5	Get ready, Vegas!  Your taste buds are going to thank you.  Whether you prefer your chicken baked, fried or grilled, you can't go wrong! I prefer the fried variety. Juicy, flavorful tender strips lightly battered and sooo crispy!  They have a huge selection of sauces for any taste.  I like the house sauce myself.  Add to that crispy golden fries and a slice of garlic toast.  Nomnom! The owners are friendly and real pros with chicken flavor!  These guys rock!  Plus I'm lucky to have my Sign-A-Rama shop only a couple doors down from them (shamelss self-promotion).The grilled strips are also A plus.  Tasty and a healty alternative to the fried variety.  Bring the gang and chow down on some good stuff.  Better than any chain chicken in the world.  5 stars.  KF WHO????
4	More of a 4.5. BFG is GOOD chicken! get ready for me to say "really good" 100 times.(Full disclosure: I know the owners/chefs, but that won't make me go twice in a week. The FOOD makes me go back 2x!)Portion sizes are plenty! The meals are $5.75, I think, and that is 4 strips, plenty of fries/sides with dipping sauces. Here's what we've had:Grilled Chicken is juicy and has a very nice, fresh yet mild marinade. The quality of the chicken seem higher than grilled chicken you get at KFC or other fast foods.Fried Chicken is panko-breaded which is a great switch from the norm, and just as juicy as the grilled chicken. If you want a fuller meal, go for these! My husband thinks this portion size borders on large. I don't love fried food, because I tend to feel the grease in my mouth for hours (cough cough, CANES). But these are fresh and leave the plate dry! No grease there. Super good.The french fries are super good. They are the kind of fries that have that texture like they've been rolled in a batter, on the skinny side, with just enough salt to make them irresistible.The grilled veggies (zucchini or squash, onions, roma tomatoes) are a point of contention for me. I thought they tasted great (they seem to be lightly marinated in the same sauce as the grilled chicken), but the cuts of veggies were on the small side. That is a personal preference for me, though. I would rather have a crunchy bite of zucchini in there still. THE DIPS: Oh Em Gee!!BFG rounds out their high-quality chicken with amazing, freshly made (I think they are homemade?!) dips that range from regular to wacky.Honey Mustard like I used to get in the south! you can see the mustard seeds in there! I loved it with the fries and fried ckn.BFG sauce is good, it seems to be something like a soy with a thicker base, with a little sweetness and seasonings? I can't figure it out, but its really good on the grilled chicken.Wasabi Cream! Nice Choice BFG. Talk about something different and very good! Its not overly strong (maybe they could offer a dollop of wasabi so you can change the strength? I like wasabi A LOT), its a wonderful change to a world of ketchup/ranch.Sweet Chili is another welcome change. if you like a little heat, mixed with a little sweet, this is for you!The only dip I didn't love is the Ranch, but that's another personal thing. I love buttermilk Hidden Valley Ranch (hey! i'm a southern girl) and no other. and this isn't that. but with the other dips, I don't mind!They made me a taste-test of fried mac & cheese balls, if they put that on the menu, get it! it was good (panko breaded too).All of the meals come with good garlic bread, great friendly service, and its made when you order it. So be prepared to wait about 5 minutes (worth it).I would think this would be great family stop on a weeknight or a weekend, or good take out (I'm going to try takeout sometime to see how it holds up). The place is small, like probably seats 15 people, but its definitely a place to try. Several times.
5	I was returning some excess stuff to home depot when I saw a sign that said 'Chicken Strips' -- i thought to myself, chicken strips, all the place does, it better be good. And good for me i felt like chicken so I dropped in to order me some chicken. As the name says - baked, fried, grilled. Its simple and simply delicious. I ordered two combos, a baked chicken with baked mac and a grilled chicken with french fries. I talked to a cat named Jin and he explained the rundown and history of the joint and talked until the food arrived. The staff is friendly, the place is clean and the food is tasty. Each combo comes with a drink and bread, the bread is very tasty and their selection of sauces is very good. I went for the BFG sauce and the wasabi cream sauce while the other combo had bbq and honey mustard.Everything was tasty, it was cheap, and run by friendly folks. Something is quirky about their logo but it got me to go in.
4	So I'm just going to put it out there, I know one of the owners, but believe you me if the restaurant sucks, I will say it.  I like this restaurant.  All the food is prepared fresh, made to order except the fries.  I had combo #3 which is 4 grilled chicken strips w/ grilled veggies + garlic bread + a drink.  I added 2 fried chicken strips and had Wasabi Cream + BFG as my sauces, the owner gave me a bonus to try so I tried the sweet chilli + honey mustard.  We all know chicken is chicken.  It's all in the way you prepare it and the sauces.  I really liked the wasabi cream + honey mustard.  All sauces are prepared on site.  It's something different,  worth a try.  Oh and btw, I got all the food I listed above for 7 bucks.  The prices are VERY reasonable. $5.75 for a combo.  It's a mom + pops shop, definitely worth supporting.
5	Healthy eats for $5.75 (including drink).. *Swoon*! Although I was basically trying to eat "healthy", I tried the grilled, fried, and baked strips (I did it for Yelp - how can I rate a place without trying it all?)! I'm with Ann Marie - the grilled were actually my favorite. They put just enough glaze on them to give them flavor without being overpowering. They were grilled to order (guy threw them on the grill right when I placed my order!) and were so delicious. Baked wasn't all that special, but fried were awesome ! No idea how they aren't greasy ? Panko ..mmmm.. so light, so fresh, and so "not fried" tasting. Love it ! I was thrilled to death to get 2 skewers of fresh delicious veggies with my chicken (green peppers, onions, tomatoes - yum!). I also tried a plethora of sauces. For you wasabe peeps, you'll love that wasabe cream sauce. My coworker was very pleased to find liquid cheese (like that kind that put on nachos at ballparks!), but I couldn't stop eating the BFG house sauce. It kinda reminds me of In-n-out special sauce, but yummier. It's a simple concept, but executed well. A good value, healthy, and delicious !
4	This place was on my 'To Do List" for a little while. Since I was in the neighborhood I decided to stop by today.  It's kind of difficult to see from the street, so the easiest way to describe the location is that it's in the shopping mall right next to the Home Depot....on the left side if you're facing Home Depot.Before I entered, I looked on Yelp and saw that they had a Special Offer for $1.50 for Hot Chicks.....decided I would investigate further.Since this was my 1st visit, I didn't know what a Hot Chick was and was pleased to find out that it was a Fried Chicken strip on a Hot Dog Bun w/Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, and your pick of sauce.  This sounded like a winner....so I ordered 2.....one with their BFG Sauce and the other with Honey Mustard.  For a side, I ordered Baked Mac 'n Cheese.The restaurant is a small business owned and operated by a couple of friends and their family members.  While I waited for my food, we chatted it up a while.  They are genuinely nice people, which is a huge plus for me.  They asked each and every person who came into the joint what their first name was and called them by their first name when calling the order and saying goodbye....and it doesn't sound fake either.After a few minutes my food was ready.  I decided to try the Hot Chick with the BFG Sauce first.  The proportion of Lettuce/Tomato/Onions was just right and the amount of Sauce on the Sandwich was just right as well.  The Chicken was moist and tasty....it wasn't greasy (bonus)....it was like a Chicken Strip Hot Dog....awesome!  The BFG Sauce is sort of like Thousand Island Dressing, but with a slightly different flavor to it....definitely worth a try.While I was devouring the 1st Hot Chick, I took a few bites from the Mac 'n Cheese....it was gooey and Cheesy....it's making my mouth water just thinking about it.  The Mac 'n Cheese portion size is pretty good too for $1.50.  I then went for the 2nd Hot Chick....covered in Honey Mustard Sauce....again, it was explosion of awesome in my mouth!  The Honey Mustard wasn't too sweet and balanced the flavors of the Chicken and the other toppings.Overall, it was a good day.....2 Hot Chicks & a Side of Mac 'n Cheese for around $5...isn't that every guy's dream?  Shh!!!  Don't tell my Wife!  Ha!Will I return?  There are so many other options on the menu I want to try....Grilled Chicken, Baked Chicken, and the Fries...You bet I will!
4	After seeing peter's review and the offer for the hot chicks i stopped in for lunch and got four of these bad boys for the office. They are amazingly good and simple all at once. and for the price of 1.50 each I was super happy.  Its in a hotdog bun with lettuces and onions, a nice long piece of fried chicken and a couple slices of tomatoes covered in a sauce of your choice. A much better alternative to the hotdog. Amazingly tasty and kind of freaky that its so tasty :)
5	Great food, excellent value. Highly recommend.
5	this place is freakin awesome.  run by asians it seems.  very flexible with order.  i got two veggie skewers, a ton of tasty grilled chicken, and rice, for only like 7.50.  i will def come back again.  friendly staff.Only negative is that it's a little bit difficult to find.  just look for the big orange HOME DEPOT sign on the left, if you're heading north on rainbow.i just finished eating the meal and it was amazing.
4	I like Raising Cane's, its close to school and home, drive thru available, always hot, and the toast.. sometimes I go there just for the toast, but thats the problem. I can't be going to my chicken finger spot and only looking forward to the toast. Nooooow... lets pretend I am married to Raising Canes then.. BFG would be my mistress, cheap, hidden, ultra friendly, gives more than receives, and satisfies. Since I've cheated it would only be fair that I compare my lover and my new mistress. Raising Cane's Box Combo (6.89) versus BFG anything (5.75). The drink- Both locations offer similar drinks, coke, diet coke, orange fanta, sprite, and etc.. so thats a tie . The dip- Canes has ketchup and that brown gravy cane's sauce. BFG has 8 dipping sauces (guessing here), from a range of sweet honey mustard to the wassabi cream that brings a little spice to your life. My mathematical logarithms are not so good contrary to stereotypical beliefs but I know that BFG sauces (insert greater than sign) Cane's.  The side- At Cane's you can only get crinkled fries, a little cup of cole slaw, the delicious toast and... thats it. BFG offers you baked mac and cheese, vegetable skewers, garlic bread from a baguette and shoe string fries. If it wasn't for Cane's having that beautiful master piece of toast then they would have been completely dominated instead of mostly dominated by BFG. EL POLLO (CHICKEN)- Cane's crispy chicken reminds me of what any other place that offers fried chicken strips would be like, but BFG's fried chicken is more.. homey, its a mostly unified and equally crispy deep fry of moist addicting chicken. BFG other offerings are grilled and baked, my favorite, which is seasoned and juicy. Sorry Cane's but you gave me no choice (literally) thus checkmate by BFG. Oh there is also a grilled chicken salad which I have yet to try since I am not too fond of salads.It is a bit difficult to find it you aren't familiar with the area, which is somewhat fine for me since its my secret mistress anyways. I also would like to see some more tables, seems to have a lot of free space in the little shop.
5	The staff is super awesome. They make an effort to learn your name and a few things about you. Customer service sets an example for all the other places in Vegas.The food itself is decently priced. The breading on the chicken is light and crispy with a juicy inside. Grilled veggies were seasoned nicely and weren't overcooked.Sweet tea is quite nice. Overall i can see myself coming back here quite often
5	I cant think of a better place to dip my (chicken)breasts strips other than here .I ordered #1, which came with the grilled chicken, baked mac & cheese, a slice of garlic bread and my choice of two sauces; the traditional ranch and fell utterly in-love with the wasabi cream. I created a survey, in which every single taste bud agreed to "yum" after my first bite. I had a mini chem lab at my table(two ramekins of sauces)where I mixed my wasabi sauce with the ranch. Supa- dupa tasty.Jin, one of the nice owners took care of me and the bf, was very social as he talked about anything and everything. kept it real chill like cardigan weather. he talked quite a lot as we waited for our food, but i appreciate it when owners get to know their customers. makes time go by fast and smoothly, and very memorable.and best for last, their baked mac & cheese. i savored each bite, so delicious, i forgot the name of this joint, and might have offended the chicken's ego a little. just a little. i even accused my bf of taking my last piece of chicken, when it was really i who, unconsciously, ate it. it's that good.
5	This must be where the chicken falls in love with the side dishes. Baked chicken with baked sides, fried chicken with fried sides and grilled chicken with grilled sides. I'm telling you, it's a triple date.Me and my BF tried it out. He got the baked couple which came with a side of baked mac&cheese. Mine was panko breaded chicken deep fried with a side of fries. Every order comes with garlic bread and your choice of 2 sauces out of 9. My choices were the BFG sauce and the honey mustard. Jin & Tin are an awesome team and great people. There wasn't a second that Jin wasn't serving us. And if he wasn't, he was having a chill conversation and getting to know us personally. I like when places call you by your name instead of a number.Everything here is simple and delicious. And they always have specials like teriyaki bowls when I was there. If you're craving something chicken, this is a good spot to go.
5	I knew it!! I knew this spot would be crackin! When me and the gf paid BFG a visit, it was totally random.  You know how you press shuffle on your iPod? And you get a good song that you would gladly listen to? Yeah kinda like that, no skipping. Just let it plaaaaay.After we ordered, Jin (co-owner) asked for my name.  I thought it was just to call it out for the order, but no, he took a mental note and made conversation with us.  Even though we met just seconds ago, we talked like we were homies.  That's hella cool. Shout out to Jin! I got your back if anyone gives you problems homie! Lol. Anyways, he kept our drinks filled at all times.As for the food, I enjoyed it like it was my last meal.  A fork and knife came with my 'Baked' order.  And the chicken was perfectly cooked, with the perfect seasonings.  It came with 'Baked' Mac n' cheese, and a slice of garlic toast. The Mac n cheese was good but tasted like it was missing something. Hmmm, butter. Yeah that'll do the trick. And probably cheddar cheese on top instead of mozzarella.  The sauce selection is real nice, cuz what if you don't want cane sauce or ketchup with your fingers!!!! their sauce called the BFG is really good and I recommend trying it. I will be paying BFG alot more visits for the equal reason of the food being excellent and well prepared by Tin, and the super excellent attentive service provided by Jin!
5	The food is good here, but the customer service is phenomenal! Yes, I said phenomenal. The guy who took our order and served us our food was super attentive, funny, and an overall awesome person! My friend's car died because she left her headlights on and he jumped her car for her! :) That's customer service baby! :POn to the food... I ordered the baked chicken strips and tasted the fried chicken strips. The winner is FRIED CHICKEN! Doesn't it always win? The mac & cheese is creamy just the way I like. They had many sauces to choose from, but I'm not a sauce person so I just chose whatever.Note: This place isn't big at all and the seating is limited to about 20 people total. I will be back... I wish they had a drive-thru!
4	great food, great service, will return simply on there hospitality
5	Someone wrote on Yelp.com, "one person can not rely on the reviews of yelp; the individual must try for themselves and make their own conclusion."  I read the reviews for BFG Chicken Strips and was even inspired with all the reviews made by all the members of Yelp.  I made the suggestion to my boss to eat here for lunch and she happily agreed.  Considering we always order to go, I placed a call for pick up.  Towards of the end of the conversation, the cashier over the phone advised me it would be ready in six minutes.  Whoa!  Wait a minute, I'm about a good 15 minutes away!  He was kind enough to tell the cooks to start cooking six minutes before I arrive.  Off I went immediately after I hung up the phone.  Almost there I thought, however I got lost.  Who gets lost in Charleston and Rainbow?  Because I couldn't find the place, I made a few u-turns and finally decided to go towards Home Depot.  Yup, there it was hiding next to Home Depot.  That hardware retail store has a way of keeping any small establishments from being seen on Rainbow Road.Luckily, it wasn't swamped with a ton of people like I thought it would be.  I walked straight in and there were a few people seated and another few lined up to order.  It was awesome how the cashier would talk to each customer as if he's known them for a while.  First names of each customer were said at least three times before they were done ordering.  That's very impressive.  But, that is the difference between a mom and pop's shop and a big corporation fast food chain.  It's more personal.My boss and I ordered the same lunch, #4, Build Your Own!  We decided to get four fried strips, baked Mac and cheese, garlic bread, two sauces, and regular drink all for $5.75 plus tax.  :D  I was excited to take this back to the office and just devour it as the aroma was teasing me and calling out my name.As soon as I got back to the office, we sat down and I just delved in as though I hadn't eaten in a month. What can I say?  I love to pig out.  To describe my meal:  A swirl of rainbows just came over me as I bit in to the chicken strip.  The breading was so lightly crisp and the meat was just so tender; the seasoning, was just right.  It didn't even need sauce, but I got the BFG sauce which is like a Thousand Island dressing with more zest to it and Ranch.  Mmmmm... you are just so yummy!  I'm still imagining it right now.  The baked Mac and cheese was heavenly too with gooey cheese of awesomeness!  That garlic bread was one of the best garlic breads I've had with lots of flavor and the right texture when biting in to it.  I'm closing my eyes as I'm typing this and reminiscing Tuesday's lunch.  My boss even said, "Good call on lunch!"  Yup, I got brownie points that day.  Thank you BFG!  Now I have to figure out what to eat for lunch today.  I hope it'll be equal or top this lunch.
5	This is a new favorite from my usual Mr. Sandwich lunch spot. I love Mom and pop restaurants because the owners really care about the product they dish out. Tin and Jin are the brains to this Asian influenced chicken joint. What's not to love of their fried chicken strips, fries, garlic bread AND a drink for $5.75. That's a steal in my book. The Panko crusted chicken tenders reminds me of a thick Chicken Katsu. The fries are insanely addictive with sweet chilli sauce and wasabi cream sauce so be careful! Also, I do appreciate how the fries remain crispy for extended an extended period of ESPN Sportscenter. Next visit baked chicken and mac n cheese.
5	Great place, great food, great price and super friendly staff. We headed here after visiting the Spring Preserve.  A perfect finish I must say. And our little baby girl loved their chicken...which is why I have to give this place 5 stars. Sophie is very picky with food. She never eats any chicken. We tested it the very next day. I tried to feed her some chicken from Souplantation..Boy was I wrong. She spit it out right away. Awesome BFG! We will definely be back. Even if the drive is a bit further away for us.Heee...I see you got that Bibimbap special..Heheee..I will put it on my wish list for the next visit...LOL
5	I've been meaning to come for a long time. I pass by it all the time to/from work and it's either too early or too late.Jin greets us and like what most Yelpers said asked for our names and asked if it's our first time.BF and I both got the "Create Your Own" combo with fried strips, mac and cheese and each a wasabi sauce, BFG for me, and sweet chili for him. While we were waiting he asks, "are either of you Yelpers?" I thought it was rather curious question but I said "yes". He then explained that it's because he noticed a pattern of ordering that first timers who get what I got tend to be Yelpers because they read what is considered the "best".  On the way there I was reading the reviews and he's right.....and about 10 of the reviews are people I know. Haha. So there- they know youre a Yelper if you're getting the "best of" box. Then he asked about us and told us a bit about himself and Tin. The strips were juicy, crispy and not oily at all. I love they have a variety to sauces to suit your mood to dress it up but even alone it was nicely seasoned. I loved the wasabi sauce..a little bit of zing and a bit of sweet. The chili sauce is not that thai chili sauce from the bottle and was tasty with a hit of cilantro in it. BFG has a good tang. Garlic bread has slices of garlic on it. Yay! I kinda eat a lot of garlic so it makes me happy (sorry if I sit next to you while I sweat, haha). Mac and cheese is very cheesy and gooey. I hate when baked gets dry but this had a lot of cheesy goodness. If this was open late then I'd probably never go to Cane's. We only go there because it's fresh and open late. I'll steal my Yelp bestie Angela H.'s word- it's "normalicious". Delicious, doing simple comfort food right. As we were sitting there enjoying our food, Jin came to check on us and refill drinks so even though its counter service, they sit wait on peoples tables. We also listened to convos and he greeted a few people coming in by their name. If he remembers everyone that's pretty impressive. We'll find out the next time we come in.
5	(sigh)Let us pause for a second.........that was AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I will forever be converted; I am no longer a Rasing Canes follower.  Well, probably not the whole truth but BFG was off the charts money!!!Down to the business:~Both my husband and I ordered the #1:  4 well seasoned, baked chicken strips, baked macaroni and cheese, & garlic toast. Came with a drink and 2 dipping sauces.  Our combined total was $12 and change.~My brother ordered the same combo but instead of the baked chicken he had the fried.  Sister in law ordered the salad with grilled chicken.  Their total....$12 and change.Here's why I'm in LOVE....~The mac 'n' cheese is like creamy YUMMY goodness, and the portion was perfect.  Sometimes I go places and they never give me enough, in this instance I was pleasantly HAPPY!~Both the baked and panko fried chicken was oh so freakin' AMAZING!  I have never tasted anything like those fried strips before, ever!~Oh the DIPPY SAUCES......... =)I can go anywhere and get ranch or honey mustard, so obviously I wanted something more unique in flavor.  I had the WASABI CREAM and SWEET CHILI sauce..........off the charts!!!~The prices are great!~The service was on point!~It's around the corner from my house, so how the hell do you beat that?!?!?=)Go there........disappointment will NOT follow!
5	I am a huge fan of this tiny chicken joint. Any restaurant I can eat at when I am dieting AND when I am not dieting gets bonus points. All combos are under $6 and come with four nicely sized chicken strips, a side, garlic bread, two sauces AND a drink! Everything is made fresh to order which I love. I ordered the #2 because I am not dieting today:) It was Fried Strips with a generous portion of crispy fries(yum). My sauce selection was Ranch and Sweet Chili. Both were sooooo good, but I was left wanting to try all the other sauces! I did also taste the macaroni and cheese which was the perfect marriage of cheese and pasta that melted in my mouth. (Double yum) The crispy Panko crust on the chicken was a nice touch to separate them from their competitors. The way I see it, BFG is the BFD and blow the other chicken strips out the water. Lastly I must add that the personalized customer service makes me feel special and I like that. It's clean, fast, affordable and downright tasty! You will see me at BFG's again very soon to start filling up my punch card for a free meal! Delicious guys!
4	As others have explained, their menu is very limited, offering only 3 types of chicken strips (baked, grilled or fried) and 3 types of sides (baked mac n cheese, grilled veggies or french fries)... and all combos come with Texas Toast.  Oh and I think they offer a salad too, but I didn't even look at that. hahaFor our first BFG experience, there were 3 of us, so we thought we should try all 3 types of chicken fingers.  We ordered 3 combos -- the baked, the fried, and the grilled.  None of us wanted to be healthy and have the grilled veggies, so we subbed another order of mac n cheese on that one.To our surprise (being the fried chicken strip lovers we are), we all decided the GRILLED strips were the best!  I think because we were comparing the fried ones to Raising Cane's.  Sorry, guys, but I do think Cane's has ya beat in that department.BUT... Cane's doesn't offer delicious, creamy mac n cheese baked in a cute little individual-sized bowl.  And they don't offer.... drum roll.... NINE DIPPING SAUCES.  Mmm mmm... we got to try 6 of them and they all made our chicken finger experience EXTRA deelish.  I especially loved the wasabi cream sauce (thanks to all the Yelp recommendations for that)! They were all really good, though.  Can't wait to go back and try the rest.As everyone has mentioned already, the owners are SUPER nice and make ya feel very welcome.  In fact... yes you can call me anti-social and I'll probably get blasted for this.... but I kinda thought Jin was a little TOO nice.  I love eating somewhere where the person behind the counter actually cares about pleasing the customer.  I really do.  But I also think there's a fine line between being friendly and being annoying.  Jin was teetering on that line throughout our lunch.I do think it's impressive how he really makes a point to learn everyone's names, but I'd really be ok if he didn't keep saying my name (followed by a question) every 3 or 4 minutes while I'm trying to eat and socialize with my family.  Know what I mean?We'll definitely be back, though. Good chicken, great prices, friendly people.  I wish them great success.
5	I have to eat lunch at least once a week.  My employees more like 4 or 5 times!Lovin' the old #2 combo for $5.75.  And a frequent flyer card to go with it! Yay!Keep up the good work boys!  Have a great 2011!
5	No, for reals! BFG, man! B... F'ing... G!I've been itching to come here for the longest time, but since it isn't close to my house, my visit has been delayed, but since my gf and I were on vacation for winter break, we placed BFG on our Go-To list and we should've placed it on our Go-To list a few more times!  After reading the rest of my fellow Yelpers' reviews, I already decided on what to order before I even went there.  And when my gf and I showed up here and ordered without even having to look at the menu twice, Jin, the co-owner, knew we were Yelpers!  How cool!I ordered the #2: Baked Chicken, Baked Mac and Cheese, and garlic toast with Sweet Chili and Cheese.  My gf ordered the #3: Fried Chicken, Baked Mac and Cheese, and garlic toast with Wasabi Cream and BFG sauce.  It was semi busy so Jin gave us a heads up that the food might take a minute and I thought that was cool that he was honest about it.  I saw the other owner, Tin, working up a sweat cooking in the back, but he was never too busy to give a welcoming smile and hello to everyone who came in.  I sat there and looked around and noticed how very welcoming and friendly Jin was with everyone who came in.  He called everyone by name and the best thing about it was that he remembered everyone!  He made sure everyone's drinks were full and had small talk with everyone like they were best friends!When we got our food, we dug right in! Wasabi cream and Sweet Chili is THE BEST SAUCE EVER!  Definitely memorable and kills my other favorite Cane Sauce.  The chicken was perfectly cooked because even if it was baked, it wasn't dry, but full of juice and flavor!  The mac and cheese was a great addition to the baked chicken and complemented my palette! After we devoured our food, we had some small talk with Jin and got to know him a little bit more.  He even asked to take our photo when we finished our food!The best part about our visit to BFG wasn't just the delicious chicken and friends, but the hospitality and winning attitude shared by Jin and Tin!  I wish you the best of luck and look forward to the future surprises that BFG has to offer!  The food was soo good, I had to order some to-go to bring home for my mom to try! BFG, son! And wha!?
4	Very delicious chicken strips here.  They have 3 main options, baked, fried, and grilled(obviously, hence the name).  I tried the fried as my buddy tried the baked.  Very juicy and tender, and most importantly not too oily.  They have a large variety of sauces from buffalo, ranch, teriyaki to custom made sauces wasabi cream, and BFG.  Very delicious for the price and if you're craving for some chicken fingers id definitely recommend this place.Service was probably the key selling point here as the owner/manager Jin i believe, was really nice and outgoing.  Small businesses like these makes me want to provide them with much support.
5	BFG will make you go OMG, cuz it's the freakin BFD, when it comes to chicken strips!{B}aked{F}ried{G}rilledSuch a simple concept, easy menu, hella cheap yet so BFD delicious!  The combos, not sure why they have numbers since it's pretty much 4-strips with your choice of cooking style, 2 sauces, a side, bread and a drink for $5.75 but I suppose every resto needs to have combo numbers!  I choose to "F" it, got it with Honey Mustard and Buffalo Sauce and Mac & Cheese as a side.First off, I'd like to say that I was way impressed with their Mac & Cheese.  It's handcrafted, made fresh and baked to order, no Kraft Mac & Cheese here!  You can also order it on the side for like under $2.00 which is a steal!  It was so delicious and screamed comfort food.  Now for the chicken strips, they were seriously delicious!  Again, fresh and cooked to order but boy were they were crisp!  If I had to guess, they use a Panko type of batter?  Honey Mustard was good, the Buffalo is no joke but I tried a bit of the s/o's Wasabi.  Okay...I was apprehensive of the Wasabi as I'm not a Wasabi kind of guy but GET THE WASABI SAUCE!!!Also, I've gotta say, the dude that took our order was really awesome.  Not sure if he was the owner or what but damn, talk about freakin superior customer service and total customer engagement!  He was able to remember everyone's names that were eating in the resto at that particular time and got into genuine social conversation with everyone.  How I know it was genuine?  He asked how did we hear about BFG, we told him a cousin from San Diego visted a few weeks ago and told us to check it out.  He was like, "Oh, was it Jeff?" DAMN!  Not only does he serve chicken strips but he does magic here too!  ;)BFG is going to go F-A-R.  I'm sorry I didn't catch the dude's name but it's all good, we'll be back, for sure!!!
5	Loved the warm welcome from Jin. Loved that Food Network's Iron Chef was on one tv, football on the other. :-) Place was crowded at 5:30. Got the grilled chickie strips w/ wasabi n sweet chili sauces. Mac n' cheese is like the velveeta kind. Was comfort-foodin' it since it was 25 degrees outside and the mac-n-cheese was steaming hot.  The great part about this resto, besides the above, is that you can dial in how healthy you want to eat. Go grilled chicken, steamed veg and/or salad and you're on track. Feelin' a little carbie/cheesy - mac/cheese and garlic bread. Want to get your fried grub on, there you go - fried strips. I like having options. Don't we all? Grilled with wasabi and chili sauce! Da bomb! I'll be seein' ya, Jin.
5	Awesome food. My girl friend and I had the baked special and the fried special great food, love the Asian influence on the fried Strips creamy wasabi well enough said, staff was great, friendly, and fast. All food was fresh and cooked right there. Overall great place to go.
5	Healthy or not? Hey this place has both, if your looking for your chicken to be fried or baked or grilled this is the spot to be. Not only great tasting chicken but the service is amazing. As my daughter and I both walked in we were greeted and he knew instantly that we have never been there so he explained the menu, which is pretty basic. I ordered the number 1 which was the baked chicken pieces) with mac n cheese and a drink. YUM! I ordered my daughter the kids menu which she picked grilled chicken (2 pieces) and french fries. As for the sauces there are a lot of choices I might say from your basic ranch to some Wasabi sauce, which I find interesting with chicken wings. I got ranch (yeah I know boring) and the BFG which is kind of like Raising Cane sauce. The Mac and Cheese was nice and cheesy and not that cheap microwavable mac and cheese.
4	Very good, I had the baked wings and MAc and cheese and I really liked it. The service was really good and friendly as well. I will return to try the other wings.
5	PUT SOME WASABI CREAM IN YO MOUTH!!Came here with my yelp-izzles a couple weeks ago. LiLy D and I popped our BFG cherries. Elnino F was back for round 2. Owner Jin Choe asked us for our names and he remembered that we had actually met a week earlier when he was picking up food from Soyo where me and a group of the yelp-izzles were getting our drink on. I noticed that he was on a first name basis with all his customers. That's what's up!What I ordered:#1-4 Baked Strips-Baked Mac & Cheese-Garlic Bread-2 Sauces (I picked Wasabi Cream and Buffalo)-Reg. Drink (Arnold Palmer)Everything was yummy yummy in my tummy. The Wasabi Cream sauce was the bomb-diggity!! The service was excellent. Jin came around numerous times to make sure everything was alright and that our sodas were topped off. I will mos def come back to try other items from the menu and the whatever the weekly special is.Thanks for dinner LiLy!
5	Just saying that this place is amazing and the chicken here is delicious...its a great place to eat and hang out with friends or Family...and another thing is that the employees are amazing the services to the costumer is the best there is...i love BFG and i defenitely recommend it to everyone.
5	Finger lickin' chicken chicken - what combo you be pickin'?! Not Canes! Best " strip club" around!  Premium, juicy breast to give Spearmint Rhino some envy. Something wrong with you if you don't check out those breasts and not lick yo lips. I've been back with the BF for some BFG love and back with my Yelperazzi family. Something simple sometimes is the best food. Goooooo Tin! Please keep feeding us nomlicious strips (Gotta slap some Yelpers for not giving enough love to the guy in the kitchen). I tried something different with the Yelpizzles and got the bibimbap special ($5.25). It was pretty solid with a variety of fresh and crisp veggies and nicely marinated chicken with a perfectly fried egg. Apparently there are four weekly specials on rotation: bibimbap, teriyaki bowl, hot chick sandwich, and chicken nachos. I will update as I try the other 3 specials, salad, and baked chicken.I already have a favorite down though- crispy strips, grilled veggies and wasabi cream and sweet chili. Thanks- Jin, Tin, Jin's sister (we didnt get your name) and the ladies cutting up the chicken in the back for your work and hospitality. We're hooked!
5	Great food, great ownership, great prices.  Support local small businesses!
5	Hit BFG Chicken Strips this weekend.  This place is great !  Tried the baked strips, grilled veggies,  wasabi cream and BFG sauce  $5.75 and it includes a coke ( or was it $5.25 ?? ) either price is a steal for what you get.GF got the grilled strips and those were equally tasty to the baked - will try the fried someday.  Just wish the place was closer to my pad .BTW - service is top notch and it's great to see the owners making the effort !
5	You know what?  Options are nice, but man...get outta here w/that baked or grilled stuff.  Go Fried.  Forget the B and the G.  F it.  Their chicken strips looked and tasted panko-encrusted (japanese bread crumbs)...and that- folks, is what sets them apart from the rest.  Sounds basic enough, but its genius in the most simplistic form.  The chicken is moist, the breading is crisp, the dips are fantasmo. (you get your choice of 2)  Their mac n cheese is a mentionable, especially if you like yours baked.  Be careful though, it's extremely hot when it comes out.They also serve weekly specials, and my friend ordered the bibimbap.  A Korean dish made up of chicken, vegetables, rice, eggs, and a chili sauce.  Each ingredient in bibimbap is separated and pretty at first glance, but you'll have to mix it up and ruin the picture in order to eat it correctly.  Their bibimbap is pretty decent.  The service?  Awesome.  Jin was taking orders at the cashier, and upon encounter, we were fast friends.  By the time he came around to each table to check on the customers (provided they weren't too busy) we were BFF's.  He'll make you feel special.  He'll give you stickers.  He'll dance for you.  (ok so he didn't dance but I bet he would if you asked).So now when my friend asks me if I wanna go to "The Strip" I'll be thinkin BFG.  And Jin.  And Tin.  And Sister Tin.  And 2 other Sister Tin's who slave in the back preppin stuff."Tin is the cook who makes your stomach happy.  Jin is the one who gives your face wrinkles" - Jin
5	Hey YELP........can I get a 10 star rating please!?!?!?My "check-in's" here don't accurately depict how often I enjoy this food.  My family is now down with the BFG, and my brother brings it home REGULARLY! New highlights:~THE WEEKLY SPECIAL.........oh my!This week it's chicken nachos and last week it was BiBimBap..........well done guys, WELL DONE!!!=)I can't get enough of this place!
5	Was just introduced to this place... and it is just down the road from my office.  DIGGIN IT!  The food and service were excellent.  I got there at a pretty lively time, place was almost full... still had staff coming over to check on my food and asking if I wanted a refill.Try it... you'll like it!
5	Looooove it! would eat here more if it was appropriate to have chicken fingers everyday. Get the fried strips (my fav) with grilled veggies (if you are feeling healthyish) or the most awesome mac and cheese. Love the wasabi cream sauce. Family owned, small business. Good people, make you feel welcomed always. Check it out.
4	Here's a nice little local gem in the Las Vegas area that serves homestyle chicken strips. When you order, they include 2 different sauces with the meal. I had the ranch and the honey mustard but my friend ordered the wasabi cream. Man, was the wasabi cream the bomb-diggity.I ordered the standard fried chicken strips with Mac-and-cheese and a small piece of garlic toast. I'm usually not big on mac-and-cheese but theirs was so so tasty. I know it's bad for you but it was oooh sooo good for the soul. The owner is very friendly and walks around and takes the time to make sure that everything meets with your approval and also satisfies the taste buds. They have different specials of the week and this week it happened to be the chicken nachos. Wish I could have sampled that but I will definitely do that on my next business trip to Las Vegas. All-in-all, you will not be disappointed when you come here. Great food, great value, and great service. Where can you go wrong?
5	Totally legit.  Panko crusted chicken strips perfectly cookied and seasoned.  Didn't get anything except the fried strips - not sure why'd you go baked or grilled. Eff that - go with the tastiest option.Mac and cheese was decent as well.  Looking forward to trying their rice bowls, nachos, and korean dish who's spelling I don't want to butcher.  Owner is nice and friendly - though I personally didn't feel like talking that day so he probably thought I was rude.  Check it out!  Delicious.
5	After all the recent raves, I have been dying to try BFG! My husband went and picked up 2 to go combination platters.Mine had 4 of the fried strips, a side of the mac & cheese, a slice of garlic bread . I chose the Wasabi cream & thai chili sauce. My husband got the same except he got the fries.Wow!  I like Canes strips but these taste so much better!  The panko breading is perfect. The strips were juicy and not one bit greasy!  The wasabi cream was as everyone described.  The thai chili sauce was good and would probably be perfect with the grilled or baked strips.The mac & cheese was super delish-rich & creamy!  The fries were good as was the garlic bread.  In the future I think I would love to just order a platter of strips with a buffet of sauces!  Definately a good value as well!  Thank goodness this place is less than 2 miles away!
5	I could devour a bucket of these! Throw in some mac & cheese & their garlic bread for instant food coma! Pick 2 of any of their sauces & enjoy that food coma with a big grin on your face.Tender & juicy baked chicken, lightly seasoned, as the sauces steal your palate away for ride down ecstasy lane. Could use a little bit more browning but it still tastes great. Fun lil thing to do with your sauce selections. MIX them together! Sweet Chili & Wasabi Cream = explosive sweetness! Top it off with a generous portion of baked mac & cheese & garlic bread as sides, its OD heaven!What makes this place push into the 5* category, is they take extra step to make sure the clientele is pleased with the food as well as feeling comfortable coming back for more. Prompt, very friendly & observant.This is possibly the first place I've observed taking the extra step of individually wrapping each item on a togo order so it stays hot. And sure enough when I unpacked it after the 15min rush home it was still HOT! Locally owned, family run (from my impression), my new friday evening stop.
5	This place kicks ass!! Such a simple idea, but it's done sooo well. The strips are cooked to order and delicious. They have a ton of sauces, so no matter what you like to dip the strips in, you've got it! The owner is amazing, he makes a big effort to remember everyones name and is really attentive (walks around and does refills when the cash register slows down). My favorite is the weekly specials they offer, especially the chicken nachos...YUM!! Now I am a huge sucker for fake cheese nachos and these are fantastic fake cheese nachos! This has quickly become a favorite for lunch, quick, can be healthy if you can avoid the perfectly fried strips and heavenly baked mac n cheese, and super affordable.
5	These guys are friends of mine, but putting friendship aside.... I've tried a lot of chicken strips from canes to the bar to yard house... and these are the BEST fresh and crispy, the sauces are creative and innovative the only thing that I can say negative is that there not closer to my house... but trust me its worth the drive!!!! love it!! p.s. the hot chicks are my favorite..
2	wow this place was a disappointment...its rated so well...the baked chicken pieces were bland and the grilled veggies had a strange taste from the pannini press they were cooked on...the only good thing was the mac and cheese was okay...and the sweet chili sauce was the best thing that was served. the portion size is snack size also...dont know what all the yelp buzz about this place is...not for me. inka chicken grill is in the same shopping center go there instead.
5	Stopped in here last week with a friend, and liked it so much I stopped in again a couple of days later. And I don't live anywhere near BFG. It's that good. The first time in I had the fried strips which were cooked perfectly. The batter was excellent and not greasy at all. The chicken inside was moist and tasty. It comes with two dipping sauces. I tried the teriyaki and the honey mustard. Both were very good. Along with the strips I had the vegetable skewers, which also were really tasty. The meal came with a small piece of garlic toast and a drink.My second time in I had the baked chicken strips which were moist and tender, and because I liked the veggie skewers so much the first time I got them again. Once again they came with Texas toast and a drink. All this for under 6 bucks.During the first visit my friend asked me how these chicken strips compared to Cane's. It had been a long time since I'd been to Cane's, so today I went there to compare. Cane's was decent, but nowhere close to as good as the chicken strips here at BFG.The service, as has been mentioned already here many times, was excellent. In fact the only complaint I have about this place is that it's so far from where I live. If they ever open one closer to me I'll be in there all the time.
5	Wow... Bretty F*ckin Good.. (Inside Joke) this place was awesome!! The price is great.. the service is great.. and the food was great.. what more can you ask for?!
4	my coworkers and i order from here at least once a month! it's close to work and the food is pretty darn good... what's best is the PRICE!! you get chicken made your way (B,F or G), side of yummy mac & cheese and a sode for pennies!! well... not really pennies, but less the $10! :) they are always extremely friendly and give great customer service! check it out! you won't be disappointed!!
5	I know- how many flippin' review updates am I gonna do?!But it's a BFG first (I think) to have a fan family.It's already known the BF and I already love this place but we brought mom and grandma so their opinion matters.....the place is mom and grandma approved! My mom in law likes their mac n cheese a lot and for a person who doesn't like chicken, admits this is pretty good chicken. Grandma has been wanting chicken strips and she loved it. She's already talking about coming back. We also shared the chicken nachos so I'm 2 of 4 on the specials. Pretty good and a decent portion for $3.25. We all had a plate so we were sttuuuuffffeeeddd, but Jin totally pulled my leg to get it (thanks- I will get it again). The chicken strip phenomenon still perplexes me- so simple but it's crazy how much people it attracts. I love it so I am not complaining. Now I'm keeping an eye on Tin because there has to be some magical voodoo dust in the panko. I have not met a person with bad things to say about BFG yet I've met people who will talk shit even about Joel Robuchons food. One of my friends from Los Angeles knows about BFG and I wasn't the one who told them...seems like the chicken did more than cross the road. Vegas now and onto west coast domination?
4	Good food great price and customer service. A bigger dining room could serve them well.
4	After reading all the fantastic reviews on BFG, the husband and I decided to head over there for some winner, winner chicken dinner...err lunch.The place is small, but luckily a table walked out just as we entered so we were able to grab a seat.  There are a total of like 6 combos that you can order, or you can order a la carte or a special.  The husband ordered the #1- four baked chicken strips, baked mac & cheese, two sauces (ranch & BBQ), garlic bread and a coke.  I had the special- Chicken Nachos.I am on the once a week Taco Bell Nacho Bell Grande kick for the past month. (don't ask me why!  they just taste so good!) and these chicken nachos kicked its ass.  Chips, cheese, chicken, pico, sour cream, beans, scallions... delicious!The husband liked his combo #1 and I also liked his mac & cheese.  Thank god he didn't eat it all and I get to have lunch off of it tomorrow! :)I think it was the owner, Jin, who was very attentive and walked around to the tables to make sure that everyone was taken care of.  When we walked in, he asked "this is your first time, right?".  WOW!  He definitely knows his customers.We will definitely be heading back to try more!
3	Honestly I would say  BFG is a  2.5  (I always round up.)The location itself is very small. Upon walking in you can tell its a High Schooler hang out. Which is kind of a bummer seeing how there was a group of HS kids that took up half of the whole restaurant. The prices are very affordable. But the food I thought was lacking. Mind you I haven't tried the entire menu but over all I found it lacking. The fried strips are tempura style. They are light and crisp but in the end I have had many more flavorful tempura encounters. I will say that I enjoyed the grilled fingers but they weren't anything to write home about. With your fingers you get to choose 2 sauces. Based on other reviews I chose the wasabi cream and sweet chili. The wasabi cream had the taste of wasabi but no kick. The kick being the only reason I like wasabi made this sauce very disappointing. The sweet chili sauce was very flavorful and tasted great with the grilled strips and fries. Last but not least was the Mac and Cheese which was incredibly bland. As soon as I tasted it I knew what was missing; onion. But I guess I shouldn't expect such things from a restaurant such as this.  The highlight of this establishment is the owner; Jin. He is very friendly and talks to all his customers and even remembers your name from previous visits. But after being here twice I don't think I will revisit. The bottom line is: They serve affordable food aimed towards teenagers and broke college students. Great service but mediocre food. Common sense states "You Get What You Pay For."Happy Eating,Jace
4	2nd time getting take-out from BFG.  On accident the hubby  ordered me the "baked" chicken...I thought it was blah & a tad too "wet".  Luckily the hubby traded me for the fried.  They were as delicious as I remembered.   The hubby said he would not order the baked again either.   He also ate the side of fries and the grilled veggie sticks.  He thought the veggie sticks were "just right"-not too hard-not too soggy!  The fries were fine (I'm not a fan-mac & cheese next time for sure). Still loving the Wasabi cream sauce.  Hubby chose Honey Mustard -he gave it 2 wings up. We'll be back...
5	The owner was very welcoming and personable.  He called us by our names the whole time we were there and would ask if we wanted refills.  We tried the #1 and the chicken nachos.  The nachos were very tasty and crunchy,  while the mac n cheese was creamy and some of the cheese on top was crunch (yummy!).  We preferred the breaded chicken strips over the baked.  You get to choose from a long list of dipping sauces.  I would definitely come back!
5	************SEX SUBSTITUTE************There's plenty of reviews to tell you how great the food is. I am ashamed I have waited this long to hit this place up. I woke up this morning dreaming of the crisp, moist, juicy goodness. In addition to the sexcellent strips, we were treated to Jin educating 3-4 teens on the importance of going to college.  There were no eyes rolling.  These younstas took everything in with BFG glazed eyes. The teens, kids, Sr citizens love him. He is definitely the everyday people person who could relate to anyone.BFG - not only can u get drug-like addictive food but you can also drop your kids off for youth counseling............................................... All this... One chicken strip at a time!!!!!
4	After seeing the rave reviews on Yelp, I decided to give BFG a try.I ordered the #1 which consisted of 4 baked chicken strips, mac & cheese, garlic bread, and a drink. All for $5.75. You can't beat that!The mac and cheese was served in its own aluminum serving bowl. It was piping hot. I loved the melty goodness. It was rich with melted cheese on top. Mmm, mmm good!The garlic bread was delicious, garlicy goodness.The chicken strips were smallish but good. They come with two sauces and I selected sweet chili and wasabi cream. The sweet chili had a nice balance of sweet and spicy. I really enjoyed the wasabi cream which had a little kick and was quite delicious.I will definitely be back. I have already recommended BFG to a few people it was so good.
4	Went there with my family after reading all the reviews and the place is very clean (including bathrooms! - good job!), and the owner is about as nice as they come. We each tried something different, Baked, Fried, Grilled and I had the BiBimBap. Everything was excellent and cooked to order. The best was probably the fried strips, very light with perfect crunch. I took one star off (wish it could be 1/2 star) because portions could have been a tiny bit bigger. I will definitely go back again when in Vegas.
5	Super great prices, homemade quality and feel, very friendly staff.  These folks simply got it right.Like the fried better than the baked chicken strips.  The mac and cheese is the bomb and so is the garlic bread.  Portion sizes are good too and my wallet always smiles when I go here.  That said, I could've eaten two of their meals at one sitting, but I simply didn't want to look like a pig.Thumbs WAY UP for BFG!
5	The owner Jin is awesome! Great customer service.This place is about 15 mins off the strip...worth the trip.Ordered the weekly special at the time, which was Chicken Nachos without the refried beans and BF had the Fried Combo. Both were fantastic! The chicken strips were moist and not covered in flour like most chicken strips I have tried. And the fries were crisp on the outside and soft on the inside and had a slight flavor to it. Got the ranch and honey mustard dips. The honey mustard dip was fantastic with the chicken as well as the fries. The Chicken Nachos should remain on the menu as they were just...that good! The chicken had seasoning and the pico de gallo went well with it...The only complaint I have is I wish there was more nacho cheese as I love nacho cheese.Would definately come back when I am in Vegas!
5	Super clean, nice staff, free drink refills.Kids loved the fried chicken strips - made w/ Panko breading so it's light on the fried taste.
4	I don't know, I really really wanted to love this place with all my heart.  I even rode my bike there one day to have lunch and I was mortified when they were closed on mondays so I ate at port a subs across the street in misery.  Be warned I am going to make a comparison to canes, I fell like it's fair because they are obviously copying them a bit, which is okay with me.   So I give strips themselves like 3 stars maybe 2, I just love canes so much and I always compare everything to them.  When you get down to the nitty gritty the food is better at canes, I like the batter better and the sauce is awesome.  BFGs panco breading just dosen't do it for me and the chicken isn't as tender, it does however come out fresh, crispy, and not greasy.  I think at BFG they cut strips out of breasts instead of using chicken tenders and this is probably part of the culprit. The garlic toast is small but tasty, canes delicious texas toast is better still as well as their fries.  Now there is a lot of redeeming points this place has, so many I have to make a list;*Healthy versions, but the baked kind of sucked, the grilled was decent*Many many sauces, some better that others*Pretty delicious mac and cheese*Service, AMAZING, seriously when I left I felt like the owner was my BFF*Dirt cheapI struggled on whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars.  Here is the breakdownStrips 2.5 starsOther food 4 starsService 5.5 starsValue 5 StarsSo that is an average of 4.25 stars so 4 it gets I guess, for some reason I still want to give them 3.
4	"#1 Restaurant Best of Yelp" Need I say more?.. I'm on my way!Came here on a Sunday evening, they were half full but no wait. The Gentleman at the counter, Jin was Extremely Personable and guessed that I was a Yelper! Haha, nice. I found that he was the owner and his partner/owner, Tin was handling the backend/cooking. I did go with the Combo #1 with Grilled Chicken Tenders/Strips with the Wasabi Cream sauce and the suggested Sweet Chili sauce. It also came with Mac N Cheese, a slice of Garlic Bread and a Drink. All for under 6 bucks, Not bad.. Then, ordered their Special of the Day: "Hot Chick" - fried chicken tender, in a hotdog bun with their hot sauce and veggies.. Plus, I ordered a side of their baked chicken tenders and fried chicken tenders (just to have a taste of all the chicken variety they offered). And I also tried their buffalo and ranch sauces too.My take on the items:Baked Chicken Tenders: 3.5 Stars. Tasted healthy but didn't have much flavor.. The sauce took care of it though.Grilled Chicken Tenders: 4/5 Stars. Mildly flavored, a bit sweet and tasty.Fried Chicken Tenders: 5/5 Stars. The Breading (Panko?) was absolutely delicious with the chicken. Like a Tempura Chicken Tender!Wasabi Cream Sauce: 3.5/5 Stars. Unique and mild wasabi flavor. Nice and creamy but didn't Wow me like I was expecting.Sweet Chili Sauce: 4/5 Stars. Sweet, a tiny bit spicy , like a teriyaki type sauce. This was pretty good.Buffalo and Ranch Sauces: 3/5 Stars. Both decent, as expectedHot Chick (special): 3.5/5 Stars Think of Fried Chicken Tender hot dog with hot sauce and veggies. Not bad. But it did make me order more Fried Chicken Tenders!Mac N Cheese: 4/5 Stars, Easy. Not the Best I've had but Way Better than KFC's! I think there were a couple different cheeses working together with that Nacho cheese oozing in the middle of it all! I'm a Fan!Service was Superb, No Question! For a place like this, I never would of expected to feel like a V.I.P.! I think Jin asked me twice if I wanted a refill for my drink but Annie (the wife of Tin, the other owner) was quick to give me a refill before and after Jin already asked me.. Also, follow ups on the food and.. It goes on.. The Food and Value was better than Average. This Local Business Got My Support!!
5	I am not a chicken lover but I heard about this place so try this time.I ordered combo meal #1 so I got chichen strips, garlic bread, mac& cheese and soft drink. I picked grilled chicken. It was moist enough not dried at all. I never like white chicken meat but this one is different.Garlic bread was good and mac&cheese was baked well. I picked honey mustard and BBQ sauce. It was good, but I will try different sauce next time.Also, staff was so friendly. Food is good service is good.
5	I'm definitely a fan...The quality of their grilled chicken is ridiculous. I've been to places where they grill the chicken and it ends up being too dry.  This place made it PERFECT!! the grilled chicken was still so juicy.  Great place, great group of staff, extremely good lunch experience :)
5	Ok, my review for BGF is looooong overdue (sorry Jin). Simply put, this place is AMAZING, puts a whole new element on how chicken tastes. The places before BFG were complete failures, so it's actually nice to see this place do so well.The menu is extremely simple and effective, so it won't take you more than a few minutes to decide what you want.Food is BOMB! And their weekly specials are also delicious. I'm particularly in love with the "Chicken Nachos", best nachos I have ever had. I usually get a number #2 and substitute the fries with the grilled veggies.Service is some of the best from a place like this, thanks Jin & Tin! Prices are beyond reasonable. This place is just awesome!BFG Chicken Strips is so awesome I vow never to give it up, never let it down, never turn around and desert it. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...
4	I really enjoy BFG every time I go there. The prices are very reasonable. I usually get the meal that includes 4 pieces of chicken, a side, a piece of garlic bread and a drink. I like the Fried and the Grilled chicken. I'm not a big fan of the Baked. As far as the sides, I really love the Mac N Cheese. It's awesome! It always comes out really hot and it's just melty cheesy goodness. The fries are very good as well. For the health conscious out there, grilled veggies are available. I really like the garlic bread and I usually order an extra piece. I still haven't found dipping sauces that I really like yet. But there are many options so I'm sure I'll find a few I like. Also, the Chicken Nachos are awesome!! They alternate between 4 different specials on a weekly basis. Jin is always there working when I go, He's friendly and professional. Plus he's a cool guy. So props to him. The place is also conveniently right near my house. I usually do take out but there is also a small dining area. Can't really go wrong here. You owe it to yourself to try it out!
5	So I've been looking for a hole in the wall or a spot to grab a quick bite near the CSN Charleston campus during my lunch breaks. Looks like I found it! Ordered some strips with the wasabi sauce. Bomb. Dig. Nice panko style breading, thin crunchy fries, nice customer service from the asian brother (owner?) and the options of sauce as well the preparation of your chicken: grilled, baked or my personal favorite fried.. Definitely the go to spot if I'm craving some cheap eats. I think its about time we get rid of these corporate chicken chains or other fried chicken spots with their food chillin up under those heat lamps all dang day. Don't you?
5	Have to agree with the positive reviews posted about BFG Chicken Strips.  They serve a simple menu, but the execution of their chicken strips is spot on. Weather you order it baked, grilled or fried, it will be served hot, cooked and still moist inside. And Jin is seriously a master at friendly and personable customer service.It is not rocket science, but when restaurants can deliver the winning combination of serving good food + exceptional customer service, it pretty much means the customer will have an awesome experience.  And for someone that dines out daily it really is a refreshing change to dine somewhere that do all the important things right. I tried Combo #1 (maybe not the "healthy" combo, but it certainly does pack a lot of tasty flavor).  The fried chicken strips were very good (my second favorite).  I also ordered 2 strips each of the baked and grilled chicken strips, just so I  can do a little taste test and find out my preferences.  I really love the grilled chicken, it has nice flavor and was nice and juicy.  The baked chicken was good, but came in last for me when compared to its grilled and fried brethren.About the restaurant, it is small but still perfect for accommodating patrons dropping by for a quick meal break from work or school or the modern day hunter gathers here to pick up a little something for the rest of the family units impatiently waiting at home.  It has WiFi, in case you want to surf the web/blog about your visit on your new iPad 2 while you get some nourishment.  It is located in a large strip mall, so parking should not be an issue.Tinh and Jin's Mom + staff, runs the kitchen, while Jin mans the cash register and handles customer service, 12 hr/day, 6-days a week. Pretty tough schedule running a small restaurant, but they do a great job!Food: 5/5 They have the techniques down when it comes to making chicken strips.Service: 5/5  There are more than one way to provide awesome service, and BFG has certainly mastered it.  I think even more established restaurants or potential restaurateurs can learn a thing or two about what great customer service is here.Location:  Close to the Rainbow exit on the 95.Parking: 5/5  The parking lot is large, it should not be a problem.
5	Stopped by for lunch because of all the great reviews they get on yelp. It's a simple lil' restaurant with a simple menu. As soon as we walked in, they were very nice. I got the grilled combo and my friend got the fried combo. The wasabi cream sauce is really good as is the sweet chili sauce. I loved the mac and cheese. It's a great place to grab lunch or a snack and get away from the craziness of the strip. It's in a shopping plaza and has mostly regulars coming in to eat. So, it's nice to escape all the tourists. I liked how nice all the staff was. It really makes a difference when a restaurant is family-owned. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm definitely coming back here!
5	This is must try...it was the best simple food and yet extraordinary service I had yet here in vegas. Gin was awesome the owner/Staff  had a great convo and introduction to his company...The food was simply made but pounded with mmm so ono kine flavor (mm so good flavor). I ordered the Mac & Cheese and it was good also the weekly specially Hot Chick awesome...the reviews are true Great job
5	If you haven't already visited BFG chicken strips, you really have no idea what you're missing.The fried chicken strips with the baked mac & cheese are absolutely awesome. I highly recommend the wasabi cream sauce as well as the sweet chili sauce.This place is a great example of having a great product with great service.  Over the past 5 days I've been here 3 times and both the food and the service are consistently awesome. I'm sure Jin knows how this combination of great food and great service contributes to his business.  Although Jin first told me to close my eyes and the chicken strips would taste like passionfruit, marshmallows and masago, I was pleasantly surprised how good it all was.  The fried chicken strips are crispy and juicy and cooked to order and the baked mac & cheese is really creamy and delicious.  BFG Chicken Strips may be a little hard to find as there is no street signage but it definitely worth looking for!  It's just south of the Home Depot on Rainbow between Alta and Charleston.  Drop in and say "Hi!".
5	It's a rare occurrence that I even post a review at all, so take it for what it is: that it is damn amazing... and I haven't even touched any food yet.Now why can it be amazing? The service was awesome. It may be just talking to the guy and giving him a form of payment, but man does he make a conversation out of it. He even remembers a lot of the people that have come and gone, asks them how the days been, explains the menu... hell, the man pretty much did everything but explain to me how taxes work. That's called service.(EDIT: HIS NAME IS JIN. I feel bad that I forgot the first time around. Sorry dude!!)Anyway, let's move on to the actual food...  Imagine a juicy chicken strip that's moist on the inside and yet somehow crunchy and flaky on the outside. It almost doesn't seem possible (the close comparison always is Cane's, but I'll explain why that's an impossible comparison), but that's exactly what BFG has done with their Fried Chicken. It's almost unthinkable as to what madness occurred for this to be possible, but it's been done. Not only is their Fried chicken that moist, but pretty much everything else is as well. The Baked chicken strips were peppered with some seasonings and baked to perfection, it comes out very moist and tasty. I'm not one for Baked Chicken Strips, but I'd try it every once in awhile if it had come down to it.In addition to the chicken, their sides are very well done. Naturally, if you like/love/adore/lust after Mac and Cheese, then dear god go for the Mac and Cheese; it's baked goodness in a tinfoil pie thing. Their salad was enjoyable, but if you're going there to get fried chicken in a salad, you really need to get some priorities in order and really just stop kidding yourself. Naturally the big kicker is their array of sauces. I'm officially a big fan of their "BFG" sauce, simply because it's got a bit of everything in the flavor spectrum in "BBQ, spicy, and sweetness." None of that made sense, but that's the only way to describe it. Their Honey Mustard is something unique as well, so if y'all love it, go for it.All in all, BFG is a chicken place that I might very well swap for Cane's from time to time, because (1) It's good food; it's good chicken... and (2) It's closer to me than Cane's. I mean, I'll still go to both equally (Cane's is open longer, so that's always a reason I won't abandon Cane's), but somehow BFG will make it into my routine.... oh, and having a stamp card helps too. (b^^)b =7SIDENOTE: So I was saying why you can't compare Cane's Fried Chicken with BFG Fried Chicken... I (personally, ie. MY OWN OPINION) believe that you can't compare two different styles of fried chicken strips. Cane's uses a batter of some sort, whereas BFG uses more Panko bread crumb-type food source. It's like comparing Apples and Oranges; useless. You just need to know that Cane's is good and BFG is good too. (b^^)b
5	Just finished dinner from here and it was really good. Hubby got a #2 - fried chicken, fries and garlic bread and I got the #1 - grilled chicken, baked mac & cheese and garlic bread. I really liked both types of chicken so much that I can't decide which I liked better. I did really like the fact that the baked was really moist and the seasoning added some nice flavor even before the dips. I really liked the crunchy coating on the fried, like another review said it was very much like panko breadcrumbs, which was a change from a breading texture like I'm used to, but a good change. The fries were good and not greasy but OMG that mac & cheese was AWESOME! The noodles were well cooked, not mushy, and the sauce was creamy and mild but that stringy crust of shredded cheese on top was heaven - I would go just for a serving of the mac & cheese.We tried 5 sauces: BFG, buffalo, honey mustard, wasabi cream and ranch. I really liked both the honey mustard (not too sweet or too tangy) and the wasabi cream (could probably use a little more wasabi but still good and different). The garlic bread was good nothing amazing but in no way bad.Overall I really enjoyed everything we ordered and will be adding BFG into my normal roster of take out dinners!
3	When you do something this good you don't need a giant menu! I always get the Freid Strip, my Girlfriend gets the Grilled, and my Daughter the Baked, all are good, so is the salad. Jin remembers EVERY name of EVERY person that comes in, it's worth it to go there just to watch! Clean, and yeah maybe no real ambiance, but really, you're eating fast food, and it's better than any other fast food places.Edit: Jin is gone. :( The food menu has changed, and I am not as crazy about it, although they still have Wasabi Cream. It's worth a try if you're in the nieghborhood, but I don't know if I would drive for hours anymore.
5	A very good experience, we got there at a good time and didn't have to wait in line very long.  As a friend recommended we went with the fried chicken strips and stole one of our kids' baked mac & cheese.  The food was very good!  Fries...well I'm sure they were great right out of the fryer, I made the mistake of going to the comic book store next door to it and spending a little too much time there.  I never like cold fries but I can't honestly say how they were fresh, Sweet Chili sauce and ranch were my choices, the sweet chili sauce was very good, ranch was great as well.  Kids enjoyed their food and the wife was pleased as well.  Jin was great, he is running a great operation there.
4	Found a great sauce I love. The sweet chili is a great blend of sweet and spicy! Also, I enjoy the teriyaki and the cheese dip. But that sweet chili is bomb! I forgot to mention earlier that they have Gold Peak tea, which I love!! I prefer the sweet tea but the green tea that they offer is pretty great too!
5	Honestly, I wasn't expecting much. A fellow Yelper recommended this place and I thought, how good could a chicken strip joint be? Well gadzooks was this place off the heezy. The service here was as impressive as the food itself. We were greeted by a nice gentleman who asked if this was our first time in. We said yes and he immediately asked if it was from Yelp reviews (nice!). Obviously he follows whats going on in the Yelp community. He gave us some details on the many dipping sauces they have and checked on us twice throughout our meal. There are sit down restaurants that don't do this! I never knew that selecting dipping sauces for strips could be so stressful. With the combo meals you get to choose two sauces (which is more than enough). I went with BBQ & the BFG sauce, my wife with the Ranch & Wasabi sauce. They have several sauces to choose from, next time I'll definitely try something different (these were great, but variety is the spice of life).Now the chicken strips deserve a paragraph dedicated all to themselves. We made the mistake of both getting the Fried Chicken Strips. Next time we will mix it up and each get a B-F or G (not the same). For a whopping $5.75, yes, fie dollar an sevety fie cent, you get 4 chicken strips, a side, a piece of garlic bread, and a frosty coca-cola beverage. For rizzle. It's a glorious deal. When it came to sides there was no other option as they offered homemade baked Mac N' Cheese. Schweeet! Topped with mozzarella cheese it was ooeeey and gooey, two things M&C should always be. Back to the strips though. Their not your atypical fried chicken strips. They use panko bread crumbs which is a HUGE bonus in my book. They weren't drenched in grease. In fact after eating them I didn't feel that heavy sadness that normal chicken strips cause. The chicken was so moist and juicy it was actually dripping. The bread crumbs weren't overwhelming, but just enough to get the perfect amount of crunch in every bite. I can only imagine how awesome the Baked & Grilled strips are. A definite must next time. Key words are next time. We will be back. This place is rad! Go out of your way to try BFG Chicken Strips, I don't think you will be disappointed.
5	I think I'm in love with a chicken strip.Frank M. wanted me to try this place out, and I decided to give his taste the benefit of the doubt.  He came home with a few orders and sauces, and when I opened it I was happily surprised.  The chicken strips are panko breaded, large, and the sauces are great!  I love their wasabi cream sauce the most, to be honest.  What makes their strips fantastique are the sauces and that panko.  Damn good.Seasoned well, crunchy, and hot out of the fryer, these strips will make you dream for more the next day.  That's exactly what happened to me!  try it out.  Oh, and check online for their specials.  They change daily.
3	This place is different, but good. They offer combos for their chicken fingers. You can get them baked, grilled or fried. And they have Baked Mac + Cheese, French Fries and/or Grilled Veggies to combo your chicken choice with. Plus you get a garlic bread piece. These combos come out to about $6.I got baked with Mac & Cheese. They say you get four chicken strips with your order, but with the baked, it seemed like I got a few more...which was a good thing because they were small. Seems like a very healthy alternative, especially if you go with the baked or grilled, plus the veggies. Not very exciting, but healthy. Plus, they have a good selection of  sauces for your strips...I guess this is where you try and add some excitement to your food and give your taste buds something to celebrate.
4	They use panko for the breading, which is awesome! Their chicken strips are crunchy but still juicy inside. Very friendly people and yummy chicken :DCheck out their weekly deals!
5	Different but in a good way. A most try. I love it but maybe some may not.
4	All around good place Jin the gentleman working the register knew just about every persons name sweet chili sauce was our fav mix w/ wasabi cream also is good
4	Everyone else has nailed it so I"ll keep it short.BFG Chicken Strips is excellent for these reasons:Variety (baked, fried, or grilled chicken strips)Sauces (many great dipping sauces to choose from)Service (the nicest people you'll ever meet)Value (high quality, freshly made chicken strips for a very fair price)Don't miss out on the hype, since it's all true.  Get your Chicken on Son!!
4	Love this place.  Jin is amazing and always makes sure you're taken care of.  The food is great and a really good value.
4	Still very good, I had the Hot Chick and it was really good. This $2 special is fried strip in a bun with a special sauce that tastes very familiar to the Hooters wing sauce. I also had to have the unreal Mac and Cheese. The hot chick was good except the bun must of been a little old since they were really dry. I am still fan and will keep returning.
5	Let's get right down to business shall we?As a local it's hard to find a place in town that you enjoy eating at more than once a week before you really start getting sick of it, but when it comes to BFG, I just can't resist.This place takes chicken strips and offers it up in three different styles, and if you couldn't guess from their name the styles are.. Baked, Fried, or Grilled. Each style comes with sides that are served up in the same way, for instance getting baked chicken strips combo will grab you a baked macaroni and cheese on the side which, by the way, is a really delightful treat.If you don't want to have a preset combo, you have the option of getting a combo which consists of any style strips and any side that you'd like and if you're not down with any of those options, you can always have a salad with your style chicken in it.For families, there is a kids meal!Any of the main combo options will come with two dipping sauces of your choice and there is a pretty good variety offered. My favorites are the Wasabi Cream and the Honey Mustard.I think the best thing about BFG is that they offer weekly specials which, of course, change every week. These are the things that keep me coming back for more. All of the specials offered are just awesome. My absolute favorite is the Bi Bim Bap which is a korean dish that, if I'm not mistaken, literally translates out to mix it up. It is amazing to say the least.One of the most notable things about this place is the staff. I only had to visit one time for our main order taker, Jin, to remember my name. Since my first visit he's addressed me and all my friends by name and not only that, he makes an effort to remember all of his customers by name and I gotta say, he remembers 95% of them from what I've seen. It makes the venue feel more down to earth and that's always a plus.If you're from out of town, I doubt you'd make time in your trip to drive about 20 minutes away from the strip just to grab some chicken but I believe that if you can, the extra effort will definitely be worth it.
5	Jin you are the man! Rock solid, rock star stuff, food, service, everything. Never disappointed. Try the sauce mixing yet? I will have that wasabi mac & cheese next time I'm there! LOL
5	So I visited the BFG establishment about a month ago and I have been agonizing ever since on how to find the words to describe how awesome this place is.  Had never heard of the joint before but based on the outstanding reviews I thought it deserved a visit.  My husband and I took my two nieces (ages 5 & 6) as anytime you ask what they want for dinner their response is chicken and french fries.  So they are essentially experts in this field.  Upon arrival we were greeted by Jin.  May I just say if everyone ran their restaurants with the friendliness and attentiveness as Jin the world would be a better place.  I thought to myself if the food is as great as the service this place is a godsend.  Finally, a nice easy menu - would you like baked, fried, or grilled?  Simple enough.  The meals come with (4) strips, a side, garlic bread, two dipping sauces, and a drink for the bargain basement cost under $6 dollars!  The kids menu comes with (2) strips, one side, small drink, and one dipping sauce.  We ordered the fried chicken strips meals (2) adults and (2) kids meals with macaroni & cheese.  Niece #1 decided to go rouge and ordered the french fries with her meal but after being "forced" to try the mac & cheese it was all over as she began sampling the mac & cheese from all of our plates.  Niece # 2 asked "How did they get the macaronis to taste so good?"  This is a question I am sure the gang at BFGs gets a lot.  For first timers I would recommend each getting a different preparation of the chickens to share... we had a rookie mistake that won't happen again.  I will keep it short and sweet.  This is the real deal Holyfield.  Visit BFG's.. tell them Dana sent you.   To Jin - how about we expand and open up a second location on our side of town ... or perhaps a food truck?  =)
4	The Skinny: great fried and grilled chicken with awesome unique dipping sauces with some so-so sides(4) Service: even though it's counter service, you get the warm and fuzzies when the owner makes it a point to get to know you (5) Value: a great plate of food (plus fountain drink) for only $5.75 plus get your 10th combo plate for free? - bring it on!(5)Planted in a rather large strip mall, this place is rather inconspicious. Situated next to the Home Depot, there were plenty of people even at 1:30 on a Saturday afternoon waiting for their plate of fried goodness.  And what a plate of battered deliciousness it is!Combo meals ($5.75 each) are easy. Choose your style of chicken (baked, fried or grilled) and your side (grilled veggies, salad, mac 'n cheese, french fries). Each meal comes with two house-made dipping sauces, a drink and garlic bread. We ordered two combo meals - 1 plate of fried chicken with a side of mac 'n cheese, 1 plate of grilled chicken on a bed of salad  and tried 4 different sauces. We also returned for a second run to try their fries and 3 other sauces (neither my hubs or I like Ranch).The grilled chicken was wonderfully succulent, and had a nice flavour and texture - very similar to Korean barbeque. Fried chicken had a perfect consistency - tender and juicy on the inside with a lovely golden crispy panko crust on the outside without being too greasy. It had a perfect ratio of coating to meat and completely satisfied our cravings.The other attraction is the interesting combination of sauces they offered. We tried teriyaki, BFG sauce, buffalo, honey mustard, wasabi cream, sweet thai chili, and bbq sauces. Our favs: the honey mustard had a bit of a nice hint of heat to it( as mustard should) while the sweet thai chili offered a lovely combination of spice and sweetness. My hubby, who loves wasabi, adored the creamy concoction.The reason for the 4 stars is probably the sides. While the salad was wonderful (the veggies were incredibly fresh) and the fries were great, the baked mac 'n cheese was only okay. The cheese sauce, perhaps little too generic tasting for us, but it's prepared well with ample amounts of cheese topping and perfectly cooked macaroni. Definitely comfort food. The garlic bread was flavourful but lack the density of a nice slice of bread.These are really minor quibbles and I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for some good eats at a fantastic price. The variety of the menu really makes this place a crowd pleaser especially with the healthier options. This place definitely gives other casual dining places (ahem! the Golden Arches) a run for its money.Finally, the staff made a point to get to know you and make sure you have a good experience. They are more than helpful with making sure you have everything you need (utensils, drinks - you name it). This place has the makings of a great neighbourhood joint and I can't wait to come back here again!
5	This place is awesome for several reasons:(1) Jin is super friendly and apparently remembers repeat customers!  That is pretty sweet.(2) The homemade sauces are sooo good (love the buffalo)(3) The chicken is tasty (even baked!)(4) The grilled vegetables have a great flavor(5) It's crazy cheap!Two combos: Fried with fries and baked with veggies, comes with garlic bread and two drinks = under $13!  I had baked but I tried the fried and both were excellent!  It was obvious that a lot of the customers were regulars.  In fact, Jin asked me if it was my first time since he didn't recognize me.  That kind of service goes a long way, especially in this town.  Will definitely return to BFG, and not just to see if Jin recognizes me next time!  :)
5	This place has only been around like 6mo and I hope they stay. The menu is simple and everything I've had is great. My fav is grilled combo-grilled chicken with skewered veggies + every combo comes with 2 dipping sauces- my fav's are wasabi cream, sweet chili, and honey mustard. They run an "item of the week" and if you catch the chicken nachos= awesome. Family owned, Jin the front man remembers everybody!! Super props
5	As soon as I walked in these guys were on! The owner (Jin?) figured out ASAP it was my first time there; I guess cuz I actually looked at the menu! Anyways, I ordered and he shot the breeze with me since I came in some conspicuous clothing, he asked me what it was all about. It was super chill. I tried the honey mustard and sweet chili sauces. The sweet chili rocked my socks! The food is great; I only wish I hadn't decided to try this place while I'm coming off a particularly bad case of food poisoning. I can't eat as much as I would want. I kinda felt bad about not finishing my food; my Asian upbringing kept reminding me of all the starving kids in (insert parent's choice of guilt trip). The punch card is awesome, giving me eating goals is always a good idea. BFG, I will be back! (once my stomach can hold down food)
5	I LOVE Fried Chicken!  Fried Chicken is my last meal on earth and my deserted island food choice.  That being said, I am also a natural bone in person.  I like the occasional boneless piece of chicken and BFG is the best spot in Las Vegas to get Chicken strips and the only place I would go for them. Tastes better than "The Chicken Lady" in LA.
4	OMG, this place is amazing!Baked,Fried .Grilled.Those are your options for their delicious chicken. The menu is plain and simple. You have a baked options which comes with some of the most delectable mac and cheese you'll ever eat, ever, emphasis on the EVER! The grilled (for you health nuts) comes with grilled veggies. The fried comes with French fries. You can order any type of chicken and choose which side you'd like. I recommend the mac and cheese; believe me, you'll thank me later.There are several types of dipping sauce. Their honey mustard is off the chain! It's sweet and savory all at once. The BFG original is tasty, too, it tastes very similar to Thousand Island,My only beef with them is that their hours of operation aren't that great, but I am sure with time and demand they'll extend their hours. Definitely check this spot out for a quick, tasty bite if your in the Spring Valley neck of the woods.
5	One of my favorite spots!!!
4	While I've never encountered a combination of foods which included macaroni and cheese, baked chicken, and a slice of garlic bread...I am happy to report that I am not opposed to it.  I like having the option of choosing the method whereby my food is cooked.  I wish other establishments would offer the same.  I also like having pictures to accompany the menu so I know what I'm getting into.  The service was top notch; the owner recognized the fact that it was my first time at BFG. Customer service is incredibly important to me and the owner did a fine job of building rapport.  I am a fan of the BFG and sweet chili sauce which complemented the baked chicken well.  Mac and cheese was creamy and cheesy, a treat considering the boxed stuff I was raised on...I'm sure you know what I'm talking about.  Thanks to the owners for a great lunch experience.  Will be back again!
5	I think I'm in love. Seriously. Raising Cane WHO? The Grilled and Fried strips were my favorite. AMAZING! The baked Mac n Cheese was like Velveeta on crack. The garlic toast mmmmmm . Wish it wasn't so far from my house, but well worth the drive!
5	*Best Chicken Strips in Las Vegas*Really enjoyed this place, easily some of the best chicken strips I've ever had. They have a simple menu but it is by no means limiting with the various options you can mix and match your meal with. BFG lets you know everything you need to know about the chicken choices Baked, Fried, or Grilled. Once you chose the chicken you have the tough decision of which of the 9 dipping flavors to choose from; Wasabi Cream, BBQ, Ranch, Buffalo, Honey Mustard, Sweet Chili, Teriyaki, Cheese, and BFG (their house dipping sauce). And finally accompanying each meal is a piece of toast and your final decision between a side of Mac n cheese, grilled vegetables, or fries.Now let me start off by saying that all the different types of chicken are delicious. I was a bit skeptical about the baked chicken but let me tell you, they know how to do it right. Whenever I picture baked chicken, it seems bland but at BFG they spice it just right to give it a kick in flavor. The grilled chicken has a bit of sauce giving it a unique flavor setting it aside from the baked. And finally the fried chicken is amazing! These aren't your run of the mill chicken strips you get at a bar. You'll notice the difference immediately due to their use Panko instead of regular batter which I love because it gives the chicken a nice crispy texture with just the right amount of breading. Now the sauces are really up to personal preference. and the majority are pretty run of the mill so I'll just get into their "unique" sauces. The BFG house sauce has a very light undertone flavor resembling thousand island and other flavors that will need more tastings to get down. The sweet chili sauce is an asian style sauce with the spices in it working very well with the sweet flavor of it. I was very surprised by how well the sweet chili worked with the chicken. When I first saw and smelled the Sweet chili sauce it seemed like it did not belong next to chicken strips, but when you take your first bite of a chicken strip covered in this sauce it will all make sense. It's a delicious flavor explosion in your mouth with the sweet chili enhancing the flavor of the chicken. Easily on of my favorites. Now the wasabi cream is pretty straight forward, it tastes like wasabi. But it is not nearly as overwhelming as actual wasabi and it has none of the burn. It is another surprising flavor that I have not seen anywhere else and that taste delicious.I haven't gotten a chance to try the grilled vegetables but to me the mac n cheese and fries were not really anything special. And the toast tastes like toast. Also every week they have a new special which I have yet to try any of so when I get a chance I'll update my review.Overall good service, good food, and decently priced. There really isn't much else to say other than if you haven't tried BFG yet, try it!
5	This place has the best chicken stops.  The crunch on the fried strips makes them that much better.  We had the wasabi sauce.. My fav..  Buffalo.  Very good..  And the sweet and spicy.. Also very good.  The wasabi has a mild heat.  Nothing to be afraid of because it also has some sweet to it..  The Mac and Cheese ROCKS!!!!
4	Based on all the 5 star reviews I was expecting magic chicken strips breaded with crack. But, no... just regular chicken strips. I'll admit they're good... we got two orders of the baked strips (one w/ fries, one w/ grilled vegies) and one kid's order of the fried strips. All were tender and juicy... I liked the flavor from the marinade on the baked strips... really good fries... great service, Jin checked in on us a few times making sure we enjoyed everything. This place is a much better option than going to Raising Cane's, esp. w/ the baked strips option. I just don't know if I'd drive across town to come here. Still good food, though. 3.5 Stars.
5	Excellent. Got fried chicken with fries and garlic bread. Fries were perfect. Chicken was moist, not greasy at all, and the panko very tasty. Got sweet chili and BFG sauce. Sweet chili was so good, haven't made it to the BFG. Very cheap, not even $7 with tax. For what it is, this place has it figured out. Really friendly customer service. I will definitely be back and bringing friends this time.
5	I heard of this restaurant from yelp, and I was in the area finally, so I couldn't pass it up. It was an extremely small place, and I only worried about finding a seat once I got my food. The tables were all filled up. The cashier, very attractive cashier Jin asks for your name to call you when the food is done. The food didn't take long, and a table came open just in time. Perfect timing! The handsome cashier walked around the tables asking if everyone was ok and enjoying themselves, and also cleaning up. As he walked by me, he asks me by name if everything is ok. He remembered my name from the order. He said "You forgot an important part of the meal" and brought me napkins I had forgotten. Now talk about customer service!  I was already wanting to visit this place again just by that humble moment lol. The food was hot and delicious. It seemed like such a small portion, but once you started eating it filled you quickly. It began getting busy and I can see why. This food was excellent and affordable. It was such a simple place, and seemed to be doing just fine with business. I hope to see more of them all over Vegas one day. I am a fan and will return.
5	SUPER tastySUPER friendlybaked strips and mac and cheese are killer...
5	Tried this place for the 1st time today and I have to give it 5 stars. Jin helped me at the counter and was helpful in suggesting sauces for my #3 combo ( grilled chicken & grilled veggies). For the amount and quality of the food I got, I am certainly impressed and satisfied.  Their grilled chicken was flavorful and the chili and wasabi sauce I chose went awesome with it. I got an additional side of the mac and cheese, which was a big mass of cheesy goodness. Oh man, I can't wait to come back and try their other types of chicken strips and sauces. So I definitely suggest anyone who's hungry and on a budget to give this place a shot, because it might just become your new best friend. I think it might have just become one of mine! Woo HOO! Thanks BFG for being nice to my wallet and my stomach. *high five*
5	Good food.  Good service. Good prices.  The chicken was moist and flavorful.  The Mac and cheese was perfect. The garlic bread was soft and flavorful.  The service was super friendly.I usually would stay on the strip when visiting Vegas, but I would go off the strip for this place.
5	There really isn't much else to say about BFG that hasn't been said many, many times prior.The food is as delicious as it is simple.  The service is incredible and when I had to move back across the country I felt bad that I would no longer be able to give Jin my money anymore for his delicious chicken strips.The chicken strips are great whether you get them Baked, Fried or Grilled.  I was always partial to the Fried due to the breading being so crisp.  The Mac and Cheese is wonderfully cheesy and stays hot and gooey for a very, very long time.  They offer a wide variety of dipping sauces and you really can't go wrong with them.  Pick as your mood/taste dictates.The weekly rotating specials are also all very good choices to get.  I am partial to the nachos but the Bi Bam Bap is also fantastic.There's a reason why BFG has consistently ranked in the top few spots for food in Vegas.  What it does it does extremely well for the food and Jin goes to great lengths that are no longer common at all to make you feel welcome and valued as a customer.  Its really strange to see how customer service has more or less died but it makes it easy for a well-run place like BFG to endear itself to so many Vegas dwellers.  I look forward to the next time I am in Vegas so I can get some fried strips, mac and cheese and hopefully, it'll be chicken nachos week.Before we moved I was unable to eat here one last time due to surgery and had to watch my wife enjoy one more Bi Bam Bap from there while I drank an Ensure.  A tough thing to endure.  Actually, as I submit this review I see its chicken nachos week and it pains me to know I can't get any, well, barring a 2100 mile flight/drive...
5	The food here was AWESOME!! The service was extraordinary! Everyone knew my name from the moment I placed my order and they checked on our a table a few times. The chicken was juicy and moist, they have about 8 or 10 dipping sauces to choose from. My friend had the mac and cheese and loved it!This place is a definite must if you're visiting Vegas!
4	I have been to BFG several times now after finding it on Yelp....and overdue on my review.  We have tried the baked, grilled and fried chicken strips.....all of the styles were very good and everything is cooked to order.  I love the sides....but the marinated vegetables are really awesome.  There are about 8 - 10 dipping sauces to choose from and although I love all of the ones that I have tried....the wasabi cream sauce is my favorite!!! I drive from Henderson and it is well worth the drive.....although I would love if they would open more locations around the valley.....maybe Henderson will be next?  ;-)  This place is a great example of having a great product with great service!!!!
4	Awesome.Highly affordable awesome value and taste!This place was one of the biggest surprises on our recent Vegas trip.  We had seen the high ratings on Yelp prior to our visit so the wife and I had to make a stop and I'm glad to report that we can't help but concur with all the positive praise for this place.Chicken strips...what more can I say.  You can get them Baked, Fried, or Grilled.  We both decided to build our own combos and seeing as how we were on vacation and not worried about being healthy, we opted for the fried strips with baked mac & cheese and garlic bread.The strips were crispy but not heavy like something you'd get from Popeye's or KFC.  The breading is definitely more panko crisp than buttermilk batter crunchy.  Delicious and moist.The baked mac & cheese was awesome as well.  Very hot when it shows up at your table but once you're able to dig in, cheesey explosion and tender macaroni are headed your way.  I like how the macaroni noodles themselves were tender without being mushy like KFC's.  The garlic bread was a nice finishing touch and not something you'd typically expect from a more fast food-esque establishment.You get your choice of 2 dipping sauces and we chose BBQ, Sweet Chili, Buffalo, and Wasabi Cream.  Two words: WASABI CREAM.  Perfect.  You get a slightly spicy wasabi flavor without being over-powering and the creamy texture helps smooth it out.The food was so good that we stuck around and added an order of fries which were perfect as well.  Golden, crispy, and lightly battered.The service was awesome and the staff super friendly.  The guy who took our order was very nice and engaging and was making sure to check up on us as well as the other patrons which is refreshing to see in a small establishment.I'm happy to say that we will definitely be making this a regular stop.  At about $12 to feed 2 people with awesome food, how could we not?!
5	Dood...The bestest chicken strips in Vegas, forget about the rest! The buck stops here, o sooooo tender n juicy inside, crispity, scrunchity outside with the Panko flakes.The fries are goo too! Mac n cheese a bit too cheesy for me but if you like cheese u will luv it! 3 ways to get em folks.....B akedF riedG rilledGrilled veggies are delicious, yummmmThey have weekly specials also:Watch for the hot chick $2 not gonna find that deal at the local stripclub.... Chicken nachos? U guys r killin me....Why do you do it, BFG?!?
5	The food is four stars because but WOW! The customer service is superb which bumps it up to 5 stars!
4	Great service!  Good food!  And did I mention GREAT service?  The owner knows almost all of his regulars by name and order.  I have no idea how it does it, but it's really cool.  All of the staff are incredibly friendly.  The food is great too.  Try all three varieties of their strips... they are all good in different ways.  Some of their sauces are better than others, so just try them out to see which one works for you.  And get the mac and cheese!  It is sooooo good!!
5	c'mon guys.....Bibimbap?Really?Just when I thought i've seen it all.....you guys throw out Bibimbap as the weekly special?I gotta say you have to be very creative to pull this off and to offer this in a chicken strip joint.... I can't believe it, even my co-worker who never had Bibimbap or Korean food to say the least tried and LOVED it, although he couldn't remeber the name of the dish (weak sauce) he showed me a pic and I was like dat looks Korean to me!I must say I'm impressed!  GOOD JOB BFG!!!!!!  Can't wait to see what's next.....as for the rest of the menu.... excellent!  even the grilled veggies are the BOMB!  I've had the Fried and Grilled chix so far.....up next is the baked.as in the Highlander..... "there can BE only one"and BFG is it.....  just eat it.......!!!!!!!!!!!!C
5	Best chicken strips in Las Vegas!!!!! The wasabi cream and sweet chili sauce is where it is at. The service is great, they just need to open a location in Henderson so I can eat there everyday.
5	Perfect recipe for success:  #1. Great-tasting, freshly cooked food to order, #2. Recession-level pricing, #3. Commitment to customer service going so far as to try to get to know every customer on a first name basis, even first-timers.I hope BFG is here to stay and based on the foot traffic when I ate there, my guess is that they will be.Jin warned me about the temperature of the mac & cheese.  These little subtleties make such a huge positive difference in the overall experience.
5	Who ever trained these people customer service skills, need to teach the rest of this city!! I was so amazed how friendly the staff is at this joint. Even if the food sucked, (which is doesn't) I would come back just to be treated the way they treat their customers. I love the concept of the Baked Fried or Grilled. I got the Baked and Fried and I definitely will be back to try the grilled. The mac & cheese is by far the best I have had in a looong time.  Great place for something quick to eat.They make it a point to say goodbye to you by NAME, when you are leaving. I will be back!!
4	I love this little "mom and pop" chicken joint! The owner is super nice and friendly with all the customers, the setting is reasonable considering its size, and the FOOD FANTASTIC!... I'm going to make this short and sweet (like me ;b) :Chicken: Baked, Grilled, FRIED (being the best, PANKO, similar to Hawiian style breaded chicken, friggin DELICIOUS)Flavors: WASABI, BBQ, Buffalo, Honey Mustard, Sweet Chilie, Teriyaki, Ranch, and HOUSE STYLE SAUCE (YUM)Signature: Hot Chick (like a hot dog and chicken sandwich put together, try it! on $2) Price is not bad at all for what you get and of course they have other items like salad and oddly enough their own unique style of MAC n CHEESE, which was also very good :D
5	Another great meal thanks to Yelp reviewers, without whom we never would have found this cool little shop. We had lightly-seasoned baked and panko-crusted fried strips with a variety of sauces, fries, and macaroni and cheese. So delicious we all wished to have a branch locate near us in our distant cities. Kudos to the friendly staff and their great cooking.
2	It is what it is. Needs some fine tuning but it's nothing special one way or the other. It is better than McD's.
5	Just got back to San Diego from Las Vegas and had to yelp it.  Their fried chicken is so light with what must be a panko crust cooked to perfection.  The wasabi cream sauce was the best with the sweet chili coming a tight second.  Mac and cheese very decadent.  I had the fried chicken with salad and came back a couple days later for the weekly special of a teriyaki bowl.  The family loved their picks too!  Very friendly service and the price was right.  The Thai iced coffee kicked butt!  The only bummer is the styrofoam containers-were they biodegradable?  If not, go to reusable or recycled paper or plastic.  These guys know customer service as they stayed open for us when we got there at closing a 8pm.  If you have a car in Vegas, check them out- easy to get to.
5	the main guy who works there is super friendly and helpful!Pretty simple menu. Do you want baked, fried or grilled chicken strips?If you are a fan of Mac N Cheese.. you need to order their mac n cheese!!Cheap eats
4	Good food, convenient location and friendly staff.  Sounds like the perfect little chicken joint!  The menu options were great...I got the grilled chicken with mac 'n cheese, and he got the baked chicken strips with fries.  I have to admit the baked version were a lot better, so I would go with those next time.  I really liked the ambiance here, plus the food was great for a weekend lunch stop!  We will definitely be back to try the other options!
5	Pretty tasty .. Super friendly staff... And very affordable .. Will be coming plenty of times.
3	3.5 stars.I have had BFG on my list of "must try" for awhile and we finally ventured in last week.  We ordered take-out and ordered the BFG trifecta. 1 Baked meal, 1 Fried meal, and 1 Grilled meal, and selected 6 different sauces to accompany them.  We live less than 10 minutes away and the meal was still fresh and piping hot by the time we laid it out on our dining table.  Everything tasted pretty good, but didn't wow my taste buds like I had expected.  My husband preferred the fried chicken and baked mac n cheese, while I preferred the the grilled chicken and grilled veggies.  The extra .5 is because the service was awesome, and it truly is an amazing value- and because of that, I will be back.  Besides, I still need to try their specials!
4	Toss those chicky nugs from McD's into the bin, because there's a far, far superior place to get your hot chicken infusion on.  I really like their combination of great prices, delicious baked mac 'n cheese, and amiable staff!  Plug it in next to a gaming shop and it's like my secret nerd heaven.I recommend going with the fried chicken with baked mac, especially if you need a last meal before death (it is pretty rich, it might serve as executioner!)  Baked strips didn't really seem large and in charge, mostly noodly. Also, never say "chicky nugs."  People will laugh at you.
5	I went a bit out of my way to try this place out, and a definitely was not disappointed! Awesome, solid service deserves 5 stars and the good food deserves 4.5. Picked a build-your-own combo, loved their mac, and the fried chicken was yummers! I also tried their special of that week (bibimbop... Sorry about the butchered spelling), and it made me wish I had a bigger stomach.
5	Fabulous service. Chicken was great...as were the fries. We're from Phoenix...so this is  a definite stop next time we're in town.
5	This place is great.  The best thing on the menu is the mac and cheese.  It's baked and rich and aboot the best mac and cheese I've ever eaten.  All three chicken styles are great my personal choice is baked, with wasabi cream dipping sauce and sweet chili sauce.  The staff is wonderful, Jin who is always there at the counter is always friendly.  This is great comfort food with a reasonable price, and a kind staff. Eat here, or else.
4	BFG or Baked Fried Grilled delivers on every level.  Admittedly, I have a bit of  problem when it comes to any place to eat.  I always feel the need to compare anytime I eat at multiple places that offer the same types of food.  Prior to coming into BFG, I frequented Raising Cane's quite a bit.  At the time, I believed Cane's to have the best chicken fingers around.  In my opinion, they still do.  However, BFG has more variety and variety is the spice of life.  Here's what I mean:BFG offers a wide array of sauces, six to be exact.  I don't remember the names of all of the sauces that are offered, but I know that I was pleased with the Wasabi Cream and the Sweet Chili.  Cane's offers one type of sauce and not much else.  I ordered the Number 2, which included four fried strips, fries (crispy and delicious) and a side of garlic bread, all for around $6.00.  I was also able to sample a baked strip, which was good and a side of their mac and cheese which was creamy and very filling all on its own.   The Chicken Nachos were also good (my friend ordered these, I swear I'm not a total fat-ass).  I am most impressed with their options.  They also offer baked or grilled strips and replace french fries for vegetables, a very good choice for those on a diet.
5	Okay, enough already!  The Husband has been loving this place since I brought him here (thanks Yelp!) and he can't get enough!BFG...it stands for Baked, Fried, or Grilled if you missed that part.  The menu can't be any simpler - it puts In N Out's menu to shame.With five combos to choose from and a create your own combo, it makes ordering super easy. Their fried chicken strips come in a four count and they are special because they are panko covered and deep fried.  Yes, that makes all the difference.  But wait, there's more beyond the chicken!  I'm talking about the wasabi cream dipping sauce that we can't get enough of.  Sure, there are other flavors and you get two with your order, but we're all about the wasabi cream!  Yum!  I've also tried their grilled chicken and was impressed with how moist it was.  Next time I'll have to check out their baked version.Of course, I have to mention their individually baked mac and cheese side, right?  They are so gooey and hot, and that's what you call a serious baked mac and cheese.  They definitely got that right!  A little more work on their end but definitely appreciated and worth it!  Or if you must, you can have grilled veggies or fries as a side.And there's still more to rave about - the garlic bread is good too!Another perk - loyalty stamp cards!  Yes, that's right!  You get a stamp for every combo meal you order, so it's easy breezy to get a free combo meal with this plan!  And finally, I cannot say enough about the customer service there.  Jin is the nicest guy around - not only does he make a honest and sincere effort to know who you are (and remember your name), but he also comes around to check on you if you're dining in.  They really make you feel at home and special and I have to give major props to that alone because it really makes a huge difference.I also have to give props to the rest of the staff because you don't have a lazy bunch working here.  They are always coming around to wipe down the tables, push in chairs, offer free dessert, and just make sure you're happy.  Their only real fault is that their location is too small!  But that only means they should open a few more locations to make our lives easier!  Yes, that's right.  Check out their weekly specials too!  They have a great thing going on here!
4	Wow, a huge number of reviews about this place, and yet I only heard about it this past week.Went in with the hubby on Thursday night. Decided to try it on a whim. I had the #1 special and he had the #2. Everything was fantastic for the most part, so I spoke with the owner a bit, took a few menus and away I went. The next night I came in with 2 more people and ordered again. That's some damned good mac and cheese! The only thing I can't figure out is why people are raving about the wasabi cream dipping sauce. It was ok, but not really that good. The sweet chili is MUCH better.I hope these guys stay in business for a long time, and don't raise their prices too much. It does need to go up a little bit, but stay low enough to keep it being worth me driving 15 miles for!
5	Thank you Yelp for broadening lunch place list.  This place is delicious.  In general, baked chicken worries me because I never know if I'm going to get a a dry piece of chicken.  However, the baked chicken strips here were moist and well seasoned.  They were so good that I almost ate all my strips without the sauce.  And then I threw in some wasabi cream sauce  that everyone keeps talking about.  It starts off so sweet... and ends with a kick to the nose!  Wow, what a great combination.  I think I'm in love.And finally... the mac n cheese.  I've never had anything so cheesy, gooey, and oh so delicious.  You can't beat the good and the price of this place.  I will definately be coming back for more.
5	Super friendly staff here as well as pretty damn good chicken fingers as we call them in the South.  I only tried the fried ones with the wasabi cream sauce which was pretty darn good too.  Support this local business instead of crappy chains! :)
5	the fried chicken strips are excellent.  also enjoyed their weekly special...at the time they had bim bim bap.  great homey service.  check it out.
5	Another great recommendation from fellow yelpers. Just an FYI this place was a little difficult to find in the shopping center since they are sort of at a weird angle. Came here during the lunch hour rush and yes it was pretty packed. I even had a hard time trying to find a seat. I ordered the number 2 with BFG and wasabi sauces. The chicken was really moist especially considering the fact it was baked. Also, nicely seasoned. The mac n cheese was absolutely amazing.  Gooey texture, while not being too overwhelmingly cheesey. Although I would of liked it more of there was some crunchy texture on top like crumbled crackers or something?  It actually came out piping hot, which I loved. The sauces were great as well especially since I'm a sauce kinda guy. BFG definitely beats Canes. I can't wait to come back and try the fried chicken strips. Bravo BFG Chicken Strips, you shall be seeing more of me!
5	One of the best places I've tried for chicken strips! Great customer service, prices are unbelievable. 5.99 for strips, two sides and drink! Variety of sauces to choose from. Would probably stick with fried strips,, best choice of the 3 styles, gotta live a little right?  :)
4	i would go much more if they were closer to me or if they delivered, do they deliver? lolthe chicken tenders were very good, a little on the light side of seasoning for me, but i appreciate that its veryyyyy obvious that the chicken is fresh and well prepared. the garlic bread was also very good, crunchy perfect amount of garlic/butter.the sauces were also very good, and made up for the light seasoning on the chicken.also, what was really impressive is that the sauces are homemade :)the only thing i didnt like (which they said isnt homemade) is the fries. maybe im just spoiled by homemade french fries :) but they were only passable at best. overall though your going for the chicken, not the fries :) impressive little place!
5	BFG...now THEY do chicken right.  Whether your appetite is calling for baked, fried or grilled chicken, Jin will do you right.  The menu is kept simple and sticks to what they do best.  There are several combos to choose from, but I think many will customize their own meal: choose your chicken, your side and two sauces.  Easy peasy mac'n'cheesy!I'm a big fan of the grilled chicken.  The baked is easily some of the best baked chicken I've had and the fried is the most unique fried chicken I've had (thanks to the panko flakes used for breading).  But the grilled chicken gets you the grill flavor without drying up the poultry.  Go for the wasabi sauce to give your chicken some kick.With your chicken you're given a choice of side, and you also get a slice of bread.  The mac'n'cheese is awfully cheesy in the best way possible, making it one of those foods you enjoy eating because you know you shouldn't be eating too much of it.Service here is great, with Jin checking on all of his customers during their stay.  He's a really personable guy, seemingly remembering every customers name once they step through the door.  (He remembered my name after one visit!)  The one thing that bummed me out in the past was that my BFG cravings always came on a Sunday, the one day they're closed!  Fortunately, Jin has sensed this disturbance in the force and will be fixing that in the near future...
5	My husband and I were on our way to dine in at the Pizza Hut on charleston and antelope last night, and discovered that it was permanently closed :(   we had to find an alternative route fast, as our one year old was hungry and getting cranky.My husband found this place on his phone and the ratings were really good, so we decided that trying something new is always good.wow...the food was amazing!    The chicken was cooked perfectly, it was not heavy or greasy and it felt like the perfect amount of food.we ordered the grilled chicken meal with the mac and Cheese and an order of the baked chicken with fries, and just decided to mix and match pieces from each plate. the Mac and cheese was to die for and the sauces were really good as well.We shared a bit  of everything with our one year old. He scarfed everything down...he loved it :)Not to forget .....on top of the great food, the service was amazing as well. Jin checked on us twice, and even sat down to talk with us for a little bit.  He is the nicest guy and you can tell that he cares how the customers are doing and if they enjoyed their meal. In small restaurants in this town, great service is very hard to find. We were very happy with our choice, and will go back there again in a heart beat.BFG... Keep up the good work!
4	VERY good, Customer service is second to none as well. Highly recommended!
5	This place is awesome! My boyfriend Charles and I just drove 4.5 hours from California and it was 7:40pm and we were out-of-it and starving. We were going to take our food to-go as BFG closes at 8pm, but the owner Jin was soo nice and understanding, he still let us eat-in. I mean the hospitality was AMAZING...and so was the food! Chicken strips can be easy to dry out, if not done right, but man...whether it was fried or baked these strips were always moist and seasoned just right. My boyfriend loved the fried because he loves panko breaded chicken :)  The mac n cheese....ohhh gooey cheesy goodness. Actually baked in the oven.well, long story short, we were in town for less than 48 hours and we managed to come back and eat here twice! Thats how good it was. It was the best $6 meal I'd had for as far back as I can remember...The simplicity of the meals is what makes this place best...The chicken is really the star here. Plus, the portions are perfect.  Fantastic food at a fantastic price...oh it was AWESOME.Thanks Jin! Next time were in town, we'll be back  :D
5	The food is absolutely amazing, from the chicken tenders to ALL the sides!  I've had the garlic toast and mac and cheese, and they were both very yummmy!  The service is the best, especially since it seems like the owner knows all of his guests, even if you don't frequent often.  I would definitely come here more often if they weren't so far away.  They have these weekly specials that they update on facebook that always looks very delicious.
5	A perfect place to get good food awesome customer service at a cheap cheap price. This is my new favorite lunch spot.
2	The food was basic, good, and fresh. However: the friend chicken strips were bland, the mac and cheese was too greasy and gooey, the fries were "meh" and the sauces seemed to be nothing special at all. Now that being said, it was not bad, just not good.
3	I didn't quite love this place as much as fellow Yelpers, but then again maybe it had to do with ordering the baked strips instead of the fried ones.  They were good but didn't make me go wow.  I had probably over hyped them for myself when I heard stories about the sizes of the strips. Not one to dwell on the negatives though, the mac and cheese was delicious as was the side of chicken nachos that were on sale that day.  The owner was friendly and made sure that service was great.  Last but not least, there's definitely a good selection of sauces, so if something is not to your liking, next time you can try a different one!  While I wasn't a fan of the Wasabi Sauce, the BFG sauce was particularly good.  I look forward to coming back and trying some of the different styles and sides at least.
5	Well, what is there to say that hasn't already been said?I love BFG!! I like their simple menu, and I have to say that my favorite is the fried chicken strips because they are coated with Panko, which are Japanese style bread crumbs. I also love the baked Mac and cheese, which is always hot and creamy! The combos are reasonably priced, comes with the right amount of food, and includes a drink. They have nine different sauces to choose from, which is great! What really stands out about this place is the customer service. Jin is just awesome! He is very friendly, talks to all of his customers, and tries to remember everyone by name. You have to admit that it is rare to see that level of service anywhere nowadays! Don't forget your stamp card! Buy 10 combos, get one free! You can also check their website for weekly specials.
5	Great food. Baked Mac n Cheese is delicious.  Definitely try the Wasabi Cream sauce.  Can't wait to go back.
4	they do have good fried chicken strips and the mac and cheese are good as well.The baked chicken strips are good but, def not tasty as the fried chicken strips.The grilled veggies were boring and could have been more creative but, can't complain for a meal under $6.It's sort of hard to find but, if you are in the neighborhood you should def give it a try.
4	BFG was amazing! Fellow yelper Ramil B. introduced me to this place and it was awesome. BFG stands for Baked, Fried, Grilled which are the 3 options for how to have your chicken strips. They have a variety of sauces to accompany including "Wasabi Cream." Sides for the chicken are fries, grilled vegetables, garlic bread and mac&cheese. There's something for those who come just to stuff their face and something for the more health conscious.The owner, Jin, is super friendly and he definitely makes it his mission to have a relationship with each of his customers.The artwork on the walls are cute and inviting.This is a great mom&pop shop. A definite cane's replacement. In fact, they are even cheaper than cane's! I LOVE THAT!Speaking of canes, I could choose BFG's garlic bread over Cane's texas toast ANY DAY, HANDS DOWN. The garlic bread is smaller, but it tastes way better.Only downfall, it's nowhere near my house. HAHA.
5	I'm so glad I finally got the opportunity to try this place out today!I came with my mom for a late lunch after a full day of shopping. We shared the grilled chicken strips with veggie skewers and the fried chicken strips with the baked mac n cheese. Everything was out of this world delicious and the service was so incredibly friendly and welcoming. I'm a big fan of the fried strips, but I think I almost liked the grilled ones a little better. The mac n cheese was phenomenal and super duper cheesy. Just how I like it. They have an incredible sauces too! My favorite was the wasabi cream. So perfect!The food was incredible, so was the service and on top of all that the prices were beyond reasonable for the quality and quantity that you get. Winner winner, chicken dinner! I'll be back... and soon!
5	The BEST chicken in Las Vegas! Very affordable and very healthy. They have the best salad for $6 in Vegas.I honetly think they need to raise their prices!... Yes its that good!!!
5	Mac and Cheese was awesome! This place is really good.  It is worth the drive if you are just visiting Vegas, and if you are a local, what are you waiting on?  Try it already!!!
4	So i tried this place recently going off the reviews I have seen and omg I see why every ones giving it 4 or 5 stars this place is awesome!The chicken is good quality very juicy and tender and the breading on the fried chicken strips is different and unique very tasty. You get your choice of two dipping sauces i got ranch and the BFG sauce both were very tasty and as my side dish i got the baked mac n cheese mmm mmm good. This place is a hit they serve great food, fast service, at a great price I will definitely be returning here again!
4	After a barrage of phone calls from my brother who was introduced to BFG (by our sister and BIL), Hubs and I just knew we had to check it out.  Sadly we didn't bring our little guy with us (he had plans!) but we did pick up the Baked Strips and Mac n Cheese to go and that lil bugga MOWED down the mac n cheese en route to the airport...and asked for MORE!We chose their fried strips and grilled strips and both had to admit that their fried chicken strips are the best that we've ever had.  The coating on fried strips are light and flaky, exactly how anything battered really should be. We sampled their wasabi cream (yum), buffalo, ranch and the BFG sauces...all delish!Their french fries are amazing.  The Hubs was giving me a stink eye the entire time since I was hijacking those fried potato morsels and in reality, I should have opted for the less healthier choice rather than their grilled veggies (I'm not a fan of onions!).The garlic bread is yummy, very nicely flavored.  A big standout really (aside from the food) is service.  I am not high maintanence by any means but I really did enjoy having Jin come by and check on us.  I noticed that he greeted everyone that walked in and took the time to chat with the patrons in there which made it such "welcome to our place" feeling.  THAT you have to love.  Jin gets major props for just being awesome.Would be come back?  Yes we have to now since our lil man tasted the mac and cheese and the the strips and is addicted now.  And for the record, now that we are back home, our lil guy was more than happy to know he had some chicken strips to bring for lunch to school.
5	I think macaroni and cheese with fried chicken strips is one of those unsung, tasty food combinations.  And here it is done perfectly.  The panko breading was so light and crispy.  Mix in a little wasabi cream sauce and you will be in heaven.If you are looking for something light, they offer grilled strips with grilled vegetables.  I didn't try these because I can't say no to fried chicken with mac and cheese.  All the combos come with yummy garlic bread. TVs were playing the football game.  What else can you ask for really?
5	Really good food for a great price
5	The food here is pretty good. The mac and cheese is creamy and the chicken strips are awesome. The service is good and the price is fair. They have a bunch of sauces as well so there is probably going to be something for everybody. If you eat inside they have whatever game happens to be on which is great.
5	This could possibly be my favorite place to eat in all of Vegas.It's located in a strip mall on the NW corner of Charleston and Rainbow- which is right in my neighborhood, making it one of the only restaurants I frequent near my home.The owner, Jin, is seriously the friendliest person I've met. He knows everyone's name- seriously, everyone! He always remembers me and everyone else who comes here, which makes us all keep coming back!So now, about the food.. These chicken strips are delicious. I've tried all three varieties. The baked have so much flavor, and the grilled are great too. My favorite is the fried. These are not your typical American chicken strips- battered, sodium laden, and fried. These chicken strips are panko breaded and fried to perfection- coming out steaming hot, crispy on the outside, and perfectly moist on the inside.I like to pair my chicken strips with a side of their incredible mac and cheese. They make it extra special by melting some fresh cheese on the top of your portion- adding some texture and oozing cheese fun!Their french fries are great too, crispy and flaky. They obviously know what they're doing, unlike in-n-out burger, whose fries are chewy and flavorless.Their choices of dipping sauces beat the pants off any fast food restaurant, especially your average McDonalds or Chic-Fil-A. It's fun to experiment with different flavor combinations with your strips- and it'll keep you coming back.The prices are also extremely low. You will leave here satiated for only a few bucks. The thing that impressed me was how you can add more strips to your meal for low price as well. And an extra side of mac and cheese is only a buck fifty. Score!!Try this place- it's more than a hipster teenager hang out. To me, it's the best bang for your buck in Vegas. If you're looking for some good food cheap, BFG is your place.
4	I'm a huge fan of chicken fingers, so I'll be a bit more critical. I liked the fact that they have healthy alternatives and an easy set-up for ordering, but I wasn't blown away. The service was excellent for a tiny sit-down quick stop type restaurant, but other than that, that's all that was memorable.
4	I know part of the experience is the customer serverice here, unfortunately we got our food to go, fried chicken with Mac n cheese, and grilled chicken with fries. We ordered teriyaki, buffalo, honey mustard, and BFG sauce. My favorite was the honey mustard and BFG for the fried chicken and teriyaki for the grilled.The fried chicken is breaded and fried like fish and chips, it was really good, the mac n cheese seemed like Krafts with cheese on top and baked.. It was really good that way. Fries were awesome, found myself dipping them in the BFG sauce a lot! The garlic bread is not Texas toast so just expect French roll style garlic bread. I love Cane's chicken too what makes this stand out is the choices. I think I'll try the nachos next go around.
4	Pretty good and good prices.  Kind of busy! And the mac and cheese is delish
4	Really 3 stars but the owner is sooo nice I'll round up! This is a small fast food joint with solid food. The chicken is great; both the fried and baked are delicious. Are the the best chicken fingers I've ever had? No they are certainly not, but satisfying none the less! The mac and cheese is hot and bubbly, though I don't see what all the fuss is about. Maybe because so many places make nasty mac and cheese here, we're all excited to see a place that doesn't mess it up? It's good but not life changing, world shattering, slap yo momma, marriage material mac and cheese. Again the owner was so sweet and checked on every table. He knew regulars by name and could spot a first timer from a mile away. Extra star for service! All in all I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come here except maybe for a quick mac and cheese fix, but would definitely stop if I was driving by.
5	This restaurant was one of the best macaroni I ever had and the fried chicken was good. I first thought this was going to be Like any restaurant that makes okay meals but it made excellent meals. If you ever tried Kane's and like Kane's, you are going to love this. They had a pretty normal menu so I stuck with what I know is good and that is fried chicken with bread. But if you are to buy anything you have to buy the macaroni since that turns the restaurant from a 3 star to a 5 star. Its not a fancy restaurant  and it has foam cups but it is a fast food restaurant .its right next to a comic store. Just to tell you when I was walking I looked inside the comic store next door and grown men where playing dungeons and dragons with there costumes on and I  can't believe that they were grown men. But anyways you should  try this restaurant if you want to try something new.
4	As far as fast food goes, this place is pretty good, hence the four stars.  Don't expect anything gourmet, simply fried chicken tenders and some homemade sauces.  I liked the wasabi sauce myself, that was the best thing about the whole experience actually.  The owner of the place was there handling the cashier.  Pretty cool guy, and  I really like supporting local businesses.
5	Came here with my boyfriend. I'm a fan of raising canes but my boyfriend kept telling me how good BFG is so we drove ten miles just to get there! I ordered baked mac & cheese and chicken strip combo! Wow! The chicken strips are so juicy and delicious!! I like the panko coatin. It's so light and you don't feel greasy at all. Fries are hot and crunchy!! Love it so much:)) I had BBQ sauce and chili sauce. BBQ is no different than that BBQ sauce,sweet chili sauce is surprisingly good!!! For the baked Mac & cheese, I love the mozzarella topping. All food are reasonably priced! The only con is it's too far from where I live ;( the store owner Jin is really friendly too, as mentioned in other review! Will definitely come back when I'm around that area!!!:))))
4	I love BFG's panko fried chicken strips! It reminds me of the fried seafood mix I used to eat at Osaka's in San Diego. They just fried up scallops and fake crab sticks instead....sorry back to the chicken! It was crispy and tender on the inside. I tried the Wasabi and the Honey Mustard sauce. I enjoyed the Honey Mustard more because it wasn't bitter like the Wasabi. I also loved the veggie kabobs which were full of flavor! I ordered the Mac and Cheese as an additional side but I couldn't finish it. It was creamy and cheesy but too salty for me. I just have a low tolerance to salt.I liked the idea that you can come here with someone  who is health conscious aka my husband. You can totally order healthy items like grilled chicken and veggies. It's a great alternative to typical fast food places like KFC.
5	While I was out getting ready to go to a party... We wanted to eat first "just in case", and we were right. (There was food at the party but mainly drinks. The food wasn't finished being cooked till after we left.)  So anyway, back the restaurant ...The people who work there are super nice, they always get an extra star for going out of their way. (I think his name was Jason) We ordered 2 Hot Chicks, fries, vegetables, and two drinks. The price came out to be a little over 10. The Hot Chick was great if I wasn't trying to watch my figure I would have ate 2-3 easy. While the food is not gourmet, nether is the price, but still taste great! I hope they make the Hot Chick part of their menu. I was thinking when looking at the menu that they should expand it, like adding Chicken sandwich and Hot Chick to the line up.
5	I party in Vegas alot and this is always a must when I'm here. Whether its a pregame dinner before drinking and clubbing or as an early lunch before drinking at the pool parties, the food is on point. Give me some grilled strips with mac n cheese and I'm ready to roll! Some of the best and friendliest customer service you could also experience as well. I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas Memorial Weekend :)
5	Found out about this place through my older brother. Definitely has one of the best chicken strips out there  and their mac & cheese was to die for :) You can pick a sauce of your choice but I would definitely recommend the wasabi cream ( if you have no problem with wasabi). The chili sauce was good too. Great food, reasonable prices and great service!
5	The best chicken strip in townSorry for the raisin cane, I tried both, but BFG is the best in town not you guysAnd the owner of the BFG, Jin, is super friendly and super nice. The best thing about their customer service is they they remember all of their customers' names really amazingI went there all the time when i am studying at csn charleston campus
5	I love this place. It gives me an understanding of how things used to be. The owner goes out of his way to know everyones name. The food is outstanding and comes in portions that the body is SUPPOSED to intake at one seating. Great friendly atmosphere. Even if the food weren't so amazing, I'd go just to hang out with Jin (owner). Two thumbs and one big toe up!!
5	A few years ago, we stumbled into BFG after reading yelp reviews.  Every time has been simply fantastic.  The chicken is always perfectly prepared in whatever form.  Baked, Fried, or Grilled. (BFG get it?)   The perfection of the chicken strip, what ever the cooking method  would easily make for a 5 star review, but wait, let's talk about the mac and cheese.  Bubbly hot, silky smooth and simply delicious. From the first mouth searing bite to the bitter end of licking the bowl clean, it is simply heaven. Woo-Hoo this sounds good, but wait, there is a another layer to drool over, the signature dipping sauces.   My personal favorite is the Wasabi cream.  Just enough heat to bring the tears, but so good you can't stop.  Bring  a straw and love the burn.  The thai sweet chili is very unique with a mild heat and a multitude of flavorful back tones. The honey mustard is subtle and is a nice counterpoint to the more powerful flavors mentioned above.  If you prefer something a bit more mellow,there are several more varieties for your considerationWe have perfectly prepared chicken, exceptional side dishes and incredible dipping sauces, what else could you ask for?  How about an owner that is the penultimate example of customer service?  If you come in every day or once a year, Jin always remembers your name and what you like, he personally greets you and makes you feel at home.  It doesn't get much better than this
5	I just went this week end with a friend.  The food was great !  Price was better !!  Service was very friendly and quick.  The place was nice and clean.  I can't think of one thing to gripe about this place, it was great for lunch or a quick dinner.
3	Wasabi cream in the a baked chicken strip seasoned with a rotisserie seasoning. Was good. Panko bread crumbs on the fried one was missing something. Baked mac n cheese? Was baked mac n cheese. It was good. But how great do u expect it to b. I also had a try at their bfg dipping sauce. It was..hmm ok. A tangy thousand island is what they said it was. I will try something else next time. But this visit was average for me. Great idea but i think they have room to improve.
4	Here is my dream.  Take a certain texas garlic toast from another chain and bring it here to combine with the best chicken strips this side of the farm.  The fried strips had the lightest breading I have tasted.  The baked macaroni is cheesy with the perfect crust of cheese across the top.  They also have baked and grilled chicken (the B and the G of BFG).  They also have several choices of sauce, honey mustard, ranch, BFG (their take on russian), BBQ, and several others.Too bad their garlic bread is a small oval piece of buttered bread with garlic salt on top.  It kept this place from a 5 star rating.  That and how small the place is.
5	came here after reading all the yelp reviews... all i gotta say is.. BEST MAC AND CHEESE PERIOD. seriously, this is how god intended mac and cheese to taste like and if u havent had mac and cheese from here, u havent tried mac and cheese.. BOMB DIGGITY
5	Great atmosphere. Great mac & cheese!!! Decent prices. Small place wouldn't stay to eat there often but take out is quick and easy.
4	Awesome Mac & Cheese!SITREPI have to give mad props to both my Vegas Yelp-buds Anthony and Jade since they turned me onto the GREAT CHEEESY establishment BFG Chicken Strips while I was hangin with them in Vegas for the Yelp Convention back in May 2012.THE MAC MENUMac N' Cheese here is TRULY an ultimate "Classic American Eats", as a SIDE dish OR get a BUNCH like I did at just under $2 a pop, and why not? - I took them back to my hotel room at the Stratosphere one late night and make it a MAIN dish.  Mmmm, delish!SPECIAL PREPARATION!BFG Chicken Strips meets a cheesaholic's strict-standards of "cheesification".  They make incredible BAKED Mac N' Cheese in individual containers with a Mozzarella Crust!  (HOLY HELL.  I feel my arteries hardening with joy just thinking about this festive cheesapalooza!)THE LOWDOWNIf you are looking for a Mac n' Cheese fix, look no further.
4	Very good stuff! Had the fried strip combo which includes a side, dipping sauce and small drink. All under $5 bucks!Mac and cheese was also good stuff.All food was made to order, very hot a plus for me.
5	Food so good it put me to sleep. First time at this place and the food may have just made me a regular. Fried chicken strips were nice and crispy. The BFG and wasabi cream are awesome together, and separately try mixing it. The Mac and cheese is like crack. I wanted more after I finished it.
2	Decided to give this place a try based on all of the great reviews. Upon entrance, very clean. Service was quick and the staff were friendly. The food: I ordered the family pack which consisted of 25 strips (baked/grilled), fries, veggie kabobs, and mac & cheese. The strips were just ok. Nothing special. Mac & cheese was bland but I loved the cheese topping. I loved the veggie kabobs and TX toast. Fries were just ok. Tried all of the different sauces and my fav was the BFG & Honey Mustard sauce. Overall, I probably would not come back.
5	We had 2 4piece combos for ~14.- seems asian owned. great fried chicken! panko. tender. served fresh. better than raising canes. better deal.- baguette garlic toast?! from lees sandwiches? lol- crispy thin french fries. good portion.- mac and cheese. very cheesy! no kraft!- nice art! chicken is cute. - ice thai coffee? haven't tried it, but sounds interesting.- nujabes music in bg?! niceee :)
4	I've been there 3x already, and the owner never remembers my name. What's up with that? lol jk. Move over, Raising Cane's. I have found a new joint for chicken strips. Their menu is simple and limited, but you can't go wrong with anything there. You can choose your chicken strips to be baked, fried, or grilled, hence the name BFG. You also get to choose 2 sauces for your strips. I liked my grilled chicken with teriyaki sauce and the fried strips with their wasabi cream sauce. For the sides, the baked mac n cheese is to die for (sooo cheesy), and their shoe-string fries are really crispy and tasty as well. If you want to go healthy, choose the grilled veggies. PS: Please bring back the weekly specials! I miss the nachos lol
5	This place is all I really live for. Every time I get paid, it's the first place I come. I always get the 4 strip combo with fried strips and the Mac n cheese. It all taste good, gets you full, and is at a great price! I love BFG!
5	Five stars for the baked mac and cheese and wasabi cream alone. Everything else is good, as well.
4	Came from San Diego and brought the family again.  Phone recording said they were open on Sundays.  We went there.  They were not open.  Bummer.  Went on Monday, but I guess we missed the regular guys that work there.  Everything a bit dirty, and not the usual "feeling".  No daily special either.  Bummer.  All was good as usual, but I left feeling I should have got a salad too.  Wasabi cream and sweet chili dips are the best, still.  Iced Thai great the next morning.  Still loving the light panko crust and the kids are still loving the mac n cheese.  I think next time I'll buy extra and sell some to the conventioneers were with.  They still need to go green to much disposable stuff.  I wish they were open later.
5	I love this place!  I have been coming here for  18 months or more and is still one of my favoriate places for lunch.  The food is fresh and cooked to perfection.  I have tried all three chicken options but like the grilled the best.  My little girl loves the mac and cheese and french fries.  Service is always top notch.  Portion size is just right and for the price, a great value. Keep up the great work!
4	Here's the cool thing about BFG: customization.  Unlike Chick-Fil-A and Raising Canes, BFG is a small and quaint restaurant that can be easily missed, tucked away in a plaza, and doesn't draw a lot of attention, except for the unusual design of its exterior.  However, unlike Chick-Fil-A and Raising Canes, you make your order in steps, which allows for multiple combinations of your meal, and is something that I like:Step 1: ChickenYou can order either baked, fried, or grilled chicken strips.  I ordered the fried, panko-crusted, chicken strips.  I was surprised how small each chicken strips were (so if you're hungry, order the 4-piece combo).  However, what they lacked in size, they made up for in quality.  The chicken strips were very meaty, very moist for white-meat, and the panko-crust made the strips feel light and a healthier choice as opposed to flour-crusted chicken strips.  Hint: fried chicken strips go especially well with the wasabi cream sauce.Step 2: Side dishI've yet to try the baked mac & cheese and the grilled veggies, but the fries were pretty good.  I ordered to-go, so unfortunately, the heat and steam in the box made the fries soggy and less enjoyable, but I could still taste how potato-ey they were.  Hint: if you're going to order fries, don't order it to-go.Step 3: SauceBFG offers a plethora of sauces (Remember?  I like having choices).  I ordered the BFG and Wasabi cream sauce.  The Wasabi cream is hands-down the better of the two.  It has a touch of sweetness and a touch of spiciness, but is at a level anyone can tolerate.  I highly recommend it.  The BFG sauce wasn't as special.  It tasted similar to Thousand Islands.Step 4: DrinkNothing different from other fast food restaurants.  Although, I bet you can switch out the drink in the order for Thai Iced Coffee for a little extra.Last, but not least, BFG has especially quick service.  I got my meal in about 5 minutes.  Good food, fast service.
5	Love this place!   Best chicken strips in town.  My kids are addicted and I love how affordable it is.
5	outstanding second visit as good as 1st time excellent food great chicken strips people are so nice  would go again and again will tell everybody although they need a biger combo than 4 piece maybe a ten piece please
5	Awesome chicken, veggies and mac & cheese. My girls always want to come here and the remember your name. Great service great food...... Thanks guys.
3	Good food, decent price.  Many sauces to choose from.  If you are looking for a healthy and good finger, this is the place.
5	These are the best chicken strips I've ever had. I order the baked strips, grilled veggies and wasabi cream and chili sauce. It's fantastic every single time. Service is quick (which is good since lunch time is crowded). It's a very small place so be prepared to either wait for a table or just order to go. The bakes mac and cheese is also great, especially if you throw some of their buffalo sauce on top! You should try BFG, they're great.
2	Don't believe the hype! I won't say this place is awful, but it's nothing to write home about.I heard about BFG over a year ago, and I kind of forgot about it. It resurfaced in my mind a few days ago, and I just had to try it. Maybe I expected too much? I ordered the baked chicken. with the mac and cheese. Don't expect to just walk in and get your food in a minute or two. You'll be waiting a few, especially if they are busy. It's completely worth it though..  the food was still steaming by the time I got to my house in the Aliante area. I was impressed.My order consisted of baked chicken with honey mustard and BFG sauce, and the mac and cheese. The chicken was fine. Nothing that I couldn't prepare myself. The mac and cheese was completely disappointing! It looks so good from the pictures I've seen, but it was complete bland. A soupy mac and cheese covered in cheese. Boring! The best thing on my plate was the honey mustard sauce. That's kinda sad....The service is awesome. The staff is really friendly! I think I paid just under $7 bucks, which really wasn't bad. I just wish the good was better.
5	This place is great--I wish that we one in Denton, Texas!  We had fried chicken strips, mac & cheese, grilled vegetables, and garlic bread--all excellent!  I only make it to Las Vegas once per year on business, but when I do I plan a trip to BFG Chicken Strips!
5	You had me at Panko! Fried chicken strips with choice of buffalo or wasabi cream sauce, a side of fries and a drink... a good tasty meal deal. I'm not a big fan of wasabi in general, but this sauce had me dipping for more. It was kickin sweet and worth the try.Menu is simple, prices are great and food is tasty. Will be coming back for more!
4	Chicken with benefits... or maybe options. That is the essence of BFG. This is high quality chicken, with a bunch of sauces. Admit it, you know that sauce is boss. It can make or break the deal. Luckily, if it breaks the deal in this case - it's probably your fault.As the name says, you have options of baked, fried, or grilled chicken strips. I opt for grilled more often than not. I pick some veggies on the side, and I profit. I devour these plates. It is simple and delicious. If you're feeling a little less healthy than I am, you should definitely opt for fried, get a side of mac and cheese, and chow down. You always have a choice. Deep.Stop in! It might be a little hard to spot, being next to a Home Depot, but it's worth the search.
4	Panko crusted chicken strips are 4.5 stars!! Everything else is ok...Like many kids, our boys love chicken strips.  Dad and boys brought home the family meal while making a Home Depot run, so we tried it all.Nothing special with the baked and grilled tenders or the fries/bread/veggies.   The mac and cheese is pretty darn good though!  We had about 6 sauces and our favorites were the unique ones:  wasabi, BFG, buffalo and sweet chili.  We'll definitely be back for those panko babies!!
4	I had to see what the hype was about these chicken strips.  My friend and I stopped here on the way to the outlets.  It's a pretty small place with a few tables, but it wasn't very busy when we arrived.  I ordered four individual strips so we could try all of them, while she ordered the grilled strips meal with a side of mac and cheese.  The mac and cheese was really good!  The cheese on top was baked well, and the cheese inside was very creamy.  It's probably fake cheese, but I like fake cheese.  The strips themselves were very moist but a little small.  We tried the bakes, fried, and grilled strips.  My favorite was, of course, the fried.  The batter was light and crisp - I think someone said the breading is panko?  We got two sauce, the Chili Thai and the BFG sauce, which is similar to Thousand Island.  The Chili Thai sauce was dark brown rather than red and had a kick to it, but it was good.  I liked it more than the BFG sauce.  However, I do think that the sauce at Raisin' Cane's is the best.  We also ordered the Thai Ice Coffee.  My friend really liked it bc it wasn't very sweet, whereas I had to put more sugar in mine.  Thai Iced Coffee is  usually pretty sweet, but this one wasn't.  Overall, it was a good meal for under $7, though if you're hungry, you better order a bunch of strips!
4	Yummy. Had the grilled and panko chicken strips both very good. The grilled strips have a sweet honey marinade flavor. The panko strips were light, breading was not heavy or greasy. Tried the mac and cheese which was ok. The mozzarella crust on top was good but the mac and cheese part was a bit too rich in cheddar flavor. Tasted like velveeta. The grilled veggies weren't bad. A good healthy option. Even though it's off the strip, I'd go again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Really good! Fast, too! And, they are so friendly! Will definitely be back.
4	If you have a hankering for chicken strips this is the place to go!  Lots of options for dipping sauces and perfect atmosphere for kids!
4	B(aked) F(ried) G(rilled) .. ahh hah! ..BFG..The concept where you get to choose the way your chicken is cooked, baked, fried or grilled  sounded cool..!!...Im not  a big chicken strip eater but wanted to see what was the big deal about this place.Both Mr. B. and I  ordered ours fried. Since Im a fan of panko crusted anything this chicken strip was already a plus in my book. Chicken was juicy and flavorful.  The mac n cheese side was oozing comfort food, hot and cheesey.  My grilled veggies were good as well! Counter service staff was super friendly. The boss was there and true to the many reviews, he acknowledged and greeted almost every customer even though he was clearly busy. All I got to say is that both Mr. B and I are happy we did check this place  out while we were in the area. BFG won me over and now Im a fan of chicken strips, at least the way they are made here!
4	It's been a while since I wrote my initial review for BFG but I went back a few days ago and some things have changed so I'm updating.1st off, ownership of the place has changed so that was kind of a shocker because I was so accustomed to Jin and his awesome customer service. The new staff is cool and the customer service is average now but in my old review I mentioned that I felt like a friend or a family member rather than just a customer. That statement is no longer true. It is because of this reason that my rating has dropped.NOT TO WORRY THOUGH.Nothing about the food has changed. Everything I have said about the food before still remains true. It's still awesome and still worth the trip. Good eats fellow Yelpers :)
4	WINNER! WINNER! CHICKEN (STRIPS) DINNER!Looks like Raising Cane's just might have some competition! When you think of chicken strips, what comes to mind is deep fried battered chicken strips. Traditionally, that's what has always been known. But then this place turns it up a notch, actually two notches, not just by offering you FRIED, but also GRILLED and BAKED as well. It's not just your typical battered fried, but they use PANKO breading, which makes it very crispy on the outside while it stays juicy on the inside. At first I thought the GRILLED would be kind of dry, but with the first bite, I was pleasantly suprised at how tender and juicy it was with the taste of Asian marinade and honey.Same goes for the BAKED. It has a wonderful rotisserie flavor to it.As for the sides, you have BAKED MAC N CHEESE, FRENCH FRIES, and GRILLED VEGGIES. You can't go wrong with these selections but make sure at least one of your choices is the baked mac n cheese. Not only is it what you expect, but they also put MOZZARELLA on top of it!Of course you gotta have a sauce to dip you chicken strips in so here's the lowdown.You get your choice of 9 sauces. (in alphabetical order)1. Barbeque2. BFG3. Buffalo4. Cheese 5. Honey Mustard6. Ranch7. Sweet Chili8. Teriyaki9. Wasabi CreamThese are all self explantory except for BFG and Wasabi Cream.The BFG is there secret signature sauce comparable to Raising Canes. The Wasabi Cream tastes just like a sweet, cream cheese type of sauce with just a little bit of spicy kick of wasabi.Since this is the only location in existence, any time you are in the area, try to take advantage if you are close by. If you are gonna dine in be aware that they only have about 6 tables inside and about 3 tables outside. They are located to the left of Home Depot.All in all, I would definitely go back and recommend this place to anybody. Service was nice and they get your food out to you pretty quick. The one only negative I can say is that the strips are just a tad bit small. If you are really hungry, you just might have to order extra strips or sides to compensate. So what are you doing still reading this review? Go already! What are you, chicken? LOL.
4	Pros:Great customer service (friendly, prompt, social, stickers for children)Great prices ($20 for 2 adult meals, kids meal and 2 extra strips)Great strips (grilled and baked are actually better than the fried)Great sauces (sweet chili all the way!)Cons:Mac and cheese looks much better than it tastes. Pretty average actually.Strips are not very big (order extra).Overall a great place....I will be back on future trips to vegas.
5	omg best place eveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer. I love you bfg
4	Our usual trips to Vegas always include a stop at BFG but we were sad to discover on this trip that the ownership has changed hands.  Jin apparently sold the spot and has moved on.  Man, I'm seriously going to miss that guy, he was way awesome and made our chicken strip dining experience amazing each and everytime.Another negative is that the prices have gone up a bit.  But thankfully the food quality is still the same.  The customer service is definitely nowhere near the level that Jin provided and for that, it gets docked a star but the food is still solid and they still serve the best chicken strips in Vegas!Wasabi Cream still reigns supreme, GET IT!
3	Read the reviews and had to try it out, I liked the fact that they give you the option of baked, grilled or fried. I ordered the baked strips with a side of grilled veggies, and my husband had the fried fingers with a side of Mac and cheese. Pretty darn tasty! My husband literally inhaled the Mac and cheese. We had ranch and buffalo sauce for dipping and they were both good. We went right before lunch hour rush and it was already busy. It's not a big establishment and there's not many spots for seating. Because its so small, once it's packed it feels like people are hovering over your table while you eat, so I would say that's the biggest downfall.
5	I really wish I lived in Las Vegas. I would eat at this place all the time.This place has a small menu, and everything on it, they do right. The prices were incredible, too! We ordered a whole bunch of food, got plenty full, and only spent $14!Before I start, BEST GRILLED VEGETABLES EVER. Perfectly cooked, great grill marks, fresh, tasty veg. YAY!!! If you like spicy, grab the sriracha on the counter and squeeze it on the veggies. A-mazing.The fried chicken strips, with a crispy panko crust, are the best. Our next favorite were the grilled, followed by the baked. They were all plenty good, though!Their sauces were awesome. Loooved the honey mustard. BBQ sauce was good!The baked mac and cheese is really cheesy--medium cheddar sauce, mozzarella crust. Rich, but it's a small side portion and ends up being perfect.Service was great too--the employees looked like they might be a bunch of punks, but they were super polite and courteous and even made friendly small talk with us as they came around and cleaned up tables! They even remembered that we were in town on a road trip when they came out and chatted with us about that. Good employees!!!Everything was so good. My stomach is growling writing this. Why am I 500 miles away?! We'll be back next time we're in town for sure. Wish they did desserts! I bet they'd do really good ones.
4	This was a fun little place that has a testy thing going for it. In Las Vegas in early December for the Rock n' Roll Marathon we discovered all the things a chicken can do! Ok, not ALL but many ways one can choose to cook it. BFG means baked, fried, grilled and I surprisingly really liked everything ordered. Here's the run down, baked and fried chicken, both moist and good flavor. Baked Mac n' Cheese, comes in a small mini pie tin. It's very cheesy! And unexpectedly the best item was the nachos! Really good. Tip: ask for a side of BBQ sauce and drizzle it on top of the nachos for a little more enjoyment. The owners name is Matt, he said he was "Chicken Charlie's cousin!" He's VERY friendly.
4	Good food!Went with the fried and grilled sets.  Both were good, but I liked the fried ones best....the breading is soft and yummy, and chicken is tender on both.The real winner here are the sauces.  If I was eating everything without the sauces, it would be pretty boring IMO.  They have a handful of sauces, and our favs were the wasabi and the sweet chili.  The honey mustard was good, as was the teriyaki.And the mac and cheese is very good!  Easily the best mac and cheese that isn't in a gourmet setting that I have enjoyed so far.The baby loved all the food, and had tons of fun dipping into all the goodies here.  Should be a cool place to bring the little ones!And just like everyone else said, the portions of chicken are a little on the small side...the 4 piece combo filled me up for the most part, but don't expect Canes sizes or you should be ordering extra pieces.  They really just need to offer a 6 piece combo, and I think that will fill up most everybody.And the service for a fast food joint was very good.  Friendly counterstaff, talkative, and they even checked on us during and after the meal.  Drop something in their tip cup!We will be back :)
5	Truly one of the best little places in Vegas. Clean and well priced, this restaurant has a simple menu but everything is spectacular. I will admit, I'm not easy to please, when it comes to food, but this place is great.
4	Fried crispy goodness! I can't comment on the baked or grilled chicken because I can't get past ordering the fried! The breading is a very light panko mixture and it makes for some juicy chicken fingers. The sauces I'm still trying out, but the standouts are the BFG sauce, the teriyaki and the honey mustard. The accompanying garlic bread is consistently fresh. The mac and cheese comes out hot and gooey and tasting like homemade. It's a generous portion although it's so good I rarely leave any leftovers. My latest trip here was immediately following a 90 minute massage from the best foot spa and I must say it was a magical night! The price is perfect and there's never a long wait. The employees are overtly friendly and seem genuinely interested in you enjoying their establishment. What's not to love?
5	My new fave American food in town. My hubby and I like to search yelp and see what is a 4 1/2 to 5 star place and try it. No matter how far it is. That's what brought us from Henderson to Rainbow and 95. We were greeted by a friendly person who ended up being one of the owners, Matt. I noticed right away that he really did have a passion for what he does. I think that the most successful people differ from the others because of their passion. With his help, we ordered the family meal which more than fed me, hubby, syd, cam, and luke. And might I add that we are all big eaters and all have active Yelp profiles detailing our eating escapades (except for luke, he's 3). First, the baked mac n cheese was a revelation. I can make some good stuff, but this one closely rivals my own personal recipe. It's sooo delish. The fries and the veggies were stellar. The chicken comes in 3 styles: baked with rotisserrie season, fried with panko, and grilled with asian marinade. My hubby asked which I liked the best and I couldn't even choose. They are embarking on a catering biz, too. We have committed to Matt to use him for the whole next year of kid birthday parties. This is the perfect food for a crowd, or to drop into for a quick lunch. They are located next to Home Depot on the garden side. I would recommend them to anyone that likes homestyle food that's hot and fresh.
5	I can't believe how many times I passed this little place in the last few years. I worked 5 minutes away from this place and never stopped. I remember thinking chicken strips? What? Boo!  Instead of stopping at BFG, I ate at several other mediocre spots in the area. Shame on me for being a HATER!A few weeks ago, one of my coworkers had lunch at her desk and it smelled terrific. I peeked in, and asked what she was eating. She told me she was eating grilled chicken and veggies from BFG. She then proceeded to tell me that you can order your chicken baked, fried, or grilled. I then made it a point to review it on yelp and noticed all the wonderful reviews this place received. This past weekend, my family and I wanted to try something different. I suggested BFG, and off we went. At this point, I still didn't put it together that the place I was searching for was the same place I dissed time and time again. When we pulled up, I was like oh -this place? We ran in because it was freezing cold outside, and ordered the family special. We ordered 10 fried strips, 5 baked, and 5 grilled. I can't even make an argument on which version was better. I loved them all equally--just like my kids!  The baked chicken was seasoned perfectly, and no dipping sauces were needed.   I added a dash of hot sauce to the grilled chicken and I was in heaven. The best thing about eating the fried strips was the Chile sauce that was available for dipping. Oh man-that was good! The sides were good too! The baked mac n cheese was done perfectly, and the fries were crispy and delicious. The garlic bread was mediocre, but who cares!  I have never seen my kids eat so fast.... Co-owner Matt was super friendly and even gave us a sample of their chicken nachos to try! He mentioned that they were starting to cater on the side. Immediately, my wife booked him for our daughter's birthday in February. Oh, and my Son's birthday in April! Sorry Matt--you asked for it! I love this place! Chicken strips at their best!
5	I consider myself a regular here. (I'm not sure if Yelp does just yet!) I won't get into the details of how good the food is because there are so many other reviews that share sentiments that I can co-sign for. I will say that there is a noticeable difference in the environment since the new ownership has taken over. I like the direction and exuberance that the new guys have. The customer service is sincere and genuine and they constantly want to know what they can do to better serve their clientele. To me, these are signs of a successful business in the making. Well, it already is! Cheers.
4	This tiny little place is soon to become one of my favorite chicken joints.BFG stands for Baked, Fired, Grilled.  The chicken strips here are, obviously, served 3 ways...I have tried fried & grilled and I am impressed with the flavor.  The wasabi cream dipping sauce is divine.  As for sides, I have tried & enjoyed only the grilled veggies (2 skewers of zucchinni, onions, & grape tomatoes) and the baked macaroni & cheese.  Again, very good flavor & 2 kinds of cheese on the mac & cheese.  The other item I have tasted isn't strictly in the BFG category : the Chicken Nachos.  Refer to Angela H.'s review on this item of which I wholeheartedly agree.  After I have tried more items and the quality remains consistent, I'll probably upgrade my rating to 5/5...Last visit here I went with a 2 strip combo. This comes with 2 chicken strips (duh), one side, a dipping sauce, & a 12oz drink for $4.95 (I think).  I decided on the healthy route & got grilled strips (with some type of lightly sweet Asian marinade) and the grilled vegetables.  The taste was outstanding. The owner came out, knew the person I was with and remembered my face from my last visit.  He really wanted to know my name and it seems he is genuinely interested in pleasing his customers.Lastly, it is open until 10 pm every day, so you can get your eat on relatively late.
3	A few weeks ago my in-laws were in town visiting, including my mother-in-law who is the pickiest person on the planet when it comes to food. One night there was a special request for chicken fingers, which resulted in me bookmarking BFG for future enjoyment, since the thought of panko-breaded fingers was too much for her to handle.Last night the hubster and I were in the area, and decided to finally give it a try. We ordered a four and two finger combo, with four fried fingers and two baked fingers, one mac & cheese, fries, and three sauces - BBQ, BFG, and wasabi cream.I wish we would have had a dozen of the baked fingers - they were honestly that good. Extremely moist, well-seasoned, and flavorful. They were even better with a bit of the wasabi cream (although I was hoping that the sauce would be slightly more pungent.The fried fingers were a little disappointing. They were definitely crispy, and still moist, but I was surprised by the blandness. The BBQ sauce was pretty standard, but the BFG sauce was too sweet and 1000 Island-esq for my liking. The cheesy crust on the mac & cheese was nice, but I thought the noodles/sauce needed more seasoning.Overall, this is a solid place, and I'll definitely be back when I'm in the neighborhood - specifically to get the baked fingers, wasabi cream, and probably the grilled veggies.
5	You have to order the 6pc as they aren't so big. This place is all about quality, best tasting chicken strips I have ever had. The baked Mac is awesome.
4	The staff here are AWESOME!! I would come back just to visit them haha.I definitely enjoyed the food--the chicken was good, the sauces were varied and delicious. But I'm not a huge chicken strips person, so I can't get super excited about it. If you like chicken strips, you'll probably love it though!!
5	Okay, I've been going to BFG's since they first opened when I was in highschool and Jin still ran the place. A new management later and an improved menu, I'm still a die-hard fan of the chicken strips. Can't beat that, or their beer battered fries! Everyone who works there is super helpful and happy, and I love that they love their customers! They even remember names and orders, and post photos of customers on their facebook page. Very down to earth with out of this world food!
5	We decided to try this place after reading good reviews, We are glad we did.  The chicken strips are delicious,fresh,juicy made to order you can taste the freshness of the ingredients.  We met one of the owners, he was super nice and working just as hard as the rest of the guys there.  Since it was our first time eating there he offered to give us some  complimentary grilled chicken strips so we could try them since we had  ordered the fried ones.  After tasting we decided to order more and we also ordered the chicken nachos which were delicious too.  The place is very clean a little small though but that was not an issue since there wasn't many people when we went.  The portions are good. The mac and cheese is very good and fresh too. They are super nice and friendly and they care about their customers. I have to admit though we did feel a little out of place at first because their customers are mostly very young hip crowd. But We will definitely go back because they have good food at a good price.  We are soo glad we tried this place.
4	Thanks to my savvy yelping, I managed to to find this little gem when my friend and I were running to her bank on lunch break. While I was waiting on her, I hit the "nearby" button on the mobile app and BFG was right on top of the list.We were in a rush so I read her the last couple of top tips on the place... She ordered the baked strips and I ordered 5 fried strips a la carte with ranch and wasabi cream (yelpers know everything - thanks guys for the tip)..We took it to go, but drooled as we saw those dining in munching on their food. It was a tiny little place but the service was great (the guy that handed us our to go order - I really believed him when he said - Have a nice weekend).Our food was piping hot and super moist and crunchy. I really liked it.my ONLY complaint was I paid 40 cents a piece for the sauce and it was a tiny little cup that was barely half full. I mean - I barely had enough for 3 strips. Fill er up please for next time!!I am definitely coming back though - and ordering the mac and cheese because every table in there (lol so like 6) had some mac and cheese on it and it looked amazing.Definitely worth a try --- it was pretty awesome!
2	Unfortunately, this place isn't as good as it used to be, which is sad because it's convenient to a lot of places I have to go when I'm in the area.
5	Place was awesome, we came here for dinner on a weeknight so it wasn't crowded at all. We got to meet the owner and he was a super cool guy just doing what he loves. The chicken strips were awesome and the Mac n' cheese was BOMBBB. The sauces were perfect and there's nothing I could complain about this place. It's a small local spot so this place is perfect and will be back again.
5	The best chicken fingers! Every time I go in that place it's crowded. Great service and amazing food. Don't even think of getting any side other than the mac n cheese. You'll regret it! I've sent so many people there, and they all love the place! Can we get one on the southwest side
4	BFG-BFG-BFG!Baked / Fried / Grilled... your choice for the perfect chicken fingers is located right here at BFG chicken Strips...Located in a small outskirt strip mall under the bright lights of Sin City, here lies a delicious little chicken finger heaven!It's got little something for everyone!  You want to go unhealthy yet deliciously crunchy, go with the fried version... want it little healthier?  Go with either the baked or the grilled version!  Complementary partner?  The perfect mac and cheese!Lots of sauces to choose from!  Favorite was the wasabi cream!  I believe they also sell Korean dishes too as a special!Service is super nice!  Word around is that this place is the hit!  And guess what?  IT IS!So when you get the opportunity to visit LV... be sure to take a moment and try this little chicken finger joint out!  You won't be disappointed!
5	Did I really just drive 13 miles for some chicken strips? Sho nuff. This easily bumped the other contender in town off my list for favorite chicken fingers (sorry Cane's). If it's baked, fried or grilled you're looking for, they have it here. I had to go with fried, as I wasn't on my eternal diet at the time, I can't tell if they use panko or what but whatever it is, it's delicious. Tried the wasabi cream to dip it in and mac & cheese for my side, this was an all around comfort food win.
5	Great local place!! Check it out
5	The price is right and they are always super friendly.  My family loves both the baked and grilled. I love the sweet chili sauce and wasabi cream.  It's a small little place and there's a little bit of a longer wait for the grilled strips, but definitely worth it.
5	Great place for some amazing food! The customer service is amazing, Matthew the owner is absolutely great. He takes care of us everytime we come in. The food is fresh, inexpensive, and the portion is just right.Highly recommended!
4	There's new ownership, but the menu hasn't changed!Chicken: 2 pieces or 4. Baked, Fried, or Grilled. I always go baked or grilled, but I hear the fried is good, too, if you like that.Sides: French fries, grilled veggies, or mac and cheese. Or as we call it: CRACK and cheese! It's delicious, and it's my diet-killer! I *should* eat the veggies, but I always end up with the yummy baked mac n cheese.All that for under $7.Under new ownership, they have something new: REAL SUGAR SODAS! Yes! They're a little more expensive, but soooo worth it! And they still have the soda fountain and excellent iced tea options as well.
3	I see this place has a following and I don't know if I'm one of the many. Unless there's a separate group just for the creamy wasabi sauce, then yes. I'm in. The place is cute and little and the boys that were working there when my family and I stopped by were SUUUPER friendly and helped us out a lot since we told them that it was our first time coming in.I ordered the grilled chicken strips and my bf and baby got the crispy ones. The grilled chicken was delicious, I liked the panko breaded crispy ones and we ordered a bunch of sauces but none of them stood out like the creamy wasabi did. I honestly just want to go there and order a tub of that stuff so I can slather it on whatever I eat at home and other restaurants. Their grilled vegetables still had a lot of crisp to them (which I appreciate) and their french fries were......I can't remember. They're french fries. They were hot, crispy, and they had carbs.I liked that the macaroni and cheese has a crusty top, but when I ate a spoonful of it, it really didn't blow me away. I mean it's faaaaaaar from being the disgusting kraft mac and cheese with the gross cheese powder, but I feel like the Velveeta Shells Mac N' Cheese is better.Although they were pretty tasty, I didn't really leave the place excitingly planning out my next visit. It was sort of "meh" to me. Don't get me wrong, the place is great, friendly staff, and food is pretty good........buuuuut it just lacked something I just can't put my finger on.
4	I've seen pictures of my friends posting the food from here on Instagram and the looked amazing. I decided to try it out and I immediately became a fan. The staff is very nice and as a first timer, they were helpful with my order. I got the 6 grilled chicken strips with a side of Mac' n Cheese with Wasabi Cream and Sweet Chili sauce and they were delicious. The chicken was very fresh and hot right off the grill, the Mac n' Cheese was just AMAZING, very cheesey and flavorful. The wasabi sauce tasted just like wasabi (not as strong) when I was expecting some fake wasabi and they're just calling it that; but no, it was delicious. it was very  It's not too expensive, not overrated, and not too hyped like Raisin' Canes. I was very pleased with my experience here and I will definitely be visiting again.
3	Finally got to try this place with the kids,  wasn't terribly impressed Mac n Cheese was better than KFC and the panko breaded strips need a Lil salt n pepper.  Will be back for the the Mac though!
3	I used to go to BFG often with some friends after school. It was nice! The staff was cool, the strips were awesome and that mac and cheese! Yum!After they changed management, it didn't seem as... fun? I ordered my usual: 4 Grilled strips, Mac and Cheese, 2 pieces of bread (you can exchange one sauce for that) and Wassabi Cream. The cashier wasn't very welcoming and the counter felt cluttered with their BUY MY EXTRA DRINKS thing... Like, they sell other drinks in bottles and such. Yeah, I like the iced tea machine they have. That's nice. Sad to say, the chicken was dry, the food wasn't taken to us (I was spoiled before. Oops. :L) and the bread shrunk! It was alright. I still enjoy going here every so and so. I like their food. Their mac and cheese is awesome. Wassabi cream is awesome sauce. The wall is also awesome. It's so cute. :3
5	Real tiny spot with real big value for your buck.  Great food matched by great service.  We had the grilled chicken strips and the fried chicken strips.  Both were very tender and tasty, I couldn't decide which I liked better.
5	Recently tries this place out with my boyfriend (he's been there before) sooo good!! Will be going soon and recommending to my friends! I get the baked chicken with mac and cheese! so yummy and the food is always hot and fresh.
5	Why has it taking me SO long too get me some BFG? Thankfully I cam say finally got me some. Sure so many reviews not sure much more could add but think every great establishment can always use another great review! It all starts with the customer service and the personnel touch both co owners show from the minute you walk into BFG. It was my first visit so looking at the menu little confusing but he did awesome job of explaining everything too me. Very clear, friendly, and understanding manner. Each step you get choice way chicken cooked, different sauces (thinking just get one; my surprise get two choices!!!), and the sides. Not just one option but few options on the sauces and sides. If get the combo comes with garlic bread. I needed too add honesty earlier because I was looking too try as much things being my first time. He told me comes with the garlic bread since going too order one on the side. Little things or sense of personnel touch gets lost in restaurants. They have stamp card too. Woot! Woot! More reason too keep coming back for more.The chicken strips LOVE the breading anything with panko winnah. It such cleaner breading for any protein, just lighter and crisper breading outside. The meat is perfectly cooked, moist, and juicy on the inside. The sauces Wow so many too choose from need too got back try more. I had the honey mustard and the BFG. I fan of both. The sides looking at other customers going fries but it looked too good pass up. I was not disappointed. You would think fast food type of chain thinking mac and cheese. Not sure. The mac and cheese was da bomb. It was rich with the cheddar flavor, creamy, the pasta cooked al dente, and the cheese melted top it off was just perfect topping. All this for under ten dollar if that not steal of deal not sure what else there is in life. I went for lunch talk about packed. I had too wait too get place too sit down. It soooo worth the wait. They have couple tables on the outside too. I really like the artwork on the side once you walk in. It has personality of its own cartoonist style but on point too the theme of the restaurant. If never been too BFG or enjoy fried chicken strip must stop in Vegas.
1	So I have to eat healthy says my doctor & my high blood pressure. So I was told thru the great vine that BFG cooks up good chicken. God I hate rumors and this is a perfect example as to why I cant stand a bunch of she said he said they said we said. Looks can be deceiving this is a very true statement. Anyway once in side the BFG it was packed so I felt good that this was a good decision to come here. I'm thinking its so packed in here this is going to be so good. Boy was I wrong. So we order food yes the husband was with me. Chicken mac & cheese ( Please see my pictures) along with other items. I have to tell you guys this was nothing but a mind game. I am still asking myself how can the line be outside if the food does not taste like anything. Its flavor less. It taste like it came from a common school cafeteria ewww!It took me back to elementary, middle school & high school. I looked at my husband and said I should have packed my own lunch. lol On my way out I saw a sticker from YELP by the front door I wondered if I was being punked and I also wondered if Ashton Kutcher would jump out from behind a car with a camera crew. Some one fooled YELP this food gets a big fat zero I wish I could take the one star back. They get a negative zero. I'm still at a lost for words on how they got the yelp sticker on the door. (MAYBE IT'S NOT REAL)
5	Finaaaallly got to czech this place out and for once the hype is true.Tucked away next to Home Depot, this small mom n pop restaurant serves up some great fingers and sides with their own twist on the dipping sauces. You pick from 1 of 3 kinds of fingers - baked, fried or grilled (hence the name BFG and yea I just figured that out). The food is resonably prices and for $7 I was impressed at the amount and quality of the food I got.The side of choice seems to be baked mac and cheese which along any cheese-lover's dream come true. Custom made dipping sauces do not disappoint. The wasabi cream, and the BFG add a great kick of flavor to any panko crusted finger. The staff is super friendly, as first timers they were able to walk us through the menu and had their own recommendations. This spot is defitnely worth checking out if you're in the area.Oh and the giant chicken mural inside is AWESOME!
5	If chicken's could strip, they would be found at BFG's.  Their chicken is pure sexy deliciousness. I usually don't like white meat because it gets dry so quickly, but the guys at BFG do it right. Tender, juicy, and moist. You can even be fancy and choose 2 different sauces! Say what? yup. Give their sides a try. The veggies are yummy, and the baked mac and cheese will make you take your clothes off. Ok, not really, but you get the point.
5	The food was really good. It's close to my house. They support our local high school. So much going for the place, but best of all: best customer service I've seen in a long time! Love this place!!
4	So friendly!! :)This place is perfection! The menu is simple, the prices are on point and everything was delicious. I only wish there were more locations!
5	This place is awesome...It is located next to The Home Depot on Rainbow bet. Alta and Charleston.  By far the best chicken strips around.  Raising Cane..bah bye...BFG blows you away.  Not only are the chicken strips perfect (any way you order them...baked, fried or grilled) but they have the best mac and cheese and a ridiculous choice of dipping sauces...the two signature sauces are BFG and the wasabi cream (my fav)...this stuff has to bottled it is so good.  My husband and I just went back tonight after about a month or two and found out that "The Hot Chick" is  back on the menu...permanently.  This is a must have...presented like a hot dog (hence the name)...but sooo much better.  Do yourself a big favor...run don't walk to this place...you will not be disappointed...not with the food...not on the customer service...all top notch all the way.
5	BFG is OMG so effing good! the service is so good I think they are on something. lol. wonderful people who care so much so that I think they are the owners of the place. yes, all of them are the owners. Anyways, you get my point. I love going to BFG and sometimes I even take the family meal with me (Even though I'm single and live alone) I eat BFG for 2-3 days. the mac and cheese is to die for! my favorite chicken strips is fried though. second place is baked and third is grilled.All in all I highly recommend it. if Raising Canes need to worry about competition from anyone, its BFG Chicken Strips.
2	Not really sure why all the great reviews. I got the Fried strips. They were just ok. Without any sauce they are really flavorless. Much prefer Raising Canes. Had the famous Mac N Cheese...again just ok, no flavor. The BFG sauce was pretty decent. Would possibly go back if in the neighborhood and need some grub, but wouldn't go out of my way for it.
4	I feel a little guilty giving only four stars as the employees were extremely helpful and friendly. If I owned a business, I'd want my employees to be just like those that helped me at BFG.We drove here from the Strip because of all the good reviews (and my son loves chicken strips).The food was good. Four star good. Even considering that is a a good value, I can't give it five stars
5	OMG Yumm. If I keep eating here BFG is going to stand for Big Fat Girl. I've been here at least once  a week since discovering the place. I always get the fried strips which have a light and crispy breading that can't be beat. The chicken is juicy and fresh. The Mac And Cheese is the best I've had- Soooo cheesy and always warm. The garlic bread is a lovely addition and the BFG sauce is sooooo yummy and perfect with the fried strips. Prices for combos are really reasonable and always include a drink. The service has never been anything less than stellar- they are always sweet to my son and have a frequent visitors card. All in all, I LOVE this place and will continue to make the trip to the neighborhood to indulge. It's converted me, and I used to be a die hard Canes fan.TRY IT!
4	Great chicken strips.  My wife and I ordered the panko crusted fried and the grilled chicken strips, with Mac and cheese, garlic bread and dipping sauces. The chicken strips were very juicy and had a lot of flavor.  Especially the grilled ones. You're always skeptical about ordering grilled chicken because it's usually dry, these were far from it. The Mac and cheese was also delicious.  Very cheesy and a great crust of cheese on top.  Could have used a little more salt though.  Garlic bread could have just been left out.  Nothing special there.  Dipping sauces were the best part of the meal.  The wasabi cream was the best.  The sweet chili dipping sauce and the honey mustard had great flavor.  The BFG sauce was just a plain old fry sauce with a little extra acid. Overall a great meal.  We will be back.
5	I just dropped by here again this evening.  This place is always wonderful.  I live on the east side and make the drive all the way across town to enjoy this place!  I've never tried the fried strips, but the grilled and baked strips are both juicy and flavorful with their respected marinades.  The Mac & Cheese was on point, as usual; browned top layer of mozzarella covering a generous portion of creamy, cheesy macaroni.  The garlic toast is just so-so, but a thoughtful addition to the meal. I've tried most of the sauces, and I have to say that the Wasabi Cream is by far the best.  The Teriyaki is also a good compliment.  I plan to try the honey-mustard on my next visit!  I want to try the grilled veggies also... They look incredible, but I can never bring myself to part with the Mac & Cheese!
5	My wife and I love this place! Went for the first time yesterday. I got fried strips, she got  baked, and we added a grilled strip or a dollar extra. I swear you can't go wrong! All were equally tasty. Our favorite sauces were wasabi creme, and sweet chili. The mac and cheese is the mac and cheese of my dreams! They also offer vegetables and fries as sides. The service was helpful and friendly which is good because my wife always has a lot of questions at new places. Can't wait to go again!
5	My favorite place in town! The friendliest staff out there and by far the greatest chicken and Mac n Cheese in the world. I love The Thia Tea  and well Everything else about this place. It is the only place I have ever been considered a "Regular" in Las Vegas. If you haven't tried BFG yet you're totally missing out.
5	Probably the best decision I made a few weekends ago in Vegas.I had BFG bookmarked and was determined to get off the strip and stop in.  On a Saturday night I did just that. I was NOT disappointed in so many ways.The place gets judged by its outter appearance and even from what you can see through the window but that didn't detour me.  I seen the rating and did no care.I walked in with my mom and the employees were so nice!  One young male and one young female.  The female who was at the counter was so informative.  Not once was she rude, she was patient, and answered all our questions.  I wanted to try different types of strips but since the 4 piece meal didn't allow it she told me to get the kid's meal with 2 strips, a side, and then order 2 more strips on the side for about the same price.  I ordered 2 fried strips, 2 baked, mac & cheese, and grilled veggies.  She gave me regular size cup instead of kids size which was really nice of her.Man o man, the ride back to the hotel was torture!  The food smelled soooooo good! I pretty much ran off the elevator to the room.  I dived right in and did not regret one bite.  Everything was so bomb.  Fried, baked, mac & cheese, veggies, dipping sauces.I had the healthy and sinful side of this place and cannot wait to go back.
5	As good as it gets, pretty much sums it up. The chicken is perfect, sauces are great...wasabi cream is crazy good. Personal size Mac n cheese is fantastic...highly recommended
5	6 months later and BFG is still doing it right ;)
4	So BFG was created and owned by Jin and Tin who has now sold it to someone. Now, whenever ownership changes there is always a worry if it is for better or worse of the food and service. When a place that had a frontman bursting with personality that built a rapport with people, it's admittedly hard to not miss that. I am however pleased that the food is just as good, tastes the same. I got my favorite like always - the perfectly crisp fried strips, grilled veggie skewers or fries, honey mustard and wasabi. I like that the weekly specials like the hot chick and the nachos are just on the permanent menu instead of a weekly rotating special. No teriyaki bowl or bibimbap that I noticed being still on the menu. Sucks, teriyaki bowls here are great with the strips and I used to always order that. Service is efficient. They're friendly and smiley enough, but I guess things will never be the same if people aren't as personable. I know, I know. I sound like I'm whining over something trivial... Still, if you want some good basic comfort food chicken strips, this is where I go and you should too.
4	Good, fast & inexpensive. Definitely better than raising canes. I used to come here during my breaks from school since its so close. It gets busy during school hours but I've never waited longer than 10 mins. Great place to grab a quick bite to eat!
5	Finally, I received some tender loving! I have been wanting to come to BFG for the longest time. For those of you who aren't hip enough to know what BFG stands for, it means Baked, Fried or Grilled. You have the choice of choosing either of those three options. Upon walking in, I noticed that this placed had to be good because it was packed the whole time I was there. I ordered the 6 finger meal, which comes garlic bread, your choice of side (macaroni and cheese, fries or grilled veggies) and your choice of three sauces, too many to name right now. I got fried chicken tenders, mac n cheese and my sauces were ranch, BFG and the yasabi sauce.The wait for the meal was not long at all, before I even expected it I was already greeted with a tray of my delicious foods. It's kind of hard to ruin chicken tenders, but there was something about these tenders that blew me away. They were delicious and cooked to perfection. The panko breading was a perfect compliment to the succulent chicken that was surprisingly juicy. Although I got fried, I will go back and try those baked tenders because I looked at a strangers plate and they looked freaking delicious. I got 6 tenders and I could only eat 4 of them, they are sized just right and not too small or too large.I was super excited to try the macaroni and cheese and that was, admittedly, the first thing that I ended up trying. The M&C was baked in this generous tin and my gosh. Something so simple tasted so great. It had this layer of cheese baked right on top and I didn't want it to end, but my stomach did and I got super full really quick. But it was amazing.The sauces were great, ranch was ranch. The BFG sauce tasted something like Thousand Island but I LOVED the Yasabi sauce. It wasn't spicy or anything, but it just tasted great. I loved it and kind of gave it all my love with my tenders. I'd recommend this place to anyone and I'm glad I was able to visit one of my Yelp bookmarks after numerous failed attempts to go. If you go, let me know cause I am down!
5	Good food and great service. The chicken and the baked mac and cheese was really good.   The mac and cheese was creamy and had a nice crisp cheese melted on top.   I like the variety of sauces they had to offer.   The guy working the counter Matt, was very nice and helpful.
4	Chicken done right...the panko breading is really good and the baked Mac & Cheese?!!?!! And did I say "the price is right?!?  Definitely a good alternative to fast food!
4	I was searching for new places to try out; I came across BFG. I ordered the panko covered fried chicken strips and mac & cheese. The chicken strips were tasty but I had to wait a little bit so it wouldn't burn my mouth. The mac & cheese was good and creamy. The staff were friendly.
4	I think I am in love!!!After hearing about BFG Chicken Strips for months through the grapevine, I was finally able to get over there today and check this joint out.  And boy was I a happy camper once I got my delicious lunch!As the name states, you can get chicken strips baked, fried, or grilled.  I went for fried because is there really a choice when fried is an option?  So I ordered the 4 piece combo and went for the mac n' cheese as a side.  I was with my mom who ordered the same except went for the fries, so I got to sample both.  The mac n' cheese, as stated in so many other reviews, is simply amazing!  It was cheesy heaven with a bit of pasta thrown in to make it easier to eat.  Yummy!  The fries were right on as well.  Great crispy fries without being too crunchy.  They also have grilled veggies, but if it's healthy, I never get it, so I can't comment on that side option.A great addition to the food were the numerous dipping sauce choices.  I love dipping stuff into other stuff. The more dipping options I have, the better!  I heart condiments.  With that being said, BFG has 9 sauces to pick from to dip your delicious chicken into.  We went with the BFG, BBQ, Honey Mustard, and Ranch sauces.  All were good but I do have to say the BFG sauce really complimented the chicken nicely.  As for the Honey Mustard, they must put crack in it, because I am addicted.  I don't even need to dip anything in it because I think I would drink it, if I could.  I'm a classy chick, can't you tell?So yes, BFG Chicken Strips is a great hole in the wall place.  If you are in the area or love good chicken fingers, go check them out.
4	Wow this place definitely caught me by surprise... by how good it was.  We drove wayyyy west to try this chicken strip place on a Sunday afternoon for some late lunch.  The restaurant is in a strip mall near Home Depot and it can be easily missed.  Just drive along all the stores until you hit a square chicken head on a blue awning.The menu is pretty simple:1.  First you choose your combo, 2 pieces, 4 pieces,  or 6 pieces.  If you have 3 or more people the party platter of 20 seems like a good deal.  2.  Then you choose your type of chicken.  BFG baked, fried, or grilled.  The baked chicken was my fave, tender and moist.  The fried had a delicious panko crust.  The grilled seemed like the healthiest of the bunch.  3.  Next you choose your sauces.  This is when it gets fun.  The teriyaki goes well with the grilled.  The wasabi cream is unique sauce that is pretty popular.  My fave sauces have to be the regular BBQ and Ranch.  I love double dipping into those two and making it a mixture.  4.  Get a side.  Grilled veggies, baked macaroni and cheese, or fries.  The veggies were well seasoned and the baked mac and cheese was super cute in a baby pie tin haha.  5.  Last get your drink.  Very reasonably priced for good quality chicken strips.  The customer service here is great too!  The sauces definitely make the meal.  An awesome place to pick up some appetizers for a party.  I would definitely consider a party platter next time I have to bring something over to someone's house.P.S. You can add any type of chicken strip to your combo for $1 each.
5	Great food!        +Great Service!        =All you need!Flavorful sauces and delicious mac & cheese!
5	Read the reviews and tried it first in February, 2013. The food and service were terrific.  The value it incredible.  We like to go to local restaurants while on vacation. Came back August 17, 2013, this place is fantastic!  Tender, moist chicken strips with all but two sauces homemade.  Try the teriyaki sauce with wasabi.  The couple next to our table, from Seattle, they also found the restaurant on yelp,  but researched 'Best Mac & Cheese in Vegas'. The Mac n' Cheese is the best I have ever had,  individually made and baked to perfection.  Mat delivered each order making sure customer was completely satisfied.  Rarely do you receive this high level of customer service anymore.  Will come back every time I am in town.  The name is changing to Strip n' Dip due to name duplication with a fish restaurant in another town.  Doesn't matter what the name is, you will call it delicious.
5	Great friendly staff! It was our first time in here. Saw an article about this place in Las Vegas weekly a while back and have wanted to check it out since. I got the baked fingers and my son had the fried fingers. Both were very good (ya I stole a bite or two. Had to try it to review it right). We both got Mac n cheese as highly recommended by every other review and the staff. It was great!!! My picky eater even agreed! I was a little bummed they don't make their own ranch since they make almost every other sauce, I hate bottled ranch so I didn't even try. The cheese sauce is great for fries and I enjoyed the buffalo for my baked fingers. We will be back!
4	Quaint little place on Rainbow Plaza for some bomb chicken strips & Mac n Cheese? Count me in! Name has changed from BFG to Strip n Dip Chicken Strips, I'm assuming from change of owner? BFG logo is still on the big banner above the front door when I visited so just spot for that when you're looking for the place.Onto the food: Delish! Ordered the Fried, Fries w/ Teri Sauce & Strip Sauce while the boyfriend opted for Baked, Mac n Cheese w/ Wasabi Cream & Sweet Chili. Chicken was moist & tender. Can't go wrong with panko breading either! Fries were crispy not soggy just how I like it. Pretty good portion for the Mac n Cheese too. Considering you have garlic bread to devour as well. The sauces were all so good, it was like a game which one I'd dip into. As everyone here says, wasabi cream was the best. Immediate wasabi flavor but dissipates afterwards which I appreciate so it's not too overwhelming.All in all, great experience! Can't wait to go back and try the other sauces! Lol
5	food is amazing and the service is even better!  Definitely my new favorite close to home place.
5	great service and very cool dudes working there. we need a location out here in socal. best chicken strips ive ever had, with panko breading. wasabi cream sauce compliments perfectly. and that baked mac, im pretty sure i ingested some of the tin the baked mac is served in, just trying to get every morsel left of the cheesy crust. fried chicken strips were moist and tender and cooked perfectly.
4	Was in Las Vegas on business and need a place close to the office to pick up a quick bite to eat.  Happened upon this place due to the reviews I saw on here and decided to give it a shot.I'm glad I did!  I ordered the 4 piece strip meal, fried, along with the baked mac 'n cheese.  I'd like to consider myself somewhat of a mac 'n cheese expert, one of my favorite sides, and this macaroni was full of cheesy goodness.  Absolutely devoured it!  The strips were nicely breaded and fried to a nice golden crunch and both the dipping sauces I received, buffalo and honey mustard were quite good as well.  I wouldn't hesitate to come back and try some more when I'm back in town!
5	My love for chicken only heightened eating here..Amazing, you have a choice of grilled, baked or fried chicken strips. the Mac n' cheese is a must try ! And also chicken nachos. Although the place is a bit small the service from the employees & food make up for it.
5	Chicken strips, chicken sandwich... something chicken was what my husband and I were hankering for yesterday for lunch. Drive to St. George for Chik-Fil-A? Nah. Cane's? Hmm. Ah, so I consulted Yelp and up came Strip N Dip. I remember bookmarking this one awhile ago as BFG Chicken Strips. Apparently the restaurant has gone through some changes since then, and it had a stint where it was closed, but - it is back open and man, is it good.The location is a little odd, tucked into a shopping center sandwiched between Albertsons and Home Depot. It is small, few tables and a bar, with a few tables for outdoor seating. But the inside is cool with vibrant posters and a digital menu reader board. My husband and I both opted for the fried 4-strip meal with the baked mac and cheese. The mac and cheese reminded me of a little personal pizza sitting in my basket. When I dug in its ooey-gooeyness and delicious cheesiness was sublime! I think more people should put cheese over macaroni like they do. As for the strips - absolutely perfectly done. Juicy and tender on the inside yet fried to a crispy, but not hard outside. The panko breading I really enjoyed, my husband said he would have rather had a normal batter-like outside like Cane's does. *shrugs* Dipping sauces - I went with the Strip Sauce, of course, had to try that one and it is very good and addicting. And I opted for the buffalo because I wanted a bit of heat. Both good, but next time I'm definitely going for that wasabi one. The service was SO NICE! These guys are really trying hard to make customers feel very welcome. You could even say it is a familial vibe here.If you like Cane's, you must try Strip N Dip. Just for an alternative because they are really doing chicken strips right.
5	Color me impressed.  I decided to go to this place after much self-debate on what to eat, and I am really REALLY glad I went here.$4.95 gets you a kids' meal - 2 strips, 1 side, 1 sauce and a  16oz drink.  That's awesome, and is also the perfect size for me.  Of course they have larger, too!The BFG sauce is what I tried and I definitely liked it a lot with their tender, well-coated fried chicken fingers.  Downright delicious.For my side, I chose the baked macaroni and cheese... it is so creamy and southern that it filled a hole I didn't even know I had from leaving Texas.While the food is great, the customer service is on the same par.  Interactive, friendly, helpful but not to the point of invading your space.  They make it a point to remember your name and go above and  beyond.  Being in fanatical customer service myself, this gets crazy points in my book!For a future work lunch, I will probably try and convince them to cater from this place.  Yum!
4	Amazingly good chicken strips and phenomenal mac and cheese.  We met up with some friends here and were able to cobble together a table for 7 but otherwise, the restaurant is pretty small (and casual).  I decided to be healthier and get the grilled chicken strips while hubby went all out with the deep fried ones.  I have to admit, though mine were good (maybe a touch on the salty side given that you get sauces), hubby's were so fantastic, even without sauce!  Our favorite sauces were honey mustard and the spicy Asian sauce, combined with some good 'ole fashioned sriracha.  Who would have known chicken strips could be so wonderful?  The mac and cheese didn't hurt either - I can't remember the last time I finished and liked an entire serving of m&c.Service was great and I love the name - somehow Vegas appropriate lol.
5	The chicken nachos are great!! Finely chopped chicken loaded with cheese, sour cream, and pico. Yum!! The Thai Iced Coffee was delicious. Very reasonably priced place for good quality food.
4	Visiting the other neck of the woods I was in the mood for a healthy alternative to traditional fast food. I'm not a fast foodie by any means but dinner time ran late and this girl wasn't in the mood to cook. Protein on the go! Strip N Dip offers healthy alternatives to the traditional (and most often) delicious deep friend chicken strips.  I ordered the baked AND grilled chicken strips (had to quality control them both), and I was pleasantly surprised by their flavor minus the delicious sauce options.  A diverse selection of sauce options, veggies or carb-filled sides (mac & cheese, fries..) and garlic bread come with every order.For the price and the food quality it's a nice alternative to traditional fast food.The venue itself is filled with sass and the staff was nothing short of what customer service SHOULD be in this town.
5	This place is legit. Chicken is good, garlic is good and Mac and cheese is good. Only advice, eat slowly so you don't burn yourself like I did. Also, I hope they can give two garlic bread instead of one since portion is too small!
5	Really good chicken strips and darn good macaroni and cheese. Thanks to the really friendly staff for the suggestion of the Wasabi Cream dip. It is awesome and made me a big fan of this place. They offer the strips grilled, baked or fried, can't go wrong with any of them. All of the dipping sauces are great but try the Wasabi Cream.
5	What a gem this place is! I wish there was a location in the southwest side of town, because I would go there everyday. I like to compare this place to In-N-out..... not that it is the same type of food, but it is similar in simplicity! They only have a few items on their menu (like in-n-out). It's just genius. I hate going to places that have a billion items on their menu and it takes me forever to look over everything and then the food is blah. This chicken strip place is awesome! Get your chicken strips either Baked, Fried, or Grilled! Simple as that! And the fried strips are coated in panko crumbs, which makes it taste better then regular battered fried chicken. Their frys are as expected.....BUT the baked Mac-N-Cheese is what makes it.It comes in a round tin container, which doesn't seem like a lot, but it is plenty. It has this layer of cheese on top that is slightly burnt, not the gross burnt, but that slight cheese burnt. If you are a cheese lover, there is no denying this place's Mac-N-Cheese! It is also family owned which I love to support in this town! Lastly, their prices are reasonable, on the cheaper side. Its great that this place is in business. I hope they do well and open up more locations!
5	Simply amazing. The chicken is delicious fried, baked or grilled all very different and all taste amazing. Baked mac and cheese wow very good cooked to order fresh and hot. They make their own sauces and I must say another star I don't usually like honey mustard And I would come back here just for honey mustard lol but true it had the right amount of all ingredients. Staff is super friendly and welcoming and the environment is welcoming and very clean. Pricing is very affordable I would pay double food is so good. Thank you staff and management my family and I very much enjoyed our meals.
4	We bought the family deal, which was huge!  What an awesome deal, we were eating chicken strips for two days after.  Chicken is decent quality and sauces are tasty. Thumbs up overall!
4	Not Bad At AllOrder:4 piece fried combo, w/ fries, cheese & buffalo sauce4 piece baked combo, grilled veggies, wasabi cream & sweet chili sauceFried strips were very crunchy !!!!  Baked strips were tender & juicy.Grilled veggies were good, but a little heavy on the onions. Fries were crispy. All 4 sauces were good. My favorite sauce was the wasabi cream.
5	Amazingly good chicken strips and phenomenal mac and cheese.Me encanta el pollo era suave, jugoso, delicioso y que decir del Mac and Cheese.
5	If I could give more stars I would! This spot has my two favorite things: Mac n cheese and fried chicken!! I love the way the menu is set up, very easy to understand and easy to order. You can't go wrong with anything, everything is fresh cooked to order and the signature sauce is on point! I love how the location is not super big, the food comes out fast and the owner Matt is such a sweetheart. Def have to stop by again next time I'm in Vegas!
5	This is why I love Yelp. I had never heard of this place before and, considering it's proximity to my house, I'm not sure if I would've ever just stumbled across it on my own. But after reading some promising reviews and looking at some of the pictures, I knew I had to give it a shot. I'm so glad I did. It's pretty standard fare, but it's done really, really well. You can get the chicken fingers baked, grilled or fried, which is a nice way to mix it up and keep it fresh on future visits. We had the fried fingers, which are breaded in panko, and they were great. I love panko breading, but it tends to tear the inside of my mouth up. Obviously that's not their fault. I was just making note. Beyond that, like Raising Cane's (and other chicken finger joints), you get a side, sauce and a piece of toast. The toast, was okay, but nothing compared to Raising Cane's. I mean, not even in the same galaxy. However, they give you your choice of 2 sauces (unlike RC's). We had the standard (peach-colored, mayo-based) and it was quite good, the honey mustard and it was really good, and the buffalo and, let me tell you, it was absolutely delicious! I can't wait to try the others. All of that being said, I would probably give this place 4 stars. That is, of course, if I was to ignore their macaroni and cheese. That was easily the high point of both of our meals. It was perfect! Creamy and cheesy and rich and oven-browned on top, this, my friends, is the real reason to eat here! I could probably write another paragraph on the virtues of it's cheesy, delectable glory, but I will spare you. Hell, I couldn't do it justice anyway.The last thing I would like to mention is how friendly the lady who took our order was. She was smiling and friendly and helpful and personable...and I'm a little embarrassed that I can't remember her name...especially after she remembered my wife's while checking on us. Sorry about that. Regardless, I am very, very happy that we found this place and I highly recommend it to everyone. (oh yeah. 1 more thing. it's small, REAL small inside. so be prepared to take your order to-go)
5	All I can say is you can have your chicken bake, fried or grilled! And every way is the best to have... I was visiting with my family from out of town and stumbled to this place. I wanted to come again the next day but we had a flight out. Recommend this place to everyone for clean, great tasting and affordable food. The manager Matthew took care of us and he was excited about his new coke machine they installed. Go check it out!
2	They put in a fancy soda dispenser and, in order to compensate for the new expense (along with "rising food costs"), have dropped the drinks from being included in their meals. I only got the Gold Peak tea to begin with, so the machine doesn't do anything for me. They also raised the prices of the meals to add insult to injury. I removed one star for removing drinks from the meals and one star for raising the prices while simultaneously giving less. Probably won't be a regular here any longer. The days of BFG are over. Just doesn't seem worth it to support this place anymore. The kid at the counter is still really great with customer service though. He's always friendly and attentive. Just don't like the direction this company is headed in. There are plenty of other places to get my chicken fix.
5	Great chicken. Great sauces. Even better service!!! If you dont stop here, you dont like the finer things in life.
3	Ima keep it real: this place was average. I got 6 baked strips and the Mac n cheese. I feel like anyone who puts time and a little effort into making their own would be much more satisfied. The owner was there and kept asking how it was and we were polite. Place is clean and cool decor. Just don't go in and expect to have overly great strips, sauces and sides. After eating there I wanted to go to Raisin Canes to do it right.
4	Never having the original BFG, I finally got down to the new Strip N Dip to enjoy some high quality fast food!  This little place apparently remodeled, and the inside is very hip.  They have a fancy digital coke machine, and big trendy posters on the wall.  It feels like a restaurant down on the Strip.  If you have trouble finding it, it is next door to Home Depot, to the south.  I ordered the baked chicken strips, with the mac n cheese, and chose the wasabi and strip dip as my two dips, all under $8.  The chicken was juicy and tender, very good!  The mac n cheese was awesome, perfectly caramelized on top and not overly rich in the cheese department.  The sauces were bang on as well, especially the wasabi.  It was lightly sweet, but still gave that classic wasabi nostril burn! I am definitely coming back, especially considering it is pretty close to my house.  I want to try the fried chicken strips, but at the same time this is a good healthier alternative to my Raising Canes addiction.  I also met one of the new owners, a young man named Matt.  He was very friendly and obviously cares a lot about the quality of his establishment and getting the word out.  If you haven't tried Strip N Dip, give them a shot!
4	I went here with extended family (about 14 people).  They were very accommodating. The guy behind the counter rearranged some tables so we could all sit together.  As far as fast food goes the food was really good.
4	I skipped the gym so I can eat some deep-fried chicken and since I was in the area, I decided to give Strip N Dip a try. I never went here when it was still BFG so I will not be one of those people who would complain about the dang mural of chickens on the wall. "This place would've been 5 stars if they hadn't painted over the mural"...seriously? Did that mural make your food taste better?I was impressed by the super friendly service. I was surprised a chicken place had Thai tea so of course, I got that since I love Thai tea and it was pretty good. Since it was my first time, I wanted to try as many items as I can.  I went with the 6-pc combo with 1 side, garlic bread and 3 dips and added another side.Chicken:You choose from baked (with rotisserie seasoning), fried (breaded in panko) or grilled (marinated in Asian honey glaze). I got the panko-breaded fried chicken strips. It was light and not greasy. The chicken was cooked perfectly but still juicy. 4/5Side Dishes:They have baked mac n cheese, French fries and grilled veggies.  I went with the mac n cheese and fries. The mac n cheese was delish with the melted mozzarella on top. The fries are crispy but you have to dip them in sauce to make them tasty - eating them sans sauce is pretty blah. 4/5Sauces:Your options are BBQ, buffalo, cheese, wasabi cream, honey mustard, ranch, sweet chili, strip sauce and teriyaki. I tried the wasabi cream, strip sauce and ranch. Ranch was a stupid choice since you can get ranch anywhere but that was my back-up plan in case I didn't like the other sauces. It was ranch. The strip sauce was similar to Cane's dipping sauce so I liked it. I didn't like the wasabi cream. You can taste wasabi the first few seconds and then sweetness takes over. I'm not going to get that again. I have about 4 sauces that I'm willing to try next time I go. But for having lots of options for sauces... 4/5
5	We had to cater an event at our office and remember that Strip N Dip did catering. Now if you been to typical catered events, they are overpriced with extremely limited selections for food. You know what I'm talking about, sandwiches with limited selections, or the pizza that someone had to order pineapples... WHY??? I digress. We had ordered all the different chicken strips (Baked, Fried, and Grilled) and all of them came out just like the restaurant. The Fried strips were delicious and still crispy even after 30-45 minutes. We got sides of Mac' N Cheese and veggies on the side and wow, I thought I was in the store. I highly recommend this place to cater your next event. But if you really feel like cold pineapple pizza, I guess that works too, but remember some of your guests will be griping.
2	I'm from good 'ol Henderson and by chance I had to work on this side of town today. Not knowing the area too well I needed to find a nice place for lunch that wasn't a typical chained place to eat.Yelp led me here.I ordered my food to go, 4 baked chicken strips, mac 'n cheese, 1 BBQ sauce and 1 Honey Mustard. A drink is NOT included with the meal, when places do not include drinks...I opt for the free water. Total was about $7 and some change.I got my food to go, went to my car to eat and noticed they gave me the wrong meal. Went back inside and they realized their mistake, switched it out, and I went back to my car. I received two honey mustards with my order and no BBQ.The food was good for what it was, but I felt like a lard ass after I ate the extra cheesy mac 'n cheese. Next time, if there is a next time, I'll opt for the veggies.The male employee with the braces was extra nice though, I'd give him 5 stars on his customer service!
5	"Woohoo! As good as it gets!" But really though, this place is awesome.This has been on my 'to try' list for so long. I enjoyed my experience before I even tried any of the food. Service: The cashier was very friendly. My friend and I were very indecisive because we wanted everything. We also changed our minds a couple of times an he was patient and helpful. At first I thought it was just that one cashier, but another guy was coming around and helping us out. Now, I know they just have awesome service all around!Sauces: Yes, the sauces get their own category. We basically got all of the sauces and took a dip in each one to make sure we got the whole experience. The winners? Wasabi Cream, honey mustard, and the chili one (I forgot the name). You must get those three! You'll regret it if you don't, trust me.Food: We got the the grilled and baked chicken strips. I enjoyed both. I feel like with the right sauces you can't go wrong with these. Macaroni and cheese - it's like a pizza, but with macaroni! Can't go wrong with baked macaroni and cheese. Chicken nachos! YES! It's a decent size for $4.00 It goes great with the meal if you're sharing with your friends!The point system is also a plus. I spent $11 but since I also did the survey and whatnot I ended up with 30+ points, so I guess that's pretty cool.Basically what I'm saying with this entire review is, TRY EVERYTHING.
4	Heard the buzz around town about this place and being the fried chicken lover I am, I had to check it out. First off the lady taking orders was super helpful and guided the wife and I easily through the menu. We choose to get fried and baked strips. We both got the Mac n Cheese which is AMAZING!! Back to the chicken, I actually preferred the baked over the fried, the sauces save the fried chicken otherwise they're pretty bland. The baked chicken however is seasoned nicely and needs no sauce, but I did anyway. Overall I liked this place and will come back for sure.
3	Let's put it this way I had way better strips at KFC and that not saying much! I tried the bake and fried strips and the mac cheese! The first strip which I tired was fried stip and it was ok. Then I bite into the second and it went down hill from here, the chicken had a weird texture to it,so I move on to the bake strips which were  very bland and the say texture issue. I took a bit of the Texas toasts and it was really buttery and crispy and last the mac cheese they use cheese wiz to mix the noodles up then top it off with mozz or chedder cheese I think! The topping of the cheese is the best part!! Who uses cheese wiz for mac cheese. The only reason I'm  giving them 3 starts is for the cool ass soda machine and the cool employee who help me out!
4	I never met Jin. I do not believe I have ever met anyone named Jin. I am not even sure how the name Jin is pronounced (is it gin, like the libation?) Anyway, I become acquainted with BFG from walking by it from the CSN Las Vegas campus. (Yes, human being are still capable of walking, believe it or not.) This is where the locals go, I had heard, but I was a local and I had never heard of it (or the former owner Jin). In any case, they changed their name (unrelated to Jin) and subsequently included desserts to their very basic menu. It just so happened to be a dessert I yearn for on a regular -- unnaturally, regular really -- basis: funnel cake (2.25$). Score!And their chicken is ultimately delectable. I prefer the Baked, then the Grilled, and finally the Fried. BGF. Always get the 6-piece (8.79$, as of this writing). The mac & cheese tastes so delicious, it makes me want to become a fan of mac & cheese (I am not). They have a bunch of sauces as well but I do not mess with anything besides cheddar cheese (is this the only place that has it?) and barbecue, since it is all that is truly needed in life.  The service is so friendly, personable, and funny, they make you want to return sooner than you intended. The loyalty programme has teeth too: there is a place for your birthday and anniversary (it could be your Yelpversary if you have no partner!) online and succeeding completion of your first survey, it should be only one more visit to go before receiving your complimentary Four-Strip Meal. How cool is that? SDCS does not have the same roll of the tongue as BFG (Fuck Bone Grill), but there is room for some SDCC (ComicCon) parodying when it is that time of year (especially with the nerd [comic] store next door). Needless to say, I vociferously recommend this business. It is not like there is really much else around anyway, especially if you are walking. Look both ways at the crosswalks. - E
5	Great chicken, every time. And they have the coke machine of a hundred flavors...
5	On Dec 3, 2013, at 1 PM, I tried Strip N Dip located at 873 S Rainbow Blvd, Las Vegas. Mind you I had previously ate at Guthrie's and Cane's and were not impressed. In fact they were awful. I ordered the 8 piece combo ( fried) for myself and my friend had the 4 piece (fried). Each combo came with your choice of sides. I chose the macaroni & cheese and my friend chose the grilled vegetables in a skewer. Drink and garlic toast included. Large variety of dipping sauces to choose from. I was blown away by the service and the food. Large pieces of chicken strips cooked to perfection !! The sides were excellent too.The food was brought out to us outside where there were seating. I was also asked how everything was during the course of our meal.  BEST CHICKEN STRIPS in VEGAS !!!!!!
4	I came here to finally check out the new BFG but lo and behold it's now called Strip N Dip. New name, same great chickenThe premise is pretty simple. They sell chicken strips. You can get em baked, fried, or grilled. Hence the name. The chicken, is finger licking good. They have a wide array of sauces but the most unique one is wasabi cream. I love that and the sweet chili, but they have about 8, so you might like something different. The sides are where they really make their name.  The baked Mac and cheese is extremely creamy and a must try. They have chicken nachos, but I prefer to have them as chicken fries instead and mind= blown. For dessert, they have funnel cake, which is not commonLong story short, I'm definately gonna be coming back. Food was great, service was super friendly
5	We decided to this place out based on the Yelp reviews & recommendations. We approached the counter with our three daughters, who were very excited that a restaurant's main entree was chicken strips. The cashier/order-taker is by far the nicest person in Vegas, though there are lots of nice people there (he wasn't wearing a name tag). He asked us if we'd been there before (first time), thanked us for coming in & quickly explained the menu as well as offered suggestions. We ordered the Family Meal and per his suggestion split the chicken strips three ways: fried, grilled and baked. The meal came with four sides so we again went with his suggestion: 3 homemade, baked macaroni & 1 french frie(s). It also came with 5 sclices of garlic bread and lots of homemade sauces. There are only four tables inside but we were able to snag one and eat in.All three "types" of strips were really good! None of them were dry. My husband really liked the wasbi cream, I think their buffalo is great. Their baked macaroni was a hit from our toddler to us parents. I'm a people watcher (okay, yes an eavesdropper!) and noticed that the cashier was super nice & helpful to everyone that came in. Seriously, having such awesome customer service makes patrons come back for great food or try a second time. :)
5	"Hey there, random Yelper that doesn't live in Las Vegas. This business is a chicken strip joint next to a Home Depot about 8 miles away from the Strip. Tell me why I should go here."Okay, I will.1. Let's face it; people of all ages love chicken strips. I love chicken strips. My husband loves chicken strips. If you love chicken strips, you should come here.2. We had them baked and fried. Both styles of chicken were super juicy and flavorful, even without the sauce.3. Oh yes, their sauces. We tried the honey mustard and sweet chili sauces. The honey mustard was a perfect balance of sweet and savory, and the sweet chili wasn't the cloyingly sweet sauce you might find elsewhere. 4. THE MAC AND CHEESE. It's as good as everyone else says it is. I almost wanted a second tin, but decided that it was the perfect amount.5. Service. Wow. The cashier was very friendly, asked us how we found out about them (Yelp!), checked on us every so often, and thanked us for coming all the way out there.6. They have a freestyle Coke machine. Win!7. The prices are very affordable for fast, yet fresh and tasty food.So if you're in Vegas, and you have a car (or are willing to pay the cab fare), make the trip to this little place. It'll be worth it.
4	Comfort food served at an awesome price, convenient, friendly staff, quiet atmosphere; what more could one want?
4	As I said in my first review, the food is absolutely fantastic. However, I'm revising it and taking away 1 star simply due to Matt (the owner) and his over-the-top, near-creepy, downright-obnoxious attempts at "friendliness". Really, this guy is just WAY too much to handle. I expect to have to deal with the transparently-fake "used car salesman" type when I'm shopping for a car, but it's the last thing I want to deal with when I'm trying to eat dinner. I genuinely appreciate quality, friendly service (as I also said in my earlier review), but this guy's shameless, ridiculous, contrived, almost insulting "enthusiasm" is bordering on unbearable. In short, while I love their food, Matt's irritating shtick is in danger of keeping me and my wife away from this place. Reel it in, man. You're literally chasing customers away.
2	The owners are nice, almost a little TOO nice. The chicken is good I got the fried and baked versions and I liked the fried better. Mac and cheese I was not blown away. It was cheesy and hot but it lacked flavor! My biggest gripe is those sauce cups I mean really they are 1 oz cups and are not even full. I use 1 cup per chicken strip at least. I asked for more sauce and they are 40 cents for 1 oz of sauce. Wing stop has better wings and fries and more sauce. Their 4 oz sauce cups are 50 cents thanks
5	Bomb food haven't had a meal i don't like. Wasabi cream and teriyaki is so good. Great people great food great prices all reasons to eat here
3	I finally stopped here with my Yelp bestie Heather S. before I left town going to the land down under... I have passed by this joint a kazillion times. I had not even realized the name change until we were walking up to enter! Wow they are super friendly, and I thought the lead cashier, maybe shift leader who helped us place our order was yummy! I decided on the fried strips and mac and cheese, and Heather S. got the grilled chicken strips with mac and cheese.The food is fresh and good. Really how can you go wrong with breading chicken and frying it, they do seem to make it just that much more delicious. I love the fried strips, the panko breading was fried to a perfect golden brown, mmmmm yum yes..My only thing is that I think they should give up the sauce more. That is a pet peeve of mine when a joint charges for or limits "extra" sauce. I mean they are called strip n dip chicken right? I ordered the 6 piece chicken strip meal and ran out of sauce with there limit of 3 small dipping sauce sides.Anyhow, it was good,  I just did not get the happy ending I had been hoping for...This goes in my overrated file.... :(
4	Yes! So I finally got down here last night and tried it.  For me, it was Okay.  I would've given 3 stars except that the service was phenomenal.  We got here around 9:15pm at night and the place was pretty busy.  By the time we got our orders taken, however there were some free tables.I ordered 4 grilled strips an the grilled veggies. I was disappointed that I was told that you could not mix n match grilled / baked / fried chicken. I wanted to try them all but wasn't allowed to, so I just chose the grilled.My wife chose the 6 fried chicken strips with mac n cheese.The sauces that we chose were: Chicken Strip Dip, Wasabi, Ranch, Teriyaki and Buffalo Sauce.  The Teriyaki was awesome.  My second favorite was Buffalo and third was Wasabi.I was disappointed on the extra charge for sauces that are not included in your combo meal.My wife also wanted to try the chicken nachos.  The nachos were good, they reminded me of Taco Bell nachos with chicken instead.I like that they got the new soft drink machine where you can choose tons of combinations.  My killer combo is Diet Coke with Cherry in it.The food was okay, I expected the serving size to be slightly larger.  The food took a LONG time to come out.  They make it to order.  We came starving and was just about out of backbone when the food finally came out.One thing was that the music was so loud in the restaurant that I could barely hear the guy taking my order, let alone talk to my wife.The customer service was AWESOME!  If we were ever around this place again, I'd give it another whirl... just turn the music down a little bit.
1	Do not be fooled by the old pictures of the Bibimbap like I was! Those are YEARS old! They do not serve this anymore. This is just a chicken fast food joint now. Sorely disappointed. The food wasn't worth the trip at all. The place has only a few tables, was filthy, and had only 2 staffers working during the lunch rush.
5	Had it for the first time, and I fell in love! It's delicious and not pricey :) I'll definitely be back
3	I first visited this restaurant back in 2011 (as BFG) when Yelpers all over Vegas were fawning over it.   Not only was the food raved about but everyone seemed amazed at how well the owner at the time could remember names to faces and naturally I wanted to test it out.   True story: the 2nd time I went back he had no idea who I was.   Nice parlor trick!   The fact that it's extremely close to my work didn't hurt either.   As of a few weeks ago I visited it again for the 4th time (the 2nd time under the new monikor).   I feel like that fact pretty much exemplifies how I feel about about it.   If I hated it, I probably would have never returned.   If I loved it, I'd probably have been 15-20 times at least.   Yelp math!   In those 4 visits I have tried all 3 variations of their signature chicken strips, and the grilled veggies, mac and cheese, and fries for sides.   Grilled:  This is what I was most excited about.   Every so and so months I decide that I need to stop gorging myself on red meat and carbs as I usually do, so reading about tasty grilled chicken strips accompanied by grilled veggies made my deep deep inner skinny person rejoice.   Unfortunately I was pretty underwhelmed both times I tried them.   The chicken and the veggies both just tasted very bland to me.   Maybe every delicious fried chicken finger I've had from Raising Cane's and other establishments has tainted my taste buds.Baked:  Tried this for the first time a few weeks back.   Better than the grilled for sure due to the seasoning, but not anything that has me craving a return visit.  With this order I had the fries, which I did enjoy quite a bit.   But I mean, they're FRIES.   Hot, crispy and well seasoned though.   Fried:  The best of the three, but to reiterate the point: it's fried chicken, of course it's good.  The panko breading definitely make it unique to most other versions you can find elsewhere, but not necessarily better tastewise.   And to make an unhealthy choice worse I got the mac and cheese with it the one time I tried it.   A good version for sure, but it didn't exactly set itself apart from most other mac and cheeses that I've had.The stars of the show here are the dipping sauces.   The wide variety of them provide for a lot of different tasting experiences and most of the ones I tried were extremely tasty.   My favorites are the sweet chili and wasabi cream, and in particular I liked combining those two for a sweet/spicy combo.   You can be like Bill Nye the Science Guy and experiment on your own combinations.  Bring the kids, they'll have a blast.So overall it's good food, and the price isn't too bad, but it doesn't exactly light my world on fire either.   See you in 8 months or so Strip N Dip!
5	Strip N Dip two years later and still doin it right!!!!! I love this place and their amazing food :) also the new soda machine and renovations are awesome. So happy this chain has evolved an come so far!
5	Hot, fresh, tender and great service. Recommended by friend and I recommend it too.  Small owner operator shop with counter service and a few tables.  Worth a try!
3	I had the opportunity to eat at this place. My coworker gave me a coupon and another coworker and I, went there for lunch.The strips can be ordered fried, baked or grilled.You have a choice of sides, fires, mac and cheese or grilled vegetables.They have one of the mega selection soda machines, which I like, better than the burger kings, with the same machines, which doesn't have the add-on flavorings like cherry. ( To be fair, the burger king I was in, was the first time I saw this mega machine, the other locations may keep their's stocked)We both had the four strips fried, with mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was great, I saw the person at the next table was having the grilled vegetables, they looked great, I asked, he said they were excellent. I will definitely have to try them. First time there, I didn't know.They have a large selection of dipping sauces, buffalo, ranch, teriyaki, wasabi cream, sweet chili, bbq, honey mustard, bfg (think Cane's) and cheese.Now to the strips. I don't understand this, I had 4 strips, two were perfect, two were rubbery. I got the impression they cooked them when you order them, I still have that impression. The strips were the same size, how can they come out different.If I had four of the of the perfect strips, I would have given a 4. if I had four of the rubbery ones, I would have given a 1.I gave a 3 because of the mac and cheese was great, two of the strips were good and the soda mach was fully stocked.I will try it again, in hopes of getting 4 good strips.
5	As Jimmy Fallon would say, "So Great!" It is worth the drive off strip to get some good food. The Mac and cheese is outstanding, the fried strips were juicy and awesome, they even have one of those fancy touchscreen coke machines!  I liked the strip sauce and teriyaki.  Staff was friendly. Quaint little joint, will visit again next time in in Vegas.
5	I don't feel it's necessary to describe and break down the menu for you (hundreds of people have already done this) so I am writing this review to tell all the helpers that this place is the perfect remedy for a chicken strip craving. The eclectic menu has something to offer for all. If you feel like binging, get the fried strips with Mac n cheese on the side. If you want to be healthy, go with baked with a side of veggies. I personally think the baked and fried are the best strips. The wasabi cream sauce is delicious. They also have Thai tea. Yay.
4	This place is pretty easy to miss especially since it's a small building and it's located in such a big plaza. Strip n Dip is located right next to Home Depot. Came here for lunch. They had combos with six, four or two chicken strips. It comes with your choice of one side. Drinks NOT included. Customer service was great. I told the cashier this was my first time here and he explained the menu to me and a little bit about how Strip n Dip came to establishment.I ordered the "kids meal" with 2 baked chicken strips (choose between: fried, baked or grilled) and I chose the infamous mac n cheese that other Yelpers raved about as my side. You also get your choice of one dipping sauce. The buffalo sauce was yummy. Total cost was $4.79 I also ordered a 20 oz. iced thai coffee for $1.99. Two dollars for iced coffee!?! Sure...don't mind if I do. The coffee was pretty good too. They also had thai iced tea too. Hmmm...interesting...I would NEVER imagine they would have thai drinks at a chicken strip place. This would be a perfect lunch size for all you small/light eaters. The two chicken strips were kinda on the small side but with the mac n cheese...it filled me up perfectly. (don't want to over-indulge here). I'm not a fan of mac n cheese but this.....THIS was DELICIOUS!!! The baked cheese they added on top really made this stand out from your typical boring mac n cheese. The mac n cheese alone was enough to make this review a four star rating. So...the reason why I can't give this a full 5 stars is because of some "rounding fee" they do on our transaction. I wasn't even aware until a fellow Yelper told me about it. I checked my receipt and it said "due rounding: $0.01." Yes, yes I know...it's only 1 cent. But still...what's up with this!?! I've NEVER, EVER seen this before in my life. Literally. But even with this "due rounding" fee, would I be back?? Of course I would. Whenever I'm craving for some chicken strips..I'll swing by here. Next time, if I have a bigger appetite, I would order 4 strips and I would like to try the fries.
5	I had a great experience here. The cashier, Rashaad was great! Made us feel very welcome, he went over the menu with us since it was our first time coming in to strip n dip chicken strips, and he was very friendly.I like that they offer 3 different types or chicken strips and a variety of sauces. So far my favorite is the grilled chicken strips. I can't wait to try out the other delicious options on the menu.
5	Matt you had me at "Hello". Simple menu and in this instance that works well.Great fried tenders sauces are good. mac and cheese is great for a side. heathy options of grilled veggie available. Most impressive is the service from the moment you approach the register. great job on that point. I think that customer service athough talked about is often not implemented. In this joint it's part of the experience.
4	Great for when you're living on a college budget like me, Strip N Dip is fast food that is super cheap! They have great customer service: the one guy working was super friendly and welcoming. He even opened the door for us! The food is legit for how much it is, but it ain't perfect. you can get chicken baked, fried, or grilled & choose between a variety of different sauces. I recommend their strip sauce :) Don't get the BBQ sauce, it's a little odd tasting! Then I also ordered Thai Tea because I was excited to taste a cheaper cup of my favorite tea and it was pretty good!! Also, the Choco funnel cake is good, but they put a little too much powdered sugar! ;) so break into your wallet a bit and have fun eating!!
5	Wow! My first time here and this place is just awesome. First of all the staff is super friendly. A young African male helped my partner and I. He explained the menu to us in such an enthusiastic detail. Attention Boss! That man needs a bonus. He definitely made the experience a hundred times better.
3	I couldnt finish my chickin finger because they were way to greesy.  but the mac n cheese was great!!
5	Food is awesome and the staff couldn't be more friendly. I use this spot for catering with my business here in Vegas and always a good value!! (They should raise their prices on catering orders!) cool Peeps!
5	The food is always amazing. And cheap! I would recommend this place to absolutely anyone! The staff is friendly and always cares about their customers being comfortable. The prices are very affordable and are more than worth it when it comes to the quality!
4	Crisp Panko bread crumbs chicken strips, delightful fries and flavorful garlic bread were the highlights. Sauces were hit or miss. Location needed cleaning, but staff was friendly. I would return again
4	Super friendly, helpful staff. Food was good, Mac and cheese is the go to. The strips were good but I really prefer a batter rather than bread crumbs.
5	Had a wonderful time eating here last night. I feel horrible we did not get the name of the wonderful man working the front counter. He is amazing at his job. The amount of food you get is just right for the price. Almost all the sauces are made in store and are delicious. The breading on the fried strips is a little different but the baked strips are just amazing so no issue here. Love the rewards program. We will be back for sure.
5	Found this place looking for something to eat. I was going to a sandwich deli that was in the same lot but was closed. What a great find very unique clean food. If I lived on this side of town I would stop by frequently.
4	Very simple yet diverse menu. They have three different ways they cook their chicken and they all taste great. No matter which way you get it, its healthy eating. They have grilled vegetables to go with your grilled or baked chicken which by the way is 100% real chicken, white meat at that. They have several different sauces and depending on what count of strips you order, you'll get your choice of either two or three sauces. The customer service is what it should be anywhere you go. The food is great and the price is right, but I keep coming back because the owner makes it a point to know your name and if you're a first-timer, he'll ask if you'd like to have your picture taken and posted on social media, usually FB. The owner is a local kid in his mid-twenties and a graduate of UNLV who seems to have a passion for quality and not quantity. He seems to be on point with staff selection because his staff is a reflection of him. They recenly expanded their menu to include deserts and other items. They have a very wide variety of soft drinks and healthy drinks. They have a reward program that they recently kicked off but I haven't had it long enough to give a review on it. The establishment is always clean including the bathroom and the decor is appropriate. This is place you have to try at least once. The only reason I'm giving it 4 out of 5 (I'd give it 4.5 if it was possible) is because of the fact that the place is small. The bathroom is basically right in the middle of the place right off the dining area, which is probably why they maintain it so clean. I don't think the owner anticipated the popularity the place would gain but if things keep going the way they are they will need a bigger place.
5	Great place bra. Chicken is super good bra. You know what I mean bra. The guy who runs this place is pretty nice/funny. I had a bit of an addiction problem with this place a while back and he remembered me after not having gone there in at least 9 months if not a year. This place is pretty awesome. For6 dollars you get chicken (BFG, which is what I will always call this place) , garlic bread, a side, and 2 delicious sauces. The honey mustard and strip sauce, ahem, I mean BFG sauce are the best IMO. The mac and cheese is also pretty good. As long as it isn't busy you get your food super fast. The random special items have all been pretty good when I got them- nachos, hot dog thing, funnel cake- whats not to love? Good to go ordering- never got there after the allotted amount of time and had to wait, food was always ready. They now have the 300 flavor coke machine which doesn't hurt either.
4	1st time since it changed name/ownership. Food was GREAT! Ordered the 6 piece combo with the velvety, scrumptious Mac & Cheese. The chicken was yummy- love the coating! The Wasabi kicks ass!! The strip sauce was "fine". The buffalo sauce was tasty!The service was great- our food was brought to us by the manager/owner? He was very personable!It's obvious they need a bigger space. The big fly in the ointment was the family of 5 that made the word "boisterous" pale in comparison to the decibel piercing shrieks, laughter and abnormally loud voices of the "adult" and 4 kids of varying ages. I have heard air horns less intrusive...
5	This place is AMAZING! It definitely beats the old raising canes!!! Let me start by saying the food is great. You can choose from three different options: fried chicken, grilled or baked. I personally like them fried. The food is so fresh and you can get vegetable skewers on the side if you don't want yucky fries and cole slaw like at canes ew! The food is made with love and care and the owner even works rite inside the store. He is the nicest, sweetest man. Very young and well mannered for his age. Please don't miss out on this one. It may be  a little hard to find for someone who isn't familiar with the area. It is in the home depot parking lot. Don't miss out on this great food and not to mention very reasonably priced..
5	BEST MAC AND CHEESE EVER!!!!   If you love cheese this the place for you...
5	They were wonderful at helping us order... They put out good vibes so I'm going to make sure I tell everyone!!!
3	Tucked into a blink-and-you'll-miss-it nook on the edge of a shopping plaza between a Ross and the Home Depot, this specialty chicken place has a few surprises in store.Service is top-notch: we were immediately greeted, walked through the menu, invited to join their loyalty program, and made to feel that our business was appreciated. Our food was brought out, we were checked on throughout our visit, and given a goodbye as we walked out the door- all with a smile by the gentleman behind the counter.As for the food: BF got a 6 piece fried with a side of mac, I opted for the 4 piece rotisserie with a side of veggies, and we added on a hot chick and a thai tea- the latter mostly because since when have I ever been able to get chicken strips and thai tea in the same place? Bizarre but lovely. The drink was out right away and just a smidge less sweet than I am used to. $2 cup is well-priced.The chicken arrived hot and tasty: BF surprisingly preferred the grilled while I preferred the panko breading for the fried version. We tried several different sauces including the ranch (nothing interesting), wasabi (nice with just a little kick), honeymustard (light but not my thing), strip sauce (my favorite), and buffalo (my second favorite, dude's preferred dip). BF put it well: he'd come back for the grilled strips tossed in buffalo sauce, but the rest of the menu seemed too similar to Raisin' Cane's for his liking, and he's a huge fan of theirs.As for the sides: the mac was super indulgent and better than the mac I've had at more formal or high-end places. Loved that the dish was still gooey and cheesy instead of dried out, which I run into a lot at places that call themselves "southern" or boast about being "homestyle". Dude, if I made this mac at home, I'd never leave... because I'd weigh 500 pounds. It's good, but definitely only get if you went to the gym that day, there's a lot of guilt involved with that much pasta and cheese.The grilled veggies were a surprise hit with BF, he'd tack those on to his future grilled-with-buffalo purchase.Lastly, the hot chick was oddly again one of my favorite things: a simple fried strip doused in buffalo sauce (sensing a theme?) and placed in a small bun with lettuce and tomato, it's simple and it's delicious. There's  meal option for two of those with a side, and I'd likely consider it in the future.Final note about their loyalty program: tracks your purchase spendings by the dollar, when you reach a $60 total you get a free meal. I didn't ask for more details but I do like that it tracks with your phone number rather than yet another pesky key tag or card to keep track of.
3	Not a great place for chicken. Fried was bland, mac and cheese tasteless, grilled strips were OK. Great service and ambience, but as a restaurant, not phenomenal overall.
5	Today, I ordered by far, the best fried (and suprisingly affordable) chicken ever!!! The Pablo breading gave it a perfect crunch, and their handmade sauces were to die for! The owner and the employees' hospitality and sense of humor are great, and they even gave me a free drink just because their machine was temporarily broken earlier! You habmve to come here for some great hospitality, and great chicken.
5	Today was my first time trying this place and I'm definitely satisfied.  I got the grilled chicken, mac and cheese and garlic bread. I chose the bbq, strip sauce and wing sauce for my dips and all were fantastic. Make your portions bigger. I'm still hungry for more! :) Thanks guys!
5	Chicken strip place that has Thai tea?!?!Completely sold! My boyfriend and I both got the combo of fried chicken strips and mac n cheese with wasabi cream and buffalo sauce, chicken nachos, and a Thai tea. All the food we got was extremely tasteful! The wasabi cream really does taste like wasabi but not too hot, but it's a great combination with the chicken strips. Also, the chicken strips weren't dry at all; you probably could eat it w/o any sauce at all. The chicken nachos were very flavorful as well. Customer service is as good as it gets! The girl at the counter was so friendly and helpful when I couldn't decide which sauce to get. There was one worker who walked around asking if everyone was doing ok, and when he got around to my boyfriend and I, he wanted to make sure our Thai tea was light on ice like how we ordered. We said that the amount of ice in our Thai tea was ok, but he gave us another Thai tea (on the house) with little amount of ice! I definitely will come back whenever I get the chance. The customer service and the food is worth every cent you pay!
5	Do yourself a favor and go try this place. You would never imagine the food is as heavenly as it is. The grilled and fried strips are pieces of heaven, same with the veggie skewers. I may go again tonight, simply amazing!
4	Very good chicken tenders where you can get it baked, fried or grilled.  There's different types of sauces and it makes the joy of being their fun.
4	1st time since it changed name/ownership. Food was GREAT! Ordered the 6 piece combo with the velvety, scrumptious Mac & Cheese. The chicken was yummy- love the coating! The Wasabi kicks ass!! The strip sauce was "fine". The buffalo sauce was tasty!The service was great- our food was brought to us by the manager/owner? He was very personable!It's obvious they need a bigger space. The big fly in the ointment was the family of 5 that made the word "boisterous" pale in comparison to the decibel piercing shrieks, laughter and abnormally loud voices of the "adult" and 4 kids of varying ages. I have heard air horns less intrusive...We'll be back though (w/ earplugs) ...
4	I drove off-strip to this little "hole in the wall joint" based solely on my ailing wallet, and yelp. I was not at all disappointed. I actually really enjoyed my experience. Staff was friendly, price was cheap, and most importantly the food was delish. I consider myself a chicken strips guy. They do seem a little juvenile, but damn a good fried piece of white chicken breast is just stellar for me. The strips might be considered small in size, but definitely made up for in numbers. The breading is very light but crispy nonetheless. Not very greasy in combination with the thin breading really highlighted the juice of the chicken. I got to try three different sauces. The baked mac was fab too!I would put this in my list for spots to hit up in vegas when I have the time and the soberity. Yeah it is 15 min from the strip, but who cares! You can go fill up your gas tank for cheap and get away from the crowd for an hour.
5	Only went in for a drink, but for customer service alone, they get 5 stars.  Super friendly staff!
4	The staff was very friendly and informative, being my first time going there it definitely helped. The menu is simple but their chicken is flavorful! About 9 different sauce choices; I loved the wasabi cream and honey mustard.  All in all a great place to grab a quick lunch!
4	Had strip n dip three times first two times had fried chicken strips w bbq sauce and fries and cherry dr pepper omgosh it was very good. Then two weeks ago or so I wanted to try something different so I got the chicken fries and it was not what was advertised one they didn't.close container all the way so ninety percent to my fries fell out but I did taste the one left , and it was eww nasty......So ill.stick to the fried fingers because they are taste y
5	Killer chicken fingers! The wasabi cream sauce is amazing. Great family run operation which provides excellent customer service and food
2	Disappointing , because of the other high reviews I wanted to give this place a try. chicken strips were teeny tiny , the baked chicken strips were flavorful but the fried had a really weird flavor, friendly service and cool drink machine. Wouldn't recommend
5	EVERYTHING is AWESOME here! Try EVERYTHING!! The staff is super cool-the menu rocks- Plus they have the amaZeballs pop machine with all the crazy flavors ;)  do yourself a favor & check this place out- they'll change the way you feel about chicken lol TRUST ME!
4	Not bad, service was on the slower side, but then again it was lunch time 12-1pm but very friendly and quick cashier
5	Chicken fingers with a couple of homemade sauces and some Mac and cheese #nightcomplete.  Highly recommend this place, the food is great and most of all the staff and manager are x10 as friendly.  Must try! I can definitely see them expanding over the valley in the near future. Good luck guys.
5	This place is amazing! The service is super helpful and upbeat. There is something for everyone. The food is yum! Wish it was closer to the northwest side!
5	I've been a fan of this place ever since it was called BFG. Two things always get the Mac n cheese and get the wasabi cream dipping sauce. I love the menu, they keep it simple and easy to order.
3	They used to be called BFG and were a great simple restaurant. Since then, they are now called Strip N Dip and offer a wider variety of items to choose from. I personally enjoy their nachos and like that they have a fries option as well. Will eat here again as it is pretty much still the same as BFG with a little more. Service was also a little quicker than before. Cool soda machine.Only downfall is that their prices have changed and are a little more expensive for the same food... I used to visit often for the pricing but it's not horrible still...
4	So apparently I missed the era in which this place was a 5 star?! First visited this place last week and was quite impressed/pleased with everything?... Not sure why some of the low ratings. People need to understand costs are going up everywhere, hence, why business owners need to increase prices. "If you no like, go to KFC!" Simple as that.Let's start with customer service: This lil family owned hole in the wall that is easily missed if you are not paying attention is on a fine mission to smother you with niceness! One of the workers held the door open for us as we walked in :-0 ...Oh-and as I walked in, I overheard her tell another customer if their experience eating there was not up to their expectations, she would "take care of them" at their next visit! That's a strong statement, Strip N Dip, we will hold you to your word! The cashier was extremely friendly and helpful in explaining their menu items and filling us in on what the popular picks were. The wait was not long and our food was delivered promptly. Establishment: Took off a star because we did not have the option to eat at the restaurant due to overcrowding. Seating is very limited so we took our food to go. Maybe if the place was a little bigger, people would not be forced to take their food to go and have to experience a case of "cold food." No bueno.Food: The deep fried chicken strips were amaze-balls! Very tender and flavorful. The Mac & Cheese.......OMG, the Mac & Cheese......SO F'ing GOOD!!!!!!! (for a lack of better words.) Do not come here and NOT order the Mac & Cheese because you will miss out on the full experience. Also, a hot pick here is the nachos. Holy bejezus! These are addicting! Honestly, for a first timer, I would recommend the nachos, Mac & Cheese and if room available, have the fried chicken strips. :-)
2	So the food is great. Been going for a while and maybe for the last time. They round the bill up to nearest nickel. WTF so your taking more money for what use? That is stealing to me. Over time it adds up
4	I have found my chicken strip spot next to the vicinity in which I call work. The name of the game here is OPTIONS, ALL OF THE OPTIONS. It merits caps, really, it does. It also has an awesome name. Come on, admit it, it does. Food: They have 3 meal deals. They are the following: A 6 strip combo, which comes with 6 chicken strips, 1 side, 3 sauces, a garlic bread, and a drink (20 oz).  3 Strip Combo comes with 3 strips, 2 sauces, a garlic bread, and drink. (That's the one I usually get, as it's just the right amount of food and it's ohhh so good.) Lastly, the 2 strip meal which has 2 strips, 1 side, 1 sauce, and a kids sized drink (12 oz). - Here is the fun part. THE OPTIONS, YAY! You can get your chicken either baked, grilled, or fried. I'm a fan of their grilled chicken, since deep fried food doesn't like me. Their baked chicken is decent, but in my option grilled is the way to go. They have a good variety of sauces too, and oh man, if you like sauces, you'll like this place. What kind of sauces do they have, you ask? Well kids, here's a list: BBQ, Buffalo (one I always get), Strip Sauce, Cheese, Honey Mustard, Ranch, Sweet Chili, Teriyaki, and Wasabi Cream. I've tasted the Buffalo, Ranch, Strip Sauce, Cheese, and Teriyaki and I'm a fan. The teriyaki was a little weird and not one of my favorites, but it wasn't by any means horrible.  Oh yeah, you also get that side! Their sides are mac and cheese, french fries, or grilled veggies. Their mac and cheese is decent for fast food, and their french fries are pretty good as well. None of them are something to write home to mother about, but hey, you are coming here for the chicken anyway, right? I hope so. - Service: So far so good! The people working there are friendly, tell you about their loyalty program and like to make you smile. It can get busy during lunch so there is a little bit of wait time, but nothing compared to some places. I say try it once, at least for the sauces and chicken. Everything I've tasted there has been om nom nomable to the extreme and it has now became my go to place for chicken at work. :D Keep it classy Strip N Dip.
5	Great food!  Great, personalized service.  We're from out of town and read the reviews.  We wanted to eat somewhere "off" the strip.  Something good but less expensive.  This was a great choice.  It is somewhat like fast food, but there are healthy choices, grilled chicken and vegetable skewers.  And, the not so healthy, to die for, Mac and Cheese.  YUM!
4	Wow! The service was both friendly and exceptional, Bree(?) helped us at the register and her enthusiasm in selling us chicken strips left me stunned and humbled.Incredibly accommodating, they have a good variety in the menu and condiments, which will be familiar to a lot of Asians as they have Thai Tea and Sriracha.The baked rotisserie chicken strips were a tantalizing experience, albeit short-lived.
5	Friendly service. Fresh food. Great taste!!! Tons of soft drinks options.  The chicken nachos with fries instead of chips are amazing!! Love love this place.
5	My boyfriend and I stopped in the other day after taking an exam. I was excited about the fact that I had choices other than fried chicken strips. I had baked chicken strips and grilled veggies. Everything was seasoned well. The chicken was moist and juicy. The boyfriend had fried chicken strips and mac and cheese. He loved it. The guy that served us was super friendly. Overall, it was a very pleasant experience. I will definitely go back if I'm ever on that side of town. The only downfall is that we don't have this joint in Henderson!
1	Meh, so-so...don't really see what the fuss is about.  This was my first visit here.  The chicken is decent (small pieces, mind you), but that's about it.  Stick with the Sweet Chili or Wasabi Cream dipping sauces...their Ranch and BFG sauces were outright awful.  The sides and bread were average at best, including the Mac & Cheese other reviewers raved about.  Bottom line...they ain't got nothing on Raising Cane's!Service on my visit was definitely sub-par.  The boss (the only guy not in uniform) was very preoccupied giving freebies to a scragly looking biker customer and his two little miracles...a big, bald Ginger complete with ZZ Top beard, a black "Vatos Locos" t-shirt and unkept Ruger P-85 semi-auto strapped to his side.  Further, the cashier was perturbed that I would not forfeit my phone number for text specials.Since I wasn't impressed and don't like possibly being caught in crossfire, I won't be back.
5	This was my first here! And it definitely won't be my last. I was greeted by Rashaad. Such a sweetheart. Helped me with my decisions, explained everything thoroughly & even opened the door for me on the way out. From start to finish, everything was absolutely perfect. Oh yeah.. & The food is DELICIOUS!
4	Really good lunch spot! The main item is chicken strip which you can get baked, grilled or fried. I usually get grilled or fried.  You can select from a multitude of sauces, from the standard bbq, teriyaki to their wonderful wasabi. For sides, the mac n cheese is great, but I try to stick with grilled veggies. Service is great - staff is friendly and happy to answer any questions etc. After going a few times, a couple of the staff address me by name, which is a nice touch! As a few yelpers already mentioned, space is a bit tight if it gets busy, but that doesn't detract from the service and food. Try 'em out, you won't be disappointed.
5	Another awesome experience with the family! Ub40 and Bob Marley for the tunes a place that remember your name! Points for your frequent fliers.
2	Ordered food from here for pickup. When I called, customer service was wonderful. When I came to pick the food up, was a different story. There were three people ahead of me and two behind the cash register. One person was helping customers,  the other was on his phone texting. Unprofessional in my opinion but the place smelt like heaven so I let it go. We ordered one 6 piece fried strip with Mac n cheese and one 6 piece grilled strip combo with veggies. First off, the pieces are TINY so I'm glad we ordered the six piece combo. The grilled strips were flavorless. The veggies consisted of two kabobs filled with onions, bell peppers and one or two pieces of zucchini or squash or whatever it was. The fried strips were good. The man n cheese was dry, bland. Disappointed because it looked so delicious on the website. Don't think we will be going here again.
5	I underestimated the girl who works the front register as she was very young and spoke very fast. She actually knew everything about the menu and was very helpful with recommendations. I have never eaten here before. What tops it all off is she knew how to spell my name without my dumbing it down and spelling it out to her. It's nice to finally come across a younger person who listens and has initiative. The food was great as well. Thank you!
4	Stop #3 for Joy's Bachlorette Food Tour.  *Pointing at herself* chicken strip queen right here. I love all things chicken -most of the time, ALL the time!-While driving through this part of Vegas, I was surprised to see a Raising Cane's close by! But in all honesty, let's get one thing straight. You cannot compare the two. I mean, you can but they aren't the same animal. SND has more options for sure... And they both have crispy chicken that relies on their sauces for overall flavor. So, there you have it. Just my two cents.What I enjoyed:-Crispy panko crust. Hot and juicy. Practically burned my tongue off. -They are never frozen, meaning it's fresh.-I like having options. Want to be a tad bit more healthy? Order it grilled. Maybe baked.-Grilled veggies? Yup! We had a vegan and vegetarian in our party so they liked that!-Staff. So friendly! They even took an Instagram photo of our party.What was okay:-I thought the Mac & Cheese was on the runny side. So sue me! I loved the cheesy meltyness on top, but I didn't like cracking open the inside.-The sauces. Not terrible. Might give the wasabi cream a try next time!
5	My boyfriend and I come here often! Such a simple menu, yet such great choices and menu items! The staff is EXTREMELY friendly and their customer service is EXCEPTIONAL! I'm hoping to see them open up more spots across the city!!
4	Let's start off with the best Mac N' Cheese ever. Loving the combo of Chicken Strips and Mac N' Cheese. Very affordable and tasty. The only downfall is 20 minutes away from me.
5	Working in the customer service industry myself I find it very important to be able to relate to each person that walks through the doors of your store. They do a great job on making you feel welcomed and supplying the best service they can! Also the food is great!
5	Amazing fried chicken strips, baked mac & cheese + chicken nachos! It definitely hit the spot .. They have GREAT customer service especially from one of the managers Rashad. Even though this place is far from where I live I will definitely be coming back
5	This place has the vibe of a thriving establishment, and the food was amazing. All the food was fresh and the chicken tasted better than any other place I've been to. A large amount of sauces to choose from was cool, and there were even healthier options like grilled or baked chicken, salads, and grilled veggies. But what was even better was the staff. They were very friendly and connected with us, and got our orders to us as fast as they could. So if you're rolling by this place, be sure to stop here!
4	Delicious food and friendly service, the same as when it was BFG. The only real difference I can spot is that we no longer can get those awesome weekly specials. :( They also now have a points based rewards program to earn free meals.
5	Working at a call center we always tried different restaurants I. The area just to stop getting the same things over and over. Their food is always cooked fresh and they make their own sauces that are to die for. Everything I've tried from this place was super delicious and I recommend this place to everyone.
4	Great chicken and sauces. The thai coffee and thai tea were great too! Only complaint is use of styrofoam.
4	(TL;DR - extra crispy and moist chicken fingers and a unique sauce selection for the sauce advocate. Wasabi cream is what sauce dreams are made of!)As far as chicken fingers goes, this place is the place to be. I'm not often finding myself craving chicken fingers, but it's a simple and no-fuss type of meal.We went with the 6 piece fried chicken finger combo with garlic bread, and added a side of fries, baked mac and cheese, and extra, extra sauce. The chicken fingers were simple, nicely seasoned, super crispy, and surprisingly moist inside. You can also opt for baked or grilled chicken and add vegetables for a lighter fare.The side of fries was a heaping size. They topped off an entire to-go container. They were standard shoe string fries, crispy and simple. I loved dipping my fries in their sauces. Also, the baked mac and cheese was bubbling hot, comforting, and very cheesy. We enjoyed every cheesy bite. My favorite thing about this place is definitely their sauces! They have a great variety of unique sauces. We tried the wasabi cream, honey mustard, and sweet chili. The wasabi cream and honey mustard were both delicious, but the wasabi cream is what dreams are made of! It had a sophisticated flavor, like it was from a classy upscale dining establishment. I dunked all of my fries and chicken into that sauce, it was incredible. On the other hand, I didn't care for the sweet chili too much. It tasted artificial and bottled to me, but my boyfriend enjoyed it. Fast, easy, and cheap comfort food, plus friendly service! A good reason to stop in again to try their other sauces!
5	Customer service is over the top.  They remember your name, open doors, greet everyone with a smile.  I like the choice of either breaded or grilled chicken fingers.  Plus the individual macaroni and cheese side is creamy and cheesy with a nice burnt, in a good way, top.  Get there!
4	Mmmm their chicken strips are bomb! I got them fried which is breaded in panko, so they are the perfect size with the right amount of crunch to them. I got the 4 piece combo and chose of side of Mac and cheese that was baked to perfection! After given the option of what I'd like to drink I noticed they had Thai tea on the menu. I've never been to a place where they offered American comfort food with Thai tea. Just that little detail totally completed my experience there :)
4	Love the chicken strips here! I usually get the fried (panko crusted) strips, but the baked is not a bad choice if you want a healthier option. The strips always come out hot, and the meat is never dry. The 4 piece combo is the perfect amount for me. I always get the strip sauce and buffalo sauce. All of the sides are delicious, but I recommend the mac & cheese or french fries.They have a rewards system and will ask you for your phone number. So if you're a regular, you can get a free meal every so often! Overall, Strip N Dip is a must go.
4	It's good! The chicken is really little so a average person could probably eat a 6 piece. I didn't even get full. Mac is good and the fries! Everyone talks about the wasabi cream it is disgusting taste like nail polish remover! Best sauce is the strip sauce and the hot chick sauce!
2	I had the the deep friend chicken strips which weren't anythingto write home about. As far as any dipping sauces, there wasn't anything unique orfresh about it. With all of the above being said, the pricing can be considered overpricedfor some chicken strips which you practically can get from any fast food place.Not impressed to say the least and will probably not return.
5	Nothing extraordinary about the taste. Simple delicious classic food. Loved the sweet chili sauce though. However, the service was impeccable. They're friendly, fast and show equal concern towards every customer. It was a complete wonderful experience.
4	After hearing mixed review about Strip N Dip since it changed from BFG, I wasn't in a rush to go try it. However, being in the neighborhood the other day I decided to give it a go and I'm glad I did.Friendly service & good food at a decent price. Portion size was decent for the price and the quality of the food. We had the panko fried chicken with side of mac & cheese. I will definitely go back to try baked and grilled chicken.... the nachos also sound awesome.
4	loved the mac and cheese and chicken strips.  My favorite dippin sauces are the BBQ and the teriyaki sauce. yummers!
4	This was my first time here and I had an overall good experience. Rashon was the manager working and he was awesome and really made my experience great. The food was pretty good. I think the chicken strips could be a little bit bigger but they weren't too bad. They had nice flavor to them and were juicy. I had ranch and honey mustard as my sauces. honey mustard was a little different than most places and I liked it a lot. Ranch tasted like ranch but Rashon let me try the creamy wasabi sauce and that blew me away. Not only was it different but it tasted awesome. Most of the sauces are hand made. Mac and cheese was my side. Wasn't a whole lot to the Mac and cheese but it tasted good and the cheese was fully melted and creamy. I would definitely recommend this place if you have never been. They are great for catering.
5	The main thing that stands out to me when I leave reviews isn't the food, it's the service. Of course the food plays a big part in it, but excellent service + great food?! Makes me so happy! Especially at a place where you expect it to be mediocre, if you were to judge it by the cover. Rashaud greeted us when we walked in, explained the menu, told us about the specials they had, all with a smile on his face! After we received our food, he made sure to check up on us, ask if everything tasted as it should & if we needed anything else. He was amazing, from the time we walked in & walked out! 5 stars for Rashaud! :) P.S- the food was pretty good as well! would definitely come again.
5	Best service for a fast food place food is great chicken strips baked and grilled and fried with 12 different sauces and Mac and cheese and fries all way above average
5	Absolutely amazing place. Amazing food. Prices are low and the People are the nicest I have ever experienced. I will definitely be here again. The attitudes of the workers are make you smile and feel welcome. The manager definitely gets 5 stars alone. Such a wonderful environment.
1	Chicken strips were bland no season at all, the chicken nachos were decent, but all in all will not come back
5	Omg! This place Is soooo good!!! Why didn't I come here sooner?! The food is delicious! My daughter and I tried the fried and grilled chicken strips. The fried strips are light & crispy with just the right amount of seasoning. The grilled strips are juicy & full of flavor. For our side, we both got the mac & cheese....soo cheesey & yummy!  Store Is clean and service is excellent. We will definitely be back :)
4	A nice little gem on this side of town. The fried strips are good, fries are ok. The sauces are great. The house sauce, sweet chili, buffalo are all good. Will definitely be coming back here offer. Looking forward to trying some of their grilled veggies. The 6 strip meal will definitely make that tummy happy.
5	food was so gooodd, plus the cashier/server was so nice definitely will come back...one thing though the place should be bigger
4	Food is good, nothing amazing but no complaints. What really makes this place great (as you can see from nearly every review) is the staff. Never had such genuine and attentive service anywhere in Vegas, much less at a place of this price point. Fantastic place for an affordable and potentially healthy (let's be honest, fried is the way to go anyway) chow time. I had fried strips & veg with buffalo sauce. Tried the Mac & Cheese, was pretty tasty. Next time I'll prob stick with good ol' French Fries.
5	Matt is the BEST ! Anything less then 5 stars would be just wrong. The customer service is beyond amazing & the food is up to par with the service. Sweet chili sauce, nachos or Mac & cheese you gotta try this place, if you haven't already you are missing out !
2	This place is just OK to me. I would rather take my family to a hawaiian bbq restaurant that sells chicken katsu because honestly that is exactly how this chicken is prepared (chicken strips breaded in panko) and I would be able spend a lot less for the whole family.
4	The food here is good for sure.  Fairly healthy options for a quick food place too.  I really enjoy the baked chicken here.  The staff is always friendly.  I have been back a few times, and my friends and I always enjoy it.
4	Healthy or not quite so healthy? You get to choose. Chicken strips--baked, grilled, or fried. Sides--grilled veggies on a skewer, french fries, or mac-n-cheese. They're all tasty, but I usually order the grilled chicken and grilled veggies.....and steal a few french fries off my husband's plate! You pick how many strips you want plus a side. The 4-strip meal comes with a small piece of garlic bread. And there are several dips to choose from including a "house" strip dip which is my favorite because I'm partial to Thousand Island dressing. It's great for lunch or a light dinner. The food is cooked to order, but if you're in a hurry, you can call and order ahead. The staff is always very friendly and will change out your dip(s) if you aren't happy with your first choice. I always leave here feeling satisfied, but not stuffed. And like I've eaten healthy!
3	A new take on Chicken Strips using panko instead of seasoned flour. The sauces is where you have more variety. There are also other variations grilled and roast, both are good.
5	Awesome service, awesome food! What could be better? The owner even brought us out a free funnel cake! Will be back!
5	I enjoyed our visit here.  It can be a little difficult to find in the big parking lot/strip mall, but just drive over to Home Depot and you will see it's right there. We decided to try all the sauces, but the BBQ, because they don't make the BBQ in house. (They don't make the ranch either, but I like it with the buffalo sauce). The other sauces were as follows:Sweet chili - greatTeriyaki - goodBuffalo - goodWasabi - good Cheese - good (they don't make this either)Strip sauce - my fav!!!I order the 4 piece fried with a side of Mac and Cheese. The strip are crunchy with the Pablo breading and the sauces made them super yummy. The Mac and Cheese is pretty good too.  They make it with a creamy cheese sauce like a velvetta, and then cover it with a cheesy topping to make it gooey and delish!Even the garlic bread was good. We split a serving of the funnel cake with the strawberry and whipped cream on the side. Both of us agreed that it didn't need the toppings and it was perfect with just powdered sugar. I even had leftover Mac and cheese, and I stuck it in the over for 10 min the next day and it was just as good as the first time.
3	I odered a five piece fried strips with grilled veggie skewer. The veggies were AMAZING! The chicken was just okay. I suppose they're better than Raising Cane's (not really saying much) but that's probably because of the variety of sauces, which are also just okay, but at least they have 'em. Service was quick (no line) and friendly. The fried chicken strips, as a specialty, was not great. They do have one of those big red Coke machines with all the different flavors, which is nice, but skinny, thin straws: not nice. I can't imagine ever going back, except maybe to get the veggie skewer. The chicken is just not worth the time, money, or effort. Walt D in LV
5	Food was great. Sauces were great and you get a choice of 3 per meal! Try the strip sauce. Loved that even the fried chicken wasn't all greasy. Soda machine is awesome!!. Hope they open up more locations soon!
5	Yummy food & great service. Matt is really friendly & serviceable. The place is decorated really hip too. Check out the artwork in the restroom; you'll come out laughing.
5	I try and visit this place as often as possible. The panko crusted chicken fingers are so crisp and delicious.  They use only the best white me chicken breasts with no fat or other unmentionables.  They also make their own sauces for dipping in house.  My favs are the ranch, buffalo, cheese, and wasabi are extra delicious. I get the cheese sauce to dip my fries in.  Soooo good.  The staff here is always friendly and have great personalities that make a connection with each customer.  I think its great that they know my name before I get to the counter and are quick to greet. Sign up for the points program to earn free meals. After 60 points you get free chicken deliciousness  MMMMMMM! This place ROCKS and is a must try.
5	This place is great! Chicken is good, I especially like the Panko breading. The baked chicken is also full of flavor. The manager (Rashaad)  is very friendly and easy to talk to. They also have a "loyalty" program where they let you earn points for every dollar you spend. Once you earned 60 points, you get a free 4 strip meal. Overall, it is the best "chicken strips" place I've been to.
5	Great food!  In Vegas for vacation and just happened upon this place. I would definitely come back next time I am in town. All the sauces we tried were awesome. We had Buffalo, Wasabi cream, Sweet Chili, and honey mustard. The mac and cheese was also good,  nice and gooey and cheesy. I would recommend visitors and locals try this place. The employees were very nice and friendly and wanted to make sure we were happy and comfortable.
2	Maybe I went on a bad day. First time at Strip N Dip was probably my last. When I first arrived there was a man in line and another man standing off to the side. The cashier and the man standing to the side were having a conversation for about 2 minutes about something that seemed more like a friend/friend conversation than a cashier/customer conversation.  After waiting 5 minutes for the man in front of me to order, I noticed the cashier was handwriting everything.  It also took me 5 minutes to order. I paid by credit card but never signed anything and was never offered a receipt. I ordered two 4 strip meals. 1 baked, 1 fried. Sides were mac n cheese and french fries. Went with 2 barbecues, 1 honey mustard, and 1 house sauce.  Chicken was A-, but thats where it ended for me. Mac n cheese was terrible. There was no layer of cheese on top like in the pics. Very watered down and had what I can only describe as a bad water or plastic taste. The honey mustard and house sauce had the same taste. French fries were average at best. Its possible i might go back for the chicken, but I will probably just go to Raising Canes.
5	Totally have to say that I had high hopes for this place & they exceeded my expectations. We came in like 10 minutes until closing & in my experience, most places get pissy taking orders right before closing, but not this place. The awesome dude at the counter greeted us with enthusiasm & happily took our order. Signed us up for their points system  (awesome) & shortly got us our food. Got home, opened it up & oh boy!... perfect. Our food was fresh, chicken & veggies were crisp, no mistakes whatsoever.  I could live on mac & cheese and I almost died of cheesy gooey bliss. I got the 4 piece meal and there was wayyy too much food for me to finish (& that's okay, cause now I have lunch too, lol) great portion for the price. I will definitely be coming back. Soooo nomz. I'm drooling writing this review. Now you guys just need to deliver.... please... lol.
5	Oh yeah! Really good with a lot of great sauces.NOT a great dine in experience - just simple and tables.  The food, though, is excellent!
3	The food here was a-ok and I'd come back to try other chicken coating types...but location is far from the Henderson area. When I walked in, I didn't expect prices for chicken strips to be anything more than $8. Strips N Dip has their combo of 6 pieces that comes with 3 sauces and a side. I also got a drink and paid for my friend, total bill came out to $21.xx -- for chicken strips, this is pretty steep. The fries were also fried too long so it wasn't the best tasting. I'd consider coming back if I'm in the area but driving out to here from Henderson..nope. (for the same prices here, you could purchase a bowl of Pho and it'd be healthier too)
4	Wasabi cream dipping sauce tho. It bumped this from a 3 to 4-star review for me. The chicken strips were good and nicely fried. the baked mac and cheese was nothing special in my opinion. I would have gotten all 3 sauces as wasabi cream.
4	Good, simple, reasonably priced. Chicken strips were juicy and it looks like they add panko bread crumbs to their strip breading. Not sure tho but it tastes bomb. I had the 2 hot chicks combo (a hot dog w a chicken strip instead of the weiner) with a side of their Mac n cheese. I like that they also add mozzarella to their Mac n cheese. Nice sauce choices too. Had the wasabi cream n traditional buffalo.
5	Hands down best chicken strips ever!!!!! Nothing beats it! Tried it once and now I'm hooked. I personally like the fried strips with the honey mustard sauce. The Mac and cheese is also very good. Must try!
5	I LOVE this place. I try and eat here as often as I can convince other people to go when we're out and about. I have tried their grilled/baked strips and they are both amazing in different ways, the mac n Cheese is awesome and so are the grilled veggies. My favorite sauce is the house strip sauce. The young gentleman that runs the register/manages the place has the most amazing customer service. He's part of what makes this place such a great spot to grab some grub. I'm already a regular, and will remain so. Also I forgot to mention, the thai ice tea is amazing! I get it everytime I go. Not everyone likes it, but if you're feeling brave, try it out.
3	The place is small and well hidden in the commercial square next to Home Depot that can be easily missed or overlooked. Food is good. Prices and service are excellent! If you are looking for a place to grab chicken strips this is it!!!
5	Ate here today after finding them on Yelp. Very cool little place and the food is good. Had the 6piece strip with the Mac and Cheese. Definitely worth checking out!
3	I really, really want this place to succeed because they focus on one of my favorite things, chicken, and they also have grilled and baked options. However, the total package (when you add a drink) is a little high at about $10+ if you get the 6 strip combo (which you will want if you get baked or grilled because you won't have batter 'adding mass'). The fries seem like they are from a distributor, which is weird coming from a place that wants to elevate the chicken strip to an art form. I understand that this is likely to achieve economies of scale not possible in a one-location business. Additionally, several of the sauces (including barbecue, but I forget the others) are from a vendor as well, and not made in-house.This is important, at least to me, because for about $7.60, you can get a 'naked strips' combo at Popeyes and get basically the same amount of product, and arguably of similar or better quality. (Popeyes is fresh, not frozen, and has invested in test kitchen R+D for the various marinade/spice mixes used on the naked strips.)If I were getting the fried ones, I would have a hard time coming here frequently, just based on the quality and price of other options that are equally fresh and made-to-order such as Raising Cane's. But I'd still add this place to my rotation, easily.
5	Great grilled chicken and grilled veggies! Super clean and friendly. Great dips! Love it and it was healthy for me, my brother had the Mac and cheese too so not as healthy for him but he said it was great! :)
4	Loyalty point system is cool, the wasabi cream tastes like old BFG so that is really good.  Tell you the truth I will continue to come here.  It is a bit more than chicken shack though and that's ok.
2	Well I don't get it. I was under the impression this place had great chicken strips. I am a huge fan of Caine's so I had some high expectations. First of all the strips are a little small. Too much breading and not enough flavor. The sauces however are great, I will say that. I think that buffalo sauce was excellent. For the sides, I just found most of them to be lacking in flavor. Mac and cheese as well as the veggies the same. Not my cup of tea I guess, and I just find Caine's to be a superior product to this place. This is not a chain however and I would not want to discourage people from coming in and giving them a try. That plaza is not full of great food, so go for it, give them a shot if you are hungry and in that area.
5	I cannot get enough of this place, the chicken is the best chicken I have ever had. I love the variety of sauces, sides, and chicken.This place is delicious!
5	This somewhat-hidden gem has yet to disappoint me. Some of the best mac n' cheese, and the fries are great, too. Lots of tasty sauce choices. Not to mention the three styles of strips. Fried, baked, or grilled, you can't go wrong. Although the grilled strips didn't seem quite as juicy as the other styles. Not only is the food wonderful, but the staff is way better than average - always friendly with great attitudes. I
5	I tried this based on the Yelp reviews a few months ago.  It was a good choice.I usually get the baked, while my wife and kids get the grilled.  It has been great every time.  The owner and employees are what really make the place.  It has a true mom & pop feel to it, which is something lacking in Las Vegas, especially in this type of establishment.
4	There food tastes very good and the way you can build your own meal is great. The only complaint I have is the size of the chicken strips. They are very small. So if you're debating between how many to order, order more !
5	My friends took me here, and I thought... I don't even like chicken. How good can this possibly be? It's AMAZING. The chicken can be prepared one of three ways (fried, grilled, baked) and I really liked the baked chicken strips. As for my dips, I'm a huge fan of SPICY, so naturally got the buffalo sauce and hot wasabi sauce. The buffalo sauce was my favorite. Loved dipping my strips!For my sides, the individually baked mac n cheese was delicious, and the garlic bread was generously seasoned. I have no complaints about my meal. The 4pc option was filling enough for me, and I was pretty hungry. I'm just super impressed by how good this place is!
5	ZOMG! I was craving chicken strips, so I used Yelp and this was the first place that came up. And with very good reason! The baked chicken is so savory, moist, and tender; a perfect choice for strips. The fried chicken has a great breading that still retains all of its moisture. The mac'n'cheese is so delicious, with real cheese piled on! Even the fries have a great flavor! They have one of those new coke machines with a bunch of flavors, plus: Thai iced coffee and Thai iced tea!!! Who does that? These wizards of culinary delights, apparently. Their sauce selections are a perfect accompaniment, with classics like ranch and buffalo backed up by swinging originals like wasabi cream, sweet chili, and even cheese! We didn't try their grilled chicken or grilled veggies, but I can only imagine their mouth-watering effect; I promise I will devour them next time I'm there dear Yelpers! The place has the professional, clean feel of a chain (with solid social media marketing and tech to boot); but it's a stand-alone local business! If you're in Vegas and ever thinking "I'm hungry for fresh, original chicken", then look no further! Stop on in, and tell them Gary sent you. They won't remember me, but they'll remember your enthusiasm for their awesome chicken, just like mine! Nom nom nom!
4	Their foods really good, but one of the workers was rushing me to make my order, even though I was already rushing myself. Then she proceeded to have a condescending attitude towards me and my boyfriend.
