5	Super fromage et excellant service.
5	i had never before heard of or seen a pressed block of cheese curds, but believe me, it is the stuff dreams are made of.
4	Cool fromagerie on the way to the Jean Talon market. They have a huge selection of cheeses as well as some intersting jams, cookies and crackers. My friend and I picked up their excellent little tote bags. There was some misunderstanding about the price of these, but the owners resolved the issue in our favor and we only paid $1.39 for our cute little bags. The bags are great with holders included inside for wine bottles. I'll definitely be back.
5	Fromageries are about the only place you can get good cheese in Montreal.  All the grocery stores have really shitty selections.  For all the fromageries I've been to, La Fromagerie Hamel is absolutely my favorite in Montreal.  They have a grand selection and good prices.  There are a couple other fromageries around this one in particular, but they are not as large or well staffed as Fromagerie Hamel, so don't waste your time.I struggled on the rating between 4 and 5 stars because there is a cheese from France I really like, which oddly they have no idea what I'm talking about (brebirousse d'argental).  However, I can go to Ottawa, an English speaking area I might add, and get exactly this cheese.  On the other hand, they had variations of soft ripened sheep's cheese similar, so I can at least get that.  At the end of the day there is no better option in Montreal, so I'm sticking with a 5 star rating.Nevertheless, this is the best fromagerie I've been to and by far my favorite fromagerie in Montreal.
5	One of the best cheese stores anywhere, very formal in their training of how to handle and select cheeses.  The sheer number of cheeses available can make anyone feel overwhelmed, so what I suggest  to those going for the first time is to visit during the off days.By going on a week day, you will have an opportunity to take your time ask questions and even sample some of the cheeses before you buy.  Don't be intimidated to ask, questions and set the prices your would like to pay.  The staff there is very professional, and this can seem snobbish, or intimidating in it's formality, but as a long time, extremely frequent client of theirs I can assure you they are really only looking to help.  So take your time getting to know them and the gazillion cheeses they offer and you will be happy.Ironically one of my repeat purchases is a simple fresh cheddar, made locally called the St Guillaume, I usually have a piece served first, then I nibble on it while selecting other cheeses.  Go try and have fun
5	So.  Much.  Cheese.  Perhaps one of the best selections I've ever seen.  But that's not what makes this place great.The staff is enchating.  They actually know their product well.  I went in knowing exactly what I wanted.  One sharp cheddar, preferably made in Montreal.   One bleu cheese, also hopefully local.  Creamy, sharp and sweet.The closest Montreal cheese for bleu was very good but he suggested I also try a French cheese which was amazing as well in different ways.  I bought both.3 hunks of very nice cheeses were under $20.   Joy for all.Also, if you want to make your own poutine, this is the place to get the curds.Not in Montreal?  Pas de probleme.  They are online too.
5	Hello cheese heaven. I love you. In addition to all the cheese, which I can't speak of because I might weep, there are local saucisson sec and fresh breads and pastries and inexpensive olives. And oh god. The cheese!
5	the best  cheese selection hands down in montreal. they  have cheeses you just can't find anywhere else in the area...like their nuage de bourgogne... a beautiful light and creamy soft cheese with a relatively mild rind...like a fluffy cloud of  slightly tangy silky goodness. first place i tried bellavitano at the recommendation of one of the  conseillers and it's almost like cheese candy. they have a great merlot and expresso one too. be sure to ask about their homemade canberge et bleuet cheese spread just a little denser and tangier than cream cheese. delicious!! sometimes i'll just tell him what i'm in the mood for and get some suggestions. I've never been dissapointed.also not to miss is their sellection of terrines made with unexpected combinations of fruit and unusual meats/poultry/game/etcthere is usually at least a few specials of the week. lets you try out a new cheese or meat product. love it!!!
4	As a person who is lactose intolerant, my love of cheese is true testament to the fact that I must be a masochist. I am constantly on the lookout for new cheeses, and am particularly fond of local cheese-makers. Hamel carries an impressive selection of local cheeses and I am particularly fond of picking their brains for some of the newer selections available.The prices here are reasonable and the service is always friendly and accommodating.
5	The service we received was nothing short of excellent.  I tried a few Quebec cheeses and ended up with three excellent choices.  The store stocks all the necessary supplies to put together a nice cheese course.  The sourdough baguette was also really well done.
4	I went there for a quick lunch. Disappointed to see only 2 kinds of sandwich, but I'm guessing that's not their main priority. Not only that, but the sandwich was rock hard even though it's made the same day. The cheese and the turkey was pretty good though, even though for a 5$ sandwich there weren't that much ingredients.Next time I'll go for the good cheese, but for now, it's a 3-star.EDIT: well I went back for the cheese and salami. Very professional help and cater to my needs. They even let you sample b4 buying!
4	Fromagerie Hamel is a serious institution in cheese that has been serving Montreal's cheese loving population for over 60 years!  What you have here is a strong selection of any kind of cheese to serve your liking!  Also a fine selection of cured sausages, oils, jams, cookies, chocolate and most of the finer and rich things you need to find to compliment a meal or snack.  What I have found here however is the cafe caps "re-useable" caps for a Nespresso machine.  Location is right adjacent to Marche-Jean Talon.  A great place to come for your cheese or fine food fixing!
4	Maybe a little pricey, but damn, do they have a lot of cheese. On the weekends it seems like they do some great sampling of cheeses that are on sale. This was great for us because we found two that we'd never had and they were delicious! Very friendly staff as well.
5	I felt like I was cheating on America's Dairyland.No Wisconsin cheese but hundreds, HUNDREDS you guys from around the world!And even though I'm lactose free I could appreciate the spectacular array of options and add-ons, quick things to grab for a lovely picnic or some charcute.
5	I have entered cheesy heaven. This fromagerie was bustling with people when I went in at 3pm. We were buying cheese for a picnic but we had no idea what was good or what when with what. Thankfully, the girl at the cheese counter was super nice and helpful. We told her what we were having for the picnic and she recommended cheeses accordingly. We sampled 4 different kinds of cheeses and ended up getting 2 amazing ones. Albeit expensive, the place was far from bougie. But coming here has definitely made me more of a cheese snob.
5	In many cases, the best finds are in and around markets. La Fromagerie Hamel only proved this theory, and surpassed all my expectations for quality, service and shopping experience. There is a sort of organized chaos, as shoppers pick up numbers and wait for a very knowledgeable, very efficient staff member to serve them. They allow you to sample and answer any questions you have about place of origin, pairings and recommendations (even vague, open-ended ones like "what soft and creamy cheese do you like?"). They have an incredible selection of Quebec-made cheese. We loved the strong semi-crumbly Bleu Queen Elizabeth, and the oh-so-creamy Alexis de Portneuf. In addition, LFH has wonderful pate and rillettes that are perfect when paired with cheese and a baguette for an impromptu indoor picnic. I would definitely return to LFH. They know their cheese, and they made our shopping experience both pleasant and delicious.
