3	Went here for lunch today.  There is always a lot of people running around this location... I could never figure out how profitable it is to deliver sandwiches for lunch-with the promise of fast delivery too.This location is near my office... the parking lot is a little awkward to get in and out, but the service is quick, the food is consistently good, and the place is kept clean.I don't stray too far from my #5 Vito straight up with chips and a drink.
4	I love this place. I go there for lunch often and they have some of the best cold subs around. Far better than subway. It's a little weird having greetings yelled at you when you walk in the door but I guess that's just company policy. The bread is awesome and totally makes the sandwiches.
5	Great subs, extremely quick service. I arrived one time with my son about an hour before they were scheduled to open and the only guy there came outside, invited us in, and made us subs.
4	This place is a godsend. I take the bus to work and there isn't really anything walking distance from my office. So when I stupidly rush out the door in the morning without anything to have for lunch this place is pretty much my only option unless I want to spend well over $10 for lunch on a work day, which I don't. And frankly, I could do a lot worse. I never get anything but a roast beef sub or the Italian Nights sub but both are head and shoulders above similar sandwiches at Subway. Come to think of it, I really should branch out a bit. As far as I can tell, they cut all their meats and cheeses to order and the bread is always pretty much perfect. Oh, and they've never once gotten anything in my order wrong. You wouldn't think that would be that impressive, but I don't eat mayonnaise. And from my experience at other sub shops and fast food places, grasping the mind-bending concept of a sandwich without mayo is an achievement of staggering genius. And in case you were wondering, they are not kidding in their goofy commercials about how fast their delivery is. I literally clicked confirm order, stepped out for a quick cigarette and when I returned to my desk the reception lady was already calling me to tell me the Jimmy John's guy was here! I know it's not far, but DAMN! And it's always like that, even during rush hour.
5	This JJ's is the best one ever!!  They are always perfect with my orders (even if its my whole store's lunch order!). They are super nice and just great!!  Thanks!!
