4	after i moved out by myself and couldn't afford cable unless it was split three ways, i spent A LOT of time here while living in Tempe. it's decent for a chain video joint, but, like anywhere else, if it's not a hot new release, they've got about one copy. if you rent it only find out it's scratched or won't play, you're simply SOL. that's happened more than a few times and they didn't offer to have one sent over from another store, and i had to ask for rain check.and with more popular indy films, they'll have like three or four copies but they're always gone, like always. i've been waiting for Hard Candy for about...six months. i'm pretty sure they just put the box out there for show at this point.kids that work the counter are friendly enough, and all week long it's filled with college age couples or sorority sisters on the hunt for "the holiday" or some such nonsense ( i have this theory that all sorority girls love cameron diaz).
4	This Blockbuster is better than most other Blockbusters and I'm judging it by that alone.  It's not as phenomenal as Video Paradise by any means, but it did have a good deal of what I was looking for during strange movie binges.I've seen some really decent documentaries, like How to Draw a Bunny, In the Realm of the Unreal and some artsy fartsy favorites of mine like Koyaanisqatsi.  The cashiers are pretty cool.  A couple years ago, I was renting one of the discs to Pee-Wee's Playhouse as well as Sin City and the cashier said, "Whoa, you've got a weird night ahead of you."  I seem to recall that I did.I have pleasant memories of this place.  I won't go into specifics, but my friends and I did a bunch of drugs and realized, "Oh fuck!  We forgot to get movies!"  We knew we had a good 45 minutes before the drugs kicked in so we hightailed it on out to Blockbuster to get some movies.  It was a race against time to get in, grab some DVDs and get out before we started tripping.  Everything worked out fine.  Things got a little, for lack of a better word, "vivid," but that's about it.When it comes to Blockbuster, this one's a notch above the rest.  It's got some pretty decent, trashy horror flicks (nothing too Grindhouse-y, nothing like I Spit on your Grave or Cannibal Ferox).  I would recommend this place, though.  You never know what they're going to have and you'd be surprised by some of the flicks that you thought Blockbuster would never allow within their sacred, corporate walls.
5	The employees are for the most part very friendly, and right now they've got some sweet deals going on for candy.  2 sodas, 2 candies, and a popcorn for $5, or 1 soda, 1 candy, and 1 popcorn for $3.  Plus they give out free gift cards for pre-ordering movies and games.  They also have a new thing called Direct Access, where if there's a movie or game title that they don't have in the store, they can have it mailed to you within 2-3 business days for the same price as renting it in the store.  You can mail it back when you're done, or bring it back to the store for $3 off a movie rental or $4 off a game rental.  Sweeeet.
3	My go to Block Busteri figure the transition to net flix is imminent it's merely a matter of habit i supposeits sad to think the neighborhood video store will be an unknown thing to our children most likely, all that aside: this location has a fairly decent selection- and more often than not i am surprised to find some really good and quirky films here; ghost in the shell, true romance, into the void, and even a jean Luc-Goddard movie once! So i will stop by despite the rapidly approaching day when this whole concept is obsolete.
