5	I visited here for the first time 3 weeks ago. It is a brand new nail salon, they also do facials & eyebrows. The prices are average for the Ballantyne area. They do offer 20% off mon-thurs if you have the Ballantyne corporate card. Unfortunately I cannot remember the girl who did my nails but she did an excellent job I got a pedicure...my feet felt so smooth afterwards. They also offer an organic pedicure. The atmosphere is so relaxing they also offer drinks including wine complimentary. Many people don't know about them because they are brand new. I highly recommend them my nails still look great after three weeks no chips at all.
5	Hands down best nail salon in the Ballantyne/Blakeney area! Relaxing atmosphere, incredibly clean and exceptionally friendly staff. I have visited nearly every nail salon in the area, and they are by far the best! I highly recommend Allure for those who are looking for an above average experience.
5	I moved to Charlotte 2 years ago and it has been very hard to find a good nail salon. Allure is VERY clean and the staff is extremely friendly. They genuinely care about doing a good job with your nails and are professional with their work. Right now they are doing 20%!
5	I moved to Charlotte a year ago, and after visiting MANY nail salons in the area,  Allure was recommended to me by a friend.  I am extremely picky about how my nails look, and for the first time ever, I left the salon absolutely pleased.  My nails looked great, Holly did a fantastic job on my pink and whites.  She really pays attention to detail.  All the girls that work there are so friendly, always attentive.  I HIGHLY recommend Allure.
5	I just moved to Ballantyne and was looking for a new nail salon.  The salon is modern and comfortable.  They gave me a great gel mani and pedi!  I'll be back for sure.
5	Found this place right by my office and it's great! Very friendly service and did a great job with my nails. I'll be back!
5	My go to place close to my office. Wonderful staff. Great prices. Quality services. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a great manicure, pedicure, or brow wax at a good price!
5	Hands down, the least expensive nail salon in the Ballantyne area. The staff is excellent and efficient, and the services are great. I would recommend this spot to anyone in the area!
5	thanks so much for pampering my father in law with a great pedicure!  he is 82 and had never had a pedicure before so i decided to treat him  he loved it!!!!
5	I'm very pleased with my gel manicure I received today at Allure. I was greeted by the lovely staff upon entering . My nail technician , Holly, did a great job on my nails . I've been a loyal customer at Aloha Nails for a few years now and felt I needed to look around for something new . Allure will be my choice now for my nail services. Thank you to Holly and Tammy for their outstanding customer service!
5	Favorite nail salon in Charlotte! Very clean and amazing service. Highly recommend this salon to anyone!
5	I went into Allure nails tonight in south Charlotte. Very clean, very friendly and I truly enjoyed my experience. I went later in the day so it was just myself in there. I would recommend to friends.
5	I stopped in here last Sunday and I love it! First of all, being open on Sunday is a HUGE plus for those of us who are busy every other day. Everyone there was very sweet and helpful. The salon itself is comfortable and, most importantly, VERY SANITARY! Sanitation is huge to me and they were spot on with their tools and stations! The experience was relaxing and quiet, which is just what I look for. The end results were fantastic, both of the nail techs were very detail oriented. There is plenty of parking and the location is easy to get to and find. Overall, a really great experience and I will go back!
2	New to the area, so I turned to Yelp for assistance is finding my new manicurist. I went to Allure based on reviews and I must say my experience was "blah".  While the people were extremely nice- my mani/ pedi was mediocre.  I arrived 50 min prior to them closing ( I called to ensure they were able to take me). The entire experience was rushed. I think my foot was in the water no longer than 1.5 min the entire pedicure. Then my gel (UV light) nails were done at the pedi chair... She actually brought the lamp to the chair and placed it on the arm. I was shocked. There were still remnants of my old polish on my hand that I pointed out to one of the techs (two worked on me at the same time). Needless to say my relaxing nail adventure turned into quite the opposite. Had I known that the main priority was for the techs to go home for the day... I would have took my business elsewhere. The shop closed on time and I received a lackluster job. First time experienced ruined... However I will say they were friendly and the shop was clean.
5	Stopped in this afternoon for a manicure and had an experience that was consistent to my last one.  This place is pretty solid all around. - It's clean- I've been able to see the same tech both times (Holly)- My Pedicure is still going strong from the last visit - Holly is gentle yet thorough.The decor is standard while soothing; background easy-listening tunes, small water feature, and obligatory bamboo with a more contemporary feel than other places I've been.   Not as many stations here so it's got more of a boutique feel, as well. The ladies here also have a fun sense of humor!
5	The staff is very friendly, especially the manager Tam. The weekday prices are great and my nails are always well done. I would highly recommend taking advantage of their services during the work week because the prices are cheaper. They also have fun monthly specials like the pumpkin manicure. - Clean- Pretty- Comfortable- Friendly
5	Allure is top-notch. Very clean, very comfortable, very welcoming atmosphere. I have had spa treatments for a long long time and this was probably one of the best, most thorough and meticulous pedicures I've ever had. Holly was amazing. I will be back. So grateful I found my new go-to place.
5	Awesome pedi and gel nails. Holly game me a great pedi. Love the selection of gel colors!
5	Discovered this great salon a few months ago. Very friendly and they do great work. They strive to please the client.  I especially appreciate that they don't chat amongst themselves in a foreign language while doing my nails.
5	Great mani and pedi! Holly did a wonderful job.  I will be returning for sure.  They have a great selection of polish, offered wine and tea.  The store is nice and clean as well as great massage chairs!
5	Went to Allure Nails for the first time today as I work across the street and was looking for a place close by to get a pedicure on my way home. It was a Tuesday night and I was the only customer when I arrived. I was greeted warmly by the three women working there and they quickly sat me down at a station. First impression the place looks very clean which is a major plus. They offered me tea, water or wine too. The experience as a whole was great, and the pedicure was nice and relaxing. The women were very friendly and accommodating. The prices are reasonable and they have 20% off Mon- Wed. I will be back!
5	I love Lisa! Everyone is great and friendly. Their work is amazing! A must visit :) They do great pedicures with plenty of options. They have a large selection of gel polish colors and a variety of different manicures. Everyone is nice but Lisa is my fav. You will not be disappointed.
5	Allure Nail Salon is a great place to relax and treat yourself to the best mani/pedi in Ballantyne. Everybody is super nice and fun. Enjoyed myself and had a great time. My pedicure was t
5	I get manicures and pedicures regularly and have traveled throughout the country for work,  so I've had the opportunity to try a LOT of different places. Allure Nails is among the best I've ever been to. I come here about once a month on my lunch break. There are a lot of nail salons in the Ballantyne area but I continuously come back to Allure Nails. First and most importantly,  the salon is impeccably clean and hygienic. I've had manis (including gel) and pedis from three different people and they have all delivered consistent high quality. The pedicure chairs are comfortable and I am always offered a beverage (water, tea and even wine!) They have a good selection of polish (both regular and gel) and I always feel like I'm getting what I pay for. If you work in Ballantyne Corporate Park, your BCP card will give you a discount, but even if you don't, they offer 20% off Monday - Wednesday! Though I usually come during the week, I would absolutely come back on the weekend from the Matthews area where I live,  rather than finding another nail salon that I don't trust. If you find yourself looking for a nail salon, don't hesitate to try Allure Nails, you won't be disappointed. Tell them Candice sent you and stop by Which Wich next door for lunch!
5	Wow!! Great pedicure!! I will do this every time I have a meeting with B&W/Duke Energy!!!! Worth the drive!!!
5	I went Monday and I love going after work. I got my eyebrows waxed and a fresh gel overlay. I had to soak off the acrylic off my nails. The technician actually took the time to do and didn't damage or hurt my nail beds like other salons do.  My nails came out perfect and I'm happy. I'll be returning again.
5	Love this place! Excellent customer service.....I've received soooo many compliments on my nails -- would definitely recommend this nail salon!
5	These ladies ROCK!!!  I came a casualty of another nail place.  I wasn't going to spend extra money to undo what I already had paid almost $100 for another place to do.  But, after seeing the most positive reviews in the area at this Nail Salon I thought I give it a shot.  I have acrylic nails on with gel polish on top so I asked them to take the gel polish off and just do a design with the regular polish.  They obliged without trying to convince me otherwise and ended up doing a cute little design with doing a manicure on my hands as well.  They also repainted my big toe to match my new design on my hands.  They were great conversationalist very appreciative to have my sale and only charged me $30 to which I gave a $10 tip for the holidays.  When I'm in town visiting family I will be sure to only come to the salon.  They are fabulous!
4	I don't get my nails done very often, but I went here on New Years Eve to welcome in the new year right haha. I got a pedi mani done & both women were great! Van did my pedi & I believe Molly did my pedi (Sorry Molly if I got your name wrong. She's the woman who looks young but has 3 children, one being a teen). My foot/leg massage felt SO good. Gentle but firm. Definitely recommend coming here. Van was a great conversationalist & made me feel very comfortable.
