4	The Weary Traveler Free House is a cozy little tavern in the Willy St. neighborhood on the East side of town.  Bar food that tastes like it's been made with some care.  Bob's Bad Breath Burger and the West of the Andes sandwich are always big hits.  Fantastic selection of beer on tap (Lake Louie and Great Dane are two highlights) and solid bartenders.  Can sometimes be a victim of its own success; Friday and Saturday nights can be really crowded and you're always standing in the way of the waitstaff.
4	Ever since the smoking ban this place has become less of a hipster bar and more of an aging yuppy restaurant, but the food is still good and the service is excellent.  I especially like it that they have every one of my favorite board games that got flooded out of my basement when I was 10.  Ah, memories.
4	Good food, NO SMOKE!  Hey, this place is probably worth going back to again!
4	Ah, my old stomping grounds. Used to go here all the time to see my friend's bluegrass band. I love the food: med plate is great although short on pita, the burger is heavenly but will in fact make your breath smell like hell, the porkchops are worth the price, and the tom ka tofu soup's a killer. The thing I can't forgive though is that they got rid of the Sunday brunch. They had the most amazing almond buttermilk pancakes that were all-you-can-eat. Why oh why did that end? Moving on, this was often the place that I started my nights, and then ended up staying and ending them there as well. And was never worse off for it.
4	What can I say about the Weary Traveler?  To start with, for such a small menu, everything, and I mean everything, on it is delightful.  The menu is as diverse as the people who frequent it with vegan, vegitarian, and omnivorous cuisine.  I personally recommend the Carne Asada steak.  The atmosphere reeks (in a good way) of a classic wanderer's stopoff, replete with wagon wheels on the wall.  Though some similar establishments can create sensory overload, the Weary Traveler thankfully falls short of the kitsch-y quality that is the trap of so many restaurants.  Plus, for me, it has the added incentive of being the place I met my soon-to-be wife.
4	Came here my very first night in Madison and returned many more times -- mostly to drink (good selection of local beers on tap), but the food is excellent. Try the veggie chili with cornbread for something different. Plenty of decent-sized tables if you're with a big group but you're gonna wait a goodly while for one on weekends.
4	I'm not sure if the grilled cheese sandwich on the inch thick slices of wheat bread is the best grilled cheese I've ever had.  It was, however, easily in the top five.  Scrumptious, with munch salad.  Not a bad welcome to the Badger State.
5	Debating which is better, to have loved and lost or to have never loved before, omits the worst: to own the heartache of having willingly left the state of the Weary...Seasonal brews never tasted so good as this: come in after working in the neighborhood, catch up with the frequent Travelers, stay for a fulfilling bite to eat.  On that last note, try everything on the menu your politics allow you to, then step outside your cuisine comfort zone and try some more.  Return as often as necessary.  If they start knowing you by name (and it's accompanied by a smile or a handshake) take a moment to appreciate life, then politely ask if you could have the walleye in the West of the Andes, or try a slice of cheese on the Canadian fish sandwich.  But all original, as-is menu items and chalkboard specials hit the spot at one time or another, so eat with reckless abandon.  There's something for everyone and every possible craving even if chocolate's your meal (although then you'll have to quiz the staff's memory on what perfectly sized, locally made confection is being offered that particular day/night).If you're coming for the music, great.  If you get there a little late for the show, conveniently painted on the wall are some contemplative verses you can read and ponder over as you stand off to the side of the bar waiting for a spot to open.  Or you can see how many languages and places you recognize in the mapped washrooms.  Or you can pat yourself on the back for reading the changing fine print on the menu.  Or you can wonder why special cigar-smoking privilege is given to one Sanford DeWitt...  Knowing that last story and having a genuine connection to it makes my heartache for this place a little less wearisome.  Reminding myself I have not lost the Weary Traveler makes a trip home to visit all the more enticing.
4	I wandered into the Weary Traveler and saddled up to the bar both weary and hungry, having braved the frigid cold walk from my apartment.  The friendly wait staff served me up with a "West of the Andes" sandwich (w/ steak) and a tasty beer from one of their taps.  The sandwich was just the right size, scrumptious, and decently priced.  Service was quick around 5:30pm on a Saturday, but I have a feeling it gets quite busy later in the evening.  Looks to be a fun place to hang out with a group.
4	Good food, with the usual good variety of beer choices available in Madison.  Get there early if you're with a large group, the large tables go quickly.  As usual for Madison bars, I love the no smoking law :-)
4	I wish there was a place like this in Milwaukee, or at least, I wish I would discover it. We stopped on the way into town Friday evening to meet a friend, and by 9:00 the place was practically packed. Nice beer selection, and we enjoyed a tasty snack place, with chips and good guacamole and pico de gallo. Service was good. Overall, it's pretty loud, but still doable for a good conversation. I love the dark wood and sleek but unpretentious atmosphere. Greatest thing was leaving the bar and realizing I didn't reek of smoke. I'm sorry for your smokers, but I so hope Milwaukee will enact its own smoking ban soon!
5	Outstanding, out-of-the-ordinary pub food, great atmosphere, good drinks. A little cramped on weekends and I think they don't heat the bathroom because no matter how warm with drink I am I always lose a finger or two whenever I have to pee.Food-wise, skip the Mediterranean platter and the ghoulash and go for the generously splittable cheese and meat platter, the veggie salad, whatever the first sandwich option is (definitely with tuna!) or the Thai-something-something soup. Sadly no longer carries Delirium Tremens beer.
5	If it is possible, and you desire,  to become hip and artistic by being near those who are then you should head over to the Weary Traveler. The food is great and the beer selection good. Really this place is the whole package.
5	I don't care if you're on a first date, a vampire, or some kindof strange gum or deodorant professional whose job it is to smell good all the time, you order the Bad Breath Burger because it is the most garlicy-cheesy-delicious piece of cow you will ever have.  I miss this place so much and tell everyone I know to go there for the burger alone, but everything else on the menu is terrific as well.
5	we just moved to madison, and the weary traveler is around the corner from our house. we came here one of our first nights in town, and we've been going back twice or so times a week ever since. if you get there early, it's super casual and laid back, a great place for a beer or two after work. later in the evening, it can get crowded. the vegetarian food on the menu is fabulous. the tom ka tofu is OUTSTANDING. surprisingly good, vegetarian fare for a bar. love it.
5	I love, love, love, love, love Bob's Bad Breath Burger!  It is the best burger I've ever had so far!  The meat is perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked.  There's no tomoto-lettuce mumbo-jumbo on it at all.  It's got a few slices of melted cream cheese and then this incredible balsamic onion saute which totally makes my toes curl and my eyes role back in my head.  "OMG, it's SO hella good.." is all I can usually muster up when I'm stealing bites from my husband's plate.  Why oh why don't I ever order the burger for myself?!  Oh and one thing, it doesn't come with french fries but home fries (like the kind you'd get for breakfast)  which almost terrified me because I love french fries with my burgers.  Although I realized that the home fries aren't bad actually but you hardly need them because the burger is so dang good on it's own!  And if you're a vegetarian, the Mediterranian Platter (hummus, tabouli, flat bread and salad with feta, tomatoes, red onions, kalamata olives and yummy dressing) is delicious!
1	Grade: Pure EvilLousy service. Putrid food. I truly hate this place. This is a hippie's idea of fine cuisine. The hairy-legged waitress, with 4 nose rings and doused in patchouli oil was the cherry on this turd sundae.
5	Bad Breath BurgerCarne AsadaCould not stop saying "mmmmmmmmm" the entire meal.Good atmosphere, good service.  What more can you ask for?
4	I stopped in here on a friday afternoon around 3pm. This being my first time in here, I came in not knowing what to expect of its seating and atmosphere. It was quiet though with its music playing at a resonable volume. I found a seat at the bar and was greeted by a friendly bartender. The Bloody mary came in a 12 oz glass and could have used more mix but I did not say anything. As I wait for my food I looke around the place and admired its old origionality from the bar to the tin ceiling and wondered how origional the hardwood flooring was as it appeared to be very worn. Dang I dig these old taverns and am saddened to see that these places like union house have to go. Madison still has plenty of them though. Finally, the reason I came in here, to try the bad breath burger. It came with  side of greens with dressing and some potatoes. Wow, I liked this so much I really want to come back and try the west of the andes sandwich that I have read some good reviews about. The burger definately rocked!
4	Great atmosphere, plenty of board games available to play while you wait, sometimes the live music is fun. The bad breath burger is a fave. Sometimes hard to get a table so get there early if it's a weekend. Plenty of parking available.
5	The weary traveler can be loud when it's really crowded, but the food is so good.  My favorite is the bad breath burger.  The burger by itself is good, but then it's full of garlic and onions too.  I love this place.
3	This place should also be listed under "Night Life" category. I stopped by here with my friend for a beer. I liked the board game selections - I can definitely come here again just play some games while getting buzzed. The cool part is their beer selection. Thank YOU for having Lake Louis beers on the menu. I don't always see Lake Louis scotch ale (my favorite) at every bar in Madison, so kudos to Weary Traveler for having the solid standard for what beer to serve. Good atmosphere, but I don't know how attentive the servers are .... . I'd love to try their food next time around.
5	I took some out-of-town guests to WT, purely based on the previous reviews here on Yelp and OH MY GOD! This place is great! Granted, it was a loud Friday night, but I was expecting (and even welcoming) that sort of environment. I was absolutely blown away by the food. When I skimmed the prices on the menu (before actually reading the item names), I mistakenly assumed I was looking at an appetizer menu! The prices are rock bottom, and yet the quality and character of the fare was outstanding. I'll be making sure to visit here again.I'm no hippie, but I did feel at ease with the lack of any TVs in sight of our table and Michael Franti's voice barely audible in the background.Maybe next time, I'll challenge my dinner guests to a friendly game of connect four -- yep, they've got a rack full of classic board/table/card games for those of us that prefer to interact with our friends while enjoying a pint as opposed to screaming at a sports game on TV.pure. genius.
5	Awesome food. Awesome atmosphere. I've never had a bad experience with the wait staff. Occasionally it gets busy and it takes a little longer but that's to be expected. I love this place.
3	Only been there once and the service was sloooooooooooooooooooow. Maybe everyone was just stoned.  The food is great though. Biggest surprise: the french toast (seriously).  Nice relaxed atmosphere with great music playing at a decent volume to allow conversation. Good beers on tap.
4	I absolutely adore the Weary T.  The food is consistently awesome--nothing on the menu is bad.  I recommend the Walleye sandwich, mostly because it comes with the world's best potatoes on the side (the sandwich is also good).  Everything is hearty and tasty.  The only downside is *sometimes* the wait is long (and there's no real place TO wait) and/or the waitstaff is slow.   Even then, though, the music is good, the decor is nice, there are board games to play, and most importantly, the beer is cold.  Why hurry?Oh, and I forgot: They refuse to split checks.  Very lame.
5	The Weary Traveler is the hands-down best restaurant in Madison. From the atmosphere to the appetizers (not to mention the Carne Asada - definitely in my top 3 favorite meals), this place is a must-visit. Sure, there's the wait time to get a seat on a weekend night, but the vibe is good and people are generally quite friendly. They've got board games in the back and the beer is always excellent (everytime i go, they've got bell's oberon, so i'm grateful). 5 stars. Mmm, maybe we should go tonight ...
5	I sure wish I'd come hungry....in any event, with the 87 degree temps yesterday, I was powerfully THIRSTY. Since I'd started with vodka earlier, I asked the bartender to surprise me with a big vodka drink to quench my thirst. She came back with a vodka Tom Collins, with muddled lemons in the bottom of the glass, and it was fabulous! I have a new summer cocktail, and here's the best part: $3.50 each! I told her she must've undercharged me, with a $7 tab, but she said that was the price for bar vodka. I will definitely be back and hopefully try that Walleye sandwich and potatoes that Heather T. raves about.
5	Walleye sandwich + Czechvar for the win.  You bet I'll be back to tackle the Bad Breath Monster, mints in tow.
4	We met someone for lunch at the Weary Traveler while we were in town and I was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere is just dark enough and just cozy enough to feel instantly comfortable. My Reuben sandwich was not really one in the traditional sense,but I totally dug their interpretation. The rye was super thick and the corned beef was as well and it wasn't inundated with cheese and sloppy sauerkraut like the typical one is. The fries were great and my iced tea had a hoppy taste and almost had me thinking I was drinking a beer. It was fantastic! I sampled my girlfriend's plate and her sandwich was great too! I want to go back.
2	The Weary Traveler seems to have long been a restaurant fixture along Willy Street way much like Lazy Jane's and Jamerica.  Initially walking in you can start to see why, the walls have poems fragments sprawled across them, mood lighting, the atmosphere bustling, a nuanced decor with suspended bicycles and rotary telephones on some tables, and a marvelous looking old style crimson ceiling, all very appealing and promising.  Unfortunately the food left me cold, literally.  Learning after we ordered that the Carne Asada was out, my partner and I both switched choices to the famous Bad Breath Burger and the special of the day a pulled pork sandwich.  After a wait which was over thirty minutes, the food finally came.  The pulled pork sandwich was plain and simply cold, not even with the allusion that it had once been warm.  I also heard the person next to me remark the same thing.  Perhaps this is how it's done at the Weary but if so it was simply blah.  The slaw was just as flat as the pork, not juicy nor that flavorful and the bun was dry, stale, and overly bready.  The side salad was basically just plain greens with a tiny hint of dressing.  I wasn't expecting a BBQ style gargantuan but it was simply very lifeless and plain.  The burger was alright, I applaud the neat concept of adding cream cheese and some garlic and it was better cooked and tastier, but a burger is a burger; grill someone a piece of fatty meat how can it be un-tasty?The service too was also fairly abominable.  In no way rude, just really slow, and unhelpful.  The specials weren't told to us and the board is fairly hidden, the food mysteriously took way too long, and it doesn't take 20 minutes to come pick up a credit card.  I don't think this was a fluke either as I observed these waiting phenomenon happening to other tables.  Perhaps having a very eclectic menu causes everything to sort of swim in mediocrity without honing in on something with precision.  I'm sure the Weary Traveler isn't as bad as I've made it out to be, the place is a staple afterall, but from my visit there it left me disappointed and weary.
4	Dim bar, cold drink, good tunes, Bad Breath Burger. Oh yes. This is SUCH a great place. They always get great live music, and it's fun to sit down with a sampler and some friends and actually get to HEAR them talk. A mellow place to catch up or settle down.
4	Weary Traveler is one of my local favorites,  a pretty distinctive expression of Madison's  Willie Street  sensibility that serves  interesting and distinctive dishes in a friendly and comfortable neighborhood atmosphere. Their interpretations of a reuben sandwich and burger (their justly celebrated "Bob's bad breath" burger) keep me coming back for lunch, and their carne asada makes a nice meal as well. I'm trying to make my way through some of their other dishes, each of which has its own creative elements. Much of what they do is locally sourced, with good veggie options. There are good non-alcoholic drink options, including their "catfish", a kind of fresh, tart lime-ade that i find especially refreshing, and a good iced tea and Sprecher root beers as well.I'm something of a regular, and I find service both competent and very friendly and welcoming. No waitrons here--the servers have real human personalities. Food can take a bit longer to come out than I would sometimes prefer, and their excellent potato side dish sometimes comes out lukewarm rather than hot. Their salad greens can be a bit bitter for my taste. But these are minor imperfections in a generally great place.
4	Huzzah South of the Border Snackplate!Huzzah vegan chili and awesome cornbread!Not so huzzah the goulash, but what're you gonna do?Good service, tasty foodstuffs, fun times!
4	The menu is small, but everyone can find something to love (West of the Andes Sandwich with Tenderloin is my pick) and then stick with when in the mood for something familiar, satisfying, and delicious.  They also have a few unique varying bar options, including a good array of local taps, a fun sparkling Shiraz (bottle is only $20), and Grog now that it is winter.  Dessert is very limited, but there are a few unique appetizer options (the South of the Border plate is giant and could easily feed 2-3 people for under $10), so it's a good place for dinner or snacking.  The tables are mostly small, so it is a cozy and intimate place but too squished and loud for big groups.  The service can be lousy when they are busy, but the atmosphere is so satisfying that you can settle in and enjoy your company- this isn't a good place if you are pressed for time.
5	Just an amazing, wonderfully diverse, deliciously unique restaurant. Please go and enjoy the menu, the specials, the owners (who are ALWAYS on premise). What to try?  Everything.  if you can't become a regular, I recommend the South of the Border plate to start, the Bob's Bad Breath Burger and the Gulash. The wine list is OUTSTANDING and the bar is top shelf (with very few exceptions) at well prices.For me, the best thing about Madison was meeting my wife. The worst was leaving the Weary Traveler behind.
5	One of the best things about the Eastside. A nice cup of chili and a grilled cheese costs around $6. The people who work here are totally friendly. You can sit and play a game. Nice music is always playing, plus it isn't totally loud.One note of warning though; the weekend nights can be kind of a mess. They don't seem to have much a seating system, there doesn't seem to be a host/hostess, and you can watch a table or a seat at the bar that you thought was about to be yours get swooped up by a more wily patron. But it is just that great of a place that you don't really care.EDIT: This seems to have been fixed. Several Friday nights I have gone there and the seating situation is much less chaotic. You will still have to stand in the hallway 3 deep because it will be packed.
2	okay. i know i "should" love this place and think i am in the minority here but - c'mon. every time i am at this place i feel like they (the staff) think they are doing  me a favor by letting me in. had dinner w/ 3 others in late january and knew we were in for trouble from the start. first the "wrong server" came to our table, took our drinks order and disappeared. then the "right server" came to our table and said that the other person was mistaken. still no drinks. then the "wrong server" came back and apologized for the confusion. still no drinks. sooner or later, our drinks arrived and then we placed our dinner order. at the suggestion of the "right server" i got the pork chop special. a reasonable amount of time later, my table-mates dinners are served and i am informed it will be "just a few more minutes" for mine. my polite table-mates cannot be persuaded to start eating. . . 5, 10, 15, 20 minutes pass... at nearly the 25 minute mark, my food shows up, without apology, explanation, or accommodation. c'mon. i agree the food can be good, the atmosphere is fun, and the location is great but the service swings between disinterested and pretentious. same goes for  nat spill (owned by the same person/family, if i'm not mistaken). i've got better ways and places to spend my money.
3	We started out by checking to make sure they are "accessible", since one of us has a wheelchair.. and they are, but having not been there before, we had no idea how cramped it is. We got in through one of the front doors, but there is no foyer or open space to wait for a table. They don't take rezzies, so this is important to note -- this is a very popular neighborhood joint and fills up fast. We showed up at about 6 on a Saturday and they were already quite busy. I started tweaking at this point, because it is stressful to navigate a crowded dining room with a w/c, and worse if there is no endpoint. But I only had to suffer for a few minutes (and I'm not even the one in the w/c, just the navigator), as they quickly squoze the three of us into a small table. The food from their small but diverse menu was a-ok and extremely reasonable, and we loved the decor of this homey corner pub in my dear Willy Street 'hood. Mom had the mustard chicken and inhaled it; sister had a bleu-stuffed pork chop and it was also quickly devoured. I had a walleye sandwich, which was not as flavorful as it could have been. The garlicky potatoes with it, however, were delish. We finished with cheesecakes all around (yummmm), and I can tell you they have a most decent beverage list, too. I really hate the stress of no rezzies, though.
4	I don't journey over to Willy St. as much as I would like, but when I do find myself on that side of Madison the Weary is always my first choice for dinner and drinks with friends.  Back in college I first heard of this place from a coworker who lived in the area.  He told me in no uncertain terms that I needed to come out after work for a few drinks and a late dinner, and I'm happy that I took him up on the offer.  Since then I've made my way back on a semi-regular basis.The best times at the Weary are when you come in and find a nice larger table right away, especially if you can get one of the corner tables.  The place is almost always crowded, a victim of its own success in a way, and there are no reservations or waiting lists, just first-come first-serve.  As mentioned, there really isn't a good place to wait, and if you end up here crammed in the corner of the bar hoping for a table to open it can be a frustrating experience.  I don't think I've gone on a Friday or Saturday night in some time because of this, instead opting for weekday nights or later in the afternoons.  It's a testament to how good this place is that I find myself working my schedule around their busy times.The Weary hits all of the right notes: the food is exceptional, the tap selection is top-notch, and the vibe hits the right tone of hip and mellow.  I've made my way through at least half of the relatively short menu, though I've been here more than enough times to try everything at least once over.  I've been prevented from doing so by the extreme excellence of the West of the Andes sandwich - possibly my favorite in all of Madison.  I usually get the tenderloin option (also comes with tuna or veggies), served with avocado, pico de gallo and chipotle mayo.  It's simply the best.  Also great: the Weary's Reuben - probably the best I've ever had, and the Bad Breath burger, which is as great as everyone says.  The goulash is what I tend to go with when I'm looking for a smaller meal, and even then it's filling.  There's a vegan chili as well, which I usually go Not-So and get with beef tips and bacon.  And if you're there with a good sized group of friends you can't go wrong with either the WI cheese & sausage platter or the Mediterranean plate.I love the Weary Traveler and I've spent many a great night over the last five plus years with friends and family - in fact the Weary is my father's favorite Madison restaurant on account of the goulash.  The place is near perfect, and a consistent option for just about any occasion.
5	I heart the Weary! Every time I go here its always good.  Everything on the menu is sooo great and all the beers on tap are delish.There is just such an awesome vibe to this place and if you have not experienced it I suggest you get there.  Such a unique awesome place.
5	Whenever I am back in town this place is a must! Everything on the menu is fantastic and the ambiance is cozy and terrific. Mom always gets the Catfish, a tasty nonalcoholic drink and faves about it. The burger is amazing, this is always what I recommend to carnivores, and I love the West Andes Snack plate. It is deliciously spicy!!! Thank goodness this place opened up in Madison, it gives me one more reason to visit.
5	Its not really as mind blowing as places I'd typically give 5 stars to, but it really has no noticeable flaws, so I am going 5 here.  Its comfortable, has a good variety of food (catering to everyone from meat eaters to vegans), good service, good beers, board games you can borrow and play, and its a nice break from state street.  The west of Andes or something is a great steak sandwich with avocados, their salad is good... idk, its good.  On trip adviser one review was titled "chick place" which I agree with.  Sandwiches or dishes are around $8 - 12
4	I love the atmosphere of this place. The food is unique and they offer enough variety to make each visit something to look forward to. The decor on the walls is pretty interesting. There's a funny "family portrait" that had me giggling.At brunch I had an asparagus and swiss cheese egg frittata with amazing toast and three different kinds of jams that I never would have thought to try. The tuna steak sandwich is delicious and reasonably priced. My mom seemed to enjoy her reuben. :)The reason I gave four stars instead of five is because I've been disappointed with their drinks. My bloody mary at brunch looked impressive with pickled brussel sprouts, mushrooms, onions, and olives, as well as lime and lemon wedges, but it was surprisingly bland. It did, however, get me pretty tipsy. And at a previous visit my rum and diet tasted so strange that I couldn't finish it. However, I did try Lake Louie on tap for the first time here and now I'm a big fan.This place is definitely one of a kind. I'm looking forward to the next time I go, and hoping I'll have better luck with the drinks.
4	Weary Traveler is one of the best little east side bars. The food is awesome, especially the bad breath burger. The waitstaff is attentive enough and quite often very attractive. Bonus!It's a great hangout spot. Board games, good music, good beer selection. The atmosphere is really cool and laid back. I've had many a great evenings at Weary.
3	Stopped in on a Sunday night; we were in the mood for something different and "the usuals" weren't sounding too enticing.  Yelp reviews looked fantastic, so we eagerly drove to the East side, parked along Willy Street, and made our way into the Weary Traveler.The place was jumping - no tables available; dimly lit, very noisy (conversation), hip music playing (from a turntable - how awesome!).  We considered getting a beer to help pass the time, but before we knew it (and before we could order a beer), our table was ready.  We were seated at a small, heavy wooden table.  A drink menu, a salt shaker, and a pepper shaker were the only things on the table.  Drink selection was decent - not great, but decent.  Tap beers were heavily "IPA" influenced.  Bottled beer selections were ok, but nothing unusual or especially interesting.  The menu?  Interesting upon first glance, but delve deep into it, and there's nothing that really "grabs" you.  We eventually decided on the Hungarian Goulash and the evening's special - Beef Bolognese with angel hair pasta.We downed two drinks while waiting for our food; time passed quickly.  We saw lots of people ordering the special, along with meat and cheese plates and burgers.  Our food made its way - a large bowl of goulash and a large plate of pasta.The goulash was decent; slightly spicy, with crisp veggies and soft pieces of beef.  Biggest complaint?  Too watery.  My experience with Goulash has been that it's more stew/chili like.  This was truly like soup with some big chunks of veggies and meat.  It was good, but it wasn't "great."Same holds true with the Bolognese.  Tasty, yes.  Life-altering?  No.  Not even "amazing."  The beef was slightly greasy, the pasta was far too watery, and the whole meal was a bit of a let down.  We paid our bill (expensive!!! $40 for two people with 4 drinks; $48 with tip) and made our way over to Sentry for a cupcake.  I'm still trying to figure out why this place gets such fabulous reviews...
4	We only stopped in for one drink the other night, but boy howdy was that a strong martini! Boodles gin and olives, surrounded by taxidermy and globes, perched on a giant chess board mini stage...fun. Our server was cool, seemed like he could just pull up a chair and tell us some stories about his time at The Weary. I hear this is one of the only places in Madison for decent late-night food, so I'll have to be back!
3	I do like this place. The service is good... and easy on the eyes (for the most part). They have a decent scotch selection, although a bottle of Laphroaig or Caol Ila on the shelf wouldn't hurt. The food has been hit or miss though... mostly miss. I had the chili once and asked them to add beef (which is an option on the menu). Instead, I got the regular ol' vegan chili. I had a tuna sandwich, which was good. The biggest disappointment though is their Bad Breath burger. Given that people have raved about it, I thought I'd give it a try... where to begin. I asked for medium, and it was more like rare. The bun literally crumbled when I picked it up. If you are going to have such a huge hunk of meat and fixins on a bun, make sure the bun is up to snuff the hold the damn thing. I am hoping (for their sake) that this was just a fluke, maybe a nearly stale bun snuck into the establishment an onto my plate. The burger itself wasn't very memorable, except for the bad breath I had after (literally). Finally, the potatoes on the plate were complete undercooked and sorta hard in the middle in that undercooked potato kinda way. I will return to this establishment for drinks, and occasionally the food... but jeez folks - you want a good burger, go to Culvers.
5	I love this place. The food is amazing, the atmosphere is homey, and I love looking at all the old musical instruments on the walls while I eat. I particularly recommend the West of the Andes or the Carne Asada plate.
5	The Weary Traveler is a Willy Street institution and for good reason.  They've got phenomenal food and a handful of local brews to soothe your soul.  I generally get the West of the Andes, I just can't get over the memory of how damn good it is.  A great neighborhood bar.
4	We're going to try this place again. It was loud and a little crowded, but the prices are very reasonable and the food and service are good.  All the beer is around $3-4.  My husband had the special, which was pan-seared sirloin over barley and I had the west andes sandwich.  He said the dish was alright, especially for the price -- $13. My sandwich tasted good, but was slightly a disappointment, because the bun was soggy with pico de gallo and the tenderloin wasn't sliced and a little tough, so I couldn't take a bite w/o pulling the entire steak out of the sandwich. I ended up eating it w/ a fork and knife, but overall I would go again for the value and atmosphere and try something different.
4	I had the Bad Breath Burger and it was delicious.  There were bits of garlic in the patty and the cream cheese combined with the greasiness of the patty made the burger ooze with goodness.  I did not put it down.  The potatoes that came with it also had garlic with it and they were delicious as well.  Yum.Split a small Meat and Cheese Platter, but this was nothing to rave about.  Sub par deli meats and cheese slices, not even cubed.The service was acceptable, though the tables were small and the place loud.
2	Weary Traveler is a cool, inexpensive atmospheric old bar on Madison's hip East Side. It has more than a few vegan options but not the kind that I expected.For one thing, they serve bar food here (burgers and whatnot). Yet, amazingly, they don't offer a home-made vegan burger or anything akin to that. It's a shame because this is the type of joint I'd expect to find a killer seitan burger, or tofu-quinoa-type patty. Even stranger, they have all the right ingredients for a killer vegan burger, but they don't seem to be able to put the pieces together.While everything they have is labeled and cheap (prices range from $3.75-$7.75) none of the vegan dishes sound particularly interesting (options include: vegan chili; sweet corn quinoa blackbean salad; tom kha tofu stew; roasted vegetable salad; hummus-tabouli plate; guacamole-salsa plate).I got a cup of vegan chili ($3.75) which came with a piece of cornbread. The chili was okay but not great. While it was spicy, I didn't like the overly-thick nature of it and the uninteresting ingredients. Where were the bell peppers? Or mushrooms? Or tvp? All this chili had was tomatoes, onions and beans which are okay, I guess, but pretty boring.The cornbread was good, though. The service was friendly too. I generally like the atmosphere here (cozy and dark with lots of wood and a long bar). The beer selection and draft selections are also both unusual and extensive (with lots of local beers).I just wish Weary Traveler had better vegan options. Then I'd come back often and I'm sure other vegans/vegetarians would as well.
5	I'm not a big 5 star guy... but The Weary Traveler really does itself well.  You could always find an issue to pick something apart... so let's list those out now: figuring out where to sit if you're new to the place, the music that some of the bartenders play too loud, the one meal that I didn't like, and... um... okay, done.  Now, for what's good.  This place doesn't even have a deep fryer.  When it comes to the food, they take their time, they put it together well, and they use exceptional ingredients.  The West of the Andes sandwich, the Chili (with meat), the Tom Ka Tofu, are all favorites of mine.  I also like the Carne Asada, because the plate comes with great pickled veggies, fresh guacamole, nicely spiced sirloin, and a whole bunch of chips.  Cut up that meat, mix the pieces together, and you've got a killer dip for dinner... go ahead, try it, you'll like it... I promise.In other news, the bartenders are friendly but generally not up for much conversation.  The place is just as good for a couple of drinks as it is for dinner, and they have some great larger tables for some friends to get together and take advantage of their extensive board games collection in the back corner.  It is also open late and serves dinner until 1am... which is a major plus as Madison tends to shut down much earlier.A local, cozy, affordable, quality, friendly bar/restaurant that never disappoints... 5 of 5.
4	Did you miss the part where the Bad Breath Burger is a burger with garlic, caramelized onions, and cream cheese? Just go and get it. I've been saying it's the best burger in Madison, but it's been a little while so I need to go back and make sure that's true.Only excuse is if you're a vegetarian...in which case there are a number of other options.
4	The Weary Traveler is definitely a Madison staple. Delicious food and a cozzy atmostphere make this place one you'll always come back to. The walleye sandwich is amazing, as is the goulash and bad breathe burger!! Its hard to have a favorite here when all the food is fantastic!! The place can get packed rather quickly though, so if you have a large group better arrive sooner than later.If you're not sure where to eat, the Weary Traveler will not disappoint.
4	I used to live less than a block form the weary traveler when I lived in Madison, and wanted to see if it had lost its charm. Nope.It's so warm and inviting. Food is nothing less than awesome. I was disappointed that the vegan chili isn't on the menu anymore, but I settled for the stand-by walleye sandwich. Soooo good.Drinks...I don't remember them being that cheap. But I guess they are. Service never has been that great, but eh...it wasn't bad. Just a hipster attitude that really isn't necessary.Also, bad move replacing Quolfrisch with Stella. Not. Good. That's why you lose a star. And the tude. But I'll definitely go back whenever I'm in town.
5	I went here on a weekend night for a late dinner. My boyfriend and I split the bad breath burger (if we both have it, it would cancel out the bad breath element...maybe :D), and the tom kar tofu soup. The burger was delicious! Very good. The soup was also awesome! I was in Thailand earlier this month and ate a ton of tom kar, and this soup did not disappoint! It was creamy, lemongrass-y, galanga-ey...totally great! The beer selection was good too. I would love to try some other drinks next time I go back!
2	I've been to the Weary Traveler twice now over the last year, and each experience has left me scratching my head as to why there are so many fans of this place.If the Traveler has any strong stuff going for it, it's that there is a very pleasant atmosphere and a good location.  Sequestered about a block from the Willy St. Co-op, The Weary Traveler is in one of those neighborhoods that offers almost everything you could want.  Great restaurants, fun bars, unique mom-and-pop stores, and hipster people with generally good attitudes.  The restaurant itself has a nice ambiance that promotes relaxation and talk with friends, and the staff is impeccably polite.All that said, I've had some issues with the place.  First, their menu is ridiculously limited.  You're handed a sheet of paper with about a dozen options on it including the appetizers, and a lot of the items are basically the same thing.  Case in point, - Bad Breath Burger, Ace Burger, Carne Asada, etc.  Chicken Breast with vegetables, Grill Cheese, Rueben.  While each dish is written about as if it's something magnificent, to me it was just hard to buy into the ingenuity.  Between myself and several friends I've now seen the majority of the dishes offered and had a taste, and I simply wasn't impressed.  The burger was tasty, but not the best I've had, all of the meat was red and a choice was never given on that (even though I tend to like more rare food, this both times was questionably so).  Portion sizes also varied; some were incredibly huge, others left one wanting to attend a second restaurant.I do applaud them for a little originality with the sides.  Instead of the typical "burger and fries," my burger had carrots and graham crackers.  If anything, this was my favorite part of that particular meal as I almost always want more vegetables when eating out then what's offered and the crackers were yum-tastic.Both times I went, the wait time for getting our meal was horribly long.  The first time, there was just about no one in the restaurant, but we still sat there for 45 minutes with maybe one peek-in from our waitress to make sure our drink glasses were filled.  The second time, not only did that same behavior occur, but on top of it we had a 40 minute wait just to be seated because it was so crowded you couldn't even move.  Now I'll be the first man to say it's absolutely worth the wait at a good restaurant, but that's just it; I wasn't impressed.Perhaps I'm being too harsh on the poor old Traveler, but when I'm yelping I try to put up more reviews for places that I could strongly recommend people to go.  And with all the other fantastic options on Willy Street, this is certainly not a spot I'd recommend going.
3	This place has some really good food. I've really enjoyed their chili with rib tips and bacon, as well as their reuben. However, the service is almost always super slow. I was there for lunch once, and I think the waitress took a cigarette break when we were waiting for the check, because she was nowhere to be seen.
4	The Weary, as it is affectionately known to us locals, is about as laid-back as a bar gets.  You'll think you are in Alaska.  Eclectic bits of flotsam and jetsam plaster the walls, though there is decidedly a design element involved - old doors and mirrors at character and interest to the walls.  The Weary is decidedly popular, you will never go there and find it empty and sometimes you may be put off by the small line of people waiting for tables.  The Weary has a ton of character, very good food, though I'm a bit tired of the menu, and a cast of neighborhood characters.  The place tends to veer towards the academic and the aging hippie, so if you are allergic to that type, best to stay away.
5	I still vividly fantasize about the goulash at this place.  We were (whoaaa) LITERALLY weary travelers who, assisted by yelp searching, stopped here for dinner after days of driving east on 90, and the goulash was basically like breast milk: warm, comforting, perfect, seemingly tailor-made for my exact needs, and something I will probably never be able to revisit.  My standards and will to live after a week in the car may have been compromised, but damn did this hit the spot.My dad got the Bad Breath Burger (and yes, the beef is rosy, fresh, house-ground organic Wisconsin beef, so go as rare as you dare) and my sister got a sandwich that I think was fairly inauthentically branded as "Andean" but which was still outstanding.The interior smacks of generic rustic gastropub in the best way possible, and I recall our waiter being very affable, despite the place being totally swamped on a weekend night.
5	I'm back in Madison living half a mile from the Traveler. It's still so great. It's funny that a restaurant can serve a really nice Tom Kha soup and also a ridiculously delicious and artery-clogging spectacle such as the Bad Breath Burger. Love it.
5	The wife and i were visiting the this really neat part of Madison and walked by a little place called "the weary traveler." Like a moth to a yellow porch light, I caught myself drawn to this hipster paradise. From the Lau Tzu quotes on one wall, and odd unrelated portraits on the other wall, it looked kinda like what Fridays was trying to do when they hung all kinds of weird shit around for no reason. This place is more cohesively random with glorious jam band electronica pumping in the background. I check the beer list, and alas no Budweiser available. A grin comes across my face. I search deeper and no Miller either. Are you kidding? It's been a long while since I've been to an establishment that actually offered flavor. And what flavor there is. I ordered a nutty brown pint of deliciousness and the wife orders a kombucha on the rocks.  We order vegan chips and dips. Very tasty however I caught myself getting heart palpitations from swallowing whole cloves of garlic. Still, the quality was not to be blamed. I don't know if I was cool enough to hang out here, but it was fun to pretend to be. Weary Traveler, I wish I could take you with me back home. I give this place 5 out of 5 fatty livers.
5	1 am, empty streets, Madison, WI, the state capitol building eerily lit in the background. Yelp brought me here for the Bad Breath Burger. It was an awesome burger, with garlic cooked in with the patty, a hefty slab of cream cheese, and caramelized onions all blended together perfectly.Add to that a bottle of Lucky Louie Milk Stout (actually made with lactic acid), and the meal was perfect.Jamie The DJ rocks! (a.k.a. DJ Lazy Bartender). He played some really mellow Bon Iver tracks on vinyl.I would definitely come back if I ever find myself In Madison.
4	Good food, not to shabby of prices.  Good and  relaxing.  I love the idea of having board games there.
4	I'd happily give you 5 stars, Weary, if it weren't for the aloof hipster punks running the place last time I was there. (If your'e going to loudly badmouth ALL of your customers after bar close, make sure the bathrooms are empty first. Just a tip). Oh, except for the goofily cool bartender with the hat, he was exactly what your (formerly awesome) staff used to be like. Hire more of him, less cranky people and I'll be back someday.
5	Love this place.  The food is great.  My favorite items are the bad breath burger that so many rave about and the surprisingly good tom ka tofu.  Beer selection is also pretty good, and seems to rotate occasionally.  This is the kind of place that draws you back in with its food, comforts you with its atmosphere, and wins you over with their alcohol.  Go here.
5	The Weary Traveler occupies a space on Madison's East Side Isthmus that once housed a number of restaurants and businesses - all of which came and went.  But the Weary, as it's known to neighborhood folks who frequent it, is a mainstay.  Anyone familiar with the Madison food scene knows that the Berge Brothers (and partners) constitute a dynasty - with one branch operating the Weary and Magnus and another, Barriques, among other ventures.   Yet their success is well deserved; the Berges operate some of the most consistent, finest and most comfortable food and drink outlets the city has to offer.Despite this lineage, the Weary still maintains a humble, and appealing, feel; it's a neighborhood hangout with Django Reinhardt on the stereo and a full bar filled with service industry folk, east side residents and people who were lucky enough to stumble through.  The tables are well worn, the ambiance is dark and cozy, and the menu is great, although it never changes - yet classics seldom do.  A full complement of board games (Scrabble, Trivial Pursuit, Apples to Apples) is available for patrons, suggesting that no one expects you to hurry in and out of the Weary; on the contrary, the kitchen is open until 1 AM and you are welcome to sit and play games, cards or just chat with friends over good food until then.The menu's standouts are, as always, the West of the Andes sandwich, whose tenderloin version comes with a beautifully cooked and tender piece of locally-sourced beef.  Or get it with a tuna steak for a lighter experience.  Both are perfectly balanced by a slightly sweet roll, pico de gallo and plenty of avocado.  The Weary's own version of the Thai classic soup, Tom Ka, is chock-full of mushrooms, flavorful tomatoes, green beans and pieces of tofu, and is brimming with rich, delicious coconut flavor.  The cup is big enough for two people to share; the bowl could feed a crowd.  For those who like burgers, Bob's Bad Breath burger earns rave reviews, too - but heed its advice and know that the garlic will do your friends in post-dinner.Cocktails at the Weary are stiff and no-nonsense; the Old Fashioned is always a good choice, as is the Mojito.  The Weary also offers plenty of good beers on tap and in bottles, too.I hesitate to put up such a rave review of the Weary, which feels like our own little neighborhood gem, but word gets around, anyway, and it's only fair to give it its due.  There's more than enough room for everyone, anyway, and all are always welcome.
4	This weekend I went to Weary Traveler for lunch. I was excited to see what all the fuss was about and it was definitely very good. The people in my party ordered one of two things: the West of the Andes sandwich or the Bad Breath Burger. I opted for the West of the Andes sandwich because I thought the Bad Breath Burger looked a little overwhelming. I had it with the steak and I thought it was delicious. I like that it was served with a salad, too. I also tried a bite of the Bad Breath Burger. Definitely an experience, but I don't know if I would have been able to stomach more than a bite. The side potatoes it was served with were also very good. The atmosphere in Weary Traveler is really neat. The decor is cute and they have board games you can play which makes me very happy - especially because we played Apples to Apples. I will definitely return if I am able to hike over to Willy Street.
4	Let's face it: we love the Weary Traveler because of the Bad Breath Burger.  The rest of the menu is passable, the service is good enough, the location is alright.  The reason we go to the Weary Traveler is the Bad Breath Burger, simply the best burger in Madison, Wisconsin.Bun = lightly toasted, just a bit of butter flavorMeat = organic, flavorful, deliciousCream cheese = cool, rich counterpoint to burger and breadCarmelized onions = just the right dose of savoryGreen goddess sauce = the piece de resistanceI have to stop because I'm making myself very hungry ...
5	In response to a previous reviewer who claimed that the burger is the only compelling reason to visit, I beg to differ. I've had the pork chop on two occasions and it has been mouth-wateringly delicious on both counts. The pork is from a local farm (Jordandal) and you get an extremely generous portion, perfectly cooked and seasoned, served with potatoes and delicious greens. This meal costs $12.75. What appears on the plate could easily satisfy expectations at price three times that at an upscale restaurant. Truly the best "bar food" in town...(with Natt Spill a close second.) Not every item on the menu is this good, but the consistency means you can pick your favorites and stick with them.
4	Pub food, but a unique take on pub food. Yummy spicey Bloody Mary!
4	we went here last night with a group of friends and got beers at the bar while waiting for a table. the beer selection isn't the greatest, but it's pretty solid. we enjoyed some potosi cave ale and were seated in about 20 minutes. not too bad for a group of 6 on a saturday night, especially considering there was a huge line of people waiting. i had the bad breath burger, which truly lived up to its name. the beef was quality, and all the toppings on it were garlicky, cheesy, awesome goodness. the bf had the reuben and said it was pretty tasty too. i think it's safe to say we'll be coming back.
4	Great space and atmosphere with the exception that it can be a little loud and difficult to hear (on a weekend night).  The food is usually excellent, the "West of the Andes" sandwich with tenderloin melts in your mouth!  However, the service can be inconsistent and indifferent.
4	On a beautiful fall day in Madison, a trip to Weary Traveler was suggested by my daughter's boyfriend.  The neighborhood is a great conglomeration of older homes and shops with cafes.  This comfortable and charming pub style restaurant was just right.  The service was great, and our server knew many of the items intimately so that we could ask questions and make our decisions.Bob's Bad Breath Burger was the champion of the day!! I loved it, and my daughter loved it too.  I was so drugged by the multitude of nice flavors, especially whatever they use in the meat (I hardly ever eat burgers but it was explained this was special), and the caramellized onions, that I cannot recall what other items were ordered.  They serve nice local root beers and brews.I would not visit Madison again from Los Angeles without stopping in to enjoy another visit.  A+++++ in my book.
5	Great food, great service and best of all great prices
4	The bad breath burger is probably the best thing I've had since moving here. I still can't get over $3 dollar beer. Great place
4	Surprise, surprise...right?Here's a list of why Weary gets 4 stars:1)  It's a fun place to go to.  I almost always end up having a fun conversation with the bartender or my server.  There does seem to be a new guy serving there now who is kind of weird.  I can't say for certain though because he didn't serve me.2)  The atmosphere is eclectic to the extreme.  Every time I go I find something else on display, and I find myself wondering if it was there before.  "How could I have missed THAT!?", I ask myself.3)  The food.  Bob's burger is as unique a burger as you'll find in Madison...and it tastes great.  The potatoes that come with it are usually done VERY well and are, to me, more delicious than anything there.  The small side salad is simple and tasty.  I've also eaten the meat and cheese platter.  I ordered that on my own, and I'm pretty sure I ordered the medium.  When it showed up, I knew I should have ordered the small.  HUGE is how I can best describe this plate.  Oh, and it's good too.  I've had a special here and there, and they're always good.  I've really never been disappointed by the food.4)  The beer.  Ok, the selection is limited.  They have Two-Hearted on tap though, and that's good enough for me since it's the best (?) IPA ever made.5)  The location.  I like it because it's close to home.  There are other restaurants that are closer though, and I have never gone to them (or never gone back).
4	I lived a few blocks away from the Weary for about three years and definitely ate a lot of West of the Andes sandwiches and South-of-the-Border snack plates while there. It's a reliably delicious, very reasonably priced, hip-but-not-too-hip place to enjoy lunch, dinner, or drinks in the Willy St. neighborhood. Although the menu is limited, there really is something for everyone and the food's so good you don't mind having the same entrees over and over.As a side note, if you ever take a class next door at the Perfect Knot yoga center (which you should!), you'll probably end up down dogging to the smell of roasted garlic, making it even harder not to be lured into the Weary after a Bikram class!
4	Great service, great food (although the menu is small, all the food is delicious)!!!  I am a big fan of the fun and laid back atmosphere!!!  Definitely a must go to!!!
5	One menu item...  Bob's (Organic) Bad Breath Burger...  You just HAVE to order this!!  Living up to its name, you will have bad breath for the rest of the night.  :)  But, it's definitely well worth it!!
4	Great friday night date-ish experience here.  But got there literally minutes before the rush of people mobbed the bar, and made me sad.  Played "lost cities", which they supplied.  I wasn't starving, and got a kids burger with carrot sticks and graham crackers.  Perfect.
4	The Weary Traveler was my first introduction to Madison and set the tone for a great visit with a family member who had just moved nearby.  If I lived in the neighborhood I'd eat at the Weary regularly with friends.  It seems like a great place to meet new people, given the warm woodsy layout and the low-tech emphasis (board games). In addition to the neighborhood vibe, the food was homey too. My $15 pork loin special with celery root side was delicious.  My dining partner happily consumed the Bad Breath Burger.  I had one of the many tasty beers on the menu - in fact you could make a game of trying all the beers.  This seems like a cozy place to settle in on a cold Wisconsin night.  I look forward to many return trips.
5	A bar without a bunch of TV's - amen! Place is really cozy and a nice respite, especially on a cold night.  Good selection of beers, wine and seasonal drinks and varied menu of entrees.  Great place for a relaxing drink and meal with friends.  My favorite Madison bar which is apparently a favorite of many others - always full when I visit.
3	I have given the Weary Traveler three stars.  I've been there twice and had the same thing-- Bob's Bad Breath Burger.  The first time it was delicious-- the perfect late night finish to a night of moderately heavy drinking.The second time-- tonight-- it was just terrible.  Waaaaay too much balsamic vinegar and the potatoes were incredibly salty.
4	Good menu and great beers on tap. Get there early or expect to wait for an hour minimum.
3	Snobby bartenders,good beer selection,cute waitstaff who are usually friendly, and the bad breath burger. If you dont order this,there's something wrong with you. Unless, of course, you are vegatarian, in which case they also have lots of options for you as well. The south o the border plate with homemade guacamole is fantastic, and the soups are tasty too. Just because I dont look like a professor with my hipster sweater knitted from the East Himalayan Mountain Yaks pubes, doesnt mean that Im not smart,and dont want a beer just as bad as everyone else.
5	I've had a pleasant experience every time I go here. OK, what am I saying? This place kicks butt!!!! The potatoes that come with your meal are to die for! The bad breath burger is awesome, love the name.  It gets quite busy though, so expect a wait around dinner time.  But have a drink at the bar, and enjoy some nice company. Once you get seated, there is a corner in the back FULL of games, so break out some scrabble. This place is truly a Madison favorite of mine. Delicious food (veggie options). Can't remember how the service was last time, but I've gone back, so it couldn't have been terrible.  Awesome, cozy place!
4	One of the best winter-drinking spots in Madison. Lots of windows, good warm drinks (read:glogg), and a warm fuzzy feeling. Has a very good ambiance in general.Usually is pretty busy, so be prepared for a wait. Staff are generally pretty nice.I think their menu has an identify-crisis, but the food impresses people.
4	The Weary is a solid joint on the underrated east side of Madison. Is this a place where extremely liberal folks hang out for good food and drinks? Yes. Thus, if you are not willing to overhear some "hippies" as my brother would call the folks that typically hang out here, then please stay closer to the capital. I'll be honest - I've only had the Andes sandwich, but that is because this steak sandwich literally melts in your mouth. Everything from the bun to the steak is simply delicious. I personally love avocado and it's always fresh and full of flavor.Are there other good choices on the smaller menu? I'd be willing to bet on it. In addition, there is a great selection of beer. I've also been here with my parents on a Sunday afternoon and there was live music. I'm pretty sure my dad was taken back to his college "hippie" days. Undeniably sweet.
4	One of my favorite places in Madison.  Tons of character with good food and drink.  Service is good.  Bar is very cool.
4	Best Manhattans in town! Menu might need updating, though.
5	I am happy to say that I finally got to dine here.   There is a lot to make this place great.  The food is hands down the best food I have had in the past 10 places I have gone to.  Everyone in our party of five loved their dishes.I had the Reuben and it was one of the best Reubens I have ever had.  It comes with a delicious tasting and spicy sauce that actually puts it in a category of it's own.   The bread was thick sliced and toasted perfectly.  Truly a delicious sandwich and it came with salad and potato salad.   All fresh and very good.A few negatives were that it is way too crowded.   They need to lose a few tables or get a bigger place.   They were packed at 5:30 on a Wed with people waiting.   We beat the line and got a table right away.The waitress took our orders in a timely fashion.  We had a bit of a wait for our food but nothing unreasonable considering how busy they were.   Every plate looked beautiful when served.We had a great time and the prices were spot on and very affordable.One other thing was that parking was difficult to find.  I had to park about a block away.  No big deal really.7/2012  Hard to believe that visit was over a year ago!   Stopped in last week with some relatives that have never been there.   Got the Bad Breath Burger and it was pretty darn good.   Huge, like a good burger should be.   Very fresh and flavorful with a nice sauce.   The potatoes and greens were very good too.We all felt the waiter could have been a little bit more personable.  He was very dry and to the point and should have taken a little more time on our orders.  It wasn't very busy either so it was not like he was rushed unless he was the only one.   And that could be.   Still a 5 star.  Food came quickly too.
5	If I was dying and got to pick my last place to eat out... i would pick the Weary Traveler.   Its hard for me to explain why I love this place so much.  It just has a great energy.  I have never disliked anything I ordered, they have a fantastic beer list, and it's not too expensive... what's not to like?  The West of the Andes sandwich with tuna is my personal fave but their salads are great, and my friends who love red meat say the bad breath burger is to-die-for.  I wish I could better explain my love affair with this place, but I just can't!  You have to try it out yourself!  I have never seen someone walk away disappointed.
4	Friday night, 8:00 -- busy enough that we got tipsy while waiting for a table.Worth the wait? Absolutely. Very fresh, tasty food. The Andes sandwich hit the spot, and the (super garlicky) potatoes were better than fries any day.Even though the wait was long and the bartender was busy, he was was friendly and attentive.
5	Food: Five stars.Drinks: Five starsJames Franco Doppelganger: Five stars.
2	Normally I would give this place 4 (or maybe 5) stars as it had a lot of character and the food was good. However we had pretty terrible service. We were sat in a corner and basically forgotten about. While it was super busy, there were 4 servers (and a bartender) on duty. It took 30 minutes before we got a menu, then another 30 or so before we got anything to drink (not even water). In all the meal took 2 hours from when we were seated, which would have been okay if I wasn't thirsty for the first hour. Not sure I would go back unless it was at an off-time, or if I do go back I'll make sure not to get the same server. The guy was just really disorganized. Did things like bus tables (despite there being 3 clean tables open/no need to take care of such things immediately) instead of refilling drinks/etc. Felt like a bit of a d*ck short tipping the guy, but the service really was that bad/I was worried it'd take a half hour to get my credit card or change back so I did the best I could.
5	Great beer. Great music. Great Food. What else could you want?I got the "Bad Breath Burger". It's made with local organic beef. It's just awesome. I eat a lot of burgers, especially when I see that it's locally raised. This burger however would make my top five of all time. The staff is great. The bartender had great suggestions to pacify my inner beer-snob. He also had a lot of great local micro-brews which obviously helped him. The place is nice. There was some nice bluegrassy tunes being played when I came by. I sometimes am indifferent towards music in restaurants. Either it's too loud and I can't converse with friends or it's so boring, quiet, and elevatoresque that I find it annoying. Perfect balance.
5	You literally can't order a bad thing on the menu.  My absolute favorite is the Bob's Bad Breath burger.  I'm not a big burger fan, but this one's my favorite in town, right under  The Old Fashioned burger.  The atmosphere is crozy and they even have games.  Servers are always friendly and know what they're talking about.  This place is a total gem--makes me proud to be a Madisonian.
4	This place has been one of my favs for years now.  Great ambiance, good food at reasonable prices and I love their seasonal drinks like their Mayan coffee.  Although, their service can be a hit or miss.  My girlfriend and I just ate there last night and our server was very short with us and it was not even busy.  Thankfully the food always surpasses the service.
5	Bringing my parents up to Madison for the weekend, we had one mandatory stop: The Weary Traveler. This was not my first visit, so I went for my tried and true, Grilled Cheese with side mixed greens and a Nessalla kombucha.My parents and husband all had Bad Breath Burgers. Needless to say, I had an exceptional meal, but insisted we keep the windows rolled down on the way home. Highly recommended!
4	The food was great and the place is really nice. This place is 100% stoked on organic food but that doesn't mean they skip out on the meat. There is a burger, chili, or fish as well as many vegetarian and vegan options.The place was so busy we had trouble finding our waitress but other than that, very impressive.
4	Rating the Weary after living in Madison for many years, I would give it a 3. For the first five or so years of living in Madison, I would have given it a 5. So it gets a 4.The Weary's food is consistently decent to good. They focus as much as possible on providing sustainable/locally raised beef and pork. There are usually two daily specials that add to the limited menu. The atmosphere is great; the place is filled with wood and has a classic tin ceiling. The food is pretty good value for what it is.The biggest problem with the Weary is its limited menu. It has barely changed over the ten years I've lived here, and so now that I've spent time with each dish on the menu, there is nothing I want to eat. Many of the dishes are just okay, not great. The daily specials help add variety. When I am dragged here now, this is what I eat.Best items: The quinoa salad, with beef. Many people are addicted to the West of the Andes sandwich (I've heard people swear by each of its iterations, the beef, vegetable, and tuna). I love the chicken dish, but can't eat it any more because it violates the sustainable meat provision I've wedded myself to. Downsides: The salad the dishes come with is meh. The garlicky potatoes that come with many of the dishes are just okay. They are usually greasy and not plentiful. Boy, Woody Allen got that joke right ("the food is terrible, and what small portions!"). The Thom Ka has never been right (it is okay, but has WAY too much tofu, the flavor is just slightly off, and you continually have to pick lemongrass out of the soup). The chili is downright terrible; no idea why it has persevered on the menu. Another large downside: the absolute chaos involved in getting a table when the restaurant is busy. Usually, it is first-come, first-serve, and people will maul your grandmother to get a table. If you are like me, you cannot rest or talk with your companion(s) easily until you've landed a table. Sometimes, one of the owners or bartenders will pretend to be hosts and have a sort of list for seating people. This, uh, sometimes works. If you are passing through town or new to town, definitely check out this venue. If you hate commotion and want to eat at regular, busy hours, you might want to skip the Weary.Oh, and the service? It is often great and often terrible. The servers make $$$, but it is hell for them to deal with the crowded space. Expect spotty service. The token dude is generally the worst. I expect nothing when he is assigned to our area.
4	I tried this place last night. The space is fun and has playful decorations like lamps made from old telephones. The room handles the noise of a bar quite well. The service was a little...disorganized and spacey, but I couldn't tell how much of that was because of the two side entrances (as opposed to their usual front) during the construction on Willy Street. For dinner, I had the pork chop with an orange- white wine sauce, which was solid-- very tender and with good flavor. My husband had the vegan chili with bacon. He thought it was wonderful; i thought it was good ,but not as good as my uncle's, and lacking in spice and fullness.
4	For just two of us this place was great and we got seats at the bar immediately. I think  larger parties (5+) could have a tough time getting a table but once they did they wouldn't be disappointed. The carne asada plate was delicious!
4	I came here while visiting from Portland, OR and was impressed with the ambiance and variety of the beers.  While I don't drink, my cousin and uncle both had a few pints and were very happy with the selection.  The food menu is simple but eclectic with everything from burgers to sea scallops to meat/cheese plates.  The atmosphere is definitely one of a neighborhood watering hole/gathering place.  The decor is dark and on the English pub side and very inviting.  Overall I think it is a great place to meet up with friends for a few drinks and a great dinner without having to spend alot.
4	a neighborhood must.  food is delicious and the atmosphere is unique and exciting.  great rueben and kombucha.  The bad breath burger used to be my favorite, but lately i think it's too much burger...
4	I absolutely love this place. While it's often crowded and noisy, it really does fit the bill for the type of atmosphere it portrays. (Very Bohemian, cozy bar and restaurant.)I've never had a bad meal, the bartenders are attentive and fast. The one complaint I have is that the servers are often overly busy and the service is neglectful from time to time. (If you don't like to wait or dislike large crowds, I'd go here on a week night.)The late night menu is superb as well. The tofu soup is amazing.
5	Love this place!!! Lots of tasty veggie options, and they use many local and organic ingredients. They also have a good selection of microbrews and plenty of local personality.
3	My husband and I tried The Weary Traveler for the first time this weekend.  The road is under construction, so driving was a little chaotic and it was hard to find somewhere to park.  We ended up parking 3 blocks away and walking to the restaurant, but I guess that is pretty typical in Madison.  The restaurant was very dark and kind of loud.  It was very cozy...the tables were a bit close together, and it seemed like the waitstaff had to squeeze by a lot.  FYI...it is a "Seat Yourself" place.  (They should put up a sign because we were confused when we walked in).They had a unique menu selection.  I was excited to see Kombucha tea on the beverage list!  There are also lots of vegetarian options.  I had the West of the Andes sandwich, and my husband had the Bad Breath Burger.  Both were very good.  I really liked that they offered mixed greens as the side, but the dressing could have used more flavor.  Also, our food could have been hotter...it was warm, but I would have liked it more if it were HOT.  I think the temperature of the food was just due to the fact the the waiter was very busy.  He was very pleasant and refilled our water glasses and everything, but I think they could use a couple extra waiters/waitresses because they looked like they were stretched pretty thin.Overall, we had a good experience and would definitely try it again...once the road is open.
4	Best place to eat, drink and hang with friends on the isthmus.  Period.
5	great food and service. has multiple veggie options as well
5	I bring all of my friends who come to visit to The Weary Traveler. No one has been disappointed. I moved to Madison from Minneapolis a few months ago, and this place is definitely a favorite of the places I've tried. The West of the Andes sandwich with roasted veggies is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The servers are super accommodating. It was crazy busy last time I was there, and our server came back to mention to my dairy free friend that there is butter on the bun of the burger. My friend was impressed and said most servers wouldn't take the time to do that.Only warning is not to bring anyone hard of hearing; it's really loud at dinner time. But otherwise the ambience is pretty perfect. Pretty diverse crowd, too, which surprised me a little.
4	TIM. Get the beef West of the Andes sammich!
5	I watched two of my vegetarian friends commit the ultimate sin and order the Bad Breath Burger, and like me, they LOVED it! It because of places like this, that I'll never label myself a vegetarian. There's just so much opportunity to seduce your taste buds at The Weary.Regarding the ambiance: Stepping into this place gives me the feeling of stepping back in time, somewhere in Europe where artists and intellectuals exchange ideas over flavorful food in a dark and cozy setting. While the menu has been described as pub fare, it's on the opposite spectrum from the standard breaded & fried selection of your typical American sports bar. Instead of plasma tv's, there are portraits and old musical instruments and other antiques secured to the walls. Yes it can be pretty loud at peak hours, but who needs to talk when you could be shoving gourmet yum yums into your face hole? Talk on your way home.Regarding the staff: I've come here twice with children (not mine), first with a baby in a car seat, and the second time was with a 4 year old. The staff was very welcoming of the kids. One diner made a snide comment about the car seat, but screw him. The baby was a friggin' cherub, and he wasn't noisy or in anyone's way. The second time, the 4 year old was fine until the waitress tried to take away her grilled cheese, since she was done eating. This kid had a mini-meltdown that the unwanted food was being taken away! Wtf? I could tell the waitress felt bad about it, but she handled the situation with grace and tact, even when the mom failed to discipline the child. I was so embarrassed that I tipped extra. I'm sure it was one hell of a grilled cheese, based on everything else I've ever eaten here. Unless you are routinely complimented on how well your kids behave in public, I don't recommend bringing them to The Weary Traveler. This is really more for the grown ups.Regarding the drinks: I like the tangy flavor of the Kombucha they serve. I like that it's not too sweet, and I love that they offer it with vodka. I've never thought to do that with Kombucha, but there's a first time for everything. I went here with my in-laws, and my MIL and I had a couple of Key Lime Martinis that were so good, I snuck over and asked the bartender if he would teach her how to make one properly, since she's never had much luck. Making martinis is kinda her thing. Anyway, he waved her on over to the bar and we watched his demo carefully as he gave some tips. What a guy!Regarding the food: I rarely eat beef, but when I do, it's usually at the Weary. I'd like to shake the hand of whoever thought to put cream cheese on The Bad Breath Burger. And the garlicky yukon potatoes that come with it are addictive. The Hungarian Goulash surprised me as well. They serve theirs with a fresh roll on the side, not over pasta. Nice move, chef! I enjoyed sopping up the Goulash sauce with my hunk of fresh bread. The meat was really tender and it brought the flavor. Die-hard reuben lovers will enjoy The Weary's take on this popular sandwich, and vegetarians can't go wrong with the Sweet Corn, Quinoa & Black Bean Salad or the Mediterranean Plate. I've had the vegan cornbread twice, and both times I thought it was too dry. The baker should add more oil or try applesauce in the recipe to moisten it up and still keep it vegan. The Tuna Fillet and West of the Andes Sandwiches are top notch as well. The tuna isn't overcooked, and the chicken is juicy. And now I'm really, really wanting to go there for dinner...like, NOW!
4	Warm interior with lots of wood paneling. Bar runs the entire width of interior. Didn't stay for food but good selection of wisco beers I hadn't seen elsewhere. Friends have said the food is tasty. Great last stop spot on the night
5	Great atmosphere and great food! I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	I am ashamed of myself for being in Madison for so long and never once eating at this place until today.  The food is as good as they come, especially, with the price of the meal being so affordable.  And the atmosphere is amazing with a small band that complements the cozy environment.  Not too loud and not too soft.Although this was the first visit, the waitstaff was friendly even though I read on some of the reviews saying how they were not.  I've read that the menu has been around for a better part of the decade or so and some would argue that it's a bit limited on selection.  I would have to agree with that but they do excellent with the choices they dish out.  I love me some garlic but if you are not a garlic lover, I will have to warn you that at least of couple of them can be a bit overwhelming for some; especially the 'Bad Breath Burger' (the name says it all) and the side (salsa) from the 'Carne Asada'.This is a type of restaurant I would highly recommend anyone if you're around the area or if you're planning to visit!Here's another point of view from Seth Kugel's 'Frugal Traveler':http://frugaltraveler.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/10/25/my-trip-to-madison-bikes-brews-burgers-and-a-bb/
5	It was a snowy Friday night but The Weary Traveler was packed and there was a long wait. Fortunately two seats opened up at the bar, and my boyfriend and I were able to sit down and order. We decided to split the Bad Breath Burger and it was just incredible. The addition of cream cheese and "goddess dressing" just made it that much better and the burger disappeared quite quickly. Although it was very busy, the bartenders were on top of their game and were always checking up on us. There were some interesting sculptures on a shelf above the bar and we finally decided it had to be the vertebrae of a whale with scoliosis. There are tons of interesting things to look at inside and the people watching is great. Just make sure you don't come here on a first date because it's very loud, and the BBB will most certainly ruin your prospects of a second date.
5	Bob's badbreath buger with the garlic potatoes are out of this world!! Also check out their NessAlla Kombucha cocktails made in house... wow.
4	The burger that have everyone talking in the community, had to give it a bite!  May I say the BAD BREATH BURGER! The burger does have flavor, pretty creative with the addition of the cream cheese! I was expecting a little more out of this burger, the flavor was there. But it wasn't as juicy  and greasy, how a burger is suppose to be. I wish they've wouldn't have press the meat patty down to let out the juice while being cooked and secondly if the patty were to cook at a higher temp to seal in the juice. Everything would of been perfect, until we meet again. So long for Weary's! Service was excellent, give them around of applause!
5	Having lived in Madison for over three years, I thought it was about time I checked out  the Weary Traveler. My husband and I live on the near west side and felt a little out of place on Willy St. but still find it a fun, eclectic place to be from time to time. When we walked in, the bartender immediately noticed that we may be looking for a table even though the place was pretty packed! He promised us a place to sit within ten minutes, then cheerfully served us up a beer while we waited. As we sipped our beers, we admired the fun decor and people-watched. We were led to our cozy corner hi-top table within the promised time and our server was wonderful. He offered suggestions when asked, and seemed like he really enjoyed his job. I had it narrowed down to the reuben or the Bad Breath Burger, and ended up going with the burger. OMG. It was, hands down, the best burger I've ever had in my life!! My husband had the dijonaise chicken and he loved it too. He said "I wish I could have this sauce on everything!"On top of the great food and service, the prices were extremely reasonable. We will be back!
2	We went to Weary after a 5-month hiatus due to horrible experience last fall. It was time for redemption! However, this trip, we also watched others served before us and were delivered lukewarm food again. We're sad, but we won't be back.
5	I literally just finished swallowing my last bite of the Bad Breath burger and my god...I've lived in Madison my whole life, and this easily is the best burger I've ever had. Not even close.  Finally a place that has the guts to serve a burger medium rare (probably bc it's organic beef).
3	Normally, the service here is good; I have regularly taken guests here. However, this past Sunday my family from Texas and I experienced horrendous service.  The five of us arrived at 11:45 AM for lunch right behind a similar sized party and were told to sit where we wanted.  We sat in the room next to the door on Willie Street and were served water fairly quickly.  That was the best it got.  A little more than five minutes later, our drink order was taken: three alcoholic drinks.  About seven to eight minutes later, our drinks were brought out by our waitress.  She was about to ask if we were ready to order but noticed we had no menus, stated so, and then left the table.  After five more minutes (I am not exaggerating about these wait times) I saw here delivering food, not menus to our table.  I went to the bartender and asked for menus stating that we had been there a while and did not have any yet.  He gave me the last three he had, and about four to five minutes later, the waitress arrived with two more.  By that time, three of us had a chance to look at the menu and find something to eat.  My brother was not ready, so we (mistakenly) asked her to come back.  Another five minutes passed, and she finally returned.  After waiting about 40 minutes and not having our food come out yet AND watching the party that came in when we did leave b/c they were done, I asked the bartender if the manager was around.  He stated he was the closest thing to a manager, and I told him our situation.  He said he would look into it and soon came to our table apologizing, stating that it was "lost in the shuffle."  Our food took another 20 minutes or more to come out.  We had been there over 1.5 hours by now.  When the check came, they gave us 50% off. This level of service is unacceptable. Will I go back?  Maybe in another six months to a year.
4	I truly was a weary traveler when I visited this restaurant. I had spent the last two days helping my best friend move into his new apartment in Madison, carrying heavy furniture and boxes up several flights of stairs in an un-air-conditioned building. I was feeling a little drained, a little passionless, but THEN! The clouds parted and revealed to us the Weary Traveler, and we decided to stop there for lunch.The Weary Traveler was JUST what this weary traveler needed to get her groove back. A great, kitschy vibe, friendly and attentive staff, a fully-stocked bar and, most importantly, great food! I had the Bob's Bad Breath Burger, which came with fantastic fried potatoes and fresh greens. I've had many a burger in my day, but let me tell you: this was one of the best. My best friend had the divine French toast, which was so delicious I continually begged him for another bite. In fact, the only part of this dining experience that I regret is that I didn't order one of their wonderfully huge Bloody Mary's! However, there's always next time!In short: Whether you're a local or, like me, truly a weary traveler looking for a great meal, the Weary Traveler is the place for you!
4	In the process of relocating to Madison from Indiana, my wife & I stopped in for lunch after a soul-draining day of house-hunting.  The brews on tap were perfect to take the edge off, and then I ate something I never expected to love so thoroughly -- a fried egg sandwich.This was the best fried-egg sandwich in the world.  And I've eaten and made quite a few.  The secret has got to be that chipotle mayo.  It's the new ketchup -- it just rocks everything it touches.And of course, the Weary Traveler is adorable with its beautiful dark woods, the mirrors up in the crown molding, and the delectable selection of local beers.  Saving the weary, one pint at a time...
3	best place to teach someone how to play yahtzee and get wasted.
5	The Weary Traveler is the most "Madison-esque" place around, great local atmosphere. This is my favorite restaurant in Madison! I usually get the black bean, corn, and quinoa salad but what makes it great is the steak you can put on top--very tender and lots of flavor. It is just delicious. My second favorite dish is the fish sandwich. Really everything I have had here is well done.We recently found out that one of the employees makes his own ice cream and sells it in pints and quarts. The flavors are changing every day but they are delicious! So now we even get dessert here. Note-the place is small and tends to fill up at dinner time on Friday nights--more so in the wintertime. Also it can get kind of loud in here so I recommend a beer to help tone the noise down a bit--they always have good beers on tap (wouldn't be Madison-esque if they didn't).
4	Solid gastro pub with decent local and regional brews. Salad and bad breath burger stand out. Service was good as well.
4	This place is on my Madison go-to list...Enjoyed the Thai tofu, salmon and pork chop dinners.Selection of ales is good.I did not remember its being so noisy last year but then we still were able to talk over it this time.Wait staff are well prepared.Tres leche cake was ok certainly not authentic but adequate.Enjoy WT every time.
4	This place is always great and very consistent. Relaxing, dark vibe, interesting food selections and vegetarian-friendly. Best bloody mary I've ever had and I order them everywhere. One of the only places to eat at late at night in the near east.
5	This is by far one of the best meals I've ever had at a non-hoytee-toytee type place ... I highly recommend the corn, quinoa, bean salad WITH the local sirloin tips OMFG!!!
4	Great little place. Good beer selection and a menu full of gluten free and began options but great things for the rest of us too. A little dark but that all blends in with decor. Good mid range price point but deliver higher end experience.
4	This weary traveler loves finding a nice spot for lunch while on the road.  My husband and I were on our way to LaCrosse for a wedding with some time built in for lunch.  We were close to Madison twoish on Saturday and I started checking out places on Yelp.  This one was open and seemed to be just the right spot for a late lunch.It was a great choice, thanks Yelp and specifically Molly O.!  I liked the whole feel of the place from the heavy wooden tables to the phones repurposed as lamps.  I sortof wanted one but they weren't for sale!  There was only one other table when we were there and I appreciated them clearing out the place for us!   Our server was quick and efficient and helped us get a nice lunch and on our way.  I had the West of the Andes sandwich with the beef tenderloin.  Melt in your mouth wonderfulness!  I loved the avocado plus the slight kick from the chipotle mayonnaise.  Pair it with a glass of iced tea and I was happy we had stopped.To get off the highway, have a civilized tasty meal and get back on the highway took maybe an hour but hey, we needed gas also, a twofer!  I suggest you do the same while traveling, use Yelp to make your meals a cut above burgers on the side of the road.  And if you are near Madison, come rest and have a repast at the Weary Traveler!
4	Came here for Sunday brunch. Was immediately struck by the decor of the place, especially a painting of what looked to be a hipster Draco Malfoy. Ordered the steak and eggs, which was pretty solid. Flank steak, so nothing spectacular, but mine was cooked a perfect medium-rare, and was seasoned perfectly. Also came with toast and a fig preserve jam, which was great as well. Pico de gallo too, always a plus. Definitely plan on coming back.
1	Note to owners:  Please remove the huge raggedy potted plants from the front window.  They are super creepy like the kind you sometimes see in the windows of fading dry cleaning establishments.Ordered the appetizer of chips and guacamole with pickled veggies.   The chips were obviously the dregs from the bottom of the bag (all small pieces and total crap).  Did the guac come out of a squeeze bottle?And, please tell me. how do you ruin a grilled cheese sandwich.  I mean I have never had a dried out grilled cheese.  How do you do that?And the quinoa-corn-bean salad didn't make our stop at the weary traveler any more memorable (or pleasurable).Come on Madison you can do better than this when welcoming your weary travelers.
4	Could just come here and just sit at the bar with the awesome music and atmosphere they have going on. THe Bob's Bad Breath Burger is outstanding. It a must to get the Calliope Ice Cream at the end. My favorites are Old Fashion ( just like the drink minus the alcohol) and the Smoked Apple (has me craving for ribs)
2	Good food, fun atmosphere, horrible service. Our waiter, a perfect blend of ironic hipster and passive aggressive Midwestern fake nice, rushed us through the end of our meal and made us feel like we had to leave even though there were plenty of empty tables and no one waiting for them. He kept hounding us to pay the check and was incredibly rude. We were told that the manager was out for personal reasons so basically no one was in charge. The bar tender listened politely but really didn't care that our waiter was a jerk. Our bill was not adjusted in any way to compensate. It's too bad since it's a fun spot but I'm not going to pay good money for bad service from someone who couldn't care less about my dining experience. Fail.
5	This place has got it all. Great staff and servers putting out top quality endeavours for adventurous palettes. My grrrrl Amanda always hooks it up and the bartenders are always good for a few laughs. This is a classic Madison spot for sure!
4	A quintessential bar-restaurant-gastropub, featuring good to very good food and some great WI craft ale choices. All delivered by a friendly, helpful staff at reasonable prices. This is the kind of place where you can stop for a drink or two, drop in for dinner, or make a whole evening of it, and in each case walk away happy with your choice.  My one and only complaint, and it does lower the rating, is the fact that tables are close together, and also placed too close to the bar, which can make it a bit uncomfortable when it is crowded as seated and standing patrons and the busy servers have to carom off one another.  I understand they fill every one of those tables and that loss of seats might mean loss of $$$, but even a short wait to get seated was mighty uncomfortable.
4	Try the Walleye sandwich.  It's what brought me there and it's what keeps me coming back.  Also try the vegetarian chili.  Out of sight!
3	Mmm, I always have a good meal when I come to the Weary Traveler. However, I have to say, I think it's over-rated.I've been about 3-4 times since living just 2 blocks away. I've tried the Andes sandwich, both with tuna and pork. Pretty tasty. I had a grilled cheese last time, which came out luke warm and was sort of dry. I asked the waitress to bring a sauce to give the sandwich some spunk. She brought the goddess sauce, which was yummy. I do love the side of mixed greens with vinaigrette. I think the Weary Traveler could add a few things to the menu, or at least have seasonal specials. They do have a decent beer selection and I like the atmosphere.
3	The wait was a little long, as is the wait for food. Waiting for our food was fine and we chatted while enjoying some nice craft brews. The atmosphere is really cool and there are some quirky things on the walls. Their food is fresh and they use local ingredients whenever possible. There are a bunch of vegetarian options. I had a walleye sandwich, which was served with Yukon gold potatoes (had a little kick to them) and greens. Tarter sauce was meh. The Wisconsin cheese platter sounded good. The kitchen is open to 1am too. Not floored by The Weary Traveler, but may return sometime for some appetizers.
4	The Weary Traveler was our first stop after the drive from Minneapolis... so you could say we WERE the weary travelers. Ba-dum-dum-ching!It was packed inside, so we waited at the bar for a table to open up. Though I didn't partake, the beer list is absolutely fantastic, as it is almost everywhere in Madison (I'm convinced). My fiance ordered a cute Rhinelander shorty while I surveyed the scene of vintage mirrors and comfortably kitschy decor. I decided that this is probably the neighborhood we'd live in if we lived in Madison.Once we were seated, our server wasn't the greatest. She forgot a few things, though to be fair I had kind of a confusing/obnoxious order. I asked for the bad breath burger with no bun, no cream cheese and all the sauces on the side (It came with the bun. I also asked her if she could find out what was in one of the sauces for me, but I had to remind her twice. And there were no onions on either of our burgers, even though the menu says they are supposed to come with them.). I realize my order was annoying in the first place, so I don't want to fault her too much but she did also forget to put in my guy's soup so that came after our burgers did. And she wasn't totally on top of our drinks either.The food totally made up for the spotty service though. It's bar food, but all seemingly homemade (down to the ketchup). I'd definitely get this burger again, considering I ate it deconstructed, it was slightly overdone (medium well vs. medium) and it was STILL perfectly delicious. It's an organic burger with green goddess dressing, garlic, hot sauce, tomatoes... and since we realized we were missing our onions, the server brought us a giant cup of caramelized onion goodness. The onions make the dish.The burger also came with mixed greens and an amazing orange-Serrano chili-lime vinaigrette. It looks like this dressing also comes on the roasted veggie salad and that sounds wonderful too. I was in the mood for a burger that night, but the special board was really tempting. It was seared scallops with sauteed spinach and I think a bourbon-brown-sugar glaze. And it was only $13 or some such nonsense. That's like stealing.
4	I have always been more than pleased eating at the Weary. There's a great atmosphere and great food. I was, however disappointed with the service for the first time ever on Friday, November 23, the day after Thanksgiving. I believe our waiter's name was Carl, and he was the most unenthused, unfriendly, bad waiter I've ever experienced next to high-schoolers at nasty chain restaurants, and that's giving high-schoolers a bad name. He messed up my brother and my drink order, which is hard to do since we were drinking the exact same thing, and it was very simple. He failed to bring us silverware before bringing our meals, and we had to wait at least five minutes for him to finally bring that to us. Never once did he come to check up on us to see how our meals were (and they were delicious, as usual, but that's besides the point). We both would have liked another drink, but he was nowhere to be found. When we finished our meals, it was another waitress, who was very friendly, who took our dishes away. To top it off, after waiting another five to ten minutes, he walked up to our table, sort of snapped the bill down, gave it a couple taps with his knuckles, and walked off, not saying a word. This was an opportunity to rectify his non-service, ask how things were, possibly ask if we needed anything else like another drink. No, he obviously wasn't interested in serving us any more, and obviously didn't care about his tip. The waitress who took our plates walked by shortly after we got our bill, and I told her she was a better waitress in just doing that than he had been the entire time we were there.I've always had good to exceptional service at the Weary, and I've been there numerous times. The food has always been great, so no complaints there. It was the first time I've tried their Reuben, and it was phenomenal, made with the best pastrami I've ever had. I'm not one to write a lot of reviews here, but this instance warranted a review, and I hope the owners read this and take note. If I ever get this guy as a waiter again, I will immediately ask for someone else, or simply walk out.
4	What can I say about the Traveler that hasn't been said? I dunno, but here it goes. I'm a huge fan of the Weary Traveler. Unfortunately, I now live 1000 miles away, so I don't make it as often as I'd like to. My absolute favorite thing when I DO get to go is their Reuben. I've been all around the country, and a Reuben is usually my go-to sandwich, and I can say without a doubt that the Traveler's is the BEST. I'm also a big fan of the cheese plate (always a must for the appetizer. why? because CHEESE, duh!)  Great beer selection, the Goulash is pretty amazing too. (not the pasty elbow macaroni, hamburger and ketchupy sauce that most people I've known call Goulash) The only (very minor) complaint I have about the place is the seating. They get busy and fill up fast, and the tables are very close together. I'm a big guy, and sometimes I need a little space, although the last time I was there, my group and the group at the table next to us just ended up melding in to one SUPER AWESOME MEGA SUPER GROUP! yeah, it's just that kinda atmosphere. It's trendy/hippie/sconnie fab, and I can't wait to get back there.
4	Initially, I found the menu to be a little bit lacking, when it comes to what I would normally order. Talk about taking me out of my comfort zone when it comes to entrees. I quickly found myself turning to Yelp to find out what others had recommended. Bob's Bad Breath Burger was seemingly unanimous, alright Yelpers, you have spoken and I am listening.So, what scared me the most was the idea of cream cheese on a burger... what? But to be fair, I used to think P-Nut Butter on a AJ Bomber's burger was gross. Wrong, it is delicious. *Try new things* I told myself. That burger came out and the first few bites, I couldn't tell what cheese was on it - or if I would in fact have bad breath at the end. Fast-forward to the middle of the burger, yes, there is indeed cream cheese on this burger... verdict? YUM! Not too much garlic either. I really thought this sandwich would be overpowering with mouth odors. Granted, I don't think my breath was pleasant afterwards, but it wasn't atrocious.I liked the greens that came along with the burger, and those Yukon Gold Potato slices... I want more and I want them often! My brother enjoyed his Reuben but thought the bread was a little thick. I also tried the Hot Buttered Rum - it's a new favorite cocktail of mine. Wasn't quite as good as Bluephies' but where it lacked in mixing, it made up for in alcohol.As I looked around the room, it looked like a great, intimate 3rd date location. I'd say first date, but for me, I wanted the burger or the Reuben - not ideal on the after-meal breath. But, it felt very Madisonian to me, the decor and atmosphere just said to me that I was in Madison. I wish the place was a little bigger. I felt cramped at my table (I'm a tall guy), my knee kept hitting the leg of my table. It was also hard to get to our table - it was very crowded and every table was full.I could see coming back again, it was a unique experience. But I'll try a night that isn't as crowded (if that exists). Also, they have Chess Mondays... I'm not very good, but I always enjoy a good game (that I don't lose in 9 moves).
2	I've had really great meals at the WT, but my most recent experience really failed.My dining companion and I asked if we could substitute additional sweet potatoes for the artichokes on the roasted veggie salad.  The server indicated that would be fine.  When the salad arrived, the space where the artichokes would have been was empty, and the extra sweet potatoes were not there.  Lack of attention to detail!We also ordered the Bad Breath Burger, which arrived undercooked. The potatoes on the plate appeared to have done an olympic swim in a gallon of oil.  Many of the pieces were burned.  These "bottom of the barrel dregs" should not have been served to a customer.  Lack of attention to detail!Our server did replace the fried potatoes as we requested, but inidicated that's just how they are.  Not our experience in the past, but she seemed to think it was the norm.I hope this experience was an anomoly, as it's a favorite place overall.Please pay a bit more attention to detail in the food quality and presentation, consideration of customer.Thanks!
3	Local place for locals. You can play board games while you eat/wait for your food and they have good beers. It has a great atmosphere to share with friends but wouldn't come for their food (although their bad breath burger is garlicky and delicious).
4	I came here once as a weary traveler on a recommendation from a friend who lives in Madison.  I was stoked on the local kombucha served there and the available vegan options (Yeah, I'm that guy).  The burgers all looked legit also.  There were locally sourced items throughout their food and drink menues.  The place was covered in interesting memorabelia without the sense of trying too hard.  I enjoyed everything about this place.
4	If the Weary Traveler were my neighborhood bar, I'd be there all the time. My review may be a bit skewed since it's an hour drive for me so by the time I get there I am starving and grouchy.We were in the neighborhood a while back and wanted a burger. I hadn't been to the WT in 3 years so decided to give it a try (btw, was very happy with it the first time). There was a fun Arcade Fire meets Trampled By Turtles band playing and the volume level was perfect for chatting. The service was charming if not a bit stand-offish. I ordered a Bloody Mary and my husband got a beer. The bloody was pretty good but every sip I took just reminded me that it was missing something. I couldn't put my finger on it. It was not missing horseradish however (hot damn!), or pickled goodness-- the skewer was nicely loaded with some pickled gems. For food I had Bob's Bad Breath Burger. My husband had the Reuben. We shared a cup of the goulash. I would go back for this goulash. Delicious. The burger was not a good as I remember from last time. Maybe my expectations were higher... I don't know. It was good-- it just did not have that wow factor. The hubs' Reuben was a tasty treat!I think I could give this place 5 stars if the menu had changed at all in the last 3 years. I like more variety. I'm all for small menus as long as they evolve.
5	Our first time here and we thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  A bit of a wait for a table, no problem, waited at the bar.It was VERY busy though, service was pretty attentive so, it was fine.  Seating is a little cramped and it's definitely a "buzzing" place....lots of background chatter from other diners, etc.  The decor is quite cool.Food was very good.  We tried the pork chop over greens and the fried chicken.  Both were cooked very nicely.  I asked for my chop medium rare, and it actually was medium rare.  For some reason....it seems like so many places will only cook chops to medium well or well....wtf is the point of buying a good chop if you're going to turn it into shoe leather?  please!So, yes...definitely pleased with the food and will be back, for sure!Hint:  Parking can be a little tough...just plan on parking on a side street and walking a block or two....
4	Met coworkers there after work. Had trouble finding the place because there is little to no signage visible from the busy street, especially at night. Sat ourselves, as was the custom. Great expansive beer and drink menu for a small place. Service was prompt and friendly. I had the carne asada which was extremely reasonably priced and quite tasty. Very tender meat seasoned well on a bed of warm tortilla chips (I meant to ask if they were homemade but I forgot). Also came will grilled scallions and veggies and pico de gallo salsa and guacamole (not a fan of guacamole so I traded in for more chips!) All quite good. Coworkers had the gulash, (which was quite filling and he took home). and the Reuben which that coworker devoured.Loved the atmosphere. Very hodge-podge travelers inn type feel. Great woodwork look.Just a note to future weary travelers: they do advertise well that they can't split checks, but they can do multiple payments. Basically, do the math yourselves, and they are up front about it. Also, there is parking in the back, you just can see it from Williamson Street.Overall a great experience and I would go there again when on that side of town.    Visited February 2013
3	I've been to The Weary Traveler twice now and it's something of a mixed bag. The food and service are good on the whole despite the fact that the place is wall-to-wall with people. It's managing that wall-to-wall crowd that is preventing them from being a really good, possibly great place. I can't help but feel that its a victim of its own success. Just so you're aware, both my visits were made with different friends on Saturday evenings in winter.Food was fine but sort of inconsistent on both visits. On both trips, my friends and I had the south of the border platter as an appetizer. The pico was good, chips just fine, and the pickled vegetables tasty and crisp, with the right amount of bite and spice. The guacamole was good, but may need a shake of salt...taste it and be the judge. However, both tips resulted in vastly different amounts of the items on the spread. The escabeche pickled vegetables were almost non-existent on the second visit, and my dining partner was the first to express her disappointment as that was her favorite part. I agreed, as on my first visit I was served at least 3 times the amount.On one trip, I enjoyed a cup of good tom kha tofu. the soup was evenly spiced, the vegetables fresh and tofu firm to the tooth. Very nice. I alomost ordered a bowl again on my second trip, but wanted to try something new.Instead, I took a chance and ordered the special on my second visit. Fried smelt with parsnip pancakes, arugula*, and chile-blood orange syrup. This is a very Great Lakes-oriented dish that has been given a world flair that had a ton of potential. Unfortunately, it worked out to be an assembly of elements rather than a complete meal. I ate less than half of it.I was served a plate that was the rough equivalent of pasta bowl in size and shape. , The smelt were fine but a bit flavorless, most likely a result of a batter that was too thin (and probably lacked beer). The parsnip pancakes were not pancakes in the sense of potato pancakes. Instead, they were large croquettes of puree with some chunks, nicely friend on the outside and about 3 inches in diameter and 1 inch (!!!) thick. The arugula was fresh and crisp, but lacked any touch of the chile-blood orange syrup, which instead was an afterthought put on the potato cakes. The only indication it was there was a tiny spot of red color; it provided no discernible flavor to my meal. Total disappointment.My dining partner told me she ordered the chicken dijionnaise every time she was there, and after a bite of it I couldn't blame her. The chicken was cooked marvelously and the sauce more of a light mustard cream sauce than a thick mayo-mustard sauce I had expected. The green beans looked bright and fresh and I sampled the garlic mashed potatoes and found them mild and well-made. I could see why she liked it so much!Still, despite the crowd, we were seated quickly and treated to attentive service by out waiter. The host was a little rude on both visits, but I put it down to him being harried dealing with the crowd. When he seated us, he was very polite. Bartenders were pleasant and quick on both visits once you grabbed their attention. Be aggressive, but don't wave money. =o)A couple of miscellaneous sparks: a good selection of gluten-free, vegan, and vegetarian items are called out on the menu. There are some interesting alcohol-free drinks on the drink menu. Also, both time I was there it was the winter, and they had some hot drinks on a small menu as well -- nice touch!I'll certainly be back; I think my order on my second visit was just poorly executed. I'm presupposing the carne asada would be good, as would be a few other items. A third visit in spring should yield a different menu and a final measure.Looking for a recommendation? From me personally, I'd say it's inconclusive. From the crowds and the number of bad breath burgers coming out of the kitchen, I'd say give it a try.
5	The Weary is always a go-to for me when I have visitors come to Madison. The environment is warm and fairly intimate and the menu is small, but great. I usually get the Tom Kha Tofu, which I could eat every day and not get sick of it. The kombucha cocktails are interesting and worth a try. I would recommend coming here off peak hours though, because sometimes there is a wait.
2	I went here for brunch with a couple girlfriends. It is a cute little place on Willy Street and I was excited to give it a try.The interior is very homey and features a lot of weird pictures and eclectic decorations. They have a bunch of board games and giant chess pieces up on a shelf. It is a fun place!On the downside - it was freezing in there! They were very clearly making an effort to minimize this by having the main entrance be the back entrance so people coming in to the restaurant don't open the door and let the air in, but it was still pretty chilly. The food was alright, and the service was a little slow, but no real complaints. I had a good time meeting up with my friends. :)
2	Atmosphere was great, but the service on a Sat eve at 5:45 was horrifically SLOW! Waited almost an hour to receive the nightly special (tilapia) & the acorn squash w/ a pork chop. Waitress even came back & apologized but didn't offer anything. Food was good. Waitress never came back to check on us.
4	We have been hearing about the Bad Breath Burger for sometime and after the #MadCityBestEats came out we decided it was time to try.  This place swings and is a great little spot.  We split the roasted root salad which was fantastic.  The kitchen split in on to two plates for us.  We both ordered the Bad Breath Burger becasue I knew if I ordered something else, my better half would not be sharing very well!.  I'm glad I did, it was all that is cracked up to me.  Did someone say garlic?  If the burger doesn't get you then the potatos will.  Excellent.  We will be back for sure.  We noticed that the kitchen also stays open till ~1am which is great if you are looking for a late meal.
1	Very very noisy, don't expect to be able to carry on a conversation
4	Yes, it's hard to figure out who to talk to in order to get a table on a busy night. Yes, it's an uncomfortable wait. Yes, the tables are uncomfortably close. Yes, the waitstaff is stretched thin and very busy. Yes, there can be a long wait for your food. . BUT! The entrees and soups are AMAZING! I love the veggie West of the Andes Sandwich. The Tom Ka Tofu is very good too. The appetizers are just ok (but I still order them). We've had good luck getting a table and food quickly on weekday nights.
3	I know everyone seems to love this place, but for me it comes up a little short. The decor is fab and quirky, with the tin roof and board game collection, but the food is kinda hit and miss. For one, it seems inappropriate for a hipsterish little bar in the heart of Willy St, there are relatively few vegetarian options that aren't salad. I love, love love the South of the Andes veggie sandwich, but the fact that it comes with a tiny salad means it doesn't make for the most satisfying of meals. That would be cool, though, if they had more appetizer-y stuff. You can basically get a greek plate (which is good but gets old) or chips and salsa and/or guac. Meh. My husband loves the Bad Breath Burger of course. The vegan chili is good, but given how easy chili is to make, it's just not what I want to eat when I go out.  The beer selection is good -- in fact I much prefer the Weary as a bar rather than a restaurant.We went once for brunch, and while the bloody marys were pretty good, I felt similarly about my meal that time (Andes Eggwich) as I usually do. In general the menu is decent, just not that expansive.
5	Wow. This is bananas. Crazy freaking bananas good. The husband and I split two insanely delicious dishes. If a genie granted me a wish, I would ask him to grant me the ability to re-create the amazingness of this food. The bad breath burger was indulgent, juicy, and mouth watering tasty. Props to the waitress who said medium rare was actually medium. Thank you. Thank you so much for keeping it real. Because of her honesty, I got a burger that was exactly how I like it. There was a thick slice of cheesy goodness, giving the burger that "bad breath" aspect, but gosh I don't mind at all.Those potatoes! Sliced taters that were smothered in butter and garlic that was an explosion of goodness. Please don't show me the calorie count, I don't want to know.The special was a slow roasted pork in a tomato sauce with a house made baguette. I swear to god, I seriously thought they put drugs in that pork, because I had never had a dish that got better and better after each bite. Slap on a delicious pitcher of Ale Asylum Hopolicious, and you have yourself a night worth Yelping about.
1	I just had one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had in Madison.  The chicken was tough, the veggies were bland. The salmon was dry. The waitstaff couldn't care less.  I have been to the WT before and had a wonderful experience - everything was perfect so I chose the WT to celebrate my birthday. The Weary Traveler is inconsistent and I would not go there again. There are plenty of other places in Madison that are dependably consistent.
4	The Bad Breath burger gets my vote for best specialty burger in Madison.
3	We trekked out early for a Friday to make sure we didn't have to wait for a table. 6:15pm arrival - snagged the last table in the place. After that, there was a steady crowd hovering around the door, waiting for tables to turn over.  I really liked the energy of the place, bustling and warm with wood floors and tin ceilings.  We ordered a pitcher of Hopalicious ($14) which seemed to be less quantity-wise than four pints (about $4/ea), so you'd probably break about even to simply order the beer you want by the glass vs get a pitcher, just sayin'. The dinner menu was reasonably priced with many items in the $9-10 range and several veg options.  I opted for the stuffed butternut squash and the Mister got the dinner steak special.  45 minutes later... dinner came (wowzers, good thing I wasn't too hungry)!  Indeed, tables seated after us were somehow served dinner before us, but regardless, we were excited when our food finally arrived. The butternut squash was presented nicely, with a side salad and  topped with sliced avocado.  However, it was a bit dry and lacked much flavor besides regular ol' squashiness.  The steak  was undersized and over-cooked... yikes, a double whammy!  Even the veg at the table knew that sucker was nowhere close to being medium rare.  Fortunately our waitress was accommodating about sending it back and replacing it.   All in all, ambiance was great, prices were good, service was fine, food was underwhelming.  I'd be willing to give it another shot, but there are probably a number of other spots I'd plan on hitting up first...
4	One of my favorite places to go and grab a med plate. The med plates here (humus, tabouli, salad & dressing, pita bread) are by far the best in town. It does get busy pretty fast after 7 and parking can sometimes be a pain. When it is full and busy, it gets hard to hear anyone talking and it's almost like being at a club.
4	The bad breath burger is as great as everyone says it is! The garlic potatoes that come as the side are also incredible.The guac, pico and pickled veggie plate is very good. The chips are cold and incredibly thick.
5	The food is solid, I like the ambiance, the drink selection is good, and the wait staff is friendly. A bar/restaurant done really well. The only knock i have against the restaurant is that when it's crowded, it gets really loud in there.
2	Wow, after hearing so many positive comments about this place, I was shocked at the mediocre experience I had when here. The problems started as soon as my companion and I walked in. The space was inordinately dark for daytime, thanks to the shutters covering every window. The bathrooms were single stalls, which - as every woman knows - is a royal pain in the ass at a bar. I'd met friends for drinks here before, but I was unsure of any protocol as to whether we sat ourselves or not for a late-afternoon meal. We stood there awkwardly, looking for any kind of "seat yourself"/"wait to be seated" signs, looking over at the bartender to see if he could help us (he was engrossed in conversation with a patron), trying to find a server (they were all in the back or the other room), and generally receiving no greeting or guidance whatsoever. We eventually sat ourselves.After several minutes, a server came over, asking if we'd been helped yet. The fact that we didn't even have water in front of us might have provided her with a clue, but apparently not. We ordered beers, which arrived fairly slowly. There were no coasters, and condensation rapidly started crawling all over the table. After our server brought the beers, we ordered the famed Bob's Bad Breath Burger to share. While we waited, we wanted to play a board game, but the shelves of board games were located behind a table of patrons, so it would have been fairly awkward to hover over them while making a selection. There's got to be a better place to put the games. Our burger arrived (points for splitting it onto two plates for us, with no up-charge for doing so) after about 40 minutes, which seemed a bit long given that the place didn't have many people eating at the time. It was a wise decision to share the meal, as it would have been *enormous* for one person. Seeing the size of other meals that came out later, huge portions seem par for the course. I was kind of shocked at how tasteless the burger was. The bun was a bit stale and hard, so every time I bit into it, the cold, hard cream cheese slipped out. The cream cheese would probably have worked better if it were warm and/or stuffed inside of the burger patty, but as it was, it was just a clumsy mess. I couldn't taste the green goddess dressing or pickapeppa sauce, but they were certainly good at making an enormous mess on my hands. I couldn't really taste the garlic at all. The tomatoes turned the stale bun into a soggy mess; blotting the slices before putting them on the sandwich would have been a smart move. The caramelized onions were visible, but made very little impact with regard to flavor, although the bun enabled them to slip out with every bite. The burger itself, which we ordered medium, was much closer to well-done, and it was dry and bland. The Yukon Gold potatoes were a burnt disaster. There was literally zero seasoning, and they arrived already cooled to room temperature. The greens were a bit dry and arugula-heavy; they could have used a touch more vinaigrette. I'd been eyeing the dessert specials for much of our time there, but after the meal was such a disappointment, we decided to walk to Chocolaterian to salvage the afternoon instead. However, this took another twenty minutes, because our server couldn't be arsed to return to our table to ask about our food or bring us the check, no matter how hard we tried to flag her down. I don't know if I've ever had service this slow or neglectful in the US, especially on a slow afternoon with at least two other servers present.I might come here for beers again in the future if my friends want to go (although I know from past experience that it's incredibly noisy and packed to the rafters on weekend evenings, which I don't like when I want to actually have a conversation), but I'll be steering clear of the food and fetching my own drinks.
5	Tonight is cheap food review night.This is the best bang for buck in town. you gotta come down to Willy street if you haven't tried!!!This is a gastropub, more casual, more hipster than Graze, Forequarter or Merchant, BUT cheaper, and just as good!!!And, its the one of the few late night places on Willy street!What's good?Bob's bad breath is the best!!! I also love the chicken dijonnaise, its so tender and juicy... Don't forget to get EXTRA garlic potatoes! Tom Ka tofu; Not so vegan chilli and hungarian goulash are also really good for the winter weather!I'm alright with cocktails there.You can also play their board games!!! so awesome for a board games geek like me!Lastly, they are crowded, weekdays or weekends; just come prepared. If you get a seat, food comes relatively quicklY!
4	I stumbled across this place because I was hungry and it was late and I happened to be near it at the time. I had the salmon and it was good. I plan on trying it again at some point the next time I'm in Madison.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Madison! Great food, great atmosphere.For food, I like to alternate between the West of the Andes beef tenderloin sandwich and the Bad Breath Burger - or even better - convince someone to do halfsies with me:) The West of the Andes sandwich is usually a super-tender thick slice of tenderloin topped with absolutely fantastic guacamole. No matter what season this is - it's super good. Overall the menu is a bit small, but what they do have on the menu is fantastic. Also, the dinner special is generally pretty good and they have a nice selection of craft beers on tap.For the atmosphere, my favorite time of year for Weary Traveler is Winter. There's nothing better than stepping off the cold streets of Willy and into a warm, dimly lit, crowded restaurant/bar for hot Grog and picking out a game to play (in the shelves in the corner.)
5	Cornbread Update:I think they must have tweaked their recipe, because I tried a piece of the vegan cornbread again and it was perfect. Thanks, Weary Bakers!
1	It was our first trip to Weary Traveler on Saturday, July 27th.  We stopped actually due to the great ratings on Yelp!  But, we quickly found out that their food was a bit too "organic".  We all ordered and when the food came my friend found A LARGE BEETLE CLIMBING IN HER SALAD.  At this point I called over the waiter and he simply said that it was a "natural" salad and we should be glad that it wasn't dead, but that it was alive.  He also told us that the greens are organic and from McFarland.  I'm very happy that they use organic greens, but the question is if they wash them???  The worst part was that they offered to re-plate, but didn't give my friend her meal complimentary.  We obviously couldn't eat salad anymore, but instead had undercooked potatoes.  Very disappointing indeed.  Will not be going back.
4	Recommended by a friend who frequents this place quite regularly, right in the heart of willy st, I decided to stop in for lunch, it's a quaint little place that you would never guess has as good of food as it does.. The vegetarian chili was the best I've had in Madison thus far!!!  Just for that I will go back to try other menu options that appeared to be great selections... Staff was very nice but although busy, still was very much attentive to our needs...
4	Love this place for the decor and fun vibes. The board games are perfect to go with casual dinner and beer. Service was good, friendly and accommodating. Salmon was overcooked, but I got thumbs up from the goulash and burger. The ketchup and garlic potatoes stole the show. Would come back definitely.
4	Go here if you have a group of friends and you don't plan on deconstructing Sartre's Being and Nothingness, or talking about anything serious. The acoustics in here are terrible and it seems like you can't hear yourself talk, but you CAN hear everyone else talking. If you're an eavesdropper, this is the place for you! Otherwise the environment is cozy and you feel like you can stay a while. I dig that.I had some of their roasted sweet potatoes and it's like I had never eaten sweet potatoes before. They were truly amazing. Also, Bob's Bad Breath Burger is pretty much the best burger I've ever eaten. I know that between the caramelized onions, cream cheese, green goddess dressing, tomatoes, and the actual burger itself, it sounds like a lot. Do it anyway, but maybe without the bun. I mean, gluten is bad for you, right?Servers, you are clever. You know every trick! It's frustrating when I want to get the check but I have to tip my hat to you for doing ALL the right things to avoid your tables, lol. You guys are awesome.
3	Went for dinner last night.  We had the bad breath burger, and the walleye sammy.  Both were pretty good, but not like "wow, I'll be craving this now".
2	Although the place was not full to the brim busy, service was incredibly slow.  Close to an hour slow. Two of us ordered the West of the Andes which were reported as good.  One had the eggs and salmon which would have been better if it had arrived while the Bloody Mary still had ice.  Incidentally, poached eggs are not available probably because they might have fossilized before serving.  My Ace Burger was pretty good but not worth the wait.  There's a chance we might return but not a great one.
5	Had this Bob's bad breath burger that everyone is raving about and it is a MUST order!!! It was the best burger I've ever had and the potatoes that come on the side.....,dang they're doing something right! All if the food comes from local sources and they are every proud of it. It had a cool atmosphere. Without a doubt will be back here again!
4	All ye faithful Madisonians, gather round for I have a tail to tell:There is a bar, not too far, a place where all can drink in harmony.The waiters love bad breath, the customers, reckless debauchery.Carnivores will clammer, their prey will scamper,The vegans and the hunters will peacefully affiliate.So do not fear the coop or the beer, and do not hesitate.(You'll probably have the bad breath burger.)When as a wee lad, I came to discuss a movie,Y Tu Mama Tambien? the waiter asked me.And I said yes, yes, yesI'll talk a little and then a lot, it will be loud it will be hot. But mostly, it'll be spicy.Because I will have the chili.
4	Excellent in so many ways. The atmosphere is really great, so chill.  The food is basic comfort food . You just can't go wrong w/whatever you order.  Service is really great but you can't be in a hurry. Relax, it's all good!
5	An eclectic and well thought out menu which has rock solid staple items and fun seasonals too!
4	A very cozy (albeit cramped during late hours) local pub/restaurant. I had the vegan chili with cornbread. The chili was spicier than expected (but I love heat) so be careful if you are a wimp. What can I say? It was good chili. The cornbread was just okay but honestly, that's kind of the norm for vegan cornbread. The real highlight for me was the Sweet Corn, Quinoa and Black Bean Salad. It was light and refreshing. Soft avocados and tart lime combined to make a creamy but not soggy salad. I craved it for days. Beer selection is pretty good too.
3	Too many hipsters in too small a space.  It's often waaay too cramped in this place.  The servers are typically a little moody, but that's just because they are way cooler than you are. ;-) Other than that, I have no complaints.  They have a great selection of beer and a decent selection of wine. Bob's Bad Breath Burger is still the best burger I have ever had... By a long shot. I love that it comes with yummy fried potatoes as a side with a little pile of fresh greens as well. Definitely try this place!
5	Brunch. YUM. Just...so much yum. Perfectly fluffy scrambled eggs, delicious sausage, insane french toast. I wish I could've tried the bacon, but they were out. Maybe for the best though, because I probably would have died right then and there. Also, Jeff the bartender is great - attentive without being pushy. I like.Food=10Relaxed atmosphere complete with chill bluegrassy band=10Price=10
3	Color me unimpressed!  We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon and the restaurant definitely embraced the "lazy sunday afternoon" moniker.  Many of the tables still were occupied with the empty vessels of diners before and the waitstaff was almost non existent.  Once we did get the privilege of ordering our food, we again waited....and waited...and waited...for our food. I was very underwhelmed by the Bob's Bad Breath Burger.  While the description sounds amazing, the execution was poor.  It left me neither satisfied nor with bad breath.  I have eaten here in the past and was always happy when I left.  Is it the case that the restaurant staff had post-freakfest hangovers or is the restaurant simply resting on its laurels and hopes the bearded and the flannel bearers keeping flocking to a declining (and very average) restaurant?  I don't know the answer but probably am not going to give it a second chance to find out..
4	Descriptive phrase: unpretentious hipster pub.Normally when you hear you're going to a hip pub on Willy Street, you reach for your flannel and thick-rimmed glasses. Not that those would be out-of-place at Weary Traveler, but it's too generic and stereotypical. WT is more than just another place to comb crumbs out of your ironic mustache; it's legitamitely good and unique food and fun.Come early because there's gonna be a wait. It's tight inside, but doesn't feel cramped. The dark and heavy wood and soft lighting make you feel like your in a friend's cabin. Four of us sat down to play some cards, drink some beers, and grab some grub.They have a number of old-school games lying around to play while you wait. Their tap beer list is respectable, with pitchers running $12-$14. We split a Wisconsin Meat and Cheese Platter (Medium - $13.50 was enough for four) which featured turkey, ham, and sausage with a few different cheeses and crostinis. The crostinis were a bit stale, but the local meats were delicious. The (duck?) liver pate was a bit much for me.My main course was the West of the Andes Sandwich ($8.75). Jeebus, that was good. Avocado, pico de gallo, and chipotle mayo atop perfectly grilled beef tenderloin. More than enough food for the price, and the quality was outstanding. Greasy enough to need napkins, but not so much to overpower the other tastes. Arguably one of the best sammiches in Madison. I subbed a special side of rice that night, but the usual mixed greens looked like a sad little addition.Overall I had a wonderful experience at Weary Traveler. If you're in the area, definitely give it a try. There's few better places to spend some time with friends in the area.
4	Cute little place. Went on a Tuesday evening with 2 others and sat right away. We were a little bit confused as we walked in if we were supposed to seat ourselves or if there was a host somewhere. We ended up having to walk up to the bar and ask.. so I'm not sure what the protocol is. Anyway onto the food:Bob's bad breath burger is so good! I would say the meat was a little bit too much for me (half-pounder) but I guess others would be happy. There is cream-cheese on it, which others may feel weird about, but I loved it! Side salad was perfect and  side potatoes were AMAZING. My friends asked me why I'm eating all of my sides first, which I dont usually do. Cup of chili that my friend got looked good. Big chunks of tomato and beef. It's really dark inside so it's hard to see the details of some foods like chili.. but it didn't bother me with my burger. I would def come back for some dinner, beer, or weekend brunch. They also have board games, which I didn't play but would def come back for! It's pretty small, so I wouldn't be surprised if there was a wait to sit.
4	Atmosphere was wonderful.I got Bob's Burger. It was phenomenal. Really one of the most delicious burgers I've ever had. Medium rare came out medium rare.
3	I've been here twice, once with a group, and once solo.  As a solo diner, I was completely ignored.  Took forever to get someone to take my order, and never had anyone come back to see if everything was OK, to ask if I wanted another glass of wine (I did), nor water.  As a group the experience was a little better, though drink refills were tough to get then too.
4	The goulash was amazing. I wish my grandma had recipes like that. Unfortunately as good as the food was the venue does have its share of problems. It is very cramped inside with small tables. For a taller person with long legs I had to sit stretched out into the aisle and felt in the way. There was also a bit of a disturbance where the staff called the police to have an area man escorted out and the staff did not seem to know how to handle the situation.
4	GREAT beers on tap, and the oh-so-delish charcuterie plate (featuring selections from Underground Meats) is a showstopper.  Super-loud on Friday nights, but the people watching, suds, and food make it all worthwhile.
1	I'm a visitor from out of town, visiting my family. Looking for a great place to eat with a great atmosphere. I thought it was the weary traveler. Unfortunately I find myself a weary traveler, as I sit in this establishment. Our waitress seems very angry. We walked in and we must have done something wrong? Unfortunately we are only having a drink and leaving. We will walk across the street to and find somewhere else to eat.Edit: we ended up going to Bunkies. We called ahead to see when they opened and they opened an hour early for us. They were super friendly and the food was great.
5	My most recent brunch experiences here at the Weary have made me up my star rating. Why is that?Reason #1: Le Toast. OMG. This is what all French toast should be like. Thick (like over an inch) slices of homemade whole grain bread in this perfect cinnamon-y, almond-y, sweet-but-not-too-sweet batter...and with real maple syrup on the side. YUM. **Tip: Get a half order with a side of...Reason #2: The bacon. The slices of bacon are also huge("double-thick cut" is no joke), and have been nice and crispy when I've gotten them. Reason #3: The service. I gave the Weary 3 stars in the past for slow service, and I think if you hit it at a super-busy time, this can still be the case. However, the last couple of times I've gone the servers have been ultra friendly and attentive.
3	As I walked in I decided that I was going to like this place.  Cool place in the cool part of Madison.....   But unfortunately I can't say I loved it.The Bloody Mary's were top notch.  Filled with a great assortment of vegetables and a beer chaser.... Great start.   The food unfortunately was a let down.I had the Reuben which was okay and the sides that come with it where good.  Nothing that really great.  I read all the "bad breath burger" reviews on yelp (mostly good).  We ordered one and no one liked it.  First of all it was very dry and I just couldn't get into the flavors.  Garlic and cream cheese?  It just wasn't for me.I liked the vibe of the place and the drinks...  A big not sure on the food.
5	Service a little slow, but food is very good.  Would recommend to everyone. Ruben was delicious .
2	The food has always been good here. However, I have never had good service. That's enough to make me never go back.  I've consistently had waitstaff not pay attention to the table, take forever to serve or check on the table, and one time the waitress was rude to me because the bill was wrong! There are so many great places to get food in Madison, you shouldn't waste your time on bad service at the Weary
4	Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak and weary....suddenly there came...burgers! And really good burgers.As we all know, ya just gotsa get the Bob's Bad Breath Burger. Cream cheese, green goddess dressing, caramelized onions, garlic, tomato, pickapeppa sauce. It's messy. It's goooood. Similarly delicious is their West of the Andes beef tenderloin sandwich with avocado, pico de gallo, and chipotle mayo. If you're into that sorta thang.We also tried the Carne Asada of marinated flank steak, guacamole, pico de gallo, grilled scallion, tortilla chips, and spicy escabeche pickled vegetables. The steak was glorious. I love their Japanese sukara cherry green tea by the way.
4	Excellent food and service!!
1	I wish I could have given this zero stars. My co-workers and I went into the Weary Traveler the other day for lunch - none of us have ever been there but we all heard relatively good things of the place. When we first entered, the initial shock was how cold the place was. I know that we were going through the midst of the Polar Vortex this week, but seriously there was very little difference in temperature from outside to inside. The service was average at best, nothing to write home about except that our server appeared to be very disheveled and possibly might have missed a shower or two.. or three....Our food arrived, again nothing spectacular. But that is where the fun begins... The next day when we all got to the office and reviewed the lunch from the day prior we all began to realize that each of us had come down with some sort of illness. None of us were sick the previous day (or the previous month). The only thing that we can attribute our illness to is this place. All I know that is after going through 48 hours of a fever mixed in with severe nausea and a horrible cough, this place is not  worth EVER eating again.
2	I went here again with my girlfriend recently and we were sadly disappointed. I'm hoping it was an "off" night. We started off with a chips and guac sampler that was delicious, although really, its hard to screw that up. We then moved onto main courses and it was here that the meal went awry. I had a bowl of the chili which was just not...good. The flavor seemed off, and with way too much chopped onion. It felt as if I was eating a dish of chopped onion in vaguely chili-flavored tomato juice. The cornbread was dry as well. My girlfriend, the meat eater, got meat in hers and described it as "stringy"--odd for tenderloin tips, I think. I also had a salad, which while good, wasn't as good as I remembered last time. The avocados were not quite ripe, which gave it a totally different texture. Last but not least, our nearly sixty-dollar tab (including beer) for okay chili, salad, and chips seemed...excessive? We felt like we got ripped off, not a great feeling for a date night. I would eat here again, but now I'm worried about consistency so it might be a while.
1	The wife, baby and I stopped in for Brunch this past Sunday due to my friends kept raving about this place.  Upon entering the cloth curtains, the room was 75% full. In the room we were in, there were only two waiters waiting on everyone and we stood for 5 minutes unnoticed.  The bartender to the right didn't bother to greet us either.   It felt awkward and after noticing many customers still waiting to be served, we figure it'll be a long wait since they're under staffed.  It was a dissapointing first impression.  Maybe we'll return again in the spring and hopefully they'll be better staffed.
4	Every time I've gone to Weary I've had to wait for about half an hour or 45 minutes to get a table. Fortunately, the incredibly friendly staff and food always makes up for the wait (plus, it's my own fault I consistently show up at 6 pm on Friday nights. Oops).Weary's got a slew of solid vegan options. From the Tom-Ka tofu bowl to the vegan chili (with cornbread that runs a bit dry, but is great crumbled up in the stew) to the Quinoa Turtle Bean salad, I always enjoy my food by eating it as quickly as possible. I can't help myself, soooo good!The ambiance is the best part about The Weary. With some mood lighting, rustic wood interior, and cool kid vibe, it's a great spot for a date. They don't take reservations, so just don't show up during the dinner rush on the weekends.
3	The atmosphere keeps me coming back here, not the food.  Beyond their Bad Breath Burger and Tom Ka Tofu stew, nothing else is really worth trying.  Although the last time I was here, even the Tom Ka Tofu stew seemed off.  I felt like I was eating a bunch of tofu floating in an overly spicy tomato-cream sauce. They really need to switch up their menu, but keep the favorite staples and make those well.
5	This place keeps on impressing me. Today I had the bad breath burger and it was filled with so many different flavors. I also love their chili with or without meat!! Today I warmed up with some coffee. The coffee I'd barriques brand roasted here in Madison. Really can't go wrong here!
5	Hungry late at night?Please try the Weary Traveler.Stomach says "Thank you."
4	Great atmosphere, usually busy, might have to wait for a table but good food and cozy environment.
3	The only thing to do in Madison is drink!  I loved this place as they had Hot Buttered Rum.  Always wanted to try that since reading Harry Potter.  I also had the Grog and let me tell you, the Grog is responsible for the third star.  My meal was good and tasty for bar food.  All bars are raising the bar on their food and this one is no different.  Really great and the service was amazing.  They do not separate bills which is so odd.  I will not go here again just for that reason.  It boggles the mind that a place with EPIC 10 mies away will not cater to groups.  NO wonder it is not crowded when we go.  This cannot be bourne for employees on work related trips.  We have to separate checks for our travel claims.  But all in all a great time.
1	A friend of mine told me I had to eat here when I was in Madison because the food was "really amazing". Turns out the food was terrible. No flavor. Bad service. Horrible decor. I mean there's a metal rod with a speaker on top right in the center of the dining room. It was the worst food related experience I've had in a long time. Maybe it was a bad night or the normal chef was sick or something. No idea. This place sucks though. I was really surprised at how many people were there eating. Blah blah blah..
4	Went here to grab a quick dinner with a friend on a Wednesday night. We were seated and taken care of promptly. There were a decent amount of people both at the bar and dinner tables. For dinner I ordered the West of the Andes sandwich. It was basically everything I like put on a sandwich. It had a creamy chipotle mayo, avocado, pico de gallo, and I chose beef tenderloin for my sandwich. Overall, the sandwich was awesome in terms of flavor. My only complaint is that the beef tenderloin was a bit tough. I wasn't able to take a bite of the sandwich without the entire piece of meat falling out. It was a bit of a mess, and embarrassing too. Ultimately, I had to eat my sandwich with a knife and fork. Our server was very kind and although she seemed busy, she managed to take care of us very well.
4	One of the best in Madtown.
4	The Weary Traveler is perfect for a Sunday afternoon or a cozy weekday dinner. I've been a few times for various occasions, and I definitely like their soups and appetizers best. They have an assortment of games and cards on the shelf, so it's fun to grab a few beers and hang out for a while, but not on a weekend night. The Tom Ka is really good, as is the hummus platter. I've tried the corn quinoa salad and my friends go crazy over the bad breath burger, to name a few favorite menu options.I would try it out if you haven't been, but definitely avoid Friday and Saturday nights. They tend to be packed with long waits and sub-par service.
4	WT is an awesome dive with a ton of character. The building is dark and old in the right kinds of ways. The staff was attentive and the beer list was fantastic. My wife and I had a blast playing Yahtzee and taking down fine Wisconsin craft brews. It was my first bar in Madison and left a great first impression.
5	Real good.  I am having dirty thoughts about a had breath burger right now.  I'm going to move back to the Willy st neighbor hood Judi do i can eat them more often
4	The food was an original take on a lot of "typical" plates - everyone in our group enjoyed what they ordered! The waitstaff was incredibly accomodating to us as we had a wheelchair in our party. It was just a bit cramped/loud, which isn't much my style, but necessarily a negative for a lot of people. While it didn't leave a lasting memory or need to go back anytime soon, the restaurant certainly will not disappoint.
3	Have only been here a couple times. Both times food and drinks were better than average, while the service was slow and lacking. I'll definitely give it another shot, but maybe at a slower time of day.RATINGS (A+  --  F)Service: CFood: BDrinks: BPrice $: BAtmosphere: BOverall Experience: C+
1	My daughter and I very much like East Indian food, and found it convenient to stop at Maharajah on Odana Rd. some months ago.  Our experience was not a good one.  The food was delicious - but we hadn't noticed that they were closing in an hour and nothing was said until our waiter came to tell us we'd better go fill up plates if we wanted anything else, as they were cleaning up.   We got a bit more, and he hovered, making us feel like we'd best wolf it down and get out.  As it was, they turned off half the lights before we were done (they close at 2:00 pm).  When I got to the register, I was  informed that "the wireless was turned off" - not happily, he turned it back on so I could use my credit card.  Before we got to the door all the lights were out, and we  had to be let out.   Very disappointing experience, because of the treatment of staff.  The food was nice, but rude behavior cancels that out.
2	I'm weary from traveling to an overrated Madison destination.I had heard of Weary Traveler through Yelp and wanted to go to a cool hangout for my birthday since a few friends were in town.  I don't get to Willy St. very often so I figured it was a good reason to try a fun spot.  I have to say, I was unimpressed.  We were traveling in a group of seven, and we showed up after 8pm on a Saturday.  I fully was expecting a crowded scene and it lived up to expectations.  Unfortunately, two six-person groups had arrived just before us so we were in for an hour wait.  Not the most terrible thing in the world because it was a chance to drink and catch up with each other at the bar.  Good selection of beer and the service was attentive, as long as you don't mind being served by a rude bartender.  Granted, it was busy, but we were quite pleasant to her and she still threw our change back without so much as a 'thank you.'  When we were finally seated at a nice corner circular booth, we did have a good waitress who was very cool.  I ordered Bob's Bad Breath Burger, which was pretty tasty, though while it said 'grass-fed,' it did seem like the patty was the pre-made frozen kind.  I wasn't overly blown away.  My friend's ordered the Carne Asada that looked ok, if you like a few cut pieces of steak over a bed of tortilla chips with some pico de gallo.  Again, didn't really blow my socks off.  As others have mentioned, it's LOUD.  They certainly pack a lot of tables into the two sides of the restaurant and waiters and waitresses are always squeezing behind you at the bar and between the close tables.  The old-school decor, however, is dark, warm and inviting, which I thought was a plus.Make no mistake:  Weary Traveler is a place to be seen.  The locale on the Willy St. corner is great and there is a reason it is so busy.  The prices seemed reasonable, though I don't think I'll be itching to go back anytime soon.
3	I love the atmosphere, they have pretty solid beer selection, and the quinoa salad was filling and delicious!
4	This restaurant, more than any other, was recommended by more people upon moving to Madison. It only took us a year to get here, but we finally did, it was a great experience. After reading the wonderful reviews you all have posted, I went with the recommended "bad breath burger". It was great, flavorful, just a bit a spicy, and left me with vampire slaying breath for two days. It was worth it. I would highly recommend it. My husband had the reuban. He said it was a little lackluster, but I enjoyed that as well - yes I made him share. We split the tres leches cake. Also good. I feel because so many people had recommend WT that I had a pretty good sense of what to expect. WT met those expectations. It was crowded and hosted a fun, mixed group of people. The books were a nice touch too!
4	I actually hate  the term "hipster", but for this one time, I will use it to describe this restaurant. It is very hipster and from what I heard all organic, although I don't know how valid that is. I guess it doesn't matter to me if it's organic or not (I know, I know, I should care more).My friends always talked about this place and their sandwiches so decided to go before I left Madison permanently. West of the Andes Tuna Steak Sandwich with avocado, pico de gallo and Chipotle mayonnaise. YUMMMMM. It was sooo sooo good. I didn't get a chance to taste the rest of my friends' dishes but from the silence I think I can assume they enjoyed their food as well.Can't wait to go back and take my boyfriend here.
4	The Weary is a wonderful place to get a beer and meet up with friends, either a one on one or group setting. The servers I have had have all been pleasant. Beer list is great. I wish the menu changed more often or had more smaller snacking options. The Bob's Bad Breath burger is a must and I find myself wanting to order one even when I'm not hungry because it's so delicious! When you come in you are more than welcome to seat yourself - or so it seems- but I like to make eye contact with someone working before I sit just to be polite.
4	Great diner. Kind of the new trend in midwest food, upscale bar food. Good food, especially the tuna steak sandwich and the beef stew. Its usually crowded on weekends and evenings so if you can, try to do a lunch in the weekend. Atmosphere is alright, dimly lit, which a bunch of random stuff on the walls. Similar to a outback or apple bees but more eclectic.
3	The food's great here. But bike, walk or come on the bus, there is little or no parking around the restaurant. When they get busy, expect slow service.
4	One of my favorite places to eat on Willy St! I'd recommend it for lunch or dinner. I went there for drinks once, and the atmosphere wasn't quite as enjoyable. Willy Street can get crowded if you're driving, but the side streets nearby should have free 2 hour parking.
1	Cute decor, looked like a fun place until we sat down at the bar and had to deal with the Asian female bartender (noting this only because didn't catch her name....or service for that matter)  Thank you to the guy that told us she's always like that..I feel for you.Ill repeat...You're in the "service" industry..please go home and don't work if you can't handle people even if your having an off day.  I've bartended I know.   I don't recall the last time I felt so disrespected in a bar when I'm the customer spending my money.Words of advice:  (from experience) 1. Smile2. Act friendly (even if you don't feel like it) yes, your tip depends on it3. If asked a question, answer it :)4. Seriously - dress for success - PJ's are for home.We left within 5 mins of being there and told her she sucks... And you do.  Unfortunately, you missed out on a fat tip....it's across the street at jolly bobs with the bartender that does the above... See list 1,2,3,4.Some may feel this is a harsh review but first impressions are everything.Cheers :)
5	Love this place! 5 stars alone for ambiance. Bad breath burger, tilapia sandwich and west andes sandwich are all to die for. Guess you could say Weary Traveler has the best sandwiches in Madison, definitely on Willy. The tom kha soup is also to die for. Small but selective beer selection. And I can't say enough about the ambiance. A little dark if you wanna go during the day though.
4	great tofu soup! yum! A bit crowded/cramped in between tables...
5	Great food and excellent customer service. Had lunch on Sat. Went with son and his wife. We're chatting when bill came. Glanced at bill, misread bill. Payed way to much. Contacted Weary Traveler regarding my error. They were happy to refund my overpayment. Receive the check very quick. We will be back for more great food.
5	Be sure to get the vegan chill with cornbread. The chili is slightly spicy, but good. The cornbread is awesome, too!
2	Limited menu. Trying to be too hipster. Prices are too high for what you get.
4	Grilled cheese was great, but the Hungarian Ghoulash is not to be missed!
3	Fun neighborhood place with good basic bar grub.
4	It's not really my place on a Friday or Saturday night, but for a weekday lunch, YES!The South of the Border snack plate?  OMG!  Pickled veggies, great guac, love!The West of the Andes Sandwich is my total favorite, you can get it with steak, tuna or veggies.  It has just enough kick to keep you interested, and the salad with it is simple but great.Their fried potatoes are magic, and the Vegan Chili (you can add meat to it) is also very tasty.I like the atmosphere and the drink selection changes often.  It's a very relaxed, calming place (at least during the day).  The Weary is my favorite place on Willy St.  It's super cool they feature local products and even though I'm not funky or hipster, I've never felt unwelcome here.
5	Outstanding!  Long on my list to try and have their glorious Bob's Bad Breath Burger.  Ventured out on Saturday night amidst the light rain and Fete de Marquette.  Crowded but we were able to grab a table quickly.  Immediate and fantastic service.  A couple of drinks and our order.   I went with the above mentioned burger and it was fantastic.  House chips delish as well.  She went with a quinoa, corn and black(turtle) bean salad and it was enjoyed as well.  They did end up losing our order so server brought us gratis chips and salsa.  We were having such a nice conversation we didn't notice that food was taking a while. So the free chips were a nice surprise.Great beers on tap.  Nice neighborhood place and fantastic service. Another one on the return list.
4	Love this neighborhood hangin' joint. Friendly, great food, and drinks. It can get a little loud at times. West of the Andes, and Bob's Bad Breath Burger are faves.
4	Five stars for the ambiance & deserts (which are made by a local woman!). Very comfortable atmosphere: cozy, welcoming, friendly.  If you are looking for to get away from the party crowds, and have a drink in a dimly lit, interestingly decorated bar with good service- this is the spot. The food (the Mediterranean plate & grilled cheese) was just OK, so three stars there was decent. Plenty of vegan options, and gluten free dishes are labeled. I highly recommend dropping by here for a drink- and if you're hungry at the time, order food.
1	I would USUALLY give this place 4.5 stars. Me and my fellow roommates usually have nothing but good things to say. We went there about a month and a half ago. I wasn't going to write a review but my experience left such a bad taste in my mouth that none of us have been back since. Which is unfortunate because we went there a lot. ( we went there the night before the bad experience)Heres how the night went:- After just taking our drink orders the waitress had no idea who's drinks went where. Which would not be a big deal if she didn't say "sorry I've had a longggg day, so I'm like not going to remember anything" (I'm thinking "uhhh thanks, I feel so welcome")-Never asked us if we needed another drink (when ours were obviously empty)-Since they don't do separate checks, we initialed and color coded each persons orders, and even wrote the total for each initial at the bottom of the check.  She then picks up the check and says "you have to figure out tax" (which in all of the times we have been there we have NEVER had to do before) Even so, If we have to figure out tax why wouldn't it just be included in the price.  Some of my friends I was with didn't even know what percent the tax was. So instead of using a combination of cards and cash we pooled what ever cash we had left exact change.-we walk out and are almost around the corner when the waitress FOLLOWED US OUT and said we didn't give her a tip and if "we were going to do that".  She even had the nerve to ask us "well do you guys have any cash?" After 3-4 minute argument, my roommate was so fed up and sick of her following us she just grabbed a bill (which happened to be a $20) and hands it to her.  The waitress then takes it and didn't ask if she wanted change or anything.  (our bill wasn't even $50 so why would we give her such a big tip, especially since we just told her it was terrible service) She just said "thanks girl you must work in customer service" and walked offI told this story at work and had people come up to me when they overheard my story and that they have never heard of anyone following someone out because they didn't like the tip they were given
5	Ambiance, Ambiance, Ambiance. Great vibe! The food was really well done. Meat and cheese tray was delicious. Bob's Bad Breath Burger was as good a burger as I have had in Madison. Great craft beer selections and mixed drinks. Service was decent but not great.  Worth the trip.  The worst?  Parking!!!!! :(
5	The Hungarian Goulash is one of the most comforting and delicious bowls of food in the city.The most recent time that I went here,my boyfriend ordered a bistro steak special that they had on the board, and it was outstanding. It came with the most amazing mashed potatoes and beet greens.The service is always great, the drinks are always strong. There is nothing negative that I can say about this place.On a weird random note, I have always been impressed at how all of their books and nick-nacks used to decorate the dining room and bar are never dusty. This may seem trivial, but it just shows me how much pride they take in their restaurant to keep it perfectly clean.
5	I've always had good service at the Weary Traveler. The waitstaff are generally friendly and knowledgeable, and they seem to take a decent amount of pride in doing a good job. I've been there by myself or with fairly large groups, and in all cases I enjoyed myself.There are a couple items on the menu that make this a must-visit for anyone who can spend a day or two in Madison. The Bob's Bad Breath Burger is a real treat (and worth the hour in the pool I have to spend to work some of it off), and the Walleye Sandwich is without a doubt the best fish sandwich on this planet. It is one of the few walleye sandwiches around that is not breaded. It is broiled to perfection and topped with a tartar sauce-like aioli that complements the flavor of the fish perfectly. It's always nice to have a healthy option that blows everything else on the menu out of the water.
5	The Reuben sandwich at the Weary is so unique, if I go too long without one, I crave it. Comes with an incredible potato salad too. I know most people rave about Bob's Bad Breath burger here, but the Reuben is what you should try!Service can be slow/inattentive, but this is Willy street, what do you expect? It's part of the hippie experience
4	Ambiance is cozy, romantic, a little eclectic. Definitely different than most places. It feels like you're eating at your neighbor's lodge in the mountains who is a bit of a hoarder but in a good way. It's fun to look at all the hanging artwork or if you have the time grab a board game from their game library nook. Been here twice so far. Once for brunch once for dinner. Both times enjoyed my meal greatly!Bob's bad breath burger is a little messy to eat but totally worth it. One of the top 5 burgers I've had in Madison I would say. For brunch I got the Andes sandwich with the tuna steak. Came with avocado, chipotle mayo and some other veggies. I say what makes a great sandwich is the sauce. Whatever they put in this sandwich is addictive. I was hoping to save half but ended up eating the whole thing. Both the burger and the Andes sandwich were packed some pretty intense flavor. There was not a single dull bland bite. They don't really do appetizers here. It's mostly entrees and sides. But the entree sizes are more than enough to keep you satisfied.
5	Great Place!
4	Great drink selection. Good place to eat if you're vegetarian/vegan, because they have plenty of options for you. The service was a little slow while we were there, but it was a busy night. I'll definitely be back.
5	Great decor, great service, Great homemade food using local ingredients!
4	I really like it here! This was where I had my first date with the man of my dreams! :) My only complaints would be that I wish the menu were a little bit more varied and that it were easier to get a seat! There is sometimes quite the wait on the weekends! All the food I've tried has been good and I would definitely recommend it!
4	Bob's Bad Breath Burger is so amazing! The flavor combination dances on your palate. If I go too long without having this burger, I start to crave it to the point where I will drive up to Madison from Milwaukee just to get it. Wish they were open on Mondays as that's usually my day off, but oh well. The only reason I'm not giving five stars is that I wish they had real French fries or other side options instead of the fried potatoes that accompany the burger. The accompanying side salad is also often underdressed. But oh that burger!
4	Local neighborhood tavern with good bar food... Part of a chain owned  with a successful formula ...  fun place to go and eat a burger-- but NOT a great place to go sit and enjoy a nice meal and conversation.    hipsters hangouts in lots of costumes .
4	It's very rare that I order a burger, but since trying the Bob's Bad Breath Burger it's what I choose almost every time I stop by. It's a mess of a meal, but the lighting at the Weary is so dim and the seating so randomly positioned that no one will notice the melted cream cheese dripping down your chin. In addition to the genius of cream cheese on a burger, the side of garlicky pan-fried potatoes and lightly-dressed greens are something I tend to immediately wolf down. On my last visit the greens had a surprisingly spicy kick, an addition that I hope sticks. The one place where the Weary has sometimes lacked is the service - the waitstaff is invariably polite, but in recent trips I've been given the wrong leftovers (I'm still mourning the loss of an amazingly tasty loaded grilled cheese that I ordered with the express purposes of saving half for dinner) and been urged to order my burger rarer than requested because "[well-done] takes too long to cook." While these situations aren't ideal, the good far outweighs the missteps and I've kept going back.
5	Weary traveler feels like home. I most recently stopped in for dinner to kick off my birthday celebration with a small group of friends and it was exactly the right way to kick off a laid-back evening. Although they don't split checks, they are very accommodating to groups. It can be crowded and a little loud at times but the weary always feels like an extension of my own living room, all the way down to the stash of board games in the back corner - a favorite wintertime hangout for me. The menu is short but sweet - I struggle not to order the west of the Andes sandwich every time because it just hits the spot. And, one of my favorite perks, plenty of bike parking and a place to hang your helmet and jacket!
4	This place is pretty cool. As nerdy as this will sound it did make me feel like I was dining in some old inn before my voyage to find a ring and/or horcrux. The lighting is very dim which I liked. I ordered the salad with black beans, corn, avocado, and steak. Food was seasoned well and tasted amazing. I tried the kombucha and vodka drink which was also amazing. I also had some Thai soup. It wasn't bad but it felt a bit thin. Maybe rice on the side would've helped it feel more like a meal? Still would recommend this place.
4	It took three trips here for me to truly love the food but then I really hit the jackpot! The tom kha soup is delicious and the west of the Andes sandwich is perfect!! Fun beer selection and quirky atmosphere. I've had mixed experiences with the service.Wouldn't recommend the breakfast frittata or the chili. So basically: if you order the right thing you can be in for an awesome casual dinner.
5	I love this place! Fantastic food and great service and amazing atmosphere.
4	Fantastic spot to get a great meal and a delicious brew. Their Rueben was great, but what really did it for me was the bacon potato salad. Definitely a place to check out if you're from out-of-town.
4	Two words: Tuna Steak.  I'll drive across town for that.  Energetic atmosphere, usually busy and loud, but a nice crowd and good food.
5	Love this place. For starters, its a totally kooky place, they have all kinds of weird decorations, pictures of famous people, musical instruments, giant plastic chess men. The beer list changes frequently, and its always great. The menu isn't huge but everything on it is top notch. We love getting the mediterranean platter, and I love the bad breath burger. Another one of the top burgers in the city. There is just something special about putting cream cheese on a burger. Sooo good, and all the ingredients are super fresh. Also has a great brunch on Saturday and Sunday, highly recommend the steak and eggs, and the bloody mary ain't bad either. This place is so Madison, in all of the best ways.
5	I came up with my partner one weekend for a job interview, and our airbnb host had strong recommendations for this place. Lucky for me, I got the job and have now relocated to Madison, where I can get at the Traveler 7 days a week!When I ordered the Bob's Bad Breath Burger, I was impressed to say the least. Enamored is probably more accurate. But then I thought, "Well, that's probably just WI, right? Home of the utmost bovine quality, so this is probably the common standard of burger here."Not so, my friends! The Weary Traveler remains the best burger I've had in Wisconsin, and/or my entire existence. The cream cheese sauce was clearly homemade and phenomenal. Furthermore, I realized that I may never have had burger outside of this place that was actually cooked medium rare. They have some cooks back there who know their stuff. The ambiance is warm, cozy, and intimate. Service was decent and forgettable (but hey, the company I brought was sufficiently entertaining). However, the overwhelming charm of the entire affair, combined with a fantastic brew list (New Glarus Two Women, yes please), a home-y menu, and skilfully-prepared dishes makes this my #1 favorite Madison eatery.
4	Love the look of this place, you walk in and it's like you time traveled back to the early 1900's.  Dimly lit, with candles in mason jars at every table, gorgeous chandeliers hanging from the ceiling along the bar, a shade of maroon painted on the tin ceiling, and books upon books everywhere. Our wait was about an hour, but we got there right at the dinner rush. It's a bit crowded as the place was beyond busy and nowhere to really stand while waiting for your table. But the awesome service and outstanding food makes up for it.Our waiter was absolutely the sweetest guy ever. He made our dining experience wonderful. Our table was a bit wobbly but not terrible to where we would have to mention it to him, but he noticed it and instantly fixed it by placing something under it. I ended up getting the Weary Traveler Ruben, which was fantastic. It came with Potato salad and Kale salad. The sandwich was so big I couldn't even eat one half as much as I wanted to.What made the whole experience was.our server, and the host. I believe that the host was actually the owner. He was so sweet, and really liked our group as he talked to us for about 10 minutes when we first put our name in. Then, when he sat us down to our table, he talked to us even more, explained a new menu item that he made up in honor of his father, and that we were sitting next to his skis that decorated the wall!  Awesome place, can't wait to check it out again!
5	Unique, quirky atmosphere. Laid-back vibes. Good place to relax.Yes, the Bad-Breath-Burger is amazing. As is the West of the Andes sandwich (with tuna thanks very much). If you like seared tuna as much as I do, this is a good option.Ginger beer is highly-recommended. How many places can you even order that? The service was quick and sincere.If I lived in the neighborhood, this would be one of my go-to places.
5	Been there numerous times for the past 10 years. The food and service are consistently good. You get waited on right away and food comes fairly fast, they also serve food late which can be handy if you find yourself hungry at midnight. The ingredients are very fresh and high quality, the cooks know what they're doing. The West of the Andes sandwich never disappoints. The Chicken Dijonnaise with mashed potatoes and green beans and a Dijon Cream sauce is yummy! They also have vegetarian and vegan choices like the grilled vegetables platter (Very good!), Vegan Chili and Baked Stuffed Squash. Waitstaff is friendly and efficient.
5	Fantastic food! The bobs bad breath burger is a must! Service was friendly,fast, and overall just a wonderful experience. Also, they have a good amount of beers on tap. The prices are a little above average but it is definitely worth it!
3	I ordered Bob's Bad Breath Burger with a Wisconsin Meat and Cheese Platter with a Grilled Cheese Sandwich for the little one.The food here was ok. It didn't leave overly impressed as the burger was bland and the side of potatoes were a bit on the heavy side (greasy). But, this is a little more unique of a spot with decent prices. The decor is very rustic, perhaps what you might stop for the night as a weary traveler back in the day... hence the name of the restaurant.So if your in the area you could give it a visit and leave feeling like it was worth you time, even if you didn't looove the food.
4	I like this spot. Bob's Bad Breath Burger is delicious, the West of the Andes sandwich is fantastic, and I hear rave reviews of the Goulash and chicken dishes. Lots of beer choices (although not  much of a distinguishing factor), and pretty good mixed drinks. Staff is very friendly. I overall dig the sort of pancultural vibe that it gives off. I'm honestly not sure the Weary Traveler has a defined identity, unless that identity is the sort of generic East Side Madisonite (without endorsing or judging). I never quite understand the ambiance there, but I certainly don't mind it.
4	The weary.I've visited so many times and neglected to review - and now I feel terrible.The menu is diverse and INTERESTING - nowhere else do I know that makes a goulash that holds up to some of the more "expensive" meals that the city has to offer.I could go on and on, but really, I usually just stop at the bad breath burger, one I've even tried to recreate at home and eventually had to just give up and go to the weary to get one because I missed it so much.The beer is amazing, and I've even had several conversations with one of the waiters about the cognacs on the menu and why they have those vs. others. The wait staff is incredibly friendly and always in a good mood.  I really don't know how they do it - it must be a great place to work.While not the same level as a true michelin restaraunt, I feel as if the weary is almost a forgotten treasure in it's own right.Everyone, to call themselves a Willy street resident needs to know the Weary.  I'd say all of Madison should know the weary.  You can't really go wrong there.  Try something new!  It will surprise you.  It always surprises me.
3	Been here twice, and would probably come back if I were in the area and needed something reliable. I had the West of the Andes sandwich (with tuna) once, which was really good. Can't go wrong with avocado, tuna and chipotle mayo. The other time, I had the chili, but don't remember what it was like. I also had a really unique hot tea, but don't remember what it was called.... apologies for my poor memory. This place has a pretty hipster vibe, and is really laid back. We hung out there for a few hours without the waiter bothering us, which was nice. It's the kind of place where you could kick it with friends for a few hours and not spend a ton of money. It was pretty easy to find parking on Willy Street, and I didn't have to wait either time I came here.
4	The Weary Traveler is a nice place to take visitors from out of town, especially those that have a choosy tongue. The menu isn't too broad, and I'd say pretty standardized, but with a twist that sets it apart from the more mundane and generic restaurants.A staple, which I think everyone must try at least once, is the Bad Breath burger. I can't add much that hasn't already been said before, but it is honestly a high contender as one of the best burgers in Madison in my opinion. Organic meat can't be beat.Although perpetually slammed with nearly everyone on planet Earth, when you are seated this cramped atmosphere is no longer present. I've generally always had sweet and diligent service, but I am lax when it comes to this. Feed me, check up on me once or twice, and booze me up and you are a star in my book. And the Weary Traveler does just that.
5	Best place in town in my opinion. Great prices and fun atmosphere to boot. I take everyone here who visits from out of town. I strongly recommend my regular meal: Carne Asada with extra guacamole (costs a lil' extra), accompanied by a few pints of Guinness.
4	Mostly great food. Love the small menu as big ones make me crazy and I can't ever decide quickly.
4	I live in the neighborhood and go to weary traveler probably once every 2 weeks. I love the decor and the chicken diijonaise and the bad breath burger. Good wine and beer as well. This is probably the best value meal in Madison for good quality food. My one complaint is that we've waited a ridiculous amount of time for food before with no explanation at all. I can wait 45 minutes if I've been warned and the food comes out hot but it's hard to grin and bear it after 40 minutes or more and the food comes out cold. I think WT might have an issue with staff scheduling. The good food and atmosphere will keep me coming back for now though.
5	Few places can combine the right food, drinks and atmosphere to create the perfect restaurant bar. The Weary has managed. The menu has just enough class, the cocktail specials are always interesting, and who doesn't want to play a board game over grog and a bowl of hearty chowder? I'd recommend a dish but they're all perfect. The Bad Breath Burger is a revelation.
4	I am a simple woman with simple tastes, so I got a simple cheeseburger with garlic potatoes on the side for dinner two nights ago.  This morning I woke up still thinking about that burger and the experience we had together.  I find myself drifting off to a dreamland where that burger is only half eaten so that we may experience a bit more time together... alas, I ate it and there is no going back.  Except that I WILL be going back to get another and another and another!  How can a simple cheeseburger be so amazing?!?!  Although I had to wait for a half hour for my lovely burger, it was well worth it, and I would happily wait again!  Also, one should note that the wait to sit down and eat in the restaurant was a half hour or more, then the food took just as long, so eat a snack before you go if you are heading there on a Saturday night.  Or grab a beer while you are there to pass the time, because they have plenty of that to sell ya.
2	I like many others have heard good things about this place.  It must be good of so many people like it that there is a 30 minute wait for a table of 4? We had to sit on a bench in a dark hallway toward the restrooms waiting.  Saw several customers attempt to get the bartenders attention only to give up.
3	I had the Bob's Bad Breath Burger and I was pretty disappointed. There are a lot of other burger places that trump this one, so maybe it had to do with my high expectations.
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet!   I am sure I am not going to say anything that hasn't been said yet but this place is great!  The decor is very relaxing.  The bar area is a bit small but that doesn't bother me because I only come here for their delicious delicious food!  The menu is small but everything that I have had here has been great!  A few things that stick out are the hummus plate and the ruben sandwich.  The man has had their bad breath burger and loves that too!  The service is always great and the prices aren't bad.  I actually wish I lived closer so I can try more things on their menu!
4	Great spot.  Funky interior.  Locals flock here.   Occasionally a hit and a miss with food/variety, but it's so darn cozy that all is (almost) forgiven.
5	This place has it all for me. The atmosphere is relaxing and welcoming, the food is delicious and locally sourced, their kitchen stays open late, and it is within walking distance from my house. I recommend the West of the Andes sandwich. The servers are friendly and the bartenders have been nothing but polite and happy to chat about the beer on tap or their favorite cocktails.It can get packed on the weekends during dinner so plan on getting there early if you are with a large group. Parking can be challenging on the weekends too.
5	I like it, I love it, I want some more of it.I don't know what that was, but I guess I am just excited about Weary Traveler.  Great food, trusty drinks, and a wonderful staff.  The carne asada is so, so, so good.  I am drooling just thinking about it.  Besides the food, they have a decent beer list, interesting mixed drinks, and the bartenders are happy to make you any other drink that you fancy.  I love the interior of this bar/restaurant is so cool.  Every wall is covered with odd things to look at.  If that doesn't keep your interest, you can play one of the many board games that they offer.  This place is comfortable and the staff is so welcoming that I often frequent the Weary by myself for a solo dinner and a glass of wine.  I hear that the Bad Breath Burger is out of this world, but I have always been on a date when I thought about trying it.
5	Oh my God.  The Ruben.  Oh my god.  Lots of interesting menu options that do NOT just roll off the back of the Sysco truck - there's some real creativity served here.  Great atmosphere too.
5	The Weary is my home away from home. They serve sandwiches, burgers, veggie food, thai soups... who makes this menu and how do they make such wonderful food? Also the cocktails are super and I love to sample different cocktails every time I come here. They let you sit pretty much anywhere, the wait staff is so, so nice and friendly, and it's just the right amount of social and individual. You can come here with a big group of friends, and you can feel equally welcome to come here to read a book with a cocktail or beer. I only bring people I like here! :))))))
5	Loved it! Food was awesome, atmosphere was cool. Will definitely be returning!
1	That's it, I have eaten at the Weary Traveler at least one time too many, and I am never coming (or getting dragged) back.  I really, truly, do not understand what is supposed to be so great about this place.  It is crowded, loud, dark, dusty, and in my opinion, the last place I'd want to go with anyone, if only because I can't see or hear them.The menu is pretty limited, and I think I always end up with the carne asada just because nothing else sounds remotely appealing.  The last time I had that dish, it was shockingly spicy -- others at the table had ordered it as well, and claimed that theirs was not, so I'm not sure if something got spilled on my plate or what, but it was pretty rough going to actually eat any of it.  In fact, my vague recollections of other meals here include everything being way over-spiced...  I picked at the small amount of meat, ignored the giant pile of tortilla chips, and wondered how it was, with all the restaurants in Madison, that I'd ended up there.  Despite my full-ish plate when she cleared, the server didn't inquire if I needed a box or if anything was wrong.The last straw for me was some, uh, digestive difficulties we'll call it, post-meal and the following day.  I can't say for sure it was the carne asada, but I don't know what else it might have been.  So I don't care how "cool" people think this place is -- I'd give it pass.
3	I could spend a lot of time in this place just looking at all the cool stuff on the walls. Way way way too noisy and you are kind of crowded with people and conversations very close. Food was decent and priced OK.
4	This is a really cool restaurant. Good beer selection, board games for the kids (or yourself) to play, warm, rustic environment and THE BEST BURGER IN THE CITY.Their "Bob's Bad Breath Burger" is without a doubt my favorite burger --ever.
3	Food was excellent, but I think our server was a little weary.  Took over an hour to get our meal.  Didn't bother to check on us, refill water glasses, or let us know about the delay.
4	If you are looking for a relatively inexpensive sitdown meal in the Union Square area this is the place. Think diner fare, but the ambiance is a bit more upscale. Good mix of all types of diners. No reservations required.
5	I was so excited to finally make the trek to Willy to try the Weary Traveler. I've been itching to eat here for a while and Friday I was finally able to do so. We got there around 7 and the place was packed. We put our name in with the host (a little hard to find him by the way) and waited for about a half hour for our table. One complaint is that there isn't much room to wait. Yes, you can sit at the bar but otherwise you're stuck behind the curtain by the door that people are walking in and out of. I realize this is probably something that is unavoidable since the space isn't that big to begin with. It's just the one thing I didn't enjoy too much.Once we were seated I decided to try the Wisconsin Cherry Seltzer. It was super refreshing and not too sweet. I really enjoyed it. One of my friends decided to order a cup of the Tom Ka Tofu soup which was AMAZING. I will return here just to order bowls and bowls of this soup! Not too sweet with just the right amount of heat. It was so yummy. For my meal I ordered the Med plate. I wasn't super hungry and hummus sounded good. It was plenty of food for me and came with a pretty large salad, some hummus and tabbouleh and homemade pita bread. The salad was yummy as was the hummus and tabbouleh. I wish they gave you more pita bread however - 5(ish) slices was just not enough to eat up all of the yummy things on that plate! My friend and I decided to order a slice of the Tres Leches cake to finish off our meal. I am so glad we did, it was delicious. The cake was sweet and not soggy at all, and the whipped cream was very clearly homemade. It was a wonderful way to end the meal. The price is right, the food is good, and the space is super cool. It took me too long to get here the first time and I can guarantee it won't take me as long to come back.
4	The bad breath burger is great.  If you ask them they will substitute blue cheese for the cream cheese and it is fantastic.  The ruben is very good as well.  Their menu doesn't change much however.  If there were more rotating selections i'd probably give them 5 stars.
