3	Right now the Mustang Library is under some serious renovations and will be closed Dec 8-11, 2008. Mustang really needs it, but the library is a good resource and who doesn't love free stuff? With a library card you are entitled to checking out not only books but DVDs and CDs, and the library has free WiFi and loads of free programs and classes. I know there is a Barnes & Noble just down the street, but don't forget about the library, it's really one of the best community resources a town offers.
4	I like Mustang. I don't dislike Mustang, but it's nothing special. It's smallish but convenient on 90th St. by the hospital. It's a great place for study and offers a nice environment. I always go here when I don't want to get stuck on Scottsdale Rd. traffic to get to Civic Center. But like Erin said, don't blow off the library for the Barnes & Noble. Sure, Barnes & Noble has coffee, but your local library is supported by YOUR tax dollars, take advantage of all it has to offer!
4	I had to look something up on the Internet so I went to the Mustang Library in Scottsdale AZ. Being from out of town, I thought that I would have to join-up to use their computers. The very nice lady that helped me found out what my needs were and accomodated them without having to sign-up to be a member. She was extremely professional, very helpful and when I move here I surely will become a member just because of the way I was treated.Mike H.
4	The location is very convenient for me as it is 4 blocks from work.On Mondays they have a kids sing and dance activity at 10 AM, which is a lot of fun.They have a good selection of books, music CDs, and DVDs.They also have drive-thru drop-off and pick-up.
4	This place is beautiful. It seemed to have everything...plus it's open every day. We Californians are SO not used to that! Plus there was a poster when we walked in about Open Mic Music and Poetry Reading....so they're having cool events there too!
4	While not as large as some of it's counterparts, i was very happy with their speedy service. I had just finished a novel before my trip to Arizona and was anxiously awaiting reading the sequel but didn't have time to pick up a copy before my trip and didn't find any at the airport bookstore. I called my Mom and asked her if she could see if Mustang Library had a copy to borrow. She put in a request for it and the day after I arrived, it was waiting at the library for me to pick up. I couldn't have asked for more!
5	This branch is right down the street from where I work.  It comes in handy when my computer at home is acting up.  I have been coming here about every 2 days or so for the past couple weeks.  They have a good amount of computers.  Some are Express, which means their only for 15 minutes and others allow you to stay on for an hour.  There's hardly ever a wait to use a computer.  If you need to print something, it's 25 cents per page, which isn't that bad.  Faxing is free.  There's also several areas where you can sit down and get some work done.  I haven't looked at their book/cd/dvd collections yet, but from what I can tell, there is a wide variety.
5	Out of all of the Scottsdale Public Libraries, this library is my favorite. It is not as busy as some of the others and the staff is super friendly!
5	This library is closest to where I live and always my first choice of spot to hit up for a book/cd/dvd or a study sesh. It tends to not get overly crowded and they have a nice "quiet room" in the back where it is clearly noted to not be  distracting. Scottsdale does a great job with their libraries and Mustang is just one shining example!
3	This is a smaller branch than the main library, but it's close to my home. The selection isn't a good as the one downtown but it's due to it's smaller size. The librarians are helpful and it's a relatively quiet place. I do wish they would crack down on cell phone users. Every time I go - which is weekly - there are cell phones ringing, people talking on them and no one does anything about it. What ever happened to the librarian that tells you to "shhhhh" when you're being noisy?  Apart from that and a few homeless people that take over the internet computer section, it's pretty decent.
3	A very quiet library.  It lacks media services of a Glendale Public Library (more extensive children's section, Blu-rays, video games, etc).  It is a good place to play my Vita, though.
4	This is a wonderful place to study, and WiFi internet access is good and fast. It is also open on Sundays, which is a huge plus. The librarians here have always been extremely helpful and friendly.I do love it here, and enjoy the culture passes, the online resources, and music / DVDs. It is an amazing place and it is free to all. The views from the windows of the desert and occasional rabbits and birds are a relaxing complement to your reading / studying. I'm very thankful to have these great resources close to my home.There are many free events and classes, as well as auditoriums and meeting rooms that can be rented for a nominal fee. Our HOA has had meetings booked at the library and we've always had a good experience.There is one puzzling thing that happens here around closing time: the staff will switch the lights on and off rapidly while making the announcement that the library is about to close. This is done with hundreds of fluorescent lights, significantly shortening their life and consuming energy. I wish they would stop doing this :-)
5	This is a great library. I can always trust it to have a good selection of books, CDs and movies. There is plenty of computers but not as many independent study areas. Another issue with independent study is the best areas for studying are next to the children's area. Often times there is crazy children around to distract you. They are kids so no hard feelings except to the ones who ignore the need to teach them library behavior. Also many times tutors have loud voices so if you get a table next to them you'll hear the whole lesson.
1	The staff at this location are idiotic.  Be prepared to be kicked off your computer when theres a wait even when others around you have been on theirs longer.  According to the manager, it doesnt pick the longest user, just a random computer.... um really???  Was told by one idiotic staff to check with her if I need more time and nobody is waiting...  when I asked why I would check with her when the computer automatically extends, she just shrugged.  Library run by morons...
5	This library is great! So convenient! Check out Kiosks with no line, and an outside drop box. We have been coming here for 13 years, and stop by weekly.
5	Libraries have sure changed since I was in school. Every time I come into Mustang I learn something new and all the wonderful staff at the library has been so helpful, patient, and friendly. Every staff member has taken time out to show me how the library system works. No matter what it is. I feel that their customer service is great. They're never annoyed with my questions, and trust me, I have a lot.They have a great selection of DVDs, CDs, books, and even items for sale! The Scottsdale library website is very user friendly and easy to use. They even have a drop off drive thru and a pick up window. This is great for so many reasons! The drop off inside is easy too.The kids section in here is fantastic and very welcoming for the little readers. They have tons of monthly activities for kids. The summer reading program is great too.Super clean library as well. I've had to once clean a book, but that was the previous persons fault, not the libraries. People take care of items so the next one can enjoy it :) Thanks Mustang for being an awesome place! 5 stars all the way!
