2	WHAT A DUMP.....THINK 1987...NIGHTMARE PAINT SCHEME. IMPERSONAL AND UN FRIENDLY OWNER.....MADE ME WANT TO RUN OUT OF THERE.... AND LOCK MY CAR DOORS BECAUSE OF THE SCARY PEOPLE THAT FREQUENT THE NEIGHBORING BUSINESSES
2	Amazing nails by loni! Unfortunately a horrible business woman. Appts for me & a friend cancelled once due to "sickness" but found out she was traveling. Then i had to track her down to reschedule both appts. She then texted me on day of to tell me she was dbl booked & could only take one! By that time, my nails had gone over a month w/o a fill!
5	Beautiful new salon.  Loni has done my nails for the past 2 years and I couldn't be more pleased with her creativity and professionalism.  She is on time and is always interested in what I (her client ) wants.  Susie does my waxing and hair.  I'm very pleased with her work also.  I recommend this salon to all my friends!
5	Love going to Dalonnie's.  I have been a client since 2000. When Loni opened her own Salon was very proud and happy for her and of her customers.  Convenient location for my after work appointments.   If for some reason I have to cancel last minute Loni always understanding and slips me in for the next available spot.  I also LOVE Susie (hair and eye brows) after she gave me my first cut - I cut my old hairstylist!
5	Loni is by far the best nail teq I have ever seen. Her art is just amazing. She is super sweet n friendly and I always the get best compliments on my nails. I won't go to anyone but her......thank you Loni as always you are the best.
5	Great people, great service, great place! Debbie did my nails, first time I"ve had a gel manicure and they turned out beautiful! Debbie is very personable, she made me feel very comfortable. I would recommend this place and Debbie specifically to anyone that wants a great gel manicure!!
5	If you want mediocrity DaLonnie's is not the place for you. However....you do want excellence and world-class nails annnnnnnnnd prompt appointment service then Loni is the nail guru for you. Located in a retail center off of Sunset, DaLonnie's Hair an Nail Studio is a one-stop destination for all of your beauty needs. I love this place!
