5	Today my family attended the performance of Aladdin Jr put on by the wonderfully talented children at Spotlight Youth Theater. It  is not a place you would notice from the street. Its located within a tiny strip mall, not containing much else. The theater itself is not large at all, but the spirit of the kids that perform there made it feel much larger.My daughter, 4, thoroughly enjoyed the performance and LOVED that it was put on by children. The kids performing were very talented and I was very impressed with costumes and the set design for such a small production. The show we saw today was fun and colorful. My entire family (including my mom and her husband, all my siblings, my step-sister and her daughters) all had such a fantastic time. We definitely would love to go back.For not knowing what we were going to, this modest theater really impressed us. I highly recommend catching a show there...it is even worth the drive from the East valley.Go do it Phoenix! You won't be sorry.
5	My daughter is showing a lot of interest in theater and I'm on the search for a close children's theater to have the right introduction.  I can tell from the volenteers that they have passion for this little theater.  The kid actors were surprisingly very good for their age (much better than the school productions) and everyone was enjoying themselves.  I'm ready to sign my daughter up for the workshops.
5	The Spotlight Youth Theatre is a great place to enjoy a night out with the family. This is a youth program that educate and empower youth through the performing arts. Very small and secluded place, most people don't even knows that it's here. They do about 6 musicals every season, the kids are very talented. My wife comes here and donates her time during each showing. Well last week I had no choice, and had to see Rug Rats. I am not a big fan of youth shows! Yes they are for a great cause,  But after going through 4 years of my kids high schools plays/musicals. I had enough of it! However, I wished we knew about this place. This would have been a great added experience for our kids. After watching Rug Rats, the crew is very good. And I had a better time then I thought I was going to have. It's very little inside, but plenty of seating. This place  needs everyones support and it would be nice to see more people there.
