4	So, this new one just opened up today! Woohoo! I been wating for it. So, as any dedicated yelper should, i headed there at lunch to check it out. Here is what i found out.Its not huge. Its well but not over flowingly stocked. They use mostly own brand (Say 80% own, 20% other brands.) There are some things i have not seen in other stores. Lemme elaborate a bit. This is really a niche store. It will not please people who love to go to supermarket and brow isles and pick up useless junk. This store is small. Imagine maybe three 7/11 stores together and you will get its size. They have most of the thing normal person would need, but probably do not have odd stuff large supermarkets have. Like, they would have 5-6 kinds of their own pasta sauce, 2 kinds of other brands and 2 kinds other brand. That is it. There would be no 32 varieties by 12 different brands. Because they mainly sell their own brand its possible to find some unusual items. I picked up a jar of Cuban Bean Dip. Never seen it before and have no idea what it would be, but what the hell!!! They also had some Equadorian beer i have not come across before. Not their own brand but cool.Cool thing i liked - No Member card nor sale (At the moment anyhow). Price you see is price you get, no gimmicks, no games.It was really crazy there today as its 1st day. But i suppose crowds will die down and it will be pretty pleasant place to shop once you learn their inventory. "I like"Eugene
5	This is a brand new grocery store at Ray Road and Kyrene.  They have many valley locations, but this one is closest to my house, and I love it!!  Its small and intimate, with a great selection of fruits, vegetables, meat, chicken, fish, and prepared dinners.  The prices are rock bottom, and I really had a great time here.  It's very clean, stocks name brand groceries as well as store brand stuff as well.  Store is clean, well maintained, with a parking lot and is extremely low in what they charge for food. If you like Trader Joe's, you will love it here.
1	Good selection; good prices...........CREEPY! This place has no EMPLOYEES! Plus, everything was wrapped in cellophane - it might be easy- but it's not fresh! Plus,  they pay the few workers they have NOTHING, and then expect them to do twice the job.  I won't go back.   Safeway has a growing Organics section & their Organics just won a national industry award! Whoo hoo!
5	My friends are gonna kill me, but I secretly love their sushi. For a quick "fresh and easy" meal, I don't think you can go wrong. Plus, the collapsing chopsticks are cool. Also the poke tuna is a good choice, i just don't eat the onions.My favorite dish here is not available anymore sadly; they used to make an excellent wild mushroom risotto that I want again badly.The store branded breads are good, and I've also tried the gelato & ice creams with no letdowns so far.It's not your everyday grocer by any means, but a nice place for someone to pick up the fresh ingredients that you need to add to the staples you buy at the grocery store by your home. I actually think it's funny when someone walks up front with a full shopping cart only to discover that they will be ringing themselves up. I always use the self check at the grocery store anyway, so it's amusing to me when people are too lazy to ring up their own food.
5	Fresh & Easy is a great concept.  They are not by any means perfect, but they are head and shoulders above any of the big chain grocery stores around.  Of course I would still love a great farmer's market in the area, but that is not going to happen around here - we are in a desert after all.  Biggest complaint about F&E is the limited selection - but as that goes hand in hand with one of the positives (smaller size) I just try to tailor my menus so that I don't have to visit another store.  Not always possible, but I can usually pull it off.   I still visit TJ's - but only about once a month now vs. weekly.  And I still have to hit a big store for a few staples, primarily bread.  F&E's specialty breads are good (Rosemary Loaf, mmm)  but their plain old sandwich breads aren't.  My kids simply won't eat any of them which is very frustrating.Staff is always helpful and attentive at this location.  I've visited a few others and that seems to be true for most of them.  This particular location does seem to be smaller than a few of the others but I haven't noticed an obvious decrease in selection as compared with the others.Prices are low, even without the coupons that they periodically email out if you sign up for their newsletter.I highly recommended trying them, much better experience than shopping at a big chain retailer.
4	I love to grocery shop at Fresh & Easy and actually find myself looking for an excuse to stop by.  You cannot beat the 50% off food which generally has the best selection after 4:00pm.  I'm really watching my food budget and have been able to feed myself and another adult for around $300 per month and we eat like kings!  I have never really liked Trader Joes since they don't carry "regular" brands like Pepsi, Lays, etc. which is why I love F&E.  Some of the freshly prepared entrees are just OK, but I've never had any issue with the meat, fish produce, bread etc.  In fact, I would have to say that I've loved nearly everything I've tried.  Tonight I cooked a frozen entree of Jalapeno Chicken with rice, green beans and squash and it was excellent and at $2.50 for two good sized portions I could not have made it for the same price.   I also recommend the fresh salmon, sushi rolls, veggie chips and hummus.
4	Love it! This is by far my favorite general grocery chain. Their prepared entrees have become a staple in our house. I love having 85% of everything I need in a small and very convenient format. I just wish they would open all of the other locations they planned.
4	The Yummy:Good prices, friendly staff, fresh selection, bright & spacious atmosphere, parking spots reserved for hybrids (eco-friendly store)The Yucky:Be careful when shopping for the near-expired food. Even though they're 50% off, some things are better left uneaten.
4	As I like to call it, its F-ing Easy.I had a BBQ the other day and bought up some of the 50% off items since I knew i would be cooking them the same day.  4 burgers, 4 drumsticks, and 4 hot dogs, all for a couple bucks.  It fed 6 people.  By far the cheapest f-ing easy bbq ever.Another thing that is great is that quick automated checkouts.  Also check your mail for coupons!
5	This place is amazing, Although don't be mislead. Not everything in this store is organic or healthy. But the majority of the items are considered healthy.As noted by other reviewers, Not many employees working but if you know your way around the store (You should get the hang out of it, in 2 visits or less) All the food items you need are literally fresh and easy to find.The food items are very fresh and very easy to find, Very high quality, very fresh and crisp. The prices on the food may be a little bit pricier but it is worth it if you want quality food.Fresh N Easy, Also offer near expired food at 50%-75% off. My word of advice to you, If you are gonna buy it, Eat it right away or else it will go bad. Also check very carefully to see if the item has gone bad, sometimes they mistakenly sell bad expired items.But most of the time, the food you buy from the clearance rack is also very high quality and reasonable fresh. You can find these clearance items mostly at 830 at night everyday. First come, first serve.To top it all off:If you are making a big groceries shop there, make sure you get their coupon for $5 off. Hybrid cars get special parking spot, they support the environment. Fast Express lines and cashiers. Safe, quiet environment and always giving away free samples.
5	Here's the thing, if you:a) Live in a 5+ household you should probably shop at Costcob) Are poor and content with ramen and off-brand spaghettio's, shop at the 99c Storec) If you're some kind of tofu-raw-eggplant-Nazi then shop at your non-corporate health food store, or eat the food you grow in your ashramd) And if you live isolated in the forest/jungle and eat the raw meat from the animals you kill with your bare hands, keep doing thatFor everyone else, which is probably 75% of us, Fresh and Easy the best and obvious choice. As far as regular grocery shopping, they are light-years ahead of everyone: in store arrangement, brand philosophy, packaging, price and product selection (I'm talking in terms of what you actually need, if you really want 37 different options for vinegar I'll be glad you're shopping somewhere else and not taking up my F&E aisles).No, they are not perfect. A larger selection of unpackaged produce is something they need, and something they are intending to get very soon if you pay attention to their press statements. Fresh and Easy is a very new company. It happens to be backed by the 3rd largest retailer in the world (hence the Trader-Joe-shaming prices), but that company is very aware that they are in a new market. They are eager to learn how to better please their new American customers, and, as much as I love the store now, I imagine the F&E of one or two years from now will be even better.I highly recommend (noted fruit-fascists excepted) Fresh and Easy to everyone. Give it a try and you will, hopefully, be as pleased with them as I have come to be.
5	I am always amazed by this place. From the outside it looks like the size of a Walgreens or corner store. Its never crowded like supermarkets and has a pretty big selection for it's size. I went to Frys looking for ground white pepper and ended up going to AJ's, Whole foods and never finding it. I walked into F&E to pick up some organic veggies and checked to see if they had it.. Yup - and it was SO MUCH cheaper than the whole pepper corns I picked up a whole foods. Everything is fresh and comparable to other supermarkets (for organics) in their pricing. I buy mostly organic so it's nice to have F&E which has the selection I'm looking for. Their breads are fresh and the meats selections are AWESOME. They are a little pricier but for organic meat but I'm willing to pay the extra.  Nice atmosphere and very relaxed. The staff are always friendly and very helpful.  Oh and the coupons in paper make a big difference $5 and $10 off $25 or $50.
4	This is a nice store.  It is the smaller American test venture of the British grocery giant Tesco, who I believe is the UK equivalent of Kroger.I routinely stop by here after work to pick up a few things before I head home to make dinner and the store is always clean, well stocked and everything is reasonably priced.  The employees I have met have all been very friendly and helpful.Their house brand is quite high quality and I usually prefer them in both taste and pricing.  Also there are some harder to find items in their import section, which is nice if you occasionally indulge in dishes from overseas, particularly from the UK.  Where else in the Valley can you quickly find clotted cream, spotted dick (*giggle*) and Wheatabix cereal?  Of course the prices for the import items are slightly more than the regular domestic items, but that's to be expected.They also have a reduced price, fresh food section which I really like because it's usually chock full of ready to eat, but on the verge of expiring, items that are both tasty and affordable.  Also, they sometimes distribute samples of the bakery items from the in-store bakery in the back.  I've noticed their baked goods are quite delicious.  Additionally, they have an admirable selection of import cheeses, cured meats, wines, fresh made hummus, salsas, olives, etc..  I think the perfect Summer dinner is a tray of sliced meats, cheeses, a fresh baguette, some buttery spread, olives, heirloom tomatoes, grapes, roasted nuts and maybe some fig jam.  Delicious and easy thanks to Fresh & Easy.They send out a weekly mailer that always has a coupon of differing value on your overall purchase price, not just on an individual item.  I really like the $5 off of $25 coupons, but more often than not they send out the $3 off of $30 coupon, not a smoking deal, but if you are coming here anyway that week it pays to have the coupon with you and pocket the $3 savings, right??My only complaint is about their convoluted, hot ass mess of a shopper's reward card program.  From what I can tell, it's more worthless than tits on a boar hog.  For that alone I am subtracting a point.  It has some bizarre equation of points accumulated with certain purchases.  (But not all purchases...?  I'm actually not sure, it's THAT confusing)  Those points are somehow linked back to some coupons you've *maybe* earned somewhere, which I have never seen offered nor have I been able to generate *any* point-of-sale reduction in price either, and I shop here quite frequently...  It doesn't make any sense, I suspect it's simply a marketing ploy to track our spending habits with the constantly moving target of the tantalizing promise of potential savings, someday...  I MUCH prefer shoppers rewards cards that give you an instant discount (on a artificially inflated price, naturally) or even better, NO rewards cards at all, just plain, old low prices.  Now THAT'S a novel concept.  ;)  Anyway, aside from the stupid shoppers card, all in all, because of its manageable size and fresh selection, this is a good store for a quick trip in and out.  If I need a huge cart full of groceries, this isn't the best store since their overall selection is smaller than say a Fry's, but still for a few must-have dinner or lunch items this is a great option.  And yes, aside from some kinks when they first opened with regards to rotating stock they really are Fresh & Easy.
4	I always really like Fresh and Easy. Ever since my girlfriend had me start going here. It is very clean and very convenient to my lifestyle.  Since there is just 2 of us, we do not like to buy a lot at once. Plus we are always going out to eat as well.If I buy too much food I have to throw it away. They truly have the best Italian bread any where. I feel like a connoisseur of Italain Bread because, I am always trying it somewhere else. I always go back to Fresh and easy as it is the best.They son;t give you $$ off for your bags(if you bring your own). As well as you can only use their coupons. But, if you get it on line, they have some good ones.The fruit and Veg. are good prices. I also found some New Orleans Chickory coffee there a few weeks ago. Not something you can find everywhere and is was cheap.
5	First off please don't close :(... Could be just rumored but still...This place reminds me of when I was a kid and could just "run in" to the store for a few things. Great place!
5	Fresh & Easy Neighborhood Market fills the niche of I don't want to spend my entire life shopping for food in a grocery store.  It is a very handy niche to fill.  The store is small, yet has just about everything you need.  There are even pre-made lunches and dinners for a lot cheaper than a restaurant offers.  There's even a section of marked down food that is close to expiring.  Although this section always seems to have some traffic, the rest of the store is rarely busy.  Checkout is self checkout.  Assistance is provided if necessary.   Occasionally, my daughter's school has a fund raiser at Fresh & Easy.  The prices are good.  The name says it all.  What isn't there to love?
4	For those that work long hours and just don't feel like making anything for dinner, or those that want the convenience of having pre-made meals or easy to make meals with a healthier focus, Fresh and Easy is your place.  This is also the place for any British ex-pats, since it's owned by Tesco, and they carry a few British foods in their aisles (Thus, my first attempt at trying treacle!).  Almost everything is neatly prepared, neatly packaged in a convenient wrapping, and generally easy to heat up for your meal.  Raw foods such as garlic, tomatoes, and onions will be packaged in bags or in plastic containers, and the quality of the food is good.  The bakery section is pretty nice.  I've had such baked goods as breads, bagels, and cookies, and I appreciate that the store tries to focus on foods that are made without corn syrup.I also like the coupons that often are in the mail.  I'm a card member, so I also get coupons for certain goods, and general coupons (Such as $4 off every $20 you spend) through e-mail.  Overall, Fresh and Easy very easily lives up to its name!
3	AWFUL EMPLOYEES - DECENT STOREFresh and Easy as a whole is a pretty decent company, they sell quality food for a good price, and I frequent the chain for it's prices and healthier products.My only problem with fresh and easy is their staff, especially at this location. I don't know what it is, but the employees at this location are unbelievably rude and impersonal. These people do not have good manners or customer service skills. I understand through experience that working in a retail job is not the most fun thing in the world, but seriously, when you work with the public you better learn how to wear a smile or at least pretend to smile a little bit, humor people you know? I was there the other day and one of the checkout machines was going haywire, this thing was freezing and shutting down every 5 seconds, and please...I am a technical guy, it wasn't my fault. The check-out attendant had to come by about 3 times to clear the screen, and each time she did it with a big frown and gave me a sigh, like it was such a big chore to come over and push a few numbers. The checkout machine froze up again when I was paying, and she gives me an attitude and says "you know if you don't touch the machine, it won't freeze" in a really short and unfriendly voice. I told her  how am I supposed to know that miss? I don't know these things and I don't work here. She types in a code and goes back to whatever she was doing in the corner. No "thank you for coming", no communication, nothing, just kept her head down. Another employee who was stocking canned products was very distant and aloof in the aisles, I walked by him several times and browsed products in the same aisle that he was stocking in. I must have been there for 5 minutes picking out pasta and sauces and he could not even care that I was there. Sure, you have a job to do but how hard is it to say "hey how are you" to a customer? How hard is it to actually acknowledge another human being in the store or at least ask if they need help? What if there was some little old lady who couldn't reach the top shelf, would he have even lifted up his head to notice?I was very displeased with all of this, because this is Fresh and Easy, not wal-mart. You expect a little higher level of service in a classier store like this. This is not the first time or the first location I have seen shoddy service like this.Service like this is why I don't LIKE going to fresh and easy, but I choose to for cheap prices and decent products. It's a lot like wal mart in that way, you go because it's easy on your wallet, not because the staff is nice or accomodating.Whoever did the hiring at this location seriously needs to read a few more manuals and HR handbooks, because these employees are downright wrong for the job. I don't care who you are, when you work with the public you put on a good attitude or at least put on a fake smile and you pretend to be nice. If you don't like people or helping others then go get a job as a janitor or a data entry technician and hide in a cubicle all day. Treat people nicer and warmer when they walk in the store.
4	I love Fresh and Easy! It truly lives up to it's namesake. Cooking for two is not always a simple task because it's seems as though everything these days is made for four or more. Fresh and Easy has many healthy, prepackaged meals for two ready to make for the evening.I like the selection of free range chicken and beef at a reasonable price as well as whole grain bread and tortillas. Sometimes I just need a healthy meal that is ready to make at the end of a busy work day and I know that Fresh and Easy will have it. They also have a great selection of imported wines and beer at great prices and a pretty knowledgeable staff on the different options.I really hope that Fresh and Easy does not close as rumored but on my last visit I spoke with one of this associates on this matter and she reassured me that this location would not be closing anytime soon. I sure hope not! I shop here often and will continue to do so.
5	Grapefruit Fiz, straight to the back when you walk in the door!This is a great F&E, good food, always something on sale, i don't think I've ever seen their clearance rack empty, which isn't to say I've not tried to empty it myself!
5	This is an awesome location! The first thing I notice is how clean things are. The store looks freshly cleaned whenever I go in. The shelves are well stocked and organized, the aisles are wide and comfortable, and the prices are good. If you haven't tried Fresh and Easy, you need to!
4	This isn't typically my part of town, and Fresh & Easy isn't typically my kind of joint, but when you're headed home and you need to make a quick stop for groceries, it's a pretty solid stop.We hopped off of Ray Road and popped in here on the corner. Lickity split, we had what we needed from the meat department and were back in the car. They often throw things in to the clearance section, so bonus for saving those bucks. Other than that, it's about what you'll find in any Fresh & Easy. They're like mini grocery stores with produce, packaged goods, bakery items, and the basics of home and grocery needs. That usually just frustrates me when I can't find what I'm looking for because the selection is so slim, but when you need something quick (hence the "Easy" part) it's quite the perfect little stop.
