5	Honest and Trustworthy!!! Bought a Kirby from Kirby of Avondale a couple years ago,  never happy with it,  Brought it in for service here.  turns out I was sold a dud, pieced together parts from new and older models!!!!  Owner was honest with me and went to bat to make it right!!! Got me a brand new Kirby!!! Earned my business for life...Highly recommended!!!
3	Be aware that if you are an original owner of a Kirby, you can send your machine to the factory for a complete Kirby rebuild for about 1/2 the price.  You do have to pay for shipping your heavy machine and it takes several more weeks, but I wasn't given this option at the time my "repair" turned into a full rebuild.  As a Kirby authorized service center, I would assume that it would be required to provide all options.  I was specific in asking about the "lifetime" warranty I was sold on and it was kind of blown off saying that it wasn't lifetime, there was only a 3 year factory warranty.   I felt sick that I over paid by more than $200 and it says "all sales final" everywhere.  I should have done more preliminary research and to be fair, they were very thorough in explaining the differences in the rebuilds after the fact when I called them about it.  They gave me the pros and cons and extended my warranty for another year through them to try to make it right.  (They got 1 extra star for that.) I just wish it had been mentioned before I forked over the $$$.  I probably still would have done it through them, but I would have at least liked knowing all my options.  My rebuilt machine looks good and works well.  I hope my "new" machine lasts me another 12 years.  That way the price I paid will be worth it.
4	Dave (owner) was up front and honest.  He did everything he could to help me out to get the vacuum that I wanted and needed.  He spent the time to go over the warranty and made sure I understood how to operate the machine.  I love my new Kirby vacuum and I recommend them.  The only downfall was that they don't take AMEX.  I like my AMEX card for big purchases like this plus my reward points, but they do take other credit cards.
5	Great service, and wonderful work by Dave and Karl. Couldn't be happier with the work performed. Fast service and quality work. Great work Dave and Karl. Love my G5. 5 stars.
