1	I needed a zipper fixed on a skirt and I was sent here by the people Del Ray Cleaners since they do not do alterations and Sunset is in the same plaza. The woman I spoke to told me the skirt would be done the next day. When I arrived after the set time, she told me the skirt wasn't done and to come back later. When I went in again the next day she didn't have the skirt at the shop and had to call her granddaughter to bicycle it over from home. When I got home, I realized that even though she had replaced the actual zipper, she had sewn it incorrectly so it was not attached to the skirt. Also, it smelled pretty bad so I had to get it dry cleaned again. I don't know if this is how they normally do business there, but I don't care for it.
4	I've been coming here for a year and a half and I've always had excellent service. Laundry, dry cleaning and hemming done well and professionally and at fair and reasonable prices. It would be 5 stars except the place is pretty dirty. But as an added bonus your visit is likely to include a side show of some very white trash folk doing ridiculous things. I watched a hilarious catfight between a very large husband and wife for a good 10 minutes. But seriously, they do good work and are very nice.
4	Our usual laundromat was super busy a few Saturdays ago, so we checked our Google maps and found this place nearby.I think this may be our new place. Its very retro. Theres still a detergent dispenser from the 1970s set into the wall and other such fixings.Its tucked away in the western most corner of the strip mall/ parking lot that houses Ted's, behind Sake Bombers. There are a lot of machines (both regular for $1 and industrial for $3.25). A few were kinda dirty, but the majority were clean. They washed our clothes very well. Way better than our laundry room at our apartment complex ever has. They also have large dryers (25 cents for 10 mins). FYI. The AC is limited. Come earlier in the day during the summer.
3	Homely little laundromat but it gets the job done. I actually prefer the retro, old-timey feeling I get from doing my laundry here. They still have the old laundry soap dispensers in the wall, most washers are Maytag top loaders but they do have those giant washers for 50 lbs and comforters. Washers are $1 and they have super hot dryers @ .25 for 10 minutes. They have a snack and soda machine and sell ice cream as well. Free WiFi and the television is always blaring novellas. I actually come here to beat the crowds at Eco and Clean Spin, so now that you know please stay away.
3	It's a laundromat, not sure what folks expect besides functioning washers and dryers.Been coming here maybe a couple of years because they are coin operated and a decent location.Staff is pleasant for the most part.Not to keen on the fact they monopolize some of the equipment during regular business hours.  Sometimes they have stuff, just sitting, in the washing machine or dryer and I really would like to use one of those.Suggestion:  Clean those machines girls.Dang, when I was a kid I would visit a couple of ladies at a nearby laundromat and they would pay me to help them do their work.  Things like wiping OUT the machines every day as well as wiping them down (top/front), and clean out those soap despenser.  ICK!  Caked up fabric softener and powder laundry detergent all over.I've seen stuff in a few of those machines that make me avoid using them not only because of the cleaning products but also because of the questionable items that were laundered previously (the day before?!).Please fix all the large load machines so they're always working.  I tell you there's typically one or two tagged "Out of Order" when I'm there.And can you take those dated fliers down too please?Last thing.  Maybe it's time to replace those four (?) dryers on the West wall.  If you have a poly blend item in them it will melt, burn, and/or discolor the thing.  I've brought home several items damaged because of the excessive heat of the dryers.And I have since learned not to use them.Now if only the staff would free the better functioning dryers for the customers this wouldn't be much of a issue.We keep going back because I don't have to purchase a debit type card to run a machine.  What a rip off those things are -fee up front for card, need to load funds onto card.  C'mon.
