5	From the very beginning their professionalism shinned through.  This move was not planned and we had to act quickly.  The estimator from Atlantic really took his time with me and helped me to think of things I wasn't thinking of.  The packers, loaders drivers were all very professional and personable.When you need movers..  These guys are definitly the ones to call!
1	Charged me for items not completed...I have been fighting the charge for nearly 2 months.  Do not use this company!  They over-promise and under-deliver!
1	awful!  this company looses your items and doesnt seem to care . absolute worst experience . do not hire!!!!!!
5	These guys were all wonderful!!   I was really stressed out about my move to Chicago but they made things go extremely easy!   From the estimator, to the support staff, the driver, his crew, everyone was completely professional and helpful!  My move was even under the amount we budgeted for it!
1	Movers Beware- Before you use this company- read this!  We used this company because the salesperson said they were the best and that they had no complaints.  They didn't have any complaints when I checked.  When the packers showed up, and the truck, everyone was great.  I even went out and bought everyone lunch so they could eat because otherwise they were not going to take a break during packing or loading.  From AZ to CO the truck had just over a week before we could move into our house so they said they went straight to the casino in New Mexico.  When we moved in our new house - the driver gave us two options - 1) check off the boxes to make sure you receive everything, or 2) have them place the furniture where you want it in the house.  If you pick option # 1 they "dump" the furniture wherever and you place it later after they leave.  At least that's what I was told when the truck arrived to our new house in CO. As I was unpacking, I found items missing - a Kitchen Aid 6 quart mixer, and a brand new Vita Mix in the box my mom had purchased for us as a gift.  We left it in the box for them to pack, thinking it would be easier for them to pack.  Also missing was a $650 leather purse, removed from a container and taken out of its dust cover.  It had only been used a few times so it still looked brand new.  Another purse had been put into the dust cover in its place.  There were also quite a few damaged pieces.  We purchased FULL coverage so I was under the impression everything would be covered.  WRONG!  I was told, since we did not check off all the boxes as we moved in, there was no proof the missing items were on the truck.  We had the whole truck, now could they NOT be on the truck?  Unless of course they never made it on or came off between AZ & CO? So I could take a settlement that would pay for one of the items (what it would cost to go to mediation) or we could go to mediation.  Well, the packers packed them, the movers put them on the truck, so what happened to them?  Or did the packers pack them, or did the movers put them on the truck?  That's the question.  No, I was not at home the whole time - I left for lunch & dinner a couple of times, for the movers & packers!  I could not watch both packers all the time because they were in different parts of the house.  But why would I, I didn't suspect them.  All I know is all of my cupboards were bare when I left, except for the kitchen drawer they missed, which the driver had to pack.The damaged items were all fixed, except for an electric frame - which was working and displaying when they packed it.  We were told that electric items get tossed around during shipment and therefore are not covered.  So now we have a $150 electric frame that no longer works and they will not cover, even though we purchased full coverage.Warning - have someone watching the whole time while items are being packed & loaded. Have extra people when the truck is being unloaded.  One with the truck to direct (where my husband was required by the driver to be), one in the house to "place the furniture", and two extras to "check off" all the boxes so that you know whether or not everything was received. Even then you will not know if items were or were not put on the truck that were supposed to be packed and put onto the truck, like my mixer and Vitamix.  I didn't bring them, I have the receipt and warranty registration for the Vitamix and we have pictures, but I was told that did not count.  Consumer Beware because the great customer service I was promised is non-existent.
1	We recently moved from Carefree, AZ to Stockton, CA.  Before moving day, it was difficult to get a 'binding' estimate from them.  Instead, they wanted to give a 'non-binding' estimate; that way, they could add significant charges over-and-above their original estimate.  I refused to allow the move unless we got the 'binding' estimate, which we eventually got.On moving day, the crew was great.  We had no issues with them.  We filled an entire 53' trailer... and more.  The driver told us "another crew will deliver the overflow load next week."  That was more than three weeks ago, and we still don't have our 2,000 pounds of overflow possessions.  They've been sitting in a 100+ degree warehouse in Phoenix, waiting for a driver to pick-up/deliver.  I'll spare you the details of what's missing, but suffice it to say that the delay has caused us many inconveniences.Because of the 'binding' estimate, they only got paid for what they (under)estimated.  They already received 95% of their payment so, understandably, they don't care about delivering our stuff; it will cost them money.  No driver wants to pick up and deliver our stuff; we're now just an inconvenience.A few days ago, I pressed our contact person for an update... no reply.  Our stuff is being held hostage in Phoenix until someday someone decides it's important enough to do the right thing.  I told them that I wanted a delivery date or I'd take to social media because it's the only bargaining chip I have unless/until we go legal... no reply.Atlantic Relocation Systems is affiliated with Atlas Moving.  If you're planning a move, be sure to ask all the right questions and get all the guarantees up-front.  I hope our misfortune saves you some headaches.
5	Atlantic Relocation was wonderful. Nothing broken. Nothing Lost. We were well informed throughout the entire move. Thank you Atlantic.
1	DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!I used Atlantic Relocation Systems (an agent of Atlas Van Lines) to move from Phoenix to Austin. It was a horrible experience. And from what I see here on Yelp, I am not the only person to have issues with this company.To make a long story short, here are the issues I had with this company.1. They were able to change our agreement at will when it was in their best interest, regardless of the inconveniences it caused me. For example, they changed pick-up and drop-off dates/windows because they had overbooked. This left me in a difficult position because the dates of my leases were set in stone.2. They indicated that I would need to pay an additional fee one day prior to the drop-off date because they felt the delivery truck was too large for the complex I was moving into. They had my new address for over a month and waited to tell me a day before the drop-off that I need to find an additional money.3. Three of my large furniture pieces were damaged. They hired a refurbishment company to repair the items. When they could not repair some of the damage they offered us a check for a small fraction of what was still damaged. When I tried to dispute the offer, no one returned my emails or calls.DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!
