5	Great help really took good care of my stuff and stayed an extra hour. I could not have been any more happy if only I had hired them to move the stuff into the new place... well next time I willThank you so much
1	I recently booked AZ Big Boy Movers through movinghelp.com. I was very excited to use the company, as they had excellent reviews online.  I booked through the Moving Help website on a Sunday night for a move the following Saturday. By Wednesday, I had not yet heard anything from the company to follow up and confirm the appointment. I called at around 9:30am that morning and spoke with Sam, who was in the middle of moving another customer. He asked if he could call me back that evening or earlier. I did not recieve a phone call on Wednesday night so called back Thursday morning at around 10am in order to ensure that everything would be good to go for Saturday. I reached Sam again and explained that I was the one who called the day before and was calling back to follow up since he had not called me the evening before. He replied, "Well I didn't think you'd want me calling at 9:30 at night." Fair, but when we'd spoken, we'd said early evening. Anyhow, we all know what it is like to be stuck working a late job and not have the opportunity to complete other tasks on our To Do list, so I was willing to let it slide. Then, Sam explained that he was doing another job and would have to call me back again. Since it was only 48 hours before move-in time, I explained to him that if he did not follow up with me, I would book another company.  After I said that, Sam had time to take down all of my information and confirm our appointment for Saturday.The movers were scheduled to come at 9:00am on Saturday, so my boyfriend and I asked a few friends to come in advance and help us get a head start on moving house hold items down to the U-Haul we'd rented.  We had a pretty strict time schedule and wanted to ensure that everything was done on time. In addition, we were moving out of an apartment and did not want to have the U-Haul blocking everyone into their spots for any longer than necessary! 9am came and went. At 9:20, I recieved a call from Sam who wanted to check how things were going. I explained that his movers had not shown up. He said that he would come move us himself if he had to and would follow up with the movers and call back.  In the meanwhile, our friends had already moved about half our apartment and were meandering around as they waited for the movers to show up (our friends were going to help us unload over at the new place, as well).  At 9:45, I still hadn't heard from Sam.  I called him to follow up. He told me that he was driving and was "an hour and a half away." At this point, with half of our apartment already unloaded in the U-Haul and my boyfriend and his two buddies waiting around, I told Sam that we may just be able to do the job ourselves but wanted to run it by them. I explained this to Sam and asked if I could call him back in five minutes. He immediately began to argue with me, stating that he 'was already driving at 90 mph and did not want a speeding ticket' and saying that he would 'turn around right then because he did not want to drive an hour and a half and be asked to leave.' I reiterated that our agreement had been for 9am, not 11:15 and that we had friends at the apartment who had already basically done the job we'd hired them do anyway. I again asked if he would give me five minutes to call him right back so that I could see if our friends were up for helping us move the rest of the furniture from our apartment. They were. I immediately called Sam back to explain that our friends would help us and that he would not have to drive the rest of the way to downtown Phoenix to assist with the move. At this point, I recieved my first apology. Sam asked if there was anything that he could do and offered to do the job for free. While it was very nice of him to offer, it was too little too late. I'm very glad to hear that so many people have had such a positive experience with this company. Unfortunately, that was not the case for me.
1	So on Wednesday july 31st we had scheduled for az big boy to move us at 10 am.  I received a confirmation on Tuesday night.  Well 10 came and went I call at 1030 received a call back at 11 oh they are running behind will be there by 1130 ok not a good start but not a big deal.  So at 1150 I called no answer mailbox full??? what kind of business is this.  For the next two hours the owner proceeded to give me the decline button when I called him.  I had another moving company call and he told them they were in route.  Funny cause he wouldn't answer my call.  It is now a week later and not apology or communication. These guys are super unprofessional beware.
