3	Good service. The food is Mexican but looks like is prepared for not Mexicans, the taste is good but the way that make it is not right at least the chilaquiles are too crispy and have to be more soaked in salsa is just to short on the salsa, the orange juice not good taste like sunny D.
1	Slow service.  Skimpy portion sizes.  Cheese enchiladas had barely any cheese in them.  My asada burrito had virtually no meat inside.  They do not offer shredded beef burritos.  Very disappointing.
1	Food is horrible.  Soggy French fries, hardly any meat in the burrito. Best bet is to order just the chips and salsa.
5	We had wonderful service!  Great food,  timely,  wonderful variety,  awesome staff,  clean- I'm wondering why our experience was so much different than the other 2 reviews. Pleasantly surprised we gave them a try, will definitely will be back soon!!
5	Had lunch here today. Very good and reasonably priced. The salsa that they bring out is a mango delicious and not the norm. I had the veggie wrap which was beyond delicious. The food presentation was not your normal Mexican restaurant either.  I will return. Suggest you try it.
5	Great place. Super nice, good service and yummmmmmy food :) it's all brand new, awesome atmosphere and the staff is great. Everything we had was really good. We will be back, our new favorite!!
1	We live close by and couldn't wait for this place to open! Our first and only time eating here was pretty disappointing. Although service was fast and the staff were friendly, the food was not very good at all! Meat was dry and bland, salsa was watery... Overall poor quality or just old food! Too bad because this place looks nice and clean but they just need new cooks and recipes??!
1	We decide to stop by last night and give this new restaurant a  try. We stood at the counter for several minutes and were not greeted by a host or server. There was a staff meeting in the bar area and they paid us no attention. We left without being acknowledged by any employee.  With all of the excellent mexican restaurants in town, we probably wont bother with another attempt.
5	I went to this restaurant for the first time a couple of days ago. I must say the atmosphere is nice, the manager is great and the other staff is also wonderful. Oh yes, the food is very delicious!!! For dinner I had chicken & steak fajitas, along with fried ice cream for dessert. The portions were plentiful and the food was fresh & satisfying.  I will definitely be returning very soon!
2	This place was a Mega Cafe, a Coco's and Mi Tierra, prior to becoming Fiesta Chips and Salsa.I don't think they will be around long, Mi Tierra had much better food, at much more reasonable prices. Mi Tierra charged $7.50, including taxes, for a beef chimichanga, sides of rice and beans, with guacamole, sour cream and pico de gallo on the side, with iced tea. Chips and Salsa charged $12.00, including taxes, for a burrito with a little shedded lettuce and a small slice of tomato on the side, with iced tea. As I said, if Mi Tierra, selling better food at lower prices, went out of business, I don't thinks Chips and Salsa stands a chance,That being said on with the Yelp:They start you off with chips and salsa, no surprise there. However, you would think with the name Chips and Salsa, they would have good chips and salsa, they don't. The chips were cooked wrong, they were cooked at too low a temperature for too long. The result was over cooked, on the edge of burnt, oily chips. The chips were so oily, they were shiny, as if someone poured oil over them. The salsa was okay, nothing to write home about. With salsa in their name, you might think they would have brought a variety of salsas for the chips, (Mi Tierra brought two kinds of salsa and bean dip to go with the chips, while you were deciding on what to order and while they prepared it.).I had a Grande Meat Burrito (carne asada), it was okay,  Carne asada, rice, cheese, beans and pico de gallo, in a flour tortilla, though I didn't notice any cheese. It was not served with any sauces, I would think a place with salsa in it's name would want to showcase their salsas, guess not. Although size is relative, the grande burrito was closer to medio, than grande.While there I heard several complaints from people, on the lines of " there's suppose to be guacamole served with this" or " I specifically ordered this with the sauce on the side, they put the sauce on it and tried to scrape it off'". So apparently the kitchen doesn't know what's on their menu or how it's served and have trouble with simple requests. I assume the servers corrected the mistakes, but it's always more impressive to get it right in the first place. As near as I can tell, I got what I ordered, so it appears I was lucky. The server checked to see if I needed anything else, refilled my tea, etc. so I have no problem with the service side. I gave an extra star for the server, a girl with dark red hair, or they would have gotten a one star.There are too many good Mexican restaurants in town, to settle for what they offer at this one. I won't be back.Update:Angie M.commented, "hey wen did u went to fiseta and chips salsa and wht time   u should talked to the main manger " [sic]In my response to Angie, I took the time to translate into English, corrected the spelling of fiesta, corrected the business name and answered her questions.Que lastima (what a shame), this may account for the mistakes people were having with their orders.
3	Came here about a week ago, and it was pretty good.  I believe the place just opened up, so they didn't have alcohol available yet, but they were working on acquiring a liquor license. The place is very neat and also very spacious. I believe they are adding in a patio area as well. The owners/employees are very attentive and very nice. Come check this place out if you want good and authentic mexican food, in a quiet and nice part of town.
3	While we did think the food was better than many local Mexican restaurants that doesn't make the food good.  Anyone who thinks this is authentic cuisine has probably never had authentic Mexican food. At best this was American Mexican.We had the trio fajitas and he shrimp was very tasty, the steak and chicken were fair.  The beans and rice were bland.  For a place called Chips and Salsa those two things were only adequate and we can get better by buying those things at Cardenas market.  We would say the house margarita was nice and strong.So while better than most local Mexican places in LV, really not memorable at all.  So we will keep looking.
2	.Were very anxious to try this new restaurant, but unfortunately we were very disappointed.  The cheese enchiladas were very dry and the sauces did not have a very good flavor.  Hopefully it will improve, if they survive.  Salsa ok far from the best we have ever had.
2	I just want to start off by saying that I am not excited to be writing this particular review.I was super excited to find that a new Mexican restaurant had opened RIGHT next door to my condo and even more excited to have received an awesome BOGO coupon. My fiance and I headed right over as soon as we got the opportunity and that's when the excitement was over.First of all, with a name with "chips & salsa" in the title one would think that they would be wowed by the chips and salsa, but nope. The chips were average, similar to Fresh & Easy's brand and the salsa was not to our particular liking. I never expect to like everything, but a variety would be nice... none of that though. Moving right along to the entree stage... my fiance ordered the nachos and I, the steak fajitas. The nachos were sad, cold, the cheese was not melted and the chicken, flavorless. The fajitas were beautiful and the steak was tender, BUT the tortillas must have been bought at Albertson's and the rice and beans were blah. Overall the staff was super nice, but the food was not great and seriously lacking in flavor. I truly hope that things improve and the food gets better. I would love to have a close Mexirant that we could frequent, but for now I will keep looking.
4	We stopped in a month or so after the remodel that was recently completed. First off, they did a great job with the interior. Nothing off the charts design wise, but everything was new looking, and clean. That always helps.  Started off by ordering drinks. We had a regular margarita and a mango margarita. Both were tasty..nothing totally over the top. We ordered the guacamole to pair with the chips & salsa. The guac was really good, something that I can't say I was expecting after eating their bland chips. Personally, I think they need to kick it up a notch with their chips and salsa. They are just sub-par. We walked in expecting knock your socks off chips and salsa because they are called FIESTA CHIPS & SALSA. Their chips and salsa is equlivent to maybe...fresh grocery store quality. However, our entrees were great! I got the shrimp and cheese enchillada with green sauce. My boyfriend selected the carne asada. Both came with the usual rice and beans. The portions were more than enough. We definately felt satisfied after our entrees. Someone else had made the point that this is not "authentic" Mexican, and they were definately correct. The good is good, though, and you won't leave disappointed. The prices are pretty on par for the quality of the food.
4	The sweetie and I finally made it in to try some tacos.First, let me say I'm a seasoned veteran when it comes to tortillas chips, and salsa. I found the chips excellent in consistency AND flavor. The salsa was mild - but very flavorful. I usually like my salsa with more heat,  but this salsa was pretty good.My sweetie ordered a soft taco trio. I ordered chicken hard shell taco / with rice & beans. Sweetie loved her asada tacos. My chicken tacos were excellent,  and filling. The rice was flavorful,  as were the refried beans.The service was very good. The seating is spacious. The prices were a tad more than Pepe 's, and Robertos,  but the food is a cut above and worth what you pay,  in my opinion. We liked this restuarant, and we will be returning.
3	I've had Mexican food from all over the valley and this place is my least favorite. The food was just okay and the service was awful. The staff didn't even know everything on the menu.
2	Disappointing. Ordered a chicken taco plate, and was only able to eat part of one taco; the chicken was that bland. By bland I mean they had obviously boiled the chicken in unseasoned water for hours. It tasted like Styrofoam, and was just as dry. My boyfriend thought the burrito was bland as well. The reasons I give it two stars instead of one is that the chips are really good, fresh made and hot. The salsa is on the watery side, but flavorful. The nacho dish was good as well. They have several premium margaritas, starting at $8, which look really good as well. The restaurant itself has been remodeled a bit, and it's pretty cute now. Service is friendly and fast, and the food presentation is lovely. If they would devote the same time and passion to the FOOD, this would be a good restaurant. In short, go here for the nachos and margaritas.. That's it.
3	I was a bit disappointed with the quality of the food, unfortunately it was plain and flavorless. I think that Roberto's would have been a better choice than this. The server was nice but you can tell he does not have that much experience as he was a bit clumsy and not very professional. The prices were pretty reasonable, I just wish it was better. Maybe it is a good spot for lunch but we probably won't be back for dinner.
4	Food was good, restaurant was empty. Only issue: If you know what fried ice cream should be, don't order it here. Shell was not crisp. It was more like it was rolled in wet sticky coconut. Not good.
3	Good service, okay food. I found this place on groupon. Its in a quiet part of Summerlin. Our waitress was very nice, very attentive. Live music, but a very lonely place, especially for a Saturday night. I ordered cheese enchiladas, the sauce was too tangy for me. My husband got a wet burrito and said it was pretty good. Overall, wasn't too bad but probably won't be coming back.
5	With their name the chips and salsa has to be good and they delivered. Best chips I have ever eaten. I got the beef chimichanga . The beef was so tender and delicious. Got the churro dessert and it was awesome. Friendly wait staff. I would highly recommend!
4	I'm updating my review from 3 stars to 4.Once again, service was great. Very attentive. Friendly. Professional.  Entertainment again tonight.Taquito sampler was good. My kids devoured it. Burrito was amazing again.I got the enchiladas again, but asked for red sauce this time instead of green.. much better. Tex mex salad wasn't great, but everything else was. Servers Sigy and Cecelia are great!!!
1	I'm glad I am writing a review now, because this place won't be in business very long.Let me do start on a positive note; Cecelia is a very good and personable server.That's about it. As you can discern from the name of the place, it is very Gringo.I ordered a combo plate of Tamale, Chile Relano, and Carne Asada Taco. The taco was better than Taco Bell or Del Taco, but not as good as fast food favorite, La Mexicana and not even in the ball park with Taco's Del Gordo.The Tamale was dry, and nowhere in the class of Dona Maria's, or for that matter, any decent catering truck. The Chile Relano, was soggy, and low on cheese.Very Gringo, and I'm with Heather as it was very disappointing.I had a "buy one, get one free coupon", and I wish I had never used it. A free meal doesn't always taste better.No returno!!!
2	Now I know why this place is ALWAYS empty.About the only "special" food they offer are their fresh chips and salsa; which they charge after the first small basket.  I ordered the pork green chile, wife got two tacos, and sis ordered chile relleno and the special.  There was absolutely not one thing about any of these items that was good or memorable.  Seasonings are skimpy, as the green chile pork was flavorless.This place needs something special; they offer bland and mediocre Mexican-Americanized food.We figured we were going to be disappointed way before we decided on this place.  We based it on the fact that it never has customers and that they uber-advertise outside.  Very disappointing.
5	I am in love with this place! It has a wonderful atmosphere!  And great Wall decorations! I went on a Saturday evening, and was greeted promptly upon entering. Very sweet staff. Our waiter promptly got our drink orders and even refilled our chips and salsa while we decided. They had a female live singer singing beautifully (and not too loud). I ordered the enchilada platter and chose chicken with red sauce. They also offer beef as an option (but no carnitas) and green sauce. The chicken was moist and perfectly cooked. The enchiladas had just the right amount of sauce and heat and cheese !!!! Oh it was absolutely delicious. The plating was beautiful and everything on my plate came out hot and fresh! My friend ordered the pick 3 combo and had a crunchy taco with carne asada that looked out of this world and she said it did not disappoint, it was as tasty as it looked. I also had a mango margarita that was soooooo yummy (but not very strong) ! Absolutely perfect for a Saturday night meal with your girlfriends or buddies or family !! And it's in a great area ! I will definitely be returning!
4	I'm not gonna lie: my expectations for this place were low.I saw the Groupon and read the mostly-mediocre reviews, and bought it anyway because who doesn't love a discount? Plus it's right by my work.Well this evening I was pleasantly surprised. Got the Fiesta Nachos with carne asada and the lengua burrito in salsa verde with cheese- both were really good! The nachos are loaded with tons of beef and both melted and shredded cheese, and the chips are thick and crispy. Lots of guac on top, too. The burrito is served enchilada-style with the green salsa that is just right: not too much heat but a good zesty kick to it. Total was under $20 and portions were good- I'll be eating leftovers for lunch all week.Not sure I'd go out of my way to go here specifically, but they have a happy  hour with discounted margaritas and dollar tacos, and the nachos at least I can highly recommend!Down side: they don't answer their phone, so don't bother calling in an order. Minor irritation, but I ordered to go and wish I could have had it ready when I pulled up.
1	I ate here one time shortly after the restaurant opened and paid with my debit card.  Today I noticed on my bank's website that the debit charge from May was debited from my account in late September; more than four months later.  This makes me very suspicious as I have NEVER had a debit card vendor wait four months to debit my account for a purchase.  As such, I will not eat at this establishment again.
5	So happy we came into this place!! We live right around the corner and have never been before... Boy what a mistake!! This will be our new spot for sure!! Service was great. Rocia was so sweet!!! Good was amazing everything we order was perfect!! Can't wait to come back!
3	Good atmosphere, live singer, place was clean.  Food was alright. .. it tasted off though,  like it sat too long in its packaging, or something,  hard to explain
1	I bought a Groupon for Fiesta Chips and Salsa.  My husband, son, and I went one afternoon and we ended up walking out.  We waited for our drinks for 45 minutes.  The server waited on other tables, counted money at the cash register, made a couple phone calls, and had lengthy conversations with other employees.  A table that came in after us finished their food before we got our drinks.After 45 minutes we cancelled our drink order and left.  Our Groupon will go to waste because we have no desire to return.  I would not recommend this place.
1	I just ate here and I order some garlic shrimp. Unfortunately, the shrimp was so over cooker, it was super hard and I could even taste where it was burnt on the edges. The garlic, needless to say, was also very burnt. I pretty much didn't like the salsa and beans all too much and I generally could have had a much better dining experience here.
2	Service was excellent. Our waitress brought us refills without even asking and always with a smile. The free chips and salsa was decent although the chips were over cooked and salsa was fresh but had no flavor/seasoning. We ordered the enchilada combination platter my spouse said the ground beef was not seasoned, the rice was overly dry as well as the peas mixed in. The random pile of lettuce was fresh but clearly not understood. The refried beans- though clearly out of a can were yummy. The beef fajitas meat was not seasoned, the peppers and onions were good though. The guacamole was decent. The drinks (soda was $2.5x) were a bit much in my honest opinion. I can buy a 1 liter for $1 at most stores right now. I am glad we went with a groupon but will not be returning. If you prefer bland food that served promptly and at a nice temp this is the place for you. I was willing to give it a shot even though they had no queso on the menu.
1	Yuck. Just yuck. The meat in my carne asada torta looked and tasted re-heated. Everything but the chips and salsa were flavorless.
5	Here for lunch cause I've heard good things..and wow they were right..I got a sangria for $2.50!!! (Let me tell you I used to work a a local place that had the best sangria in town... $7.50) But this place I way better... Had the bajantacos and the green enchiladas...and they were amazing....defiantly coming back here plus everyone is so welcoming and friendly
5	The wait staff was super friendly and made sure we had an enjoyable dinner experience. There was even nice entertainment with a female singer. The guacamole is amazing, tasted natural and fresh. The rest of the food followed suit with great, fresh flavor. The serving sizes were just right as well. Will definitely be going again.
5	Definitely my favorite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas so far.  Great food, great service, great ambience, music, and of course great Chips & Salsa. I want to give this place 1 star only so that people won't go here - then I can have this restaurant ALL TO MYSELF!  BWAHAHAHAHA
