5	Go there.....go there now!!!! Why are you still sitting here reading this go to the Honours NOOOOWWW!!!Ok so ive calmed down now but jeez this is one of the finest places to open in Edinburgh in a long time!Delighted to see Martin Wishwart going back to his classic French training and creating a menu with the superb Paul Tamburinni. Its fun its innovative there is increcible choise its just awesome!!20 different starters!! Count them...20!!! Normally this would terrify me but you look through it and can get how they manage it, a lot of terrines and preserves as well things which are taken from supplier to plate!!And wait for it they have oysters!!! Not just any oysters though oh no these are Fal Estuary oysters and are awesome!!The menu as I say is well designed, pasta/seafood/meat options + a full range of grill options!The really fun aprt comes at desert, you start with 3 french classics that you would expect tarte tatin, creme brulee and chcoalte delice! But then holly mother of mary of awesomeness they have a Sundaes menu!! 4 awesome sounding deserts including black forrest and pina colada all amde with homemade icecream!!!If Carlsberg made restaurants it wouldnt be as a good as this!!
3	Super stylish, nice service, but rather underwhelming menu and dishes. We summed it up: "there's little doubt that for the next few months The Honours will be the place to take people you're seeking to impress. People will be impressed, as there's a lot to admire in the design and the service. However, if you're looking for somewhere that's going to offer you genuinely memorable dishes, we're not sure this is the place."
5	special occasions call for special places to celebrate and The Honours fits the bill perfectly.  following the boyfriend' new qualifiers ceremony me, the boyfriend, and his parents headed here for a leisurely afternoon lunch.  i'd been once before about a year and a half ago (the days before i knew of yelp!) so was hoping my second visit lived up to my first.on arrival we were warmly welcomed by the hostess who very kindly took our soggy coats and wet umbrellas to place in the cupboard while we were shown to our table in the main dining area.  i quite like the look and feel of this restaurant as it's done in muted browns and tans so it's nice and calming for a relaxing meal.  there is also an open kitchen so depending on where you're sat you can watch as your meal is prepared which is a nice touch.the menu is well put together with a nice selection of starters and mains but clearly the main highlight is their grill items mostly notably their selection of steaks.  after some debate we all decided on what to order and i went with the crab cappachino soup to start and sirlion steak for the main.  i'd had the soup before so was eager to try it again and i can confirm it was just as delicious the second time as the first.  a delicate broth is adorned with a foam made from the soup, crab meat in the bottom, and little parmesan crisps placed on top.  a really lovely way to start the meal.  i also got a bite of my boyfriends saffron and broad bean risotto which was so delicious i had a bit of food envy!luckily no food envy for the main course as my sirlion steak was just magnificent!  i thought it was a bit confident of the restaurant to not give us steak knives for our meal but they were definitely not needed!  the steak as perfectly cooked at medium rare and soooooo tender!  it was topped with a madiera glaze and also a side of bearnise sauce as well.  the boyfriend and i shared a side of creamed spinach and potatoes boulangere which were both really tasty and went well with the steak.  as good as the steak was though i have to say that the main highlight was dessert!  i had the souffle of the day which in this case was rasberry with a side of homemade chocolate ice cream.  the souffle arrived towering above the ramekin it was being served in and was light and airy and just heavenly!  even though i was full i managed to eat it all as it was just so so so good!!in addition to the food, the staff are absolutely lovely and so professional.  at one point my boyfriend's father accidently knocked his knife to the floor and in an instance a waiter was picking up the knife and replacing it as well.  some very impressive service indeed!so The Honours is definitely a five star restaurant for me!  looking forward to another special occasion to go back and dine :)
5	A gem! This is the best value for money experience I have ever had. The atmosphere is chic, the food is Michelin-standard and the service is very attentive with extremely helpful advice on food and wine. We paid about 40 pounds per person for a starter, main, a bottle of good wine and a dessert to share, which I would say is an extremely good price for its standard. If I were to say one disadvantage, that would be it is slightly noisier than I would like. However, it being a brasserie this is within the package.  It is much better than restaurants within more or less the same category, such as Hadrian's, St Honore, Escargot Bleue, Maison Bleue and La Garrigue.Very highly recommended!
4	I took my boyfriend here for a birthday treat last summer, booked online with a request to put a candle on whatever desert he ordered. He thoroughly enjoyed the food (we both had steaks). It is quite noisy, but that's expected in a brasserie. The food was so good, you can tell it's a Martin Wishart restaurant. Even though we only had steak, chips & greens, I could not fault the food. Also my boyfriend asked for sorbet by itself for desert which wasn't a problem (it wasn't on the menu) - it came with a candle as requested! The wine list was good too, think I tried two different reds (they had a nice selection of wines by the glass), the sommelier recommended a few wines too. I love this place and will visit again with a larger group of friends (I can't remember much else but I know the food was lovely)
5	I had an amazing dinner at The Honours, probably one of the better meals I've had in Edinburgh!We were greeted warmly on arrival and told to take a seat in the 'sofa area' to wait for our table to be ready. Ordered cocktails and the waitress came with menus and told us the daily specials.After a while we were taken our table and soon ordered food. The waiter brought some warm bread and butter which was tasty.I must say the Grill section of the menu at Honours is very appealing, especially for steak lovers - with 28-36 aged beef on offer, rare breeds etc. However, I had my eyes on the 'presa steak of iberico pork' (pork shoulder steak) which I knew I had to try.  I'm glad I did, as it was delicious. It was perfectly chargrilled and very tender. The pork was served with a red wine sauce. Though the pork was very tender, I would still preferred to have had a steak knife with it. I ordered some green beans as a side and they were just right - buttery and crunchy but not underdone.For dessert I ordered a vanilla creme brulee, as it's one of my favourite desserts. The waitress then came to advise that they actually only have a cocoa or jasmine creme brulee on offer, so I chose the jasmine one. It was a large dessert - a big round dish of perfection, the top caramelized beautifully. It was delicious, but I couldn't taste any jasmine. The Honours is a wonderful restaurant for a special occasion. The staff are so welcoming and professional and the atmosphere is not too formal, which I liked.
5	3 words to describe my experience in The Honours from Michelin Star Chef Martin Wishart.* Awesome * * Fantastic * * Amazing * In a few more words I can explain that this visit is in the top of my best meals in Scotland list.  I have been to quite a few restaurants and I have experienced service and produce. The Honours scores 5/5 on both accounts. Yes it is a Brasserie, but don't let that fool you as the food on offer puts many a restaurant to shame! Bookings are preferably done by  phone or on-line reservation. They allocate a 2 hour slot - We had 17:30 to 19:30.On arrival we were invited to sit in the lounge and have a drink - we each took a  Bloody Mary.The tables are simply and elegantly dressed, linen napkins, cutlery, wine glasses - noticeably no salt and pepper. Menu prices are reassuringly set in the upper regions of the spending scale, but reasonably so.  I started with a Rillet of Pork & Duck - this was supplied with a Parmesan Crisp. I was delicate, tasty and just what I expected. For main I decided on the Glenarm Estate Shorthorn Rib-eye Steak - served with a red wine jus. Thin fries and buttery green beans to share. Anita A. took the Presa Steak (fillet) of Iberico pork. Both pork and beef were prepared on a Josper Grill - of which quite a few restaurants we visited lay claim to - but this was the first restaurant that actually made it taste properly. Smokey, charcoal flavour throughout - just wonderfully cooked! No salt or pepper required.We each took a glass of Pinot Noir to accompany the meal, which was a good choice. - They have about 12 wines by the glass - this Pinot Noir was the top range choice, but well worth it. As a dessert I took a Banana & Mango cocoa dusted Souffle with a Mango Sorbet side. Perfect! Well risen, good texture, light an airy and that little pure chocolate on the bottom of the dish made it quite special. Well done! I finished this wonderful experience with a Gaelic Coffee.(As a side note. The music was not loud, more background. It was a nice mixture of up to date songs - they even played 'Happy' from Pharrell :D  )
5	This place is amazing. If you really like good food...if you really like eating somewhere where there is a solid appropriate wine list....GO HERE. EAT HERE! ENJOY HERE.We like good food...we had the special steak, and duck fat fries (omigawd!) ...but the seasoning, the sides, the care by the wait staff..made it an evening you want to share with every one...yes, its a bit noisy...but only at the bar....not in the dining room...it was intimate...multi guest friendly...make a reservation and enjoy the food..really enjoy the amazing the food. Make this one of your stops in Edinburg....please...
4	The food was good, with a nice range of choices throughout. The quality of ingredients was obvious and really drove the steak-on-bone option that I chose. I can honestly say that the oysters were the best I've ever tasted. The meal was not overly complex but it's simplicity was made up for with taste. I found what really made The Honours was the exceptional service. The waiter was attentive without being overbearing and had a fantastic knowledge of the menu and wine. I really enjoyed the decor and ambiance of the restaurant, bar the horrendous music played throughout the evening - luckily at a volume which wasn't too noticeable. In future I would also like to see some more homemade condiments on offer, for example the mayonnaise was store bought, something I would not have expected at a restaurant of this quality.To sum up, the food was very good, the atmosphere was great and I would definitely recommend to those looking for a luxurious, well priced, dining experience in Edinburgh.
