1	For many years Dillard's was my favorite store. However I have noticed a decided lack of initiative these last few months. Dresses that were identical except for the color were priced differently. Trying to return a dress ( for the first time ever) when I saw it had gone on sale during the last 10 days I was told they didn't have time to change the tag right now and it would have to be put in the back. I was also told Dillard's won't honor the current sales price because they "don't play games."There were 3 saleswomen and me in the whole department yet not one of them could mark the dress down?! If they don't play games why not price the identical dresses with identical price tags to start with? Another clerk in a different department explained they keep the item in the back for 72 hours before putting it out again. Presumably this is meant to discourage smart shoppers. Since then I have sent two emails and not recieved a reply. There are too many stores where pricing is lower, policies more friendly and staff less haughty for these kinds of tactics. I will be speaking with my wallet and taking my business elsewhere
4	Came here for something specific and told the sales lady what I was looking for and she was very helpful in trying to locate it. She even went on the computer to check but we did not have any luck. It felt great getting good customer service even when I didn't end up buying anything. Alot of times service can be ehhh at some department stores. But not Dillard's.
3	C'Mon, it is Dillard's. Good stuff, not great. Quality stuff at a good price. Stylish without having to schlep on over to the foo foo places of the Fashion Show. The standard of suburban outposts.
4	I've always found sweet deals at this Dillards...I love their dresses, jewelry area and make up counters.  Easy in and out location at the Galleria Mall.
5	Dillard's is by far my favorite department store.  This location is great to visit because it actually has a sizeable shoe department, great handbag selections, lots of socks and hosiery, lingerie, and of course, a massive women's apparel department.  This store tends to have more swimwear (after coats get moved) than the Fashion Show store.I have found some excellent things at this store and do regularly get outstanding service from associates who recognize me.  Though this store does not have a designated suit section, there is a secret corner that has Tahari by ASL at 40-50% off at all times.  I have acquired Tahari suits and other wonderful items here.  Dillard's also has great sales (40% and 65%) and constantly has markdowns.  I like a lot of Dillard's-exclusive designers.  My favorites are Antonio Melani and Peter Nygard (who also has a petite line thank goodness).  Other exclusive designers include Michelle D (my bridesmaids wore her shoes, cute and affordable), Gianni Bini, and Alex Marie.This store has one of the largest Fossil hangbag/wallet collections too.  I find some amazing bags here for super sale prices.  Dillard's also has the best collection of Onex shoes, better than Nordstrom often (but of course no one can compare to Zappos).  I have also found a Dillard's sensitive skin jewelry line.  The store even had Swarovski jewelry on sale, a very rare occurence, so I acquired earrings that exactly match a necklace I purchased from Swarovski 2 years ago!  This is definitely my go-to place for shopping essentials.  I have even found great deals when dressing my husband Eric R., including a large selection of Hugo Boss dress shirts, Calvin Klein sweaters and Daniel Cremieux polos.
4	I have bought tons of things at this Dillard's location.  When you hit it right, the clearance racks have crazy sales.  I have gotten nice blazers for under twenty dollars.  I also got a coach purse for $27 a few weeks ago.  Can't beat that!The level of service really varies by department.  In the clothing, handbag, or jewelry section, workers are quick to offer help.  However, the housewares/bedding section leaves a bit to be desired.  It's like I have to hunt someone down and beg them to ring me up.  Still, I like Dillard's more than the other department stores.  I feel like I get more for my money here.
1	Horrible experience today at Dillards at the Galleria Mall in Henderson, Nevada. Just trying to exchange a nightgown that my husband had purchased for me today and was helped by the worst sales person ever, Judith and then her "manager" Tom. It took over an hour to return the item and then I ended up buying more items just to try and make it easier to return since it seemed like such a difficult thing for them to do. Judith had no clue what she was doing and the whole time kept going on about how the return didn't work and not to say anything about her being so useless because she did want us to get her in trouble. She finally said "ok to do this return to get your money back (a whole $1.23) you have to go up stairs to do it, because I can't get it to work. If you want the money you can go upstairs or just buy something else." I decided fine I will just buy another  one to make it easier and so I could get the heck out of there. I gave her the second nightgown which she then rang it incorrectly.  By that time my husband and I had it, and asked for the manager.Tom (the manager) came by and was as unhelpful as Judith. Tom did more than 5 transactions just trying to figure out how to return the item and purchase the new item with the credit. Tom then thought that a great topic of conversation while doing this was to tell me and my husband about how bad of a day he was having and how his eye hurt and he was having issues with it. After over 40 min. finally we thought that our misery would be over but then Tom gave us back the incorrect change (trying to give us back $37 out of $100 and not the correct $62) not once but twice, till my husband insisted that he count it again. The third time Tom counted out the change it was correct (the $62) and our nightmare was over. We love shopping at Dillards but after this our business will be taken else where as the customer service is just no longer up to par.
2	Went there for some eyeshadow.    I began to feel like an inconvenience with the  girls at the MAC counter because my purchase was not of a significant amount.   Could take a lesson or two from the MAC store in Pasadena.  The artists there are much more helpful and you don't feel like they are trying to do a hard "sell".  I still love their products but would prefer to go elswhere for my MAC purchases here in the Valley.
5	I have to update because Dillard's has been given me lots of happiness lately.  Two weekends ago Eric R. told me he needed new dress shirts, so we went over to Dillard's which was having a big sale.  The gentleman who helped us was extremely patient, unpinning fitted shirts to help Eric R. find ones that would be perfect and professional.  We were successful with 4 dress shirts, one of which was Hugo Boss and on major sale.  Eric R. determined he loved the quality of Boss and told me to get more of these if I found them on sale in his size.Last weekend I went by the Fashion Show location and acquired 3 more shirts, now on even better sale, in the Boss slim fit line.  Eric R. liked 2 of the 3, so I decided to return the shirt to the Galleria location after work yesterday that he didn't like.  I happened to be wearing a gorgeous Cezanne necklace from Dillard's yesterday and noticed on my way out of work that a teardrop shaped rhinestone was missing from the floral charm in the middle of the necklace - I was so bummed and decided to see if the jewelry department could get me the info on Cezanne (a house designer) so I could get a replacement stone.Instead, the jewelry department staff (who I have received great help from previously) took a Cezanne earring from the clearance rack, took a gem out of the earring and put it in my necklace, a perfect fit!  They did not charge me for this and just put the earring in the "damage pile."  The associate carefully taped the gem to my necklace and recommended I glue it down when I get home.  I cannot believe the quick and easy reaction to make sure I left happy and able to keep the necklace - it was really outstanding service.
4	Okay, there are a ton of places to shop and I really like Dillards...a.  Parking - Strip Mall, plenty of parking here and close by all the doors.b.  Location - Very easy to get to.c.  Service - This is an exemplary part of Dillards. All service staff are top quality, willing to help and make you feel like you are very special.d.  Products - Have you seen how many sales staff they have in women's shoes?  You will never go without service here.  They have all the best products  If you want top end product, they have it here!e.  Prices - Here is where they suffer a bit. Prices tend to be high as an offset to choice and quality.  That is what you pay for.I like coming here and will continue to come here, however, for the deals, I would go to Macy's.
4	There bathroom Is nasty!  Really Dillards!I like Dillards, but this bathroom.....OMG, I felt like I was in the  Walmart bathroom!They have some good sales going on right now 50% off.
4	I walked in and went straight to the kitchen department looking for a cake plate. They did have some but none of them were quite what I was looking for. Julie (I think that was her name) was extremely helpful and went above and beyond to help me find a cake plate. She did sell me on their awesome cookbook. Only $10! and awesome recipes for the Christmas season and very easy instructions as well. I made off with a Bunn, MyCafe' 4-in-1 Coffee/Tea maker. This is an awesome piece of machinery and usually retails for about $150. I got it for $56!!! TOTAL WIN!!!
5	Yesterday I was helped by a lovely girl named Sindy in the Home Goods Section. She helped me find a wonderful comforter for my bed and was very sweet!
4	Dillard's and their periodic 50% off permanently reduced merchandise is the best reason for going to the Galleria mall.  Yes, it's a zoo on such days but the bargains you can get make it somewhat worth it.  Regular sales are just ok - like other department stores so nothing special.
4	One of my favorite stores. Customer service is excellent. I always visit Sue at the dior counter, Janice at Origins and Tim when I'm getting new shoes. They are always very helpful and let me know about any new promotions or sales. I gave it 4 stars because the bathrooms could be cleaner and it's sometimes hard to get anybody to help me in shoes if Tim isn't there. Unlike Macy's, Dillard's employees actually are there to help most of the time. That store is my go to store for all my shopping needs.
1	Unfortunately no matter if I go to the galleria or Fashion Show it is the worst costumer service.  I was looking at a 600.00 Michael Kors handbag (at Fashion Show) with 3 sales associates talking and they never even looked at me. The whole store was like this.I bought nothing. I went to another department store and spent my money there. It's been like this for years. Especially the Galleria. I'd like to give a customer service training class. My guess is no one would show up.
2	I love clinique makeup (reason for the two stars) but for some reason the girls can not match me for foundation. granted I had a sleeping child in my arms the first go round so I thought I got a good look at the color..guess not. I went back to return it finding out it was three shades to dark. Came home and noticed that the color I got was still one shade off.. well time to plan another trip out to hopefully get the right one. Next time I will go to ulta. They have a clinique counter. At least that is a lot closer.
5	Today I was very happy with the shoe sale...found two pairs on sale @ $29.99. The third pair was not on sale but it was too cute to pass up!
4	They have the best customer service here. Men's department was very knowledgable with a twist of humor and I found what I needed. MAC store in Dillard's again has knowledgable and attentive employees. Entire store is always well organized and clean! No matter what area your in there is someone around to assist you.
