4	Relatively clean, although the parking lot may make you think it's not.  Open till 11.  Extra star for Marketplace (you can seriously buy furniture here) and the fact that I used to get my hair cut here when I was a kid.  It was a Smitty's then.  Before they remodeled the entire front end of the building and replaced the space with a cafe-thing and a BofA branch.  This is now my most convenient ATM, actually, even though the parking lot is a huge pain to get out of.  Bell Rd. traffic is such a drag, man.
3	There are certain grocery stores in the Phoenix area that have a certain reputation.  "All the ASU babes" shop at one Safeway on Scottsdale, or something like that, and the good-looking Arcadia folks can be found at - ah forget it, it's not germane.  The point is, this particular Fry's has and deserves no such reputation.  This is where everyone from the Square does their grocery shopping.  The closer you can go to closing time (11 PM!) the better off you'll be.  Three stars for price and decent selection, but would it kill ya to sweep the parking lot a little more frequently?
2	I thought this Fry's closed a little later on a Friday night - either 11pm or midnight.Nope. 10pm. I got there, knowing what I wanted and needed. My friend also got what she wanted as well...no announcements that the store was closing. My friend and I were at the self-checkout...for the record, I hate those things because I feel like they're taking away from the workforce, but that's just me, though.Anyway, the lone cashier that was open looked like she had a huge line, so I opted to use the self-checkout.I got my stuff and my friend started to ring up her purchases...*machine stops working*"Oh, were you going to buy that? I thought you were both done. I turned off the registers." and continued to make a fuss about what a pain it was to turn them back on. Really? Turn the key to the right. That's all she has to do...unless she needs to call in a manager or something. I don't know about their procedures to re-open registers.I kept thinking, "No, she's just going to walk out with it."Instead my friend said, "Well, since it's clearly so much hassle for you to turn the registers on, then I'll take my business elsewhere. There are other stores that are open.""Oh no, it's not that...let me turn on the registers again." Somehow she made it sound like she was doing us the favor...and she turned a key and entered in a code and VOILA! the register was open again...all that attitude from the person monitoring the self-checkout just to have her turn a key and enter a code? Lame.At the end, when she realized that it wasn't a $2.00 purchase, she was all smiles.Long story short: go before closing, preferably before the sun sets because it's a little scary...and the parking lot is a little on the dirty side, as was the rest of the store. I saw where some people had munched on donuts, then tossed them into a shelf, hiding it behind some items, hoping it wouldn't be spotted. GROSS.
3	I spend a stupid amount of time at this Fry's -- even though my heart belongs to Trader Joe's, this location is so convenient and the selection is so plentiful that it's too good not to be my go-to grocery store.  I have to say that it has had its ups and downs (like the time I almost physically assaulted the malfunctioning self checkout machine), but for the most part this store is like a really reliable friend -- not the fun kind who's always telling you something new or making you laugh out loud, but the friend who tells you when there's food in your teeth.  I think that most of the employees who work there genuinely know what they're doing and want to help you get in and out of the store.  There's no razzle dazzle here, but this store is always there for you in a pinch.  Highlights:  Tully's coffee bar with couch area (I have no desire to hang out at my grocery store, but maybe this is something that strikes you as a bonus?), marketplace complete with home goods section, really friendly produce guys to joke around with, a RedBox DVD station, and the newest addition -- a gas station where for every $100 you spend on groceries, you get a fill-up with a 10-cents/gallon discount.
3	Typically clean, friendly staff, security at dusk.
3	I love the clearance section at this store!  Mentos $.29 , Trident $.69, Plenty of AZ team spirit wear! The store is clean and well organized. Free WiFi, leather sofas, flat screen tv, refreshment area, and a few table and chairs.The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because they don't seem to have the ability to handle large quantity purchases 10+ of the same item...they have to ring each separately by hand...tick tick tick ...time is money... MY money.You will find a few homeless people begging outside on most days that you go to this location.
1	This review is only about Tully's Coffee. Never ask for a tea latte, it tastes like some strange combination of dirty water, ginger, and feces
3	I am a slave to good prices and convenience. This location is within walking distance of my house, so of course I will be a frequent customer here.The prices for are good, especially for big brands of processed crap. They do have an organic/ health food section but it is pricey. Better prices at Sprouts for that kind of food.Produce quality is hit or miss.Their rotisserie chicken guarantee "chicken always available between 5 and 7 or it's free" is malarkey. Malarkey I tell you! Almost every time I try to pick one up at that time for my hubby, the bin is all out of them. I ask the deli if they have any left and they always say "They will be out in just a few minutes!" Oooookaayy... that means they are not available. Give it to me free then please!Employees and service are hit or miss as well ... they have a few very nice cashiers and baggers. And then there are the not so nice or blatantly ignorant ones. Which reminds me of a funny story ...I was in line at the B of A inside the store. There was only one other person in line, a Fry's employee. She was there first but she was still at the little island filling out her paperwork, when the teller called for the next person. Seeing as she wasn't done or responding, I stepped around her to go towards the teller. She then screeched at me "ARE YOU CUTTING AHEAD OF ME?!" To which I apologized and told her I thought she wasn't ready. I was trying to keep from laughing because the whole thing was ludicrous. She sensed my smirk and heard my husband chuckling a few feet away, and screeched "NOW YOU ARE LAUGHING AT ME?!"  I said "Please, miss go right ahead. I'm SO sorry". She glared at me for a long 30 seconds and proceeded to the teller.I thought of complaining to the management of the behavior of their off-duty employee but I decided against it. Especially when my husband and I were driving out of the parking lot and I caught her glaring at me from the bus stop. I felt sorry for her. I also didn't want to be jumped on my next milk run.Of course I will be back to Fry's. Cheap, convenient, and never a dull moment.
4	One of the better locations in the area. They are always clean and nicely organized.  Staff is friendly at this one and they always seem to be willing to assist you if you need it.The gas station at this location is pretty competitively priced as well if you need to fill up before / after grocery shopping.Overall: A-Parking lot can be chaotic, staff is friendly, store is clean / organized.
1	Love frys and their prices. But hands down the worst customer service I have ever received!!! I will not be back to this location
1	Loved this place up until now. They started remodeling and ok, great, more food items! Got excited. Then... I went in yesterday... OMFG! Seriously Right Now? CLOTHES??? I got to a supermarket to by groceries, not clothing. Too much people. way over the top. Bring back the food, no need to buy clothes or shoes, or underwear at a supermarket. Is business really that bad guys?
4	Great store and always so friendly. The selection is great and we have not had a bad experience in all the years we have gone there. My only wish is they would have more of a selection of organic and grass fed products so I would have one stop shopping.
