5	Been my vet for 12 years, caring and professional. Doc Baumler and the crew are top shelf.  Recently had another positive experience as my elder dog developed an infection and was very bad off....  Doc B correctly diagnosed a difficult case, and prescribed the right stuff to get him back on track.  In addition, he's called several times to make sure everything is OK.
5	Just a note, I recently lost my old dog, and Doc Baumler and staff went out of their way to make the process as dignified and easy as possible.  This is the second time over the years that they've been there for us.  Just the best vet in the area.  I highly recommend them.
5	I have an extensive series of interactions with this clinic and there hasn't been a time where I haven't been pleased with the service.Initially our dog had some serious issues after we got him from the shelter. We wound up having to go through chemotherapeutic treatments with the doctor. Dr. Mackenzie was incredibly helpful. The oncologist in Gilbert was going to charge us roughly 500 dollars per treatment over a prolonged course and Dr. Mackenzie offered to do the same treatment for significantly less. Over a 9 treatment course this was incredibly expensive. I don't feel as though we were nickled and dimed and I felt like the quality of care from the support staff and the veterinarians was top-notch.Our most recent check up, shots and skin work-up cost ~$160, which is somewhat costly, but I truly value their expertise and care.  I would highly recommend this business to all pet owners.
5	Great service, great vets with great personalities...brought my 2 dogs there for senior checkups. I have been going to another practice and I was not happy with the service. Foothills service is excellent and I will be going there for now on. They do not push anything on you there and do not do any un-needed tests. They cleaned my dogs teeth really good. I wish they were open 24 hours for emergency services.
5	My boyfriend and I recently took our new 11 week old Shih Tzu here to get her 2nd set of shots and we both were kind of nervous. That completely changed once we were greeted by their friendly staff!They coo'ed over our puppy and took her in back to show to all of the vet techs and it was so apparent that they care a lot about the pets they see and their owners. Also everyone that came in or left while we were waiting were treated so genuinely, almost like everyone that came in was a close friend.Once we entered the exam room they knowledgeably answered all of our questions an then some! They offered advice and when I asked our vet tech if our puppys nails were getting long she said yes, then went into the back and got nail clippers, and while clipping our puppys nails she taught us how to do it for future references!We saw Dr.Johnson and she was wonderful and  she thoroughly explained all of the shots she got that day and the ones she would be getting in the future.This place is nothing short of amazing and if you're looking for a new vet  I would go to Foothills Animal Hospital in a heartbeat!
5	I love all the staff here. They really care about you and your dog. I will continue to bring my dog and future dogs here for every problem they have. My czech german shepherd is very protective of us and they take precaution with him and take him to the back room to prevent any of that. My dog a couple months ago was at the vet for some minor limping, then took him back the next month because he was still having the problem. They gave me an xray and sedative quote incase I needed to have it done, and even called to check and see how he was doing. =) THANK YOU! I trust all the vets this is a great establishment. I do not prefer one vet over the other I think they are all simply amazing.
5	The staff here is wonderful, and has been for as long as I can remember.  My husband's parents have been taking their pets here for years now, my parents took our dog there for the last ten years of his life, and now that we live in the Phoenix area, we take our cats here.  The staff is kind, efficient and clearly loves animals.  They don't try to push expensive treatments on you, and they are very compassionate- they have sent condolence cards every time a pet has passed away.  Highly recommended.
5	I've been taking my puppy to this place for over 7 months now.  I spent a lot of time researching options before choosing them and am so happy with my choice!  We typically see Dr Jennifer Johnson and she is kind, funny and smart.  We also saw Dr MacKenzie once and he was great, too.  Plus, each person on their staff, from the assistants to the front desk, has been helpful and nice.  Love everything about them :)
5	The doctors here really value the welfare of our pet. After our dog had to have surgery they watched over him an extra day just to make sure no complications arose. Best of all we had questions about a rash that developed after his surgery and they had us in that same afternoon for another free wellness checkup and he needed some topical cream to cool the rash.
1	I've been using them on and off for about 12 years.  Would never use Dr. Baumler after he wanted to put my little dog under to "surgically" remove a small bump on her toe.  I took her to another vet who said "what, this pimple?  That's what it is, you know.  You hold her and I'll pop it."  Wala.  It was healed.However, I used to be a huge fan of Dr. Mackenzie.  I must say in fairness that he immediately diagnosed a problem with one of my dogs when 11, tht's right 11 other vets could not.  However, I recently took one of my little angels there.  They were always fine with her before.  She couldn't poo for two days.  Mind you,, she was about 17 years old with incurable cancer.  She was already EXTREMELY frail and had back issues as well.  So they took her to the back.  Long story short, she could not walk after they drained her anal glands and gave her  a rectal.  Dr. Mackenzie admitted he might have been a bit rougher with her (not his tech whom I initially blamed).  Rough with a frail, old dog with back issues and cancer.  Great.  This poor baby of mine was trying her hardest to stay strong and hold onto her life and we were doing a great job together (she was on holistic herbs, etc.) until that visit.  She never recovered.  She crossed over two weeks ago, and i keep thinking how she couldn't walk her final couple of months and never regained her spirits after that.  An animal communicator I use said (also) that it was the Dr. and not the tech, and that it reminded Mimi of when she was abused as a puppy (before we got her) and it really broke her spirits.  We tried flower essences, homeopathy, I tried doing EFT with her.  She was just never the same.  I still wake up some mornings crying from the guilt of taking her in.  I can guarantee that I will NEVER allow a vet to take one of my babies into a back room, out of my sight again.  No matter how much I felt I could trust them.  It only takes one time, and obviously, you just never know.
5	I have had the pleasure of working with the veterinarians at this establishment for many years. They have always been professional and the ladies at the front desk have been friendly and hilarious.  This is a sad review to write because it deals with the passing of one of my furry friends, it was unexpected and I called them when I found her. They indicted to come down right away, they took my Lucy through the back door and me to a room (I was not at my most composed you see.) Dr Jennifer was so compassionate and kind. Her dedication and love for animals shows through in these moments. She talked to me about what happened and why. It gave my heart so much peace to have these details. I still have 2 other fur-babies and look forward to knowing their care is in  the hands of those who truly will love your pets. Dr. Jennifer is a tribute to her field. Thank you.
5	Wonderful place.  Very focused on the quality for the animal.  Highly recommend Dr Jenny Johnson.  She is excellent working with cats. Every year they just seem to get better
