5	Love Dr. Krishen, she's so great with my son who is 4 months old... She's been seeing him since he was 3 days old. He always takes her time with us and makes sure all our questions are answered. She's amazing when it comes to my sons health. I can trust her, and I love that about her! She's sweet :) id recommend her to ANYONE! My sister in law also wants to use her now after coming to an appt with me to meet her :)
1	I called to schedule an appointment to meet with the practice to see if it would be a good fit with my family.  They told me they do not do that and I can only make an appointment for my kids.  Even if they don't need anything!  A pediatricians office should meet with parents!  The receptionist was extremely rude and not helpful!
1	Wait time is horrible 45 mins to see doctor and there was no one in the lobby... told doc the list of problems with my kid and he ordered so some test, and I had to go back and pay a copay again to discuss the 1st results and then send for some more lab work to come back and pay more copay again to discuss results..
1	My daughter has been coming here since birth. She's 6 months now. It's frequent hour long waits, even when booking first appt of morning. Walking in and they don't have the appt I made booked, or when calling after hours for a nurse call, no return phone call. I've given them Atleast 5 chances to redeem themselves and am done at this appt. I stayed because we loved dr Krishen, but she is repeatedly late. My time is just as valuable as hers!!
5	My boys have been coming here since birth.  All the dr's are great. I started with Dr Rosemary Hyun. She's Asian dr. Very good. She's always so busy. You have to set up apts well in advance. As my boys got older they wanted a male dr. So I used Dr Misch which is Dr Hyun husband. Both are very caring and are always accurate on diagnosis. He also is busy. There office is 215 and Durango next to the hospital.  Unfortunately  I had moved. So now I go to the horizon ridge location. Brand new office. Big and clean. There old location was on Eastern and horizon ridge. Even tho they moved location. You still wait a long time to see the Dr. Because I moved and now I see Dr Hodap. Even though I can't stand the wait times. Your going to wait at any Dr office. I would rather wait and make sure all my questions are answered and that the dr takes the time needed for the visit. Then to have less wait time and have Dr be rushed and not accommodate my child's needs. You can't please everyone. As long as you know wait times are long. Then at least you will know what to expect. I recommend them. All the dr's are great. I did try a female Dr on Fortepache. I would get in right away but my kids and I never felt a connection with her. I always felt she wasn't accurate in her diagnoses. And you could tell she was rushing. No thank you. I would rather have a longer wait time and get good service than a quick visit any day!
4	Dr. Krishen deserves 5 stars. She is the most professional, caring, patient kind doctor I have ever met. She was my hospital doctor and taught me things no doctor could have taught me and has help me raise a healthy baby boy. She is our savior and we can always go to her for anything. My son just recently broke out with hand foot and mouth and she was on it to help me treat him and get him better. She's always been able to get the right diagnosis and help me with my sons illnesses. I am so thankful to have met her at the hospital and have her as my sons doctor.I only gave four Stars because some of the office girls are very snobby and rude. I came in the other day and the lady rudely told me because my son is sick he's going in the sick room. I have been to this office plenty of times to know where to sit.
5	My children's doctor is Kenneth Misch.  He's awesome!  And when we're here, staff is always friendly and we are seen at our appointment time with reasonable delays.
1	This was the worse experience ever. I was referred to this place fr San Martin hospital. Had a c section monday at 9pm. Called them yesterday to make an appt for today. I didn't feel well at all last night and had no sleep so I called them at 8:30am to reschedule my 9:30am appt to monday. I explained to them why. They responded with you can use the quiet room. I told them I can barely move fr my c section and im having a fever so I need to move my appt to monday for the baby. They then took my info down- as of they didn't have it already fr yesterday. Told me they would have their supervisor call me Back. First of all, I didn't just no show and no call. I called to reschedule and I'm entitled to thaf considering I did 15 hours of labor monday then ended up w a c section at 9pm. My husband is a physician 5 minutes fr their office. We do not treat our patients this way ever. The staff here are so rude and has 0 empathy. Then why even bother working at a doctor's office when you treat new moms this way? I will share my experience with everyone I know and esp my husband's colleagues. This is so ridiculous. I ended up making an appt w Siena pediatrics for monday.
5	I took my son to see Dr. Misch today. We were new patients and I have to say, I LOVE this office!! The first thing I noticed was how clean the office was which I loved. We had been to ABC Pediatrics which was filthy and I didn't have my son seen there. The front office staff was very friendly and the girl told me the doctor is very good about being on time. We were in the lobby for maybe 5 mins before being called back. The assistant who roomed my son was very friendly. The exam room was super clean. We were in there about 10 mins before the doctor came in. The doctor was so nice and good with my son! He joked with him and made the exam fun. He answered all my questions and never made me feel rushed. I was very sad when our insurance changed and we had to find a new pediatrician since my kids have had the same one since birth. However, finding such an awesome office and doctor has made it much easier on us. Our appt was at 3:20. I checked in at 3:10 and was out the door at 4:00. Very impressed!!
4	The best pediatricians. They always take their time with us and truly care about the health of our children. Just wish we didn't have to wait so long to see them.
5	Moved to NV from NC and found this practice with some help from my neighborhood friends. Went in for my daughter's 9 year appt. Dr. Misch was absolutely wonderful with my daughter. He took time to get to know her, asked her questions and made her feel so comfortable. I could not have asked for any better care.
1	First impression 1 star because they called to kindly confirm my appointment then immediately followed by a threat to charge me $25 if I didn't show up to my appointment. Classy place.
