5	The spring on our garage door broke on Sunday. I called Chris and he offered to come out that day so that I could get my cars out. I knew I wasn't going anywhere so I told him that Monday would be fine. Sure enough, Chris showed up when he said that he would. He put on two new springs, adjusted the opener, and lubed the hinges. Now my garage is about 75% quieter than it was. Chris did a great job! I would highly recommend him.
5	You can really tell that the owner of this business is most concerned about his work and customer care.  I phoned Chris about a cracking door and he came out to look at it that day and had it repaired in two days.  He would have done it the very next day but I was not available.  He even delayed his vacation so he could fix my door before he left.  I will always use Certified Garage doors for all my garage door needs.
5	I was very impressed with Chris's service. When I spoke with him on the phone, he listened to what the problem was, asked follow-up questions and booked an appointment for the same day. He replaced the part very quickly and also adjusted the door and lubricated it even though that was not related to the part that needed to be replaced.  He clearly cares about customer service, has great rates and is very friendly and professional. I will use him again if need and will also recommend him to my friends.
5	Very, very pleased with the service. My garage door springs broke in the morning and Chris was on-site the same day. Not only did he replace the springs, but he gave the entire door a tuneup and lube- it hasn't operated this quietly since it was new. He also showed me how to maintain the door myself. I got a lot more than I expected at a price that was more than fair. Would definitely use CG again!
5	Once you work with Chris, you can tell that he is actually very passionate about garage doors and proud of what he does.  You seldom see service providers like that.  The fee was reasonable, and he gave me some really useful advice on how to take care of my garage door and what to expect as it ages.  I highly highly recommend this company.
1	Very unhappy/dissatisfied with the service. Apparently Chris is no longer the owner of this business and I did not realize that when I got them to put in a new unit. The unit did not work with any of our 3 "homelink" systems on our cars. I called back the same day and was told they would replace the unit with an older model that would work with our homelinks. I was given a day and time when they would do that. I got a call 30 mins before that time and was told that they will not honor the prior commitment and they cannot change out the motor. Guess Chris took the good service with him.....
4	Wayne Marmon was super helpful with our garage door repair. We had a broken spring and he was very honest about the current condition of the door, what needed to be done to fix it, and gave a very reasonable price for parts and labor. He quoted me 1 to 1 1/2 hours to fix and was done within one hour, on the dot. He showed up right when we had scheduled--a huge deal for me since so many contractors have a hard time with that.I highly recommend Wayne and Certified Garage Doors. They know their stuff.
5	These guys are awesome!  Wayne was here within the hour, very professional, knowledgeable ... told us exactly what we needed ... didn't try to upsell.  The garage door is as good as new now.  Very impressed ... would highly recommend!
5	Certified Garage Doors came out to my house on a Sunday..did a great job repairing my garage door and only charged me a service call fee. Just awesome would recommed them to anyone!
