5	First time here. Came with 3 co-workers and everyone including me loved the food. Fraser salads, chicken bacon ranch, and a Philly cheesesteak all got great reviews. Friendly staff and great location.
2	This place is not bad for a quick lunch and the interior is nicely designed. The staff were friendly and the food came out fast. However, the food quality was a little below my expectations. It was not bad, just less than I expected based on price and location.
5	Great food and wonderful staff. I ordered the chicken parm sandwich and salad lunch special for 4$. It was delicious and a great value.
4	First visit we ordered pizza.  Wife and kids thought it was pretty good.  I'm not a pizza fan.  At least not that type of pizza.  Second visit I ordered the meatball sandwich, Philly cheesesteak sandwich and a hamburger with cheese.Meatball sandwich.  Amazing.Philly Cheesesteak. Meh.Hamburger was a little bland but good.  Good service.
5	There are many places to get take-out/delivery in the East Valley.  There are only a handful that I use consistently....and this place is now one of them!  When I am hungry...I am H-ANGRY....and for this reason, when I order delivery, I expect fast, hot food that tastes great and can satiate the animal in my gut before I smash the fridge!We have ordered from Zella's multiple times.  Each time, the food was delivered quickly and came to our door hot, which on its own, definitely isn't worth 5 stars because these are things you expect from a delivery place, especially when you live a mile away.What sets Zella's apart is the quality of the food.  We have ordered multiple items  and below is a breakdown:Baked Fries:  ORDER THESE!  It doesn't matter what kind...all are MIND NUMBINGLY GOOD. We have tried several and they come SUPER hot, and covered in sauce/toppings/cheese etc.  This place has some magical way of baking the fries so that most of the fries are CRISPY.....EVEN WITH ALL THE CRAZY TOPPINGS!!!  This being said...if you are on a diet, STILL ORDER THESE.  You can do an extra mile or ten on the treadmill the next day and it is WORTH IT.Wings: Boneless or bone-in?  Either.  The bone-in come NOT breaded, just crispy and not swimming in sauce.  The hot buffalo sauce might be from out of a bottle (I honestly don't know), but who cares! The wings are not swimming in it and are not those gross, fatty, grisly kind that some places serve.  The boneless wings are breaded but actually contain meat, and not just breaded grisle.  What's more: despite being sauced, the breading is still crispy and the wings are hot! Crazy!TOASTED SUBS:  I put that in caps because they are AMAZING.  They aren't the run-though-a-toaster kind that some places offer.  They are buttered and Panini pressed or something.....again, I am not sure quite how it is done, but they come hot, crusty, buttery, and AMAZING.  Full disclosure: I even tried the veggie one.  AND IT BLEW MY MIND.  A sub without meat!?  Being amazing?! Yes.  Somehow....even their veggie toasted sub is amazing.Pizza:  Their pizza is pretty good.  To be honest, we have not tried many of the options available but it did come hot, not too saucy and the crust was crispy.  Great pizza is easy to find here in Gilbert and Zella's is definitely better than mediocre. They offer choices for crust flavorings, which seems to be the standard now for pizza places.  What stands out is the price.  It is way better pizza than what they charge so if you have a bunch of hungry kids or pizza party or something, you are better off getting this instead of the Diabetes-inducing-garbage other chains out there call pizza.....and at least you can enjoy it as an adult.Burger:  Oddly....it was REALLY good (which you do not expect from a pizza/cheesesteak place).  The patties are not exactly chargrilled (like on a home grill) but they are juicy.  They remind me of a bigger version of a fast food patty (which, if you are like me, you know you LOVE....deep down inside....but pretend not to!). They are not overly huge but not tiny either and it comes with 2 patties already.  The best part: YOU CAN ADD EXTRA PATTIES!!!!  So for instance....IF I want to, I can have my own burger-food-challenge every night in the comfort of my own home....and do it in my underwear!!!  The only downside is that the burger toppings appeared to be the same toppings they use on the pizza, but honestly...can you blame them!?  And it is not like my burger was any less awesome because of it.FRIED PICKLES:  Personally, I prefer the coins to the spears (most people do, for those that know what I am talking about!).  That being stated, let me ask you.....Have you ever had a BAD fried pickle??  I thought not.  And you won't find a bad one here.Customer Service:  I say it in every review I write:  good food is easy to find but good customer service is rare.  This place shines.  If they goof up your order, they are apologetic and do everything in their power to make it right, trust me, I know. No matter how good food is, no place is worth ordering from if they treat you like garbage.  This place does an amazing job of making its customers feel important and valued.OVERALL:  Delivery was fast and food came hot.  The price is extremely fair for how good the food is.  Customer service is exceptional, though that is not to say there have not been a few bumps in our order history, but they have been resolved straight away.  All food we have ordered has been exceptional and better than what they charge for it. BOTTOM LINE:  It has something for everyone. The potential to create a GIANT burger will appease the meat lovers.  Vegetarians can love the veggie options (which are ACTUALLY YUMMY!).  Pizza lovers will enjoy the ability to create a delicious pizza that doesn't taste like plastic and NOT break the bank.  Those of you on a diet....you shout STOP dieting and just eat at this place anyway.
2	food is decent but the wait time for two slices of pizza is obscene. they need to keep some basic slices pre-made during lunch at least, because the food is not so great to be worth a 20 minute wait. menu is varied but I feel like they might be overextending themselves at the expense of the quality of service.
4	Hands down the best "5" dollar pizza out there! I loved everything from the sauce and cheese (which was the perfect amount) to the flavored crust they offer. The pizza deserves 5 stars but I had to give 4 stars because they charged 75 cents for a little container of ranch. Definitely not worth that and I need my ranch with my pizza so... If they can either lower the price of ranch or make the containers a little bigger, they easily get 5 stars!
4	Good service and above average bargain pizza. The philli cheese steak was quite good.  Very family friendly.
4	Pretty good! Just moved to the area recently and it's nice to know there is a decent place that delivers near by. I ordered the provolone philly cheese steak, a caesar salad, and Greek fries. My boyfriend ordered the pepper Philly cheese steak. All combined we paid $40 with tip. The Greek fries were yummy but a little overwhelming with all the other strong flavors I was eating. I recommend not pouring the entire container of Greek dressing on them. It made them soggy and too strong. The Caesar salad was very basic. It was fine, but next time I'll try a different salad. My Philly (provolone Philly) was pretty good. Next time I think I'll try Zella's original Philly. I liked that the bread didn't get soggy and the ratios of ingredients were in balance.
3	Pros: Hot, flavorful, and not drenched in oil.Cons: Forgetful orders, skimpy toppings. I'm going to be frank: I'm a pizza snob. I love only my husband and cats more than I love pizza, and some days, it's a three-way draw. Zella's pizza simply doesn't live up to the standards of a timelessly good pizza. Very thin, flavorless crust (needs more salt, guys), but doughy and chewy, the way crust should be. Almost no sauce, and--other than pepperoni--my Hawaiian pizza had very few other toppings (and considering I paid an extra 1.50, I kinda hoped to have more than just 10 pepperoncini slices). It satisfied my pizza craving, but I can't say I'll order a pie from them again. However, these garlic breadsticks! Sweet six pound, eight ounce baby Jesus, these garlic breadsticks are enough to make me go back. Four bucks for twenty chewy, rich, warm, actually-covered-in-garlic-and-butter sticks? Nailed it, Zella's. You've got my business there.
5	Picked up a pizza and baked fries for take out and it was amazing!!!! I would recommend this place hands down. I will be back for sure!!!
