5	I used to live in South Charlotte and Carowinds was a 15 minute drive.  Getting a seasons pass was well worth it.  Especially the summer I spent working from home.  In afternoons I would get my daughter and her friend to head over the the park.  We could spend a couple of hours riding every roller coaster.  In many cases we could get off the coaster and then get right back on for another ride.  Of course their was always a line for newest rollercoaster.The water and the amusement park are combined so bring you bathing suit and cool down on one of the slides.I have not been back since the new company took over last year.
4	Fun for the kid and for the kid in you, you're just a big kid after all, right? You can eat a happy meal and regress and ride a kiddie ride and puke. It will be 100 degrees out, you will forget sunscreen, it will be torturous. You will wait in lines. It will be worth it only if you're on magic mushrooms. I fully endorse that.
4	I will admit it is no Six Flags or Universal Studios, but it is all we've got.  It is a great place to go to during the summer with your family, even if you are fearful of roller coasters.  There is a great water park with slides and a lazy river.  Everything here is overpriced; that is expected, because they have got you trapped inside.  I usually bring some sandwiches and bottled water, and they do allow this.  Drop Zone is probably my favorite ride in the park; it makes your heart come out of your throat.  The bungee jump costs a little dough, but it is quite an adrenaline rush as well.  Go during the week; the lines are shorter and there are less drunken rednecks sweating over your shoulders.
4	I'm not a huge fan of theme parks in general, but it is nice having one close by. My sister, who has a four-year-old daughter, visited a few months ago, and we took my little niecelet to Carowinds. She enjoyed the Nickelodeon-themed rides, especially the Dora the Explorer train. (It's totally lame for grown-ups, but she had a good time. My sister and I rolled our eyes while she shouted, "Estrellas!" because Dora told her to find all the stars.)The food was expensive and soggy, like amusement park is meant to be, and there are lots of places for kids to freak out because they want their parents to buy stuff...it was just what you'd expect for a theme park experience with a four-year-old in tow...kind of annoying, kind of cute, and certainly memorable.The best part of the whole adventure for my sister and I was talking the niece into going on the log flume ride. She was nervous that it would go fast and that she might get wet, and we assured her that it would, indeed go fast and that she would, indeed get wet...but that we'd make sure she was safe in between the two of us. I sat in the front on our log, and my niece cuddled in between my sister and I. She liked the ride until we got the the freaky last hill with the steep, gut-wrenching drop. She got off crying and actually said, "My mama scared the piss out of me!" when she related the whole experience to her father on the phone. It was probably mean, but my sister and I laughed and laughed at her mortified little face. It was so funny, we couldn't even teach her not to curse. Good times with family fun. Hah!
2	Maybe I'm spoiled, but coming from Orlando to Charlotte, going to Carowinds was an eye-opener for me.  It made me remember just how much care is put into theme parks by Disney and Universal.   They don't put a lot of effort into theming, landscaping, or guest service at Carowinds, but they do throw some rides your way.  As rides go, the rides are okay here at Carowinds, somewhere between a carnival and the theme parks in Orlando.  The old wooden Hurler roller coaster didn't make me want to hurl, but it did make me wish I was wearing a crash helmet.  My head felt like a martini -- shaken and stirred.  Some of the other rides felt like rides I used to go on as a kid; they haven't been updated.  As for their food options, they're not great.  We waited awhile for below average theme park fare.  And don't even get me started with the guy who wanted to run off with our credit card to ask his manager something when we wanted to buy a soda.  That was 15 minutes of my life that I'd like back.  What does Carowinds have going for it?  Its proximity to Charlotte and an option for something to do for a day during the summer.  Other than that, save your money and go to Orlando.
2	Some of the rides here are quite carnival-ish. However, there are some good ones like "The Borg". The food sucks and is WAY overpriced as is the souvenirs. The park constantly smells like garbage and on a hot summer day when you've been waiting in line for a good hour it's not a pleasant experience to bask in the stench of garbage mingled with the patrons sweat. I would probably tolerate this park much better if I didn't have to smell that. It's great for kids if you don't mind spending all of your time surrounded by other's crying/screaming kids in kiddy-land or in the over-rated water park. Speaking of the water park - why is inevitable that when you finally get up to the top of the slide something breaks? This park always has something breaking mid-ride. There have been tales of people stuck on top of the Drop Zone for hours- not sure how true that is.
3	You have to appreciate Carowinds for what it is - a regional theme park.  To correct those who have mentioned otherwise, Cedar Fair has now owned the Paramount Parks for three years, and they actually continue to get more affordable each year.  When Paramount owned the parks, season passes didn't include Scarowinds, while they now do.  Cedar Fair just put in a new coaster - the first in a few years.  So the parking lot has weeds?  Deal with it.  If you buy a season pass, you aren't paying for parking anyway, and ideally you aren't paying for overpriced food anyway.  Eat before you go, or after you leave.  Go for the rides, not the food.One of the best items in the park is actually the water park, where you can even pack a bag that you can use to carry in your towels.  Inside that you can include some small food items such as a lunch or some snacks, and then you don't have to buy anything.  Talk about a deal.While the lines on the rides can be long, and the price is high if you go every day, if you buy a season pass, you make up the entrance cost after two visits, and you also get free parking and the aforementioned admission to Scarowinds.  All without having to go to Orlando.  It's not the same thing by a long shot - but it's a whole lot closer, too.Want something else?  Try the Great Wolf lodge for an alternative.  For ten times the price you'll get a newer room and a water park shared only by other residents.  But you'll pay for it!
5	I haven't been to Carowinds in years.  We went once as a family day trip and a few times in school.  My favorite part was the guess your mph pitch game.  We couldn't care less if we won a prize (we never did) we just wanted to see how fast we could throw.  I guess around twelve yrs old we threw in the forty mph range.  AND WE FELT LIKE GODS.  Right next door was the ice cream sundae stand where you could get your dessert in a mini baseball batting hemet.  I still have all those helmets.  O there were the rides.  Back then the Carolina Cyclone was the new coaster with a loop and two corkscrews.  White lightening was a simple one loop and up a hill and then again backwards.  I always liked the swings.  Maybe because it was beside the ice cream sundae stand.  They had Rip Roaring Rapids which was a little float going down a little river with water splashing everywhere.  And for some reason we waited 2 hours to ride this each time.  Im sure none of these rides exist anymore but back in the day it was great.  Me and chickie ended up living a couple of miles from Carowinds a few years ago but had no desire to visit.
4	Nice park. Good selection of coasters. Plenty of shade and fans. The map was hard to navigate though. A couple rides went down during the day. 3g was tricky to pick up in the park. All in all... A pretty good day. I prefer kings island or cedar point, but this was still a lot of fun.
4	Carowinds straddles the border of North and South Carolina and is an all-day drive from the DC area, but it was well worth the trip.I visited the park on the 4th of July weekend and despite the fact that there were lots of people there, it didn't feel like the park was overly crowded.  Most of the rides only took about 15-20 minutes to board, with the exception of Nighthawk.There are plenty of coasters to ride, but there's also a number of more sedate rides and kiddie rides as well to balance it out for those who are not into flying all over the place.  I didn't try the on-site water park this time around but that is on my list for next time.This is another park that has cubbies to store your stuff when you go on the ride, and they didn't object to me carrying a Camelbak into the park, so I was able to just drink my water all day.  If you want to eat at the park, you have a variety of choices, including a few chain restaurants such as Chik-Fil-A and Panda Express, along with the usual pizza and burger joints.  There is also an all-you-can-eat lunch with a different menu each day of the week for about $15 a person.  However, if you want to save some cash, pack a lunch in the cooler and step out to your car to eat.The one issue I do have with Carowinds is that there is only one real road to leave the park.  All traffic from all parking lots merge onto a two-lane road, so it can become a major headache when trying to leave towards the end of the day when everyone else is trying to leave.  I stayed at the park to watch their 4th of July fireworks and it took about 90 minutes before I could even leave the parking lot, and that was only after they opened up the employee access road to let people leave.  I hope this can be fixed in the future.The roller coasters worth riding are Afterburn (a personal favorite), Carolina Cyclone, Thunder Road, and Nighthawk (if you're willing to wait).  Carolina Goldrusher is good for those who are not into high thrill coasters.  Vortex is also fun, but guys be warned, it is a stand-up coaster and the bottom part of the restraint is not so fun on the groin.  The Rugrats Runaway Reptar, Fairly Odd Coaster, and Ricochet are more for the kids.  If you're going to do Carolina Cobra, do it when the park opens because by design, there is only one car, so it will take longer than most other coasters that have 2-3 cars.
4	Carowinds is a theme park located on the SC/NC border, inside the Charlotte Metropolitan Area.  If you have been to a Disney theme park, you'll notice differences here, some good, some bad.  For one thing, admission price is $40 at the park entrance, $35 for advance online tickets, and only $19.95 for kids.  Inside the park,  you'll notice that you're not being ripped off as much as Disney.  Want to lock up your belongings while you ride?  It's free.   The park is clean, and employees friendly.  There are several great rides; wooden coasters, inverted coasters, water rides, and even a water park inside.  But, you'll notice that the atmosphere is not as spectacular as Disney, there are no special effects along the rides, just coasters riding along a track.When arriving , you'll be tempted to jump into the large line for the Borg Assimilator roller coaster at the park entrance. However, this line seems to be 45 minutes to an hour wait, while many other coasters are 15 minutes or less.  On my first trip, I rode all of the other coasters until I was nauseous.  During late October, Carowinds hosts "Scarowinds."  In addition to riding the coasters at night, "Scarowinds"  adds haunted houses, smoke effects, and hundreds of scary characters walking around the park at night, trying to scare you.  This is pretty entertaining, but only lasts 5 hours in its entirety.  I rode only 2 rides during my Scarowinds trip here because the lines were extremely long.  In all, it's a great park, and well worth the admission price.
5	A liked this park a lot.  It was like Great America meets water world., but actually, great america has a water park now too.  So its like great america.  Some rides however, we dont have!  They have rollercoasters that get you wet!!  not the ones that little kids can ride too, but the ones that you have to be at least 5ft tall, and its up 60ft up in the air kinda rides.  The scary ones!  It was really exciting when other Asians saw us and we thought the same thing, "there are others like us here!" rarity. It was so hot, i think i spent all my money on drinks.
3	Before I begin, note that i'm not an amusement park kind of person, but I've been known to enjoy some types of parks such as Seaworld.The positive is that Carowinds has lots of parking, a wide array of roller coasters for the lovers and the haters, and the seasonal events (Make-A-Wish day, Scarowinds and the Waterpark) are fun and offer special extras to get your money's worth. The park is reasonably clean, yet it still stinks (see the negative below). The park also caters well to children with the Nickelodeon theme park (I am 15 and still enjoy the Nick Coasters) and good music.The negative is that it's employees aren't very accommodating, and it's almost always over-crowded, smelly, and expensive. The employees at rides are usually not interested in taking care of your bags or saying hello and seem to not enjoy their jobs at all. Pretty much every ride will require a average of a 20 minute wait-on a good day...I guess not bad if you compare to Disney World. Carowinds also has a permanent smell of hot fast food decaying on the pavement and it's pretty much impossible to escape. it is also pretty expensive-not only the ticket in, but at the gift shops and the various games (the games require extra money to play, usually 5-15$). All in all, Carowinds is a decent theme park with great roller coasters and bearable surroundings. If you spend the whole day there and enjoy the roller coasters, you are probably getting your money's worth and will probably have a good experience.
4	I am typically not a fan of big amusement parks.  My bride & I got 4 free tickets to go here so we said "Why not" and we checked it out.  There's a roller coaster where you walk in that has a "jet" theme to it and my bride convinced me, against my better judgment, to take a ride on the thing.  Hang on to your hat folks - when the bottom dropped out from under my feet, my heart rose up in my throat and we took off as though we were being jettisoned off the end of an aircraft carrier.  My bride loves these types of things and if it makes her happy - well you know how it goes about momma being happy.  The park was clean - it was friendly toward kids and the wait for the rides didn't seem to be an all day affair.  We must've picked the right weekend to go because, while we certainly didn't have the park to ourselves, we did get to experience everything in a very reasonable period of time.Another interesting feature is crossing the state line while in the park - it was pretty neat to be in both states at once (one foot in one, and the other foot in the other) and show my little girl how she could be in two states at the same time.
3	My older kids loved it. They got their money's worth, I have no doubt. They rode non-stop, all day, through the rain and blanket of heat; waits on big-ticket rides were minimal (10-20 minutes max) compared to other amusement parks. I, on the other hand, NOT a roller-coaster lover (I'd like my stomach to be inside my body, thank you), wished they had a chaperone discount. I rode many, many Snoopy-themed rides with my youngest from 10 to 6. That's EIGHT FREAKIN' HOURS.That said, it was pretty painless and a whole day of fun for the fam. Worth gold, on some vacations.Food -- expensive. Best values for us were at Panda Express and at Chick-fil-a. I know a friend who does the day with the bottomless bucket of popcorn and the refillable cokes, but it wasn't going to work for us.I totally recommend paying for your tickets online. There's an unmentioned $2 charge for the online purchase (not per ticket), but you can print out tickets plus parking pass all at once. We got an online discount which saved us a bundle from the full admission price.
4	This review is mostly of the water park...We were there yesterday nice and early!! By the end of the day this place turned crazy!! Sooo many people were there!! We got there by 10 or earlier and walked around in the kids area so my nephews could go on some rides before we headed over to the water park. At this point it was still pretty quite and nice!! We went over to the water park area a little before 11 to wait to get in, we walked over and the line was short but getting longer. We had decided we were going to get a cabana over in the Wave Pool area so we can leave our stuff and the kids could go and relax if need be. It was only $54 to rent it out for the day, Perfect!! The Wave Pool was so nice an quiet for a while, but I'm not sure what happened because all of a sudden it was a mad house!!! So crazy how many people were in there! The lifeguards had lost complete control at this point, life jackets were just floating around in the water, kids weren't even using them anymore, someone's hair extension floated by my sister (gross) it became complete chaos!! Thankfully we got there nice and early so the kids could do things like the water slides without much of a wait and even to get on the lazy river we waited a few minutes but nothing like we would have if we were there later in the day!! We had grabbed 4 lounge chairs in the front of the wave pool so we could lay out and relax it was a great option to have those or go sit in the Cabana. Again the Cabana would be good if you had an elderly person with you because it has a TV in it so they too could relax instead of having to just sit there!!They're is PLENTY of people watching going on and all in all we had a great day we were there for almost 7 hours so we were all tired and let's say some got a little sunburned....me :(
5	my first time at this theme park i was probably about 12 and i had the best time, i've been back since then and still had a great time! its just like six flags, has great rides, games, food and entertainment. there's lots of parking and its a great place to spend the day with the family and or friends. the water park is fun too! there's something for everyone to do and this is in my neighborhood. literally right down the street from my house so in the summer time i can entertain guests by taking them here.
2	This definitely isn't one of my favorite amusement parks.  I'm not a fan of the layout of the park, the admission price is too high, the coasters really are pretty wimpy overall, and let's face it - it's just too freakin' hot in Charlotte in the middle of summer.The good news is that there are rarely the lengthy lines that you see at a lot of other parks, and that's about where the good news ends.  It isn't the worst amusement park in the world, and I had fun on my first and only visit, but I know there's much, much better out there.  I certainly wouldn't make another trip.
5	This is one of my top Cedar Fair parks! And I'm from Ohio where I'm a regular at Cedar Point and Kings Island!!I go here on opening day every year, and it's the best opening day of any park I've ever gone to. The staff is friendly, nice, and not put-offish. They're security is amazing! They don't have the "running of the bulls" like other parks have when they open. Even when they open the parking lot up, they make sure you're in a nice orderly line to get in. MUCH appreciated!It's family friendly, while still having some awesome thrill rides! AfterBurn is my personal all time favorite coaster... ever. They really take care of their rides, and retrack them when needed. Hurler is getting a much needed overhaul and I can't wait to hope to see it smoothed out a little bit more. Pack a picnic lunch and eat out in the parking lot under the shade trees. Great way to save money! The park is situated right smack on the North and South Carolina border. In fact their racing coasters sit on the state line as well, adding a kind of cool factor to the place. True this place doesn't have near the crazy awesome thrill factor as say Cedar Point, and its not near as big as Disney or Busch, but its a great simple, little-bit-of-everything type of park. And that's what makes it awesome!
4	I guess you can call me a big kid, because I never get tired of Carowinds. I went about six times last season without a season pass. I smartened up this year and not only bought a gold season pass, but a PLATNIUM season pass....that's right folks. I plan on taking my love for amusement parks on the road this year and will be going to a few Cedar Fair parks for FREE. Have friends/family in Richmond, so will have to go to Kings Dominion, NYC native, so will have to check out  Dorney Park, and friends in the Cleveland area, so will certainly have to check out Cedar Point. The review is about Carowinds, right? Sorry, got a little sidetracked.They do a really good job with being able to fit so many rides for a park that's not really that big (about 122 acres....most parks are about 300+ acres). With the addition of the Intimidator last season, Carowinds can be considered a legit player in the amusement park world, especially in the Southeast. They have a wide array of different roller coasters.....inverted (Afterburn), Flying (Nighthawk), Hyper (Intimidator), Standing (Vortex), Boomerang (Carolina Cobra), Wooden (Thunder Road & Hurler). The Carolina Cyclone is also another cool coaster....still runs pretty darn well to be 30+ years old. When I go to Carowinds, I usually go on Sundays, because that's when it seems to be the least crowded (people are usually in church/mass/etc. I go right around the time it opens and go through the main entrance. I like to get on Nighthawk first because the line is probably at it's lowest earlier in the day. The line gets pretty long as it gets later in the day and the wait time can be pretty crazy b/c it takes a pretty good amount of time to load and unload the trains since it has to sit up and lay down, etc. Although this is not the newest roller coaster in the park, it is still by far the most popular because of the type of coaster it is. There are only 2 others that are like it in the country (the other two being Firehawk and Batwing). After Nighthawk, that's when I get on the Intimidator. I used to be scared of my mind to ride it b/c it is pretty tall, but once you ride it, you WILL become an addict. No matter how long the lines are for this ride, the line will go fast because they have 3 trains that seat 32 passengers. I love the lapbar restraints because you can move your upper body and the feeling of raising out of my seat during airtime is AWESOME. After the first drop, the rest of the ride is a breeze (for you people that are nervous about getting on it). After Intimidator, I like to go on Afterburn, which is another awesome coaster. The lines go pretty fast on this one too....they have two trains, but it seats 32 per train as well (The Intimidator & Afterburn are made by the same designers, B&M....their coasters are known for their safety, reliability, and load capacity....they build coasters to be able to load several passengers in a short time frame). The front seat on Afterburn ride is a must. After this, I usually head towards Thunder Road, Southern Star, and make my rounds around the park. Boomerang Bay (Water Park, which is included in the admission price) in the summertime is pretty cool. I love the lazy river and the wavepool. The park is kept up pretty well and very clean.Your best bet is to get a season pass....you would be crazy not to get one. Regular admission at the gate is $51.99 and that's not including the $10.00 you had to pay to park. A gold season pass (which includes free parking and admission to SCarowinds) is only $79.99 ($69.99 if you buy 4 or more). I should be a sales rep for Carowinds the way I speak so highly of them. I guess I took away a star because during the summer months, it can be very hot waiting in lines and all of the lines don't have fans or a/c to keep you cool. Besides that, it's a pretty awesome park. "Carowinds.....The Fun and Only."
5	Fun for everyone over 46 inches!
4	Great place to cool off in the summer. Water park- coasters. What more can you ask for. Season passes are well worth the money. The only thing that I'm not pleased with is the cost of food and drinks. I recommend eating before you go.
4	In terms of amusement parks, Carowinds can definitely hold it's own. I grew up in Michigan, and thus was a regular at Cedar Point. And although I've lived in Charlotte for almost six years, last week was the first chance I got to really check out Carowinds. I was impressed; for a regional theme park, this place really has a lot going for it. My family was in town, including my four-year-old nephew, so we decided to try and deplete some of his limitless energy at Carowinds. We went on a Monday in order to miss out on the crowds. Parking was easy and we were very close to the front gate. And if you buy your passes online or at the Harris Teeter, they are cheaper and let you bypass that portion of the line, so I highly recommend checking into that. The rides were very good and the kid area was fabulous. Very shaded for the little ones and tons for them to do. I also like that the admission fee includes access to the water park. We spent a large portion of the day at the theme park and then hit up the water park before heading home. Food was good, but as expected, quite pricey. And all of the workers at the park were friendly and helpful. The only recommendation that I would make would be to open up the picnic area for those who want to bring in their own food for lunch. We brought our lunch and ended up eating it in the (air-conditioned) car as you aren't allowed to bring food into the park. Now having a large picnic area that no one is using seems like a huge waste of space to me. Either open it up to the public or bulldoze it and put in another roller coaster.
5	Carowinds is one of those places that I find difficult to review objectively.  The reason for this is that I am a Charlotte native (a rare breed), and Carowinds is the sort of institution that is just a part of the local fabric.  Growing up here, I have always gone to Carowinds; everyone has always gone to Carowinds; Carowinds has always been THERE.  This even goes back a generation: my parents were going to Carowinds when Thunder Road was the biggest ride in town.That being said, I do believe Carowinds holds its own, especially as a regional theme park.  After all, with the introduction of the Intimidator, the park has the tallest, fastest coaster in the Southeast.  That's pretty cool.  The food is overpriced (as is to be expected), and with so much human traffic throughout the day, you're bound to run into the occasional spot of ick.  But on the whole, the park is fairly clean and the staff is about as polite as you can expect a bunch of teenaged summer employees to be.I suppose that's as objective as I am going to get.  Here are thoughts on some specific rides:Intimidator: tallest, fastest, etc.  Probably my favorite coaster.  Line can get long-ish, but it moves fairly quickly.  The first ascent to is a true "wtf-why-am-I-doing-this-we're-all-gonna-die" moment followed by "WHEEEE!"Afterburner: Formerly Top Gun.  Always Top Gun to me, actually.  My second favorite: it's still a lot of fun and since Intimidator opened, the line is usually very quick.Nighthawk: Formerly the Borg.  You're suspended as though you were lying on your stomach, staring at the ground. I honestly can't decide if this one thrills me or terrifies me.  The line can be very long and slow, since the boarding process is fairly complicated.  I sometimes skip this one.Vortex: Otherwise known as the ball-cruncher.  I am too tall for this one, fortunately.Carolina Cyclone: On the old side, but those corkscrew twists are still pretty cool. If you are tall, make sure you sent in the front, or you will have shattered shins.Thunder Road: This old gal gets a bad rep for being bumpy, but I still find it pretty dang thrilling.  Perhaps because it is a wooden coaster, it *feels* incredibly fast and dangerous.  It's not as high as the Intimidator, but it feels subjectively faster to me, although I know it's not. Line is pretty short now that the shiny, metal coasters have eclipsed it in the public eye.Hurler: Another older wooden ride.  Again, I think the (hopefully untrue) impression of rickety-ness from that method of construction adds to excitement.  The deeply-banked turns are fun.Cobra: Short, lightning fast, but awesome.  A great "whew, we're done--OMG NO WE'RE NOT" moment.
5	this is one of the better theme parks.  it has some really great rides and is very family friendly.  it has the southern charm from all of its employees.  it is a fun place to stop and play for a few hour.  you can do almost everything in the park in half a day so it makes it nice if you have pass to go and just spend a few hours.  if you like theme parks this is one you need to go to.
3	Went Saturday for the first time in forever.  100 degrees felt like 120 on all that asphalt.  Thankfully they were giving water away all day because food prices are out of this world.  We did pack a cooler for lunch but ended up financing someone's retirement with an afternoon snack at Chick Fil A in the park.  There were a couple of coasters that were new to me.  The water park was too crowded to enjoy.  All in all an enjoyable day but glad to see my driveway at 130 in the morning.  Park was fun and lines werent extremely long.  Food was horrible and overpriced.  The best part of the day was watching Snoopy on Ice.  Great show and air conditioned.  Will go back in another twenty years.
4	Carowinds is the only functioning major theme park in the states of North-South Carolina. It has seen its fair share of ups and down with Paramount ownership, but has really turned the corner with Cedar Fair in charge.Located exactly off Exit 90 on I-77, Carowinds is located right on the North-South Carolina line. It is currently tied for 5th with the most roller coasters in the world with 13 various designs. In the past 3 years Carowinds has added 2 new coasters. The Intimidator (the tallest, fasted, longest coaster in the Southeast) and the Carolina Cobra. Afterburn (formerly Top Gun) and Nighthawk are also some crowd favorite steel coasters. There are also 2 wooden coasters in the Hurler and Thunder Road (a racing coaster that runs up and down the Carolinas' state line.)Tip: Theme parks always have expensive food and it is no different here. Either pack a lunch to eat outside the park, go grab a bite outside the property, or bring enough money to eat inside the park.Tip #2: Carowinds is only open during the summer (except for Scarowinds, the theme park's Halloween extravaganza.) Cedar Fair is working to remove a lot of the asphalt, but be prepared to dress 10 degrees over the day's high temperature.
3	it is not the best ride park i have been to but it is near me and a decent day trip I recommend that if you plan to go more than twice in a season get a season pass cus the pass would pay for itself. also do not go on the weekends during the summer, if you have a pass then go during the week, lines are much shorter and you can take your time. drink plenty of fulids! get a souvenior cup and figure out the cheapest place in each section to refill. in 2011 the boomerangbay huge container was around $15 but you could refill it near the kids park for less than $2!!!! a great value!
4	What a fun time at scarowinds!  You can tell they put a lot of effort into it and nothing beats being at a park at night. Only problem I had was only you couldn't find anyone selling hot chocolate and no one knew where you could. 45 degrees outside and no hot drinks for sale?  Need some work on that, but otherwise a great time.
5	OMG!! Had A Blast! Scarowind is soo fun (However I don't get scare, it was still awesome!! The people who work there ( trying to scare people) were soo friendly and funny! Gotta say, I had the best night of my life with my friends ( and scarowind buddies XD) ! Obviously I went at 6pm and left at 12 am means it was awesome! So I can't wait for next year Scarowind! Love love this theme park!!!
3	I enjoy going to Carowinds and for the money, the season's pass can't be beat. Make sure you do the correct upgrade (Platinum Pass) for free parking or you will be shelling out $10 per visit. I go mostly for the pools but the rides are fun if you don't mind dealing with underpaid, disgruntled employees running them. There's always THAT risk to think about....Biggest complaints: For $10 per car, this parking lot should be paved in gold and not look like the surface of the moon. Also, it's pretty ridiculous to have "The South Gate" closed on a busy day. Nothing like walking 2 miles just to enter the park on pavement that's hot enough to melt your shoes. There's no shade in sight wherever you park, so invest in one of those dashboard shades. (Under $10 at a local Auto Zone.)Being a Platinum Season's Pass Holder, I'm allowed to enter the waterpark 30 minutes before the peasants. You might tell me to go @#$% myself but although I'm in the waterpark 30 minutes before you, I cannot so much as even dip my toe in the kid's wading pool until precisely 11:00 when you all can enter too. The lifeguard's claim that they don't have anybody on duty until that time, yet there's a small army of them making sure I don't dip my toe in the water to check the temperature. I never see their numbers change when it's 11:00 either, so I smell a rat. At least I get a good seat before everyone else, if I want to risk leaving it unattended to go do something else in the meantime.Concession prices: TOO expensive. There's one joint that's a KFC knockoff and for about $25-$30, you can feed two whole people. There's a KFC diagonally across the street from the park and after getting my hand stamped for a same-day return visit, I can feed two whole people for under $15.Beware of groups of hoodlums in the wave pool on a hot Summer's day. The life guards are too afraid to eject them from the pool for rowdiness. Not sure of the urine content ratio per gallon of pool water, but sometimes the chlorine is a bit strong to hopefully remedy any problems. I haven't noticed any unusual rashes after swimming.Your pal,Walter
3	I went to Carowinds based on a dream.  Many months before I had seen it on Travel Channels "Bert The Conqueror."  More specifically I saw the Intimidator roller coaster.  I used to be a coaster buff and I am still a Dale Earnhardt fan.  When I saw that ride and rode it online through a POV video, I knew I had to go.  So my trip to Charlotte was planned and ten months later I was there.  Carowinds is owned, at this time, by Cedar Fair company that owns Cedar Point and Knotts Berry Farm (a park I grew up at).  So I kind of knew what to expect.  The price was good for a park with so many rides.  $39.99 is about as cheap as you will find.  There will be pleanty of Snoopy and other Peanuts characters to go around.  This is all standard for a Cedar Fair park.  And like other Cedar Fair parks, this has a bit of everything for everybody.   There are classic wooden coasters.  There are steel multi-element coasters.  Water rides.  Kiddie coasters.  An observation tower.  I think I even saw a classic dark ride.  For the price, this park is hard to beat.  For me though, it is hard to survive.My first ride on a cloudy and slightly drizzly morning was on Intimidator.  I had to ride it before I was intimidated by it.  The line was short and I was on my way up the very steep lift hill in under ten minutes.  The seats were unique first in their layout second in their design.  My feet were not touching the floor of the train.  There were no handles to hold on to.  I basically was free falling the entire ride.  It was intense but oh so fun.  It was remarkably smooth.  Insanely fast.  The air time is unmatched in my book.  I loved all three minutes of it.  Afterwards I was not so happy.  I don't deal with rides as well as I used to.  I was dizzy for a good hour.  During that hour I basically walked around the park trying to regain my composure.  All this running around made me thirsty.  I struggled though to find a drink.  Most of the food/drink stands were closed still.  I ended up with a bottle of Sprite from a machine for a handful of dollars.  A lot for 20 oz. of sugar water but expected from a park.  Once I was feeling ready again I started riding more.  I went for a trip on Thunder Road, a classic out and back racing wooden coaster.  It was a lot of fun despite being a tight squeeze for my frame.  Next up was a good classic water flume.  I was drenched.  I loved it.  I wanted to ride another wooden coaster but it was closed.  I wanted to ride a raft ride but it was closed.  I ended up at Thunder Road again where I got shaken to the core on my second ride.  This effectively ended my day.  I was only in the park for just more than two hours.  Money well spent?  Sure.  For Intimidator it was.  I have decided though that I am done with parks.  Thank you, Carowinds for saving me money and time.  Carowinds is fun.  It is a little small compared to some parks I have been to.  There is a lot for everybody.  Just not for me.  Check it out if you are in the area.  It is a unique place in that it is the only park in the nation that is in two states (NC and SC).  Some of the rides even cross that border.  Quite interesting if you are into that kind of trivia.
4	Ride the Intimidator. Some say to visit the great wall of China before you die...I say tide the Intimidator.
4	I grew up in the Columbia area and spent a fair amount of time enjoying Carowinds and everything that it had to offer.  Mind you that this was well before the time of the water park and when the "White Lightning" graced the white hot pavement.  This being said, let's get to the review.Not too long ago my wife and I elected to take ALL of my nieces and nephews to Carowinds as a very late Christmas/Birthday gift from their lame ass uncle that lives in Hawaii and never sends anything.  This was a total of 14 kids under the age of 18, and the parents of said kids ( didn't pay for them ).  This was a major CF, but we did manage to get a discount for the entire group, and I believe it came up less than $400 for all the kids, and myself.  My wife isn't a huge fan of heat or crowds, and Carowinds offers and abundance of both, she elected to sit this one out in the A/C.  Unfortunately for her, so did my dad, but it was a great time to get some serious quality time for him and her ( hahahahahahah ).Carowinds offers everything that you might expect out of an amusement park.  This place has been around forever and it's seems to have progressed with the times.  The roller coasters are absolutely fantastic, and remarkably they still have some of the old school ones still around, Goldrush and Thunder road.  Love roller coaster, but I must admit that the "Afterburner" made me a little nauseous after about the 6th ride. Oh, we went on a Tuesday and the crowds were minimal, but the heat was on full torque, so thank God for the water park, it was a chance to cool off.  NOTE:  Sunblock is a must.There is a family, young persons/toddler section, that's fantastic, and now that I again have toddlers I can assure you that I'll end up spending a fair amount of time in it.All in all and great time for all. And I'm sure at some point in the future I'll be spending another balmy summer day at Carowinds.
3	Season passes are the way to go if you are a local- two visits and you've make the season ticket price worth it!Here's are some of my roller coaster experiences:1) Windseeker- This one's new and frankly, is a little bit boring.  You get lifted in the air and it spins you around in circles till you're green.  Perfect for individuals who do not like thrill rides but wants a good view.2) Intimidator- This is my favorite ride.  The line moves fairly fast on a semi-busy day and the ride is pure engineering genius!3) Nighthawk- I would probably like this ride more if the lines moved a little faster.  Since you'll be on your back for the entire ride, the loading process seems to take awhile.  We waited in line for an hour.  Definitely fun, but not quite worth the wait time.4) Vortex- ouch!  Make sure your seat is at a comfortable level before you execute.  Having the seat a tad too high would leave you with some permanent damage!Be sure to pack your own water and sunscreen.  They charge you an arm and leg for food (and just about everything else including parking).  Have fun!
3	BUYER BEWARE UPDATE!Parking is now an astronomical $12 per day! Your car should be washed and vacuumed while you're in the park at those prices!Invest in a season's pass if you plan on return visits!Your pal,Walter
3	I've long been a fan of amusement parks and grew up spending hot summer days at Six Flags, Dorney Park and Hershey Park in the northeast. Some friends from up there came down for the weekend and we decided to check out Carowinds. I know what to expect from these places...ridiculously high prices for a day of exhilarating thrill rides. Carowinds rides definitely deliver the thrills, but it falls victim to the same issues to plague most amusement parks.Like the other theme parks out there, it's expensive to visit the place. Admission will cost you $45 (as long as you buy on their website...otherwise its $55 at the gate) unless you are frugal like me and opt to enter the park after 4pm, when the price drops to $25 online/ $30 at the gate. Throw in the $12 parking fee and you're dropping some serious dough before even entering the park. Once inside expect the high prices to continue, as you will be spending a crudload of money on food, drinks and other junk. We decided to eat dinner there and spent $23 on a chicken sandwich, turkey burger, side salad and small drink. Not only is the price high itself, but the quality of the food and service do nothing to warrant the price. It's hard to plan a day at the park without purchasing at least one meal there, so it is a necessary evil. Unfortunately it is a tasteless, inconvenient, rude and expensive evil.Now on to the park. I will say that Carowinds is one of the cleaner parks I've been to, and the bathrooms tended to be pretty well-maintained as well. The ride operators were slightly more friendly than the other service employees, but I suppose that running a roller coaster is more fun than standing in a booth selling parking tickets. There is a decent selection of rides, though I did find that there were more higher-end thrill rides than moderate rides. If you like roller coasters than this will be a divine experience for you, as their coaster selection is pretty top-notch. Vortex was the first "standing" coaster I've been on and it was quite a unique experience, and the Intimidator was one of the fastest coasters I've ever been on. Unfortunately the miss' cannot handle the coasters like she used to and there were less rides she could go on than what other similar parks will offer. Would I go back to Carowinds again? Probably, but definitely not with just my wife and I. If other friends or family came to town at some point and I knew they were into these kinds of rides I'd be willing to shell out the cash to visit again, but I am in no rush to return. The coasters are definitely a lot of fun but the price of admission will stop me from going back any time soon.
4	Great park for family fun. They even host music festivals there which is fantastic. Something for everyone for sure!
3	My Daughter took me to Carowinds for Fathers Day, and wow did it bring back some memories! The last time I was at Carowinds she was 9 months old, and now, she's 23!Lets go back in history for a moment. When Carowinds opened in 1973, It was owned and operated by Duke Power, which is now Duke Energy. All employees and family members got in for free. My Dad, being a Duke employee, I used to get into Carowinds for free. Thats right, free! I think parking was only $3.00 As Duke Power sold off it's share of the park, employees and family still got in for a greatly reduced rate. My wife and I spent many a Saturday date night here!Fast forward to today. Now tickets are $45 online, $55 at the gate plus tax and $12 for parking! My daughter got a seasons pass in early May when they offered them at a discount, which includes unlimited entrance to the park , free parking and days where you can bring friends and they pay only $20 for a ticket, which is the best deal if you go there often. They also offer many other  pass and ticket options, which adds to the price, up to almost $180!Ok, back to Father's Day- The park was crowded, but not what we expected. With partly cloudy skies, it was'nt to hot, and the water rides helped with that. Lines for rides were not bad. Most people seemed to have brought their manners with them as well. My Daughter got me on the new Windseeker and one extreme coaster plus many other rides. The 3D Sponge Bob motion ride was cool too, but I enjoyed the water rides the best. Food and drinks inside the park are uber expensive, so do what we and a lot of others did, pack a picnic, have you hand stamped and go to your car and tailgate. Just remember you can only have one re-admission during the day.The park had really changed from my last visit-There was those carinval style games every where tryring to get even deeper into your wallet. Even after paying the high ticket and parking prices there is so much that cost extra you could easily drop another $100 or more inside the park depending on your family size.Over all, I had a great day with my Daughter, and if she invited me to go with her again, I would, but would my wife and I spend a $120 for two tickets, tax and parking to visit Carowinds?? Nope, we would take that money and head to Myrtle Beach instead.
2	I've been to quite a few amusement parks...and this was by far the worst.I purchased my tickets, dining plan and parking ticket online thinking it would be the best way to go. We had no problems using our admission ticket or parking ticket. They actually eliminated a lot of waiting time.When we got into the park we grabbed a park map and got moving. This park is set up so strange. The map didn't even help. There was no rhyme or reason to where things are located. The rides were decent, bring Advil and a neck brace...you will need them after going on the coasters...Here's all the negatives:- Lines: No wait times are displaced. The "rat cages" are not big enough to accommodate the lines, leaving people hanging out in the "roads." It's just one big cluster f*ck.- Dining Plan: We purchased this for $15.99 thinking we were going to save money. We had no problem using the passes for our meal...we each got a burger or sandwich, drink and fries. The snack was another problem. Even though it says "restriction may apply" we were very disappointed in the signage letting us know what's allowed. You CAN get Dipping Dots...but only at a certain cart. Try finding that cart...I dare you. No one ended up with the snack they wanted, we wandered around the parking trying to find places we could use it. It turned out to be a bigger pain than anything. SKIP THIS.- Workers: Rude, rude, rude. I only encountered ONE nice worker that day. Take a hint from Disney...those people actually seem to enjoy their jobs.- 3D glasses: They make you pay for parking, food and tickets....and now they want $1 for 3D glasses. ARE YOU KIDDING ME??This was supposed to be a fun family day and it turned into a bigger headache than anything. We will not be returning.
5	all i can say is you must go!!! it's amazing, fun, and a experience you won't forget. remember to buy a funnel cake, strawberry that is. the  tickets are reasonable but so worth it. carowinds is amazing, go check it out.
1	Don't buy your tickets online! In fact, don't buy them at the gate either. Just stay away or you'd be greeted outside the gate of Carowinds by an evil blonde witch who somehow became a manager. Even proof of purchase isn't enough to prove that you brought the tickets, so you have to buy new tickets in front of her hideous face, just so you'll be able to enter and reenter (if you decide to leave the park and return later that same day). Staffs are disrespectful and don't want to help at all. Getting in cost an arm and a kidney. Drinks and food cost the rest of your other important body parts. Lines are short and fast because the place is near empty. Most we had to wait was 10 minutes.Even so...Avoid! Go to Wet n' Wild Emerald Pointe Water Park instead!
4	Saw this place from the highway quite a few times and figured that it's location in Charlotte would mean that it is Busch League.  I was pleasantly surprised that it is actually a pretty legit theme park.It is owned by Cedar Fair, which is good news since I went to Cedar Point in Sandusky, OH and it is the best, some of that has rubbed off here because they have a good selection of quality coasters.We went for Scarowinds (Halloween themed) and it was reasonably priced.  Of course parking and any food or drink in the park are ridiculously priced.The lines when we went were OK and vary between a few minutes for an old wooden coaster later at night and a long time for The Intimidator (worth the wait).All in all a pleasant surprise and worth a trip if you can find a good deal.
4	I went to Carowinds this past weekend and was surprised as to how few people were there. Maybe families shied away because of the heat, but I definitely enjoyed the shorter lines. The park seemed cleaner than I remembered it being a few years back and all of my interactions with the workers were pleasant. I am always thankful for the free cups of water. My only complaint is that there is little to no shade in the entire park.
4	Carowinds made the me I thought I left back in my coaster freak days very, very happy. They have versions of all my favorite styles of ride (Inverted, flyer, standing, forward/backward, hypercoaster, and so on) with the cleanliness and attitude I expect from a Cedar Fair park. There is something for you here no matter what type of coaster you like. Thrill seekers, be excited!Look, i know it's hot in the summer in the carolinas but let me tell you, those lines moved pretty darn fast, particularly for rides with complicated check processes. The practical walk-on i had at The Intimidator 20 minutes after open in July blew me away. Food was, as is to be expected, pricey; but not offensively so and if you hit the photo booth at the exit of The Cobra you can get 4 bottles of water for $10. Drink up.As for me, it seems I found that coaster freak again after all. Catch you in the Carowinds ride lines.
4	We were there the week of the big heat wave hitting the east coast at the end of July 2011. On our way home from our week long trip from Orlando we decided to stop in NC and visit Carowinds. Very glad we did. I would have to say the kids enjoyed the day we spent at Carowinds as much (if not more) than our trip to the Magic Kingdom. It was a work day, so the park was not very crowded, lines were very short for rides and the place to be that day was the water park...and still the crowds were minimal. Compared to the the Magic Kingdom which is inundated with tour groups. We felt more relaxed here...didn't feel like we were having to step over people and race to get to the next ride before the mob of tour groups.
3	In comparison to other theme parks around the world, Carowinds wouldn't rank very high.Most of the rollercoasters seemed to stop way too short to actually get any enjoyment from them.
5	Maybe I love Carowinds simply because it's the closest theme park to me. This is my first time living so close to an amusement park actually. Everytime I come here, the little kid inside me comes out and play. The coasters are awesome and worth the wait. I suggest going during the weekday when the park first opens up. Most rides have very little to no wait. Boomerang Bay is great too. My advice: be prepared to get a wedgie on the black body tube slide.
4	Charlotte wouldn't be Charlotte without Carowinds. Many of the buildings and games have been there quite a long time. Now owned by Cedar Fair, they have added their quality touches to the place, bringing it inline with other regional and national theme parks.As others have said, yes the parking is expensive. Yes, the food is expensive. Go to Busch Gardens, and Cedar Point and you will have the same experience.But for entertainment, there are plenty of rides (and plenty of styles), live shows, and numerous pay-per-play midway games. There is also a concert venue, normally hosting Christian bands if that's your thing. One of the biggest attractions, though is Scarowinds at Halloween, a park-wide haunted trail for which they strengthen their workforce with several dozen seasonal actors to scare you throughout the night.Also like others have said, if you're local, get a season pass. It's paid for itself after two visits and the rest of the season is free. Upgraded passes also include Scarowinds, priority seating on popular rides, or admission to other Cedar Fair parks around the country if you travel.Maybe because I'm a native to the area, but I can't imagine summer without Carowinds.
5	Awesome rides!!!!! Both children and adults rides were terrific! We went on a Friday and there were no lines! What more can you ask for?
5	Best family theme park in the south!We took the whole family to Carowinds for Labor Day weekend and will be reliving the fun memories for years to come. I grew up in SC and went to Carowinds a lot as a kid, and now living in Orlando it's hard to beat the Disney parks, but revisiting this childhood dream brought it all back.We bought two-day passes at the gate (it's only an extra $5 to go a second day) for a big group of 3 adults, 2 teens and 3 little kids. Our strategy was to do all the rides on Day 1, and spend Day 2 in the water park. Carowinds has so many rides, everybody in the family got to do what they wanted. The little kid rides (aka "Snoopy land" to us) was amazing and had some of my favorite rides, including the spinning pirate ships & the gliders that you pilot on your own.The only downside to Carowinds is that the food is expensive inside the park and they have almost no vegetarian options, but no worries - there's a Bojangles just outside of the park. We saw a bunch of families tailgating in the parking lot so we took a break on Day 2 to grab a couple buckets of chicken & side dishes, and had a fun little picnic in the shade in the parking lot. I also recommend the McDonalds outside of the park for a quick cheap meal or ice cream.My best advice for kids: MEASURE THEIR HEIGHT ahead of time because the ride operators are very strict about 42 inches vs. 44 inches, etc. and we saw a bunch of little kids cry that they couldn't ride the Rip Roarin' Rapids at the last minute. Also recommend getting the refillable cups - it's a good value if you're there for two days, and they will refill with ice water for free.Hope your family has as much fun at Carowinds as we did!
2	As a former employee of Cedar Point (one of the sister parks in the CedarFair Company), Carowinds does not exceed what Cedar Point has to offer.My biggest disappointment, as Cedar Point offers their HallowWeekends in their daily passes, Carowinds has you pay an additional amount to experience the Halloweekends events (haunted houses, shows, etc).Also, I was surprised that tax was not included in their food and beverage prices (again, after being a Cedar Point employee and working in the foods division - this surprised me).  Not sure if this is because the park resides in two different states.  Which brings me to another point.  One of my friends had bought a bottled drink early in the day and bought another one several hours later, only to find the price went up slightly due to the different taxes in SC & NC.The only plus was that we had very limited wait times (the park was not that crowded).  The longest we had to wait for one of the coasters was around 20 minutes - and I am sure that would be longer if we came during the summer months.
3	As a lot of other reviewers have pointed out, in relation to other huge parks in Orlando and Cedar Point in Ohio, Carowinds is a bit weak, but if you live within driving distance of Charlotte, then it's an awesome option for a fun summer day trip. And if you live in Charlotte, then you're nuts not to buy a season pass, and here's why.  If you go just twice, you'll have saved money on your second time in. Plus, with the season pass, you get free parking all summer, so it's worth it for that alone as well.  As for the rides, the best by far is the Intimidator, named after Dale Earnhardt, so it's themed accordingly.  It's a good ride at any park, with a steep drop off at the start, and a lot of air time during the ride.  When we go, we usually ride it at least 3-4 times. The line moves really quickly too, so if you see a long line don't be discouraged, it's usually not more than 20 mins to ride.  The other rides are ok, I forget all the names, but the one where you lay on your stomach superman style is cool, but the line takes forever, so it's not really worth it more than once.  The other really good one is the Top Gun ride, but sit in the front row if you can, it's a 1000% times better from there.All the other gripes are standard for a theme park, yes, it's stupid expensive for food and snacks, people working there aren't in love with their jobs, shocking since they're a bunch of teenagers working for the summer! But if you want a fun way to get the blood pumping, this is a pretty sweet resource right in Charlotte's back yard.
4	Overall, great theme park with a TON to do.  Almost too much in my opinion as we didn't have time to see the entire park in one day.  My son did get hurt on two rides, but maybe that was just his luck.  The waterpark area is great and I wish they sold separate tickets just for the waterpark as my kids loved that area the best.  The biggest complaint we had was the rule that no food/drink can be brought it.  They sell water bottles for $4-$7 each and with a family of five on a 90+ degree day, we spend close to $100 on bottled water.  Crazy in my opinion.  They should at least allow water to be brought in.  Overall, we had a great day.
5	I really like this theme park.  Half off tickets for opening weekend.Clean, spacious, Snoopy theme, and many great roller coaster rides.  It would have been even better had we gone during the summer months and the water rides were open.  Only the water falls ride was open.  We got SOAKED!!!Many roller coaster rides and a lot of them scary.  Intimidator?  Nighthawk?  Hurler?  Good Grief Charlie Brown!!!  These were some thrilling rides!Most of the food here was sub par, but they have a Rita's and Chikfila inside.  Plenty of parking although I got a free shuttle ride form the campground.Wish I had stocked up on some Snoopy gear.  lol!I can honestly say I had more fun here than Busch Gardens.I also heard that if you get a season pass, you can use it for both this theme park and Kings Dominion.  Can't beat that.
4	We went for Mother's Day Weekend and had a blast. Were surprised how much better this park is than Six Flags. You must ride the Intimidator, one of the best coasters I've ever ridden. The park was very clean. Were from Orlando originally, so the only 2 parks in the world that would be 5 stars are the Magic Kingdom and Cedar Point in Ohio. For a regional theme park this place was awesome. We bought the Platinum Pass and are using it at Cedar Point and Kings Island this summer, which to me is a good selling point. I will say this place draws an interesting crowd but was great fun. Planet Snoopy is also awesome!
2	We participated in the music festival yesterday, and so of course spent time enjoying the park.  Overall, this is a confusing park to navigate & it is desperately in need of signage!  I overheard others having the same problem.  Specific problem is the incredibly poor customer service attitude.  No one can answer a question.  We had to speak to 4 different people to enter and to buy two upgrades.  And I cannot tell you how confused they are in Cinnabon...oh my that was just ridiculous! Poor, poor customer service.  And charging more for a fast pass than the entry, that is just wrong!  I do not believe we will go again...unless the let me help them design a training program for their employees.  Wow just really bad.
2	Carowinds in my opinion is crap. Poor customer service in all parts of the park. Managers of the park know this and they dont do a thing about it. Six flags a few hours away is so much better. Carowinds for that they offer is not worth the drive or the money. The food is very pricey and its not that great.
3	Carowinds is a fun place.....where else can you spend $4 on a bottle of water?!
5	I've been coming to Carowinds for 18 years. I also worked there for 2 years. It's my baby, really. I should mention that there are greater ride options and there's more of a family feel now that Cedar Fair Entertainment Company has taken over. Food's yummy (and worth it). Park is very clean and tidy. Scarowinds is an attraction those 13+ won't want to miss. It's plain awesome. Go for the whole day!
5	Carowinds is a great time I have taken my kids often. There is a pub across the street from Intimidator ride on Carowinds Blvd called Drunken Goat if you bring in your ticket stub they will give you 50% off an appetizer!
4	Avoid at all costs in August, I made that mistake and got my brain fried.  But if you pick decent weather this is so fun!  I love the big watersides!
3	We went during an extremely hot Saturday in August so I would not recommend going at that time but that is the only time we could do it so we made the best of it. It was incredibly crowded and they warn you on the website not to go on Saturdays but again we had no choice and wanted to take our two kids 13 and 15 year olds to do the coasters. I have some tips that we found that will hopefully make your trip more enjoyable. They do offer fast passes but they were $40 extra on that day(different prices at different days) so x4 that was not happening for us. one thing we found out that if you ask for a large cup of ice water (instead of the tiny tiny ones they first offer you) they will give you the larger ice water cups for free! Otherwise, if you prefer bottled water, then it is $10 for 4 bottles then you could fill those up at the water fountains near all of the bathrooms. We were craving a milkshake and went to the Jukebox diner and they said they were out of milkshakes! However, there was plenty of other food and snack places. I found the layout of the park very confusing and I am usually good at directions. There are not any directional signs so make sure you ask for a map. Another tip is to see if there are any coupon codes online. I bought our tickets in advance and found two specials that brought the cost down to $31/each. One of our favorite coasters was the Afterburn. It was worth the 40 min wait. The kids liked the southern star and there was no wait. They waited for the vortex and it was about 1 1/2 hour wait! And the two drinking water fountains in the line were broken. this is a 90 degree day in the summer. Also, How hard would it be for them to post a sign at the entrance to each coaster line that had an "approximate wait time from this point."? I am not expecting Disney standards but they could easily improve the experience of each guest with minimal effort. We walked through the water park section and decided against it. it was crazy crowded. I recommend wearing a bathing suit under your clothes if you plan on trying out that part of the park. Even with all of my complaining All in all, I had a fun time going on 5 or so coasters/rides. If you enjoy rollercoasters, this place has amazing ones! I want to try it without the crowds one day...maybe during the week.
3	I thought Carowinds would be a good way to spend an evening.  I hadn't been to an amusement park in quite a few years and apparently in those few years, I've gotten old.  My goal was to ride all of the big roller coasters but after hopping on Intimidator right after getting into the park, I began to rethink my decision.  Where do they sell the tylenol for all the headaches that these roller coasters give?I ended up riding a few of the big rides, Afterburn (loved), Hurler (hated), Cyclone (good), Thunder Road (meh), and Nighthawk (loved, but the line sucks!).Fun tip - a whole pizza costs $11 but a slice costs $7, a fact I wish I knew before I ordered.
2	You might enjoy it, if you are really into theme parks.Its been more that 8 years since, I had been to a themepark (Kennywood , Pittsburgh,PA),  so I wasn't sure how I would feel about riding the rides, and doing the carnival theme activities.We opted for the evening passes (starting at 4PM), since we both knew a full-day would have been too much for us. First parking is a joke and a crime.  They force you to pay to park to be able to go into the park. This isn't just for premium parking, but its for general too. This is just another way to rake the park goers over the coals.  Having to pay to park, really made me not ever want to come back here.As for rides, we focused mainly on Rollercoaster, and wanted to get as many of them as possible. The Eliminator (Nascar theme and biggest in the park) was fun,fast, and rough.  You experience at a lot of G's and airtime on this ride, but my head paid the price and was rattled. Afterburn had to be my favorite of the day, but we experienced a big delay due to someone getting sick on the ride. We finished the night with Nighthawk, and waited inline for about 1.5 hrs.  It was a really fun ride, but not sure if it was worth the "wait 1 min for 1 seconded of riding" ratio.The rest of the rides were entertaining, no other great recommendations. The park was crowded on a the Saturday night, but not painful to move around through the park. Everyone was friendly having a good night out.Some of the bathrooms were really old and disgusting.  Food was expensive and not that awesome. We missed a deal were we could have got a full pizza for $11 dollars, but the staff didn't inform us and sold us 2 slices for $9 instead.Overall, it filled in a slot in a a empty evening, but I think I have either grown out of themeparks or this one just didn't do a go job of re-instilling the magic of them.
3	Gold season pass holders park for free (regular parking $15), get 10% off food and merchandise and 20% off cabana rentals, and more.Went here with family back in August and had a nice time.  While the rest of the crew enjoyed many of the park's offerings (roller coasters, fro-yo, novelty games), I concentrated on doing laps at the deeper end of  the wave pool (not positive, but I think it went as deep as 12 feet), far from the kiddies.**  (And yes, I tried not to think of how many of them do not bother to leave the pool to look for a restroom...)  I'm so grateful we found a covered table that could accommodate most of us as some went to the lazy river, while others went to swim elsewhere, while I or another stayed and watched over our belongings.  And yes, we also had valuables stashed away at locker rentals nearby.  I STRONGLY suggest going online days beforehand to purchase your tickets, locker rentals, AND cabanas for they will sell out on the day you get there.  Cabanas will run you $60 for six people, and includes six bottles of water and towels to use while at the park.  I tried my hardest to sell the idea to our group, but no takers... I think at the end they wished they'd supported me.  (Forget about locating open loungebeds upon arrival- you won't find any, at least not any you'd like to use.)  Large locker rentals were slightly less expensive than smaller ones, and they rent out fast, and the smaller ones were not very tote-friendly.  (You will also run the risk of not finding enough lockers for your group.) The women's restrooms were puddle-ridden, dirty, and missing toilet paper, with long lines to boot.  I hope the park fixes this problem, stat!Great variety of rides and activities to do here.  I think that the exits could be marked better, though.  We all had a hard time finding our way out, but I'm sure this was not an accident!  Kind of like shopping at an IKEA... there's no easy way out, as management wants to keep you from leaving too soon!One nice thing about the park is that the themes change from season-to-season, from year-to-year.  Don't forget to check out promo codes online before ordering your tickets!  ** I did try a couple of roller coasters, a mild one, and another that not only looped forwards, but also backwards.  By the time I found out, I didn't want to back out.  I should've, though.  This ride marked the last time I will attempt one, for I had terrible vertigo for the remainder of the afternoon.  Not a very wise decision for someone who suffers from motion sickness.  :(
4	Intimidator and Cobra, and that's all you need to know. Go.Intimidator replaced my favorite coaster of all time (Millennium Force at Cedar Pointe) and the adrenaline rush afterward made me feel as though I accomplished something big. I have no idea how no one has fallen out riding this - the seating design is revolutionary and freeing and allows completely uninhibited body movement from the waste up. It is the only coaster my husband felt terrified of while riding and he begged to skip this one a second time around. I, for one, felt very secure for some reason and loved the height and speed. It was a serious thrill.A first for me was the backwards coaster, Cobra. I'd never experienced this kind of design and it was such a blast. The first drop going forward is amazing, and then you reach the midway point and reverse going backward while going upside down multiple times. It was scary, exciting, and unique.I really liked how the park was designed - no space was wasted. You do not have to walk a quarter mile between fun things to do. The park is huge and hosts a surprising amount of roller coasters, but we did not feel exhausted walking the park itself all day. It was incredibly easy to navigate. Additionally, there were so many cool kid's exhibits and rides that were a big step up from most amusement parks I'm accustomed to.My only real gripe is with some of the workers. We spoke with a handful that were just really, really weird. Not creepy... Just a bit off. There was a lot of over sharing involved. The guy that did our caricature portrait also flat out sucked! The drawing was AWFUL! It was disappointed and not creative at all. Kind of middle school grade.This is a great park and absolutely a must do if you are in the Charlotte area. Very comparable to Cedar Pointe and more affordable.
2	Ok park. Some good coasters. Intimidator and nighthawk are our favorites.  A lot to do for the kids. Should have wait times listed for rides. Waited 1 hr 35 min for nighthawk. Need to improve carowinds app. Staff isn't polite or even nice for that matter. Park isn't very clean. Bathrooms are filthy and smell awful.
4	While on a business trip for some training I was lucky enough to be in the area while Carowinds was running their Halloween Haunt nights. The park is made over and only runs for a few hours in the evening.Having lived in Toronto I had done to the Halloween Haunt thing at Canada's Wonderland before but its still fun to try some new roller coasters and rides even if the concept isn't new.Being at a theme park alone was good because I got to do, or not do, anything I wanted. However, its always much more fun to have friends around especially when you have to wait in a long line.The good:- Not overly crowded and the longest line was maybe 15 minutes- With the October time frame the evenings are cool so you're not sweating it out in the hot sun- Pretty much everything is open except for a few thingsThe bad:- You need to be staying at one of the hotels in the immediate area or have a rental car if coming from Charlotte as there's no public transit and a cab ride could set you back as much as your admission- The staff can get a little obnoxious with their scaring attempts
4	A little expensive but a load of fun! Absolutely love carowinds! Bring the family and spend the day it's so much fun!
1	I will never go here again. Last Saturday, I paid for my ticket and headed in. Unfortunately, after waiting nearly two hours for the Nighthawk, it was put out of service, as were some others in the park that day. This has happened to me several times at Carowinds and I really don't understand how their coasters malfunction daily, sometimes multiple times. After purchasing a ticket, I literally got to ride one ride, for which I also waited over an hour. And of course their were no refunds even though it was their issue.
2	This is the 4th cedar-faire operated theme park I've been to and most definitely the worst. Here's why:- half of the rides weren't open because 'the wind'... Yeah, no, there was barely a breeze. To make matters worse, it was all of the bigger 'thrill' rides and coasters. Kind of like going to Disney but space mountain, pirates of the Caribbean, and splash mountain are down.... But don't worry, you can wait in line forever to go on its a small world! No.- $14.50 for chicken tenders and fries? No.- it's standard practice to have a car running and a car unloading/loading to cut down on the lines. This was in practice on only a handful of rides resulting in looooooonnnngggg wait times. On a Thursday.- apathetic staff taking their time and making the waits longerBut there were some pluses:- girl selling pictures outside of ricochet was very friendly as was caricature artist- bathrooms were clean- it wasn't heartbreaking to leave the park at the end of the day because leaving at 2 was the best decision of the day. Probably we got to Sonic in time for Happy Hour and got both of our meals for less than the chicken tender comboI'm glad I can check another amusement park off my list, but this is not one I'll be returning to.
1	just spent the day with my husband, 10 yr old son and his friend at carowinds. I now know why tix are so cheap. (37.50 through AAA per person) add to that $15 parking, $58 for 3 nasty burgers and cold fries, 2 slices of pizza and 2 kids milks, $9.48 for 2 sprites and it adds up quickly. if you only want to ride roller coasters, then this is the place for you. no other entertainment was available while we were there. off season I guess. won't make the 3 hour drive again from Charleston. would rather drive a little further and go south to universal. much better value for money spent.
3	We went this past Sun and overall had a great time. My only issue, and why I'm on Yelp, is the food. Just horrible and way, way, way overpriced.I would suggest spend the extra $10 for preferred parking and bring a cooler. Don't buy any food in the park. Out of desperation my sons a I had 2 slices with 2 breadsticks. Survey says-I've had MREs that tasted better.                              Oh yeah, $14 by the way.Preferred parking is only $10. Bring your own chow and have a great time.
4	Im not a rider but I love how my kids have a great time. I think their rides are great and just enough for their age range. I love how it also only takes me about ten minutes to get there. A great place to end the day with my kiddies...
4	It's a "good" park experience. The rides were all mostly open. The food selection was average park food. Cheese burgers. Panda Express. Rita's Ice was good. 2 new restaurants that were supposed to be open were still under construction. There was only 1 show open when I went cause it was early in the season. The park was mostly clean. Good amount of trees. Needs more dark rides. Cool coasters but everyone has coasters. It's also not really a theme park. It's just a good amusement park. No theming or design to take notice of.      But the people who work there were nice. The people who visited also seemed nice. It was a 65% positive experience. But I don't really see any reason to make a special trip as it's not really different from other cedar fair parks.     If you are going to visit one time. I do recommend getting the "fast lane plus" option as the lines were an average of 1 hour each. Fast lane plus made everything a walk on. And front row preference on most rides.
3	Small park, over priced food, we paid $55 for 3 slices of pizza , 2 orders of chicken wings that were the smallest flavorless wings we have ever had, and 2 beers.....never again....pack food
4	Because my visit was before Labor Day the water park was closed and the park was not particularly crowded. I do think the rides should have wait times posted, though. My longest wait was thirty minutes for the Nighthawk, but if it had been busier I would have been frustrated not knowing the wait times.The Intimidator is no joke. I *LOVE* rollercoasters, but when this one stopped, I realized my legs were shaking and I wondered what I had just put myself through. Then I put myself through it again. And again. The staff who run the thrill rides were incredibly professional and safety-conscious. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful.We did the Walk with the Dinosaurs and it was pretty disappointing. The attraction is very poorly maintained. The landscaping was haphazard and all the water elements were dry, in spite of having several inches of rain the prior week. Definitely skip paying the extra fee for this.
1	As a kid I remeber fallong down an open unmarked manhole, and not getting anything save a change of clothes and a freaking lollipop, they also refused to do anymore to compensate me. This also wasn't an emptied manhole, it was nearly overflowing. I will never go back to this park since this happened, and the lack of proper response.
3	It's Carowinds. Some good rides. Most surrounded by stuff you won't ride or games you won't waste money on. The kids will have fun, no doubt. The people are nice enough. The group hospitality is very good with great brisket and chicken. They make you feel welcome. Just enjoy it.
3	DO NOT BUY THE MEAL DEAL AT THE PARK OR ONLINE. I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THE MEAL DEAL.  At 30 bucks a person YOU think it will save on eating costs. ..NOPE you get 5 places to eat at and YOU do not get to choose what you eat the employee failed to mention this. NO healthy coices from the 4 things you can eat and DRINKS not included. Carowinds made 20 bucks off us cause after 2 meals each of crap pizza and nasty "chicken" fingers we gave up. DO NOT FALL FOR IT. Otherwise it is an amusement park full of wild children and crazy pushing people. Not like I remembered as a kid. Prepare to see a chiropractor cause rides are old or whiplash causing. The intimadator bout killed me whoa. Employees were nice cept for meal deal scam lack of information kid. And the park restrooms  WERE A NIGHTMARE. So nasty. Save your money go to Dollywood way nicer crowd and their meal deals have real food  choices. Thanks Carowinds but never NEVER again.
5	Carowinds is a wonderful amusement park and water park.  It is small enough that you can ride every ride in one day and large enough so you are never bored. Buying a Gold Season Pass is the way to go.  After 2 visits you have gotten your money's worth. Parking is free with the season pass, otherwise it is $15 each trip.  Carowinds has many trees and flowering plants everywhere.  Very easy to be in the shade when the sun gets too hot.   It is wonderful to have such a nice park here in the Carolina's!  Living close allows us to go there anytime we want, like having a theme park in our backyard!
4	Great all in one theme park! Ideal place for both kids and adults. I love that there are still remnants of the old Carowinds when it used to be owned by paramount. The water park is a nice place to stay for the whole day, especially once the two new slides open up. Carowinds also provides job opportunities for young teenagers starting at the age of 15! Most of the employees are relatively friendly except for the Wings restaurant. Everyone is grumpy there. But at least they give a good amount of fries. Wish I had more time to experience the WHOLE park! I went from 11-7 and only got through 3/4 of the park. (Note: rode The Intimidator twice within 20min)
4	If you are planning to go more than three times, just get a gold pass.  The amount you will save on parking alone is worth it.  The best time to go is during the weekdays, and get their early.  You get better parking, and get in early.  Food is over priced, just bring a bottle of water in with you and fill it up at a water fountain.  Boomerang Bay is a great get away from the park, and you must ride the super tall water slide!  The rides are fun.  My favorite is the intimidator, and the wait is not to awful bad, they added another cart this year.  Dropzone is fun to ride if their isn't a wait, otherwise, don't waste your time.  Carolina Cobra is fun, and the wait is not usually that long.  Vortex is fun as well.  Just plan to spend a day out here.  FYI: The all day dining pass dose not include any drinks at all, and is hardly accepeted at places in the park.
4	Haven't been here in yeaaarrss. Had a good time, although the tickets were very expensive compared to other theme parks I have been to. Rides were pretty fun, and the lines were very short the day that we went. Enjoyed my time, will come back if in the area again.
4	Great rides! I have always loved carowinds. I like it better than universal studios. I think the rides are better at carowinds. The only thing is they are a little pricey but they do run deals sometimes. Most amusement parks are pricey anyway. I'll definitely be back!
4	Went today for the first time in a long time.  Not as great as I remember but definitely worth it.  There were quite of bit of rides.  We are traveling and there is a kennel for the dog.  The price was 10 dollars for the dog you jave to walk it and feed it but they will give it water.  The pens are small for large dogs, we own a German Shepherd that weighs around 85 pounds.  Though small she was able to stand up in it just not move around alot.    The cost of the park was 57 dollars if bought at the park if you buy online you could save yourself some money.
1	If you have been to Disney or even Chi-fil-a this place will disappoint you with their horrible customer service. Perhaps when 80% of your staff are 18 yrs and younger you need to instill respect, courtesy and the customer is always right b/c they just dropped a freakin mini fortune on this crappy amusement park that post hours of operations for stores and restaurants as suggested times. And you only get 1 star because I couldn't leave it blank
3	I like Carowinds, my kids have fun and we have season passes.  I am yet to make it to the Halloween Scarowinds but heard that was the best.  The waterpark is cool.  My only complaint is it is very pricy.  I think it's like $4.00 for a bottle of water. you can't bring your own food in there. One time we went there and rented a carriage and got some drinks and my husband said, "we already spent $400.00 and we are not even in the main park yet!  so beware of the money situation!
3	Stopped by Carowinds on our 5 park, 4 day, Fourth of July weekend! I'm from Cincinnati, Ohio- born and raised so my Platinum Pass for Kings Island gets me into Cedar Point and other parks for no charge. Carowinds is one of those.I enjoyed my visit here and they've got some real good coasters. Intimidator and Afterburn were my top coasters here, but there are some classics such as Carolina Goldrusher and Thunder Road. I can't wait to see the coaster going in next year. If it's what I'm hearing you all are in for a treat- the track is coming from right near my house so I hope it's what I'm thinking. Definitely stop in if you are in the area. I will be back at some point!
3	If your coming here BUY THE TICKETS ONLINE, you will save $5-8. Also come here EARLY. Like any theme park they nickel and dime you for everything. General parking was $15. Tickets were $48 (online discount). Water was $4 for a small bottle. I would advice anyone to purchase the theme park water bottle for $15, share it and receive unlimited refills throughout the day. Each rides wait averages around 40min-1.5 hr wait. Realistically, you will get through 1 ride per hour unless you have a fast track pass which costs $55 for 12 fast track passes. If you actually get to the roller coaster its well worth it. The intimater was a bit daughnting yet exhilarating. The night owl gave a different perspective view when riding the roller coaster because you a laying down. Overall this place is ok. Due to the location of this place it gets extremely hot and the wait can become unbearable. I do not think i would come back to this place again due to the heat and overall priced things as other amusement parks at least offer combination packages that are more affordable. Cheers!
4	Decent regional amusement park... Quick turn around on some of the rides... Not so much on some of the others. Intimidator had the fastest turn around today... We averaged 10-15 minutes in line... Through 3 visits.  There were enough rides to keep my 4 y/o occupied. A fair amount that we could ride together as a family.  Food... Ugh overpriced as per the norm. Mostly burgers, dogs, pretzels, funnel cake and a Panda Express.  Buy the premium parking and eat off the park, you'll thank me later.
4	GREAT TIP ENCLOSED: Overall, like this park. It's older, but still fun. I am much happier now that they offer a fast-pass lane. Waiting in lines (at any park) is horrible on a hot day. You would otherwise wait for a good 2 hours for the most popular rides. Two hours for a 1-2 minute ride, no thanks! There are plenty of restrooms throughout and food options.TIP (the best tip you can ever get here): go to ANY concession stand (that has a fountain) and ask for a COMPLIMENTARY ICE WATER. For liability and your safety, they're obligated to provide guests with water so they stay cool and hydrated. You won't really find any drinking fountains, and unless you want to pay something like $5 per bottle of water, this will make your experience MUCH more pleasant!
1	My wife and I showed up the other weekend and got stuck on one of your rides that you lay down on. We we're stuck laying down tilted back on this roller coaster for about 20 minutes. Everyone on the ride was flipping out because we were all getting head rush. When we finally got off after your employees gave zero communication. We were told that if we would of shut up and listened we would of known that there were technical difficulties. Seriously who says that?The medics there did nothing but give us a cup of water. After sitting my wife down for an hour to rest she actually became sick and was on the verge of passing out and all you guys could do was give her a free drink. Over 100$ worth of money spent to only have been there for a little over an hour. It was a waste of my day time and money. It was my wife's birthday and instead of being able to enjoy the day we had to leave because of the issues from the ride malfunctioning. A day looking forward to having some fun turns into a damn headache. It's sad when a park can only give you a drink for compensation.
4	I was immediately impressed by the overall cleanliness of the park.  The rides and shops looked practically new.  After having worked at an amusement park in TX, I was very shocked at how clean the park looked.The only problem was that the restrooms were disgusting.  The smell was so horrendous, I had to hold my nose in order for my gag reflex to subside.The rides were amazing and I liked that the park had a Peanut section for younger children.My kids had a blast, we will return!!!
1	My wife and I bought tickets online in advance to the park. We came on Halloween night for Scarowinds. Well we were here for 30 minutes before rain and lightning came. We went to guest services and they told us there are no refunds. If you plan on going to this park make sure to check the weather or kiss your $$ goodbye.
4	It is about in between a Six Flags and a Disney park on a scale of how nice it is. Nice selection of coasters, but the park layout is kind of all over the place. It is a lot like King's Island in Ohio although I would say King's Island definitely has the winning edge. Favorite coasters were Intimidator and Afterburn.
5	Since my last review I have been to Scarowinds, the BEST, realistic scary experience ever and the lines go fast!  I will go every year and I LOVE HALLOWEEN!!!
