2	I have been here a couple of times as it is about a block from where I live. It is your typical neighborhood bar. That is, not a lot of people, average prices, okay happy hour.Their menu is bar food. Burgers, Wings, Fries, and so on. The have the standard domestics on tap (Bud, Coors, Miller etc).A lot of times they have live music at 9 or 10. If this is for you then you have the chance to see an exclusive performance since not a lot of patrons are there. However, it gets pretty loud. So if this does not sound like your thing, be aware what time it is. Service is pretty bad if you are in the "restaurant" part. The only time I have eaten at a table the bartender was also our server. Needless to say slow is an understatement. The only reason I go here is so I don't have to drive anywhere. 2 stars because I have experienced better, much better. My experiences tells e that the Waterfront is just a corner bar. Nothing Special.
4	I actually love the Waterfront Grill. I have never been there during bar hours, so it might not be a good later in the evening, but I usually go around 5-7 for dinner and the food has always been excellent. I usually get the buffalo chicken wrap, but sometimes I go with the fish tacos. Both are excellent and the service is great (because usually my and my friend are the only ones in there - I often wonders how it stays open). The cookie desert is awesome! It is like the Piezooki and Oregano's. Just as good.
1	I ate here once about a week after it opened and stopped by three other times to sample beer because they had an outrageous tap beer selection for Chandler. Service was ... how do I put this... lets say very unprofessional. I met the owner on my second visit and understood why. I bet my wife that this place wouldn't last a year. She said 13 months to hedge her bet.   I have since heard it has shut down and reopened as the "Watersedge".   Update (1-09)  landlord has locked the doors.  Guess the name change didn't help things.  Enough said.
