2	I've been going to this office for the past 2 1/2 years and this place has gone down the drain since.  I was being seen by Dr. Korcal and his attitude and demeanor toward his patients were lukewarm.  He seems like he's tired of seeing patients and does not like what he's doing. He doesn't seem to have the sense of urgency when it comes to referring to a specialist.  Worst of all, his assistant, Barbara was the rudest I have ever seen.  She disregards your questions and gives you the run-around and even walks away from you as you ask her a question!  No courtesy at all.  She doesn't give you any information and when you ask her, she acts really annoyed and shows you toward the checkout.  I would give just 1 star but their checkout person and their manager have been very helpful and their saving grace.
5	I have been going here for about 4 months. I read the other review about Dr. Korcal. I have not had any problems getting referrals from him. He answers all my questions. He is one of two doctors I have seen in Las Vegas that actually sits in the room with you and actually pays attention to you. The other being Dr. Shin at Freemont Medical Center, but they moved him to urgent care because he probably spent too much tine actually treating his patients and wasn't pushing them out the door. That is whole other review though (Freemont Medical Center).Anyway, Dr. Korcal goes over all the test results and explains them thoroughly to you. I never have to wait long after I sign in either. You don't have to wait three months for an appointment, like you do at Freemont Medical Center. The entire staff is very friendly. The X-ray tech, receptionists, nurses, and the ladies that draw your blood are all great.
5	I honestly had a completely different experience here than the past visitors. I found the Diagnostic center when I was searching for a new Primary Care Dr. that accepted Culinary Insurance. I was very pleased to find Dr. Hess is currently accepting new patients. I found the staff incredibly friendly and educated. They were all dressed very casually which was nice because it made you forget you are at the Doctor. I am thrilled to have found a new doctor!
4	Overall review - Never much of a wait.  Staff is organized and efficient.  If you need bloodwork they have someone there so you don't have to make a trip.  I'm not sure if they do X-rays or any other tests.I've been with Dr. Korcal for years even as he has changed practice.  Compared to most doctors, he's a pretty good listener which is the #1 quality a doc needs.  I recently went to visit him after 5 visits to a speciality group with no diagnosis or treatment plan and he's helping get on track.
