5	I started going to Dr. Hipple when I was about 16 for my allergies, then for acne, then the common cold...pretty much anything that is going on with my body I go in for a treatment.  He has worked with many members of my family including my grandfather who was diagnosed with alzheimer's disease.  He is an amazing Doctor, calm, gentle and extremely knowledgeable.  I would highly recommend his practice to anyone.  The entire ambiance of the office is extremely peaceful.
1	Before I knew anything about the studied efficacy of acupuncture, I saw Chuck Hipple for an undiagnosed medical condition. He prescribed and began to deliver an undetermined number of treatments to affect my spleen. After about six treatments, with no discernible change -- nor promise of improvement -- I gave up. Much later, I decided to research acupuncture. I highly recommend you do this research before using any acupuncturist. IT IS PSEUDO SCIENCE. Here is a summary from "Trick or Treatment," an unbiased, comprehensive review (book) of the major research into "alternative medicine":"Systematic reviews make it clear that acupuncture does not work for a whole range of conditions, except as a placebo. Hence, if you see acupuncture being advertised by a clinic, then you can assume it does not really work, except possibly ("the evidence is neither consistent nor convincing") in the treatment of some types of pain and nausea." Chuck, you took my money with no medical understanding of my condition -- nor evidence or reliable conviction that you could do anything about it. I'd like a refund.
5	I went to get advice and help for my painful arthritic joints in both thumbs, hoping not to have surgery, and Mr. Hipple was extremely knowledgeable about this, and he tested me for allergies first, then various sensitivities I may have.  Mr. Hipple has been very helpful.  Now I am undergoing  series of laser treatments and taking a silver colloidal liquid as a first step to remove a mycoplast before proceeding with treatment for arthritis, if it will even be needed after this initial treatment.  Ms. Junker, who works with Mr. Hipple, is also very knowledgeable and treated my wife with Nes Mihealth for joint pain and stiffness in her hand, which after a few treatments completely healed this condition.  I highly recommend these practitioners!
5	Chuck is beyond amazing. There aren't enough words to describe how caring he is. I've seen how hard he works and cares for each one of his patients. Not too long ago I had something that presented as a pinched nerve in my right hand. My thumb, index finger and middle finger were numb, felt like they were on fire and slowly swelling. It was to the point where I couldn't even move my fingers, write or even put my clothes on. I remember it was the middle of the night and I went to the ER and what a waste of time! I immediately called Chuck the next morning and in a matter of four-five treatments I was able to see a tremendous difference. I was able to write, feel, and move my fingers. I highly recommend his practice to anyone.
5	Hipple's acupunture clinic is hands-down Charlotte's best! Highly professional and knowledgeable about alternative medicine. Hipple offers specialized treatments for allergies too! Healing, pain and stress management, or just relaxation are transformative. This acupuncture clinic is very dedicated to the customer and the craft of healing!
