5	Out late night shopping in the cool area of Camelback Colonnade and happened to stumble across a bright shiny open sign. The small Reflexology Foot Massage center was about to close. I stopped in to grab some pricing and see the services they offered. The center was a clean Asian decor that is very therapeutic. I was immediately greeted as I asked for a list of services. Noticing a massage chair in the lobby and having 15 mins till close I asked if I could get a quick 10 min neck massage to test there long list of services out. Not a problem they even offered a longer massage if I had liked. About 2 mins into it I took them up on their offer. The massage therapist hands made me want to fall asleep. He had nice tough hands for a person who likes a massage very deep. He asked me serve real times if I was ok. Boy was I in heaven. I was extremely impressed.  I will be back. The pricing is affordable with daily specials offered. This center offers chair massages from 10mins to 30. They are known for foot massages. You can combine the toe for a 60-90 min total relaxation. They even offer foot detonation. An example of there pricing is 90min foot, head, shoulder, and leg for $60.00 that is for 90mons. You can't beat that...Be sure to grab a stamp card on your way put. With your eleventh visit you get a free detox or 10min chair massage.
4	my job is really stressful and my doctor told me to get at least 2 times a month deep tissue massage so i found this place for massage and its really good for 60 dollars 1 full hours and its fast!!i will use this people again as long as i meet my satisfactions...
5	Great massage! It was my first reflexology, clothes on massage!  Very intense, but I feel like a million bucks.  Getting my spine worked over gave me so much energy. Oh and soooo relaxing!  I wish I lived closer. I would visit them every week
5	Came here on a whim and they hit me in right away. They soaked my feet in a bath if warm water which was amazing. I felt so relaxed, my muscle pain just faded away!  I probably dozed off, after an hour of complete relaxation I felt energized and ready to go. This place is great if you have some time to kill, no need for a. Appt.
5	This place is a hidden gem. I have had a massage by most of their staff and recommend them all as they are very well trained. Their prices are so affordable I can treat myself twice a month. Love this place.
5	Great massage! I went after a day of hiking. It was clean and quiet which allowed me to relax and enjoy. Good price too.
