5	The service here is friendly, quick and thorough.  Jan always has a smile waiting for you and is quick to communicate updates.  They are honest about pricing and how long it will take to get your vehicle up and running.  Kenny is always fast, efficient and makes every effort to come under estimated quotes for his labor.  Every time my family has come here to service their cars they have been impressed.
5	I checked the reviews of various places before I came here and I liked what I saw. I was not disappointed. I got excellent service and I believe an excellent price as compared to some other quotes I had. I will be going back for the rest of the work I need done. It was important to me not to feel ripped off or pressured because as a single woman I need to be able to trust where I take my car. I do believe I have found the place I will return to time and again. Thanks to everyone.
5	Thank you so much for the great service!! I was new to town and desperately needed a place to have my transmission rebuilt. When I arrived, they were friendly and quick to help. They contacted my warranty company and worked with them through the whole process. They kept me updated on the status of the repairs and let me know right away when my car was ready. Thanks again and I will recommend anyone to this Aamco. Thanks again!
1	This place is a Joke !! Your better off trying to fix it yourself !! I had to bring my car back 3 times and they didn't want to give me a rental. They had my car for 6 weeks the first time and I've had my car back for a month now and having to take it back again !! What a joke ! Please take your car somewhere else .
1	Called these guys up to find out how much it would be to change out my radiator, because I had good luck with them in the past.  Stan says on the phone "dont quote me but somewhere between $500-$900.  OK, so based on my past experience i decided to trust them.  Left it with them with their promise to call me and let me know how much the work would cost before they do it.  Sooooo the next day i get a call saying my truck is ready and the bill is $952.  Remember, this is just a radiator changeout.  The radiator is $152 from autozone and the hoses are $20 apiece, so naturally i want an explanation as to why no call and why so ridiculously high.  The guy behind the counter named "Duff", says, "well didnt stan tell you yesterday that it could be as high as $900?  Duff tells me that i have to talk with Stan to explain the bill.  So i called stan and explained that i am good customer and have used them in the past, but i am feeling a bit taken advantage of, while i am talking stan systematically lowers the bill in $100 increments until he lands on $700.  He explains $700 is the absolute limit because he somehow managed to pay $450 for my radiator!!  Look, something bad has happened to this place, it used to be good, but no longer.  Take your vehicle somewhere else, this place is in serious overcharge mode!
5	i sent one of my customers vehicles down to this aamco and they had me the trans back right on time that they quoted me, great customer service and the trans still leaked when done due to other issues so i took it back and its already fixed anf ready to be picked up after just 2 hours, awesome work guys keep up good work, you will now recieve all of my business.
4	I liked the place.friendly guy at the counter that was knowledgable and courteous! Will return because they service carmax cars
1	Do not bring your vehicle here unless you want to keep returning your car over and over. The professionalism of this place is terrible. My sister and I share a vehicle and we brought it here for a minor repair. This minor repair turned into two weeks of back and forth back and forth because they couldn't do the job correctly. When we dropped off the car the final time, it had half a tank of gas. When we picked it up, it was empty. How awesome. We are writing a letter to the BBB and I hope this place shuts down. They have zero business being mechanics or running anything. DONT BRING YOUR CAR HERE AT ALL!!!
1	DO NOT GO HERE! The only reason l am even giving this establishment 1 star is because their customer service is good. Stan and his wife as well as other staff are really nice but that's about as far as it goes. l took my car in because it was idling rough, no error codes were coming up but after a visual inspection they suggested l change 2 axels and transmission clips, l knew one axel was bad but the other was only the boot (dealership told me a week or so before) l told Stan only the boot was bad and have me a $50 discount for that side (l should've run then) l just wanted my damn car fixed so l agreed on $750 for the work. Work was done in a few hours, and as l was picking up my car there was a lady in the lobby who was CRYING telling me she had been back to them numerous occasions and each visit was more and more money (alluding that they were either intentionally causing more problems or didn't know what the hell they were doing) she said she came in for minor issues and ended up having to take out a loan for like 3k to fix everything that kept going wrong. She told me to never come back if l had a problem, WELL the next day as l was driving to work every light on my dash lit up and smelled like fire. l was on flamingo and LV blvd NOT where you need to break down but fortunately l made it to work. Called Stan, his wife answered and told me to bring it back in. l decided against that, took it to my dad's mechanic and he figured out it was the spark plugs and head gasket, if Aamco would've taken a look under the hood and seen the plugs and coolant and oil he probably would've figured that out. Basically l wasted nearly $800 because of these idiots, funny thing is they had some type of plaque from Aamco for great customer relations LOL l don't know if that was years ago or something but based on the yelp reviews and the lady who was crying in the lobby their customer relations may have gone downhill
1	Brought our car in because it was slipping gears. Paid through the nose for a new torque convertor. Took longer than we expected and when we got the car back, it was making a strange clicking noise that it hadn't made prior to the repair. We took the car back, left it for another two days and they couldn't figure out where the noise was coming from.   They said they could change the transfer case for an additional $900 which may solve the problem. We decided not to leave it there and instead, my husband diagnosed the noise himself. It was the speedometer cable rattling around.   My husband also noticed that the transmission was leaking fluid and it turns out that when they put the drip pan back on, they didn't tighten everything down. We would not recommend this Aamco and will not return there.
5	I had a very last minute need for service just before a road trip to California. I was able to come in just an hour after I called, and the problem was quickly diagnosed with the same kind of care I would get from my dad. Two techs took the time to check, double check and trouble-shoot what turned out to be a brake problem. I only waited for a short time and everyone was very kind as well as thorough!
