5	Great little deli with pretty darn good Italian breads, baguettes, hard rolls, fresh pizza dough, etc.Awesome deli, all kinds of imported cheeses, meats, imported charcuterie, salads, and grated cheeses.Tons of sweets like biscotti, almonetta, and cannoli.Family owned and operated!
5	Not many places to get a decent breakfast sandwiches to go in the area do I decided to stop here for one. Great breakfast sandwich here, no need to look further! Haven't tried anything else but everything looked amazing. Fresh baked bread, top notch deli meat and cheese, homemade pastas and sauces. I fully recommend this place for anyone looking for a deli or fresh baked bread.
5	Visiting Pittsburgh and was seeking a local place for a snack.  I found Italian Bread Place Deli and Catering in an article in a local paper.When I stepped in the door the smells of fresh bread instantly peaked my appetite.  Since I was to have a late lunch I just wanted a bowl of soup but on this Sunday they had two soups to choose from and I just could not choose so I ordered the small portion of both.  The Wedding Soup was exactly as it you expect real Italian Wedding Soup to taste.  This hearty soup had large pieces of pulled chicken, very tasty mini meat balls, spinach (green), and chicken broth.  Speaking with one of the owners she told me they cook the chicken fresh and make their own broth.  I believe this because this soup was full of taste not salt.   I enjoyed my small portion and wished I could have had the large serving.The second soup I tried was a Spicy Sausage.  It was in a tomato base.  I enjoyed this soup also and found the bottom of the cup much too quickly.  They are generous with the sausage and it was full of bold flavor but not too hot.The soups came with a perfectly round white roll.  The rolls (I had two, one with each soup) had a firm crust and soft interior.  They were perfect to dunk in the soup.  I am sure I violated every educate in eating but the rolls seems to be made for dunking.Their bakery was full of every type of bread product you can imagine.  I watched a number of patrons order sandwiches made with Boars Head meats.  Each sandwich looked well portioned. When I decided to buy dessert they were just bring out a fresh tray of their pepperoni rolls... I had to try one since they were fresh.  They were so fresh you could not handle them.  Their dough was very good, I do not think I got the full enjoyment of this little treat because I was too impatient to let it cool.  I found most of the pepperoni on one side of the roll but that was OK because the fresh bread was good on its own.  I would suggest letting these little rolls cool a good 15 minutes before trying to consume them. I did buy two desserts, Scooter Pie, and Boston Creme.  The Scooter Pie was sold in twos and about the size of the tea cup saucer.    The cream inside the chocolate dessert was fresh, sweet and cold as these treats are kept in their cooler case.I could only eat half of one pie because it was rich, not too rich, just I was still planning a full lunch later in the day. I have not tried the Boston Creme yet but it looks great.  Tomorrow I shall find out about the taste.They also offered brownies (I heard these are famous with the locals.  One local was complaining while I was there that they stopped making the Cinnamon bread sticks he used to love, he was lobbying loud and hard to get them return them to their menu), and cookies of all varieties.This deli really is a carry out establishment.  The only seating is a counter facing out the front plate glass window and a few bar top tables (without chairs, as a I recall).  There are few full height freezers and refrigerators full of Italian frozen pastas, and soups.  They also sell all type of Italian dry goods and sauces.Next time I am visiting I will plan to eat a full meal here.If you are close I would suggest you stop in.  I am impressed that they donate all unsold bread at the end of the day to charity.  If you buy bread at this bakery you now it is fresh!Doug F.
5	I love the food at this place, all of it, the deli meats, bread, sandwiches, pizza dough, everything. It's fantastic. My issues are the unfortunately common problems among Pittsburgh small businesses: The hours, and the attitude.They close too early in the day and start closing about 30 minutes before they lock the doors so its a crap shoot if you'll be able to buy what you want, when you want it.The service is generally good, but I sometimes get the impression that the staff could care less. They also seem to assume you're as familiar with the menu as they are and can get snippy if you're unprepared to answer questions in exactly the way they expect. All said, I'll keep visiting because this is the best deli/ bakery / sandwich joint in the area.
5	This place is amazing. The staff is incredibly friendly and treats you like family (although it does get busy during lunch and they get stressed). This is one of the best places for a sandwich in Pittsburgh.My wife loves the wedding soup (and they sell it frozen for those cold nights at home when you dont want to cook) but you HAVE to try the Italian Club. The sundried tomato vinaigrette (or "crack sauce") is amazing and addictive.
5	It seems like most of the reviews are for the deli. I go there for the bread any time I'm in the area. I grew up in McKees Rocks, a few blocks from Mancini's and not far from Jenny Lee's. I lived in North Side, not far from Breadworks. I lived in Oakmont, in walking distance of the Oakmont Bakery. I tried a bakery in Fox Chapel not long ago, and I was so unimpressed that I forgot the name, and a blueberry pineapple bread for $6.75 should have been memorable. Not one of these places compares to The Italian Bread Place.Any time I'm in the area, and by that I mean anywhere from Carnegie to Sheradon, (and when the mood hits me, I could be an hour away and still make the trip),  I stop in. I buy all of my holiday bread there, and I always have to buy an extra loaf, since I'm pulling pieces off before I'm out of the parking lot.The mini twist salt sticks come plain or with caraway seeds, and the larger twist loaves come in a few different sizes. The bread is perfectly crispy on the outside, soft and light on the inside, and has a flavor I can't even describe. My nephew eats nothing but bread and butter every time he visits for a holiday, and I cook for a few days to prepare, making a variety of seasonable and new inventive dishes.People will try my cuisine and I get a lot of complements and requests for plates to take home. (Some of you still need to return my containers, by the way.) If I thought I could make it better, I might try, but I don't think I could improve on this quality. I've tried many of their bread offerings, from pepperoni bread to the homemade, and I've never been disappointed. Neither is my nephew.Just look for him at any of my parties. He's the one in the corner with his own knife, cutting board and butter dish. Don't look for the bread. It's gone.
3	It took over 25 min to order catering over the phone for 2 days. The lady on the phone kept saying their computer system is very slow and she didn't know how to use it. It was painful. Food quality and prices were good.
2	I ordered the Italian Club and it was decent, but underwhelming. The bread was dense and tasty, but it wasn't the largest hoagie I've had. Should have gone with the full size bec the half was not enough.
