5	If the amount of people that head to Mambella's for lunch is an indication of how good their food is, then Mambella's is easily deserving of top-billing. This hot spot for RIM employees offers fresh, quality Italian panini's and dishes that will have you going back on a daily basis. It also doesn't hurt that they have some of the friendliest staff and best customer service in the city. THE GOODUpon arriving at Mambella's you'll notice patrons filling out a paper with their preferred lunch options, a nice twist on the traditional ordering process that ensures a prompt and more importantly, accurate identification of your meal option with the kitchen staff. There's nothing worse then rushing out to lunch, only to return to the office to realize that it's missing a topping you requested, or that it's not even the panini you ordered! Considering how busy Mambella's gets at lunch, you can reasonably expect to be in and out in under ten minutes. Quality food and fast. What more can you ask for from a lunchtime restaurant? THE GREATMambella's offers a variety of options for the Italian-lover's craving. From fresh salads, flavourable soups, and 'out of this world' panini's. They also offer a very good selection of hot pasta dishes from cannelloni stuffed with fresh ricotta cheese to my personal favourite, gnocchi.  When you arrive you'll notice a large chalkboard with Mambella's great hot and cold panini options. You could pick from any of their wide array of panini's and will not be disappointed. THE AMAZINGMambella's 'Godfather of Them All; The Veal Sandwich' is an outstanding panini on a fresh and slightly crispy bun with tender veal, a beautiful homemade sauce just like Nonna makes, that's covered with mushrooms, peppers, onions, provolone and mozzarella cheese. I've always said that you can judge an Italian panini restaurant by it's veal sandwich, and Mambella's hits this one out of the park.As a panini lover, I often enjoy the opportunity to customize my own. Mambella's offers you the choice to make your own panini and top it with any of the toppings they have available. So if you can't decide between they panini's they already offer, you can always ask for some mortadella, capicollo, hot sopressata, on a fresh bun and top it with a few slices of provolone or whatever your heart desires. THE OTHER FINE DETAILSMambella's is all about flexibility and customer service. If you know you've only got a small window for lunch, Mambella's gives you the option of calling in your order in advance so that it's ready for when you arrive. They also offer catering and delivery to your office or work. I've never used them for catering, but based on their great levels of in-store customer service I doubt they serve anything less then the best. Next time you're looking for a quick, quality, and fresh lunch option in the Waterloo area, do yourself a favour and head to Mambella's!
4	I've been enjoying Mambella's for lunch ever since it opened next to my office. I love the custom sandwiches and the pasta platter. Excellent choice of breakfast sandwiches and selection of coffees. Owner does an excellent job catering as well. As Paul mentioned, it's a hot spot for all the RIM employees in the area, and the employees make us feel welcome and special (even if we're buried in our work). So nice to see this business doing so well over the past few years.
4	Mambella's makes pretty decent sandwiches. They are only open for lunch and the place is usually pretty busy. Seating room is limited, so be prepared to order to-go.
4	3.5/5, +.5 for service.I've never been much of a sandwich person. My definition of Italian cuisine is pizza or pasta, nothing else. Therefore it took me passing by this place multiple times on the bus in combination of reading the great reviews here for me to finally decide to visit this place.The inside isn't huge, but many customers order take out anyway. In fact, throughout the time I was there, there was a steady stream of customers going in and out, mostly  from the BlackBerry buildings. Only about 3 people stayed and ate in. You have to fill out an order card before you can proceed with the order. This is so that the employees making the food will have an easier time of reading the order you want, as everything is standardized in terms of the order slip.I went with the pulled pork sandwich with whole wheat bread, since they ran out of the veal sandwich (BOO! 1 star gone) and I looked at the top monthly sandwiches, which this was listed. Unlike the reviews I've seen here, it wasn't a long wait. Only about 5 minutes later, my sandwich was complete.Upon looking at it, the sandwich looks rather "flat" and ingredients lacking. However, once I ate it, I can really feel the pulled pork, the sweet and (not so) spicy sauce. For $7, the sandwich was just right in terms of portions, and most importantly, delicious.Will I come back? Yes! Though I wanna try the pasta next time.
5	Mambella's was the quintessential lunch spot for me as a former student at Waterloo. Located at the corner of Philip and Columbia, Mambella's is a Italian sandwich and pasta shop servicing mainly BlackBerry employees and Waterloo students. The typical procedure to order lunch is to fill an order sheet with lunch options which consists of an eclectic mix of sandwiches, paninis, soups, salads and pasta. Sandwiches are also customizable to your liking. I find the form to be the starting point of a well-oiled machine - Mambella's kitchen. The form acts a form of quality control for the staff to ensure that your meal is made to your liking. No topping and option will be missing under their watch. Lunch orders usually take up to ten minutes. The staple for me at lunch is the almighty veal sandwich. Imagine for a bit, a soft and crispy bun with a piece of tender veal, covered with mushrooms, green peppers, onions, provolone and mozzarella and smothered with a homemade sauce that is out of this world. I've also tried the paninis and each time I customized it to my liking. To me, it really provided the variety and selection that sometimes needed to escape eating a bland lunch.My only caveat with Mambella's is its hours and location. However, they are opening a second location near Uptown Waterloo at King & Allen on the ground floor of the 144 Park condominium. Aside from the hours, it is a great place that offers quality and fast food at reasonable places. I definitely recommend it to anyone in the area.
5	I don't think I've had ever disliked anything I tired off their menu. From soups, to sandwiches, to pasta dishes, to baked goodies. Especially love their meatballs and their make-your-own panini sancwhiches! Generous portions. Service in general is pretty quick, though they do get backed up occassionally during the lunch rush. Plenty of seating area. Although they do do catering/ delivery orders, we've had several incidents when orders were mixed up. But all in all, one of my favourite places in K-W area!
5	Mambella's is amazing. They have a whole lot of choices, and they all sound really really good! Their ordering is fast and efficient - you enter and there's a small table with order sheets and markers. Choose what you want, hand it in and pay and you'll soon get your toasted sandwich, grilled panini, soup, salad or whatever else you chose from their extensive menu. Sandwiches are made to order.I had the Pizza Panini (comes with tomato sauce and mozzarella) and chose 4 toppings..... how about more cheese (feta cheese, goat cheese), pepperoni and mushrooms? It was delicious and very cheesy. :) I can't wait to try the other menu items out, they all sound good!The staff are really friendly. The store can get quite busy during the lunch hour.Of all the places within walking distance to UW, I would choose Mambella's first for lunch any day.
