5	I love getting my eyelashes done by Kendra!! She seriously does an amazing job at everything!!;) I'm always pleased with my eyelashes and my eyebrows too when I get them waxed. She's also so friendly and really is a good friend. I'm always get excited to see her because she listens to all my problems and gives me good advice :) she makes me feel beautiful and she listens to me?! It doesn't get any better then that! Her prices are reasonable and affordable too:)!! I would recommend this place in a heart beat!! Besides I get so many compliments about my eyelashes because they are long but still looks natural:) .. Lash Out Beauty LLC is the best company to go to!
5	I'd had lash extensions for nearly three years before I was ardently encouraged by a friend of mine to switch away from my unlicensed-doing-it-in-her-home lash lady and come see Kendra, who IS licensed.   "What difference could that make?" I wondered.  Switching seemed ...mean... and seemed like a hassle, and I fought it for a few months.  But after looking into the differences between having a licensed aesthetician performing my lash extensions vs. someone who was trained by someone who was trained by someone who may or may not have ever been licensed... was like me going up to a stranger on the street and asking them for a root canal.I switched.  And I've never been so glad I did.  The first thing Kendra did when I arrived, was take a good long look at what extensions I had, existing.  She was quiet for a minute and then let me know that she was really sorry but she'd have to soak them off and start over.  I was apprehensive about that, but her explanation was so factual and science-based that I trusted what she was saying- which was that I had clumps and clusters of glue and lashes stuck to skin and other lashes, and that clusters are actually illegal - and I know for a fact that some of my friends go and get "clusters" on purpose (eek!) because they're hard on your natural lashes.  Kendra explained that my lashes were damaged, thinned, and very, very short.After she soaked them off, I asked if I could see a mirror, because I hadn't been without lash extensions in years, and wanted to SEE what I had left. I had nothing.  There were bald patches that had been hidden by blobs of glue and big fat clusters... and what I had left was excruciatingly short.  Think of how thick two credit cards are, stacked.  That's all I had left.   I wish I had not looked.  If you've been seeing someone unlicensed or unskilled- just take my word for it.  DON'T LOOK.After she put lashes back on me -lighter in weight and thickness- carefully, lash by lash, no clumps of glue, no clusters of big, thick, lashes-  it looked completely different from what I'd had before.  But it was CORRECT, and right, and healthy.   And the shocking thing to me (not that it's the most important thing when we are talking about your EYES) was that I was now paying Kendra LESS than I'd been paying an unlicensed woman who'd been working out of her home without a license, y'all.   Kendra has a legitimate salon space in San Tan mall, a license, and now that I've been seeing her for nearly a year, I've come to learn that she invests a ton in her products and continuing education.  She's great at what she does, is totally invested in her skill-sets (she does more than just lashes), and I love her dry and sarchastic wit.  I wish I'd had my you-know-what as perfectly "together", back when I was her age
5	I absolutely love Lash Out Beauty!! Kendra does such an amazing job and I've been going there for over a year now :) I get so many compliments on my eyelashes!! Everyone says wow your eyelashes look so good and natural. I say thank you  :) I can't take credit, it was all my eyelash lady. She is also so friendly and will listen to you! I swear it's like a therapy session on top of getting beautified. I will also be scheduling Kendra to do my eyelashes when I get married :) ..By the way her prices are amazing and you won't find a better deal. You get a great deal a long with great service... You honestly can't beat that and she has done such excellent work. If you are customer looking to see if you should go with her..just look at the photos!!! I wish I could take Kendra to Pittsburgh with me..that way I can always have beautiful looking lashes :)
5	Kendra is awesome!  I started going to her after having lashes for about 2 months--they kept falling out.  What was really happening was my own eyelashes were damaged and they were falling out.  Please, if you are going to get eyelashes go to a professional (not someone that does this out of their home).  Please note, there is a HUGE difference-if you are going to spend the money, spend it wisely! My eyelashes have regrown with Kendra's expertise and professional knowledge.
5	Kendra is a very sweet, intelligent woman that is a lash artist! She was very helpful in setting up my appointment and providing directions  and did an excellent job on my first full set of lashes. She gave me detailed education about their care and was very easy to talk to! I highly recommend her service!
5	Kendra knows whats up. Best lashes ive ever had. Shesefficient and quick, but it doesn't effect quality. Kendra is so sweet too ;)
1	I am very disappointed with seeing 5 stars for this business. I have called several times for almost a week to try and schedule an appointment,  I have left messages and get no response. As a business owner myself, this is very unprofessional.
