1	Horrible drive thru service. After placing our order we waited at the window for over 5 minutes with no one completing our order. Lady at the window looked at us but never came over. After going inside we placed a complaint, no we are sorry, no explaination, only a dirty look as though we had done something wrong!
3	Went to this DD twice this week before work as I was very sleepy and needed a caramel iced latte lite (or whatever they call it).  And I've been in the past but not much because one time I placed an order for 3 people only to be told they couldn't accept my debit card and it was cash only and I never carry cash so I left almost emypt handed.  The girl had made our drinks and she gave them to me for free, which was VERY nice of here.  But anyway I just never wanted to get stuck with the not being able to pay situation again so I haven't been in a while.But this week the place was dead, drive-thru took just a few minutes.  My only question is why do I ask for the latte lite, and then still ask me if I want skim and/or sugar and whipped cream.  It should be skim automatically as the menu states and sugar and whipped cream would just defeat the purpose of getting it light no??  Otherwise everything tasted fine and they were nice and polite.
3	It's pro/con time!Lets start with the cons for all you glass-half-empty types:-the drivethru line is always at least 5 cars long in the morning-they are out of the seasonal coffee flavors (pumpkin & gingerbread) more frequently than most DDs-sometimes one of their two registers is cash only, im not really sure why- the parking lot is kinda tiny and if the drivethru line backs up too far it can be hard to get in and outand now for the pros:-they are usually well staffed (at least in the morning) so you arent waiting on 1 or 2 employees-they have never once messed up the price of my order (and this is my regular morning pre-work coffee spot so they have had many opportunities)-if you actually park and go inside instead of waiting in the drivethru you can be in and out in 3 minutes even if there is someone in front of you in line-it's a dang DDWould I go here if it weren't within spitting distance of my office, maybe. But being as it is, I do and I'm a satisfied customer.
3	Oh, Law-dy! Dunkin Donuts Boston Cream donut. Drive-thru chocolate donutastic. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1XilfKuYaQ
4	Hello friends,Apple Fritters...ummmmmnnnn Pretty clean and fast. Never tried the drive thru as I've always had time to go inside.You can enter by the light or the next entrance! When exiting by the Stop light, be careful. There is not light for you to give you a right-of-way. TTFN
3	I've been coming here for coffee on my way to work for about 8 years off and on. Overall the drive thru is pretty quick and the workers are really nice. I've had 3 issues with this particular location business practices. I feel they are trying to get over on a few things. 1. I started getting cinnamon raisin bagels toasted with a little butter and at this location its 25 to 40 cents more than most other locations in the charlotte area. 2. If you order hash browns you will only get six hash browns per order (which is actually ok for me) , my brother brought this to my attention. He has a big appetite and has noticed this each time. Other locations just fill the the little container up. 3. The wake up wraps seem to be made with powdered egg whites...extremely mushy.
4	There were six cops here when we came in. I'm not exaggerating. It was a complete cliche.Coffee was good, donuts were fresh even though it was the afternoon.
4	The dunkins drinks are usually good. Had experience with the location being out of certain advertised items. Also, I had a few issues of receiving the wrong items.  I make sure to double check now. But, in the recent month or so, they must have changed employees. Much better. Quick service. Inside is always clean when I go.
