5	Las Vegas Suites is a great deal in a fabulous location. This is my go-to place to stay in Vegas. The rooms are spacious, fabulous amenities (love the kitchens!), and the property is non-smoking (you can breathe in the lobby) and non-gaming, but just a stone's throw to casinos and the Strip. It's the place I've stayed the last several times, and definitely the place I'll stay on my next visit.
5	We had an absolutely fabulous stay at The Signature by MGM. The room had many upgrades, great views, and a great location. Most of all it was a tremendous value! I couldn't believe how much we got for the price. It was recommended by a friend, we had a great experience, and I definitely plan on staying there again.
5	I had such a great experience with the Signature at the MGM Grand. The Junior Suite was spacious, had its own small kitchen, and the bathroom was beautiful. I would highly recommend a room through them, the quality and experience were amazing and the price was right.
5	The wife and I had an awesome experience at the MGM Signature through Las Vegas Suites.  We've been staying once a year at the Sig since 2006 and this was the first time we went through Las Vegas Suites.  The spacious junior suite was clean and just the right size for us.  We were even upgraded into a Penthouse suite.  Great price, great times.  I will go through Las Vegas Suites for our future stays!
5	Best deal in town!  Booked suite through Las Vegas Suites and everything they said.  Suite was just as advertised, clean.  This suite was cheaper than petite king booking through MGM direct.  Wife and I had a great time.  We love the Signature and will definitely stay and book again with Las Vegas Suites.
5	MGM Signature Suites is the only place to stay if you want a relaxed luxurious atmosphere away from the non-stop party of Vegas. Just a short walk to the main MGM Hotel or the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood, a perfect location. Each room has a kitchenette, refrigerator, and seating area. Rooms are available in Junior Suites, one or two bedrooms. You can book your room through MGMResortsVacations.com, but I would recommend using LasVegasSuites.com. I had exceptional service, and every request I asked for was met. For the price of a regular upgraded suite through MGM, I was able to get a Junior suite on the 38th floor facing the strip. It was the BEST view. No need to pay to go up to the top of The Paris or Stratosphere to get a great pic of the night's skyline, this room came with an amazing view.There are three towers at the Signatures. Each tower has it's own pool reserved only for guests staying at the suites. We stayed in Tower 1 which has the Starbucks, small convenience shop, and a lounge. It is also the closest tower to the MGM wave pool and the rest of the MGM Grand shopping, restaurants, and clubs. Tower 3 is nice if you want to be closer to the strip. Just a five min walk down Harmon Street takes you right into the heart of the strip.All the suites come stocked with silverware, cooking utensils, pots, glasses, toiletries, towels, and tableware. There's a Jacuzzi soaking tub next to a stand up shower and dual sinks. Some of the rooms have balconies that overlook either the strip or the mountains.Just down the road (about a 10 min walk from Tower 1) is ABC store. It's stocked with every type of alcohol, beer, mixers, juice, and soda needed to stock up your room for the length of your stay. They also sell souvenirs and a variety of snack foods.  The charge for housekeeping is $25 per clean if booked through Las Vegas Suites. You call a number and schedule it. If you book through MGM directly, there is not an additional charge for cleaning, but I can guarantee you will not get as good of room for the money when booking this way. Believe me, I researched this trip for a few months. Just an FYI.... I will NEVER stay anywhere else now in Vegas and I will always book through LasVegasSuites.com. The customer service is amazing, and all my expectations were exceeded!
1	I recently booked an Amazon local deal with Las Vegas Suites. The deal was for $300 for two nights in a junior suite. When I called to book the weekend, I was told that the junior suites were all sold out, but if I wished, I could book a 1 bedroom suite for only $45 more per night. I was disappointed that the room was available and that I would have to pay more, but I agreed, as I was booking 3 suites on 3 vouchers, and I couldn't beat the price. After paying for the upgrade, the tax, and the resort fees on all of the rooms, Las Vegas Suites called me 10 days later to inform me that they would not be honoring the reservation. They said that the owners (LVS is just a management company) wouldn't allow the vouchers to be used. Way to shift the blame from your mistake to the owners. When I called and spoke to Crystal, the supervisor, she told me that there was nothing else that she would do. There was no way that she would help find some accommodation or way to make us whole and that it was not her problem. Some of the absolute worst customer service I have ever experienced.Edit: Shortly after this review was posted, Annabelle from LVS commented on it, pointing out a couple of things. The first was that they informed me that they would be canceling the reservation 5 days after I made them, not 10, which is correct. I had purchased the voucher 10 days prior. She also pointed out 2 other things, that the weekend staff is not able to process a reservation until Monday, and that they must adhere to the guidelines set by their owners. Again, way to shift the blame LVS, if you can't process a reservation until Monday, then I should have been told when I attempted to book, and then Monday, when the reservation was unable to be processed, I should have informed, not Friday. With respect to the owner guidelines, if my reservation didn't adhere to them, I shouldn't have been able to make them and my credit card shouldn't have been charged, however it was charged. Never have I worked with a company that tries so hard to make me think that their mistake was somehow my fault. I go to Vegas quite frequently and in my opinion, I have never run into such a poorly run organization. Finally, I still haven't seen the credit back to my account. $500 is not some trivial amount to let sit around, especially when I need to use that amount to find new accommodations. Don't ever book with this organization, I know I won't!
5	Stayed at the MGM Signature Suites before, but never in a room like Las Vegas Suites was able to book.  The room was fabulous and the balcony facing the pool was incredible.  We were on the top floor of the hotel and had an amazing view, even saw a Las Vegas sunrise right off the balcony.  Great price, great room, and amazing service.
5	My family and I really enjoyed our stay in Las Vegas. The room was very nice and spacious. Really great deal especially being located near the strip. It felt good to just leave your room and onto the strip within a matter of minutes. Being able to walk is a luxury when you drive everywhere so often. I am definitely planning a 2nd visit and would suggest staying at The Signature again. Viva Las Vegas!
5	I purchased a Living Social deal to stay at the Signatures for my son's 21st birthday. My family loved staying here, it was very nice and relaxing. The location is great and easy access to the MGM casino and strip. It was a pleasant experience dealing with LVS.
5	I bought a living social deal for the junior suite at Signature at MGM to celebrate my boyfriends final Marine Corps ball, and his last weekend of being in the Marine Corps. I let the staff know it was a special weekend and they gave us a penthouse suite with a balcony. The room was beautiful and I couldn't have asked for more. I will book with Las Vegas Suites every time I stay in Vegas!
1	Will NOT be booking through Las Vegas Suites aka Blue Chip Vegas again. TWICE they failed to put my reservation in the system, causing major delays during check-in. The first time I was alone, and The Signature at MGM Grand staff graciously put me in one of their rooms until someone from LVS could be located and found my reservation - causing me to change rooms at about 1 a.m. The second time, my wife and baby had to wait over an hour and I finally had to book a new room from The Signature at MGM Grand. The manager of the MGM graciously offered us free room service because we were so patient. LVS never even contacted me. When I called them to move into the room class I had booked (though they claim I never actually had a reservation), they were not apologetic in the least and refused to give me any discount. I later e-mailed a manager, Krystle, who rudely refused any discount. Let's see: MGM has nothing to do with this but gives free room service. LVS screws up my reservation and rudely refuses any compensation at all. Next time I will book directly with MGM. LVS is losing a long-time, repeat customer. NOTE: The Signature at MGM Grand - the three condo towers - is the BEST place to stay in Vegas. I love it - it feels like home. Just don't book through LVS/Blue Chip Vegas.
1	Don't do it. Do not book your room in Las Vegas through Las Vegas Suites unless you have some sort of money back guarantee. Once they get the cash you're on your own.I have used what used to be Blue Chip Las Vegas and now Las Vegas Suites several times over the past few years always staying at the MGM Signature. In the past we have not had any issues so it was really just a matter of booking the room through them. This year we had a problem with the booking and experienced a total lack of customer service firsthand. I booked two Jr. suites with balconies. During the booking process I stressed I wanted strip view with balconies for both rooms. I was quoted a price and when I confirmed and paid for the rooms I again made sure they understood we wanted strip view with balconies. After I received a confirmation e-mail from Las Vegas Suites clearly showing 2 Jr. suites with balconies I called for the third time just to make sure nothing would go wrong.When we arrived one of our rooms was fine but the other was a Jr. suite without the balcony so we called immediately and spoke to the "general manager" Krystal. After checking our reservation she informed me that they sent me the wrong information on my confirmation but had not charged me for the balcony room anyway so there was nothing they could or would do. We tried to work with them even offering to upgrade to a one bedroom suite as long as it met our requirements. Not only wouldn't they work with us Krystal told me the office closed in 5 minutes so she was leaving and no one would be there until the next day.I immediately sent the office and the owner Peter the confirmation email in hopes they would make it right after they reopened the next day but never heard a word back from either, so basically they can tell you anything they want, but as long as they charge you what's they said they were going to you are out of luck. I'm not sure what world they live in but that's not right in my book.The room itself was nice but they have fallen down on the little things; for example two mismatched wine glasses and only one coffee cup in the kitchenette, no soap in the shower are just a few small items that say to me "we are letting this property go so we are getting what we can, no need to worry about what the customer wants." There are lots of choices in Vegas please make sure this one is crossed of your list. The MGM Signature is great but do yourself a favor and book directly through them.
4	I went to Vegas for my 21st and rented a 2bd/2bth suite. It was amazing! We had groceries delivered for free, and anything we needed was promptly delivered to our room. Although I would have liked two adjoining suites, we had two side by side, where we could close the main doors and leave each bedroom door open, with a foyer type area. Over all, I enjoyed my stay at the Signature, and am glad I booked through Las Vegas Suites.
5	After a night of heavy and and accidentally falling at a night club and scar my face. I had a soothing stay at the the MGM signature. Our room had a full kitchen ( which I made a omelette to get rid of my hangover) and a whirl pool hot tube that helped me relax. Our room included some VIP tickets and a free mixer of vodka. Two bath rooms and one had a tv. The food court isn't that far from the signature itself but if your don't want to roam, the food the signature offers is great. I would always recommend staying at this hotel.
5	My friends and I decided to take a last minute trip to Vegas for our spring break and everywhere was either way too pricey or sold out.  My friend had booked through Las Vegas Suites for her birthday last year and I remembered how great it was.  Sure enough, we booked a suite with them and had a great time at the MGM Signature! Who could beat a low price room with a huge jacuzzi tub, king size bed, a pull out couch bed, and a great view?! Overall, great experience, definitely booking through Las Vegas Suites for my trips from now on!
4	I would give this service 5 stars, but my followers know that my review policy requires that I use a company multiple times for that. We travel annually to Las Vegas, and we have found over the years that The Signature at MGM Grand is our favorite place to stay. Until this year, we have contracted directly with the homeowner or the hotel to arrange accommodations, but this year we decided to try Las Vegas Suites because their rates were so much lower.Usually we've found that the old saying "You get what you pay for" holds true for us, but we decided to give them a try because the discount was deep. With the exception of no daily cleaning (which is available, but which we didn't need) we didn't notice a perceptible difference in booking EXCEPT the customer service was better with Las Vegas Suites. Same room, same finish level, same everything. From reservation to check-in to receiving our damage deposit back, our experience with Las Vegas Suites was professional. Add to that the substantial savings and you can see why I would recommend using their services.BTW, they also represent many other facilities - not just The Signature. RECOMMENDED: For anyone traveling to Las Vegas who wants to get a bigger bang for the buck on accommodations AND doesn't want to sacrifice customer service.
4	Stayed here during the Nightclub and Bar Convention and it was a fantastic stay. Check in was painless even though the room wasnt ready because we arrived early. But we were able to go to the pool and relax until it was. The room has a spectacular view of the Strip. Having the balcony was great. The kitchenette was very helpful so we could store beverages and use dishware/glassware. The bed was super comfortable and the couch and desk were both very helpful for places to set up my laptop and tablet. The Signature towers are very convenient to most things...easy access out toward airport, easy walk to Central Strip properties, etc. I would definitely recommend staying here to any of my friends visiting Vegas!
4	A TERRIFIC option that's on the strip, but secluded and ideal for adults, The Signature is MGM's trio of condo towers that are also available as hotel rooms (without daily maid service.)  Perfectly-sized kitchens hold breakfast, lunch, and cold beverages.  The pools (there are three) are stunning and peaceful with full bar service.  MGM's beautiful casino is only 400 steps away, but you might as well be in another (peaceful) state when you reserve a room or suite at The Signature at MGM.  Highly recommended by a frequent Vegas visitor!
5	Had a great time at a reasonable price! Was close to the main MGM which is connected to the pool, food court, casino and out onto the strip. Rooms are clean and comfortable.
5	Booked this with my girlfriends, we had just a great expereince we are booked to be back within 3 months!! Check in was quick and easy, they gave us a penthouse suite.  The views were amaxing and the balcony was a treat. The fridge worked out great for us so that we had cold water and drinks to go all the time. Access to the MGM Grand allowed us to easily access food, entertainment etc. Loved this place!!!
1	***BEWARE OF BED BUGS AT SUITES IN SIGNATURE AT MGM GRAND!!!  DO NOT RECOMMEND BOOKING THROUGH LAS VEGAS SUITES!***I booked two luxury suites for my friend's bachelorette party.  We were more than excited as the price was reasonable and the suites included a lot of great amenities.  Everyone was more than happy with the rooms until my friend started getting hives the day after we arrived.  Since no one else in her room was immediately affected, we thought she was having an allergic reaction to something else.After the group departed Vegas and returned home, my friend confirmed with a doctor that her and her family members contracted bed bugs.  I immediately contacted Las Vegas Suites, who also confirmed the room was positive for bed bugs.  In this type of situation, I would expect sincere apologies, great customer service, and ample compensation for damages.  However, I received none of the above.  I did not once receive an apology and I had to continue to follow-up to get in contact with someone here.I finally spoke to the general manager, Krystle, who explained the best they could do was credit me back $100.  $100 FROM A $2,800 BILL.  Clearly, this wasn't going to cut it so they offered me a total of $200...not so awesome.  I'm still working with them and now the Signature at MGM as to what they can do to help with this situation.Also, it appears Las Vegas Suites was previously BlueChipVegas, who received less than stellar reviews as well.  I do not recommend booking through this company despite the lower prices.  Please check reviews before booking!http://www.yelp.com/biz/bluechipvegas-las-vegas
1	A part of the package of my stay was tickets to a certain event. They never mailed it to me and I called them several times, they assured me that I can pick the tickets up at the hotel once I checked in. Needless to say it was not there. If they promise you tickets or any packages to book with them. Be wary. Also the hotel room I booked was not what they sold to me. I paid for a presidential suite and only got the luxury suite when I checked in.Shady business, I go to Vegas every labor day with a large group. I will not use Las Vegas Suites to book my rooms in the following years.
1	bad service, no connection with the front desk, no room service, no cleaning, no change of sheets, no extra towels. You are there all by yourself,  When you call the front desk, they would tell you they have nothing to do with your reservation. Then if you try to get in touch with LVS, you get an answering  service since it is after hours, and they would get back to you the following day.I would never use again.
4	I have used Las Vegas Suites a couple of times staying at the MGM Signature.  I love you get a room that is 1/2 the price of the hotel.  Not only is it a large bedroom and  separate sitting area, but you get a balcony and a full fridge.  It nice to stock up on drinks and some snacks.  You get to use the hotel facilities and they also have their own pool area if your looking for an area that is quieter than the hotel pool.  Overall I find it good bang for the buck.
5	We had a party of 5 and rented a connected suite that included 3 bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms.  It was a GREAT savings for a Las Vegas get-away.  Included all the amenities of a hotel and was top notch accommodations.  We loved it and would rent again in a second.
5	Just went to the Signature this weekend and really enjoyed the whole experience. I had never used an online  booking company before and was a little nervous about it . . .but Las Vegas Suites was so simple. They have pictures of everything so you know exactly what you are getting and there weren't any hidden resort fees. Our room was on the 34th. It was a 2 Bedroom 3 Bath suit with full kitchen and balcony. The rooms were really nice and up to date. I will defiantly use them again!
5	My stay at the cosmopolitan was the best experience I've had in Vegas room was clean and exactly as described!! The view was also amazing my next stay in Vegas will definitely be booked through Las Vegas suites Thank you for such a great experience
1	We LOVED The Signature at MGM but hated how we were treated using Las Vegas Suites. We will DEFINITELY return to The Signature, but will not use LAs Vegas Suites!
