5	The burgers are good and so are the prices. But if you really want to experience The Works skip the restaurant and sit at the bar. Introduce yourself to whoever is sitting next to you and I *guarantee you'll you have an interesting conversation. Unless you're the one who's not interesting.*I can't really guarantee anything. Wtf.
5	There are no menus here. Just a big chalkboard that dangles over you before you step into a short line and order your burger. The first thing you may notice is the "Retirement Burger," with a price tag of a cool million bucks, and it includes the burger, a drink, and the restaurant. A cheap joke, or kinda funny? You be the judge, but I've caught myself chuckling at it before. On top of that, the burgers here are rad. Yeah . . . rad. They cook them right in front of you while you wait and they have an entire table with condiments like fresh lettuce,  tomatoes, sweet relish and a few other goodies to complete your masterpiece according to your preferences. It's like a waaayyy less corporate Fuddrucker's. While you wait for your burger to cook up, I recommend an order of the 50/50 zucchini and mushroom appetizer to get you through. I bought a Powerball ticket this week. If things go well, maybe I'll get the Retirement Burger.
4	According to my boyfriend, this local bar type place rocks.  Food is always good, it's cheap, atmosphere is great and had a good conversation.  They grill the burgers right in view of you as you're ordering.  They also cook your burgers over charcoal so it gets real flavor in them!
5	So far this is the best hamburger in Phoenix that i have found.  I am a big fan of how they cook them.  they are actually cooked over a wood grill!!!  this is not your typical McDonalds grill... beacuse of this the burgers have a unique flavor...  once you get your burger you walk to the hamburger bar where you put on it what you like... much like fudruckers, but much more original!  I am also a fan of their fries... the place is pretty easy to get in and out of... do yourself a favor and try this place!
5	The burgers at The Works are friggin' amazing, there is not much more to say about it.  The menu is just a budget sign (where Cheddar is spelled "Chedder", yipes...) with a variety of burgers and sides that are sure to please.  The fixins bar is also outstanding, of course I am the kind of slob who tries to put 12 slices of tomato on his burger, so take that for what it's worth.  In addition, they have Super Mario Brothers of 8-bit Nintendo fame which you can play for a quarter while you wait for your burger.  I once made it to Level 8 before my burger was ready which says a lot more about my hours wasted playing Nintendo than their service, as the burgers always come up pretty quick.  Great place, highly recommended.
4	Yummy Yum Yummers! Great place for a burger! I'm never disappointed it. Awww, man and you totally have to try the fried mushrooms. Bad for your cholesterol but good for that "happy place" in your belly.I agree that the condiment bar is always fresh and kicks butt. Bonus: It comes with a sneeze guard for germ-o-phobes like moi!And as long as this place exists, it makes it hella hard for a sista to go Vegetarian.Hint: As with every place in the "uptown-ish" area, go early or late if it's lunchtime to get a parking spot or you'll be circling that little parking lot for several minutes.
5	Great burgers.... but the best wings in town now that Minders Binders closed.Order them hot and well done.Yum and a half!
3	In the mood for a burger last night, but not willing to settle for Yak-in-the-Box, Hubby suggested this place, to which he had been once before with a co-worker. It's a casual, dive-y sort of place, which I like. There were a lot of different types of people there- firemen, loners, business men and women... It's got a huge interior, some cool copper topped tables, and some seizure inducing lights (far too blinky for an exhausted grumpy me). You order your food at a small window once you have mooed your way through an amusement park-like railing system (albeit a short one) and you specify a burger (or from a short list of other menu items), and your options are bun type and cheese type. At no point did I get asked to what charness I want my ground cow. Hence, I ate puck on a bun. Next time, I'll ask for medium. A third pound burger was plenty (they have half pounders, too), and the bacon comes in circles (which is cool- bacon in every bite is never a bad thing!).  We also had the 1/2 mushrooms 1/2 zucchini side, which was ok. We've had better and worse of both. The topping bar was ok- your usual suspects together with the requisite peppers to make your experience  "southwestern."
5	Wow, this place is still here? I went there as a girl (15+ years ago) with the family on a regular basis. If it's still around, then it MUST be good!
4	I love this place. I sit in the bar and as one other reviewer noted, there is always someone interesting there to start up a conversation. The burgers are top dawg, the condiment bar allows me to fulfill my jalepeno quota, the wings are perfection, and the drinks are reasonable. When the weather is nice, grab a table outside. The service is a smidge slower, but the courtyard more than makes up for it. If the weather is warm settle in and enjoy whatever game they have playing (if you aren't seeing your team, just ask and they will happily turn at least one set for you).
3	If you were to open up the suggestion box this place has in its bar area, you would probably find 7 or so aging receipts for Fiesta Burgers that have one thing requested on them: "BBQ Sauce Please." They are all from me from my (thankfully) not very frequent visits here.This place is like a local Fuddrucker's sans the awesome Fuddrucker's condiment bar and quality burgers. Instead there is a a bare bones selection of toppings with only ketchup, mustard, and some A-1 to sauce your bad-memorial-day-BBQ-esque burger. Taking a bite of burger here, you would swear your idiot cousin Ricky who thinks he knows everything about grilling, but could screw up boiling a hot dog, is manning the grill. The food here would give this place only 2 stars, but it has its benefits. Its a cheap place to get something to eat when you want to watch some sporting event during lunch. I came for the Euro 2008 match between Russia and Sweeden and almost every T.V. there had it on. They have a decent-sized screen in the main room and plenty of small T.V.s in their bar area where you can also treat yourself to a sub-par selection of drinks during lunch time. (Picture the alcohol version of thier ketchup, mustard, and A1 sauce selection). Its dark, wooden interior also helps you hide from a blistering hot day like today's 110 degree heat. Along with its wooden interior is plenty of camp to cover the walls and some cabinet style old school arcade machines. The fact that it has its Ms. Pac Man cabinet running is the only advantage I can see this place really having over Two Hippies or any other cheap burger joint.
4	I totally love Hamburger Works. They have the best wings in town. Beware of the Hot, though, they'll kick your butt. Order them crispy and enjoy. The burgers are so-so, not the greatest, but still good. They have a small salad bar, so you can either get a salad, or load your burger up with whatever goodness you want. They have a rather large menu, mostly burgers and sandwiches, accompanied by the typical fried appetizer type foods - think mozzarella sticks, fried zucchini and mushrooms, chili cheese fries, the whole bit. Service is a little slow, but nice because you know you're not exactly eating "fast food". There are plenty of tables for parties of different sizes, and there's a bar, too. I have to admit, it's a little pricey for how dive-y it is, but it's worth it.
4	This is a great place to have within walking distance when we need to get our burger fix. I am not a huge burger fan but when I need one this is the place I choose to go. Other than that I usually order the spicy chicken sandwich.  A tender grilled breast smothered in wing sauce. Yum! An added bonus are the video games, they have a table pac man game and the original super mario brothers.I recommend the burgers, wings and chicken sandwiches all of them fire grilled right when you order them.
4	WTFriggz!!! Actually, this place is obnoxious if you go alone for your first time... like Vegas. Cool shit on the walls, old school Pac-Man or is it Centipede?? Now you get to stand in line like you're getting ready to ride Goliath at Magic Mountain. Today I gave my order to the head-cook. No! You don't pay yet, go over there and stand in line again... Ok, now you pay before you wait yet again for your lunch to be called out, first name basis. Your deliciousness comes served on a pizza tray. Why? Im sure Valley Pizza is looking for these.Awww-shit! They have Barq's Cream Soda!!!Ya know when you sat down to watch Alien vs. Predator and said to yourself "Man! This is going to be awesome!'  Then the feeling you get when the credits roll. Hamburger Works is nothing like that.
4	If I had a place to hang out in my backyard and had someone serve burgers, it'd kinda be like this place.  Prices are great, atmosphere is fun, owner is sweet and thoughtful (big screen that faces the patio, mister system, ceiling fans outside, stuff for the kids, etc.)  It's an interesting mix of people (all nice).  Burgers are good, teriyaki chicken is a bit too salty, their iced-tea machine is way cool, has all the DIY condiments you need for everyone's basic burger wishes.Helpful hint: Chico's Tacos (another great establishment) has coupons for Original Hamburger Works on a board in their shop.
4	I chuckle to myself (and to my co-workers) when I wait in the Disney-like line at Original Hamburger Works.  We all frantically discuss what we want and if we can have a bit of their this or that---- I'll get this, you get that, then we'll share and then let's get fries, oh wait, maybe Onion rings- or both and then I want a large drink right? or is this the place with the massive drinks?  Maybe I'll get a smaller one-- oh, hell- I'll get a large one and a mushroom burger and fries and onion ring and I'll load up an entire extra plate of condiments and stuff my face with pickles until they call my name.  So this is what it is like at the Works for me--- can't you see why so much love? The chicken strip are disappointing though, get a burger. P.S. 4 out 6 times here-- there have been a group of firemen eating there too--- yummo.
4	Though I rarely visit this place, I still find it the best place to fix your burger with your choice of condiments. Though the appetizers come in small doses, the onion rings are sweet and the zucchini are bite size. It has a nice open space.You can watch the current college game while waiting in line to place your order or find the best seating that you can watch it from afar. [Some day, hope to see someone order the Retirement burger.]
3	If you want a burger customized to your own taste with the standard condiments at a cheap price, in a Bonanza style setting with wood benches and tables, then this is the place to go in Phoenix.There is a choice of about 6 different style burgers to choose from cooked to order on a wood fired grill.  If you want a cheeseburger, there are 3 or 4 different cheeses to choose from.  I love the fact that there is a condiment bar where you are free to pile on as much stuff as you want, hello pickles, hello mustard, hello mayo, hello tomatoes.  You even get your choice of white or whole wheat bun!The soda fountain features some unique choices including red pop, and there is a good selection of sides that you can order  including chili cheese fries.  The decor is all Old West and I fully expected to hear a lady in a cowboy shirt and a 10 gallon hat ring a triangle to let us know our food was ready.  Seating is ample.OHW is unfortunately just another burger joint with nothing special warranting more than 3 or 3.5 stars, but it's a consistent meal at a fair price.
4	Great spot with the family. Food was great. Place was chill....wish we had one back at home. Kids loved pac-man. Place Rocks!
4	One day me and the sis and the cuz were wondering around central phoenix like we usually do... not knowing where to go, I was feeling Pizza A Metro, but the cuz wanted a burger she could sink her teeth into... I was drawing a serious blank when the sis shouted, "ORIGIONAL HAMBURGER WORKS!" ARR?? *lil puppy ears raise up in a questioning manner*She quickly drove us there and it was adjacent to Phoenix College and had a cool Encanto vibe... I dug it. It's right next to this paint ur own ceramic pottery place that seemed so cool! When we entered the works...It is HUGE on the inside! there are crazy signs from the 40s and 50s and traffic lights and the coolest copper topped tables. I totally dug it's cavernous feel. Ahhh... and the smell!! of fresh cooking meat!! WHOO HOO!!We had to go through a lil line that reminded me of Castles n Coasters and some of the older Taco Bells... hmmm not so cute. but I can see how it could be necessary... I can just imagine how busy this place gets at lunch time with the college just RIGHT over there! Their burgers sounded pretty average... terriyaki burger, bacon cheese burgers - there's no crazy toppings that don't make sense like some places... just straight up great burger classics. but WHAT is different about the way the menu looked was that they had a retirement burger?! WTF?? it comes with a boat and a car! sweet!! the perfect sides!! I bet burgers totally taste better on a boat!! Now if only I could get a $1,000,000 to find out if it's true!! But since I couldn't afford the retirement burger, I opted for a 1/2lb patty topped with bacon and cheese. The sis chose a side order of half zucchini & onion rings and the cuz threw it DOWN that night yo!! TWO half pound patties with cheese! I'm not cool enough to hang with that! :(We went around the corner, through the labrynth and paid we told the chick our name and got our cups, the soda fountain area is so cool! I love the Iced Tea section, there were many options to choose from! Sweetened black tea and green tea, raspberry and unsweetened tea... lovesit! and my sister's happy to see Red Creme soda can be found there too! When the food was ready I walked up to the wagon 'o toppings and had FUN! I buried my burger with mounds of lettuce, mayo, ketchup and some tomatos and tons of pickles... and when i was all done... I could barely fit it in my mouth! But somehow i managed and it was soo yummy!! Freshy cooked over a fire, it was so great! I haven't had such a good burger in a long time!my ONLY complaint is that I wasn't sure about the daily meal deals... I didn't see it until the last second! and that the sides are so SMALL!! HUGE ass burgers... lil baby sides! WTF?! and for almost as much as a burger?!?! NOT COOL!!But seriously, the people are cool and so are the other diners, there were tons of yummy firemen when I we went! Also, the attached bar looks like an awesome place to get drunk in!! It's totally on the list of places to try out! I really enjoyed myself here and got crazy full off of my huge burger and baby side! I still can't believe the cuz could handle a large double burger!! Craziness!! I'll definately be back with more in tow!To my yelpers: i say go!! and try the burgers and marvel at the round lil circles of bacon atop of a perfectly charred burger! Load up on the toppings (like I did) and try not to bitch about the small sides (like I did) and try each of different types of tea (like I did) and maybe even a beer or two and don't ask a fireman if you can see their hose... (like I did) cuz they just MIGHT! but BOOO!!! They took me out to their truck instead of getting out of their trunks!!
4	Overall the place is cool. I prefer a thick meaty burger, but this was a little thin. The cheese was a half slice of American and should have been bigger. The burger was a little over done compared to my request and the staff could have been a little nicer. With all the seemingly negative comments, it could very easily be one of the best flavored burgers I have had. The smoke taste was in every bite, the meat was quality and tasted fresh, the self serve condiment bar was a plus, the red cream soda was a nice surprise. The frys were frys, a little crispy and perfect. I will be back and I will get the 1/2lb with extra cheese. I am sure I will be re-rating to a 5 if the staff steps it up too.
4	Burgers are one of those things that have branched out into several sub-genres. The Original Hamburger Works sticks with the classic, hand-shaped and flame broiled. Yes, much like you'd make at home. This isn't a fast food burger. This isn't a gourmet burger. This is a BURGER. And a burger place that you want to eat at. The chili cheese fries are sick. In a good way. Love it!
4	we randomly came across this place driving back from encanto park (where we saw a dog obedience school, which was hilarious).the interior is caked with old-style saloon type stuff (like an entire wagon where all the sauces were located). they have plenty of specialty burgers (but no veggie burgers). also, on the menu, apparently you can buy this place for $1 million.i had the hawai'ian burger which was awesome. you can eat at the bar (oh, they also have a full bar and video crack), which has free popcorn from one of those old-school popcorn machines. the fried zucchini and the onion rings were really good as well. i guess they have horseshoe and some other outdoor games in the back, but we didn't have time to check that out. they close way too early.the cougar at the bar was nice, but could have been nicer.
3	Upon the high marks that this place got I ventured out to try it for myself.  Unfortunately, I found the burgers underwhelming.  Granted, I ordered it for take-out, but the 15 minutes between pick up and consumption shouldn't have caused the meat to be so dry.  Maybe it was the de-humidifier that I was running on the way home that had something to do with it.  I read that the burgers were made to order and they did make the burgers that I ordered, though they didn't ask me how I wanted it cooked.  There too, I'm a dick and you'd want to get off the phone with me too.  But ultimately when I got home the first burger I bit into was very dry.I can't give a fair review of the second burger because I tried it the next morning off the counter where I left it.  You know what they say about breakfast.  I can say the bun was still good.  Maybe that's where the moisture went.  This review is in no way associated with that experience.  More so it speaks to the fact that I eat anything. I also ordered onion rings, zuchini and mushrooms.  I ate the rings on my way home and they were good although not plentiful.  The zuchini and mushrooms were ok.Since it was take-out I can't really elaborate on the decor too much other than salad theft must be a real problem in that neighborhood.Due to the location (relative to me) and the vast number of other burger options, I will probably not be back.  But that's just my experience, another patron did make a point to compliment the staff on a fine burger on his way out while I was there.
4	The Original Hamburger Works is one of my fave places to grab a bite. They have enough room to ensure that you'll always [well, ALMOST] always have a place to sit, the decor is muy retro/college hangout/rustic ambience and there's lots and lots and LOTS of burgers from which to choose.You can even see your burger being cooked if you want--and no, none of the burgers have been sitting and drying out to year-old cow-patty consistency, which is another bonus. And there's a great variety of burgers, too! And these folks are generous in the community, too--one year, they donated one whole day's worth of revenues to the family of a Phoenix police officer who had been killed in the line of duty. And best of all, it's another local business, which all us Yelpers need to support!
4	Just a great burger.  With a condiment bar the size of most salad bars you can make the burger exactly how you want it.  Cheap deals on beer/pitchers, make this ideal for an after golf hang out.  FYI.  Bring your receipt from either Encanto golf courses to get a dollar off of pitchers.
4	Hands down the best burgers....Fresh and juicy and hand-made.  The condiment bar is fantastic and they have A-1 steak sauce !!  The patio is really nice, situated in a courtyard and off the street.Always a joy to visit this burger joint.
4	After having fully recovered from my nightmarish Burger Studio experience, the Husband and I decided to try another restaurant that specializes in burgers.  This time, however, was a completely different experience.The menu has an offering of burgers, chicken, and fish and chips.  There are onion rings, fried mushrooms, and fries for sides.  A few other items round out the simple item and everything is very reasonably priced, most being under 6 dollars.  I chose the bacon cheeseburger with American cheese and a wheat bun.  A pleasant surprise is the fact that you can choose between white, wheat, and onion buns.  Yay!  We also got a side of fries to share.  The total for 2 Works burgers, a side of fries, and 2 sodas was about 16 bucks.  Not bad at all.I could immediately see that I was getting a good burger when I took off the top bun and visited the condiment bar.  The burger patty itself was large and slightly misshapen, definitely a hand formed patty.  The condiment bar has pretty much all the typical fixings that you would expect.  This was a good burger.  It was well seasoned, nicely cooked, and had a great charred taste.  The bun was fresh tasting and a nice change from the typical sesame seed burger bun.  The fries were portioned for one person, but they were substantial and tasty.I really enjoyed this place from the cheap prices to the awesome vintage decor.  The tables were brushed copper and very cool looking.  The entire restaurant is actually larger than it looks from the outside and even has a bit of outdoor seating.  There is a decent sized bar on the side of the restaurant that everyone seemed to be having a great time at.  If I am in the mood for a no-nonsense good quality burger, I will definitely come here.
3	The Original Hamburger Works is not too far from where I work in downtown Phoenix, so when a group of us head out for lunch, we occasionally end up here. As the name indicates, they specialize in hamburgers, but they also have chicken burgers as well. The food is good and very reasonably priced. The fries are excellent. The soft drinks you vend yourself, so don't pay for a large cup. Get a small or medium size and keep going back for more.  The protocol is to stand in line and place your order at the window. They call your name over a loudspeaker when your order is ready.
4	This is really the perfect place for a college area.  Too bad it is wasted on Phoenix College.  The place is big, cluttered with cool stuff on the walls, and has a bar & a smoking patio.  The ordering process is fast and makes it easy.  It's like Fudruckers but edible.  I ordered the Hawaiian Burger.  While it wasn't as good as the one I used to get at Goofy Goose in Tacoma, it was still pretty good.  The patty was huge, hand-formed, and perfectly cooked.  The bun was tasty.  There was ample Swiss cheese and teriyaki sauce on the burger as well.  The only complaint was that it only had one pineapple which was a 1/4 the size of the burger.  I really only got the full "Hawaiian Burger" experience when I got into the middle where the pineapple was.  Oh well, it was still good.The side order of fries was tasty enough and their onion rings looked good.  The condiment bar was a bit lacking.  I was hoping for lots of different sauces like honey mustard or horseradish but it was pretty much the basics.  The salad bar didn't look all that good to me but why are you getting a salad at a burger place?In all, great burger, good prices, and exactly what I expected.  WAY better than Burger Studio.
5	Their grilled chicken sandwich makes my mouth water just writing this. Absolutely the best in Phoenix. The chicken is juicy and oversized . Love the self serve condiment bar to dress your sandwich to your liking. Prices are inexpensive. The beer battered onion rings are very tasty. This place is a bit shabby but who cares because the food makes up for it.
5	By far the best burger I have had in Phoenix.The menu is simple and to the point. If you want a good burger in Phoenix this is the place to go. The meat is just so much better than Lenny's, Lucky Boy or any other place in town.
4	Yesterday morning, we went to St Joe's to see our new niece. She's 6 pounds 14 ounces, 17 inches long and I absolutely love her! Less than 24 hours old, Patience Marie is quite possibly the most miraculous thing to happen in my life since the births of my nieces in Ohio. So, seeing a newborn can certainly work up an appetite and since we were in the neighborhood, we decided to go to Original Hamburger Works. My mother-in-law shared a story about her last visit here, as we left the hospital. Apparently, on of the barmaids was celebrating her last day by exposing her breasts and allowing male patrons to feel their suppleness. Or offer their services in checking for abnormal conditions. Of this I was unclear. But, we verified that Original Hamburger Works does indeed have hamburgers so off we went. This was my first time going to OHW, and I must admit it's a bit confusing--especially if you come in the back entrance. Just so you don't walk in and take a seat (and look like a fool waiting for someone to wait on you) here's the lowdown: Proceed to the main dining area and get in line. Before you order, be aware there are many choices: First, if you're ordering a burger, they come in various sized--small one, big one (1/3#), double big one (2 of the previous patties), great big one (1/2#) and super great one (+1#). Then there's the buns, either onion, whole wheat or white. Then, there's the cheeses: Swiss, cheddar, jalapeno jack, American, provolone). If you're too intimidated to build your own burger, there are about half a dozen specialty burgers from which to chose. We ended up getting the Big One special, which came with fries for $5.49 but does not include your drink. Don't worry, though. They have a fully stocked bar in the next room! After your name is called, you can doctor up your burger with their selection of toppings. I went with the simple scoop of mayo. You do know white people love mayonnaise? Truly a wonderful burger.How I'd never been to OHW prior to this weekend is beyond me. I know I'll be going back again and again. We did not, however, have to be subjected to exposed breasts during our visit. Unless you consider the ones of the chicken being grilled next to our burgers.
4	After moving here from the midwest I found it hard to find a decent burger.  (I'm still searching for decent BBQ.)  Anyway, my man and I finally tried The Original Hamburger Works.  You like big, juicy burgers?  A choice of white, wheat, or onion buns?  Would you like a "salad wagon" with all the condiments you can pile on?!  Of course you would!And if you don't then just go eat at In & Out burger where you don't get any choices.  Blech!There's lots of big, comfortable booth seating, the prices are reasonable, and portions are large.  They'd get 5 stars if their staff were a little more professional and courteous.
5	Good prices, awesome burgers that are fresh, and cooked on a wood fired grill. Condiments and such are do-it-yourself. Fries are home-made and good. Outside has smoking area. Could use some better beers on tap, and wifi would attract more college students. Still worth 5 stars.
4	I do enjoy Hamburger Works - every once in a while, I just HAVE to have one of their burgers.  The basic cheeseburger and fries special #1 is all it takes to make me a happy boy, if a bit bloated.The same cannot be said for the interiors.  If cleanliness is next to godliness, then the owners of this place must worship Satan.  Also, the place is in dire need of a redo.  A fresh coat of paint and some new furniture would really be worth the investment!
2	i love the style of the place,the food was ok... not great... I didn't order anything exciting though... just burger and fries.. i think they could have a good business if they expanded hours and worked the bar angle more... they have a good place for it but only open til 11.... the wagon of salad was funny.
2	Well it has been about three weeks since I made the choice to visit this shrine to all that is burger, and I wanted to share my experience. I was online looking through reviews for other burger places when I found this place. I noticed that the reviews seemed pretty good so I decided to check it out. So on a Friday afternoon my buddy and I walked in to this old school looking building searching for what I was hoping was going to be one tasty burger ( think Samuel L. Jackson in pulp fiction) and I was right! The burgers are a nice size given some of the prices (7 bucks for a burger)?  My tasty burger featured American cheese and a well done patty that looked like someone had made it at their house. Large disk shaped patty grilled the way I like it and ready for the several toppings I would choose to add from their topping bar. That 's right they have a section set up where you decide what you want to add to your sandwich. Cool, huh? OK so now that the good stuff has been said let 's get to the bad. First as the saying goes all that glitters is not gold was talking about this place. From the old looking tables that featured chairs that looked like they where taken from the set of Roseann, to the small and expensive order of fries I received there where some areas that needed improvement asap. The lady taking our order was not the most friendly person you will ever meet and the bar section was to close to the dinning room section so you get the full effect of being a loud drinker without having to pay 4-5 bucks for a beer. Also some of the decorations looked kind of dusty like they where kept outside during the last dust storm. So if you want good burgers then this is a good place for that. But if you want a cool hangout spot you may want to pop in a DVD of cheers and grab that burger to go.
3	My boyfriend likes burgers...I don't. Not really. I don't eat red meat, usually, and plain old hamburgers remind me of my earnest (but kind of white trash) youth. Not hatin', just sayin'. My boyfriend's boss raves about Original Hamburger Works, and my boyfriend had been there once before. Tonight, he insisted that we try it together. I was down...I like trying new things, and I have some kind of inchoate desire that I haven't really articulated, even to myself, to try every restaurant in a 10 mile radius of our apartment. I WILL become a minor, pompous authority on dining downtown. I will. Parking is easy, and the outside is pleasantly run down. The inside is even more pleasantly run down...another page torn right out of the worn tome of my aforementioned childhood. It reminds me of the kind of joints my family used to frequent when I was a kid...a little bit dirty, a little bit smelly, a little bit full of people over the age of forty getting their bump and grind on. Okay, we didn't sit in the bar area. I just...wasn't down with the hazy, purple-gray mist settled around it in the form of  bad set jobs. I think some of them were knitting lambskin condoms. We opted instead for the regular dining area, which is still dirty and smelly but also conspicuously void of any geriatric sexual activity. Everything in the restaurant is worn down, and not in a "faux aged" way...it's worn. It's chipped. Frayed. Tattered. Etcetera, ad nauseam. I see other Yelpers have been bothered by this detail. I myself was not. In fact...I kind of liked it. Just know that the other reviewers are for real - the place is a bit of a sty. You walk up, place your order, they call your name, you pick it up, and then you load up your burger/sandwich (for sandwiches are present, too) with condiments at the generous condiment bar. I had the 1/3 pound Hawaiian burger, which is basically a burger with a canned pineapple ring slapped on top of it. The menu indicated that teriyaki sauce would be involved, but I don't think that actually happened. My boyfriend had The Great Big One, or something like that, which is just a regular old burger, but...Great Big. We also shared an order of Arizona Fries, which are startlingly similar to the fries belched out of any other greasy burger place, within Arizona's borders and beyond. My boyfriend loves the burgers. He counts them among the best he has ever had. I liked it well enough, and I'm sure we'll visit again, but I wouldn't call it "among the best burgers I've ever had." Then again, I don't like burgers, so maybe you shouldn't take my word for it. Something you can totally take my word for: the honey mustard? Yeah, it's not good. Don't even waste your time filling up a little plastic cup of it to dip your fries in. The ranch dressing, though, is worth pilfering.
4	I like this place.  I like it a lot.  I'm a sucker for run down places with good food and a kid friendly atmosphere.  I've never eaten anything here that I wasn't happy with.
4	While this place cannot be considered healthy by any means, if you are need of a good ole' greasy burger fix, this place fits the bill.  My sister just recently discovered this place through a co-worker and has been bugging me to go with her ever since.  I was really surprised at how big the space is inside, tons of seating, a bar area and even an outdoor patio with tables and games!Although I haven't been since I was a kid, I am guessing this is similar to the Chuckbox, order at the counter, and then they call out your number.  After you grab your burger, you head over to a giant wooden wagon that serves as the condiment bar.  It is stocked with tomatoes, ketchup, lettuce, pickles, hot peppers, mustard, mayo...you name it.  One side of it serves as a salad bar, so I guess if you went there and just got salad you consider it a healthy restaurant.Their main gig is burgers, and they come in a variety of sizes from 1/3 lb all the up to a full pound and with a variety of toppings.  They also have some chicken sandwiches and even a grilled fish sandwich on the menu!The burger was pretty good, the cheese was melted and I liked that I got to top it off just the way I like it.  But I have to say my favorite thing was the Fried Zucchini and Onion Rings.  I know most things are good once they are fried, but the batter on these was just right, and they were crisp, not a soggy mess.  I scored myself some ranch dressing off of the salad bar and I was in deep fried heaven.So, while I won't be visiting here every week, every now and then I can see it hitting the spot.
4	I can see why this has been here for 25 years. Great burger indeed, great atmosphere, the vintage pacman machine up front made me laugh. Interesting the divide between the cozy dining room when you first enter to the lively bar as you explore more. Ping pong table outside, and horseshoes!
1	Really come on people, I had a thin dry ass over cooked bland hamburger and some undercooked cold fries. Nasty. I won't be going back. Price was right taste was wrong. The biker atmosphere and poorly prepared burgers will make sure i wont be going back.
2	I am sure if my husband sees this he may just very well divorce me!  He has been going to the OHW since he was a kid, and even though I am an AZ native as well, I had never been here. So last Friday after work, I said I need a burger and a beer, and we ended up here vs our usual Originial Wineburger (the 19th ave and Bethany location). I thought the atmosphere was fun, they are going for the this-place-is-old-as-hell-and-may-fall-apart-at-any-moment-yet-clean look.Our order was taken very quickly, but its kind of confusing that you order at one register and then walk around, and stand and wait to be noticed to pay at the other register only 10 feet from the one you were just at...but whatev. Our food was out very fast! We each ordered burgers, then we split some fries and onion rings. The onion rings will get me to go back again, they were soooo good! The fries were ok. My burger was dry, had no flavor and the bun was stale as all get out. The condiment bar, ie the build your own burger, didn't impress me. There was nothing special on it. Seriously toss some green olives on there and you may peak my interest...but everything on the condiment stand could easily be in bottles at each table. I went to the bar and got 2 bottles of Stella...for $8, holy heck! Not cool. We sure as heck werent in Scottsdale last I checked we were in the avenues. I do have to say, one thing that actually made my mouth drop open and then when I showed it to the hubs his mouth also dropped open in disbelief was that they have Barqs RED CREAM SODA!!! Thats like the holy grail of sodas right there! If they offered vanilla ice cream there I may have just moved in and lived off of red cream soda floats for the rest of my life or until I slipped into a diabetic coma. If the hubs wants to go back I will not fight it only because of the red cream soda and the onion rings. But as far as burgers go, give me a Original Wineburger, I like burgers that have flavor, are juicy and on amazing freshly baked buns!
4	Craving a burger from the grill?  Go to hamburger works.  Unlike a lot of hamburger places in town this place cooks your burger on a real BBQ like the one in your backyard.  Well sort of :) their BBQ is a lot bigger!  Ordering is kind of weird you order at the station next to the grill then walk around the corner to pay and then they call out your number.  I think they do this so that you can walk around and see the burgers grilling and the kitchen.  On the other side of the place there is a full bar.  They also have an outside eating area and back entrance.  The food is awesome.  I have been here pretty regular since I discovered it on yelp.  The buns have always been fresh and the burgers are grilled so they are not as juicy and greasy.  But thats a good thing.  They have an awesome flavor! The condiment bar is pretty cool.  You get the standard fair.  This is pretty much a build your own burger place.  I like to take my burger and put lettuce tomato onions and thousand island.  Its like an in and out on steroids! The fried fair is good. Im not a fan of their french fries I usually go for the half mushroom/zucchini combo.  But if you get a combo with fries I recommend getting a ranch cup from the condiment bar and dipping them in that.  Their ranch is so good!   The Chicken sandwich is also good.  Get the plain unless you want to be covered in sauce. Overall I love this place this is a great family restaurant and you wont break the bank.  Only thing I would knock a star off is for customer service.  About half the time the person behind the counter seems to have an attitude for some reason.  Will be back for another burger.
5	This is the best burger I have had in Phoenix. Grilled just right, and I get to put the fixing's on. The kids loved it too. They know how to handle a line of customers. We got there right at lunch time. There was maybe 10 in line. It still only took a few minutes. what a great place.
4	There's something incredibly charming about this place. Old and kind of dark, I live a couple miles away from this place and I had no idea it was there. Food was really more 3 1/2 stars but the fries were bomb and I was starving so I'm feeling generous enough to bump it up to 4.I was with a fellow Phoenician who requested to remain nameless because he is weird. Eh fuck it, I don't care that much, it was Collin S. Mystery solved, woohoo.Now on to the burgers. All beef ground patty was on the thin side, but I was totally cool with that as it allowed me to pile on 8 feet of toppings! For once I've found a topping bar that wasn't ill-kept and made me feel like dozens of chidren's unwashed hands had been rifling through everything. Flavorful and tasty and CHEAP. Have I had superior burgers? Absolutely! But not for the price of a McDonalds happy meal and that was A-OK with me.Bottom line, Original Hamburger Works is the perfect place to go when you want a quality burger and fries at fast food prices with the luxury of a liquor license.
4	Great casual burger restaurant and bar that caters to the downtown Phoenix crowd, Encanto golf course and neighborhood and students from Phoenix College along with St. Mary's and Brophy Prep High School students. Go in for lunch on a weekend and you'll find numerous golfers cooling off after a round on the links and on Friday nights during high school football season you'll see families getting a bite before Brophy Games at the Phoenix College stadium.The burgers are big and juicy and with the condiment bar you can add whatever toppings you like. The french fries are thick and seasoned well. My wife loves the ham steak sandwich and the kids like the choice of hamburgers, hot dogs or chicken fingers.The decor is like an old-fashioned tavern with gas station and other kitschy decorations overlooking wood benches and tables. The TV's usually have ESPN or some sporting events on and you can also sit at the bar or on the patio when the weather permits.As a whole, the restaurant is very reminiscent of the Chuck Box in Tempe and the Monastery that used to be at 28th and Indian School. A great casual atmosphere to get eats and drinks without the pretension found at some of the new upscale burger joints in town.Good food for a great price!
4	Family and I really enjoyed this place, luckily we came by during off peak hours. I have driven by at times and the parking lot was full. But it has a great environment, burgers were very good, fries and onion rings were great. Overall we had a great time and we will come by again.
4	I've been going to OHW for several years. Just have been ignoring my burger cravings. I am in agreement that the burgers are good and the fries are okay; but the fried food (onion wrings, zucchini, mushrooms) are great!!! My roommate has gotten the chicken sandwiches and we both fill up on the "fixings" bar. I forgot how great the Ranch dressing is; also they have (or had) FANTA Red Creme Soda; I don't know why but I love that stuff.
4	The bad: the bar closes at 10pm.  It seems like the western, country, wagon-wheel themed bar that you'd like to close down one night while playing some good tunes on the juke box and eating peanuts.  And also the french fries, file those under bad.The good: the hamburgers are pretty much delicious.  Definitely go for guacamole, and add whatever you want from the topping wagon.I didn't try one myself, but I hear the cookies are good.
4	Great neighborhod bar with awesome ($2.50 pints in frozen glasses!) prices.  Hamburgers and fries are pretty decent.  Potato with chili cheese was huge (but cost more than my beer) and yummy.  Super friendly and awesome service, plus a large outdoor seating area.
2	Not in a burger mood, I went for the fish n chips.Hello, rubbery batter!*pfffffft* (that's how you spell the sound a fart makes.)Fries were yummy.  Ordering process was organized.*ppffffffffffffttttttttttt*I like the different varieties of tea.  I don't like mine sweetened.Good lunch hour crowd.  Lots of men.*ppppffffftttttt*
4	Buy a burger, put on your own toppings, and destroy! Why so serious?
3	As if trapped in a bad cowboy movie, I bellied up to the bar at The Original Hamburger Works and couldn't help but think, what have I gotten myself into?Country music was playing on the jukebox, and it was a little unnerving to overhear a conversation between other patrons about a bar fight.Then the buxom bartender said "hi" and something in her voice was genuine and welcoming and her smile could have brightened a room. Pouring a pitcher of beer from the tap, then setting an ice-cold glass in front of me, she offered up a menu.While the 30-year-old eatery in Phoenix is showing its age, the attitude is laid back and super friendly.The Original Hamburger Works has two dining rooms, the bar and a more family-friendly space. The taste is decidedly kitschy, with walls covered in vintage signs, sporting memorabilia and chotchkies galore. The atmosphere is fun. Large tables can accommodate big groups. Orders are placed and paid for at the counter. In the bar, orders are taken by the bartender.Like a campfire, there is something mouthwatering about the strong smell of mesquite wood smoke emanating from the kitchen. You can tell from watching the cooks manhandle slabs of meat over an open flame that the burgers here are treated right.The centerpiece of the dining room is a wagon filled with fresh-sliced tomatoes, lettuce, onions and pickles and condiments and salad dressings. You are in control of your burger destiny with as many ladles of ranch dressing as you'd like. I'd recommend not going too heavy on the condiments and toppings; the burgers here can stand on their own.Biting into the Big One ($4.09) gives new meaning to the whimsical saying. A deep amber charbroiled crust surrounds the 1/3 pound of fresh ground beef, inside it's perfectly medium, as ordered. The meat is toothsome, well seasoned and bursting with a wonderful beefy caramelized flavor.Potatoes, aka fries ($1.79), were disappointingly pale and seemingly unsalted. I'd opt for the Onion Rings ($2.69), fried golden brown and addictive with dunks into ranch dressing.If you don't eat red meat you're in luck, they make a juicy Chicken Sandwich ($5.09). Cooked over the same mesquite coals, this sandwich has a surprising amount of satisfying heft. The Italian version gets a treatment of flavor, adding Italian dressing before getting cooked to a savory finish.Fair warning: When eating Buffalo Wings (nine pieces for $5.95) don't wear a nice shirt. These are so sloppy that you may need a stack of wet-naps to get through the plate, but exactly how they should be.The Original Hamburger Works might be a little bit country, but the burgers are a whole lot of rock 'n roll.
4	Here's an oddball place for you!  Like Dos Gringos Mexigrill, it's a big, seriously nutty sports bar & restaurant.  This one is junked up not only with a zillion signs, but also with car parts, traffic signals, & a gas pump!  With them having the nerve to call their Big One "the best hamburger anywhere" on their Website, I figured I'd better whip in there & find out!Burgers here START with 1/3 lb. of meat, & go up to 1/2 lb. & then A FULL POUND if you want!  I ordered a regular "Big One", which is the 1/3 pounder.  You get bread choices (nice!), & I went with a whole wheat bun, which was big & fresh.  I also ordered fries & a side of chili.  You order in one place, & pay at another, while they barbecue your hamburger steak on a Mesquite-burning grill.  Yum!Pretty soon my food was ready for pickup, filling a plastic picnic plate sitting on a big pizza pan, which (presumably) is clean enough for you to recover all the food that WILL fall onto it from your mile high burger creation.  (You put all of your own fixin's on the burger.)I added mayonnaise, mustard, onions, lots dill pickle slices, a little relish, lettuce, & 3 tomato slices to my burger, plus I got a little cup of ketchup on the side to dip the burger in.  There were also peppers, olives, & other items available.I really could have done without all the "atmosphere" here, & the chili was blah, but the burger & fries were both excellent, & so was the value.  Best hamburger anywhere?  I don't know, but it's somewhere up there & this is quite a place.  Try it!     :-))Big One & Fries $5.49, Side of Chili $1.09 = $6.58
3	10/22/2010 Five Star Fries The food got so much better here when smoking butted out. I sometimes entertain ideas about what I'd recommend in Phoenix to a foreign visitor. I get up on my little cerebral stage, crack a few bad puns to make the ideas groan then sing old school fight songs and "Semper Paratus" in my off-key bass. A good idea is hard to entertain, especially with talents like mine. There are some slicked out burger spots, like a ducktail flattop haircut. Stainless steel diamond-grid walls, the obligatory Marilyn Monroe "Some Like it Hot" subway skirt blowing pic. A framed graphic of a '57 Chevy with LED's for headlights. Jukeboxes in malt-shop booths. These would be fun and interesting to many burger-seeking visitors from afar. Great pictures home from the phone, Elvis singing "Blue Suede Shoes" for a quarter, a chocolate shake from real scooped ice cream like hardly anyone makes in eateries these days.  Like the 1950's on stage.  I'm thinking I'd advise my imaginary visitors stop by the Original Hamburger Works. There's considerable menu variety: chicken, fish, even veggie for the soy-lovers among us. Whatever amount of flattened ground beef you want is grilled amid dancing flames before your eyes, exactly how done you want it, then sandwiched twixt your choice of a whole-wheat, regular or onion bun. If you need a beverage, the full service bar and it's flat-panel entertainment buddies straddle the worlds of indoor and outdoor tables. The out door patio is punctuated by winter fire-pits. The indoor tables are close to the carbonated all-you-can-guzzle soft drink bar.   Iced tea, Texas sweet, green or regular standing by, wait to be cool. Back in burger land and the fixins buffet, you get to make up your sandwich with fresh lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, onions and?  Cute little cups are fillable with catsup for the phenomenal hand-cut fries.  If you're a fry sauce kind of human, there's thousand island, mustard, mayonnaise and relish for immediate use or custom-mixing.  Plus a small salad bar, only if you pay for one. Hamburger Works was doing this long before the slick 12 dollar do-it-yourself burger chains were conceived. As other reviewers mention, it's full of all sorts of old signs and Phoenician memorabilia. The wood-paneled walls have been nicotined and burger-sooted to the patina of Shakespeare's favorite pub.  If your a museum-gazer kind of person, your eyes will never rest.   It's a low-cost college eatery and bar crossed with a neighborhood hangout I once inhabited - the Snug Saloon.  Without beer kegs seats and cable-spool tables at the Original Hamburger Works.  It's more civilized.  Simply an original, Arizona American burger kind of place appealing to every age, family, and walk of life. That's why I entertain ideas of why I'd recommend this place to visitors from anywhere. It's a unique institution at Thomas and 15th Ave.  Plus there's stores adjacent, open evening hours, with all the swag visitors and home decorators love to investigate and buy. For now, from me, to visitors, I'd recommend the Original Hamburger Works
4	This place is a straight up burger shop. No thrills, no gimmicks. If you love cheeseburgers, you need to come here. They make everything to order, so you can have just about any combination and you can add whatever condiments you want; as they have a full sized salad bar full of condiments.Walking in, the place screams cheeseburger... not a place for vegans.
3	Chili was awesome... Good toppings bar but nothing out of the ordinary. Burger was moist & well cooked but without seasoning. Great chocolate shakes!
4	The menu is almost identical to Chuckbox... even the burger names.  I've been trying to find out if OHW & CB are "related" or just shockingly similar. Went there for the first time yesterday for an early dinner with friends.  Love the "shabby" decor - the ancient cig machine by the front door was bitchen.  The burger was great - although Chuckbox is a wee bit better, in my opinion.  You can taste the smoke on the meat better at Chuckbox.  Plus CB has this excellent hot sauce... OHW just had Tabasco.  We didn't enjoy the outside accomodations but they looked really nice - patio seating, games, etc.  It was just too cold yesterday.  The bar was separate so it's definately a kid-friendly place.We decided to get a milkshake after my friend's little boys came back with one that was so dark and chocolatey looking.  Never seen one so chocolatey looking!  I was shocked at the price ($5.41!!!!) but have to say (and my husband agreed) that it was well worth it.  Definately the BEST chocolate milkshake I've ever had.  And worth the $5+ pricetag.
5	WOW!!!!!!!!!  This is one of the best "hole in the wall" diner/sports bars I've been to that was actually fun, great burger and the staff are all very friendly (a little slow), but friendly.  I was there with my son, grandson and cousin that was in town visiting.  We were all able to sit in the bar, watch the game (cards lost...no surprise there, but the bears won!), have a great meal and enjoy the ambiance.  I would recommend this to anyone, drinkers or non drinkers alike.  There is a condiment bar so you put on your burger whatever you want.  I enjoyed the Fiesta Burger and the guacamole was so tasty and fresh.  Awesome!
4	Great burger at a great deal especially with Restaurant.com gift certificate.  Buy $20 worth of food for $10 buck.  Wife and kids had dinner here about 5 times and everytime we have left over.  1/2 pound of meat is alot to handle.  the place does need remodeling, has that old feel to it.
4	This is probably the best mom and pop hamburger joint in Phoenix.  It may look like a hole in the wall and dated but the food is good, service is decent and the prices are super-reasonable. I've never had a bad hamburger from here. If you are a vegetarian or uber-health conscious there is not much on this menu if at all to please you.  The burgers are delicious as are the chicken sandwiches.  According to the menu there are fish and ham sandwich options.  Have not eaten them but they are probably good as well, same goes for the cocktails.  My only concern would be for maybe for them to have salads or healthier options?
4	Although I had no plans to eat here, the opportunity presented itself and my husband was getting hungry so I had only minutes before there was a possibility he would launch into d-bag mode.  OHW reminds me of Bun Huggers in Flagstaff both in decor and concept, where you wait in line to order off the overhead menu, burgers are cooked to order, and you help yourself to the topping bar.  Only here, the green chiles are fresh.  + 100 stars for that!  Burger and rings were great, but the fries were nothing special.Several sized burgers are offered (in addition to chicken and fish) which is great for me because the one thing I can't eat in vast quantities is ground beef, so the small is the perfect size.  The topping bar was reasonably clean, they were busy, but the produce looked fresh.  They even have the coke dispenser with the computer interface, as well as the standard fountain.  While in theory it should shorten the drink lines, not so much when there's a child in front of you or a 40+-year old who needs instruction on how to work it.  Screw you dude behind me waiting impatiently while I read the instructions!
4	My wife and I checked OHW out because of a Restaurants.com special (got the $10 off $20 food coupon for $1.50!)  It's a bit far for us to go, but we've been there twice already.  The food reminds me of a place in CA that had equally great mesquite grilled burgers.  The salad bar is good too.  I just wish they had real bacon bits rather than the fake stuff.  All of the other salad ingredients are fresh and delicious, if somewhat standard.  The single serving plate is reasonably priced and generous in proportion.  Too large, really, because I had to take my burger to go after eating the salad!  It made a great dinner.  My wife enjoys the onion rings very much. I sneaked a bite of hers and can attest to their quality.  She is not as jazzed about this place as I am, but does like the food.Weekdays this place can be quite busy due to it's proximity to business.  However, we did not have to wait in line to order, found an open booth, and our food was ready in no time.  It's a burger place and has it's own special character (meaning old building and decor.)  If you are looking for good burgers in Phoenix, this is the best I've found so far.
4	If you find yourself in Central Phoenix, in need of a meal, this is a great option.I frequent this place, because it's close to work and popular with my co-workers.  I've been coming here since the 80's, so you know it has a huge following of long-term customers.  It's pretty much the same now as it was back in the day.You get in a line, and place your order.  Get at least a 1/3 lb burger; any smaller and I think they come out a little tough.Their 'Classic' burger is amazing- patty, cheese, mushrooms, bacon.  HEAVEN!You can mix your fried sides, or just get fries.  They have great onion rings, zucchini, fries, and mushrooms.Serve your own drink.  They call you name to pick up your food, and you head over with your big pizza-pan type tray and add your fixins from a generously stocked condiments bar.In addition, they have a bar with basic drinks and sports playing on TV's, if that's your thing.It's a great place to meet up with friends. Friendly and casual atmosphere.  Lots of locals, college students, hospital employees, police officers and firefighters here.Would I drive 10 miles to this location, just to get a burger?  Likely not, but it's a GREAT option if you are down here in the 'hood, going to the airport, a museum, a play, the courthouses, or another place in Central Phoenix.A NOTE- they have great grilled chicken, and salad is an option if you are on-the-wagon in terms of burgers and fries.
3	I ordered the fiesta burger... Took awhile to make, longer than I thought it should, but hey, if it's a good burger, worth the wait right?  Well, the burger, while decently flavorful, was a little too "done" for my taste, and wasn't all that hot when I got it...  Also, the cheese wasn't melted, so who knows if I just got a patty that had been sitting for awhile...  Overall a decent burger and good fries, although for a small basket of fries it was almost $2.  Burger was also not quite worth the price in my opinion.  Won't be someplace I intentionally go to unless I happen to be closeby and in need of food.
4	MEAT!  They make hamburgers, very well too.  Not much else.  There are fries, of course and the veggie burger I guess if you want that (which I am sure is thrown on the same grill so it gets a nice coating of beef fat).They make burgers, pretty dang good burgers.  Decently quick and to order.  Plus a condiment bar (that seems to be missing BBQ sauce, for shame).  If you want something that isn't a burger you shouldn't be going to a place called "Burger Works" to begin with.  If you want a good burger, it's a good choice.
3	We were in the Phoenix area a few weekends ago and after we saw that Los Reyes de la Tortas was overflowing, I did a quick yelp search and saw that I had bookmarked OHW and we headed on over. The place has a huge dining room and a bar and patio off the back. They were out of zucchini when we were there (huge sad face), but my friend and I each got a burger and some fries. They were pretty good, but they weren't the best burgers I've ever had in my life. I'd probably try it again if I was in the area, but I'm sure there are better burger places around
4	Completely running into this place by accident, without the aid of friends or yelp reviews, I am overwhelmingly pleased that I not only found a place I enjoyed that night, but for many occasions to come. I wasn't really sure what to expect when I walked in, and at first I was overwhelmed. It seemed like a neverending lot of treasures to discover. There were old signs all over the walls, stop lights, the ads in the glass on the tables, a wagon full of 'fixins for everyone to add to their meal.As I eyed the menu and gazed upon the rest of the establishment, there were a few tables occupied with an older group of friends and a young boy with his dad. There were also a few people at the bar, which I spotted in the other room as I finalized my decision. While I waited, I ordered a coke and loved that they had the digital you can do anything you want with your soda machine. Total win! I think I sat and played with it for minutes. Luckily there wasn't a line. Overall the place has a nice relaxing feel in my opinion. It may look like it should be dirty, but I assure you its not. There's a huge part of the restaurant that is not near the bar for the family folk. Outside the bar is a patio that apparently has horseshoes. Oh yes, you heard me right. Who's coming with me to play horseshoes?I ordered the green chili burger and it was amazing. Lids are offered for the plastic condiment cups at the 'fixins bar for those who are ordering to go, like I was.Looks like a potential nice place to sit back and watch a game... or play horseshoes... :)
3	Checked this place out after some of the reviews and thought it was OK. I can see why this place can get busy with its well sized burgers and proper pricing to go along with it during the week and lunch time for many. The decor is nice and suits it for making you feel like your in a cabin bar, but wait there is a bar around the corner hah. The ordering style is a la carte, with every add of extra cheese, tomato, onion etc adds to the costs. I ordered a big one with cheese and my wife ordered a small one with onions. My burger was a bit more juicier then my wives, but had the same taste as if they had been bbq'ed. The quality tasted a it below angus patties but good for overall. The fries were good. Compared to other popular gourmet burger places I would say that for the money that it is a good buy, but if you don't mind spending the extra for better quality suggest going elsewhere. Overall: It is a quick bite during lunch, or before a ball game, but would not be a an out of my way to go here type of food place.
5	Great neighborhood spot. Fried potatoes are a standout and wings have just enough fire to make them interesting. Go here a few times and it will be a place where everyone knows your name.
3	PLUS: Big burgers, cooked when ordered. Variety of sides (fried mushrooms, zucchini, etc.) No attitude.MINUS: $4.95 for a shake? Really? The fixin's on the salad bar can look a little haggard at times.
3	I had a Garden Burger and fries.  It was pretty darn good.  I liked the condiment bar as I could put whatever I wanted on it in whatever quantity I wanted.
3	A no frills hole in the wall hamburger joint.  The burger is cooked to order, delicious, and the perfect mix of juicy and slightly greasy so you know you're eating the real deal.  The fixin' bar is an interesting concept which I like since I can pile on as many goodies as I like.  The bar gets a little messy at times, but eh, who cares.The burgers are not the cheapest, but then again if you wanted cheap you'd go to a dollar menu, no?  Its worth the line, and fighting some of the students from across the street (Phoenix College) for a bite at Hamburger Works!
4	Back again this time for the burger with green chile.  Excellent and very tasty.  My roommate had the fish sandwich; extremely good portion.  Love the burger bar.  New favorite green chile burger.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. I go almost every week for lunch between classes. They have the best fries around. I always order the Hawaiin burger, fries and don't forget the red cream soda. Hamburger Works is one of the rare places that carries red cream soda, if you haven't had it before you must try it. The staff here is always friendly and welcoming.
1	I give this one star ONLY because the owner of the restaurant was considerate enough to hear my rant about his incompetent workers who could not for the life of me, take down a simple one hamburger plus fries phone order. An apology for my order would have apparently been too much, instead I got a "are you sure you called this location"? Ummm... You have another location?? I've had better service at McDonalds.
3	Whenever i'm craving a good burger, i come to this place!  Always order the big one combo, think it's the number 1, on an onion bun and cheese.When ordering you don't need too customize at all, because you get your order and stop at the little salad bar to pile on the works and condiments...pretty good deal!I'm always satisfied when i leave this place, good simple rustic atmosphere--and a bar in the back doesn't hurt.
5	This place is tied with the Chuckbox for the best burger in arizona in my book! This is the way a burger was meant to be! Grilled over a wood fire, your choice of cheese and you add the toppings the way YOU want them! The fries are pretty good and the cheese sticks aren't bad either. Don't forget your punch card if you are a regular, I've already gotten one free burger!
5	If you're looking for a comfy place for a juicy burger and amazing fries...Here it is!So lucky to have come across this place. The atmosphere is just perfect, tv's with sports on all the time, full far, and salad bar for you to customize your burger to your liking. I usually get the #4 which is the small one with some fries. Don't be fooled by the name "small one" their burgers are a pretty good size and when you add all your toppings from the salad bar, it gets even BIGGER! I have seen the bigger burgers, and boy are those huge! You are able to choose the kind of cheese and bun that you want, and that's always good. Heard the jalapeno poppers are good and their mushroom topping is too!
3	Anything with the word "Original" in that name always makes me wonder, for real? This place is for real. It is very close to the new house and I met the 'rents there for a burger the other night and to watch the Giants beat the '9ers. I immediately felt a sense of familiarity when I walked in the door, I hadn't remembered being there before until I walked in. But it all came back to me very quickly. I remember stopping by here years ago with friend before heading to the Fair one year. It was just as good as I remember it. It is an old fashioned burger join. You can either walk up and order then take your food to your table, or if you are on the bar side you can order from the bartender, who is very attentive, even with a full bar and restaurant. Once you get your burger or sandwich, you go to the fixin's bar, load up on toppings and veggies then sit back down to enjoy! They also have some great sides and aps, fried mushrooms, onion rings, zucchini and fries. They fries are OK, a little over done for my taste but everything else was great. This is a great place to make a regular stop on your weekly happy hour agenda, to watch a sports game (tons of TVs on the bar side) or to fix your burger cravings.
5	Not one complaint here, this burger place is right on time. Got " The  Big One" with American cheese and fries for $5.49. The place was packed when I was there during lunch time, we waited about 10-15 minutes to get our food, and I was VERY pleased with every bite. They have a condiment bar to add your own toppings, all I added was a little mayo, ketchup, and mustard.....that burger was a flame broiled disc of greatness! Fries were perfectly crunchy and tasted extra special dipped in ranch. The place has great atmosphere and a cute patio area to sit outside when it's a nice day, service was prompt and courteous....can't wait to go back here.
2	The atmosphere is good and I love the condiment bar.  Real potential kinda place. BUT the burgers are too thin and lack seasoning. The burgers were also seriously over cooked.  We asked for medium but got well done. Very disappointed as I was really hoping to find a great burger place.
2	I ordered the fiesta burger and was surprised at how dry it was even with the guac on it. The patty its self was just dry and not seasoned very well. My friend had the chesse burger with bacon and could not finish even a 1/4 of it due to the dryness. I was also a little concerned at the lack of cleaniness about the sides bar. I witness the guy replenishing the bar but putting the old ketchup on top of the new ketchup. The problem with this is that the old ketchup had lettuce and pepper pieces in it.  However the onion rings were great as well as the fried Zucchini. Prehaps my friend and I visted them on an off night.
5	This is a great back-yard-type-char-grilled burger. Expect that and you'll be fine. I've seen some comments about the burger being dry. Yup. I've never asked for rare or medium. I'm not sure they could do it right. If I were paying $10 dollars for the burger then I'd expect them to do it right.  It is not a gourmet burger place nor do they claim to be. Onion rings over fries.
4	Cool looking place prices are good..very nice place will definalty have to go back again.
3	I dig the burgers here especially for the price.  Maybe it is the charcoal fired sear on the outside, but these things are great.  I jam as many jalapenos as I can on there and make myself cry every time I eat here.
2	I really don't get the great reviews? The atmosphere is great, but the food? There is nothing special about it. It's like grilling a burger at home and then adding basic condiments to it. The meat is average, the bun is average, the cheese is average. Maybe I'm too "new school," but I think that a "hamburger only restaurant" should have a variety of hamburgers- things like a BBQ cheeseburger. They actually don't have any BBQ sauce which I thought was strange. I think that people really enjoy specialty burgers like teriyaki burgers or an onion ring on a burger. This place seems like it has a great bar, but the burgers did not impress.Also, I have to "throw the challenge flag" on the reviews that say this place is inexpensive. I somehow spent $8.00 for a normal cheese burger without fries.
3	The main draw is the wood fire grill.  Once I got beyond that, the price started to bother me.  A generally passable meal.
3	They have added BBQ sauce.
5	Great food, great service!! $5 for a pitcher of beer? heck yeah!!!
3	This place has a lived-in, part-of-the-neighborhood feel that I really enjoy.  And if you want to see an artist at work, watch them perfectly land burger patties on the charcoal grill from several feet away, bing-bang-boom, one after the other, and none of them out of place.   The results are delicious...except for the buns.   This seems like a terrible place for a hamburger joint to economize, but they have.  The buns are dry and flavorless, which is a real shame, because it takes away from what would otherwise be an outstanding burger.
4	If you are like me,  you are so sick of cookie cutter, bland chain burger joints.  That is the reason why I love this place so much!  I usually go with the "On the Border Burger" with fries and a cherry vanilla Mister Pibb.  The bar is worth hitting up too if you are in the market to throw back a few while any of the local Valley sports teams play.  Outside of that, the toppings bar is well stocked, and clean.  The food is always tasty and made in front of you with a relatively short wait.  The restaurant is easy to find on the south east corner of 15th Ave & Thomas.My only star deduction is due to the fact that the tables are usually not cleaned well or fast enough.  I shouldn't have to clean up after the last customer, but most of the time I have.
4	This burger was the best I've had here. It was cooked medium well, not scorched.  In the past I have been critical of the price.  There was and improvement today.
2	Food as always is good.  The Service on the other hand is very unaccomdating.  The girl at the register let us know when we asked if there was a manager available that they were all on vacation.  So I am guessing that customer service is the last thing this place realy cares about.  Because of the rudness.
4	Wow, what a really good burger.  Went here on the recommendation of someone local, and i was really impressed.  The condiment bar was great and i like the old style tables.  The only negative things i could say is that the wait was a little bit longer than i expected, and the place is a little dark.  they should throw up some more lights, imo.
3	No work Monday afternoon Fat Tire and 1/2 lb classic with a side of rings.... Priceless ..... Only complaint even though it really isn't dirty it just gives ya that feel...... As always great mix of incredibly laid back clientele.....but honestly in the end its just a decent burger in dingy bar......
4	Damn Good Burger! (I appreciate the load your own toppings and the variety of burger sizes and cheese options)Super onion rings! (SUPER ONION RINGS!)Limited but fresh salad bar. (Iceberg, onion, bell pepper, cucumber, broccoli, shrooms, shredded cheese, bacon bits, hard boiled egg, croutons. Can grab tomato and hot peppers from the burger topping side.)Great prices! (My 1/3lb really good burger with no cheese was $5.29. Choice of white, wheat, onion bun.)Crappy draft/draught selection - which is the hold back from the 5th star. (I prefer something a bit more...ummm, well, more beer like than Michelob's Amber Bock.)I will be back!  Damn, that was a good burger!
4	Really like this place. Here's why; LOVE the burgers. In my opinion they are far better than anything I ever ate at FUDDRUCKERS. Also, I eat my burgers well done. Can't stand them even with a little pink in the middle. Any time I eat here, I always get mine well done. LOVE that I can sit in the bar and have a cold one and order a burger too. Why not 5 stars? When sitting in the bar, service is slow. Bartender seems more interested in waiting on folks at the bar, and less interested in folks in the booths. Also, they are stingy with their fries. For the price, they need to heap those babies on the plate. Other than that, excellent place.
5	Drove by and mom mentioned that she's always wanted to eat here, ever since she went to high school across the street at the now non-existent West High. With longevity like that, you know they have to be doing something right.The setup is a bit like Five Guys or Fuddruckers - you walk up to the counter and order your burger and side. You have a choice of bun (white, wheat, onion) and cheese (American, swiss, cheddar, provolone). They call your name and you add your own condiments from the condiment buffet (which doubles as the salad bar). I really like this setup because you get to put as little or as much whatever you want on it. I wish they had some hot cheese like Fuddruckers, though. My burger with fries was $5.99 - they charge extra for cheese and extras like mushrooms or bacon. A soda with unlimited refills (and they have one of those crazy touch screen soda machines) was $1.79. The burger was excellent quality and cooked just right - though they didn't ask how I wanted it. I guess they do everyone's medium? The fries were thick cut and really good. This place is definitely recommended.
3	Definitely a dive bar - one that would be featured on "Kitchen Nightmares" or "Restaurant Stakeout". The decor was classic clutter.  The staff didn't say hello or make eye contact - they were too busy on their cell phones texting. The salad bar was from a bus station cafe. Well, you get the picture. So why did I rate it 3 stars?  We sat in the bar area where the atmosphere was friendly and the L.I. Ice Teas were some of the best we've ever had!!!  And the food was awesome!!!!   The "Border Burger" was 5-stars all on its own.  The condiment bar (next to the wilted lettuce) let's you build your burger the way you want it. It reminds me if the old saying, "never judge a burger on its bun"!!!
4	Love it!  Great atmosphere, such a neat place to be.  Then the burger and fries are awesome.  The only reason I haven't given it 5 stars is because I want to go back and tell them how I wanted my burger cooked, I'm not a fan of "well" which predictably is apparently their default.  I heard the onion rings are great also so I look forward to trying them also.  It appears to get really busy so if you can get there a little ahead of the rush.
4	Great burgers! Love their huge selection of drink options and the choose your own condiment station. It's a little dark hideaway that serves up great food. I've been back a couple times a week since I initially found this place via Yelp. You gotta try these burgers!
3	Good burgers. Great place for a good old fashion hamburger, fries and a beer.
3	If you like to eat and you're not a vegetarian, you've likely heard of The Original Hamburger Works. It may even be on the list of eateries that you "must visit when in Phoenix" depending on who you ask.You order your meal at a tiny window next to the grill where the burgers are cooked. Flames leap from the cooking surface as you speak your order to the...order taker? I don't know what to call her, because you don't pay here, you only order here. You walk around the corner and pay for your food.I didn't order the gigantic burger, I opted for the big burger. With fries and a drink. I paid about $9 for it and I was told to listen for my name while I got my drink from the digital Coke machine.About ten minutes later, I hear my name and retrieve my food. There's a toppings bar with condiments to apply to your sammich. After one bite of this big burger, it's clear that it deserves steak sauce, grilled onions and salt and pepper and not the usual condiments and toppings. The beef is tasty and delicious and I am doing it wrong with lettuce, tomato, onions, Cholula and mayo. Without the bun and with a knife and fork, it'd fit right in as a "chopt steak" at most steakhouses. The fries were not remarkable, but they were adequate sidekicks for the hamburger. The part of town that the restaurant inhabits is a little bit run down. The parking available is suspect at best- the small strip mall on the corner has narrow spaces and on-street parking is limited. The clientele is a mix of tourists, neighborhood denizens and locals trying to grab a bite to eat.Try it on a Saturday after 1pm for ease of enjoyment.
4	A retirement burger!?  Including the restaurant and a company car...for only $1,000,069!?  I'm still getting a laugh from that sign!  This place has character!  I went on a spur-of-the-moment lunch trip to the Original Hamburger Works.  Working for a place with offices in Downtown Phoenix and in Glendale, the location was actually quite convenient with plenty of parking available.  While there was a long line when we walked in, it went VERY fast and I had to even make some quick decisions when I made it to the counter.  The price is right whether you want a combo meal, a one-pound burger for under $10, or more "normal" sized burgers or chicken sandwiches.  The food itself was very good!  I had a Big One (1/3 lb) and fries combo meal.  My four friends had either burgers or chicken sandwiches with a variety of sides (salad, fried pickles, fried mushrooms, or fries).  Everyone seemed quite happy with their choices.  And I learned quickly that they had all been to the Original Hamburger Works on several prior occasions.  Now, having tried it myself, I plan on coming back, too.  Thanks, Original Hamburger Works, for a great first experience!
2	I was debating 2 or 3 stars for a while and settled on 2.  As Yelp puts it "2 stars, "Meh. I've experienced better".I tried this place because of restaurant.com and I must say that the voucher was a great deal, that being said, if I hadn't had such a deal then I would have been even less impressed.  There are a few "old-fashioned Hamburger" type places in the valley and this one really isn't any different.  The menu feels a little high priced for what you're actually getting, lots of grease.  Without being too harsh as it really isn't that bad.  I wouldn't not recommend this place as there was nothing that would keep me from going back.  I've had the hamburger, fries, and fried zucchini on two occasions now and they were all simply average.
1	Stopped in with the fiance and parents for dinner last night.... Wow, in the worst possible way, just wow!The food was the same as always... but I would recommend not getting the Small One, burger isn't big enough to get enjoy the flavor. The service, if that is what you can call it was horrid! My mouth was agape most of the evening in disbelief. "Did she just do that?" Was pretty much my thinking. First my mothers wine glass was disgustingly dirty, never should have been brought to the table. They when she asked for a new one and pointed out how dirty it was the bartender looked at it like "Umm looks fine to me.." and just wanted away. We watched her put the glass back on the rack with the other "clean" glasses and grab another one. She didn't inspect it to make sure it was clean before handing it off, this one was just as dirty and had lipstick all over it. Me being a bartender asked for a rocks glass, figuring they would be cleaner and less lipstick, she handed me a shot glass. WHATEVER I took it and gave it to my mom. Once she finally came back to the table we pointed out the hideousness of the second wine glass and in the same fashion, probably more irritated, inspected it said "Okay?!" walked back behind that bar and put it back on the shelf. Are you kidding me?!?! Were we being punked? Ridiculous! Like I said, the food was good, but the service was out outrageous! I hope they read this and get their shit under control. The behavior is unacceptable for a McDonald's. I am sure we will go back someday, but if she is there, I will leave, if not I will stay but make sure to only order beer in a bottle, no glassware!
4	my 2nd time here.  Got great service, and great food same as first time.  My colleague was along.  I ordered a cheeseburger, no side, she had fish & chips.  All excellent.  Self-serve condiment bar to get whatever you like.  Busy place, and now you know why.  we would return.
5	Love this place but they are kind of Nazi's about their salad bar.
4	Loved it!  Divey (in the best sense of the word) with good and large fried burgers that taste just the way they should.  Big juicy chicken sandwich too.   Fantastic chili fries that are probably going to have me drop over dead sooner, but good eats.  Tap beer in the side bar. VERY friendly people.  Hadn't heard of this place before a good friend showed us the way tonight, but this is the place to head when you want to keep it simple and enjoy just a danged good burger and a  beer.
4	Great flame broiled burgers.  Used to be my favorite place, but it is still up there (#2 now).  Has the college hangout feel to it.  Worth a visit if you are in the neighborhood.
4	After 18 holes of golf under the blazing Phoenix sun in my old neighborhood, we decided to go somewhere for a burger and a brew. This place really hit the spot.I had the 1/3 lb bacon cheeseburger (jalapeno cheese) and hubby had the ham steak & fries combo. Everything was delicious. The condiment bar was beyond fresh. The best part? The pickles were nice and cold (which is a big plus in my book...I'm picky about my pickles). So you order on the food side, give them your name and then go sit on the (dive) bar side and get your brews and cocktails. This was definitely the best burger I've had in a long time...maybe ever. Be patient, it's definitely worth the wait for a made to order sammich. Nom!!
4	The hamburger was amazing! I was a bit concerned about the condiments not being refrigerated on a wagon car but the food still blew me away. I ordered a classic. My daughter had a hot dog and it came on a hamburger bun which was interesting. My husband had the bacon one and it looked amazing. I will totally be back.
4	This certainly would rank up there within the top five great burgers that I've ever had.  Almost no grease from the meat, the condiment bar with a nice selection of toppings and the french fries cooked just right. All and all it was a great experience.
5	The BORDER burger is delish! Onion rings are fantastic. The cookies, though they look bad, are very good! The service is good too.
5	Border Burger is great. Onion rings are awesome ( they are like the ones from Luke's of Chicago.) the cookies are very good. The staff is friendly.
4	The aroma of flame broiled meat envelopes you upon entering. It's a glorious smell to a practicing carnivore, one prompting you to salivate like a St. Bernard on a hot summer's day. There's a window where you order, and after a short wait, they'll call you to pick up your order by name. I like this concept since I typically opt for a name out of the ordinary...today I was Thorgon.The 'fixin's bar is an old covered wagon and has a fun feel to it. Condiments are plenty with the layout similar to Fuddrucker's.Lot of tv's abound if sporting events are your thing, since all appeared to be tuned to some type of sporting event. The burger was spectacular, inexpensive and very filling, but the aroma, that smell wafting through your neighborhood that has you wondering which of your neighbors is barbecuing Sunday afternoon, is the smell that'll keep you coming back here for more. In a word, it's glorious.
5	So much for my previous review....expounding on the virtues of flame-broiled meat and that glorious smell it produces.The place burned down last night.
2	Sometimes you get the uncomfortable feeling in not being welcome there in some parts of the staff is a little bit rude, i I guess you could make the best of it if it was the only place to go, but its not.
4	Been several times. Always good.One time I went for lunch and the grill was broken. We had to wait for them to repair it and that took about 30 minutes before the burgers started coming out.It was still worth the wait.
1	Total sports bar, borderline dive bar and it has been around foEVA.  I get that many patrons feel that it is an institution but really it's just a burger joint that caters to a bunch of alcoholics and has crappy service from pretty much everyone who works the bar.Rude, lazy, pron to ignore you on a regular basis. Or don't want to wait on you because they are going off shift in like 20minutes!   Are you effing kidding me with this?  Take my firkin order and treat me like the paying customer that I am....Christ!I go here from time to time because I work at the local college and my friends and colleagues like to go after work because it's close and I don't want to be difficult so I go along.I for whatever reason am no longer a beer drinker, but I try and keep it low maintenance because I know these types of bartenders don't like to make cocktails and I really don't want any enemies.  So I order a vodka and club soda with extra lime because  I figure it's easy and I don't care for tonic.  Yeah well apparently this can't be done well because the club soda is ALWAYS flat and the drink tastes like crappy vodka and tap water.  So I asked how the club soda was on this particular visit and they said much better since the fire...I was hopeful, didn't quite get why the fire might have fixed the problem but hopeful nonetheless.  But no, it was the same shitty flat water and I hated to have to send it back because I knew this dude was gong to give attitude because that's how he do.  Hell he was doin that when he told me the fire helped the water...dick really and so unnecessary.Yup attitude, took the drink back and I settled for a glass of wine equally difficult to drink but I just shut up about it and smile.  Then we were ignored until I actually had to ask him a third time to take our food order.I wouldn't call myself a regular but they recognize me in there and I know them by name.  My colleagues know the staff far better than I but either way, why be shitty to customers who are trying to be cool and not too difficult?   And honestly who would like to sip a beverage that reminds her that she too could be homeless and filtering rubbing alcohol through a sock?  WHY Hamburger Works staff is it OK with you to be rude and lame to your customers?  Oh I know, you don't like people who expect you to do your job, like wipe off the food debris left on the table and booths.  Maybe wait on customers with a friendly attitude and not argue about the fact that I must be drinking a different kind of club soda.  Really?  How about considering that perhaps the club soda you are pouring is tap water or at the very least admit that it's horribly flat.Stupid stuff to even give my time to really but unfortunately I have had enough of these experiences over the years and decided today was the last cocktail straw.It's a shitty bar that stinks, with a lousy and entitled wait staff, none of whom really know how to make a decent drink and if they do know they don't want you to know!I vowed tonight in the presences of my friends that I will never be going back here again.  I don't care if we only have a moment to grab a bite and a drink.  Sooo not worth the attitude and the funky smells that embed themselves in my clothing and hair.Oy vey I need to go take a bath right now!
1	Just missed them. They are closed   , I wanted to try the shakes I'll go elsewhere.I Stopped by a second time still was not that inpressed but that's just my taste buds maybe you may enjoy it.
1	Just missed them. They are closed   , I wanted to try the shakes I'll go elsewhere.Not much change still the same.
4	Nice little spot to grab a burger or spicy chicken sandwich.  Get there early for lunch though because the lines can get long.
5	Went here again for the second time this past Sunday. I got a third pound bacon burger with American cheese on an onion bun. The burger was delicious just as I had remembered. Topped it with a little ketchup, onion, pickle and mayo and washed it down with a red cream soda. Also split some fried mushrooms and zucchini with a buddy of mine. It's not the fanciest place there is but it's just my style. Was able to watch a little football and have a great burger. Will be going again.
1	I went to Hamburger works for probably the 3rd time.  Decent hamburgers, HORRIBLE service.  We got there and sat in the bar.  We were there probably around 11 am on a Saturday.  There were only 3 other people in the bar area.  The bartender came out and took our order.  2 out of the 3 other people came after us.  We waited a good 30-45 minutes when we noticed the 2 other people got their food before us. The issue with this is that the waitress/bartender wasn't busy and knows her customers (or should know).  We called her over (after 30-45 min) and asked where our food was.  She left to find out and came back and said she never put the order through.  She said she'd get that taken care of.  My husband and I asked to pay for our cokes and that we were leaving.  She gave us the drinks for free (she better!!!) and we left.  We went to another hamburger joint and had great food and service.  Never going back.  The food is great but the service isn't worth it.
3	2nd time at this carnivore lovers spot. Co-worker says that this is one of his favorite burger places downtown, so we headed there for lunch. Quaint historical decor. Since I was told burgers were what they were know for, that's what I got. I did the burger lunch special with fries. White, Wheat or Onion was the 1st question asked, followed by the type of cheese. My "no bun" request seemed like something that they didn't get a lot of? We got there around 11:30, and they seemed to very quickly get busy. Waited a bit for our food, but what came out was hot and fresh. I loved the fixings bar. Lots of fresh items for you to dress your order. I would have liked to see leaf lettuce instead of shred, but just meant I asked for a fork and knife to eat my burger. I prefer my burger naked in lettuce rather than with a bun. One co-worker ordered their veggie burger, and she said that it was also tasty. I'm not a huge burger fan, but when I want one there is just something about a grilled one that is so much better. =) Come hungry!
4	A nice little hole in the wall restaurant. Has burgers as small as 1/3 lb to a full 1 lb. you have a choice of 3 different buns onion, white, and wheat. The burgers are good and have a bunch of different sides to chose from. After you get your burger you have a salad bar of toppings to chose from.
3	Real hole in the wall restaurant. Great burgers and fries. Burger and salad bar to choose your own toppings, which all seemed fresh.Bad part of town. Service is abrupt.
2	We went to Original Hamburger Works for the second time last weekend. Overall, the food is in impressive, and the service is even worse. Upon arriving we walked through the dining room and sat in the bar at a table. After waiting several minutes without the server/bartender acknowledging us, we went up to the bar and placed an order. We ordered chicken strips, baked potato, and 1/3 lb burger with fries. We also ordered two Bud Lights, after discovering beer options are limited and what appears to be a full bar is not so full after all. The chicken strips were more fried batter than chicken, though what chicken was there was not dried out. The baked potato was find. The burger was basic but had little flavor and was a very poor quality meat, as there were small hard balls of fat in many bites. The condiment bar may seem fun, but it includes only the very basics- tomato, lettuce, onion, ketchup, mustard, mayo, pickles, and a few hotter toppings. Good, but not special. The server never came back to take another drink order. Though it was over an hour from closing time, she spent her time cleaning and stacking unused bar stools. Overall not a good experience. Fast food would taste better and cost less. The only reason to go is a nearby bar with sports on TVs.
5	Awesome burgers and the fixings bar was fresh, the bacon was cut to cover the entire pattie and the fries were fresh, must go again.
4	Unlike all the burger chains that been popping up around Phoenix, these are Real flame-broiled burgers, not the smoosh it on a griddle until all the flavor has burnt away meat pattie. Not to mention they deliver it at a reasonable price!My co-workers and I have this one on or regular lunch rotation list!
2	I used to come here every other week for the past few years ... After tonight... Never again...
1	Being convenient to Encanto this was a after golf lunch stop for me and my buddies. Yesterday I ordered unlimited salad bar for close to $6 which is more than most burger entries.  What a limited, sad assortment of limp offerings with everything having traces of it's neighbor as if there was a food fight.  With the dim lighting and greasy plastic sneeze guard it gave the veggies Gaussian blur I imagine you get just before you croak. If the bar in Star Wars had a salad bar this would be it complete with interesting and diverse looking patrons.  After lunch over our empty paper plates, plastic utensils and round aluminum pizza tins we made a vow to never return.  Black tee shirts for the staff, dim lighting and grease everywhere brought on thoughts of a prison mess hall during a black out. With all the choices in Phoenix we will have our lunch in a cheerful environment with personable servers and fresh food
4	Great fish and chips! DELICIOUS fried mushrooms. The the burgers are just OK. Their condiment bar always seems fresh too. I docked 1 star because the bathroom has a funny smell. Can't quite pin point it but ya...not very pleasant. Other than than, pretty darn good place to eat.
4	It's sort of an undesirable location, but the restaurant itself is a neat concept.  Made to order, hole-in-the-wall vibe, no need for a server, and all the toppings you need atop a wagon in the middle of the place. The prices are decent and the hamburger...works (like that play on words?) I enjoyed it and would recommend eating here over chains such as Red Robin and Chili's (on most nights).
3	The burgers are good. Better than most, but the area where they keep the condiments and vegetables for your burgers leave a lot to be desired.  Vegetables aren't very fresh and the handles used on the tongs are often found in the condiments and veggies :( It's a good place to stop at if you're passing by but there are definitely better burger places in the valley if u want a great burger. Solid burgers not so fresh everything else.
5	This is a cool neighborhood burger shop that has a topping bar and lots of cool decor items.  I like the metal tables, and the service is really attentive.  I would eat a burger here over any chain store.  Simple burgers at a good price with lots of choices and great atmosphere.  Give this place a try!
4	The atmosphere here is really nice. I came on a Sunday afternoon and it was great. That staff was amazing. Friendly, honest, and helpful, they made selecting  my burger easy. The condiment bar was awesome as well. It's convenient to make your food the way you want. My favorite things about the place are the flame grilled burgers (yumm), the honey mustard, and the fries were equally delicious.  My one little critique that keeps this from being perfect, is I like my burger cooked to a certain wellness, so I would have liked the choice. But that burger was still good though!
2	Last night was my first time at Original Hamburger Works and was most likely the last.  The employees with the exception of the bar staff seemed clueless.  When ordering and asking the order-taker basic questions about the menu, she would only quickly answer "I don't know" with a blank stare on her face.  When picking up my order at the counter, the young man just looked at me when I said thank you.  Not a good way to win over customers.  You must go over into the bar area to purchase alcoholic drinks and for some odd reason, they don't take debit cards after 7 pm.  Strange.The food was just okay.  Being able to add all the condiments you want yourself is a plus.  I got the Big One while my wife got the Border Burger.  The burgers were well cooked and had a good taste, but weren't outstanding.  We also ordered the half onion rings and fries basket, which was just basic fare.  The deal-breaker came when I went to the men's room after dining.  Upon entering the hall leading to the restrooms, I noticed a foul, sewer-like smell.  After entering the restroom, I was quickly overtaken with the stench.  I've been in port-a-potties that had more pleasant smells than this.  While the concept of this restaurant has merit, it's poorly executed, unfortunately.  It has potential, but obviously lacks good management.  I wouldn't recommend this restaurant at this time.
4	This place is right by my house. I pass it all the time. Why didn't I stop in sooner? Who knows. This place is very cute inside, kind of retro...kind of reminds me of an old school Fuddruckers from when I was a kid. Also, this place has a bar! With specials! I clearly didn't realize this. Anyway, I went here last Friday and got a burger with cheddar, guac, grilled onions, and bacon... It really tasted like a backyard BBQ burger, which I liked. Nothing fancy here. The husband had a burger as well and enjoyed it. The bill was under 20$ I will definitely be back.
1	I can only really comment on the bar. First of all I went in there around Happy Hour times and there wasn't really any good drink specials. The bartender boasted 4 dollar Mexican beers in a bottle. Not too bad, but most of the draft selection was domestic so I settled on a Pacifico. The bartender was nice initially friendly, but didn't come by to check on me at all. I don't want to be rude, but the bartender wasn't the most refined individual. After waiting for my check for my single beer, she got in a fight with the woman next to me (who she had completely over served) over the fact that she was taking lemons out of the cocktail tray while she wasn't looking. Which resulted in a shouting match between her and the intoxicated patron. Prior to getting my check the bartender asked if I knew the guy who was posted at the bar next to me. I did not, so I just shrugged. She asked if I was buying his drink since he had apparently walked out on it. After explaining that he had just taken a seat next to me, she handed me my check and I paid and left as soon as I could. The service was about as bad as it smelled on the bar side unfortunately.
5	Hamburger Works has become our after work spot after a long and busy Sunday at our restaurant.  Staff is friendly, the beer is cold and the food is good.  Reminds me of a burger shop from the 70's.   Salad bar/wagon is a hit with my friends, as well.   Great job!
1	Great food. If I wanted a mom watching our drinking (I'm 34 and have been here with every age group) I'd grill at my mom's house. Carla is ridiculous. Not sure if this place has had issues in the past, but avoid it if you want to have more than 2 beers.
5	Good food, good vibes, good service. All adds up to a great spot. Got the great big one and zucchini fries. Really tasty burger and fries are delicious. All this for less than 20$, can't go wrong there. It has a full bar and good spot to watch sporting events. Check this place out.
2	Well I came here with coworkers for lunch today and i must say, the experience left a lot to be desired. The place seems kinda dusty and dingy when you walk and there an unappetizing looking salad bar/condiment table that you line up next to when you place your order. I went with a bacon cheeseburger on wheat. The bun was just a grocery store bun, standard american cheese, a bland under seasoned and overlooked burger. The bacon was great, but that's honestly the only thing I liked here. There are better places everywhere you turn with the trendy burger joints popping up a lot in the valley. The fries, which I didn't order but my coworkers did, appeared to be frozen. I just hope for more- get fresh ingredients- make your fries- season the burger. Pass on this place and take your hard earned cash elsewhere.
1	I stopped in last night at the recommendation of a friend. We were just getting some drinks and watching sports. The place wasn't crowded at all; a few folks outside on the patio, maybe two tables in the bar, and few in the dining area. First we had to clean-off our own booth, second no one acknowledged we were there, third after about 10 mins we went to bar, still had to wait, fourth we walked out.I've been to these places before (Chuckbox for example), raw wood on the walls, dimly lit, the smell of the flat grill and burgers sizzling, but this place is not one where I would return.
5	Every time I go here, I get awesome customer service. I love the part that you get to pile on any all the fixins that you want for no extra charge. The burgers are big and juicy, they also have grilled chicken breasts which are equally as good. I love that you get to pick your type of cheese, and your type of bun. I introduced both my girlfriend and my mom (a few years apart) and both have enjoyed it. As far as the bar is concerned, I only drink stouts and porters when it comes to beer. They have Guinness available, but only in the bottle. I haven't had any cocktails here as of yet, so I'm not able to report if they're good or not. I'll leave an updated report when I do.
2	Very disappointing experience at the Hamburger Works.  Last night, the H.W's hit a new low in poor service and dirty tables.   I had ordered fries with my burger, only to have the burger served w/o the fries.  With receipt in hand, I brought this to the cashiers attention.  She acknowledged the over sight and reordered my fries.   I finished my burger while waiting for the rest of my order.   Which never came!   I requested to speak to the manager.   A guy named Sean seemed totally indifferent about the screwed-up order.   It will be a long time before I will eat there again.
4	Came here for the first time with my 19-year old and 12-year old on Friday night before a football game at Phoenix College. The place was HOPPIN'! The kids were hungry and the food hit the spot. For an order with two Big Ones (1/3 lb burger) and a Double Big One, drinks, fries and onion rings the bill was just over $30.  A bargain in my books! If you want hipster, upscale dining try someplace else. If you want good burgers, yummy fries and onion rings, this is your place. We'll be back!
3	Not bad. The food comes out reasonably fast, and it tastes good. They won't win awards for tastiest burger, but they shouldn't get an award first, either. If in the area, it's a decent choice.
5	Love this place! They grill the burgers in front of you over an open flame! I got the bacon cheese burger with extra pepper jack cheese and mushrooms! Awesome!!!
5	Love this place it's basically you order the type of meat you want on your burger and it you can put as much as lettuce pickles onions etc
5	Hands down this is the best burger in town and at a great price! The best part is that my teenager (who is basically a walking stomach) gets full before he even finishes his meal!! While it isn't the most upscale place you can go to (you bus your own table as the majority of staff is paid to cook the food), it is by far worth the extra effort of bussing your own table and the price is just right. For about the same amount as you can pick up those flimsy, tasteless burgers at a fast food drive-thru you can get a nice, fresh, juicy burger and fries that will actually fill you up and leave you satisfied.
2	Good food and drink. But customer service is awful. Just be be careful who's on staff they might bite. Do not get the Bloody Mary. Buy the garlic fries and the burgers are great.
4	One taste of a char-broiled burger at the William Blake pub, like a bite of forbidden fruit, put a craving in my brain for a char broiled burger.  A yelp* search for char broiled brought up Original Hamburger Works, and others.  We came here.  We ordered Big Ones, fries, onion rings and fountain drinks.  The hand-formed patties were put on the open grill as we ordered.  The flames leapt high.  The real deal was on the way.  We went modern, ordering whole wheat buns, no cheese.  The classic would be the sesame seed bun or Kaiser.  Next time I think I'll go sesame seed.  The excellent thing here is that you get your meat and bun, head for the ingredient wagon, a real former farm wagon with wooden wheels and a sneeze panel, and build your burger exactly how you want it.  Tomatoes, onion, pickles, lettuce, chiles, sauces, etc.  Then you get to sit down and eat it.Good place for a char-broil.  Now William Blake; Ah! gentle may you lay down and gentle rest your head.  A char broil I have eaten, and I'm completely fed.  Read more at http://www.blackcatpoems.com/b/the_book_of_thel.html#FTzpDeSwqbY0FBDo.99
5	This burger place was really good. I had the number #1 combo(no drink included) for $5.99 which is a pretty reasonable price. Burger was pretty good size,  i dont think theres a need for double or bigger than the Big One. I added bacon and I appreciate its in round shape so it covers more bites than strip bacon. Fries were good as well. Onion rings could be skipped nothing special. We also ordered a side of chili i would skip it too. If you know Anthony Bourdains top 3 burger joint in the word named Sams in San Fran then you could compare the flavors and feel. This reminded me of that place. I highly recommend it.
4	The experience was beautiful and the service impeccable. We had to order a second Peanut butter and chocolate ganache dessert it was so delicious.
