5	Definitely a great show. Funny and exceptionally entertaining. I would definitely see Murray again the next time we are in town. Awesome show for the whole family.
5	I have not only seen this show once , but twice ! He is THAT good and such an entertainer . Him and is wife Chloe and his side kick Lefty are all amazing . Murray sure can keep your attention folks . I will see this show everytime I am in Vegas and put it on the top of my list . Great job Murray and I hope AGT is kicking themselves for now putting you through ! PS .. Not only is this a show worth seeing , but Murray is a fantasic person outside the show . I have met and talked to him more than once . Don't miss this one when in Vegas !
5	Fantastic combination of comedy and magic. Murray kept the whole audience laughing, punctuated with amazing demonstrations of magic. His beautiful assistant Chloe and contributing act Leftie completed the whole package. Looking forward to seeing Murray on TV and when we come back the Vegas.
5	You don't have to drop a fortune to see REAL talent. This is the REAL thing !!Great magic, laughs, & an absolutely GORGEOUS assistant !!And if that's not enough, after the show you can meet them all and have your picture taken with them. A family friendly show in an intimate setting. You won't be disappointed !!!!
5	I have been a fan of Murray since I first saw him on America's Got Talent.  The Tropicana is a smaller theater and just about every seat is really close to the stage.  Which means you can see everything up close and personal.  The bad thing is that means that Murray has to be at the top of his game even more since there is no room to hide on that stage.  With that being said, his performance and delivery was flawless.  His assistant, and wife Chloe make a perfect pair on the stage.  His other assistant Leftie was hilarious and a talented magician.  Another member of the cast tonight was Chris Scandal.  Another amazing magician.This is one of the things I respected about Murray.  This was the Murray show, but he gladly shared his spotlight with others.  The show is also very family friendly, nothing that would make you want to cover the little eyes with you.  Also, with the show being at 4:00, you can still see this show and make another one the same night...so it is also schedule friendly.
5	Murray's show was one of the highlights of our trip to Vegas.  I was there with my teenage son and two of his friends for a birthday weekend - none of us had ever seen a live magic show.  A friend in Vegas invited us to Murray's show, saying it was a 'must-see'.  He was not wrong!  Murray is an incredible performer - I don't know how all of his charisma can be contained on that small stage.  His delivery is flawless, the magic is fun and amazing and the laughs never stop.  It was a full hour of total entertainment.  What a treat!  We loved how he poked fun at the audience and brought some of them up on stage to assist.  The kids are still trying to pick apart the magic tricks to figure out how he makes it all happen.  The supporting cast are great, too - beautiful Chloe, bumbling Lefty and guest magician Chris Scandal.The icing on the cake was that the whole cast was waiting for us immediately after the show as we exited, ready to sign autographs, shake hands and take photos with everyone.  It was a very nice touch to be able to interact with them all, no egos or pretense.  This really is a must-see show, the real deal.  Don't miss it if you are in Vegas!
4	Great entertainment for the whole family.  Murray is a very talented and skilled performer and his show is one that you want to see when you are in Vegas.  Funny, current, great delivery, timing, and his magician skills are first rate.  Murray engages the audience and keeps you complete entertained the whole time.As I looked around the room to see how the audience was responding, I saw every face smiling and laughing.  It is a feel good show!!!  I am Grateful that Murray is in Vegas!
4	MURRAY SAWCHUCK at THE TROPICANA.I was curious to see what type of magic show I'd get at a major casino at 4PM on a Sunday afternoon, especially directly across the street from the MGM GRAND and DAVID COPPERFIELD!  What I saw at THE LAUGH FACTORY at THE TROPICANA was a FUN, ENTERTAINING, FAMILY ORIENTATED magic and comedy show.Murray entertained for just over an hour with incredible sleight of hand tricks, a few "magic box" tricks where his beautiful assistant would seemingly vanish, and a couple other cast members who were also very skilled and entertaining magicians.There was no bar service. No cocktails.  No rowdy hecklers.  Just a fun show. If I had kids, this is the show I would take them to in Las Vegas.
2	Good show if you are not very experienced magic viewer.  The problem is that there is little orginiality in this show... and really little Vegas pizzazz.  A small show with cliche tricks and humor.  The magicians are fairly skilled but for VIP tickets that came out to $50 for two (and this was suppose to be a two for one, since the person I went with was a local), I felt ripped-off.
5	We went to see Murray on Friday and we're still talking about it. This guy is quick witted and his magic is fantastic. We loved the entire show and will definitely going back. A must see for anyone.
5	My wife and I went to his Sunday night 7PM show. We had great seats (the Laugh Factory is a small venue so every seat is pretty darn good), and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  We've lived in Vegas for nearly 6 years and this was our first magic show we've ever attended here.  Murray is extremely quick on the wit (I was one of his victims) and masterfully blends comedy with magic.  Myself and two other guys were called up on stage to assist with a card trick.  When it was all over, I heard the guy right next to me saying "son of a @#%^&!" at the exact same time I did--we were both so simply amazed,  as was everyone else in the audience.Another plus were the guest magicians--one being Jonathan Scott of HGTVs" The Property Brothers".  It's a great fun show, and it's appropriate for all ages!  There aren't too many shows on the strip that you can say that about!
5	Awesome show! This man needs a larger venue!!!! He is totally awesome and the people in his show are great as well!Will return, but really hope someone opens their eyes to the gem they have in Vegas! His skills are awesome!
4	This is a pretty good afternoon magic show that can be enjoyed by the whole family. It is performed on the Laugh Factory comedy club stage at the Tropicana. It is a small venue so all the seats are good seats. Murray and his team meets you outside after the show for autographs and pictures.
5	Great show! Great for all ages! Made me laugh from beginning to end and I can't figure out how he did all that he did! He definitely needs a bigger stage, I was expecting him to do what he did on Americas got talent and all the big tricks but the small ones worked fine because he really impressed me! If you wanna see a magic show, see this one !
5	I live in Las Vegas and have seen the majority of all the shows offered.Murray the Comic Magician is one of the best shows ANYWHERE. I have seen his shows multiple times, the last being his two year anniversary. In every show the house was packed. From the first minute of his show the audience is fully engaged with the laughter and applause filling the room.If you only have time for one show - see MURRAY!Like another reviewer I hope show producers open their eyes and sign him to a larger venue.
1	This was mine and my wife's first trip to Vegas, and we booked Murray among several other shows, based heavily on Yelp. Our experience at Murray Celebrity Magician was the sole driver in my decision to join Yelp. Maybe he was having an off day, but Murray's performance at the Laugh Factory was awful. His magic was weak, and he only did two real tricks; both of them being drawn out miserably long. Frequently throughout the performance he complained that there was not enough applause, and even chided the audience for clapping at a jokey ring trick when compared to the applause from his big card trick. His assistant's magic tricks and comedy were more entertaining, but overall we were horribly disappointed. To add insult to injury, the 90-minute billing was actually only about 50 minutes long. I'm not sure if he cut it short because he was annoyed or if it is just significantly shorter than described. I would not recommend his show at the price we paid or at any price. As avid watchers of AGT we were horribly disappointed and felt like the show was both a waste of time and of money. Seeing as this is my first Yelp review, I'm not sure about the etiquettte, but we also saw two Cirque shows, Mac King comedy magic, and visited several attractions and had a blast at every one of them.
3	We all enjoyed the show but we're pretty sure Murray can do much more amazing stuff than what he actually does at this 60 minute magic/comedy act. The room is quite small...the stage is even smaller.....and I sense we've seen all the tricks before. Nothing really new or innovative. card tricks...girl sawed in half etc. been there/done that. Murray is a very likeable guy and his two assistants are OK....but I guess for $25 a ticket(which we paid)..what can you expect. its family friendly....no drinks even offered....and its at 4pm....so it has its positives. I wanted to like Murray more than I actually did. Was impressed with the improvements made at the Tropicana. Not such a scary place any more!
5	How is it possible that this show is so reasonably priced?  A fantastic show that is worth three times the cost of a ticket. Murray is very personable, cleaver and in touch with his audience. The assistant, Lefty, is quite talented with slight of hand and his schtick added to the show's enjoyment.  I highly recommend this very entertaining daytime show!
5	The venue is cozy and intimate.   Murray is very personable and puts on a great magic show with the help of his team of entertainers including Lefty and Murray's bride Chloe.  Lefty's slight of hand was excellent.  The team did a great job interacting with the audience.   Dont be afraid to volunteer with a trick or to provide a prop. He included children from the audience the night we attended.  One of his tricks included  making people disappear and reappear. After the show, he and his team spend time interacting with those that attended.  We honeymooned in Vegas 15 years ago and saw Lance Burton and have come back numerous times to catch a show including other magicians such as Seigfried and Roy, Mac King, and Nathan Burton.  I had the most fun at Murray's show.
5	Very good show. Venue was nice and intimate and you are able to see the tricks up close.  Supporting cast was great and I would go see it again and again. Added Bonus he came out and met you also gave autographs.  Ask anyone else to do that and they wouldn't. Shows true showmanship.
2	Simple routines. Kid friendly.  Funny. Not in the class of Copperfield, Lance Burton, Jan Rouven. Very tacky venue and props, but very close to the super small stage - good. Assistant Lefty was as good if not better.
3	I never like it when someone prefaces their show with a slideshow of themselves with various celebrities. Why are you trying to impress me, right? But I'm "from Vegas" and jaded. But also, this was absolutely not the venue for him at all whatsoever. But that's fine since his last show at the Tropicana is going to be October 31st.   I wasn't entirely impressed with this show. It wasn't awful, but, again, I believe Murray is meant to be a stage show...with smoke and lasers and lights n stuff, but, first of all, there were figuratively 4 of us in the audience (literally 25, maybe), and we were SO close I decided to designate myself the person to wipe the sweat off Murray's brow as he passed by me to get offstage. We were close enough to make intimate decisions like that for this hour. There's a quiet sidekick to this show, Lefty, who I could where his card was for card vanish. Granted, I dated a magician years ago, plus I'm older than 12, so I know how the trick is done, but..still.. ya know? Lefty was really cute though, and he is a talented card magician as well.  What also irked me about Murray was the way he kinda mumbled through his lines then "making fun" of us for not getting it. It was only 7, so I hadn't drank much, and by the time I figured out he had made a joke at all, he was running over it with his follow up, but quite frankly, his jokes weren't particularly funny anyway. (but, again, Vegas and jaded.)      I will absolutely 100% see Murray wherever he goes next because I'm certain it will be better. I'm certain he'll have a stage appropriate for his show. And I'm certain he'll have renewed passion for the show because when I saw him this weekend, he was totally checked out.     Oh, and his lady assistant was beautiful and talented as well.   Good luck, Murray! We'll see you again!
5	Very entertaining!
5	Absolutely THE BEST show!!! Murray is a true artist and performer. His show is witty, funny and (of course) MAGICAL! Lefty was wonderful, added amazing slight of hand and assistant Chloe was beautiful. It's a MUST SEE, also Murray was a great guy and I enjoyed getting to meet him after the show.
5	I want to start my review with a disclaimer: I work beverage at Sin City Theater where Murray is now. I have only rarely worked during his show I normally work the later shows & when you work a show you don't pay much attention to the portions of it when you are normally busyThat being said I had worked two or three times during the show at the bar & I did think it was cute from an adult point of view but when I took my son & two other children (plus two more, with 5 total kids in our party) for his 10th birthday I did not realize how much fun we would have. My son said it was his best birthday ever.Part of it was seeing the show through the eyes of excited happy kids but I liked the things they enjoyed as well. It is up close right there a-volunteer-from-the-audience magic. I know a little bit about magic shows (very little but some) and I thought the tricks were very well performed, the kids came in slightly skeptical but after the first few minutes were like AMAZED AND ASTOUNDED. Kids are hard to excite nowadays & this did it. His routine is also funny and keeps you on your toes, one of the adults with me was a fellow employee & we both giggled along with his jokes. He interacts well with his audience using a good mix of front row/back row volunteers & he did pick some kids (and seniors) which honestly must be horrifying for a performer because kids are capable of anything. Lefty was great too, as was Chloe. The "sidekick" & "assistant" never get enough credit but they really made the show. Lefty is cute & funny & Chloe is gorgeous & engaging. The kids all want to do magic now which I think is great because we have enough video game players in the world it would be nice to have more magicians. I love shows like this because this is what Vegas was built on & its good for our community. This show is great for kids because of the size & material it's inspiring to them. You can take your child to a movie on  a screen where they know it's make believe or you can take them to something that inspires them to get out there & learn something. My kids were elementary age but I think older kids too. There were some high school age kids there who were having a great time, one got chosen to go on stage and loved it.It is great for adults who want to go to an early show (4PM) and have a slightly ironic laugh and a good time, also great for seniors.
