5	I love Greek food!!!!  Filling and full of flavor.  No wonder they call this place the Fat Greek, I can hardly stop shoving my face when I'm there.So, The Fat Greek was a pleasant discovery one weekend when i was strolling in a shopping center during lunch time.  It's not cozy, it's decorated in traditional blue and white, with some grapes here and there, but once you sit down you realize....you're here to eat.The Fat Greek is family owned and operated....and they are so happy to help you choose  something wonderful from their menu.  I recommend a bottle or two of Mythos beer, (oh yeah, they have a full bar. OPA!) and the beef kabob, with a appetizer of their homemade Hummus and fresh pita's.  WORD to the taste buds.
4	been to the fat greek several times, most recently for din din tonite with the gf.ordered the usual starters - hummus and stuffed grape leaves - enjoyed both.  gf went with the standard gyro, i tried the lamb shanks with orzo.  total price with drinks $35.  unfortunately, due to time constraints, after the apps and the soup that came with my dinner, we had to take the rest to go.  btw - the soup, a chicken and rice with dill and a little citrus-y tang was delicious !after dropping the gf off at work, made it home for the shanks - 2 huge chunks of lamb and a big 'ol pile of orzo.  the lamb meat - tender and plenty of meat on dem bones !!  only prob - didn't  have anything to scoop out the gold in them thar shanks - actually used a toothpick !surprised to see a little italian cafe next to FAt Greek - one more place to try !happy eating !
3	So. This is the next best thing to my mommy's home cooking [which is currently 500+mi away :(]. Souflaki (lamb shish kabob) was soooo good! They cooked it exactly how I asked. The fries that come with it would super good for some reason...pretty sure fries aren't a Greek specialty haha. Tiropitas (cheese pies) were pretty good. Nothing to write home about, but I'm too lazy to cook I'll definitely pop in here for a couple orders! Service was good. Casual dining but good food and reasonable prices.
4	WoW! I've been a #1 fan of Greek food years, and when I crave it in Vegas, this is where I end up... First couple of times I was amazed @ the fresh taste, but couldn't understand the wait.. I peeked in the kitchen to see them chopping the parsley for my tabouli..."Could they be making it fresh evertime?" You bet'cha! and the prices are very reasonable, staff is amazing. Don't miss it!! Jason
5	great food, even better customer service! p.s. the lamb is awesome!!!
4	I'm updating to improve my review to 4 stars.  They've expanded the restaurant and improved the service.  Food is still great.  Best Greek food I've had in a long time.Good food, especially the gyros.  Greek salad was made with great olive oil and the flavor really improves the dish, especially compared to the vinagrette they put on at most Greek restaurants.
5	This place was packed with a wait at lunch time - definitely a great sign! Service was friendly and prices were decent. Gyro Supreme - $6.75 or so (add $1.75 for drink + fries/rice). Great gyro meat, soft warm pita bread and tons of feta and tzatziki sauce! I've actually never had a gyro with feta cheese - but it was a welcome addition !
5	I stumbled upon this place on my way to the airport.  What a pleasant suprise!I got there around 11:00 am and there was only one table available.  Within minutes there was a line out the door.  I ordered something safe - gyro with french fries.  I was disappointed with myself when I saw the entrees and salads being served to the other table.  In a few minutes I received my order and I was impressed.  The meat was tender yet crispy on the outside, the pita was soft, the sause was exactly what it should be and the french fries were delicious.  If I lived in Vegas I would eat here at least once a week.  Oh, and the prices are great!
4	Yelp to the rescue, once again!!  This place is an AWESOME off-the-strip find.  High quality, delicious food for really reasonable (almost cheap) prices.  We went in the afternoon and it wasn't busy at all, so we had excellent service.  It's in a strip mall, but nicely decorated in the standard blue and white Greek style.  A huge menu, lots of options and you get sides with most of the dishes (a plus for me).  I had the flatbread sandwich with veggies, feta, and tzatziki, and my pal had the gyros and fries.  Everything was flavorful and delicious.  I wish we had a Greek place this cheap and good in LA!
5	Great place, reasonably priced the food was really good everything was fresh and the restaurant was spotless.
5	Yay YELP! Came here based on other reviews, and had a great meal, well, meals!Way better than your average Greek place. Had a delicious gyro for lunch. The fries were amazing also. Liked it so much I went back for diner the following night.Had the Gyro salad, with a side of falafels, and an appetizer of, I forget the name, but it was fried cheese, VERY good. The falafels were not dry, came with an delicious sauce and went well with the salad but would be great by itself too. Lots of people order salads there it seems, and their olive oil was extremely good.Met the owner, who was very nice. He truly is a fat Greek :)  He's happy and takes pride in his restaurant.I highly recommend The Fat Greek for lunch or diner!
5	Located right outside the strip next door to a food 4 less supermarket and fortunately right down the street from my place. this Greeks is AWESOME! it's affordable, family owned, very nice people, and good quality food. the owner is really a fat greek lol and he's very nice.you should give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	This is my first yelp review. We went to The Fat Greek, based on the yelp reviews, and were not disappointed. This is a small restaurant in a strip mall.  The food was very tasty and reasonably priced. Large portions served by a charming staff.  Bright and clean is the best way to describe the ambiance. This is the best Greek food I've eaten in Vegas.
5	Discovered this place a few years ago. Fell for the gyros instantly, over time, I've learned that the whole menu is great. I've been dozens of times and never been disappointed. Taken friends and family, it's always a hit.Saganaki  & gyros are great for lunch, at dinner the combo plate is a great way to sample a variety, the lamb dishes are excellent, too. I'm also a fan of the lentil soup and pastries are treat if you are able to save room.
5	Awesome! Great service, great food, great prices!
4	A solid 4 stars and maybe a little more. The staff, definitely imported, need to work on their friendliness a little bit. They did their jobs well but seemed a bit on the stiff side and need to liven up just a bit for this environment.Wifey had a big salad with chicken that she liked. It was a Greek salad with calamata olives, feta and a few other traditional ingredients. I had the traditional gyro, no lettuce!, and it was very good. The fries with melted feta on them are outstanding! We'll definitely be going back when we're in the neighborhood.
5	This restaurant has AWESOME customer service. We came in an hour before closing time and yet they still served us an awesome meal. Our waitress was awesome and had awesome manners too. Their hummus is fantastic. I had their pasta with shrimp and their shrimp were perfect. Their Fat Greek Salad is awesome too. All their seafood is fresh, literally. The cook goes out and buys it fresh or still alive...Awesome place overall.
5	This place doesn't look like much from the outside, but it is sooo good. The interior is delightfully homey, and the staff is incredibly attentive and friendly.The gyro was incredible, although maybe not quite as good as the Bay Area's Opa's. The fries were some of the best I've had (crispy on the outside but nice and soft on the inside).If we go back to Vegas we're definitely coming back to the Fat Greek.
4	Nice Place! Good service (they were extremely patient with us and our baby). We had the Lavash wrap and the Falafel wrap and both of them were good & fresh tasting. The falafels were good, but not great.The fries were the best. We would surely visit again.
5	Best Gyro in town. Great service and nice establishment.
4	I was on the search for a good gyro for lunch and I brought along two of my friends for the journey. I like this place and the fact that when you walk in and its decorated with "Greek colors." I came here on a Friday for lunch and it was pretty packed. That was definitely a good sign! My friends both ordered the Fat Greek Gyro and I just ordered the Traditional Gyro. The Traditional Gyro was tasty, but I felt the pita bread was a bit too tough. The rice pilaf was good, but extremely buttery. My friend ordered the "Greek" fries and it came with melted feta cheese on top. It looked good, but I was too full to even try it. Overall, I think the lunch combo is decent deal and I will be back when I need a good gyro.
5	Im Greek & it's nice to see an actual restaurant in Vegas that represents are food so amazingly. The owner Yiannis is very friendly and anytime I walk in there i feel at home. Even if your not a fan of Greek food you cant pass up trying this place out from appetizer to desert you'll be amazed at how authentic it is!
4	Love it! My favorite thing is whenever I'm in a bind for a potluck, I run over to these guys and grab two or three of their gyro salads. They're always a huge hit! Their homemade hummus is TO DIE FOR, and their steaks and lamb chops are always seasoned/cooked to perfection. It can be either very reasonable, or a little pricey, depending on what you order, but always worth it. The atmosphere is great... I've never been to Greece, but I totally felt like I was transported.
5	Wonderful and amazing Greek food here.  Very authentic.  The atmosphere is light and airy.  It's got a full bar.  It's a great place to go to sit and chat over a great meal.  The food is reasonably priced for what you get (a gyro plate will feed me for two days).  The Chicken Lemon soup is absoultely amazing, as is the spiced feta.  Honestly, I've loved everything I've tried here. The gyros are super popular.  If you hit a rush, you might wait for a while to get one.  However, it's always fresh, perfectly done, and cut from the spit as it's ordered (and often as it's done, thus the wait--which is WELL worth it).  Call ahead and order if you are in a rush.  The pastires are really not good for you, which is just as it should be.  The neopolitians are like eating clouds.  The baklava is inspiring, and the almond baklava is to die for.  I grew up in a small town that was heavy with Greek immigrants.  I grew to love the food.  I searched to find food to match it for years before finding this place.  It's wonderful.
3	Maybe it was due to the outside temp being 115 and probably 85 in the restaurant, but there was an odd smell as soon as I walked in the door.  The decor was pleasing.  The service was very spotty.  Maybe the heat affected everyone there.  The food was good and I'd have given 4 stars except for the accompanying odor.  The gyro meat was plentiful - a little too plentiful.  Sometimes more isn't better.  The falafel was incredible.  Best I've had in Las Vegas.
5	the best, period!
4	Wow. My  best friend and partner-in-dining out, Ana, raved about eating here, and I thought to finally go out with her and give this place a try; I didn't expect much, but I did trust my friends' assessment--I am definitely glad I did! The restaurant is tucked away in an urban shopping center, without any special banner or advertisement. I almost didn't find it, driving past it. The interior is very average Greek-restaurant--light blue and white--colors of the Greek flag are decorated inside. I will say that the place was extremely clean and meticulous, which I appreciated. The food pleasantly surprised me. My Greek salad was very flavorful. Pita bread was average. Babaghanoush was as good as it gets. Chicken shawarma was slightly above average--but very fresh. Deserts were too die for--great prices, too! I had Napolean--huge portion for only $3. Incredible. I have some food allergies, and both, the waiter and the chef came out to discuss which foods had certain allergies etc. Very much appreciated!Service was good, although it did take a little bit to get the check. Overall, very well above average experience. I will be back. No, I plan to come back within the next two months and I'll update my review then. Thank you, Ana, for introducing me to this authentic gem.
5	Excellent Greek food at fair prices. The service is friendly and the food is out of this world. Try the Gyro platter, you'll thank me later. It's probably enough food to feed three people. I get over there whenever I can and eat outside when the weather is reasonable. I only wish they were open on Sunday!
5	When you seat me and my four friends ten minutes before your closing time, you deserve five stars.  When your food is delicious, and there's plenty of it, you deserve five stars.  When you're genial and join in our laughter even after we're the only ones in the restaurant, and we're the only things keeping you from going home, you deserve five stars.After a long drive to Vegas and checking in our bags at our hotel, we drove over to The Fat Greek.  It was already about 8:50pm when we got there, but they welcomed us in as if the place had just opened up for the day.  Our waitress was super friendly and suggested we get the four-appetizer combo when we couldn't decide which appetizer to get.  Along with the combo, we also got the calamari.  The babaganoush and the hummus were my favorites of the cold appetizers, and the calamari was light and crispy.  Not to mention, our waitress kept bringing us fresh oven-warm pita like a Mexican restaurant brings your a never-ending bowl of tortilla chips.My pork chops were fantastic--a huge serving of pork chops that were juicy and flavorful.  And I loved the lemon roasted potatoes that came with the chops.I will definitely go back to this place when I go back to Vegas.
3	When I decided on The Fat Greek for lunch I was starving! It's so hard to make a menu selection when your eyes are as big as your stomach is empty. The first thing I knew I was getting was Athenian Fries. I'm not sure how "Greek" french fries really are, but hey, they have them on the menu, the gentleman at the counter recommended them AND the owners are really Greek, so why not. I'm a sucker for Feta Cheese so the Beef/Lamb Fat Greek Gyro sounded great to me. Neither selection let me down. The Gyro was HUGE! The venue was very clean and the service was friendly and quick. Next time I would love to sit down and eat at the restaurant when I have time and eat only from the appetizers list. I heart Greek food, and especially love it when you know the restaurant owners are truely Greek. :)A great seletion for quality, fresh Greek food. Yum.
5	The Best Greek Restaurant inTown! The food is excellent, large portions, very reasonable prices, friendly staff, great service...not much more you can ask for.The Gyro's are stuffed to the brim, the Greek Salad is awesome (especially if you add Gyro meat) The lemon/chicken/rice soup "Avolomole" or something like that, is wonderful. I have never had a bad meal, if you like greek food, you will love this restaurant!
4	Okay, so I have frequented at least 4 different Greek places in Vegas and have yet to find one I REALLY liked. I generally judge a Greek Restaurant on two things. First is their dolmades (stuffed grape leaves) and the second is their tzatziki (the cucumber yogurt sauce you usually get on gyros). This place delivered on both! I actually ended up ordering an appetizer sampler (as I don't eat meat, the appetizers are where the good stuff is). I ordered the dolmades, hummus, baba ghanoush, and tzatziki, which came with pita (although not enough pita to eat everything. I had to order more). For the most part everything was DELICIOUS!! The hummus did need a little more lemon juice for my taste, but that was an easy fix as they serve the platter with a wedge of lemon. The dolamdes were served cold, which I found I tend to like better. They had really good flavor and were a decent size. The baba ghanoush had a good smoky eggplant flavor and the tzatziki...OH, the tzatziki....it was so thick, creamy, and smooth (I mean, despite the fact that there were bits of cucumber in it - you know what I mean). GREAT flavor...a hint of dill, refreshing cucumber, a the distinct flavor of garlic (not overpowering, just a hint). It really is some of the best tzatziki I've had...even at "authentic" Greek places. My bf got a gyro platter and he thought it was really good as well. It came with a side of fries which were REALLY good. They were a thicker cut fry with a crispy outside and velvety soft center. I really didn't know potatoes could have such a light texture. They were also coated in a kind of seasoning, although not overpowering. It may just be the oil they fried them in. TIP: Dip the fries in the tzatziki....oh so, so good.The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is that they don't have a vegetarian platter. Yes, they have a falafel platter and a Spanakopita platter, but not a platter with the stuff I got on it. While I enjoyed the appetizer sampler, it was  ALOT of food (I shared and still had a lot of leftovers) and it cost $14.95 (the gyro platter was only $7.95 - is that me being cheap?). I would have much rather had smaller portions of each with maybe two falafel. It would have been perfect. But really...I will definitely go back to this place when I can...it's a bit of drive for me, but it's well worth it!
4	Fantastic falafel and tzatziki.  Went for lunchtime and got a big portion of food.  Excellent service, I'd go back even if I had to drive many miles from the other side of Vegas.
5	Stopped in here looking for a quick gyro, ended up getting the gyro platter for $12, which turned out to be a fair price for a lot of food, including an excellent, fresh side salad with Greek house dressing, plus fresh baked bread and flat bread. The gyro meat was moist and delicious, the tsatsiki was fresh and tangy, with a hit of dill.I wanted to try the mousaka, but they were out of it the day I stopped in. They have lunch specials, so if you want to just grab a gyro, falafel, etc you can. I'm glad I found this place, and highly recommend!
4	I live pretty close to this establishment and come here often. Real friendly staff and the food is outstanding. I always bring my friends/family from out of town here for lunch. They love it. Prices are reasonable, desserts are amazing. OPA!!
4	Great Atmosphere.  Not very busy.  Lovely wait staff!The spanikopita was bland.  And I didn't like the baklava.  But the Fat Salad was amazing, the Egg bread beautiful and the Avgolemono Soup was sooo creamy and wonderful.  I'll go back and try more!
4	I tried their Gyro just couple of weeks ago...I had finished everything on my plate including the fries and had even ordered their huge slice of baklava....that baklava was soooo good!!!!!
5	Las Vegas Yelpers!!!Thanks so much for the reviews! I recently moved to 702 and I wanted to see where I could find a yummy greek spot! After doing a quick search on yelp... The Fat Greek was on my hit list!I'm a huge gyro fan and after eating at Papa Cristos in LA numerous times over the past 2 years... I was hoping to find a spot in Vegas that could fill my void of having Papa Cristos withdraws.Came here on Valentine's Day for lunch with my friend visiting town from San Diego. We both ordered the Fat Greek gyro (lamb/beef)... be prepared to get messy! I had feta cheese and talziki sauce on my face the whole time! gyros are super messy! haha.I'm a huge fan of their fat greek gyro!!! love the feta cheese :)) pita bread and lamb/beef were on point. Super huge... you can split it with someone if you're no that hungry!I will be back when I'm craving for a gyro!Indoor/outdoor seating (no wait). casual dining (love the classic bright blue and white theme). private parking lot (no problems with parking). Decent prices.If you're a Vegas local or visiting... and hungry for greek... stop by The Fat Greek!-Miss Yelp 2011
2	Service was great. The meal was fittingly cheap. Desserts looked good. But I got soooo sick an hour after eating here(and only here) one day last week. I had the PROCESSED and overly salty "lamb-beef" gyro meat and funny-tasting moussaka... I suspect my two bites of the gross moussaka were to blame. I can't fathom the fact that Americans enjoy gyro bologna, which is thin and processed (not skewered) and worth about $0.01/lb. Gyro meat should be chunky, moist and crispy... and lamb OR beef.The baklava was overly-dense, bland and gross. I can understand why my throat refused said advances. Next.
4	This place is good for Greek food. Most Greek food places are overpriced and this place is not. About $12 for a Mousaka or Pastichio plate (both are kinda like a Greek lasagna). Different from my mom's, but still tasty.The baklava was pretty good...they had like three varieties. I don't like the location, even tho it's close to my house. The Food4Less parking lot that they share is shady and you can't really see your car from the restaurant. That crossed my mind the last time I was there, and indeed someone tried breaking into my car whilst I was dining. Left me with some nice scratches on my driver-side door.
5	Do not let the outside of this place deter you! Inside it is beautifully coordinated in blue and white. It's very unique and relaxing. The food is very good. Generous portions, fresh bread!! Their soup is addictive. The gyros huge! Unfortunately this place to too far from me and we do not get there often enough.  I have not tried the dinner menu yet. I can't wait!
5	I've been comming here for several years now. It is ALWAYS fantastic.Great food, great service and great prices.
5	I pass this restaurant everyday and my family and I finally decided to give it a try today for lunch.  The Fat Greek Gyro is out of this world! I've had many a gyro, but the feta cheese on the top of the Fat Greek Gyro really sets this gyro apart from the rest.  If you are a feta fan, you also have to try the Athenian fries- melted feta on the top of crispy, delicious fries.  Oh, so very good! The Fat Greek is also an excellent value.  The portions are huge and the overall atmosphere of the place is great.I think I will be hard pressed to find a gyro that is as good as the one I had here today!
1	I have been here often. it is usually a delighful little break during the day for lunch and a couple of times I have ventured over to take part in an evening meal. After my experience tonight I will not be back. My father, in from out of town, my boyfriend and I sat and watched as every table in the place recieved their orders....we waited and waited and waited. Our glasses ran dry, our bread all gone, and still no entree. At 1 hour 10 min wait we walked to the register asked for our check for our drinks and tried to leave. At that time the server argued with us then....then the manger came out to tell us we were wrong and had only been waiting 50 min. As much as the food is ok....the service is/was awful!
5	Looking for a decently priced, generous sized-portion, great tasting, authentic Greek food? Look no further, this is the place to be! One word, Moussaka. Their baklava and other little desserts are great too!BTW, they're closed on Sundays.
3	I came in during lunch and ordered from the Gryos/Sandwich section:__Chicken Shawerma, $7.50: the grilled chicken was tender and juicy. I just wished that there was more hummas and  Tahini Sauce to taste. Overall, it was good/pleasant.__ Fat Greek Gyros (w/ beef/lamb), $7.79: I honestly felt that the meat was too seasoned, that it became slightly salty for my palette. The crumbled feta cheese on top sure did not help-- together with the meat, it brought out an overly salty taste to the gryos. *Note: Add $1.99 for Choice of Rice, Fries, or Greek Salad and 24 oz. Fountain DrinkAlthough I gave this place only 3 stars, I will be back again. I definitely want to try out the other items on the menu, especially since this place is listed at the top (of the search engine) for Greek cuisine on Yelp.
5	Amazing-amazing gyros. We had the Philly and added meat to the Lavish Wrap. Both incredible. Nice outdoor seating area. Can't wait to go back.
2	We decided to check out The Fat Greek about a month ago. We split the combination plate for two (moussaka, pasticcio, gyro, dolmades, roasted potatoes and tiropita). They were out of grape leaves so they substituted meat patties for the dolmades. We each got a Greek beer. I was impressed with their selection of Eastern European beers but not so impressed with the food. The food was fine but not particularly memorable...if I remember correctly.
5	If you have ever read one of my reviews from Phoenix you'll know I am not only Greek but know my Middle Eastern and Greek foods, so I feel I am really qualified to say what's authentic and what's not.  Well, The Fat Greek is not only authentic but fantastic!  This is some of the freshest, well made Greek foods in a restaurant I have ever had.  I cannot say enough about this place that is good!!!The food is authentic and fresh, the place is clean and worth every penny!EAT HERE, EAT HERE, EAT HERE if you want real Greek foods!!!I had my car there so the 3 of us--one with a culinary degree from a Chicago Cordon Bleu college--and we all loved it.Off the Strip so you need a car (but not a very long ride at all, so it's close to the Strip), but sooooo worth it!Boy! I will be heading back to this place my next and every trip I have in Vegas.  This is THE PLACE, kids!
4	Great find!  The service was very attentive and the moussaka was excellent.  The tzatziki is also quite tasty. Our server listed the beers by region, not by maker, which was strange.  But we had the Greek beer, which turned out to be Hilla.  Served in a cold glass.  It went well with the food.We came here just before 9pm on Friday. The sign outside says they close at 9pm every night of the week, except Sunday which is 8pm.  But they seemed to stay open past 9pm, so I don't know.  The website and Yelp says 10pm on Saturdays and Sundays. I thought they were closed on Sundays before.  It's so confusing.$10 minimum for credit card charges.
5	This is it, look no more for great Greek food. The staff was very friendly and very helpful as I am not very familiar to Greek cuisine. My husband and I split the Combination Plate For Two which has enough food that it could have been a dinner for four. Great portion sizes and fair prices. This dish has a little bit of everything,  Moussaka, Pasticcio, Gyro, Dolmades, Roasted Potatoes and Tiropita and was a great way for us to try some Greek dishes. Amazing, I will definitely be back.
4	The BF and I came for lunch. He ordered the Fat Greek Gyro w/ fries. He thought it was pretty good and surprised at how plentiful the meat was. Fries were crispy outside and still fluffy inside. He originally wanted to get falafel but they were out, so next time.I got the chicken shawarma w/ Greek salad. The chicken was pretty juicy and the hummus in it was good and plentiful in meat and toppings. Salad was pretty basic, but very fresh and crisp. We got a baklava to share since it just got out the oven. This would have been pretty good of a pastry but the nuts tasted a little bit burnt so it was toasted a bit longer than it should have been. Service was friendly, but a bit slow. This though wasn't because the server wasn't doing his thing, but he was the only server with two big parties and 3 other tables. There were other people prepping and who I think is maybe an owner sitting around, but no one helped him out. Overall a pretty decent lunch spot.
4	We had a group of 3. Leisurely start for service since one waitress and many tables, but good we it started. Great food, not disappointed with the lamb. House salad surprising good. Good baklava. Pleasant greek  decor  our fan list.
5	Yummy gyro plate :)
4	Came in for lunch after seeing it on my blackberry Yelp app. I would be lost without it! Nicely decorated inside and clean. My order the Gyro Supreme sandwich with side salad and ice tea for a $1.75 add. OMG the Gyro was LARGE and I could barely get my hands around the beast! Sooo yummy and all the ingredients were fresh as was the salad which had lots of large tomato slices and large chunks of cucumber. My server a male was just OK, but wasn't the friendliest of servers and that cost the Fat Greek a star. It's a shame BC the food and the establishment are solid.
5	Really liked Paymon's until we found The Fat Greek.  Everything was fresh.  Bread was incredible. Gyros was tender, wrapped in warm pita.  Terrific Greek salad.  Would have loved to try the desserts, but we ran out of time.  Bummer that they close so early.
5	5-STARS! They serve you warm bread and pita as you are ready to order. Their bread melts is your mouth. The salads are fresh and crisp tossed lightly with olive oil. My favorite is the Gyros plate; served with a lemony authentic pilaf, you can tell it's home made. The gyros are tender and flavorful. The staff is extremely nice. The atmosphere is authentic, not extremely fancy but very welcoming.
5	No wonder they call it The Fat Greek. Once you try anything you want everything!!!The food was FANTASTIC as was the service. We even had a conversation with a man at a neighboring table that was fun. He was Greek and told us the food was very authentic. I highly recommend "The Fat Greek". We're making plans to go back and have the Lamb Shanks as they were out the day that we went.One other thing, if you're a vegetarian, you'll find ample food for you.
4	Came in for lunch and was seated quickly. I ordered the beef / lamb Gyro with salad and a beverage.  My food arrived quickly and my Gyro lamb & beef meat tasted on the dry side and the pita was overcooked to crunchy - but edible. My salad was fresh and I finished both items. On a side note I used the restroom and it was spotless clean as is the dinning room.
1	I struggle to see what all these reviewers saw in this place. I've had my share of wonderful Greek food, my husband is Greek and happens to be very good at cooking his mom's Greek dishes. This place was a huge disappointment in every way.1. Service - Awful. One Russian waiter who did EVERYTHING while an old guy stood around and watched him. I saw another table ask where there food was and he said "I'm the only one here today and all these people came in at the same time", no apology, nothing. We sat for 15 minutes before our spanikopita came out. Another 20 minutes until our lunch came. At first we thought - this is what we get for going to a Greek restaurant on Greek Easter BUT this place is run by Russians! So that's not even an excuse. We did notice three other tables with Russian patrons were served much more quickly than us.2. Food - all lukewarm. Spanikopita was like none other I've had, and not in a good way. Hardly any filling and there was crunchy stuff on the top. It was ok, but it certainly wasn't spanikopita. I had the chicken soulvaki and my husband had the lamb. Both meats were lukewarm, probably bc our waiter was spending too much time socializing with one of the Russian tables and the old guy just stood and watched as our dish got cold. The chicken was completely average, my husbands lamb was ok. The dish came with rice, which was very "wet". We each had a side salad. The salad was probably the best part of our meal. It was yummy.3. Atmosphere - it's in a strip mall with a Food 4 Less so let's just say you should not expect it to have a great atmosphere and it certainly lived up to that expectation.All in all, as a Vegas local we will not be back and will not recommend this place to anyone. It was a very disappointing, strange experience. It was this place or Thai, we should've gone with Thai...
4	Great lunch spot.  I have eaten here 20+ times and haven't had a bad experience yet..
4	My friends couldn't decide what to eat, so I eliminated choices and we ended up here at the Fat Greek because the Greek food makes the tummy happy and not overall full.  The restaurant is rather clean as well as the bathrooms which some of the others on these reviews had mentioned.Why this is four stars, and it's because I didn't get to try all their yummy food!  I hope to come back to Vegas and try the rest of the items on the menu.  So many unique items I have never even heard of:Tirokefteri (I don't even remember what this was but I know it was really good and spicy)Saganaki (Salty kinda crispy cheese)?Tzatziki (yogurt with cucumber with infused olive oil) --common at most Greek Restaurants (this was a little different from other Greek Restaurants I've been to, but it was so refreshing)Babaganoush (eggplant) -- common at most Greek RestaurantsAvgolemono-Lemon, rice, chicken soup-- I am a soup fan, so I loved this soup, however, I wished it was a little more lemony to add extra zest.Fat Greek Gyro with Chicken/Lamb-- Chicken was on the dry side but still delicious.I don't believe in ever restaurant being perfect, but we came at a not busy time and there was only one waiter, and he did an okay job checking up on us.  Take Home Message:If you want a break from the strip, come to Fat Greek to have some happy tummy food for lunch.
5	Best part:  authentic and delicious dishes you won't find at crappy Greek food chains!The Place- ...will make you wonder if you're in the wrong place.  Run-down strip mall, corner-deli-style building.  But the FOOD will make you forget all about this. :)The Service-  Authentic Greek!  Sweet.   Um... but... there was only one server, and once the lunch rush started we were kind of ignored.  He was very patient and explained all the foreign-sounding dishes to us, though.The Food- Awww yeah.  Reasonably priced enough that I could justify ordering one of pretty much everything:  --Tzatziki (yogurt + cucumber) was fresh and delicious--Baba ganoush and hummus were also right on par--Tirokefteri (new to me: creamy cheese spread with spice) was delicious!--Saganaki- salty fried cheese, went well with the milder baba ganoush/ hummus...but *very salty on its own*--The soups were good, but I'm meh about soups--The lamb gyro was delicious!!  Gamey and cooked just right, with a great combo of flavors.. With all the soft fresh pitas we ate as appetizers, I didn't really have much of an appetite left (should've ordered the lamb souvlaki/skewers) but I ate the gyro afterwards, cold, and it was still FANTASTIC.  Take that how you will.GO!  For a great meal in Vegas at a GREAT price, this is IT.
5	I am addicted to this place for about three years now. Close to work and the strip, I lust myself when I eat here. Reasonably price, staff its very courteous. See you next lunch break !
3	about 5 years ago this place was my go to greek place, however now its just bleh. im not sure if it changed owners or what the situation is but after the last few times being "ok" at best, i wont be returning.
4	Looking for something different we ended up at the Fat Greek restaurant and I'm really glad we did.  They offer many  authentic Greek and other Mediterranean dishes and drinks,  the service is very good and hospitable, they really make you feel like home, we really enjoyed our meal and the atmosphere here. Nothing says more Greek like blue and white colors, and this is what  you find here and at any Greek restaurant, blue and white and that's my description of the decor. Prices are reasonable and the food was excellent and authentic.. I know what you're thinking. how can a Mexican know anything about the authenticity of Greek food? Well if Zorba the Greek was actually a Mexican actor playing an authentic Greek character on the big screen, then I can pretty much play a Greek food connoisseur and tell you that the food I'm eating is authentic Greek food. Besides after a good moussaka a couple of mythos beers and a shot of raki  I even speak Greek ..... Opa! Opa!       ( means I need a cab.)
5	Best gyro ever. Period.
4	Authentic, really good Greek restaurant!  I had the Spanikopita appetizer for my entree and the side Greek salad.  They were both really large and more than a meal.  My only wish is some sort of veggie combo, i.e. one piece spanikopita, one tiropita, salad.Two things that are a disservice to the great food:  One is so-so service, the other is location.  It's in a crappy strip mall and out of the way.
4	i had a good time eating here for lunch... i had the beef souvlaki that was a 3.5.. the baby octopus tho? 5 easy.. they didnt have a full order, so they just hooked it up with whatever they had available.. i could easily do 2 orders...
4	Solid, good authentic greek food. Everything taste fresh, clean, and awesome.  Its a total hidden gem in a crap hole strip mall, but its worth the hunt.  Greak gyros, shwerma, and souvlaki.  The pita bred is warm, fresh, and is not a chewy piece of cardboard, like some of those other greek chains, that pump out food like a nerd pumps out star wars facts....go here, you will not be dissapointed
5	Best Greek food I have ever had! Amazing and great service.
1	Wow!!!! The worst service I ever seen! Been there twice. The first time ,they just seemed annoyed that I was there to spend my hard earnd cash on there overpriced food. Very slow, and just lame. But the 2 nd time I showed up at near closing time (9pm) and  they would not feed me. Just the worst!! Avoid this place. Food  is just ok (1st time) But not worth the very very crappy service. Dont waste your money. Unless you enjoy feeling unwelcome at a restaurant.  Trust me walking into that place is more like the doctors office than a resturant.  If you don't want anything to drink, AND you want your food in a TO GO BOX!!! Eat at the FAT GREEK
3	I dont think I am every going back again to this place. We walked in around 5:30 PM and the restaurant wasn't packed that much - they had may be 3-4 tables with customers. But still their service was horrible. We sat down and had to wait literally for about 15-20 mins for the waiter to drop by. Our food took about 30 mins+ to get delivered to our table. It seems like there is only 1 person waiting the tables - instead of waiting for the waiter to come, we decided to walk upto the counter and pay our check. But the owner told us that you have to wait for that 1 person who is also serving others. I couldn't believe it - as a owner, you should be able to do the job yourself and not rely on the hired help so much. Anyhow, we wasted our time and money for a less than mediocre experience.
5	Best babaganosh I've ever had. Just the right amount of creaminess and it has a good smokey taste. Lentil soup was good but it could've been a little hotter. My friend had the spinach pie which was good. I also had their felafel pita which was yummy too.The set up of the restaurant was nice. Light blue trimmed with white and amazing artwork posted everywhere. My favorite decorative piece was the Warhol Marilyn Monroe plates mixed in with flower plates in the women's bathroom.They also have a chill patio to sit out on for those nice summer days.
5	Ok, for me to go to the same spot twice in one day tells you that I couldn't get the tasty thought of the Fat Greek out of my head since lunch, and had to have it for dinner. Tonight I ordered takeout, and I accept the thought that takeout js generally not as good as dining in, well, that is not the case at the Fat Greek. I ordered the pastichio with a side Greek salad and a rum raisin rice pudding. Every bite of the salad was delicious, the vegetables were crisp and ripe, the feta cheese soft and not too salty. The pastichio was unbelievable! The meat was so seasoned deliciously, and the red tomato sauce complimented it nicely. Finally, I had the rum raisin rice pudding and it made me smiiiile. So delicious. I'm so happy I didn't eat anywhere else today, this food def made my day. Wish they were open for breakfast lol.
5	Excellent service and excellent food. Ordered moussaka and gyros, and some avgolomeno soup. The soup was homemade and full of flavor. The gyros plate was loaded and the moussaka was very satisfying.This place is definitely a gem in Vegas, and I wish there was a similar place closer to home. Most Greek places are very cookie-cutter or very upscale. This is a nice family-friendly place with real food. Definitely will come back for dine-in or take-out in the future when in Vegas.
4	One of the "go-to" Mediterranean joints around my work.  Am I the only one who confuses Mad Greek with Fat Greek though?  On any given day I have no idea which one is which and which one I prefer (I definitely prefer this one though).  The first time I went here I was convinced they had the best falafels I'd ever had (then I went to Hedary's a few days later and it got bumped to #2).   I noticed Misti in her review mentioned they seemed overcooked.   I actually have experienced them this way a few times from here but happen to enjoy the flavor that the falafels get with some extra cooking once in a while.   Would now be an appropriate time for me to present you with my idea for a restaurant that only serves burnt food?   Am I the only person who would eat there?   But I digress...So yeah, love the falafels, and love the lentil soup as well.   I've also ordered the Chicken Skewers and thought those were excellent as well.   Big chunks of juicy chicken on a skewer with sliced tomato over some rice.  What more could you want?Service is usually fine, but a few times one of the male staff has seemed a little stand-offish to me.  Prices are fair, but not any exceptional value either.  Bottom line is the Fat Greek is one of the better Mediterranean restaurants here in Las Vegas.   I just hope no-one ever opens a place called "The Bad Greek" anytime soon.
5	I admit that I am not very knowledgeable about Greek food, but The Fat Greek is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.   I mainly go there around lunch time (they have gyro specials that come with a drink and a side).  But since it is not close to my work, it can be come a time crunch if there are more than two people in the party.My go-to is the Beef Shawerma.  It's Amazing.  The Fat Greek Gyro is also quite good, and the baklava for dessert is a MUST!As I said above, sometimes the service can be a little slow, but the wait staff has always been very friendly.
3	Sounds like Sanchan below and I had the same experience. Walked in at 5:30 on a Monday and the restaurant had two families dining there already. My cousin and I plopped ourselves down and settled on sharing an appetizer and a large entree plate (Kabob plate). After being presented with menus, it took forever for the waiter to come around and take our order. Also, my water glass was downed within 5 minutes of seating and in the 75 minutes or so I was seated, it was never refilled. It seemed as if ONE guy were working. The restaurant eventually filled up by 6:30 but there was still ONE waiter working all the tables. The appetizer (calamari) seemed to be kinda..old? It was crispy but didn't taste very fresh. My cousin and I felt as if it were bought and fried..and overcooked. Really not great.The fries here are great, and the kabob plate was pretty tasty. However, the service once again got us all bent out of shape. We had to wave the ONE guy down but he was too busy trying to get people seated, orders, and whatnot. I finally ended up just picking up my card and walking over to him at the cash register because we were starting to run late and I was tired of waving him down. I wish I could love it because there are so many positive reviews here. I might try to give it another chance, but that's honestly a "fat chance" (pun intended).
5	Frequent this place so much that they  should make a plate in honored of my name !try the pasta shrimp. Its awesome. Hummus. Greek salad. Greek friends. The burger is amazing. The water is amazing too !( I joke about their plain, same, filtered.water... It is refreshing though)
5	I'm not a fan of Greek food, but I've eaten lunch here twice and enjoyed it a ton both times. The traditional gyro and hummus is awesome.
4	I order from here for lunch very often using food delivery services. I think the food is worth paying the delivery price. I usually get a Lamb/Beef Gyro with a side of Baba Ganoush and extra Pita, all of which are awesome. That Gyro is FAT. It will fill you up and I'm happy to say that the ratio of Tzatziki, Feta, and Veggies perfect for me. I don't find anything lacking.So I ask myself, if the food is this good being delivered by a 3rd party what does it taste like fresh. I recently stopped in on my day off to answer that question. The food i so much better when you eat in and I am more inclined to order other things on the menu aside from something I think will carry well.I had the Shrimp Santorini which is like a Mediterranean style Capellini with a Pomodoro Sauce tossed with ten Shrimp. It was great and enough for 2-3 people.Also got to try the Fat Gyro made fresh and it made a huge difference.  I was really good delivered but excellent fresh which was expected.Add some Hummus and extra Pita and my tummy was happy. I will continue to order from here but will stop by whenever I get a chance.
5	Maybe lunch time is the best time to go to the Fat Greek because we loved it.There was one young girl working the floor but we were never left without drinks or condiments.I had the falafel sandwich and my bf had a traditional gyro. We both could not get over how good our food was that day. I spent some time in Greece and he is a NY'er. Like I said, maybe lunch is the time to go or maybe we just got lucky. Either way, our food was worth the trip.
5	This place is fantastic!!!  We wanted a good restaurant off the Strip, and found The Fat Greek on Yelp.  It did not disappoint.  We ordered the family meal for four ($55), and it was enough food to feed our party of 6 adults and 2 kids.  The salad was delicious, as were the roasted tomatoes and peppers, but the skewers were amazing.  The lamb and chicken skewers were so good you want to keep eating long after you're full.  The steak was marinated perfectly and was very tender.  The only bad thing is that we live in California, and can't visit this wonderful place more often!
5	Decided to drop in here with my mom while she was in town and really enjoyed our meal. We went for lunch and ordered a couple of gyros. I had the Chicken Shawerma and it was awesome! I have never been the biggest fan of Greek food, but it has grown on me recently. This place helped! One of the best gyros I have had and pretty fair priced for the size at $7.50.You must order the baklava! Get it as fresh as possible if you can, not sure what times they make it but I believe they only make certain number in the morning and then more later in the day. We were lucky enough to get it very fresh and it was fantastic. I have since stopped in and ordered two pieces to go and they seemed not as fresh and a bit tougher, but still tasted great. It's pricey at about $5 for a small 4x4 (maybe) square, but considering all the time and effort that goes in to making baklava its worth splurging on here and there.Only downfall for me is that they have separate menus for lunch and dinner. The gyros are only available on the lunch menu which I miss because I get out of work at 6pm. Maybe one day they will change that!
5	We were in Vegas for a convention.  Yelped good Greek and came up with the Fat Greek.  We decided to go there for dinner.  The outside did not look too welcoming but we went in anyway.  We are glad we did.  There were 5 of us including children.  We were hungry so we started with the hummus.  Delicious.  Could always have more pita.  3 of us ordered the Gyros plate.  We should have only ordered 2 because there was so much food!!!!  The avlogmeno (?) soup was Real, not chicken condensed soup with shredded chicken, rice and lemon.  This was the Real Thing and it was delicious!  The salads that came with the plates were huge and very good.  The homemade dressing was not overly spiced with oregano like some places make.  It had multi lettuce, tomato, cucumbers, and feta.  It was really good.  My husband, being very hungry when we ordered, ordered the Pork Chop.  OMG!!  It was, by far, the most delicious pork chop we have ever eaten.  Perfectly spiced and cooked to perfection.  The potatoes and vegetables that came with it were just as good.  They do need to employ more help.  Our waiter was practically running the whole time, so management, listen up!  Hire a buser.
3	I used to go to another Greek place right across the street but since they shut down I started to go here.  It's a good thing I discovered them because their food has great flavor and the price isn't too high.  Their gyros are fresh and they don't skimp on the food.  I normally get the chicken salad and it is tasty!
5	I love this little gem!!  I haven't had many things on their menu, but I do LOVE what I've had so far . . . fat greek gyro, soulvaki pita, the chicken greek salad, tabbouli salad, and falafel.  Each time I think I'll try something else, but I always end up right back with my fave, the orginal fat gyro!! The GYRO with LAMB really satisfies, it is delish, the meat is perfectly flavored and in my three experiences, always prepared perfectly!!  The lunch combo comes with the gyro and a side (I had the greek salad, but you can also do rice, I think) and a drink all for just under $10.  Not bad.  It gets a little busy at lunch time, we always try to sneak in at 11:30 to avoid the rush -- just a little tip.  By 12:30 when we leave, it's full.  Service is great -- very casual, but very helpful and kind.  They are quick with your order, refills and the check too!  If you're in the area -- definitely stop in!!
4	Simply put, I do not eat here enough. I should make it a point to eat here at least every other week because they are that GOOD.They are always busy but the food is always fresh and delicious. I have loved almost everything I have tried here except the falafel. Otherwise, I would have given them 5 stars but their falafel is a little on the dry side for me.The Gyro's are always amazing. Filled with just enough meat to veggies ratio and the perfect tzatziki sauce.The kabobs are always on point and have yet to disappoint me yet. Never dry or overcooked. Perfectly moist and the most delicious tantalizing bites I can put in my mouth.The hummus and babagoonoosh are always a huge hit for me too.I love this place.The prices are very accommodating and I love that I can call ahead to pick up my order.
1	service was slow, food sucked
5	The wife and I get the "Family Style Grill Plate for Four".  My little boy loves the beef and chicken.  We also get the greek style potatoes.  This dish is fantastic and the grilled vegetable's that they put on the plate are perfect with the meat.  The left overs are an added treat in the next days boring lunch salad at work.
2	Food took forever to arrive.
4	Our new "go to" Medi place. The service was great. My sig has a food allergy and the chef came out to discuss it with him. Everything was fresh, well prepared and high quality. Usually I find Greek food to be too greasy but not here. Highly recommend.
4	Came here to get some soup because I was sick. Their chicken lemon soup is to die for. The bread and zatziki sauce is a great starter for your meal.
1	To have authentic Greek food, you have to have a Greek cook and you need to speak  to real Greeks not middle easterners who think Baba Ganoush is Greek!  And when you get your gyro you dont serve it with a pickle!  You serve it with greek fries and your drink.  It upsets me when you have a so-called Greek restaurant but every recipe or menu item is tweaked and changed.  Authentic means original not Middle Eastern style Greek.
4	Had a great lentil soup and a really nice-not-too-fancy-but-super-tasty-Greek-salad.Loved it!Prices are affordable too.
5	Oh how I wish this place were closer to home!  I love the food and the service is good.  The prices are a bit high considering the budget conscious decor and the shopping center it is located in, yikes!  I'm always afraid I'm going to be robbed or carjacked with the characters in the neighborhood.  If this place were in Summerlin, it would be a huge hit.
5	Satisfied wholeheartedly my craving for Greek food!
3	I was very impressed how clean, pristine really, this place is.  Second I was impressed with the waitress - she was always smiling and very polite and helpful.  I was not impressed with the gyro meat.  It was sorta dry so I think it was shaved well before I arrived for my meal.  The greek salad was just average compared to others I've had.
5	Love this place.  It's got great authentic Greek food.  Best in Vegas.
5	Great place! I had spanikopita, fat Greek salad an a side of hummus-yummy! Waiter was very nice!
5	OPA! This place was almost perfect. Almost...I loved the blue walls with white trim that lined the store. It seemed to be a very quaint store seating below 100 seats inside and out.The menu was small and that was perfect as the three dishes we ordered came out like ambrosia. I usually only eat one thing when I return to a store. Here however I want to try one of everything.Service wasn't bad but wasn't good either. There was only one waiter to serve, clear, and refill drinks and he was busting his butt so it didn't surprise me our drinks were empty  for a long period of time (8mins) on more than one occasion. I will be back soon and encourage you to come on down!
5	This is the best Greek restaurant in Las Vegas I've had so far. The location is only strange until you walk in the restaurant. The prices are great and the food is incredible. Pros: Grilled octopus - perfectly marinated with olive oil, lemon and parsley. Gyros plate - large portion of tender shaved gyro meat, pita, tomato, tzatziki sauce, fresh onions and side dish of fries.Baba ganoush appetizerAvgolemono soup - Chicken, lemon and rice"Fat Greek Salad" - fresh lettuce, tomatoes, onions and the best feta cheese.Cons: There is only one waiter and it can seem like he's ignoring you. He's just busy doing everything.
4	I would really rate this place a 4 1/2, but you have to choose and it's hot and sweaty today, so I'm going with the cranky option. Speaking of cranky, one of my quarrels is that you never know what kind of mood the waiter will be in. Never actually rude, but sometimes pleasant and sometimes looking like he was wishin' he was someplace else. We all feel that way, buddy, but you are working for tips and you need to be kissin  butt the like the girls do. Having said that, I have mostly praise for the food. They have, hands down, the best tzaziki dip I've ever had. It's creamy, tangy, and enhanced with just a little kick of ouzo. Mmmm! (Maybe the fact that they were out today is what's pushing my cranky button. That and the fact that they could break loose with a little more pita to accompany it. Don't be cheap, especially with bread)! They also have actual Greek salad; by that I mean NO LETTUCE! Yes! They also have the option with lettuce, if you don't know any better, but today they served it without  the dressing. Not docking them because it wouldn't have hurt the wounded parties to just ask for some, but still! Gyros are tasty and filling, the chicken and rice is enough for two meals, and the fries, both regular and Athenian, are always hot, fresh and crispy. (As in burn your tongue). Baklava is stuffed with nuts and plenty to share, but don't try to get any of mine! My only real quarrel is the saganaki. This classic dish of flaming cheese needs to be flaming. What a disappointment to get a slab of it just breaded and fried. (OK, I know that sounds good, too, but you'll have to trust me on this.) Still, I highly recommend this place. Just put a torch to that cheese and I'll give you that other star.
5	Excellent greek food for a fair price....I order the pork chop, which is very fresh and tasty....it cost 14.99 plus tax...very cheap for grill pork chops. It was a thick cut. They are generous with there amount of food.My friend order the falafal with gyros....the gyros was excellent. I don't recommend this dish because falafal is made out of bread...other than that, if you love falafal go for it.Pros: they give you alot of food, very fresh and clean, service is excellent, staff is friendly and attentitveCon: its in a shitty strip mallAlso they have excellent fresh desert...which i did not tryP.s. Im looking to go back and try the lamb shank
5	Great fresh bread (get the hummus), amazing prices, solid fresh food.
4	I will come here again. Great food, and good prices. Service was great.
5	Great food and service!! Radoslav was our server and was considerate, giving us plenty of time, without feeling rushed, to look over the menu. Once he took our order, it came out very quickly. We had the hummus and the fat gyro. Very tasty!!Definitely recommend trying this place when you have a gyro craving!
5	Best Greek food in Vegas. My favorite dish is the kafta and lemon sup#
1	I want to start off by saying the baklava is the best I've ever had, hands down; however, that's the only silver lining. The food is mediocre and over priced and they do charge extra for every side condiment. The reason for this review is why I will never come back. The restaurant had just closed maybe 4 minutes ago and we tried to get a last minute baklava since it is already made so all they have to do is ring it up. We came another time before about five minutes late again and the male sever gave it to us no problem. This time there was a female server and she adamantly told us no. She was very rude for selling a simple item. I understand they had just closed, but really took no effort on her part. Needless to say, that server is not too customer friendly for a town based on hospitality. Too many other restaurants that try harder to cater to customers for me to waste my money there, no matter how good the baklava is.
2	I have had dinner here a handful of times and the food is been very good. Service from the same waitress/hostess (She does both) has been good, but not today. As my brother was ordering food, I could see that the waitress was getting agitated by my brother's questions. Once he was done ordering, my wife and I ordered a Greek salad and a Gyro.When the order came out, the Greek salad came out as the fat Greek salad, not the village Greek salad.When I waived the waitress over, she Was agitated that a mistake it been made. She said I ordered a Greek salad, but there are two Greek salads, a fat Greek salad and a village Greek salad. While she'd knowledged that was true, she nastily said I should have specified. That's true, I guess I should've specified, but shouldn't she have also clarified, she is the waitress with more knowledge about the menu than I.I guess she was just having a bad day.This place usually deserves four stars, but not today.I'll check it out again in a month and see how it goes.
5	Its amazing!! The prices are good for all the food you get. Dolmades were really good just like this little place we would go to called grandma Irenes in Chania Crete.  Fat Greek salad, gyro plate, and Moussaka was Perfect although I could really taste the cinnamon in the mossaka it was still good.  Service was great!
5	We were looking for a mid afternoon "late lunch" we could pickup and bring home to eat with our own wine, and we struck gold with the Fat Greek. I had a rare and sudden craving for Greek food and but have no experience with nearby Greek restaurants.  Found them on yelp, looked at the solid 4 star rating and ordered by phone from their online menu without ever reading a review. I picked it up 15 minutes later.  I barely had to wait at all as the order was just being packed up as I arrived.We got the small Fat Greek Salad.. (not small and very good) a order of Tabouli that was delicious, and split a skewer each of marinated chicken/beef Souvlaki, that was very tasty.  I order a Pita and Hummus side and then when picking the order up added in a Tiramisu desert.  The Tiramisu was a nice surprise! My wife who is European thought it was a bit too sweet, but I, being very American, thought it was perfect! :-)We will definitely eat there in the future.  The restaurant itself, being mid-afternoon had nice window lighting and was bright and cheery in blues and whites and looked spotless.  They have an outside patio and are in the corner of the center, easy parking. The dessert selection (a weakness I admit) looked great, and we really enjoyed our afternoon meal at home with some great Greek food
5	I've been coming here since 2009. Nothing can beat this Greek food in town. This coming from a person who has been to Greece and who has many (married into) Greek relatives. My favorite is the Avgolemono soup, tiropita, and pasticcio. Their rice is excellent and the chicken pitas are great too! I haven't eaten anything I don't like here. Thumbs up!
5	Very good place. Had a quick lunch. Easy to get to. Staff was friendly. Good was fresh hot and delicious. Affordable price. Can eat quick but not feel like fast food. Quality of food is great. Comes out fast but doesn't feel rushed.
5	Love this place! Great delicious authentic Greek food with great low prices & great service. They have the BEST Greek salad ever, I add mine with chicken breast, which is super juicy & delish. I bring everyone here.
3	We went for dinner and found the food to be good.  The saganaki was a bit strange - it was dry and breaded.  Aside from the saganaki everything was very good.  The salad was fresh and not over done in feta.  The chicken and veggies were very flavourful and fresh.  The baklava looked great but we were full.  We found the prices and service great.
4	I got the fat greek gyro. It was pretty good. The flavor of the meat was excellent and was cooked very well.
1	Wow.  Came in the restaurant at 8:45 pm on a Saturday night to be told we would not be served because they close at 9 pm.  I'm never coming back!
5	I was on Vacation in Las Vegas , when i found The Fat Greek.It is a small restaurant close  the streep. Very good food and very nice waiters. Large portions for reasonable prices.the deserts are delirious  also. I will back in January.
5	I was craving Greek food and stumbled upon this gem! The food was amazing, the portion sizes were generous and more than enough. The service was great, prompt and friendly. We never had to ask for more pita or for our drinks to be refilled. Very clean establishment. I will definitely be returning here!
3	I was in the mood for a salad and looking at their menu I decided to go here. Nice place inside, very clean and decorated in blue and white. I ordered the Greek Salad with Gyro meat and no onions. I didn't get any of the olives either, bummer. My wife ordered a Pita with no onions and as she took a bite noticed onions. The service was decent, your average wait staff, pretty friendly
3	This place wasn't bad. My biggest complaint is the lack of a single greek person working there which leads me to believe it's fake. Food was decent, waitress one was ok other not ok.
5	Excellent food, an excellent service... This place is very nice and clean, food is so fresh and tasty...highly recommend place ... :)
5	I LOVE this place!!! Yummy !! I love the chicken Greek salad it's the best salad ever!!! Every time is like the first time this place is truly the best a must try everything is delicious . The owner is always friendly with a smile on her face. Every time I come she is here taking care of things . Plus their bathroom is super cute and clean.
4	I may not be Greek, but I have to say, this food seems pretty close to the real thing! The hummus was creamy and not overpowered by spices, you could really taste the olive oil. I don't even eat calamary, but my husband ordered it for appetizer so I tried it, wow it was crispy and tasty,  not chewy at all......I guess its true, depends how and who cooks it. The salad could have used more olives, but that's just me, the feta cheese in no way shape or form tasted like what you get at the store. We both had the gyro plate, wish I had known they offer big portions,  we could not finish it! The meat was very tender and flavorful. I can not comment on the baklava because we have not made it home yet so have not been able to take a bite. Cant wait! Definately will come back and try other dishes. The service, meh! Could have been better,  was never offered a refill on my drink, but considering they had two big families and the quality of the food we can't complaint
5	My new favorite spot... been looking for a while... and will definitely be a regular here.... service a little off but food totally makes up for it...
3	With a name like this, it took a while for me to get up the nerve to go: I'm not sure it's good marketing, but at least it indicates that the food is probably good. After visiting, I can confirm, it is the kind of food you can get fat on.Location is easy to miss if you aren't familiar with the plaza- I've driven past the intersection countless times but didn't know it was here. Parking can be difficult to find due to other busy businesses nearby. This place rocks a giant but empty patio which would probably be better utilized as additional parking spaces.Ordered a fat gyro and athens fries. The fat gyro is no joke, the name of this sandwich is as honest as the name of the restaurant: it's enormous and was two solid meals for me. The chewy, soft pita pilllowed a plentiful portion of moist and flavorful gyro meat, topped with tzatziki sauce and feta, and supplemented with lettuce and tomato. From the first bite to about the middle of the 'ro, it is amazing: flavors complement one another in a classic way that is key to a good gyro. Then you realize how full you are and the debate between having fries and saving the other half, or forcing yourself to finish, kicks in.I opted to resis the urge, but was underwhelmed by the fries: I went at an odd time between lunch and dinner and expected the fries to be made fresh but they tasted like they'd been sitting out a while and were a bizarre combination of dry and flavorless. That being said, the cheese atop them was a generous amount, and the portion was a good value for the $3 price tag. However, I'm just not cool with the idea that I need to add several shakes of salt to a heap of cheese and fries to make them palatable. If you choose to stuff yourself with gyro instead of opting for a side, I won't judge you. But I will judge you if you follow that up with another meal later in the day because, Lord, that's a lot of food! If you opt to save it for later, as I did, consider taking the lettuce and tomato out so that you can heat it up without getting nasty warm produce when you reheat in your morning daze. Also consider removing the layer of foil beneath your leftover fries so as not to reenact the microwave-fire scene from American Hustle. Your intact kitchen and taste buds will thank you.
5	My first time here and I will be back! I was craving mad Greek gyros but this was the closest gyro location with the best reviews. Far better than the mad Greek! It tastes so fresh and if you're like me and enjoy REAL food you'll love this place. Just look at the picture
3	The food here= AMAZING! So good!! I went during lunch time. It wasn't too busy but it took forever for us to get our food. I ordered the fat Greek salad with chicken and my friend ordered the fat gyro. I wouldn't think it takes that long to make. We didn't get refills on our water either. 3 stars goes to the delicious food!
4	This is my favorite spot to eat. Been coming here for months now. Food still GREAT! But service now is very slow & poor. Takes along time to order a drink & get a menu. They hired new help because I'm sure the owner realized they got busy but the new help is very slow.
5	Great hidden gem in a strip mall tucked into a corner.  From the outside it looked a little random...but the lunch and dinner menu are full of great Greek favorites.  We ordered from the lunch menu for dinner and upgraded to a combo.  I got the salad he got the rice.  We both enjoyed the souvlaki and the shwarma.The family platter looked and smelled amazing.  Next time we are in town, we are coming back hungry!
1	I have been craving Greek food for about a week now. Living in the sw, there aren't very many options. Finally I decided to make the drive to this location. It was hidden away in a strip mall, so you know the food had to be delicious. unfortunately I did not have the opportunity to try it. Walking into the brightly lit diner, there were 6 tables that were eating their food and a customer at the cash register. After a few minutes the man working asked if we were placing an order to go. When we told him we were dining in, he said we could sit anywhere. And sit we did. For about 20 minutes. He appeared to be the only employee working so we cut him some slack. He was running food and finally gave the woman in line her order. Once he was done he disappeared. He walked by our table about 10 times and we never received a menu, so unfortunately I'll never know what goodness I missed. If this place is too busy to pay attention to customers, I can go elsewhere.
3	There is not a whole lot of Vegetarian/Vegan restaurants that I know of that isn't too far from the strip but thanks to Yelp I was able to enjoy dinner with some buddies.I had their Baba Ganoush and Falafel plater. I thought the food were remarkable. I wish the salad came in a little bigger portion, and besides the chick server and the boss in the back kitchen I find it hard to believe that this is 100% authentic..Good service, good food, and reasonably priced nonetheless.
5	Amazing food! My only go to for Greek food ! It's vegetarian friendly too! How could it get any better than that!!! Oh and the bottomless pita and white loaf of bread comes out warm!Great food! One of my favorite restaurants here in Vegas
3	Disappointed with everything I got, very average Greek salad, very average gyros, and the spinach pie wasn't very good.  I'm hoping it was bad because it was on Easter and maybe it was old or something.  The guy was kinda pissy at the counter too.  There is a place on Maryland across from the university that is way better.
4	Nice welcoming place.   Somewhat limited menu and offering outdoor seating.The mousaka was pretty good though not excellent since it seemed  over spiced but the portion was huge..  My friend had the chicken shishkabob and I tried it and was very tasty.Also tried the saganaki (flaming cheese though they wont light it up) which was tasty but a bit too dry.  Overall, a good place for greek food.  Service was attentive and pleasant.
5	So we've tried several greek spots here in Las Vegas in search of our "go to" Greek food spot. We decided to give this place a try after seeing awesome pics on Yelp! Everything looked yummy, so we were really crossing our fingers that it wasn't too good to be true.  We absolutely LOVED everything! The place was clean and decorated in white and blue which reminded us of Greece. Cute little spot in a strip mall. Our server was nice and brought our food in it's respective time. There's nothing I dislike the most than bad timing. We ordered hummus; something I always look for: warm pita bread! They had it!! We had the time to enjoy it before getting our gyros as the main entree. Presentation was beautiful, clean and absolutely delicious. We are definitely going back since we now found our GO TO Greek spot!
5	This is our only go to for Greek, have it one or twice a month.  Gyro's are top notch (Fav. is the Fat Greek) price is dead on and serving size is huge.  Meat is not greasy, but very tasty.. Nothing more to say, can't recommend it enough!
4	I've been to The Fat Greek a few times and I am a fan. It's a great place for lunch.  The foods delicious and reasonably priced. Gyros and sandwiches during lunch went for about $8. And their usually accommodating for groups.I've had the beef shawerma, the chicken shawerma, and some of the gyros. Everything I've had so far has been really good, seemed fresh and taste delicious. Nothing seemed greasy or over/lacked seasoning, well I'd probably throw hot sauce on it but I love hot sauce. Someone on the table had ordered these fries, I don't know what they were called but it wasn't your usually fries it looked so good, the entire plate was wiped out before I even could try them. I will need to find out what they were and have them next time.I remember once it was so busy that they gave us a complementary pieces of baklava. Yum that baklava was so good. Layers of flakey yet moist goodness with nuts and honey. If you have a sweet tooth make a stop here just for the baklava.The interior is kind of mom and pops like or old however you want to call it but there are a lot of seats available, except when it's very busy and there a wait. There's a larger TV hanging on the wall.It's located in between an Indian/Pakistani restaurant and a Food4Less on Decatur and Flamingo, cause of it's location I sometimes forget it's even there.
5	This is one of our go-to restaurants in the area, the food is always good and fresh, the gyros are amazing but my new usual is the souvlaki, the chicken is moist and flavorful. I get it with the Greek rice which complements it really well. We come here at least once a week, the staff is nice and friendly. Love this place!
5	We've been eating here weekly for over year and love it every time. HIGHLY recommended... I've tried many things on the menu and all of them were excellent.
5	Every yelp review about this place is spot on. The food is fantastic. The service is just as good. So nice to find a place like this.
5	I really love the food here. I tried the beef/lamb gyro with the Athenian fries for lunch. Soo good! For dinner I tried the gryo plate (huge portions in my opinion) , the hummus (super silky smooth, best I've ever had), and grilled octopus. The atmosphere is very clean and friendly. Next thing going to try is some dessert!
5	Very excellent food . Great place to come down and enjoy a great lunch better than you're traditional burger, or half ass slapped on subway . Best gyros I've tasted in a while , top quality of chicken used in they're chicken salads as to many other dishes . Pastas are to die for . Over all great food, good service, clean place.
5	Came here while on vacation and sat outside on the patio.  Didn't know what to expect but was pleasantly surprised by the amazing taste of our food!  I got the gyro and fries and it was huge.  Loved the feta on the gyro!  Everything tasted fresh and the price was decent too.  Would definitely come again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	The kabobs, gyro, and pork chops are all recommended, but I yet to have the lamb.
5	Great lunch specials, fresh food, and awesome staff! Nice artwork and a couple tv's with different sports on, but not loud. I've tried a few items, but I always go back to the chicken gyro. Creature of habit ha! Get there! You won't be disappointed!
5	If you are tired of overpriced food on the strip, this is definitely the restaurant to come to.  It's a 5 minute taxi ride from the strip.  And you can stop by Food 4 Less next door and stock up on snacks and drinks.  The restaurant itself is very clean and has a nice ambiance.  The food is excellent and very reasonably priced. I've been there twice.  The first time I had the greek salad with grilled chicken and the second time I had the gyro plate, which is a ton of food.  All of it great.  Definitely recommend this restaurant for a chance of pace from Strip food.
4	Mmmmm.....I have been wanting a gyro so bad and I am so glad I came here!! I absolutely loved it!! We ordered hummus, beef shish kabob plate and a gyro plate. They bring you out bread and the bread was so soft and fresh and was awesome with the hummus. Oh and cheap too! The plates came with a salad and rice or fries. I bad the rice and the Greek salad. And I lived the taste and of the salad. Everything was super fresh. The lamb and beef were both juicy and so good. The pilaf (rice) had an amazing flavor to it too! Our tab was only 35 dollars, which was awesome for the amount of food. Service was great and fast. Definitely had a wide selection of options but I would definitely say to try the gyro plate!   Highly recommend it if your in the mood for Mediterranean food!
4	I was referred to this place by a friend and I must say that I enjoyed my whole meal. I had the gyro with a side salad. The atmosphere at the time I went (4:00pm) was quiet and service was very attentive. I had ice tea and although it was made with tap water, it was still good. So there you have it, I would recommend this place and I look forward to returning to try it again.
5	My favorite Greek restaurant in Vegas!  This is a locally owned business with extremely friendly staff and delicious food.  My favorite things to get are the lamb kabobs or the gyro place.  The lamb kabobs come with a delicious lemon sauce, veggies and rice.  Amazing!  Those two dishes also come with a side Greek salad.  A lot of food for a really good price.  Must try.  This place is located in an older strip mall, so dont let the location fool you.
5	I love this local Greek restaurant! It's so hard to find good local places in Las Vegas that when you do you really have to support the ones you love. They make a great gyro plate here, and although it's a little more pricey they offer generous portions. The desserts are delicious as well, and they have great service. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to try something new!
5	When our food was served, I caught myself getting excited and exclaiming, "WOW!"I was off on a weekday, recovering from a turnaround trip to the East Coast. I wanted to a) not cook and b) still eat clean. Whenever this happens, my husband and I usually veer toward Mediterranean/Greek. Wanting to try new places, we headed toward The Fat Greek. It's located in a large plaza - Sammy's LA Pastrami and Ricardo's can be spotted along the perimeter. You have to drive in toward the Food 4 Less. Parking's a breeze since the lot is quite large. The interior is bright and clean. The lunch crowd was quite lively - busy enough for me to get excited about all the food gawking but open enough for us to be able to easily find a table. I ordered the full lunch Greek Salad with chicken; dressing on the side. Now, I realize that salad isn't the ideal thing to order since not much cooking is involved. However, salads and club sandwiches are foods that, when tired or lazy, I'm more than happy to pay to save my the trouble. My husband got the kefta kabob plate. That, with the salad, caught us both off guard. The food looked so so good. We were instantly impressed. Our excitement grew when we both tried the kabob and were hit with so much flavor. My husband considers it one of his top kefta kabobs. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlA&select=lBzw7Sn3DvWQ64nN_FYRkQAnyway, I've had many a salad and any a Greek salad, but this was just so pretty and so right. The chicken was perfectly cooked and flavorful and everything about it screamed freshness. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlA&select=2JEsQPLNZ7McIwMYl_LIgQCurious, my husband ordered a side of gyro. He expected a piece of two, but was amazed to find this much served for $3. And it was good. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlA&select=TLNZyVbHehXFEPACADwGhgSatisfied by our clean meal, we decided to indulge with Athenian fries. For $3 you get this pile of cheesy goodness piled high and fresh out of the oven. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlA&select=Bp6bAPdDZTaWNIN5vlg6Mwhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlA&select=HSstgqNFolScwsT7SlkIIQThey're basically Greek fries with the extra step of adding toasty melty goodness with extra cheese and stint under the broiler. Which begs the question: what would Spartan fries look like?I digress...You'll find the restaurant isn't fancy, but it's obvious the ownership cares. The interior is clean. The food is done right - simply, well portioned, and presented cleanly. We spent around $30 with tax and tip and I had leftover chicken to take home. Without my husband's soda, the fries, and the gyro, it's a very reasonably priced healthy lunch that brought us back in the next day for dinner... more on that to come!
5	I have to give this place a 5. I've eaten at tons of Greek places and this is my favorite by far. Hubby and I each ordered the Traditional Gyro and also got 3 kabobs, 1 chicken, 1 beef and 1 lamb, with a side of hummus and pita. The beef and lamb kabobs had such an amazing, strong flavor. They were the best I've ever had. They weren't dry either. Our gyros were good too and they don't skimp on the hummus when you order it! Definitely my new go to spot for Greek food in Vegas! Can't wait to go back and try the lemon soup and dolmas!
5	Excellent food and great quality ingredients!! Prices are affordable and it wasn't salty like a lot of places. We wanted to keep it healthy so we got the fat Greek salad plus gyro meat. So good!! We'd come here many times if we lived here. Check it out and leave a review! You won't be disappointed
5	I like to have a variety of different places to go to when it comes to a type of food. This is one of the three Greek places I like to get take-out from. I call in and normally, by the time I drive there I only have to wait ten minuets. Which isn't that long since we call in a bunch of food. Their food is fresh and has a delightful smell the whole way home. They have a different take on a dish that I like and it's great. The restaurant isn't in the best of areas but is in an ideal location.  Outside, where the city wreaks havoc, it isn't very clean and you can smell the stench of bums, but when you go inside its a different story. The restaurant is clean and shows the traditional colors you see in Greek atmosphere, blue and white. As you walk in the direction of the cash register you will notice a long mirror extending the whole left wall and tv's showing the news or a game. The place seemed like a very relaxing place and if I didn't work out late then I would enjoy sitting down and eating. Normally when I come there is a lady there who is really nice and treats us well. All in all it's a good place to eat and the way they conduct business with their customers is excellent. I'll enjoy meandering over here for years to come :) Keep up the good work you guys
3	FIrst things first....I loved the blue and white decor--very Greek! And the service was excellent. I ordered the Spanakopita(and learned how to pronounce it!), a flaky pastry filled with spinach and feta cheese, and the Tiropita, a flaky pastry filled with creamy cheese. I can say only that they were good, but not great. (Having just experienced the Las Vegas Greek Food Festival, I couldn't help comparing and I liked the Spanakopita and Tiropita I had there better). I also ordered the Babaganoush. It, also, was good, but not great. There was that slightly bitter aftertaste that I often detect in Babaganoush. So, while I would give this restaurant 5 stars for it's charming decor and attentive servers, the food earns only 3 stars from me. However, the decor may lure me back to try their Pasticcio(Greek lasagna). And THAT will either make it or break it!
5	The food is very good and so is the service. Another great family owned find in a city full of mega-trendy restaurants and blah chain restaurants. My favorites, though everything I have seen looks great, especially the lamb rack:Chicken kebobSteak kabobVillage Greek The desserts are phenomenal, do not pass them up!
5	I just love this place. Food is amazing. Chicken souvlaki, kefte, salads, even plain old butter lemon rice is AMAZING. Probably The Best chicken souvlaki I've had in Vegas -- and I'm born and raised in southeastern Europe, I'm very picky about my Balkan foods. So good. Check it out. Their Major downfall -- terribly slow service. Plan on waiting for like 20-30 min on your one dish to come out. Worth it though.
4	New in town. Tried on a whim. $10 for gyros and a Greek salad (and a drink) Very tasty. Cute little place in a strip mall. All blue and white. I will be back.
4	This place is really good the food is amazing and the staff for the most part is very nice but I will say there is one female cashier that's a royal bitch she has so much attitude.  I would love to give this place five stars but until they find some competent nice help it's going to happen.
5	Looks like you are in a Greek palace from the inside and out. Food is top notch. I come here often for the gyros, but they have a wide selection of meals and desserts. Highly recommend!
3	Amazing food. Really bad location. Save up some money and get a better location. I don't wana feel like I might get shot or stabbed after this meal
5	An excellent family run restaurant tucked away in a somewhat forlorn shopping center. The employees are always very attentive and food is outstanding. The avgolemono and Fat Greek Gyro are very good. The Tzatziki is perfect, the vegetables are always fresh, and the meat very flavorful. I definitely look forward to exploring the menu more.
5	You have to try the athenia fries!! So good! The service was very friendly and nice - I had a gyro and husband had beef swarma- both were juicy meats and fresh sauce. Clean restaurant and nice servers. Would recommend to anyone who likes Greek food. Will defiantly be back- thanks for a great lunch!
4	It's a good try at greek with some Mediterranean favorites sprinkled in too. Saganaki is some of the best I've had. Hummus and melitzanosalata were above average. Worth a stop to check out
4	This place was pretty great. It's a small joint with uncomfortable fluorescent lighting with cafeteria style seating but the staff are kind and urgent. The food is out of this world! I was afraid I might get some tiny Greek imposter plate but I was impressed and will be returning.
5	This place is grest. Found it by accident.   Tucked away between an Indian restaurant and a supermarket.  Bright and clean.   The food was great starting with fresh baked bread.  The house dressing on the salad was perfect, light and simple with a wonderful flavor.  We ordered an appetizer of ba aganooush.(sp?) I'm used it it being a little more chunky, but the taste was right on.  We also split a gyro dinner.  Glad we did the split because it was Lumber Jack sized. The meat was moist with lots of toasty  burnt edges.  This place will be on our regular stops every time we come to town.
5	I've tried a few greek places in town but nothing ever bowled me over. It was always "good" but nothing I bit into and just couldn't stop! Today I forgot my lunch at work and ran out to find something. On a whim I saw a sign that said Greek Food and a Gyro sounded good. After a minute or so looking through the strip mall, I found The Fat Greek and walked inside. It's what you can expect from a Mom and Pop place, clean but very minimal and a little kitch. I grabbed a menu when a very friendly woman with what I'm guessing is a Greek accent asked me if I wanted to eat there or togo. I ordered the Beef/Lamb Fat Greek Gyro togo with fries. This was a slight upgrade from the regular Gyro as it had Feta and a few other things.The food came out super fast and hot. I hopped back in my car and headed back to the office. When I picked up the gyro I noticed it was HUGE and the fries were delicious. One bite of that big wrap and I couldn't stop. If someone had walked by they would have thought I hadn't eaten for weeks. The meat was juicy and flavorful. The sauce was to die for and the pita was soft and warm.I may have only had the Gyro and Fries but I'm definitely going to be a repeat customer and will be trying out their hummus and other selections.
5	The owner and waiter were soooo nice! Food was amazing and delicious. Definitely coming back!
4	Good food at a reasonable price. A golden rule of a sustainable business.The Fat Greek is a great Greek restaurant in my neighborhood.- Gyro plate- Lamb shish kebobThe lamb was tender and juicy, and the grilled vegetables came with aroma of charcoal.Order comes with soup or salad, plus bread and butter in addition to pita. It's actually a lot of food at this point.Also, they have the patio seating which is nice to chill out in the cool evening.
5	Googled, 'Best Gyro In Town.' The Fat Greek popped up in Yelp. Google, you have done me well. I applaud you sir, as well as Yelp and this Mediterranean heaven of a kitchen. 5/5 stars, although they need to add Hummmus Schwarma to their menu! Their hummus to my knowledge wasn't home-made or anything special, which was disappointing and didn't match the great quality of my gyro. But because the gyro was so good, I'd definitely return here. A+
4	I went in this afternoon for lunch with my boyfriend and was really impressed with the food! He ordered the Fat Greek Gyro and I had the avgolemono soup. Both dishes were large helpings for how cheaply priced they were. The bowl of soup was huge and came with warm pita bread on the side. Both dishes were flavorful and refreshing! We will be back!
