2	You can buy all the rest of the stuff you forgot to bring on vacation here, but you cannot buy alcohol. Boo.
2	This is the only disappointing target store I've been too. They are always under construction and its hard to get in & out of the parking lot and nothing interesting or good to eat in the shopping center. But target is still the same-good helpful and friendly service and quality stuff at a low price 100X better then Wal Mart
3	I'll have to second the other items that were already mentioned - the store is definitely under construction, and it's good for buying stuff that you need while on vacation (we picked up headphones and replacement shoes).  that construction was a killer, though.Both the parking lot and the store itself were an absolute mess.  The only good news was that the store itself wasn't too far from our hotel, which made the cab ride a nice, short (cheap) trip for us, so we didn't have to pay some insane amount at a strip boutique.
4	You can't go wrong with Target wherever you're at.  We were headed back to the strip but noticed a Target and stopped in to pick up some things for our trip and our room.  This Target is about a mile away from the strip and perfect for those items you might have forgotten while on vacation or if you need something.It's a large, clean, well organized store and open late for that Vegas crowd.  Unfortunately, it attracts a lot of people and there were several lines but only 3 registers open.
4	This use to be the Target store locals would steer clear of and tourists went because it said "Target" and they just didnt know any better. Finally they came up with the times, got rid of the nasty old shelves and signs, and upgraded with a remodel to the new "Target red" added a Starbucks, adjusted the lanes, expanded the sales floor over where the old Garden Center use to be, and wal-ah! You have a brand new Target again! Close to The Strip if you are a visitor, just a short drive down Flamingo, and great for UNLV students, as it borders the campus. Store includes a Target Pharmacy, Pizza Hut Express in Target Cafe, and Starbucks Coffee.
5	What isn't there to love about Target? Oh I guess the booze-hound who reviewed it before me isn't pleased. There's an Albertson's across the street to deal with your frat antics, go there. Anyways, this location is literally right around the corner from my apartment and I never have had any issues, even on this particularly busy Saturday morning. Went in to find a cast-iron skillet, a very specific spatula, and a cake pan for some delicious cheesecake bars that are now cooling off in my freezer. I have to say that the cookware section especially is a bit of a time drainer since I can't seem to get out of it without looking at the many colorful and cute gadgets (they have a french fry cutter I *almost* purchased!) and this can go for the entire store. I implore you to go into a Target and only come out with what you originally intended to buy. Amazingly I did it this time, but that's because the day before I went here too and blew my savings on stuff I *kind of* needed. Even though this location was ridiculously busy this morning, I still checked out in less than 10 minutes, and Target preemptively opened more registers while I was checking out to help with demand. This store is always clean, well organized, and there are helpful employees scattered around to help me to find things when I need it. Also their clearances are AMAZING. I got three cookie jars for 75% off, ended up being only $2.48 each. Can't get much better. This store is inexpensive but saves you the guilt that comes with buying from other big blue chains that don't give back the community. This particular location even has a grocery section now that they did not have prior to their expansion, and now it is a veritable one-stop shop for almost anything I need.
5	Interesting mix here- one stop shopping. Since I come here for my prescription, I often browse:  the groceries (sale prices are good- don't forget the end caps with additional markdowns), essentials (paper products and womens stuff included), cosmetics (natural included), impressive travel size section on the wall near the pharmacy (for tourists or when you are heading out of town yourself),  and electronics (sometimes the blu rays are on sale). The furniture has evolved into a psuedo-Pier 1 Imports/Cost Plus vibe. There's a nice toy section for the little ones, exercise section for the active people, and other houswares section. Almost forgot to mention the clothing section, accessories, and jewelry departments- the prices have gotten higher since introducing newer brands, so I skip these sections. I guess it's worth scanning the clearance racks.In the front, is a snack bar and ever-popular Starbucks. Closeby are the customer service desk with the registering stations and bathrooms.A huge mix of people shopping here are students, tourists, locals, and career types. Proof that this store appeals to all walks of life. Nice that there are purell wipes for the germiphobe (like me) who can wipe down the shopping cart.
5	This is one kick-ass Target!It is GIGANTIC.  They carry the standard Target fare as well as groceries, which means you can get pretty much everything you need here all in one stop.It is clean and well-maintained, with lots of staff available to answer any questions you might have!  When I checked out, there were virtually no lines.There is also a Starbucks up front to help get you through your shopping experience.  :)
4	This is less a review of Target and more of the service. This location has all the bells & whistles of every other remodeled store - i.e. fresh foods, freezers, modern design. But what the others don't have (ok, some probably do) is an old black woman who rules her lane with an iron fist. This woman was telling customers what to do as she worked diligently to maintain her lane's beauty. The octogenarian in front of us was perplexed when the cashier took her items off the belt, but she told her it was to clean it off. We then stood by while this woman instructed everyone to keep items off the belt while she ran a moist towel over it again and again and again. Then, once she was done, the elderly woman in front of us reached for some gum while the belt was still moving. The cashier thought she was reaching for a plastic bumper to place on the belt so it would stop moving. She quickly snapped, "Don't put that down there, ma'am. Just stop." The old woman looked perplexed. "Am I doing something wrong?", she sheepishly inquired. The cashier said nothing. After I was allowed to place my things on the belt, she instructed the woman behind me to do put her things down as well. She then collected all our purchases into small piles near her register, leaving the belt empty. The guy two people behind me started to unload. "Sir, stop. Put it on the belt." He looked confused; everything WAS going on the belt. He started removing things when the woman tersely shot back with "the basket, sir. Yes, just put the basket down on the belt and leave it alone." His face reverted back 15 years, and he looked like a parent had just scolded him. I grabbed my things and fled. As I hit the exit, I could still hear her barking orders. I'll bet she comes in every day and uses the same register, so she feels like she owns it. Her attitude made me feel like I was shopping in her home. A bit Hitler-esque? Yes, but since I wasn't in her crosshairs it made for some amusing viewing.
1	WENT to the Target the 1st yes the 1st person we asked for help DID NOT SPEAK ENGLISH....After that I just left. THIS IA AMERICA THE USA, THE US...
3	Target is target, there is nothing different about this place compared to another target. You can get just about anything here at a very decent price. Not sure how to rate this place though as it seems like there is at least 2-3 different Targets in every town.
3	As far as Targets go this one is okay. Sometimes I walk in here and it's a mess, other times everything is perfect and in place. The flip of the coin is what stops me from giving it anything other than an "okay". The one thing I like about this Target is that it does have Starbucks inside it. It's nice to go for a Target shopping trip and be able to get a nice beverage on the way out. I don't know if this happens to anyone else, but it seems to always happen to me and it ticks me off all the time. I'll be standing in a checkout line and a Target employee will tell me to go to the customer service counter to check out. As I'm walking over there someone zips in from the front door and has a lengthy exchange process to be taken care of and  I have to huff and puff myself back to the regular checkout aisles pissed off. Let's leave the normal customers in the checkout lines okay Target?
4	I love Target. I could spend so much money in Target if I was rich. Yes, I would shop at Target if I was rich. :) I like this Target because it is close to me and their food prices are pretty good for me. College students have a limited budget, so as a student I like to get some snacks for those late nights when I can't leave to go anywhere because then my work will never get done and procrastination will set in. So, when I take my, maybe once a month unless items are needed, trip I can get a good amount of stuff, including toiletries, etc, for a good price. I also just got the 5% Target Debit Card which I love. The one funny thing I always notice when I go, is that the security guards I see, are always checking out some blonde walking in or out. These two guys, they do it all the time and they do not ever hide it. Anyone could tell where their attention is located. Silly boys.
4	I think Target is doing a great job at being um, Target. I love going for the store brand items. I always come here for quality kitchenware, vitamins, medicines and oral hygiene products. I was excited that they actually stock J.A. Henckels knives ($25-40). Forget Williams Sonoma for now. Their pills are one of the best values too. Can't beat scoring an Up&Up bottle of 500 pills (tylenol) for $6. The other Up&Up products are about 25-50% cheaper than the famous brands which is pretty awesome. Unlike at walmart where the difference is 20-50 cents as far as I've seen. I rarely see any employees on the floor. But when I do, I notice they are the people wearing faded red-pink polos. Even though the store can get pretty busy, I never had trouble with other customers in shopper-traffic so that's always nice. Checkout was quick too. Sometimes I wish their food and snacks weren't so deep in the store..It's funny how we are closing in on Halloween and their candies are still all the way at the back. I actually didn't know they sold any food until one day when I thought "hmm, what if I walked over THERE???"  Gasp.:) I'll be back very soon for more Up&Up products. I'm almost out of mouthwash.
4	It's a decent Target. The people were friendly and the layout was commonsensical. No wine for sale in Nevada though, really? Ugh. I miss California.
4	Target Is definitely smaller and pricier than Walmart but the stores are much cleaner and the products such as clothes, shoes, and electronics do seem to be of a better quality, they also have a DOLLAR section and a Starbucks!!! This location is a little over 2 miles down the street from the main strip making it closer than Walmart.
5	This was a nice Target off the strip. We needed some water and essentials. Went here and the trip was successful
4	What can I say? It's a Target. It is waaay cleaner and easier to deal with than Walmart. It's a stones throw away from both UNLV and the Strip so there is a wide spectrum of patrons at any given time. The lines can get a little full, but move quickly most of the time. Don't forget to peruse the back of the aisles for great deals!
3	This location definitely isn't one of the cleanest or the safest. The cashiers at check out always look pretty angry and give the look of "I hate my job" The major downside to this Target is that even though they have a frozen food/dairy section, there is no fresh produce! :(Be careful on leaving if you are leaving to go on South Maryland, it is always super busy!!
5	Went on a weekend trip and forgot to pack my swimsuit. Luckily Target had me covered! Last time this happened I just toughed it out with a discreetly matched bra and panty set, but that can get you kicked out of the pool, you know. Grabbed swimsuit, sunscreen, sandals and was poolside in no time. I always feel vaguely guilty for 'convenience shopping' -- just buying stuff I already have at home and was too forgetful to pack, but I wasn't about to let my brain fart ruin an otherwise perfect weekend. Anyway, now I have one more swimsuit (that fits! glory be!). This seemed like a pretty busy Target location, and the swimsuit section was not the tidiest, but I found what I wanted quickly, so I'm not complaining.
4	We needed tons of stuff that we forgot to pack for our trip last weekend. So I swung by Tarjayy right when they opened since I was already awake and on the road with our rental car.I love how clean and organized this Target it. And everything is very easy to find, unlike some of the Targets that I normally shop at here in NorCal.Customer service is great here and the restrooms are pretty clean too.Huge parking lot and it's located super close to The Strip. It's better to grab your necessities here at a place that doesn't overprice their shizz (*ahem Walgreens, ahem CVS!).
2	Not AS nice as Green Valley, but still one of the cleaner Targets I've found in the area.When I first moved here I found it extremely odd that there were so many clean-looking Walmarts, but the Targets left much to be desired. What a switch...Anyway, like the GV location, this place always has lines. Always! There are ALWAYS no more than 2 cashiers working and I've been here at different hours on different days...nothing seems to change. The cashiers are also pretty rude. They don't look up, they don't acknowledge you. I noticed this during a few visits to this store and on my most recent stop here, I tested one with a really enthusiastic Hi! How are you!? and I barely got a response!
3	I've definitely been to this Target more than any other location. It's not because I prefer it; it's because of its proximity to UNLV, where I am usually to be found.There's nothing really wrong with this Target, but it isn't exceptional. It's usually clean, but the bathrooms can be gross at times. It also lacks a produce area like the newer Targets in Henderson and Boca Park. It was renovated a few years ago which made the aisles easier to navigate, which is admittedly nice. I hated the previously narrow aisles that force you to backtrack when you encounter another shopper.The cashiers can be a mixed bag. Some are friendly and competent. Others hassle me for using a single coupon printed out from the official Target website.Overall I appreciate the location and decent prices.
3	Raved and a mess can be a few words to describe this Target. The clearance section looks like it was hit by a tornado and I felt bad for the employee working this section. The layout is similar to other Targets, but the maintenance is lacking. With that being said, it is not the employees fault. They were helpful and quick to jump in when I had a question. It is just nuts having to sort through it all.
4	friendly service. story is always clean and well stocked. employess are happy to always be there.
3	I love the Target dollar section.  I always buy a bunch of useless stuff!  I thought I'd need a cup to use in Vegas, so I bought 2.  They were so cute.  In the end, I never used them!  More clutter for my room...Also, if you use this Target's restroom, they don't have any seat covers in there.  Pretty ghetto if you ask me...
2	This Target is straight up frightening. Not much else to say. Have been coming here for years, and will still continue to go there. When I have to.
4	One of the closest options to the Strip for convenience items.  Good selection, good prices, and definitely better than one of the drug stores or convenience stores along the strip or in the hotels.  Friendly service that quickly opens additional checkout stands.
1	An utter parade of humanity in this store. Also, it's a mess. Still, the staff are great and the parking is ample.
1	Miserable, through no fault of the staff. There was just something about this particular Target - the worst, angriest, weirdest customers in the world just seem to flock here. There were shouting fights in the aisles and the family in front of me in line left an entire grocery cart full of merchandise there without paying and just walked out.Strange, terrible place, this Target.
4	This is a very clean store and a place I can depend on when I need random items.  I've bought everything from yard waste bags, t-shirts to bread at this store.  Some people say this store is in the ghetto, but I don't think most of those people know what a ghetto is...The employees here are nice as well, one day the cashier forgot to give me one of my bags and I didn't realize it until the next day, I went back to customer service and they had the item waiting for me!
5	Thank you very much Justine and Del! Reminds me why am I a red card holder and always will be a target shopper! Customer Service! Customer Service! Customer Service! Customer Service!
1	Go to a ghetto target and you get ghetto service. My fault for thinking it was just like all the other targets. I buy a camera and I get home to open it and there's finger prints all over it. Obviously it's been used but it was put onto the new section. First mistake. So, I call and go through the prompts. No, I don't want electronics, I want returns. Closest option is operator. I hit zero. I didn't even get a 'thanks for calling target, this is _____' like the standard response. No, I barely even get a hello. It was more of a muffled cough. I had to ask 3 times if the lady could hear me and then she puts me on hold. 3 minutes later (which always seems like forever when I only have one question for some reason), she sputters out another halfway 'hello' and 'sorry' then on hold again. I'm sorry. I don't care if it's black Friday and you have seven different lines at one register... If you can't answer the phone correctly, then don't. Simple. NO ONE likes waiting on hold so have a little professionalism. After another long hold, she transfers me to electronics. I guess she figured I hit zero for operator instead of 2 for electronics because I liked to wait on hold??? Anyways, electronics answers and it actually sounded like the same guy that sold the camera. Awkward, just a little. I calmly explain and it's almost like he already knew. Not to mention he tells me I can take it back to a target closer to where I live... Ummm, was that because I was the only white guy in the place? What makes you think I don't live right down the street??? Horrible service. Horrible product. Horrible experience. But, all targets are the same, right???
3	Well, after some more explaining, I was finally granted my exchange. I can't really blame target but this copywriter law must be very hard to control. I just don't get how one company is ultra strict and another almost seems to mock the same rule and then there's those that are in the middle. OK, fine, be strict but when a customer takes the time to explain and has a valid reason... At least hear them out.
4	I love this location as its very close to my house. Never had a problem here. Staff always seem helpful when I had a question. Can almost always find the items I need when I need them. My only complaint here is the bathrooms. 99% of the time, the bathroom smells as though someone pooped all over the floor. Several times I've had to go and all toilets were full and gross. Need to make sure the bathrooms are fully stocked with toilet paper as well.
5	I've been to a few Targets in town and this one is by far my favorite. They have a great selection, nice and helpful employees, and awesome sales. It's not in the best part of town but the inside is clean and organized. I love this Target!
1	I went to Starbucks in target this evening,  I ordered a cheese danish and tall coffee,  I asked the gurl to warm up the cheese danish and she told me that they don't have a microwave!!!! The coffee was even cold and I asked her to make a new one and I stayed waiting for another 10 minutes cause me to arrive late to work!!!
4	I like his Target because it has a Starbucks in it :) dislike it cause it's not in the best part of Las Vegas. So much traffic pulling in and out of the parking lot but I do love all the food please near here.
