1	Went yesterday to buy a cover for an Ipad; I'd seen several on their website that looked good but wanted to see them in person. After wandering around (computer cases are not all in one place) a few minutes, I approached a worker behind the wraparound counter at the front of the store. Despite not appearing busy, the woman denied knowledge of such a product and, instead of helping me search, pointed to the Easy Tech counter and said, "Maybe you can ask them." Well, I could, and in fact had to, since she also seemed uninterested in a warm handoff. So I approached the techs, a middle-aged white guy and a younger black guy. The latter tech was disassembling a computer so I approached the older guy and posed my dilemma. Well, you would've thought I'd asked for a kidney given his distasteful grimace. After a few seconds, he grudgingly came out from behind the counter and pointed me first toward PC cases (not what I'd asked him about, and a computer tech should know the difference) and then toward a small, sparsely-stocked Ipad display that didn't have either type of case that I'd liked online. "That's it," the tech said flatly. The younger tech suggested an alternate place to search, but the older tech shrugged off his help. I followed up by asking very clearly if there were, in fact, any other displays that might contain items like I'd seen online, to which he replied, "Nope" (unpersausively, given his unhelpful, callous attitude). So I walked out, sans $50 case and sans any desire to return to this specific store.I bought a $1,000 desktop PC at this same store a year ago, and had been positively impressed with the several staff members I encountered. Not so anymore. Management has obviously changed, poor hiring decisions have been made, and morale has suffered. Management (at some level, if not store-level) needs to wake up and get these staff (re)trained in basic customer service.
3	Fairly large store... seemed hard to find stuff since it was pretty spread out inside.... Didn't really help that index cards were in five different places.  I could see that getting frustrating if you have a big deadline or are in a rush, but if you like wandering through and looking at office supplies this is the place to go.
2	A good while back, I decided to generally shop at Office Depot, mostly to maximize my "rewards" (such as they are).  So I rarely go to either OfficeMax or Staples.  It also helps that Staples is nowhere near our house.But when a particular item was supposed to be on sale, and even in stock according to their web site, and I showed up right at opening time, and they had none?  Not the greatest selling point.  I get that web inventory is still not quite correct - though I have no idea why it should be off as the store opens.As to the store itself?  It is nice enough, though since I do not shop there, I really cannot figure out where anything is located.  It is a good size, and the appearance is nice, but getting help (as has been mentioned previously) can be difficult, making it even worse.  Really makes me not want to go out of my way again.
3	Don't come here for color copies... they are pretty slow and fairly expensive.  However, if you are just shopping for office supplies, they have a pretty good selection. Beware though, the layout of the store is not very inviting.  Things are pretty spread out and it is not always easy to find what you are looking for.
