3	I understand it's not the flagship store but the selection here was a bit small. They had some shoes from the Tramezza line but aside from that, the store didn't really have anything to write home about.
5	The sales staff is always eager to help at every Ferragamo store, this one more so. As I was browsing the sale rack, a chipper sales girl asked me if I needed any sizes. I told her I was still browsing and she replied she would be happy to help if I needed anything. A few minutes later, I fell in love with a striped shirt. I was reluctant to ask for help because let's face it, Ferragamo stuff is not cheap. I watched my buddy utilize the energy of the same sales girl to pick out a new belt. I eventually asked her if she had the shirt I was holding one size larger. I was hoping that she did not have it, then I could leave without lightening my wallet. To my dismay and delight, she found the shirt in my size. I love my new shirt. Ferragamo has the best stuff and the best staff.
3	I'd give this place 5 stars only if they didn't get their price tag mixed up with their computer system. My BF decided to buy me a wallet  that I saw online so we walked into the store but  didn't see it inside their display case.  As we were browsing, the salesperson was very helpful and brought out 4 different wallets.  The one that I liked was part of their classic collection and I was happy that they carried one at the store.  Seems like it's one of their most popular seller and I might have gotten the last one.  This is a smaller store compared to the one in South coast plaza.  Although they carry most of the new collections, they might not have everything that you're looking for.  Located inside the Palazzo, we accidently found it while getting lost.  After we brought it back to the hotel, my bf compared the receipt to the price tag and noticed an error.  We called the salesperson and he asked us to come back the next day.  When we got to the store, he explained how they haven't made an update to the  price tag and it was their fault for the error.  He didn't acknowledge the price on the price tag but only went by what was on the computer system.  After apologizing, he promised us some extra incentive to be sent in the mail.  It hasn't come in the mail yet but hopefully something will arrive in the near future.  After all, it was their mistake for making that price error and not being able to give us what's ON the price tag.  I still love my wallet.  Just make sure you carefully check the price tag before making a purchase at this store.  Otherwise you might wonder why you paid more than what's indicated on the price tag.  I'm surprised that a high end store make such mistakes.
2	I came into this store while in Vegas last month and I was less than impressed. I was standing around for 15 minutes before someone in the store bothered to ask if I needed help. The store was not very busy at the time, so that is why this was a problem. I ended up purchasing a pair of shoes and did not bother to see if the box was damaged. I did not think that was even an issue at a store like this, but when I arrived home, the box was very damaged. I also purchased a clutch, the display had a dust bag inside but the one I purchased did not. My boyfriend called the store to ask that one be sent to me and I didn't receive it until we called again at least two weeks later. The person who helped me, Mark Anthony, called me to tell me that what I bought was a wallet not a clutch and that's why there was no dust bag. I responded by saying that's not the case, the display had a dust bag and it is a clutch. A few days later, the dust bag arrived. The next time I am in Vegas, I will not return to this store for my Ferragamo fix. The store in the Palazzo has much better customer service.
