1	Ruben, what on earth were you doing at Denny's?  Well it was late, we were hungry, and that was the closest things to my friends house.  We should've just gone to bed.We roll up to this Denny's at about 3:30am.  I'll grant you, yes, it is 3:30am, I should wither my expectations.  Even with that in mind, I was still underwhelmed.  The big dip in this exp. was our server.  He was creepy, inattentive (hello, you have 2 tables, what's the deal?), and just plain awful.My friends and I order our stuff- I got a slam burger (burger with egg and hashbrowns on it), and my friends get a lumber jack slam, and an ultimate omlette.  We started off with nacho cheese fries (they were chillie fries with sour cream and jalapenos basically).  When the order came up, they literally sat there for 5 minutes while our server proceeded to eat his own breakfast.Our food comes out, maybe 15 minutes after that, and after we get our food, our server is gone for a good 20 minutes.  No follow up, no refills, just plain gone.  We seriously considered dine and dash after he was no where to be found for a good 10 minutes.The kicker- their credit card machine was "down" so they only took cash.  Me thinks this guy was just pocketing the money.  Don't go to this Denny's late nite.  The server (who never introduced himself) will ruin it for you even more so than the fact that you made the decision to eat at a Dennys.
1	*Don't go to this location, you'll only get rip off- straight in your face!Rueben is definately correct- they pocket the cash money.unbelievable America. Here are the details:So my husband, son, and I came in at 9pm on a Wednesday. We were the ONLY customers in the entire restaurant. I wasn't hungry and Jr. just ate.We ordered : the sampler, an onion mushroom chop steak entree, an oreo shake, and a kids sundae. The waitress seemed nice enough.....making small talk.. complimenting about how cute my son was and how she had 5 kids(!) ...blah blah blah...She said when we were ready she had our bill ready. We left a tip and went to pay.!!! she said "your total is 36.57". !!!! i was super shocked !!! I paid her in 5's and 1's...and handed her the 37 bucks in loose cash. ! she didn't even bother to re-count it and stuff it in the register without separating the cash.!! I then said "can i have the reciept" (!)and she started stuttering and stalled and talked BS. and i said " it just seems like a lot when for the one entree we ordered."the BS waitress's excuses "yeah it does", "the screen is cooperating", "i have to re-ring it".. Whatever byotch just do whatever and gimme my reciept. So she finally prints it out and even points out our items.. and at the dam bottom it says $26.57!!I confronted her and pointed out the total and  she automatically open the register and give me back my 10 when I started to  say " It's 26 and I gave you 36"..she said 'oh, i owe you ten back". (b4 even double-chking or counting anything)..man it was soooo scheme-ful!! To finally conclude my detailed yelp: the biyotch tried to stuff my 10 dollars in her own pocket. She knew what she was doing, what she said, and has obviously done this to many other customers. But she got caught. red handed. THATS SOOOO FREEAKKKEN SHADY SCHEMING WAITRESS! Descrption of shady waitress: caucasion female, avg built, black straight long hair with a few purple streaks, black eyes, with 5 kids(!) (she looked a lil young to have a 19, 18, 17, 7, and 5 year olds)BTW-the food sucked.
4	My uncle and I went here 3 times a week after his kidney treatments.  the service was friendly and quick (my uncle is very impatient) and the food was hot and fresh and the waitress made sure our coffee cups were always full.  My uncle has passed but I take my grandchildren there better their kids menu and at certain times kids eat free and their $2-4-6-8 menu choices it is affordable to take the kids.
4	I have a strict self-enforced policy on not reviewing the larger chain establishments but I feel a review for this Denny's location is warranted.  Denny's may not be a true retro-diner but I still get that diner feel from it.  From the stainless steel walls behind the bar to the 50's music I so dearly love.  And the food is not bad.  I don't believe food needs to be unique or gourmet to be good.  I ordered a mushroom swiss burger and it arrived at my table in just a few minutes.  It looked to be a hand formed patty.  It was not anything close to round and was falling apart a bit.  Perfect if you ask me.  It was like eating a home made burger.  It was big and filling.  My usual go-to if I find myself at Denny's.  Since it was Memorial Day and I was feeling good and relaxed, I ordered a hot fudge brownie a la mode.  Vanilla ice cream on it's own, no thank you.  But mix that scoop with some hot fudge and a warm brownie, aaaaahhhh.   So good.  My service was good for the most part except for when my server disappeared for a few minutes.  No matter though, it gave me time to digest before ordering dessert.  When he was there he was very attentive and personable.  Being Memorial Day the restaurant was not at all busy.  The staff had no urgancy to get the customers in and out.  I was told I could stay as long as I wanted.  I never felt like cattle in a processing plant.  That is for sure.Denny's has raised their prices a lot in recent years so it is not a go-to for a cheap sit-down experience anymore but it is still good.
3	My second time visiting this location. Troy was out waiter, he was very polite,and prompt with the service, even with the kitchen backed up. I hope he moves on the greener pastures though, he belongs at a much better location. This location is fully staffed by has been bleach blond waitresses, you can tell they've had hard lives and they're lack of customer service shows.I always only get breakfast here, my husband got a chicken avocado sandwich was was beyond disappointed. Return factor? Sure, when I really really really just want some dennys!
3	3 stars because the wait for food was longer than usual. Edward was an awesome waiter and really nice tho
3	Gives my zen face -.- I have no idea as to why they have a menu with bacon on items such as Ice cream. Ugh that's not for me but others may very well love it. I Had breakfast with my husband it was great bacon eggs toast and orange juice. It was cooked correct the first time and the service was just ok nothing to write home to mama about. The wait time was crazy long and over all I give it three stars. I did provide pictures so take a look.
3	Our server was really nice, excellent at getting what we needed (3 children) however the length of time it took to get the food was pretty long....the restaurant was pretty empty, so the food should have been a little quicker and appropriate temp. We go here for a casual breakfast on occasion, it is usually ok...  nothing fancy...restaurant is clean, quality of food is.....ok.....
3	We just moved into the neighborhood and wanted to grab a quick breakfast before we got back to unpacking all of our boxes. This location is clean and open right from the entry way, which is nice. There were still red, white, and blue decorations all over the place which seemed a little late to me, but that won't turn me away from the place by any means.We ended up ordering lunch items and my hubby ordered the bacon cheeseburger something or other and I ordered the "diner favorite" macho nachos. Best nachos I've ever had! Seriously delicious. The cheeseburger was good (per my hubby) but when the order first came out there were about 10 fries on the plate. It is a small thing to remark about but we were just curious how the heck that happened? The chef HAD to have known when he put it up on the counter that it looked empty. We ended up asking the server if that was normal and she said it is a standard 7 oz that they use for fries, but even she said that it wasn't enough. She brought more fries out before we left, which was nice of her, but kind of odd that we had to say something in the first place.The server was really friendly and we enjoyed our meal. The location and convenience of this Denny's adds to the overall rating and we will definitely return now that we are in the neighborhood.
5	Paula, the late nite shift waitress, was great! Food was yummy and the price is always right!! Thank you for being 24 hours!!!
1	Oh my goodness. My friends and I came here at 12:20am, and there's only one server. Which is no problem to me bc I am a waitress as well and I know sometimes 1 server can handle smaller restaurants when it's not during peak hours. But wow, was I wrong. Our female server just did everything sooooo slow. She took our drinks late, our order late, everything. The way she prioritized the order of the things she needs to do was just terrible. Halfway through my meal (bacon slam burger & chicken tenders were delicious tho! Thanks to the cook), I needed another sauce of honey mustard. She only checked on our table ONCE and I asked for my extra cup of honey mustard & refills for our waters. Then she goes to the register to process a LARGE party who has multiple checks first before she gets us our simple water refills & sauce. That took about 15 mins, so by the time she came back w/ our stuff, my chicken tenders were cold already and my 2 other friends has already finished their meals (lumberjack slam & Belgian waffle slam). Ugh I've never written a review let alone had such bad service that I had to write my first one. Such horrible service. Management, please train your servers to be better.
5	I walked in at 7am and told the waitress we had between 6-10 in our party. She immediately set up the table and placed menus and waters for wveryone. There was no wait due to the time but she was still very efficient.  All the food came out cooked to perfection. Dennys actually amazed me with there intense work ethic. There was no mistakes made. Give up to the staff for making our coaches breakfast rememorable.
2	Not once but twice we were cut off. First when we tried to check in and then when we tried to pay. When we brought that up they didn't even apologize! Waiter wasn't even that great, as many times as we have been here this was the worst. Guess I can't expect much from Denny's. Won't be back anymore
1	Worst place ever food was cold my wife food didn't come out complete didn't offer to change they didn't even give us a notice or a discount nephew food was cold like it was siting there waiting on the rest food this place is a joke! And to top it off I let the manager know and he didn't care!we saw our waiter one time I had to go up and ask for my bill...f@&k this place #joke
4	Denny's on a Sunday? After church? Egads! I was shocked that we didn't have to wait at all and there were 9 of us in our group! The server was on top of things and we didn't have top wait for anything. It got pretty busy while we were there but there was never a wait at the door. I had a diet-friendly meal and it was very tasty. Somebody had the pumpkin pancakes and loved them. We had babies and adults and everyone was pleased. The bill wasn't a wallet killer either! Definitely coming back.
