5	Let the Phoenix Food Truck Revolution begin!Leading the pack in my opinion are the smiling folks in the Pizza People Food Truck..."Pie on the fly!" How awesome is that? From the homemade dough (YES...homemade or shall I say truckmade?...) to the passionate owners to the local, fresh ingredients to the gluten free and vegan options...this food truck is on a roll baby!The thin, crispy yet pillowy dough and the tangy marinara with the local fresh basil...OMG...let's just say I devoured every bite. And with prices around $6 you just can't beat it! You can't beat it...but you most certainly can eat it!I can't wait to see where Pizza People park their gorgeous truck...I just want to be first in line! I even have hired them to cater my business's holiday party! You should too!Pizza People...you are my kinda people!
5	All I can say about Pizza People is, WOW!  Yummy pizza at a yummy price:D I never eat my crust, because it's usually never good enough. But it's all about the dough at this little food truck! They took their time in creating it and it shows! I especially love the names they chose for some of their pizzas, like "testosteroni" (spelling?) but it's a meat pizza made with a local favorite, Schreiner's fine sausage.I could of ate two, Incredible! They also have vegan options which is a great plus. And starting at $6 bucks a pizza, you can't beat it!  The owners of this food truck are Marybeth and Tim. A couple that is wonderfully friendly and inviting. I hope that you get a chance to check out their wonderful product and give them a great review!Cheers!
5	Food Truck Fav right here!I've been wanting to try Pizza People's Pizza for a while now.  I found out they were setting up at 180 Degree's Automotive and I figured if Bogi was hosting them then I needed to check them out!  I finally caught up with them at Local Fest.Bogi was actually there helping them out and she told me that they were only sampling the regular pizza and the gluten free pizza was $8 but she assured me it was yummy!  First of all $8 for a 2 item gf crust pizza is a deal!  Secondly, Bogi said they were her some of her best friends in the world...and I trust her implicitly....so I ponied up my dollars and waited about six minutes.  I ordered my pie with pepperoni and fresh tomato.  I took it back to my table to share with my Mama (who is also gluten free) and we both said at about the same time: " Oh, my gosh this is really good!"   Something I've only said about twice since eating gf pizza!The sauce is fresh, the dough was the best gf dough I've had to date and the toppings were just divine.  I need to put a GPS tracking unit on this truck so I can track it daily! (Oh, wait.........I can just check their facebook page!)  Yeah, I'd eat it daily!  It's that good!
5	If you see the Pizza People Food Truck, stop and get a pizza. Today, they were parked outside of the Coffee, Cookies, and Crafts event at Bragg's Pie Factory. Lucky us! I'm a personal fan of the Popeye and Fun Guy. The Popeye has spinach (obviously), basil, garlic, tomatoes and green onions. The Fun Guy has mushrooms (get it?! FUN GUY? Because mushrooms are fungi. You know, in the kingdom Fungi.) as well as arugula and basil. Plus, the pizza dough is freakin' fantastic. I could eat a pizza of crust. Also, there are vegan and gluten-free options. But don't panic, carnivores! Plenty of awesome meat choices too.Guys, long story short, it's really good pizza. You'll wait no longer than 12 minutes for your pizza, and pay no more than $10 for your meal. That's $10 maximum. Really, you'll probably spend $7 or 8, and that's including a drink.
5	Finally, a fierce competitor in the Phoenix food truck frenzy! Pizza People make an awesome pizza!  Very impressed with their selection of toppings- you don't do dairy, they offer daiya cheese.  Don't do wheat, they have gluten free dough.  Everything is made to order and fresh.  No sitting under a heat lamp for hours- what a concept and it is delicious.The owners are very helpful if it is your first visit.  They have great energy, the concept has great energy and experience is good energy.  (Which is very important while digesting.)I will be returning soon!
5	Personal 8 inch pies starting at six bucks baked and served within 10 minutes of ordering?  What could be better than that?I know - that they're simply delicious!  They must've raided the best produce from every farmer's market in the Valley to get that earthy musty tang into their fungi variety and garlicky tomatoey basily frisson in their margharita-like variety.  That was all I could eat the first time last night on Roosevelt Row.I've gotta get on their list - so I can eat my way through all their mouth watering fare!
5	Just had Pizza People last night and it was beyond my expectations.  It's not just a good food truck, it's some of the best pizza I've had in Phoenix (and I'm a pizza snob).  I can't wait to have it again!   Everything about it was perfect...especially the crust and sauce! Good job guys and keep up the good work.
4	I've only eaten here once but I really liked the fact that they offered a pizza with truffle oil (mmmmm). I tried this place on Halloween so I was in costume (a cheerleader outfit). They were pulled up in front of 180 Automotive. The couple running it were so nice. They put out a step ladder for me to sit on since I was on my bike. Everyone else was eating in their car or back in their office. I thought the price was very fair for the size. I had mushrooms, white cheese and truffle oil. Good stuff. I would eat their again even if it means having to cycle there.
4	The short: Really good pizza with a crispy-chewy crust and fresh, solid ingredients--all out of a food truck! Awesome bang for your buck at about $8 for an 8-inch pie and friendly service.The long: During downtown's First Friday Art Walk, we often snag dinner at the food trucks, usually opting for some delicious gourmet hot dogs. This month, Short Leash was absent, but Pizza People's giant dark green truck was in its place. While I was a little skeptical about getting a decent pizza out of a food truck (more specifically, the kind of oven you might be able to pack into a food truck), I need not have worried. While the 12-minute wait might have seemed long for food truck food, and while I'm no expert, the pizza was great and well worth the wait.My boyfriend ordered the Popeye, featuring spinach, basil, garlic, tomatoes, and green onions. Luckily, they just happened to already have a Popeye, baked and boxed, and were willing to sell it to us at a discout if we were willing to buy it and wait for my pizza to bake. Of course we agreed, and we treated it as a first course while we waited for my custom sausage, green chilies, mushroom, and black olives pizza. The pizza was still nice and hot, but not so hot that we had to wait before digging in. The toppings were awesome--fresh and ample without overwhelming the pie. The cheese had just the right amounts of give and chew. The spinach was cooked, but not cooked to mush. And the true test of pizza, the crust, was crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside, thick and structured enough to hold the toppings up without buckling under their weight. We devoured it, right down to and including the bones (the crust/cornicione), which I too often leave on the plate because it's usually just substandard bread. These bones were truly enjoyable. My pizza came out 12 minutes later, as promised. I personally should've laid back a little on toppings, and somehow, a sprinkling of basil chiffonade made it onto the pizza, but it was still good. However, the crust kept flopping, either because we didn't wait long enough for the pizza to cool or because it was just floppy crust. After the Popeye, I want to think it was because we should've waited just a little longer to dig in. I still really enjoyed it, though, and look forward to visiting the truck again--hopefully it will be a frequent vendor at First Fridays, Food Truck Friday, and Saturday at the Downtown Public Market!
5	The company that manages the office building I work in recently started having various food trucks in the parking lot at lunch 2 times a week. Today was Pizza People, several co-workers and I decided to give into the food truck sensation and give them a try and let me tell you, we all are sold.They use fresh, local ingredients and everything is made to order..which means expect to wait about 10 minutes to get your food..not the everyday roach coach food either.  I ordered the Popeye with the addition of bacon..OMG. This was probably one of the best pizzas I have eaten. The crust was everything it should be. Golden brown with a crispy but yet chewy crust that had that faint taste of yeast that I love. The only thing I could find wrong with my pie was that after several minutes it started to get soggy on the thinner pieces of crust. I really wish that ricotta cheese was a topping option too.My only regret is that I didn't pay the extra $1.50 and combo it up with a small chopped salad & a drink..next time my friends, next time.
5	Saw them at an apt. parking lot on Grove Pkwy in Tempe (they show up there on Tuesdays), and gave them a try.  First time I tried them had one of their specials, which had jalepenos and green chilis.  What I was impressed with is how light and crispy their crust is,  with a bit of chewiness to it.  The sauce had a good tomatoey tang to it, and the cheese was a really good quality fresh mozzerella (not greasy but had a nice cheesy saltiness to it.   Fresh jalepenos and green chilis gave it a nice kick.  The fresh basil was also a nice touch. Overall just a high quality pizza.  And I'm super picky with my pizza, probably don't like 90% of the ones out there.   Second time I went to them,  had the Popey,  which had garlic, cherry tomatoes.  and garlic.  Another winner.  Pizza People makes some of best pizza in Phonix.  And the owners are super down to earth and nice as well.  I also had a side salad on my 2nd visit,  which for $1.50 was a steal.  Fresh mixed greens with a balsomic vinigarette.  The onions were a bit thick for me though  (I like mine sliced super thin).   I will definately try to go a couple of time a month for my pizza fix.
5	I was stalking the Pizza People Food Truck all week to get a couple passes to Street Eats on Saturday and finally found the truck on my side of town. Drove over to 48th St & University around 1145am and there was already a line formed. Perused the menu board and honed in on the Popeye - spinach, garlic, mozzarella, and tomato sauce. MaryBeth was busy taking orders and taking pies out of the oven. She is very efficient and quick and had a smile for each customer. I had my pie in 10 minutes or so. I could smell the aromas thru the sturdy cardboard box while she handed me two passes (thanks, MaryBeth!). As I was driving back to the office, the smell overtook me and I couldn't wait and carefully removed a slice while I was rushing back over the highway - she pre-sliced the pie too! Gooey yummy mozzarella and the spinach was fresh, as well as the garlic pieces and tomato chunks. The crust was perfect - crisp on the bottom and pillowy crisp on the edges. Sooooooo good.
5	I ran off into the night, hair flying, hands clutching both sides of the paper plate. I'd ordered from Pizza People before; my date had not. Ideally, I'd never let him. The perfectly crisp gluten-free crust, vegan cheese that tasted like rich white cheddar & mozzarella (rather than vomit), and the delicious smattering of mushrooms and basil adorning that personal pizza had won my heart long before he could, and that is how it was destined to stay. After giving up dairy and gluten, all that was left of a pizza was the tomato sauce. Somehow, I was enjoying a pizza, sans tomato sauce, dietary restrictions in tact!Crouched behind a graffiti'd wall, I ravaged that pizza with a passion reserved only for the glory that emerges from the Pizza People truck.
5	The most scrumptious pizza I have ever tasted out of a truck; and it beats many traditional pizza restaurants as well. I tried the "Hottie" this past Friday at Food Truck Friday. Although the serrano peppers and jalapenos were not as spicy as I expected, the sausage, crust and cheese were deeelicious. Yum, I'm drooling just thinking about it. Can't wait til the next Food Truck Friday. Now if only my stomach were big enough for Pizza People AND Short Leash Dog, I'd be a very happy gal!
5	This place is amazing! First off, the people are so nice. I chatted with the cashier for a few minutes while ordering and she was very helpful and fun to talk with. I ordered the Fun Guy speciality pizza and it was unbelievable! The flavors melded together so well. The amazing thing is that even though I thought the pizza was perfect, apparently the crust came out a little more well done than they normally cook it to, so they offered to either give me my money back or give me an additional pizza for free! I took the pizza as is, and it was still one of the best I've had. I would definitely recommend Pizza People to anyone.
3	Tried the Testosteroni on gluten-free crust ($2 upcharge) today. While the toppings were good, I was really disappointed by the crust. It was crumbly and the underside was peppered in burnt dust. Blech. I have 3/4 of a pizza left and I will probably just end up tossing it. Not worth the calories. Next time, I'm going to stick with the original crust.
4	This is some seriously good pizza. I had it a couple week ago at food truck friday and it was just delicious. Like going to a fancy shmancy pizza place, but only like 8$....can't beat that! I got the popeye (?), the one with spinach, garlic, tomato, basil, and deliciousness. It was just wonderful...I will definitely be back here...yum!
4	Yum to The Yum for my Tum Tum Tum!!! (da-dum)  ( OK, that was corny. )But the pizza here is anything but corny.Had the "Hottie" and it was very tasty.  Best pizza I've ever had off a truck, by far. (wink wink)Chewy, perfectly-done crust and all the ingredients tasted fresh and flavorful.The one critique I would make is that the crust gets a little thin in the middle and "sogs up" a little before the end.  But that did not take away from the overall taste - this is a very good pizza under any grading system. I will definitely hit this place again.  I was lucky to see them Tweet their location today and have it be just a few blocks from my workplace.
5	Finally checked them out! Loved that they were by Shadys. Schooners meats ...eight inch for 6 bucks with two toppings! The Side salad is amazing at a buck fifty!
5	I bought in on the whole gourmet food truck trend and had been to Food Truck Fridays a few times, but I gotta be honest that I was skeptical of pizza from a truck. I'm also not afraid to admit when I'm wrong, and I was very wrong in this case. The pizza wasn't just good for a truck. It was just damn good. Great thin crispy crust and lots of different, fresh toppings. Will definitely be back
4	Kind of a cluster..  I stood next to the girl for over 15 min and she still ended up giving my pizza to some other asian girl.  Seriously??  So she chases her down and I get my pizza with some random girl's thumbprint on one section of my pizza.  Great.That aside, I can see why this truck gets such high marks.  The crust is crisp yet chewy.  It actually kind of reminds me of Totino's pizza rolls because of the crust, sausage and general flavor of the whole thing.  Even the reddish grease.  I love pizza rolls..I would like to see nutritional info.  If its not as terrible for you as TPR I will probably stalk this truck all over town.
5	Pizza with homemade crust - baked to order in 8 minutes...in a food truck!?!?!?  INSANE!!!I was initially reluctant to try Pizza People one Sunday when we went to 4peaks tasting room.  I figured, these people are doing pizza in a truck.  That has to spell disaster in your mouth.  OH WAS I WRONG!J, Baby C, and I went to the Phoenix Public market last Wednesday night to partake in some tasty goodness from the food trucks.  J had had Pizza People at Food Truck Friday the week prior and suggested I give them a go.  I caved after he said it met his seal of approval.  The crust is chewy, which I LOVE!!  You can either make your own pizza from their list of toppings or choose one of their pizza creations.  I was not in a meat kinda mood - J wants meat at every meal.  lol  The guy at the window said we could do a half and half - AWESOME!  My half I had spinach, feta, and tomato.   J's half...I don't even remember..cause I was all about my half!  Only thing I would ask them to do next time is cook the pizza for maybe 2 minutes longer - The pizza crust had that limpness to it in the middle.  I like a super done crust.  :)  Would I go back to Pizza People?  Heckkkkk Yes!
4	Pizza People is really good. I've tried their pizzas a few times and they're consistent. The pizzas is ready quickly and their prices are super reasonable. I like how they also cater to dietary issues and don't skimp on ingredients. They offer lactose free and vegan options that taste great! Also, the staff is fantastic, super friendly and helpful.
4	$7.00 for a "create your own" pizza? Yes please.This is the only truck I havent tried that comes to the ASU Food Truck Block Party. I never see a line there, so I was helped almost immediately. I ordered my pie (the guy was super nice) and waited. About 15 minutes later, I had my pizza to-go.I chose the standard crust, and cheese and added Italian sausage, green peppers, and onions. The pie had a nice crust w/ bubbles (which I love). The ingredients blended nicely, and I was quite pleased w/ my creation (even the next day). My one small complaint is that the bottom of my pizza was about half burned.I would absolutely recommend trying this truck. Like I said, theres never a lone when they come to the block party at ASU- TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THAT!!
4	More than I ever care to admit, I can be quite the creature of habit.  That being said my go to here is their Testosteroni Pizza on their Gluten Free crust.  A mixture of local sausage, pepperoni, onions fresh basil, sauce, cheese on the thin crisp and slightly sweet gluten-free...wooah baby!Their regular crust is also fabulous perfectly thin, with just enough crust on the edges, to not want to leave any uneaten.  They also offer vegan and vegetarian options as well.  Not bad for a Food Truck, much less one serving Pizza!   You can design your own or pick from a short list of Specialty Combinations.  Ranging from $7 to $10 based on toppings or crust choices on average, you can not go wrong with ordering fresh made to order pizza from a Food Truck!
5	I was worried because I am friends with the Pizza People.  And I love pizza.  And it is hard to find good pizza.  I mean I am impossible to satisfy.  So when I finally came to visit in Arizona I was worried.  What if it wasn't any good?  What would I say? Would I lie?  Yes, I would definitely lie. But I didn't want to lie.  I wanted their pizza to be good.As it turns out, it didn't really matter.  The pizza was awesome.  I mean really really awesome.  It was a relief. But also a let-down because I was only in town for the weekend and then I had to go home again and now I can't eat this pizza.  I miss it.  I might miss it more than I miss my friends.  Now I have a new dilemma.  I want to go back to Arizona, but only to eat more of their pizza.  Do I lie and tell them I am there to see them and just hope they give me some pizza?
5	If I could give Pizza People 25 stars, I would! I love that they consistently carry Daiya vegan cheese, their crust and sauce is vegan to begin with, and they have gluten-free vegan crust as an option, too!! For someone who can really struggle at a pizza place at times, Pizza People makes it so easy.The Popeye with vegan cheese is my favorite (simple fresh basil, spinach, tomato, garlic) but the Fun Guy (cremini mushrooms, drizzle of truffle oil, garlic and arugula) is a close second. I would follow this food truck across town and have. I hear they are getting a brick and mortar place on Central.. I CANNOT WAIT!!!
5	They are moving to ground at the old Cheuvront's! September 23!
4	Pizza People Pub is pretty awesome and has a great location in downtown Phoenix.  At Tour de Coops, I had seen their food truck, and my co worker ordered a pizza.  It looked really good that I knew I had to make a trip to the pub!The day before Thanksgiving, me and Judy F. had a Thanksgiving Eve dinner at the pub.  Very inviting atmosphere with unique informal seating areas as well as outside seating is available.  A little cold outside right now, but can't wait when it's a bit warmer in the evening to sit outside.I ordered the AZ Jackass, similar to a Moscow Mule.  Pretty tasty and it was a dollar off for happy hour!!  I could not resist ordering a mini mac!  It was so tasty with a crispy top and warm creamy middle.  My pizza had pepperoni and mushrooms and was a 10" pizza which I devoured all of it!  The crust was really really good.  However, they make it, it's probably the best that I've had in awhile, seriously!
5	I heart this place!!!!  M and I had pre-Thanksgiving dinner here.  Causal, hip, and nice people.  The mini mac was good.  My testosteroni was GOOD!  Can't wait to come back.  Oh, the service was great too!
5	We hired Pizza People to work our wedding and they did a great job! They were 1 of three trucks and everyone raved about them all night. They were so great to work with and the staff on the day of me wedding was friendly and served everything quickly. They even hooked us up with leftovers at the end of the night! It was great! Thanks again Pizza People!
1	Was not impressed with the pizza.the Dell was raw very undercooked it was just an OK sauce nothing to rave about.. I come from a long line of pizza makers and i know good pizza when I taste it.. this wasn't close to being good very disappointed
5	Love Love Love the pizza!! This is the only place where my husband will eat all of the crust.... So there is less for me!! Only down side of perfect crust/pizza!!
