3	The best thing about Cafe Class is that there is no class.Wholesome sausage butties, cheesy melt paninis and other builder's favourites are all here within the guise of a very ordinary cafe.Assuming you don't accidentally wander into the owners living quarter on your way to the loo, pay up for the cheap eats and hand back the HP sauce, you'll be in for a satisfying no-frills eat.
4	Cafe Class is a nice, no frills wee cafe in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh.It serves up cheap cups of tea and coffee, panini's generously packed with the filling of your choice and full Scottish breakfasts for under a fiver. The decor is welcoming and pleasant - nothing too fancy but that's ideal if you're just stopping by for a nice cup of tea. It's clean, fresh and the food is good. There are a few tables but it's equally as good for a take away. But the best thing about Cafe Class is they are open later into the evening than most diners of this description, making it perfect for grabbing a quick bite to eat before the pub or a visit to the nearby Cameo cinema. It lives up to its name, and is class indeed if you're looking for a quick snack.
5	Reading the reviews below makes me think they may have been written before the current owner took over...In my opinion the food here goes way beyond what you would expect in what does, indeed, look like quite a basic little cafe, fitted out with funky thrift shop furniture - but overall has a nice feel and always friendly efficient service. One improvement would be to change the unforgiving strip lighting in the rear section which does not really add to the ambience ...The selection of 3 or 4 home made soups is great and never bog-standard - pea and dill was knock out. The panninis are always generously filled and well cooked (pet hate: when they have not been left in grill long enough) and come with a very good side salad.A small range of pastas (all of which sounded highly tasty) are now being offered too.Oh, and the coffee is good and home made baked NY style cheese cake is fab!
4	What a lovely little cafe!I'm only putting 4 stars cos' I haven't tried the food... yet.Lovely Artisan Roast coffee, warm welcome, groovy tunes, nice decor.  I think this may become my new favourite cafe :-)
4	What a lovely little cafe! It was the new sign that enticed me in - it's always looked like such a scruffy, down at heel place, but now...Really - it's a cosy wee cafe, nice sofas and cushions and art. There's hummous and chorizo and lots of salads on the menu - this really isn't the greasy spoon that i thought it was. I only had a coffee, but I'll be back.
4	Quite impressed with this wee place - everything is cooked from fresh and there's a wide selection of pasta dishes, salads, bake potatoes, sandwiches, homemade soup and paninis! What more do you want?!? I normally opt for a takeaway purely down to speed however it's a cool wee place to catch up with friends for a quick and very informal lunch. Comfy leather couches, nice artwork on the wall, very unpretentious.Would recommend as an ideal mid-week work lunch venue.
5	Mr LG now lives in Edinburgh, so, we decided to take a little afternoon stroll through the West End of Edinburgh and explore the area a bit. But we were hungry first of all and fancied some brunch. The first thing that drew us in was the fact that they did breakfast until 5pm. So, in we went and sat down at one of their quaint little tables. We both ordered an all day breakfast and it took a while to come, but when it did come, it was the best breakfast ever. Not only was it nicely presented, it was really very good. The sausages were brilliant,the beans weren't all that mushy way cheap beans can sometimes go. The bacon was lovely and crispy and the haggis was amazing. There was so much breakfast, I couldn't eat it all. Not only was this breakfast amazing, it showed me there was some definite cultural difference between  the east coast of Scotland and the west. Like, for example, if I was having a fry up at home in Glasgow, I would have  lorne sausage and black pudding. But in the east coast, they have sausages and haggis. Haggis for breakfast is the best thing I've ever heard of anyway. And the east coast potato scones are strange too. All in all an amazing breakfast experience that I will surely relive.
4	The service was more than good! The food was nice too and the place in lovely! I recommend Cafe Class!
3	Cafe Class, you funny little corner, you. With your bizarre salsa covers of pop hits like Beat It on the radio, and your oddly cluttered and homely shop floor, you are an oddball of the highest order. I like oddballs.I also like hot chocolate, and if a hot chocolate arrived with a giant chocolate wafer-straw stuck in the mountain of cream - well, I'm going to be a happy lady. Especially if the chappy who brings it over also seems happy, which he does. I like happy people.And yes, if the hot chocolate itself is not the finest, the wafer straw still makes me happy. Nom nom nom. And so does sitting on a tall stool gazing out at a busy Tollcross junction through the plate-glass. I like gazing out of windows.Yes, Cafe Class, I don't love you just yet, but I like you. I like you, Cafe Class.
4	This is my favourite local shop. The food is damn good and so is the coffee. The atmosphere is cozy and casual and the people who run it are friendly. It only loses a star because it opens at 10am on weekdays so I can't get my morning coffee here if needed. And the lids on the takeaway cups sometimes dribble (the way lots of cups in Edinburgh seem to do...)
5	I'm happy to give five stars to this coffehouse/restaurant. My friends and I went for lunch today, and everything was excellent. The soup du jour was carrot ginger, non-dairy. Delicious, and the four of us all agreed. Also enjoyed was the tuna and sweetcorn sandwich with thinly sliced picked cucumbers on olive bread, a sun blushed tomato and greens, and a bacon and brie with cranberries. All sandwiches come with tender greens on the side. One friend got an espresso, which she rated "A+."The service was very nice and friendly.  Very casual and comfortable.  Oh yes, free wifi.My first non-U.S. review!
5	This is the best cafe in Tollcross. Coffee is great, staff are helpful and cheery, huge and tasty full scottish breakfast plus lots of healthy and delicious offerings for lunch and brunch. They play cool, European jazzy and alternative music and to top it all, reasonably priced. Interior decor is fresh and comfortable
5	My new favourite place! Very homely, very relaxing ! Picture it,  fairy lights, a comfy couch to snuggle up on, a steaming pot of tea and a delicious homemade cake! An afternoon well spent!
