5	Its kind of nice to see someplace in LAs Vegas that isn't just a copy of a NY or LA establishment.  Bartolotta has a distinct feel all its own.  Very classy, with excellent fresh seafood cooked in an Italian style.In addition to the regular menu (half seafood /half not)  there is a list of fish that can be cooked whole in a variety of ways, and then filleted at the table and served there.  We had the Sea Bream this way and it was really excellent.  The fish was just so tasty and moist.This place is a little too expensive for me, but really, it was definitely worth it.  The decor was really beautiful, the food was excellent, and the service was fabulous as well.
5	A simple but elegant place.  The manager came to our table and made his recommendations, which we took - artichoke salad and fresh sea bass for the main course.  For dessert we had poached pear.The bass was fresh and everything tasted lovely.  There were no lulls between courses and the help were very polite.I'll have to agree with the first reviewer in that Bartolotta doesn't lend a sense it's ripped somebody else's style.  It's very much itself, with an understated taste (I feel like I'm using this word to death today), kind and obliging manners from the waiters, and a meal just fine enough to set things over the top.
5	One of the best restaurant experiences I've had in awhile.  I loved practically every aspect to this place... quality and freshness of the food, menu selection / variety, knowledgeable and attentive service, and a wonderful elegant but not-overly-stuffy atmosphere (esp if you are getting the view of the outside patio area) all make this place worth the price.  Oh, it didn't hurt that the manager hooked us up with delicious desserts and coffee.  As for the main attraction... it's all about the seafood!  If you love fish, there's no way you won't appreciate this place.  They have all sorts of fish including daily / rare specials that you probably won't find on any menus in this country and best of all, the fish is flown in fresh from Italy/ Mediterranean and they prove this freshness factor by laying out the raw fish on a silver tray for all patrons to check out before placing the order.  Our only dismay was when our fish came out, the waiter proceeded to fillet off at least a quarter of the fish... what a waste of a very good and pricey fish (you pay for it by the ounce).  The pasta (we ordered the "lasagna", which is not really a lasagna but "rags" of pasta strands perfectly cooked with an amazing mushroom sauce) was heavenly, as was the seafood salad appetizer.  The rack of lamb was a solid dish as well.  And the desserts... yum!  Can't wait to go back.
3	In keeping with the whimsical nature of the Wynn Resort, this two-story restaurant is elegantly designed and decorated, with an open, airy feel and special dining outdoors by "Lake of Dreams" under cabanas and misters.Service was a bit stuffy, and we weren't really captivated by the long monologue detailing the seafood that was flown in from all the seas of the Italian Mediterranean and which weights were available.  Nor did we want to see the huge platter of the fresh catch flown in that day.  It became very overwhelming for lunch.  My lunch buddy and I ended up simply ordering a pasta dish with tiger prawns and the lobster salad.  Both were tasty, but did not define our expectations of world-class cuisine from the award-winning chef of Spiaggia in Chicago.Bartolotta is expensive, but I plan to visit again and try more dishes, including the fish.  Maybe it will earn another star once I'm convinced that flying all this fish in daily is worth the cost.  However, I do recommend that you visit it at least once for its atmosphere and beauty; it's like a jewel in the Wynn crown.
4	I will section this off into three things I found needed comment: service, appetizers, our entree.  I ate there last night (Friday).SERVICE At the slightest tick of my head or twitch of my eye, the Bartolotta staff was absolutely on it.  Every single person, whether they served my table specifically or not, responded to our every request with grace and resolve. * I asked for honey with my hot water, and off-handedly mentioned he should bring two so I wouldn't have to bother him for more later...he came back with a somewhat dazzling array of honey jars (4) on a plate with lemons on the fringes.  Hott.* I asked two men by the staircase where the restroom was, and instead of pointing or giving vague directions, one of them walked me practically to the door of the ladies' room......however, sometimes the server kept us waiting.  We were seated with no menus and had to wait for them.  We had dessert cleared and had to ask for the check.  Yeah, yeah, leisurely dining, but hey, we had a show to catch down the strip.APPETIZERSAppetizers get an A, from the selection we had.  Both were careful, measured and small, and of perfect portions.  The meat ravioli's sauce was a bit on the oily side for my taste, but the minced meat inside was delightful and dense.  The gnocchi dish's tomato sauce looked frighteningly dense, but it was creamy and light, topped with a light cheese sprinkling that was just enough to say "Hello, someone bothered to decorate me."  I save the texture for last....let's just say that my love for gnocchi was awakened at Bartolotta, with each little potato dumpling melting in my mouth upon contact like a recurring, ephemeral pasta dream.*Side note: The first gnocchi I ever tried in my life was terrifyingly disgusting, in a cream sauce that actually made me stop eating altogether (ON MY BIRTHDAY.  Dammit, I should have complained that night, huh?).  I can't even remember the name of the place, but it was near the Santa Monica 3rd St Promenade...ENTREEWe shared a simple bass.  Points upon points for presentation -- they cook a whole fish for you and dice it apart on a cart in front of your table, pouring on the tomatoes and juices and side potatoes to craft your dish.  It requires a certain skill to look graceful taking apart a whole fish as a waiter.  I asked for the head as he served us, and I got it on a plate -- yay!  [If you haven't tried it, eat the cheek meat of the fish under the eye.  Tenderest spot on a fish.]  As for my impressions, I will be brief: I was disappointed with the texture (or as I put earlier, ephemeral dreaminess) of the fish meat, and it was not worth the money (about $55 per person for the fish).  Sigh.So.... in summary (can you tell I had a lot to vent?), I'd go back in a flash for the appetizers...maybe even make an Italian tapas night out of it!  *giggles.*
4	I was genuinely impressed by Bartolotta. To be honest, I actually didn't know what kind of price point I'd be walking into when I went there, but if you're ever going to pay this much money for a meal, it should be this good.The service was excellent and comfortable. Taking the server's recommendation on the main course, we had a freshly cooked bass that was prepared at the table (which was a fun perk). The rest of the food was excellent, but the two most memorable notes from the evening were:1) the ambiance: just a really nice place to have a romantic meal, and2) the, ahem, hefty price tag. i really want to put a 5 down, but i'm not sure that (on value) it shouldn't be a 4...
1	When in Las Vegas, it's implicit that you're going to drop a chunk of change even for a goddamn bottle of water, so it's no surprise that the fancy restaurant at the hottest casino in Las Vegas cost $175 a head for the world's most underwhelming meal.Still, this place DOES NOT get a pass. And here's why:1. Walking in, it smelled like low tide. I was pretty drunk when we got here, so, not knowing this was a seafood joint, whispered (okay, maybe said loudly) to my friend "obviously don't order any of the SEAFOOD!" 2. The service is ridiculous. It's like amateur night over there! All this posturing and kowtowing. For what? Omar, the manager came over to "check on us." But did nothing useful. We were a party of 12, it was my brother's birthday, the bill was over $1,500, and we got nuttin. No "from the chef", no "on the house." Just a chatty sommelier with nothing to offer except a LONG story about his commute. 3. The food was fine. Nothing exceptional. Just....fine. Their angle is they fly the fish in every day from the Mediterranean. We got the Orata and some other name I can't remember. Seriously guys, I'm not some chump who's like, "yeah, food tastes like food. it's all the same." This food tasted like food. The whole "Mediterranean" thing was such a GIMMICK. Grossed me out big time.SAVE YOUR MONEY!!! Or go to one of the star chef spots like Thomas Keller's "Bouchon Las Vegas" or Daniel Boloud's "Brasserie at Wynn Las Vegas."Honestly, I would've been happy as a clam at high tide to get mediocre room service and drop that money at a blackjack table. It would have been a much more satisfying waste of money.
5	Bartolotta serves Italian food, but places a heavy emphasis on fresh seafood flown in from the Mediterranean. Your server will bring to the table a platter of fresh fish available that day. They're sold by weight; you must purchase the entire fish. Royal langoustines and one or more types of lobster are also available. The fish will be cooked very simply, and is served with one of two simple sauces.Outside tables are available; if the weather permits, try to get one. The tables are on the edge of a large pond, filled with koi and dozens of silver hemispheres. Gazebos and large umbrellas above the tables add to the atmosphere.Service is friendly and relaxed. If you order whole fish, your server will skin and bone the fish at your table. This can sometimes lead to slight delays, since you may end up waiting while this service is performed for another table.**Meal #1: Whole Fresh FishI started with mozzarella salad. The mozzarella was light and soft, very different from what passes for mozzarella in grocery stores. I enjoyed it, and it wasn't too filling.I decided to splurge and ordered one of the fish flown in from Italy - red snapper. The sauce (salsa estiva - tomatoes, arugula, garlic, red onion, olive oil, and red wine vinegar) was provided in a bowl, to be spooned over the fish as desired. Accompanying all of this were some finger potatoes, roasted marinated peppers, and sliced zucchini.The fish was very good - nicely cooked, tender, yet firm, with a mild flavor. The sauce ingredients were uncooked, perhaps marinated for a while. Spooned over the fish, it was a great combination.**Meal #2: Royal LangoustinesI started with Baccal mantecato - Venetian salt cod mousse. It was smooth, mild flavored and salty, served with greens and a fancy version of garlic toast. It doesn't sound all that wonderful, but it was really good.Since I had previously tried whole fresh fish, I decided to try royal langoustines. These shrimp sized crustaceans were split in half, grilled, and served with olive oil and lemon juice. Accompanying them were good finger potatoes and zucchini, and excellent roasted yellow and red peppers. The langoustines were very good, but pricey - $95 for a recommended plate of five.**Meal #3: More Fish!I started the meal with Octopus Salad: quartered cherry tomatoes, bright green fava beans, and chunks of black and white marinated octopus. The dressing was a small amount of olive oil. Very light, very fresh, very good.For my main course, I had "Rags of thinly sliced swordfish with Tuscan bread." Two thin slices of grilled swordfish sat atop cherry tomatoes, diced cucumber, and Tuscan bread. All had been dressed with olive oil, a little vinegar, and onions. The fish was tender, not at all dry, its flavor not masked by anything. The bread had soaked up some of the dressing and was delicious. I'm a chocolate lover, so when my server recommended Budino di cioccolatie banana, gelato allo zuccaro di canne, there was no argument. This was described as warm chocolate banana custard, passion fruit pearls, and natural sugar cane gelato. The custard was so thick it was served free form. It had a very dark chocolate flavor, with banana in the background. All in all, it was more like a flourless chocolate cake than a custard, but slightly softer and smoother. The gelato was wonderfully creamy, with a delicate flavor. Sour passion fruit puree with (tapioca?) pearls provided a good flavor contrast. Excellent.**Meal #4: Slipper LobsterMy waiter recommended cuttlefish as an appetizer. Good suggestion. The dish consisted of thick strips of a good sized specimen, simply grilled, with lemon juice and herb infused olive oil. The flesh was tender and sweet, with a definite charcoal flavor.I decided to go crazy for the main course, and ordered slipper lobster. Why is it crazy? Because it costs on the order of $100 to $150, for which you get a few ounces of tail meat. It was served oven roasted. The meat is sweet and chewy, with a little more grain than Pacific lobster tail meat. The side dishes, served with all whole fish and shell fish, were as good as ever: good sliced zucchini, very good roasted fingerling potatoes, and superb roasted marinated peppers.For dessert: torta Caprese. It consisted of dense chocolate almond cake with raspberries, dark chocolate sauce, heavenly gelato, and a thick curl of dark chocolate.  Not as good as the budino di cioccolatie (above), but still very good.Bartolotta is among the elite of Las Vegas restaurants, surpassed by just a handful of places. Please order the whole fish if at all possible. It's expensive, but worth it.  Now about the expense...it's possible to spend under $50 for a three course meal, but with whole fresh fish the cost will be from $75 to $100. Order whole fresh shellfish and the cost will be higher still (meal #4 was $180). To the price, add drinks, tax and tip.
4	This place was set in a beautiful location. The service was very good. The food was also very tasty. They specialize in Italian Seafood and had many seafood dishes and fish I had never even heard of that are flown in daily from near Italy. A purple cod? It was intrigued but you needed 2 people in order to get it so I couldn't order it. I had the mushroom, black truffled arugula salad which was very tasty. Followed by the spaghetti with mantis shrimp special appetizer. The desserts weren't bad, either.
4	i usually hate going to 'nice' italian restaurants because ive always seen pasta as rather homey, comfort food. three dishes at bartolotta changed my mind - gnocchi, carne cruda, lasagnettenot for the faint of heart, bartolotta unapologetically serves seafood for people who love seafood. if you are the type of person that doesnt like fish to be too 'fishy', consider yourself a moron and dont come here.i dont understand how one takes potato and flour and goes about turning it into a dumpling with the consistency of soft cheese... but after tasting the gnocchi here... i guess its possible. ive had a lot of gnocchi in my day (ex-girlfriend loves the stuff) and this is one of the best.i dont eat red meat often... but when i saw the carne cruda on the menu i just had to have a taste... and sure enough it was genius... i might never cook meat again and just eat tar tar for the rest of my days. this dish proves that truffle oil makes everything better.the lasagnette would be one of the dishes at bartolotta that people would either love or hate because if its fishiness. brimming with sweet crab, lobster, shrimp and languostine it was like a seafood explosion in your mouth. it was a seafood pasta dish where the seafood was an actual flavor and not just a texture in a sauce.my friends and i got a private room, which was nice, and the sommelier proposed a very good chianti for me. the bill wasnt too bad considering we had four bottles of wine and we all left in good spirits.
4	I was taken here for my birthday dinner by my wife while we vacationed in Las Vegas. I was offered a choice to go to this place or another, so I researched this place by coming to Yelp.Frankly, after reading a couple of the reviews I was a little hesitant to pick this place. Still I did and I will be honest that I don't regret doing so.We sat outside on the pond, which in my opinion is the only place worth sitting in this restaurant. It was the perfect setting for a nice romantic meal. The interior of the restaurant didn't leave me too impressed.I will agree that the whole fresh seafood from the Mediterranean angle didn't do much for me, but the seafood was fresh and cooked well.I had the spiny lobster which has a lighter head and more meat, thus giving you the most band for your buck. It was cooked really well and I enjoyed every scrumptious bite.The appetizers were good and the deserts were excellent. My personal favorite was the Budino di cioccolatie banana.Since so many Yelpers have gone into so much detail regarding the food, I am keeping my review simple. The food is good and this place is worth checking out. Sure there is an air of arrogance in the wait staff, but they are helpful and friendly if you get the right person. Sit outside and be prepared to spend some serious cash. It is worth it!
3	My girlfriends and I dined here before a nite out.  It was very pretty, and although we were told their specialty is seafood, we each ordered to what we were feeling that night.  Since I was trying to be dedicated to my new vegan lifestyle, i was pretty limited to what i can order.  You would think at an italian restaurant, i would have a pretty good selection.  I ended up ordering the vegetable risotto.  It was tasty and I did have a salad to accompany my meal.  I guess at the end of the day, there are so many other amazing restaurants in LV that I would probably not go back here.  The meal was good, but it didn't leave me wanting more.
5	Classy, Intimate, another Great restaurant at the Wynn... What more can you say about a place that offers fresh fish flown in daily from Italy.  It's presented to you at the table before it's cooked & delicately served to you at your elegantly set up table.  Wonderful dining experience... whether you're on a date or simply just want a nice Italian meal, I say check it out!  If you can get seating out by the pond, that will make it extra special.  It is a little pricey, however, I don't regret it!  Cheers!
5	I loved this place! I was here a couple of summers ago for my friend's bachelorette party weekend. We decided to have our nice dinner here with all the girls and we were not disappointed at all. The Wynn is wonderful to begin with, so was Bartolotta. I don't remember what I ordered specifically because I have a habit of tasting everyone's food whenever I eat out with friends/family, but I must say everyone's food was really good. The risotto was great! Service was good, too.If I'm ever back in Vegas and want a great meal, I will definitely revisit Bartolotta at the Wynn.
4	We had the family style tasting menu - Gran Menu di Mari, $155/person.  It consisted of 5 appetizers, 3 pastas, 2 entrees, and 4 desserts.For appetizers they brought out: scallops, octopus, fried small silverfish, and 2 types of shrimp.  The scallops were excellent.  The octopus and the silverfish were both good as well.The pastas were cheese ravioli, lobster penne and risotto. The sheep's milk ricotta ravioli was sooo good.  The best cheese ravioli I've ever had.  The risotto was pretty good as well.  The lobster penne had a piece of lobster meat for each person and the lobster itself was very tasty.  The penne itself was nothing special.Our entrees consisted of a snapper and ribeye steak.  We were expecting to receive 2 fish for our entrees as it was the Grand Seafood Feast tasting menu.  Our server told us that he selected it for us, but they could take the ribeye back and cook up another fish.  We told them that it was fine (since we were pretty hungry at the point anyways), just that we were expecting 2 fish.  The snapper was excellent and while the steak was very good, after trying both we'd definitely have rather had 2 fish.As others have mentioned the portions are pretty meager even for a tasting menu.  We actually talked about it after dinner and thought that maybe it was because we had a party of 3 instead of a party of 2 or 4 so they have trouble portioning the food and you end up getting the same amount of food a group of 2 might get.While overall the service was excellent, it was not perfect.  When we started our dining experience the bus boy would fill our water glasses and would guard against any splashes with a folded napkin, by the end of our meal he had gotten lazy and stopped guarding against the splash.  I noticed this in particular because water splashed onto my father's entree plate.   There was another instance when one of the hostesses was walking behind us, when a couple of other restaurant employees started up a conversation with her which was loud enough to distract me from my party.   Given the price of our meal, these are the kinds of things I expect to be perfect.At the end of the day, there are a lot of excellent restaurants here in Las Vegas and Bartolotta just falls short compared to the other restaurants in this price range.
2	The Valentine's Day Massacre...Dinner for 2, $600.  Only in Vegas.Of course we realized it would be pricey and I have no problem shelling out that kind of dough for good food.  A slightly belated, but muchly anticipated Valentine's Day Dinner was the occasion for this particular splurge.Nothing was bad and some was good, but for the reputation and expectation of this joint, we left less than under-whelmed.  The tasting menu was suggested by the waiter, of course, but I got the feeling he kinda lost interest in our table when we opted for tap water instead of a $16 bottle of Panna.The meal consisted of 3 rounds of food.  Each round was 4-5 items dumped on the table to be shared, quickly and robotically described by the backwaiter.  This is all seafood and by the time we got around to engulfing all of the food it was usually lifeless and cold.  I actually, literally, honestly threw up in my mouth after eating a chunk of frigid octopus.The somelier teased us away from a reasonably priced American Pinot Noir in favor of some Italian concoction of 3 varietals I'd never heard of before which happened to be twice the price of our choice and sorely lacking.Again, the food wasn't all bad, just mostly bad, unimaginative, expensive, poorly presented and served.  Other than that it was alright!  Poor Paul Bertolatta, a great chef turned indentured servant to Steve Wynn.  Hits:  shrimp, scallops, dessertsMisses:  penne pasta, risotto, fritto misto, serviceI would rate Bertolatta as a glorified banquet-like experience.
4	I'm going to review this based on what I can remember as I was in Vegas and well you know....so I gave it 4 stars because the food alone is worth that much but if I noticed the ambiance or the service a little more it would most likely be my first 5 star review. The decor was nice but unfortunately we didn't get to see the outside patio area...we had a reservation for 7:30 but had to wait for our whole party....for the 10 minutes that we waited we got a drink and chatted up the bartender...he was extremely nice and we asked him to make us a shot he thought we would like...no idea what was in it but it was delicious and it definitely did the job. the service was good but they were somewhat slow...and hardly came around after our ordering....but this could have been due to our group being a little louder than the usual patrons they see there. So about the food. They are known for their seafood but I had my heart set on the gnocchi....so my friend and I split the ribeye...an order of gnocchi and the seafood risotto.For a restaurant that specializes in seafood their ribeye was amazing...i had a foodgasm with every bite as it was so tender and juicy and very very flavorful and cooked to a medium rare perfection. It was huge so even with the hefty price tag it was worth it and 2 people could split it easily. They did not disappoint me with the gnocchi. It was a very simple dish but the gnocchi was cooked perfectly and with an added dash of freshly ground black pepper I was in heaven.The risotto also quite good. It was cooked well and the little bits of langoustines, scallops and calamari were fresh and tender.I wish I could recall more of this dining experience because the food really was fantastic and I'm sure it would have been better if I had 2 or 3 less cocktails that night......
5	Who would have thought you could get the best seafood in the dessert.  This is as close to real Italian seafood as I have ever tasted outside of Italy.  I was recently in Sicily and this was right on.  The fish was cooked to perfection and it was entertaining to watch the server fillet the cooked fish table side.  The appetizers were delicious with such fresh flavors.  I especially liked the sardines with lemon and oil (I've never even tried sardines before and these looked too good to pass up).  The seafood risotto was also excellent.I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a real taste of Italy.
5	Came here for dinner before watching La Reve.  Got the show/dinner package so 3 course prix fixe was $75 dollars, gratuities included.It was delicious.  The seafood was really fresh and well prepared.  I got the mixed seafood stew and the portion was heafty.  The risotto was done really well (with bits of shrimp) and the home-made ravioli that they rave about was on point as well.Definitely worth the money to get the dinner/show package.  Also, the ambiance was great - they seated us right by the window so we were able to enjoy the view of the koi pond down below.
5	I have to admit, I have been putting off this review.  I am not sure that my words can do this experience justice.  I almost feel like it is one of those "you have to try it to understand" spots.  The restaurant is extremely inviting and gorgeous.  Our waiter was Italian, which totally went with the theme of the night and gave you confidence that he communicated well with Mr. Bartolotta (who is actually in the kitchen).  My only complaint is that the sommilier was too busy.  There should have been more than one so that the wait for wine was not so long.  That is seriously my only complaint, which is not enough to take away from the food.  OMG, the FOOD!!!!!!Okay, here is the deal - skip the salad and go straight for the pasta to share as an appetizer.  Get a big portion and pass it around the table.  It is not worth filling an ounce of your belly with lettuce because the pastas deliver.  We ordered the lasagnette con ragu di crostacei - "rags" of pasta, lobster, shrimp, langoustines, crab, white wine, tomato.  It is an open faced lagasna with fresh seafood fillings.  A serious fan favorite.  We also shared the ravioli di ricotta con caciotta Toscana sheep's milk ricotta ravioli, Tuscan pecorino cheese, Marsala wine glaze, which was super rich and delicious.For dinner, we ordered the fresh fish.  We chose the Orata, which is light white fish and the salsa cruda, a tomato based sauce.  We split the fish among four of us.  We could not finish it.  It does not say on the menu, but the fresh fish option is served with fresh veggies and potatoes.  This is a lot of food but it is divine.  The fish was probably the best fish I have ever had.  Plus, watching them filet it tableside is an experience all of its own.  Yes, it is expensive, but this is Vegas and the Wynn...to quote Paula Abdoul, "it is what it is."  And, personally, I think it was worth every penny (even though I did not pay!).  This was a culinary highlight and I would highly recommend Bartolotta to anyone that does not mind forking over some serious cash for a sensational meal.
2	Service was below averageThe steak I had was just okayThe scallops appetizer was greatThere are better places to eat in Vegas imo.
3	For my girls and I, Vegas turned into one huge party (and why shouldn't it?)... the days transitioned into nights and then back into days without as much as a morsel of food or a decent hours rest. With only one night left to go before we all departed back to reality, we decided that one fabulous, decadent, end-all, be-all meal was a major necessity. So at the behest of many, Bartolotta in the Wynn Hotel was to be our epic (and singular) Vegas dining experience. I have very mixed feelings regarding our affair with Bartolotta... When making our reservation I had specifically requested their al fresco seating which from the photos looks amazing... Dining in cabanas, pond-side with gorgeous metal sculpture and miles of candlelight. Instead we were escorted to a large table indoors with 3 more seats than we had people, right inside the entrance to the restaurant in a small, secluded section with only one other occupied table. Bleh. Boring. Basic. When I asked why we were not accommodated as requested, the hostess said they don't guarantee seating and we were welcome to wait an hour (or more) for a table outside. Lame. Laughable. The Food and Wine was a mix of either just OK or good, rarely great. the Italian Mixed Salad was literally just a little plate of mesculan greens with no accompaniments. Why this is even on the menu is beyond me... a salad may be basic, but doesn't have to be completely uninspired. The octopus salad, however, was definitely a step up... fresh, lemony and light it really hit the spot despite being pretty skimpy portion-wise. We also sampled the appetizer portion of the gnocchi fonduta di pomodora (aka dumplings in vodka sauce).... Ehhh, again not thrilling, not overwhelming, not what I'd expect from a $16.00 bread sized plate of pasta. The true calling card signature dish at Bartolotta is the whole fish filleted and de-boned table-side... with choices ranging from Sea Bream, Snapper, Turbot and Sole - just pick a complimenting sauce (5 to select from) and off you go! They boast the fish is all flown in fresh directly from Italy and I don't doubt that, my usually discriminating taste buds just weren't able to discern the difference... our Sea Bass with Salmoriglio sauce did nothing to bowl me over with taste or texture. It was good. Not great. The accompanying zucchini and potato wedges were also just decent and honestly came off pretty amateurish for such a haughty menu.  Altogether, Bartolotta certainly beat the wheat thins and pringles I'd been living on for 3 days up to then, but it was not nearly the caliber of food or ambiance (at least indoors) for the price. I'm a gambling gal, and I'm putting my chips on SW Steakhouse next trip. I hear David Walzog has a vice grip on Paul Bartolotta (and his whole fish) and he's not letting go...
4	Tasting menu for $155 per person.  Sat at the bar.  Chatted it up with bartender and waiter.Overall, very tasty seafood.  They told us they have new shipments every day.  Got to sample a wide range of seafood and enjoyed each one.  Oddly though, the best thing they made - ribeye.My only complaint, the fish tended to be slightly overcooked.  Hey, I'm Chinese and I'm used to the very simple steamed fish served at Chinese restaurants.  You know, the ones that just barely crawl into "cooked" territory.  Well, this fish is just too cooked for my tastes.
3	The quality is incredible.The prices are high.The service is snooty.Admittedly this is one of the prettiest restaurants that I have ever eaten in and the fact that I didn't pay is another huge bonus.  With that said, however, despite not being a man with a huge appetite, I consumed bread, entree, and a dessert and was nowhere near full despite my own check coming in at close to $85 (Langostinos and Cheesecake.)There are better options in Vegas for the money, although perhaps not places with fresher fish.  I have heard that the restaurant has improved greatly since my visit in 2005 and am debating a return, but after watching Mario beat Mr. Bartolotta on Iron Chef, perhaps I'd be better off rekindling my love with Mr Batalli at B+B.
5	Perhaps some day I will enjoy a more wonderful dinner, perhaps the food will be better, the conversation, more interesting, the wine more amazing, the service more attentive.. Perhaps but until then I shall return to Bartolotta at The Wynn and re-live a perfect night! To everyone at Bartolotta who collaborated in symphonic perfection, thank you for a dinner of a lifetime!
3	The tasting menu is not worth the price.My table ordered the tasting menu and everything was tasty but nothing was incredible to match the $135 per person charge.  Many of the dishes were simple and spiked with lots of Parmesan cheese.  I love Parmesan but it's a cheap and easy way to make food taste good that can be matched across the street at Magianos.  They replaced the soft shell crabs with clams - a cheaper sub after claiming the crabs were too small.  The wine list is also very pricey with the cheapest option above $40.Come here for lots of attitude and some rather plain food.  It's good to impress but not for foodies.
4	I was impressed by the service and server's wine knowledge. The Chefs do an amazing job of capturing the essence of authentic Italian cuisine. True to non-buffet Vegas restaurants, Bartolotta is pricey. But the food and experience are worth it! Go ahead....indulge!
3	This was to be our featured restaurant of the trip. Unfortunately it didn't fulfill that lofty expectation.1st we had to wait 30 mins past our reservation though that could be in part to a rain/thunder storm closing the outdoor terrace. We were comped drinks while waiting.The main dining room is downstairs and it reminded me of going to Postrio's in San Francisco. Very nice interior.Our waiter wheeled out a cart displaying the fresh fish for that night and explained the types of fish and recommended how many a fish might serve. Unfortunately, that's were the service kinda ended. Our combos were:Sardines/Rib-Eye?/Rack of LambRisotto/Rack of LambBeef tartare/roasted Guinea henAll were good but the drop-off in attention ruined the over-all experience.After the initial pour we had to pour the rest of wine.We weren't checked in after our entrees came.Now all this actually happened after the restaurant became less full. In fact, by the time our entrees came, the restaurant was half full. Now unless they sent home half the staff too, you'd think they be around alittle more.Now, apologies from the main dining room manager.Hopefully a bad night but doubt I'd be back.
3	I understand the reason why the fish is expensive.  I can appreciate the fact that it is at the Wynn and the Koi water area is a very nice place to dine....HOWEVER...I will never, ever, ever pay $135 for a piece of cooked fish.  I just can't.  So we just got a bunch of pasta dishes and split a very nice octopus salad.  Those were all quite good but I would rather spend the $ at Mimmo Ferraro's instead of this place.
5	If you enjoy seafood and have $$$$ to spare, then Bartolotta if definitely a place to go while in Vegas.I was really impressed with the quality of the fish (they claimed it was flown in daily from the Med. sea), and the preparation was first rate. My boyfriend and I ordered a sample of a variety of different dishes; the lobster ravioli, octopus salad and fried anchovies were the most memorable of them. The quality of the pasta is excellent!I am not a big wine drinker but this place has a good selection. They also make very good mojitos....
4	we didn't have the opportunity to pay for dinner, but it's safe to assume you're looking at $100+/person w/o any drinks.they claim the fish is flown in fresh daily from Italy.  Not sure if Italian fish is better than any other fresh fish, but every restaurant needs their hook.Our host was from Norway (which is the world's #1 exporter of Salmon), so he knows his fish, and so we followed his lead in ordering a type of snapper that was prepared in salt bake fashion.i've heard of salt bake dishes, but never tried it before.I'll tell you i'm a convert.  Salt bake is the way to go.  keeps the fish extremely moist and tender, and imparts the perfect amount of saltiness (the salt crust is on the outside, and the skin protects the salt from becoming over powerful, but the salt crust basically steams the fish inside its own juices).however, for what i'm guess was about $60/person for the fish, it was a 2 oz. serving.  i'm serious.  a can of tuna would be extremely filling in comparison.but it was the best 2 oz. of fish i've had.  there was a simple potato side dish which was very tasty and had a nice outside crust.needless to say i was still starving after dinner (this was a 3 hour business dinner, so there's much more talking than eating), but a great restaurant if you're really into fish and don't mind paying a premium for the experience.
4	A fun place for dinner. I've sat at the bar and sat downstairs to eat, both are enjoyable. The bartender was funny and full of great stories -Der that's a prerequisite isn't it? Downstairs was elegant yet fun as well. If you're going to complain about spending money for food go to McD's for a fish fillet -IT'S DINING! not eating. Wine list was good, obviously seafood and Italian limits your options but overeating was prepared to perfection. Have to recommend the calamari, I usually stay away from recommending dishes but it was outstanding. Romantic-SI, a large group -SI, it's at WYNN so you cannot go wrong.
1	This is quite possibly the worst meal / dining experience we've ever had.A group of business colleagues and I went to Bartlotta on Wednesday for dinner. We had made reservations a few weeks in advance.Upon arrival, we were seated in the entry hall of an otherwise empty restaurant.  We were initally given menus, and a waiter came to our table about 10 minutes after we arrived. While we had observed him interacting with other guests - presenting the fish cart with fresh options for the day, explaning specials - he simply greeted us with a "are you ready, girls?"  He was disrespectful and inappropriate.We placed our order (bottle of wine - which was great, first courses and mains) and asked for limes to accompany our sparkling water. Actually getting the limes proved to be quite the feat - after asking our waiter (no success), we asked the busboy (no success), another waiter (no success) and the bartender (no success). Finally, after asking our waiter again, we were given three shriveled, dry limes.First courses were fine - salads, the parm custard. No complaints here.The main courses, however, were horrific.  Two of us had ordered an entree sized pasta - the butternut squash ravioli.  What came out was unfortunately not ravioli - it was tortelli. The entree sized portion was only about 8 tortellini.  The menu had described the dish as being in a light brown butter. Our pasta dishes were covered in a thick layer of something crunchy that tasted and resembled brown sugar. Our overwhelming impression was that we were actually eating a dessert course.The other guest at our table got a mixed seafood pasta. Again, underwhelming. The dish was sweet, with very little pieces of seafood and a thick cream sauce. During dinner, service was again spotty. Our waiters has problems remembering to refill our wine glasses, but became upset when we attempted to do so ourselves.We ordered a dessert to share (the Lemon cake w/ Rosemary Gelato), and again, the quality of the food was less than thrilling.  We got out the credit card to pay and waited, and waited, and waited. The waiter walked by our table plenty of times - and while it was clear we had abandoned our dessert and our wine glasses were empty - he did not provide a bill until we sought him out and asked for it. All of us agreed that we had had better service and food at any chain Italian restaurant. For a restaurant that apparently is regarded in such high esteem (AAA stars, Michelin star) - we were completely disappointed with our experience and will never return.
3	3.5 stars, at best? I hate to give Bartolotta such a low score, especially since my friend is a chef there, but I gotta be honest. I don't know who decided to stick Bartolotta right in the middle of the shops. Sure the view of the fountain is fantastic... if you get seated there. But since it was a slow night they closed the lower levels and we got seated right up front and center--right next to the maitre d poduim with a fantastic view of Oscar De La Renta! The service was attentive and moderately pushy. My guest wanted a single glass of cabernet sauvignon, NOT an entire bottle! Now onto the food...To start, we ordered the:-Seared scallops: They. were. phenomenal. Exceptionally tender (not tough or chewy), mildly sweet, and full of flavor. They honestly tasted a bit like fine sashimi. We were incredibly low brow that night and scraped that plate clean!-Assorted fried Mediterranean fish: We all were mesmerized by the fish cart, but obviously couldn't afford to order every type of fish. We figured having a little bit of each, battered and deep fried, was not a bad trade off. However, much to our dismay, the fried fish turned out to be nothing more than a fried calamari appetizer with a SPECKLING of fish. Not memorable at all.For our entrees, we ordered the (sorry, forgot the Italian names):-Rack of lamb: *drool* I sampled off my guest's plate ALL night. Even if it's not their specialty, Bartolotta served some rocking lamb. I highly recommend it.-Penne with eggplants and scorpion fish: Is it wrong to say that I liked this dish better 2 hours later when I was eating it out of the leftovers box? I did however LOVE the way the eggplant was cooked. It was sliced thinly and fried into eggplant french fries!!! The pasta itself was pretty delicious, but nothing special. Call it blasphemous, but I felt the scorpion fish tasted like plain ol' tilapia. Meh.-Scallop and seafood risotto: Very rich. Tasted like a mouthful of cream. Skip it.The bill came out to be around $260 with tip. Definitely would've wanted to spend that money elsewhere since I didn't feel like we got a 5 star meal for this price. Note: My chef friend heads up the fish pastas and HIGHLY recommends the lobster dish with "rags" of pasta. If I ever decide to go back, I would order that.
5	Pricey menu but the food overall is spectacular. The beef tartare is a MUST try.  It is so unbelievably finely chopped--I can't believe it's not butter! Skip the sheep's milk ricotta ravoli (too "goaty" smelling in my opinion) and opt for the Lasagnette Con Ragu Di Crostacei recommended instead. Can't pronounce it? Just point to it! =)  Just don't let the name prevent you from ordering this dish. The homemade pasta is superb; it just melts in your mouth and makes you not ever want to eat pasta al dente ever again. The flavors of lobster, crab, and shrimp are balanced perfectly and are not overpowering. Pairing this dish with a glass of Kerner made for a heavenly culinary experience.
4	i dined here a few weeks ago, during my stay at the Wynn.  Bartolotta is near the shops at the Wynn.  I dined with a party of 7, however, one of the members of our group was not exactly dressed well -- the waitress provided him with a dinner jacket.I got a large Lasagnette con Ragu di Crostacei, which was delicious -- and so fresh.Great place for a date or a business dinner, but we warned, this place is pricey!
5	Absolutely an experience more than just a meal! I truly can't think of any meal that was as amazing as what we had here.  We enjoyed it so much that we even came back the next night!Our server was very knowledgeable on everything and you could tell had a passion for the food...ask for Lucciano, trust me that you will be in good, honest handsI could go on and on about this place but I will keep it brief, but I will say one more thing...the olive oil they serve with the food is Unbelievable!! I could of drank it out of the bottle  and been beyond content with that alone. The flavor was so clean and refreshing which are not words I would typically use to describe  olive oil. Yummy...I'm not going to lie, it is the most expensive meal we have ever had but would sacrifice a pair of shoes to do it again!
2	I was in Vegas recently and had dinner here. The appetizers were fantastic, especially the squid salad. But I felt that I was totally ripped off with the flown-in-from-Italy fresh fish. I was charged $135 for a small sea bass. Obviously, the cooks at this place and many of the reviewers, have never had fish Asian style. I live in the heart of Chinatown in New York City and I am surrounded by fresh fish markets. Whenever I want to eat fish, I go and point to a live one in the tank. I can buy the same sea bass that I had at Bartolotta for maybe $10 or less. Who taught the chefs at Bartolotta how to cook fish? It was so overcooked that it did not matter where this fish was from or how fresh it was. It was rendered tasteless. I watched in shock as my waiter dissected the fish and took away some of the best parts of the fish, namely the skin, the head, the fatty meat in the stomach area. What a waste! I have dined at some of the best places all across the country and by far this is one meal that I truly regret paying for.
5	Outstanding!  The Italian Seafood theme works well at Bartolotta.  We eaten there twice.  The Menu di Paranza is by far the best offering--a twelve course seafood meal for $135. [Jan 2009 prices] Don't let the sticker shock fool you.  You get your value filled with wonderful flavors and tastes.   Let's see, 5 appetizers, 3 pastas, one fresh fish, 3 desserts...yep, that's 12 courses.  The portions are allocated in the right sizes so you are not stuffed, yet at the same time, have plenty of room for the three dessert selections!
4	Excellent, excellent, excellent. Our waiter was very Italian which added to the already nice ambiance :)He recommended a great course, the sommelier did a fantastic job picking out a great wine for us to pair with our meal. My party left full and happy, I shall be returning for seconds!
5	Best lobster of my life!  Seriously, the slippery rock lobster is amazing and I would come back for this alone.Ok had to put that out there first.  My boyfriend and I cam here to celebrate his birthday weekend.  Our experience was impeccable and above our expectations.  First off, they gave us special seating (and it wasnt even his exact day, but within a day or two).  Everyone greeted us by name when we walked in and said happy birthday to my boyfriend.  The servers were extremely friendly and knowledgeable and yes, actually from Italy.  Timing was always perfect.  The sommelier was extremely friendly and helpful (totally unlike our experience at Switch).  The service was happy to work with us and make our experience unique. by working out various options on food and wine to maximize our desires and leave comfortable time to make Le ReveMy boyfriend and I had an excellent ravioli dish that could stand alone on it own terms.  But, really the lobster was where its at.  We had two kinds of lobster, but get the slippery rock lobster! It has an especially intense flavor and is incredible succulent.  Our dessert was great, and they even brought out a perfectly decadent chocolate molten cake (it topped many other desserts at other places) for free! Yes, on the house.  And to top it off happy birthday was written on the plate with beautiful and intricate calligraphy like writing.  Really, we could not have had a better experience here. Yes, it was expensive, but well worth it.Next time I am in Vegas, Bartolotta will be on my list of musts!
3	I should start by saying that my biggest problem with this restaurant the is price. Our dinner was good and we were served very well. We were led down to our table by a young guy in a suit. There were many guys in suits. It shocked the crap out of us when one of them started talking into his sleeve like secret service. That was weird. Another guy in a suit wheeled a glass topped case in front of our table and began telling us about the restaurant and the fish specialties. This was one of the weirdest, most awkward dudes I have ever had approach any table in any restaurant. He rambled on and on and on and. . . Finally he left us and the sommelier came around to take our wine order. Then our server came by to find out what we wanted to eat. Through the whole dinner we had the sommelier, two guys in suits (I still don't know what those guys do.), three servers and two bus boys.  It was Valentines Day and we would have liked some more time to spend together.For food (Yes, I'm gonna' get around to talking about food.) we started with the duck liver mousse and the octopus salad. Both of which were outstanding. The duck liver mousse was unbelievable. It was served with brioche. My girlfriend said that she wanted it for her entree. Perfect texture. The bread brought to the table was very good. It's baked fresh on site in the hotel. For dinner my girlfriend ordered the fruite di mare with pasta. It was very nice. I ordered the lamb chops. They were served with jus, potatoes, carrots and peas. Really? For $56? Two of the four chops were well cooked past my medium rare order. When I get into the last chop I realize they gave me the end cut. Why would you give me the end cut if I ordered medium rare? For $56. We sampled a few desserts. One of them was a lemon tart with tuille cookie over the top. It was served with a rosemary ice cream and balsamic reduction. As we ate through the tart we realized there was lemon curd in the center that flowed out when we cut into it. Very nice. We were served samples of three gelatos, three sorbets and three granites. All of which were very good. Again, the dinner was very good besides it being somewhat pedestrian, the restaurant was beautiful and we were treated very well. It just seemed like a lot of money to pay for food that wasn't outstanding.
5	For my 100th review, I wanted to Yelp an establishment worthy of being on one of my lists...specifically, my "The Worthy Ones" list (5 star playas ONLY, please). Without further ado...Simply put, Bartolotta is absolutely fantastic.This is a gorgeous restaurant with top-notch service. The waiters not only know the menu like the back of their hand, they can eloquently craft (and tell!) the story of how your dinner made its way to the table.Sure, it's a 4-dollar sign establishment, but it's also 5-stars when it comes to taste and service. One of the dishes consisted of half a dozen shrimp, imported directly from Italy (I think they're called "gamberi"?). Another dish was the gnocchi of the day...with a house-made creamy vodka marinara sauce. YUM. Oh...and sitting next to 6 NBA players helped too. :) Now I can say that me and DWill go WAY back. :)
3	I'm not going to be nice. The only reason for the 3 stars is service, gnocchi, me dad loved his meal... maybe I should give 4 stars but I just can't. This place is very pretentious. I would never venture in here without my dad, or somebody equally knowledgeable/ slash wealthy. I don't want to go back, but I would not turn down if someone else was paying. We had a wonderful table looking over the rest of the diners and then of course the beautiful windows, but that is despite the point. Drinks.. once again my signature roy rogers, my dad stella. I do not remember if the served bread, nevertheless lets get on to the meal. Gnocchi. oh man their gnocchi is the only reason I would spend money here again. Wow.. everyone must try their fabulous gnocchi. I do not remember what my dad got, but he was pleased. Next I had the lobster. How can you go wrong with lobster... you can. First it was like $60 per ounce or whatever is is they weigh lobster with. I say this is fine and order. You have to order at least 4 of those $60 per... that is $200 my plate alone. ya. if I would of known this ahead of time I would of chose much much differently. I received the ridiculous amount of lobster. had a bite and ugh. NO no no no. I ate it cause I felt bad. I ate $200 lobster because I felt bad. What! that is so wrong. My dad can afford it but I'm a college student. I spend $200 on groceries like a month. Ya needless to say I should of had something else. I'm just so glad I didnt get sick. Our meal was ridiculously overpriced, but my company was good and he loved his meal. For that alone 3 stars.
2	Outside table seating - amazingFood - if only 1 person is ordering fish then be prepared to get an older filet and the servers do not know anything about the fish with regards to it fat content, texture, taste, flakiness etc etc etc. They do have a decent selection for vegetarians and hence i give it a goodService - so so. Complain Complain Complain to get good service or be a high roller.waiting over 40 minutes for the Sommelier- not worth more than the rating i give this placeOn a side note: table next to us complained of service and wanted to be treated the same as the high rollers.
3	We are in a recession, correct?  So why is that the food portions here are insultingly tiny but the prices are set so high that even hedge fund owners who spend the money dining here would later ask for a bailout? *ZING!* Inside, this place is VERY NICE.  It's absolutely gorgeous inside with a mood that befits all out class that previously, only former AIG employees could indulge in. And you know it's serious high end when a dress code is strictly enforced.  I'm totally down to spend the money at a nice expensive restaurant, but when the prices are this high , I begin setting really REALLY R-E-A-L-L-Y HIGH expectations on the food.  Especially when the smug waiter kept reminding us that the portions are very small and to really get your food's worth, look to spend minimum $40-60.  We get it.  You want us to blow our cash and go crazy...and tip you mucho.Just to benchmark, I looked for the cheapest offering. $17 for "appetizer spaghetti" and meatsauce?  Double-down for double the portions (That's $34)?  Goddamn, that better be some high-end Kobe beef they put into this shiznet, with fresh-made noodles and sauce 'cuz this place is ballerrrrrr.  I couldn't tell, but there wasn't any baller meat for sure. I admit the noodles tasted good, but for all I know I could very well have been eating Chef Boyardee "Premium Select" canned pasta and still be duped.  Seafood? it's fresh but I've had it equally as fresh for much cheapper...c'mon, I'm Asian! If you're gonna con me $100 for seafood, just hand me the fish alive and I'll bite right into it...now THAT's as fresh as things can get.Service was slow.  We were there for over 2 hours, most of the time waiting.  And even our buffet sessions don't last that long. At least they were friendly.
4	4 stars or 4 $$$$?  the answer is both.the crowd was for the most part older and conservative. but the life of the party was right at the bar and his name was "rich."why the high costs?  part of the money is for the beautiful view and decor but the coolest cost goes to tracking the fish shipments as they are delivered from the mediterranean.i like big and bold wines so the i'll borro 05 toscana was just that but theyounger 07 dolcetto d'alba was smooth but felt high in tannins.1. the sauteed clams with tomato sauce, garlic, white wine and parsley was very tasty.  good enough to sop up the broth with bread.2. the lasganette pasta with lobster, shrimp, white wine and tomato was good but the pasta was sadly overcooked.3. the fish is always good to share since the portions are large but they do carry a special of the day where they have individual filets.  that night, they carried the gallinella which is similar to a light sole.  unfortunately, the garlic overpowered it.  only the texture from the artichoke and the acidity from the tomato saved the dish.sadly, there was no time for dessert as we had a show to catch.  sniff.despite some little misses, the overall experience was just wonderful.
3	I am giving this 3.5 stars and rounding down.After Chef Bartolotta won the James Beard award for the Southwest I made a reservation here.We started with some soft shell crabs and I was very disappointed.  I have had a lot of softshell crab recently because it is in season, but this one was not that good.  Not sure if it was the crab or the preparation but it was definitely not juicy like it should be and it was a little too crunchy.  I ordered his "signature" ravioli and my companion ordered something like spaghetti with meat sauce (sorry I don't remember the name).  The ravioli was very, very rich. Too rich for me and I like rich foods.  The other pasta, however was excellent.  Then the star of the meal and what they're famous for is the fish from the Mediterranean Sea which they bring in daily.  They offer a wide variety of fish, preparations, and sauces.  I went with the sea bream and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Perfectly executed and I really enjoyed the sauce with fresh tomatoes in it.  The tomatoes tasted like San Marzanos.The service was pretty good.  Our main server was very helpful and knowledgeable but the other one who comes by to fill the water and other stuff was slow.  I was thirsty throughout the meal but couldn't figure out where she hid our water bottle.  I can't remember if we got dessert.  Total bill for two was $250  (no alcohol).  I'll probably be going back - I wanna try more of their pasta.  Maybe I'll order it from the bar if that's allowed.
2	Okay, I'll be the first to admit that I am not of the tax bracket that enjoys meals frequently at Michelin rated fine dining establishments BUT when a special occasion calls for it I'm usually pleased as punch to drop the extra change on an uber-fab dining experience. We went to Bartolotta for a girlfriend's birthday two weeks ago and let me tell you the decor is GORGEOUS, much of the dining area looks more like private outdoor cabanas (which is where we enjoyed our meal), the service was good, not great, our waiter was friendly but did spill some of my wine on my arm while pouring and had the busboy come back to check on us after the food was delivered to think of it he didn't even handle our payment. But let's talk about what's really important here - the food. Okay, so the prices on the menu are MORE than intimidating - they charge by the ounce for the fish! And they're whole fish - no room for "I'd like a 3 ounce serving please" but it was my friends birthday so we ordered the sole that was served over sauteed spinach - it was only decent - when you figure in the price for the only decent sole ($110) it was really POOR. There were six of us total and we all agreed that the best part of the meal by far was the fantastic Italian desserts - not great news considering this is a SEAFOOD restaurant. One final note, do not order the langastine - they are $15 EACH and smelled like they'd been sitting out too long.
2	I was at the Encore last week for a work function and my company split everyone up at the conference to go to the different high end resturants at the Wynn and Encore. Now I don't like seafood and Italian cuisine is not my favorite so when I found out that I was scheduled to eat dinner here I was a little disaopinted. But I decided to suck it up and not complane and enjoy the expienrence.We ended up dining in one of their private rooms and we ended up eating family style. I have to say that I was underwhelmed with the whole experience. The food looked like something my family would make at home  and the service was pretty slow. I had to flag down our server several times to get a drink. It was almost like someone told them not give me alcohol. (Probably my bosses since they know me too well).
4	I heard a lot about Bartolotta so I wanted to dine there for my 23rd birthday. I made a reservation 2 months in advance and requested an outdoor cabana. The hostess said that she couldn't guarantee a cabana, but she would make a note of it. This was pretty understandable to me considering the restaurant is busy, popular and diners like to lounge lagoon side for hours. We show up early for our reservation and I was told that a cabana was not open and that we would have to wait for one and she didn't know how long that would be. I agreed, and headed over to the bar to have drinks. The bartender was very nice and time flew while talking to him. He even named a drink after me!  After over an hour, we were finally seated at a cabana (at 10pm).So down to business. The food was good, however whether or not it was worth the price is debatable. We dined on beef tartar, seared scallops, spaghetti all scoglio and the pan seared rib-eye. All in all, the food was good, but it wasn't amazing. Perhaps in order to experience amazing, we should have ordered the fresh "flown in daily from the Mediterranean" fish (which is $15 for every 3 oz, and I wasn't interested in spending $100 for a fish), or a tasting menu. However, I do expect VERY good for a restaurant like this, considering it s a Michelin rated restaurant. The best part of it was the dessert (and I rarely order dessert at any restaurant because I don't care for it much). They brought out a slice of cake (on the house) for my birthday and pistachio, coffee, and vanilla gelato. The gelato was probably the best I have had. It was perfect in texture, temperature and flavor. On the upside, I enjoyed the service and the atmosphere was amazing. Bartolotta is great for celebrating a special event, such as a birthday or an anniversary. Be prepared to spend here, for the atmosphere, and definitely request a cabana. I'm not sure what it's like during the day time, but at night it's gorgeous and it really enhances the dining experience.
2	This place is incredibly overrated.  If you're thinking of checking this place out, I recommend just forking over a few more dollars for a worthwhile meal at Le Cirque.  First off, when we went to get a table, the hostess asked my boyfriend and I if we were wearing inappropriate clothing.  However she did not ask any of the other people waiting this question.  She then proceeded to seat us far away from other customers.  We think she did it because we were on the younger end of their customer base.  Regardless, other high end Vegas restaurants (including some at the Wynn) don't do this and this place shouldn't have.We both ordered a pasta appetizer to start off with.  In addition to the wine, this was one of the highlights of the meal.  I had the spaghetti with meat sauce and my companion had the gnocci.   Both were excellent but pricey (15-20 for a small bowl).  The entrees were disappointing.  I had the fillet and my boyfriend had the rack of lamb.  Both were mediocre at best.  My fillet was suppose to have been medium but came out well done.  Again nothing spectacular except the price.  We were so disappointed that we skipped dessert and got the hell out of Dodge.If you're looking for a fancy meal with good ambiance, skip this place.  I highly recommend other restaurants such as Le Cirque or Daniel Boulud instead of this waste of space.  Even the Wynn Buffet was better than this place.
3	As a party of four little asian girls, we certainly felt out of place here, surrounded by what looked like old sugar daddies and their arm candy for the night.  But, we decided to make the most of it and ordered the tasting menu.  We knew we were gonna drop some bills at dinner, so why not do it the right way, ya know?  The food was very well prepared.  Our server was understanding and let us swap out some of the pastas on the menu for others that we were more interested in sampling.  He suggested a fish in tomato sauce that was amazing.  But the ultimate was the dessert.  They brought out like 8 different gelato flavors!  All in all a good meal, and an interesting experience.  Just not really my cup of tea - esp for the $150 we each dropped for the bill! Next time, if we ever go back, will just go for dessert and drinks.
5	We had such a great time eating at Bartolotta on night three of our recent Vegas vacation.  We sallied up to the empty bar for an early supper, and damn if that bartender was not the best dining companion I had all weekend with the exception of Carrie and my husband. That only leaves one person out, and I leave him out because he was a little cranky pants all weekend.Onto the food.  DH first ordered some seafood pasta to tide him over until the friends arrived. DELISH! With a very light tomato sauce and rock lobster. Lobsterlicious.I started with the steak tartare, best I have ever had, I swear. With a lovely little frisee side salad and toasted Italian bread points. I know Bartolotta is a seafood man, but this tartare was delightful.DH had a second pasta course, a beef course with a lovely brown gravy, I had the seafood risotto appetizer and Carrie ate  something that I cannot recall but I recall her loving it.I started with a glass of white and moved onto red. Both times the bartender indulged me by recommending wine for me and letting me try two options before committing.  He should be Knighted. He's a prince among thieves, a man among swine, a bartender controlling the alcohol around people who like to drink.  I miss him.
4	The first time I ate here a few years ago, I didn't remember much of the experience. I'm glad I had a chance to go back, particularly at the Taste of Wynn prices.  The tasting menus still offer a nice variety, but at a smaller price tag.The restaurant is beautiful and our service was great.Seafood Risotto: Filled with seafood, well prepared. I would have preferred a bit more salt (or cheese) and maybe some pepper (although the pepper would've overpowered the delicate fish).Sauteed Prawns with tomatoes and cannelini beans (this one isnt usually on the menu, but it was that night; cant look up the specifics of it): really flavorful and fresh. Good combination of flavors.Oven Baked Fish: As expected with the fresh fish the Chef has flown in, this was quite good. Well prepared, flavorful, etc.Abruzzi Seafood Stew: Packed with fish and flavor!Bucatini Amatriciana: This dish brought us back to Rome. I've still never had it as good as I did in Italy, but this one was close. The desserts were super intense (in a good way). We were too full and could only taste themThe highlight of the evening was when Chef Bartolotta himself came over to talk to us! We chatted about the fish and about how instead of your standard pancetta, he uses pork jowls (as he says is the way to do it in Italy) for his Amatriciana. He seemed a bit shy, but was wonderfully kind. It was a great dinner and a great night.
2	Bartolotta; ahhhh, what can I say about it?    I had reservations at 7:45pm just the other day and was very excited to try Bartolotta for the first time. Upon arrival, at 7:30pm, we (my wife and I) were greeted very warmly by the beautiful hostesses at the entrance. My wife respectfully requested that we sit at a table next to the glass windows and have a great view of the lake outside. The hostess replied that it would not be a problem and that they will clear a seat for us there. With excitement, we sat at the bar and waited until our designated reservation time arrived.    The bar was elegant and plenty of seats were available for the taking. We decided to sit at the end of the bar closest to the servers station which was a monumental mistake! Sitting there, you experience a front row seat to the inner-workings of the restaurant and the stress levels between the servers and bartender. This began to ruin my initial perception of an upscale restaurant and I began to seriously doubt my decision to eat there. We sat there a little uncomfortable and we snickered with the bartender and made a few quirky remarks to help reduce the tension in the room and evening. Clearly, better training of the staff needs to be addressed!   Finally, our hostess came to our rescue and guided us to our seat. Remember our request to sit at a table next to the glass windows that overlook the lake? That request was ignored despite her confirmation! We could not have sat any farther from the windows. In fact, we didn't even sit on the same floor as the windows. It was as if we asked the hostess, "Excuse me Madam, I realize that we are dressed very appropriately for the evening, because, you see, we are looking to experience an evening of delight and wonder; however, will you please ignore anything we ask from this point further and seat us at the table closest to the common restrooms in the Casino floor next to the penny slots?". Needless to say, we were severely disappointed at the selection of our table. I will say that the benefit we got from sitting at that particular table was that it was situated within reaching distance to the servers station where, upon request, we can collect our bill for the night rather quickly and shuffle out the door just as fast!   As we sat and began to become comfortable with the ambient sounds of servers joking with bussers, a Server's Attendant came to our side and introduced our menu for the evening. It was a fine menu with a lot of delicious sounding seafood entrees. After a minute or two, the actual server arrived to explain the menu and SHOW us a display of their fish selection inside of a glass case on a trolley. It was very impressive to see fresh ingredients displayed on ice in a beautiful and respectful way. Most places will show you some dead fish laying lifeless across a cutting board; however, Bartolotta displayed their fish selection tastefully and carefully to make them look like the fish were trained to lay still on a bed of ice.      We finally ordered our three course menu. I won't bore you by listing off every entree in its own paragraph, so, I will just list what I had and what my wife had with a few remarks.A side note that greatly influence my negative experience, I received a glass of wine that was cracked, badly! So bad, it WILL cut your lip severely! I showed it to the manager and she was very apologetic and replaced it immediately. I can't believe that they did not catch it before giving it to me. After all was said and done, they still charged me for it instead of taking it off my bill. All $16 of it! I should have made a huge fuss!Appetizers:    1) Handrolled Spaghetti in a Tomato and Basil sauce - The Pasta was cooked al Dente and the sauce was delicious   2) Seafood Risotto - The Risotto was cook al Dente and strong seafood flavors stood out by themselves. Great!Main Entree:   1) Beef Medallion in a Barbera wine sauce - The beef was cooked medium and was flavorful; however, the steak was a little dry. Overall, a great entree and highly recommend!   2) Seafood stew - Very good! Extremely delicate but full of flavor and seafood!Dessert:    1) Milk Chocolate Mousse with Espresso Gelato - I really enjoyed this. My wife loved it! Recommend Highly!   2) Lemon Cake w/ Rosemary Gelato - AMAZING! Never had Rosemary gelato but I would kill to have it again! While eating this, I forgot all of our troubles! They should have kept feeding me this. A must have!    Despite the great food, I will not go there again because of the service. It was the pit of my weekend in Vegas.
2	after much decision, me and my party of four decided to have dinner here.  They offter pasta appetizers which are doubled if you want it as an entree.  the appetizers we had were amazing... seared sea scallops with imported porcini mushrooms, caprese salad, and duck liver mousse with black truffle.  Each dish was amazing..  I highly recommend the first and last.  midway through our appetizers, the alarm in the restaurant went off followed by a continuous LED light that kept on flashing and flashing. ( think of a strobe light at the clubs).  It was horrible.  All the guests in the second floor of the restaurant had to cover their eyes.  sadly we sat right below the light. This went on for 15 minutes.  During that time, none of the waiters or managers came to apologize or say anything about it, but continued on as if there was nothing wrong.  Apart from the blinding light, every 10 seconds there was a voice recorded lady speaking from the speaker that went something like... "We are trying our best to find out the problem of the situation.  Please wait as we find the reason for this inconvenience."  Couldn't they at least turn off the strobe lights???our entrees finally came and by that time we were all full and wanted to leave.  The manager kept taking away our UNfinished plates! i was so mad!!  this happened to me twice here! One time i was digging in with my fork and he took it away! WTF! the food here is good, pricey, small portioned and the service is horrible!
4	One of the best fish dinners I've ever had. That's probably the best summary I could write about this restaurant. I mean, you can stop right there. I won't...but you could.My wife and I were seated outside right by the waterfall. It offers a fantastic view and setting for what would be a fantastic evening.  Ok, let's get down to it.. the food is serious.  Classic italian preparation on some of the freshest fish I've ever had in my llife...and I live in NJ. Yes, this restaurant in a state that doesn't border an ocean has some amazing fish which I hear is flown in every morning fresh from the days catch.  If so, that's ridiculous and awesome.I had a whole snapper prepared simply, yet sinfully. Oil, fresh herbs, garlic, tomato based broth, done. He let the fish speak for itself, and if the fish could speak it would thank the chef for what they did to it's lifeless body.  Ok, I'm getting away from the food now.Now this isn't for the feint of wallet.  You are looking at $150/person once you factor in apps, and drinks.  Be prepared for that, but it's Vegas, you'll win it back..right?Oh, and the Wynn hotel and Encore are insanity personified.
3	We were on a time crunch for dinner and randomly found Bartolotta that would be able to take 13 of us with no wait.We were seated in a beautiful private room to the right of the bar and were all super excited to be dining there.  For pasta, the price is way too high, however, the ambiance, service, and taste are all up to par with the status of the Wynn Hotel so I guess you can't expect to pay less.I highly recommend the Risotto appetizer and the Chicken entree.  Both are cooked to perfection.  The lasagna is also scrumptious.  I think everything else is pretty mediocre so just take your time to breathe in scenery and ambiance.  If you are looking for a great meal, relax, order a salad, an appetizer pasta and one of their famous fish entree's.  If I come back, I am definitely going to have to try their fish.If you want to drink alcohol, expect to fork out a Benjamen.
3	I was really excited when I read about this place.  Dinner with a James Beard award winner that combines Seafood imported daily from the mediterannean?  How could you go wrong?The view, just like everything in the Wynn is breathtaking!  Seriously, I can't think of a more descriptive word to describe it.  We sat outside under the cabana beside the koi pond.  And, it was just like being on the Capri coast.  You can do the chef tasting menu for $140 pp or whole fish selections that range about $60 with different sauce preparations.  I started with the parmeggiano-reggiano souffle with fresh peas and asparagus.  It was interesting, but not WOW!  I'm eating a James Beard award winner here!I then had the linguni with clams.  It was kinda bland and lacked flavor.  I had very few clams as well.  The pasta was kinda dry too, so I don't think it was worth the $30 for the dinner portion of the pasta app dish.  Everyone was kinda underwhelmed by the whole experience and disappointed because we thought our tastebuds were going to be tantalized but instead we were traumatized.
3	FANCY.My party of 13 gals got our own private room which was BEAUTIFUL and overlooked the glamorous pool outside.  The service was excellent as well.  However:I opened up the menu and saw $140 for prefix.  Then opened the page again and saw a selection of pastas ranging from $20 - $29.  Then I found out that they were APPETIZERS and if you want an entree portion you have to double the price.  Yikes!I ended up choosing the $29 chicken.  (You will know I made the big time when I stop putting prices in my Yelp reviews or even caring about prices...but until then, you can assume I am B-R-O-K-E!)Anyway, the $29 chicken.  It had excellent flavor and I think it was meant to be heavy.  The chicken thigh and breast were cooked with the skin on, and they were put on top of some porcini mushrooms, also heavily drizzled in a heavy sauce.  Great flavor, but again, it was heavy so if you are not used to grease, probably try to stay away from this selection.This is definitely an interesting restaurant with an interesting selection of fish, but I'll have to come back when I have some more $$.
4	This is probably the fanciest restaurant I have ever been in!We stayed at the Wynn for 5 days and wanted to go to one of the nicer restaurants on our last night. It was pricey, but it was a full on dinner "service". We were in a private area overlooking one of the waterfalls and basically had a waiter standing 2 steps away the whole time incase we needed anything.  I am not a big seafood fan, but everything I tried was delicious and so fresh. Their wine selection was also incredible. I would recommend this to anyone on vacation, looking for a fancy night out, but be prepared on spending at least $150 per person.
5	I am shocked at the horrible reviews. After living in Italy for 8 years, I have spent the last 13 looking for octopus salad and this was the only restaurant I have found so far that has it. I knew this establishment was authentic when the sommelier (or I guess the "waiter # 1" most people are referring to...) and the very helpful, informative waiter spoke to me in Italian. After much conversation, I learned that the waiter was from Milan and has served at several other reputable restaurants in NYC and the sommelier was a young woman from Rome.We had the $140 pp prix fix and I found it to be a great deal. The fish is flown in from Italy daily, and in fact, I haven't had seafood cooked and taste like this since my last time in Sicily. This is the real deal.We started with the 4 appetizers. The scallops on the porcini mushrooms was heaven. Porcini mushrooms are very rare and difficult to find in the US and I was EXTREMELY impressed to find them fresh cut paired with this dish. Usually in the U.S. they can only be found dried!The octopus salad was also very delicious but I have to admit I prefer the one in Italy because it's served as a real salad, not just paired with potatoes. The clams were very delicious, full of flavor. Our last appetizer, the arugola salad was very yummy and light - perfect pairing.Our main course consisted of seafood risotto, pasta, and ravioli. I could instantly taste that the ravioli used hand-made dough - which was also impressive. The risotto was cooked to perfection and the pasta was al dente. Everything was perfect.Finally we had our second course which was the fish. I was impressed with the generous serving and also the side dishes of the zucchini and onion&tomato topping on the fish. The contrast of the vegetables with the clean, fresh taste of the fish was amazing.And finally, the three desserts, which made our neighbors very envious, was also rich in flavor and delicious. I especially enjoyed the home made gelato & sorbet trio combo as well as the panacotta with berries...All in all, one of the best Italian restaurants I have been to in the United States and I can't wait to try Bartolotta's sister restaurant, San Domenico in NYC soon...
2	hMm I think the word is....unimpressed.We should've taken the hint when this was the only restaurant in Vegas on Saturday night that had reservations available for 8 PM.  But nonetheless we were amazed at our luck and we thought we were so clever to find such a beautifully decorated restaurant at Wynn that people hadn't discovered yet.  The seared scallops were very delicious.  But it pretty much ends at that.  I had like, a seafood pasta or something.  We had the duck pate mousse which was good but the liver taste was a little too livery.  It was that unmemorable.  I remember it was not horrible but nothing extraordinary either.  The most memorable part of our night was when the alarm went off!  Yeah! Strobe light and blasting alarm noises for 20 minutes!  That is exactly how I want my $70 spent on a Saturday night dinner!!  Okay let's be real that's an extraneous factor.  But if I were running a restaurant, I would be extremely apologetic for such an incident and try to make it up to annoyed guests.  Free glass of house wine, free dessert.   Or maybe just an, "I'm sorry for an interruption to your dinner.  We are doing the best we can to fix the problem."  Nope, the waiting staff was perhaps even less friendly than before and shrugged off the incident as if it is your fault you picked this day to come.  Come on, most of the tables weren't even filled they should be fighting to keep the few patrons there.  At most, I would just come back and order the scallops....to go. I am taking my $70s elsewhere, thank you very much.
5	In the words of my date, it charmed her pants off.If you're looking for elegant, white table cloth ambiance for a very romantic evening, then this place is what you're after.Food was excellent. The gnocchi was amazing, and the fillet was buttery and oh so tender.Prices aren't cheap, but certainly within reach. Two apps, two entrees, and two drinks, plus tip = $200.
1	If I was feeling generous I'd grade it a C.We arrived at 8.05 for an 8.15 reservation.  Since we had just arrived from Philly we asked if it would be possible to be seated a few minutes early - we were told no even though one side of the room was empty.  She glanced at the bar and as it was full she told us to go wander around -- not a great start.Once they were ready for us they sat us at a terrible table - right at the bottom of the stairs and next to the wine station.  We moved to a slightly better table, but were told that the decent tables were reserved - I guess the fact that we had a reservation and had asked for a window table did not matter.The service was polite but slow and a bit inept.  They filled my half-full margaretta glass with water.  When I mentioned it they grabbed the glass - I figured to replace it, but not so - my drink was gone.The menu was a bit of a mess -way too complicated.  They also specialize in Mediterranean fish,, but they sell them by the gram (how many Americans have a feel for just what a gram is?) but some fish were only available for two or more people.  This was way too much trouble to figure out.Dinner was just average - since the only seafood that I wanted was for 3 and no one else was interested I had chicken- not bad, but a disappointment as I was hoping for exotic seafood.  The others in my party felt the same way though my father only ate about 4 bites of his risotto and the waitstaff never even asked if he liked it - when you see an almost untouched plate the waiter needs to at least ask.So - it was an adequate though unspectacular dinner, with one huge exception - the size of the check was quite spectacular.
4	Question: Where do you go with a rowdy bunch of bachelorette party girls for a nice dinner before a night of debauchery?Answer: BARTOLOTTA!!Although the price listed is 4 $$$$, Bartolotta serves small plates (they recommend you get two per person) which works perfectly for the nice dinner before heavy drinking situation. After our original dinner plans fell through, we called Bartolotta to try and set-up a last minute reservation and our dinner here ended up being better than anything else we could have planned. This place is perfect if you're planning on going out to Tryst or XS after!Small plate appetizers run for about ~$20 (http://www.wynnlasvegas.com/pdf/bartolottajune08.pdf)...and I swear that one will be enough to keep you full  for the night. Our group of ~15 were seated in a big room with a gorgeous table and view. I cannot emphasize enough - perfect place for dinner!Good portions, excellent food, great service, beautiful ambiance.Love it!
4	The negative reviews here are baffling to me...A friend and I met up in LV for a guys weekend...smoke some cigars, have some whiskey, lose some money...that sort of thing. He suggested Bartolotta...being a good Italian-American, I jumped at the chance. I've been wanting to go here for a while, but the only time I'm really ever in LV is for conferences, work, etc...so not much opportunity to really do anything interesting.I talked my friend into the bronzini - he ruffles at the "head of the fish on the plate" thing - but for anyone that has it, its a marvelous sea bass: absorbing the flavors of anything around it without losing its own character. This was an Italian seafood restaurant, so not having bronzini would probably have been illegal, right?It came out, the server deboned it at the table perfectly, and it was....stunning. Went perfectly with the Borollo. The place gets a star removed for the ambiance/decor. The fake rock walls in the lower level, and the over mahogonied upper level really aren't my thing.I don't know where the rest of you 1-and-2 star folks were eating, but your friends may have taken you to the Olive Garden and told you it was Bartolotta. Here's a hint: if you saw bread sticks in a glass on the table, you weren't where you thought you were.
1	After the first course, I threw up.  As a huge Top Chef fan, we went to Bartolotta for the Top Chef tasting menu.  First course consisted of five tapas-sized dishes.  The first was an assortment of "fried" fish which included soft shell crab, calamari and 90% white fish which we didn't care for.  The ocyopus salad was tasty as were the grilled scallops with mushrooms and parmesan.  Canellini beans with bortaga was tasty.  The clams in  wine sauce were metallic tatsting.  I tried two or three and sent them back suggesting the chef check the dish.The waiter brought the next couse which consisted of sheeps milk cheese ravioli, squid ink risotto, and two types of pasta.  I had a bite of each and mentioned that the pasta was very undercooked.  The response?  "That's the way we cook it here."  My bite of rissoto was good, but all of the sudden I became nauseaus and had to run to the ladies room.After about 10 minutes, my husband was presented with a bill.There was no concern, no apology.After cleaning  up, I spoke with the manager and questioned how he could charge $200.00 for a meal that literally made someone sick. "You think it was the food?" the manager asked.  He ultimately comped the "meal" but charged for wine (even though that was left on the table).I was sick in my room the next day with symptoms of food poisoning.Cannot recommend.  Nothing was above average even before I got sick.
4	I was actually really surprised at the negative reviews as well. We had dinner reservations and were running late, but we were still seated promptly for our meal.  The restaurant definitely has a more upscale vibe.  As we were looking over the menu Bartolotta himself was introducing himself to a table next to us. I assumed they were special guests of the casino aka high rollllerrrrss. We ordered the octopus salad, which was phenomenal, the seafood risotto and then the sea bream fish.  I really regret not ordering any of the other pasta dishes, and I'm sure everyone else is kicking me as I'm kicking myself since this IS an Italian restaurant....but next time??The fish was very tasty and a good portion served for two.  I'm not used to having a firmer fish, maybe cause most Asians like tender, flaky fish, I'm not sure.  But the taste was great. I really liked the sauce that went over it.  I had the panna cotta for dessert and with the fresh assortment of berries, it was delicious.  Service was okay. I felt overshadowed by the other bigger tables and bigger fish - ha! - but what did I expect??
4	Fantastic food, and fantastic wine list. Long wait to get in, but a great meal.
4	This place could easily be intimidating, pretentious, and downright uncomfortable, but somehow it was exactly the opposite. I don't know how the rest of the world typically orders food, but when I have an ice box wheeled to the table with live fish in it and am asked to choose which I want and guess the cost by weight...I get a little anxious. Thankfully our server was fantastic, knowledgeable and had useful opinions.We were a table of seven and a few got entrees and the rest of us split two fish: john dory and I believe bronzini. I cannot say enough about how amazing the fish was. If you're going to make the reservation, get all dressed up, and trek to the Wynn...at least do yourself a favor: avoid the entrees here and stick with what they specialize in. It's worth it. Just sitting there digging my fork into a piece of meat I knew was happily swimming in some freezing sea across the world less than a day before is enough to make any girl...well, happy.Needless to say, we had a $750 bill at the end of the meal. It included a few bottles of not-so-cheap wine, but still goes down as one of the largest tabs I've ever contributed to.
4	Overall a superb experience.  I'm surprised by all the complaints about service, but if you come here and order grey goose and cranberry they will treat you accordingly.  Dinner for two came out to a pricey $650, started with negronis to drink, frittura mista to eat, then a massive tasting menu that lasted hours.  Waiters were super friendly native Italians, hilarious, warm, and chatty, with superb knowledge and strong opinions of the various aperitifs and digestifs
4	Solid food, and a really fun waiter made my experience at Bartolotta a great one. This food did not blow me away, but it made me very happy. We began by sharing a bunch of apps. The duck liver pate with white truffles was tasty, as was the beef tar tare (not particularly memorable, but not bad). The menu is all about the fresh fish, which is presented to you ala Morton's steak cart... it's rolled over on a bed of ice. They charge by the gram. Come on... we're in America here, at least put friggin ounces on the menu. I have no idea what 300grams of fish looks like, and I'm not an idiot, I just never measure my cuts of protein in grams. Anyway, as I typically do in places where everything looks amazing, I let the chef select what to cook for me, which ended up being snapper in a wine broth with tomatoes and artichokes. It was light, simple, delicate, and just what I wanted. I would not bust my butt to come back or to bring a friend here, there's just too many outstanding places in Vegas that charge $50-60 a plate to go to before here.
2	This was the third time I have eaten at Bartolotta. I really have two ratings, a five star for the food and one star for the service. Monday night --not busy, my wife and I were seated at table 43 which is a way out of the way  table with no views of the room even though there were numerous vacant tables the whole time we were there. Was shown the wine list, and the" wine "expert"  showed up fifteen minutes later and we asked for a recommendation on an Italian White. He suggested a wine that he thought very good. Another 15 minutes and he reappeared with a totally different bottle saying he thought it "drier" . We acceded to the change and after thirty minutes we finally had something to go with our bread(very good, by the way). Our waiter went through the menu and made suggestions and we ordered octopus as an appetizer and the sea bass as the entree. After some time a different waiter appeared with my appetizer, dropped it in front of me with a "here you go". The entree was served by yet another waiter who prepared it table side. When our wines glasses were emptied we refilled them ourselves, with no attention from staff. Yet another waiter asked if we wanted desert. Fine food, mediocre, uncaring service, at an expensive restaurant, with an owner of a hotel (WYNN) who cares about his customers and who would be appalled by our service experience.
4	I have to say that this was a dinner with my boss and his wife and my significant other at the time and was a little strained ...  but the food was delicious and the outdoor seating area was super charming...  we did have to wait about 15 minutes for our table to be ready, but the bar was comfortable..The seafood was so fresh, I thought it would jump off the plate.. really..  that fresh.. fresh fresh fresh...I wouldn't choose it specifically again, even though it was good.. i just felt it lacked personality and uniqueness..  but the food was excellent, I guess I just wanted an experience.. not just a good meal..Impress a date - YesRomantic - Yes (the outdoor especially)
5	I took my boyfriend here and we had the Family Style Tasting.  This was the freshest Italian seafood I have had outside of Italy.  Although it was not cheap - you are saving on airfare to Europe.
3	I had high hopes. The food was good but not great. Service was real good. Appetizers were good, my favorite was the octopus salad. My scallops were pretty solid as well. Main courses were pasta dishes. I think all of them were good but not great. Pasta a bit undercooked but not enough to greatly change the dishes.Food just didn't stand out. Hard to explain but it's like if you had heard Tiger crashed his car and instead of some crazy awesome story like his wife chased him with a club cause he was cheating on her with 20 women, it was just a normal traffic accident cause it was foggy outside. Make sense?
4	What a fantastic restaurant! We got to meet Chef Bartolotta and he even cut and served our fish table side! We enjoyed 2 whole fish which were cooked in salt and served table side. One of the best things I've ever ate in my life were the soft shell crabs they serve here. They were bite sized and fried. OMG I actually desire them EVERY DAY, I want to eat them EVERY DAY!The wine list is very nice and we enjoyed some Nectar Imperiale.  I was at the Wynn for 2 weeks and ate at all the restaurant offerings they had, this place was hands down my favorite! Sinatras, SW, Daniels etc all yummy all top notch, but this was the spot for me, must have hit it up four or five times while I was there.
5	Imagine 2 vegetarians being introduced to a tank of frozen, fresh, DEAD fishes... yeah, not a good experience, especially on my little veggie boys birthday. I came here last September to celebrate his bday. I chose this restaurant because they had the best Italian veggie options. The food was awesome. The service was so attentive. Everything was on point. They even managed to squeeze a table for us to sit outside. They even remembered the request i put in for a small little chocolate cake.
2	I was so excited to try the food after reading the reviews on Yelp and even more, to see the scenerary everyone raved about. When we arrived, we didn't walk further than 10 feet from the door. They sat us in a corner right next to the entrance and I felt really segregated from the restaurant. Sadly, our view was the door and the guest as they were arriving.It was disappointing at first until the waiter arrived with the cart full of WONDERFUL seafood. As he was describing the different array of protein, my eyes widened and there, lying on a bed of ice, was something I had not been able to find since my trip to Vietnam about 3 years ago- mantis shrimp! I was ecstatic!Since they don't serve it as an item on the menu, I requested from the waiter if they could just steam one piece and leave it in its natural form. After 10 minutes, the waiter came back and said the manager gave the okay and it would be $18 for one piece. That definitely made my night!After a few minutes, the waiter comes back with more great news. The kitchen confirmed that it would be $18 for a serving of mantis shrimp, which contained not just one, but five pieces! I was so grateful and so excited...until the plate came. As the waiter opened the top of the plate, there sitting in a POOL of olive oil, were five tiny little pieces, which to my surprise I thought was going to be 5 whole shrimp bodies. As grateful as I was that they fulfilled my request, I faked the biggest smile I could wrestle from my lips. As disappointed as I was, I moved forward to the tasting. *sigh*cappesante dorate con porcini seared sea scallops with imported porcini mushrooms 24.00 - loved it but it was cold when it arrived.gamberoni... tiger shrimp 8.00 each - favorite! if you're like me and   you like to suck out the head juices of the shrimp, omg- fantastic!risotto ai frutti di mare risotto with clams, scallops, shrimp, langoustines, calamari 20.00 - eh okay, not the best.lasagnette con ragu di crostacei "rags" of pasta, lobster, shrimp, langoustines, crab, white wine, tomato 26.00- overcooked seafood is a sad crime that seafood restaurants should never be accused of but...guilty!mantis shrimp by request 18.00- mushy and bitter from the herbed olive oil. =(The dessert, chocolate cake and vanilla gelato, was probably the best thing we had there...It was great to experience it but honestly, never again. =/
3	A little disappointed.  We did the tasting menu which was okay.  When I reflect on it now the most memorable entrees were the octopus salad and the dessert.
4	My mom and I had a girl's weekend last week and she was kind enough to take me to Bartolotta.  A foodie friend familiar with all hot spots in Vegas recommended it, and II read many reviews on Yelp before we went.  I had very high expectations about this place and told the waiter this right off the bat.  I was not disappointed.  Neither mom nor I was interested in the dead fish tray.  I wanted to want the fish but it did not appeal.  We started with the Ligurian octopus salad, which was excellent.  If it weren't for the glowing reviews on Yelp I woulnd not have ordered it.   So thank you to everyone out there who takes the time to write these reviews.  Then we had the scallops on the bed of porccini mushrooms- outstanding.  We ordered the sheep's milk ricotta and Tuscan pecorino cheese ravioli.  These were SUBLIME.  Perfection.  I will never, ever look at ravioli the same way.   The other pasta dish we ordered, the lasagne strips with sea food was equally perfect.   We ordered the chocolate cake with pistachio gelato, which was absolutely delicious.  A great end to a fabulous meal.  We opted to order wines by the glass so that we could taste different things.  We had the falanghina, vermentino, and chainti classico.   They were each lovely.  The service was very good.  We were there almost 3 hours and no one rushed us.  Our primary server was difficult to understand at first because he mumbled, but thankfully he perked up as the evening wore on.  Our other server was a delight from start to finish.  Overall a wonderful dinning experience.  Only draw back is the price.  It is crazy expensive.  Four small plates, 1 dessert, and 4 classes of wine (not the most expensive ones on the wines by the glass list) set my mom back about $250.  That's a lot of money, even if it's for great food.
5	I love this place.  It is my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  GREAt fish and the service is amazing.  I seriously need to try and go some place else next time I am in town.  But....it wont happen.
2	Possibly the most pretentious restaurant I have visited.  The theme is Northern Italian cooking with fresh fish flown in daily from Italy.  It is in the Wynn Casino just off the shopping area and has a modern European decor.  The tables are pushed so close together than you are literally eating a foot away from the next table, so it is kind of like group dining.  This is fine if you sit by someone interesting, but it is Vegas, so it is kind of pot luck and you are just as likely to sit next to really obnoxious people.  Fortunately, our table dining partners on the evening I visited were pleasant.After ordering WAY overpriced wine from a mediocre wine list, they bring out their catches of the day in a glass case filled with ice.  They describe each fish in detail.  While this is interesting, frankly I can do without all the production.  If I want a lesson in marine biology, I will go to the aquarium at Mandalay Bay.  You choose your fish, then your sauce and all the sides are a la carte.  The fish will run you $60 or more for about 12 oz (they sell it in 3oz increments) and if you have a salad and appetizer it will easily run over $150 per person with wine.  The worst part is that the fish was bland, the sauce uninspiring and the sides were chain-restaurant quality.  The salad was fine but nothing special.  The bread wasn't even that great.  Overall, VERY expensive food that is not very good in an atmosphere that borders on weird.Since it is located off the shopping area, I felt like I was eating in a suburban mall or something.   With tip for two the bill was $480 or so.  No thanks.  I can have a much, much, much better dinner at Panevino or Piero's for less than $100 per person.  I would give this 1.5 stars if that were an option.
5	My wife and I ate here on a Sunday evening (3/28/10). We had a 7:15 reservation, and they seated us early. After looking over the menu, we decided we would go for the Gran Menu di Mare for two ( $155/person)We both enjoy red wine, but aren't terribly knowledgeable, so I asked the waiter to select one. He asked for a price range, and we had the Il Borro 2006 Super Tuscan ($92), which was very good and complemented the meal well (so much so that we finished it far before we were done eating which is very rare.) The sky is the limit on their wine list, BTW, so for more experienced (or flat out baller) customers, prices range from about $50 to well into four figures.The menu included the following (all items are available on the a la carte menu):Appetizers- grilled saber fish, radicchio, anchovy sauceWe both thought the fish was just a little overdone. I found the bitterness of the radicchio to be too strong for the mild flavor of the fish, so overall, this was pretty average and our least favorite of the appetizers.- seared sea scallops with porcini mushroomsTwo scallops, perfectly cooked, served with sauteed mushrooms...delicious- sauteed tiny clams with tomato sauce, white wine, parsleyA very generous portion of sauteed clams with a nice, fresh flavor. This dish suffered a bit based on the pacing (more on that later.)- Ligurian octopus salad, olive oil, lemonSteamed chunks of octopus in a simple dressing. I am not a big fan of octopus, which as often as not is tough and slightly bitter. This particular preparation was fantastic. Fork-tender, but with a good mouth feel. This was the best of the appetizers.- grilled langoustinesTwo grilled langoustines, split in half. There was some kind of a crusting on the body portion that reminded me of thermidor, but not as heavy, while the meat in the tail was simply grilled and seasoned. This dish is not included with the Menu di Paranza, and accounts for a portion of the difference in price.A minor quibble I had with the pacing here, is that they brought the first four appetizers out at the same time, and the langoustines just a couple of minutes later. We could have been having an eating contest and not gotten through it all before something started getting cold, much less trying to savor what we were eating, and talking about what we liked/didn't like. Believe me, we can have at it with a fork, and we are definitely not pretentious foodies having a 20-minute discussion on, well, whatever pretentious foodies have 20-minute discussions on, but I'd rather they brought them out 2 at a time and maybe the langoustines last, since that's one of the special items with that menu.--Settings are changed here, and fresh, hot plates are brought out for the pasta dishes.Pasta- risotto with clams, scallops, lobster, calamariPerfectly prepared, creamy, and good portions of shellfish such that you get a good combination of flavors in every bite.- penne with lobsterThis is the second difference for this menu...the Menu di Paranza does not have lobster in this dish. If I had to guess, I would say they allot ~2 ounces of lobster per person. The penne and lobster were both cooked well, but the star of this dish is actually the sauce. The sign at the front said no t-shirts, but didn't mention anything about not sopping up this sauce with the bread.- ricotta ravioli, pecorino, marsala with glazeBasic (as basic as it gets here) ravioli with two different cheeses. Believe me, it's good, but not "Wow!"Again, reset the table...Main course- whole sea breamI wasn't sure which sea bream, specifically (there were two on the menu) but a whole roasted fish is disassembled tableside, and presented with a simple dressing of cherry tomatoes, zucchini, olive oil and just a hint of acid (might be a little bit of lemon juice and vinegar both, not sure.) The meat was very juicy and very slightly sweet, and overall you can definitely tell that the fish was very fresh (there are no cloudy eyes in the cart when they roll it out to show you the fresh seafood before taking orders.)This was the second minor quibble I had: I wouldn't have minded being able to choose from some different fish, perhaps even to the point of adjusting the price...I dunno, just a thought.Table cleared, and you are overwhelmed with dessert!Dessert_s_- Ligurian lemon and olive oil cake, rosemary gelato- chocolate almond cake, white chocolate gelato, chocolate sauce- chocolate gelato, raspberry sorbet, not sure which graniteAll I'll say about this is, save room!The staff were very attentive, and our primary server was helpful in answering questions as well as making a wine selection. There is a dress "suggestion", but it was loosely enforced. If you're at Venetian, it's an easy walk. Definitely expensive, but worth it for a special occasion!
4	Super pretentious restaurant, but that's to be expected from a restaurant this pricey and located in the Wynn. It has all the trappings of a very fine restaurant, a fairly comprehensive wine list, multiple staff members serving you, and a very accommodating and discrete staff.The food was extremely good. I had the agnolotti del plin which is a classic Piemontese meat ravioli, brown butter, sage. In my case it was served as a double (entree) portion, though it is typically served as an appetizer pasta dish.
4	We chose this restaurant after reading up on all Encore/Wynn had to offer because of the scenery (private cabanas by the lagoon!) and the italian seafood fare. They were doing a special "Taste of Wynn" menu when we got there that included an appetizer, entree, and dessert for $69/person which is an incredible deal for this place. We had reservations for when they opened at 5:30 because our show started at 7 (Le Reve). We got there early to secure our cabana and they didn't seat us until about 10 minutes after 5:30 (even though we were the first ones). We easily chose our courses and wine, our apps came out right away  and were fantastic (grilled calamari and cheese ravioli). The entrees took FOREVER to get there. It was about 6:15 when they finally came. I was sad to say that I didn't enjoy my selection (scorpion fish in a white wine sauce) and the waiter offered to switch it out for me. We told him that was not necessary because we couldn't wait for another entree to come out after this took so long and we didn't want to be late for our show. He came back a couple minutes later and said he would have my new dish out in 5 minutes and he delivered. So I ended up with the filet  and loved every bite of it. Hubby had the seafood stew (which I sampled as well) and it was fantastic, lots of different seafood from fish, scallops, shrimp, clams, and a very tasty sauce. They couldn't get our desserts out in time and we ended up having to hurry to the show and barely made it in time. I was incredibly happy with our server, but the kitchen really was on the slow side. The atmosphere is unparalleled, but you're paying for it. Expect this to set you back a little, but it is a great experience overall.
5	The best food in Las Vegas.  Outstanding seafood, cooked and seasoned to perfection.  In fact, it is so good that we can't eat seafood for weeks afterwards, because everything else pales in comparison.  The best octopus I have ever eaten anywhere.  The tasting menu is highly recommended.  If I lived in LV, I would be here every week!Decor is ok, but the restaurant can be a bit too noisy and the tables are too large.  Service quality is wide ranging.  Very server specific.  It ranges from good to barely acceptable.
3	Three stars only for the homemade pasta!  I'm never going to be satisfied by Pasta Barrilla again :(I tried the gnocchi which I usually hate but was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  I also had the spaghetti with a simple tomato sauce that was likewise delicious. Salads were well dressed but nothing to write home about.  I shared the sea bass in an olive tomato sauce.  Delicious but very pricy ($90).  The seafood here is served by weight so you gotta be careful about how much you order.Service was great once we got past the snotty hostess.  (Despite the snotty hostess, we got seated at the best table in the house - Steve Wynn's table!)  Desserts were fantastic.  Just be ready to shell out $$$.
5	As the 5-stars indicate up top, this really is "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" This, my friends, ain't no Olive Garden. Let me break it down for ya:Bartolotta is a beautiful restaurant in the most beautiful hotel in The Vegas! Waiting for your reserved table isn't too bad when there is a de la Renta store down the hall and jewelry stores galore to "just walk through" with your date. We had an 8:15 Tuesday night reservation, but requested an outdoor cabana, so we were prepared to wait a while. We waited a little longer than was comfortable (girls dressed to kill in sky high heels cannot wait longer than 30 minutes!!), but soon enough the reason for our wait came walking up the Bartolotta marble staircase-- Oh excuse me but Lisa Kudrow is here! Not that she would take a picture with us but that is a different story...We were finally seated at our BFF Lisa's cabana table, gawked at the baller "sculptural poolscape" view, and soaked up the info that the last butt impressions in our seats were made by multi-millionaires and prayed for some good kind of wealth by osmosis. A supermodel I didn't recognize sat two cabanas away, as well. ANYWAYS. Our waiter Steve was very New York-y, obviously had given the same spiel a zillion times before, but was very knowledgeable about the menu and wine so that made up for the passe delivery. Wine, pasta appetizers, tap water, all fabulous.Then came the fishies. Bream and sea bass, amazing. Skillfully filleted and plated, wonderful wonderful taste. The "side" of random potatoes is lame but I guess you aren't paying for that, huh? Dessert was a shared trio of delicious and wonderful gelatos. Out of my wallet came about $400 (for 4 people).I am one of those people who is always happy to pay for excellent food, and this was certainly that. So much fun and definitely a night to remember. BEST PART: It was Cinco de Mayo week and some high rollers in a private room had hired a mariachi band to come play. Not part of the normal restaurant experience, granted, but it was so ridiculous to be AWESOME!
5	OMG!! OMG!! OMG!!!Request a cabana table!!!!!!  Order the seafood stew or risotto! **was a huge menu of pastas, seafood, steaks...anything your heart desires....they'll have it!**A bottle of Toscano redSome chocolate gelato for dessertRejoice! You're alive....and...dining at BARTOLOTTA!!An absolutely perfect meal/evening!!
1	What reeks of pretention, but has the nerve to serve me a plate of bland pasta with overdone lobster stuck in its shell and no utensil to get it out?  Did you guess the restaurant Bartolotta?  Congratulations!  You've won an overpriced, underwhelming dinner in a beautiful restaurant.  This was the most disappointing meal of a recent girls trip to Vegas.  I had selected Bartolotta as our "fancy" dinner to celebrate my last days as a bachelorette, and had high hopes.  I mean, James Beard award, come on.  Our hotel concierge made us the reservation, and we had asked for patio seating.  We waited for about 10 minutes for our table, even though the restaurant didn't appear busy, and we were seated indoors, but at a table by a window.   Note to diners: if you want good service, come with a giant neon wallet full of money.   Pretty much as soon as we asked for iced water vs. bottled water our waiter was done with our table.  What we ordered: 1) The assorted fried fish appetizer.  OMG, if you take one thing away from this review, please for the love, do not order this dish.  It included small whole fried sardines, a whole fried crab, and rubbery calamari, it was also completely lacking in seasoning.  Let's just say my cousin vomited up a sardine about two hours after dinner.  2) Scallop appetizer.  This dish was pretty good, but for $25 for TWO scallops, I expected better.  3) I ordered the lobster pasta.  Completely unremarkable sauce, and overdone, chewy lobster.  AND the lobster was still in the shell, and I was given no utensil to get it out.  I had to use my butter knife to pry it from the shell.  4) The other ladies ordered seafood pasta they thought was mediocre.  5)  The beef pasta was considered the best dish of the night, at a seafood restaurant... hmm.  Not once did our waiter come to check on how our food was.  We had to continually flag someone down if we needed anything, like another drink.  We finally complained when the bill came, and the manager gave us a little face time, but even that felt canned and insincere.  I would never come back here.
1	Horribly horrible. I live in Santa Barbara, Ca where there are many fantastic restaurants, Italian included. Bartolotta is junk. I ate with my wife who doesn't like seafood. That was not a big deal until the waiter explained to us that all the fresh fish is sold by the whole fish. There was only one fish that they would do for 1 person. The smallest fish they had that night would have cost me $115! I started with the Parmigiano-Reggiano custard with sauteed mushrooms, quite nice, a savory dish. The I had shrimp raviolis, bad, boring and tasted no better than store bought raviolis. My main was a snapper. It was quite nice but nothing over a 3 star, average as average gets. My wife had gnocchi in a tomato cream sauce which was just average again. Now so many people are giving the place 5 stars and I have no idea why. Yes, it is no olive garden and clearly would be 5 stars compared to that, but when you try to compare this restaurant to the best Italian places in the US (like Wynn sells it as) it fails to even come close. There has to be better places to go. I wish I could suggest somewhere else but I just haven't been in Vegas enough to do so.
1	Our first trip to Las Vegas taught us how very hit and miss the dining can be, even in the most classed-up resorts on the strip.  This restaurant was a huge letdown, given that everything else we experienced at Wynn was top shelf.  Our dining companions had made the reservation about a week earlier, and when we went to check in with the hostess, she was first blank, then snotty, informing us that she had no reservation for us...dining companion called up the e-mail on her Blackberry and showed it to the hostess, who got even snottier in the face of their mistake. She told us to come back in a half hour and she'd see if she could work us in (bunch of vacant tables right behind her).  Attitude was both unnecessary and Irritating, but okay, fine, so we went and browsed the neighboring shops in the Wynn Esplanade.    We came back, got the same blank look and snottiness...obviously nothing had been done to set us up with a table.  Snippy hostess disappears, another hostess takes her place, and unceremoniously dumps the five of us up at one of the tables that was vacant the first time we checked in, which is set for ten people.  We were waving to eachother from afar across the table.  SO's dad gets fed up at the treatment, given the cost of the place, and finds a manager to speak with.  Which gets us a more appropriately-sized table on the lower level...shoved in the back, right outside the kitchen door.  Then, the food ordering commences.  Not sure what we expected, but not the limited options available. I don't expect it to be a casino buffet, but the offerings were surprisingly sparse.  I had not chosen or made reservations at the restaurant, so I hadn't done the research I usually do, so fair enough...it was somebody else's pick.  But I think everyone in our party was surprised at the fact that if you didn't order from the bizarrely presented glass case of dead fish on ice that's rolled up to your table, your sole options are side dishes of mediocre pasta, and by side dishes,  I mean about two tablespoons full...and at high-end entree prices.  Nobody was really interested in $75 and up portions of fish.  Guy shoving the case of gaping dead fish into my lap obviously offended that we're all ordering side dishes of pasta, and treatment gets colder, still, despite the ordering of copious amounts of overpriced wine to get through the experience.   And the bill was astronomical for getting basically table wine and sub-Olive Garden saucers of noodles.  The one star is because the mixed greens salad was actually quite good.  Mainly, my beef is with the service/attitudes...and not the food, though, although the presentation is pretty strange and definitely pretentious.  Pretty obscene treatment for a place where a full dinner for five people would cost well upwards of a grand.  Would never recommend the place.
5	My girlfriend wanted to try this restaurant mainly for the ambiance.  It was quite stunning inside.  Although it's mainly a seafood restaurant they had several vegetarian pasta and salad options for me.  It seems their specialty is whole fish and they bring a cart filled with fresh fish to your table so you can see what you're about to eat.  Great wine list.  Mixed green salad to start was quite good.  For an entree I ordered the gnocchi and honestly though it was some of the best I've ever had.  It would easily compare with gnocchi I've had in NYC.  The desert had a very fancy name and was very aesthetically pleasing.  My girlfriend is still talking about it.  The wait staff was beyond excellent.  They are exactly what you expect from a fancy restaurant : friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.As a side note men have to wear collared shirts and no shorts or sandals.
4	If you find yourself in Vegas looking for that special "baller meal", but you don't want to do another steak house or french restaurant, Bartolotta comes with my highest recommendation. I would tell you to order a few pastas to share, a couple pieces of grilled appetizers per diner, and you will be stuffed and happy for about $80-100 per person. Trust me because ever since I left Vegas two days ago, I think about the pastas that I ate here every few hours.  The transcendent pasta dish that I loved was a mixed seafood lasganette. Haphazardly torn rags of wide, homemade pasta, mixed with little pieces of perfectly cooked lobster, crab and shrimp in a light velvety sauce. One regular sized order was $28 and enough for each diner to have a few heavenly bites.  Also delicious was their hand made spaghetti cooked with salty bits of ground meat. I liked that there wasn't much sauce in the dish so that the focus was just on the spaghetti and meat. We doubled the size of this one and it came out to a reasonable $34 for a large bowl. My one regret of the meal was that I didn't order a more "exotic" fish. I picked the john dory because it came with a high recommendation from the server, but, when the fish came out, I thought there was way too much meat for each of our 4 diners, which was reflected in the $195 price tag just for the fish. Not that it wasn't delicious - it was! But dory tastes much like halibut and I should have picked something else (the Orata is next on my list).  It was perfectly cooked in a sauce of tomatoes, capers, and olives and served with roasted fingerling potatoes. We left crazy stuffed and happy for $80 per person including tax and tip! Though only I ordered a $20 glass of very good wine that was generously poured. I made my reservation 5 days in advance and was not able to get a cabana - hope to next time!
5	One of my best dining experiences. Everything was perfect. The service was extraordinary and the food was delicious. We sat outside near the water display, was a really nice atmosphere. My friends and I had a great time. The staff was very attentive to our needs, service was what you expect from a fancy pants place like this. They even over heard us talking about my friends birthday and brought out a piece of cake for her, talk about service. Great ambiance which led to a great night with friends. Definitely recommend getting a table outside.  Extra points to them for being able to make my favorite drink, a Vesper Martini.
4	This is my boyfriend's FAVORITE restaurant. I think it's pretty good too, just a bit too pricey for us. Everything is excellent, but we usually walk about spending about $200 per person.ANT IPAST I DI MARE:cappesante dorate con porcini - i love scallops, so had to try this, and it was good.Primi di Mare:lasagnette con ragu di crostacei - excellent. I think this is Bobby Flay's "Best Thing I Ever Ate" Appetizer?risot to ai f rut t i di mare - mmmm risotto. i love a good risotto.... and i love seafood... put them together and MMMMMMMM! Primi:agnolot t i del plin - my boyfriend rants and ravs about this. It's pretty tastey. This dish is mainly the reason why my boyfriend loves this place.Pescato Mediterraneo:I can't remember which fish we ordered. We usually just tell them how many people are going to be eating the fish, and they suggest a fish. We usually pick cruda as our SALSE E CONDIMENTI.Service is excellent, and they really let you take your time here. The first time we went, it was just me and my boyfriend. The second time we went, there were about 12 of us. Food is excellent, just be prepared to spend the $$$$. Menu Link: http://www.visitwynn.com/documents/Bartolotta.pdf
2	The food is good but the service is arrogant and incompetent. If you're willing to chance having your night ruined, go for it.
4	I have to admit this place was one of my favorites at the Wynn. My sister and I walked in just wanting a drink, so we sat at the bar and after like 2 beers we got hungry so we decided to stay. The bartender/waiter was so nice. He was an older man kind of like dad status. He took care of us making us feel at home. ANTIPAST DI MARE (seafood appetizer)         SAUTE DI VONGOLE 18.00                    I just have to say wow, the sauce made the dish. Had to keep dipping the bread in it til it was all gone and still I wanted more.ANTIPASTI ALLA GRIGLIA ~ grilled appetizers              ARAGOSTA... Mediterranean spiny lobster 20 .00/100g                    the lobster with it's smokey taste and the richness of the meat, we just had to order more after we at one each. (MY FAVORITE DISH)PRIMI DI MARE ~ seafood appetizer pasta           lasagnette con ragu di crostacei...."rags" of pasta, lobster, shrimp, crab, white wine, tomato 28.00         The pasta was made there, the tomatoes were ripe and juicey. The plate was pretty small though, but full of flavor.PESCE - WHOLE FISH - 15.00 per 100 grams (approximately 3 ounces.)          we had the Turbo, which was melt in your mouth o so good.My overall experience was memorable. Would i go there again? absolutely. The food was worth the price and I would go there again and again just to sit at the bar and eat Spiney Lobster all day if I could.
1	Let's see where to start.  Relatively awful service, we were split across two waiters, one who was very attentive while he was assigned to us for the first 10-15 minutes of our 3 hours there. The follow up waiter was rude, and short with us when he was sporadically paying us attention.  We were a group of 7 adults, yet seemed to be treated like a group of teenagers at Denny's wanting free refills on coffee while loitering for a few hours after school. After about 20 minutes with no refilling of our glasses of the champagne we purchased, we asked a hostess to grab the bottle for us.  She takes it out of the ice bucket and puts it on the table and walks away.  I think it's all part of a picture of how poor the service is there.  So we're off to a bad start, and ultimately those qualities of service could potentially not be factored into the star rating if the food made up for it.  The food was mediocre to bad in most cases, the one exception being the artichoke salad which was tasty and may only be worth pointing out because the rest of our meals were so bad.  My Vegetable Risotto was easily the worst Risotto I've ever had, it was completely underdone with the hull of the rice somewhat crunchy... there was also absolutely no seasoning whatsoever.  I ate a couple of bites and decided to ask for salt and pepper (something you shouldn't need to do at a restaurant of this stature, they should season their food properly), seasoned it myself... took a few more bites and decided it wasn't even worth the digestion.  I chose not to say anything or send it back since it was a birthday party and didn't want to bring attention to it.  The waiter cleared my plate which was mostly untouched and didn't say a word, again the lack of attention or care.  My girlfriend got the Gnocchi in tomato cream sauce, nothing special that I couldn't whip up myself at home without much effort.We eventually get to the main course where the majority of us decided to have the Branzino.  First of all the cost of the fish by weight is astronomically expensive, but I guess it might be due to the fact that all their fish is flown in from the Mediterranean daily. Don't even get me started on the environmental and sustainability issues that arise from that.  There was an option of accommodating sauces that you could choose from to go with the fish.  I guess I assumed wrong that the fish might be cooked with the sauce, this was not the case.  The staff bring over the cooked fish and dissect it and plate it for us table side (they did a rush job because I found several bones in my pieces), it was served with roasted (overdone) fingerling potatoes and sauteed (mushy) zucchini slices.  The fish was unseasoned and we were expected to dollop the accompanying (average) sauces ontop of it.  The potatoes and zucchini were nothing to be worth remembering, and neither was the fish.The other slight upside of this meal was the desert, their gelato and sorbetto were great however I have no idea if they were responsible for them or if they shipped them in from Italy everyday. Gelato is not hard to make either so its a good sign they didn't miss the mark otherwise this would be a zero star review. Ultimately there are so many other more amazing restaurants in Vegas, and probably even better Italian restaurants in your hometown that you should visit first before Bartolotta.  What a huge disappointment.
2	For the money its not worth it.  I have had better meals at King's Fish House.  The arrogance in the air was hard to stomach and I was not impressed with the food.Nothing was bad, but for 300 plus dollars I would expect to feel like it was all incredible.Unless someone else is picking up the tab on this one, I'm in no hurry to venture back.
4	Wynn/Encore Appetizer Crawl: Part 1When you get to be my advanced age you don't do bar crawls. Instead you do appetizer crawls. It's easier on the system and takes far less recovery time. With the wife and a couple friends in tow, we decided to check out some of the Wynn/Encore restaurants. Bartolotta was our first stop.We grabbed some seats at the bar, ordered some drinks and looked over the menu. We got two orders of the lasagnette con ragu di crostacei. It was recently featured on the Food Network as one of Bobby Flay's favorite appetizers. Now, I'm not a Flay fan, but the dish did sound delicious -- pasta, lobster, crab, shrimp, white wine and tomatoes. While it isn't one of the best dishes I've ever had, it was very good with large chunks of lobster and crab and a light, fresh profile overall.They were nice enough the split the orders so we each had our own plate. The bartenders were friendly and accommodating and didn't mind that we only stuck around for a drink and one order. They did verify that the fish is flown in fresh daily from Italy -- and yes, that expense is passed on to you. If you're looking for cheap seafood go to Red Lobster.
5	I planned on proposing to my girlfriend on Saturday night when we were in Las Vegas, and wanted to do so outside on the patio. However the patio was closed due to the weather being too hot. So, when my better half was getting ready, I told her I was going downstairs to the sportsbook while she finished. I actually went to the restaurant to speak with a manager. Pascal was the manager who took care of me, he was awesome!!  He showed me where we were sitting, which we changed to another table no problem. We discussed the menu, etc etc.  When I showed up with my fiance for the dinner, he took care of us beyond my expectations. He basically was our waiter for the night, alogn with the amazing staff they have to assist. We never had to ask for anything, and staff was available at moments notice. We ordered the tasting menu, $155 per person. But it was one of the best meals I have ever had, and easily the best night of my life. The food was impeccable, not a bad dish. The tasting menu is the way to go, I would never do it any other way.....you get to taste everything. The langostines were amazing, the octopus outstanding, the ravioli were out of this world....and that's just the appetizers. It was the best $450 I ever spent.....I can't wait to go back for our 1yr engagement anniversary.
3	Overpricing brings this restaurant down to three star territory, even though service was almost spectacular.Their website shows a great outdoor visual pool that is stunning.  Note:  You will not be sitting anywhere near that pool.  Nobody was. I don't know why.  It was 8pm and about 85 outside, but everyone was seated inside.  Outside..like their website pictures show...was off limits. We asked. Not an option.  We looked at the empty tables through curtains.The food was perfect.  The appetizer fried med fish was spectacular.  The appetizer rags of pasta with crab, lobster etc.. and the appetizer shrimp ravioli would have been star attractions as main courses.  However, no main course portions of these dishes was offered.  They want you to eat the almost unpriced fish.We were directed away by our waiter from the John Dory to another white fish, since my petite date was done after the app pasta.  The white fish that had obviously flown first class from Maranello was moist, delicately flavored, but nothing special.  One plate $115. For unspectacular fish.  Otherwise, we had two cocktails, bread, two great fish appetizers and two great  pasta appetizers for about $130. Not bad for Vegas, and worth it.  Throw the forgettable hunk of whitefish on the tab, and it was $245!  Really, the fish was good, but on par with tourist traps in SF's Fisherman's Wharf district.  I'll pick Aliotto's anyday over this fish.We were not informed of the price of our fish until the bill came.  The menu said $15 per 3oz.  I eat about a half pound of fish regularly. I guess pricing was before skinning and de-boning, which they did at the table. Nice touch.Skip the fish.  Really.  Order appetizers like they are tapas, and this is a great place.  If you get sucked in on the fish, you will get robbed.  You might as well tell some kid in New Orleans "where they got them shoes" for $100.  You'll get more entertainment value.
5	Stunning lunch spot - fab food and wine list and the service legendary!
5	This was by far the most memorable dining experience of my life. The wait staff and sommolier truly knew their stuff and took excellent care of us.I dined here quite some time ago and so do not remember all of the exact details, but I recall that we had the Loup de Mer fresh from the mediterranean and various pastas and salads. We paired wines with every course essentially and went all out. It was insane.We ordered 4 of the desserts; however, the one I wanted the most (and it WAS my birthday) was the vanilla fig semifreddo- which we had not selected. Upon consuming all 4 desserts, I mandated that we must try this one also and I can honestly say no dessert has ever lived up to it. Although, last night's dessert at Tilth in Seattle came close!Totally worth the large bill and an absolutely stunning restaurant. Having fine dined at many top restaurants, I am not sure why the ratings are not higher. I went again a second time and was just as impressed.
2	Really disappointing.   Extremely expensive and I've had better food at the olive garden.  Service and atmosphere are the only positives.  The bill for my wife and I after tip was $350 and we didn't order dessert.  My wife's seafood risotto was so salty it was almost unedible.
4	My husband & I were in Vegas last week (9/8-9/11) and we had dinner at this restaurant Friday night. This is one of the restaurants inside Wynnhttp://www.wynnlasvegas.com/#dining/bartolotta/The staff was really nice and we were seated right away even though we did not have a reservation. Their specialty is seafood - most of which flown in daily, majority from Italy and the mediterranean.  They show you the fish cart (fresh of course on ice)-explain where it came from, how they cook it, etc. They also have very good bread - 5 kinds that they serve you prior to your meal order.  If you want a sommelier to help you select your wine, he's there also.  We ordered a pretty good size fish (from Italy) white meat, tender and when it arrived, served table-side:  removed the bones and served it with the richest and smoothest mashed potatoes and fresh, sauteed vegetables.  We had appetizers also prior our meal and both fantastic. The dessert was equally wonderful! I should have taken photos with my iphone so you can see how beautiful they present their food.This is definitely a place we will go back to when in Vegas - the prices are reasonable.Great food and great service - that's a winner in my book!
4	This is a stunningly beautiful restaurant, no doubt about it.  And Chef Paul Bartolotta has deservedly won praise (and two James Beard Awards) for his brilliant cuisine.  So why only 3.5 stars (rounded up to 4) stars instead of five?Well, it's simple.  That's what it deserved.The Wynn advertises that, "Bragging about award-winning chefs is one thing.  Having them cook your dinner is another."  Now that certainly implies, at least, that Chef Bartolotta is himself present in the kitchen during dinner.  I don't know if he was or not.  But what I do know is that a) Chef Bartolotta is supposed to be a genius with seafood; b) he gets virtually all of his seafood flown in directly from Italy; and that c) his speciality is cooking the whole fish, filleting it tableside, and serving it for two.This is a restaurant we looked forward to dining in . . .There were seven us, celebrating a friend's birthday.  We each ordered appetizers, and the plates went flying around the table!  Apps included Seared Sea Scallops with Porcini Mushrooms appetizer was outstanding, as was the Warm Parmigiano-Reggiano Custard with Wild Mushrooms and Brussel Sprout Leaves and the Silky Duck Liver Mousse with Black Truffle.  Speaking of truffles, Italian white truffles were in but were advertised on the menu as begin available with *any* dish for $85.00 extra.  Uh, no.Pasta courses included (among others) Lasagnette of Pasta, Lobster, Shrimp, Crab, White Wine, and Tomato; Gnocchi with Tomato sauce, Butter and Parmigiano-Reggiano; and the Linguine with Clams, White Wine, Rapini, Garlic, and Parsley.  All very, very good -- though *not* as good as, say, the pasta courses at Quince in San Francisco.For the whole fish, Lynn and I had the San Pietro (aka John Dory), and while the flavors were delicious, the fish was overcooked and dry.  Now, in all honesty, my guess is that it was an simply an off-night in terms of the overcooked fish.   At nearly $1150 for seven of us (not including tip) a bargain, this place is not, but I'd be willing to come back . . . even quicker if someone else picks up the tab!
5	I've eaten here on 3 occassions. First time was outside in a cabana. Second time was with a group and we had the fabulous tasting menu. The third time was appetizers at the bar. The risotto with fruits of the sea was inded the best thing I've ever eaten. And the home made ravioli stuffed with cheese was the runner up. I would go here once a week if I could, however it is worth it.
3	I'm so glad I didn't pay for this overpriced meal.  Honestly, I did pay attention to the fact that Bartolotta hails his seafood from the Mediterranean itself, but to tell you the truth, I wish the seafood was better.  I've had better dishes from Michael Mina restaurants, so I was expecting more from this place.  Let me tell you, I'm a big fan of seafood.  In Asia, we eat it morning, noon, and night.  Raw.  See how bad ass that is?.. we can't even wait to cook our fish.First off, the decor inside doesn't impress me.  It seems like any cliche fancy restaurant, and really nothing special.  You want Las Vegas-standard restaurant interior, you go to Barmasa or Tao.  Bartolotta's outside patio is much, much more impressive though.  The cabanas are pretty cozy and the seating overlooks a pond with floating silver globes and koi fish.  Let me clear that up, the koi fish aren't floating.... just the globes.Also, the waitstaff seemed alright.  They were very polite and a majority of them were Italian-speaking.  They held a conversation very well and were quite attentive, but I'm docking points because there's a certain standard of menu knowledge and knowing the restaurant's background that I hold all waistaffs.  They didn't show any evidence of the either.My visit at Bartolotta is as clear as day since it wasn't too long ago that I went, so let me give you a summary of the dishes we ordered.Ligurian octopus salad- A LARGE portion for an appetizer.  If I had another order, I would've been borderline full.  I don't mind that, of course.Seafood risotto- HORRIBLE.  It was like porridge.  I'm not kidding you, and I"m not exaggerating.  PORRIDGE.Huge shrimps- Sorry, I can't remember their Italian name, but they were nothing special.  They weren't even that big at all.Branzino- I've always wanted to try this fish because I heard it's kind of a staple dish in Mediterranean seafood cuisine.  I was disappointed again.  My dad could cook a better bass that he spear-caught singlehandedly in the South China Sea.Beat that, Bartolotta.But seriously, I guess if your wallet was bottomless and you just wanted to be able to say you've eaten at Bartolotta, then go for it.Or you can save your money.. save the shrimps, Branzinos, octopi, and Little Mermaid's friends their plane fare from their Italian home and come to Michael Mina or something where they get fish natively and cook it twice as good.
4	Visiting the hotel for cocktails at Blush with our compatriots at the Signature Travel Show, we decided to make prior reservations at Bartolotta based on some research one of our Italian specialists did.  We were seated outside near the pool with our party of 5 and the massive wine list.  We finally had to flag down our waiter to provide us with food menus as we had already had our cocktails and were ready to choose a wine based on the fish we were going to select.  We were then treated to view the fresh fish flown in from the Med and 3 of our group decided to split the Turbot.  We all had different appetizers and I had tiny clams in a broth that were so tasty I used several pieces of the bread (there were two kinds and very plentiful) to sop up the juice.  I then had an appetizer portion of the Lasagnette of Pasta, Lobster, Shrimp, Crab, White Wine, and Tomato and again, was thrilled at the flavors and delicacy of the dish.  Wine choices were wonderful and the sommelier spent some time with us and was knowledgable and delightful at the same time.  Dessert was not a high point and you could have knocked me over with a feather when out bill came!  Having dined the previous evening at Emeril's (another story, and not so good) we knew that we would be paying for those James Beard Award points, but whew - make sure your next paycheck in unencumbered!
1	Ambience was great, and that's where it ended.... Service was so-so, food was good, but we had much better food the last two nights at Rosemarys, and b to b in the Venitian.The food was so overpriced..... Ready?  My red bull and ketel one was $18, and my wife and I split the Sea Bass which they charged us $120 for...wow!!!!  Dinner for 2 was $350 with no wine and only two drinks.Here's my beef!  I don't mind paying for a great meal...  This just wasn't great, or even close.At 2am I had my meal all over again....  Uhg.
5	I love this place. I don't know what others are complain about. I'm too lazy to read their reviews hahaha. I went with a party of 20 or something. The scallops with cheese on it is amazing! The pastas are also really good too. For dessert... omg... we had like 7 different kinds. My favorite was the lemony cake thing with the rosemary gelato on top! I was soo full afterwards. I don't know how much it cost in the end ... my uncle paid for it :]
3	The restaurant itself is gorgeous.  I really enjoyed the outdoor cabana. For the decor and setting, they get 5 stars.  But what disappointed me was the food quality.  They are ok, but the quality really doesn't suit this stunning restaurant and the taste I expected.  Their pasta was so so, their fish dish(bass) was really not good at all.  I would love to go there just to enjoy outdoor canaba and have some drinks & desserts if that is a possible option.  Other than that, I won't be dining there again.
5	I loved it here! My family celebrated my dad's new company here and the service could not have been nicer. The only thing that was off about this restaurant was that there was a lady with too much plastic surgery staring at me from the corner of the room. But, that's not the restaurants fault and hey, it's Vegas. All types there. :)
2	Dear John,Since we couldn't get a table till it became god awfully late, we decided to sit at the bar and have our meal and it was our great misfortune to have landed you as our bartender/waiter. I know you are a bartender and your job is to get us drinks primarily but not filling a water glass for our entire dinner when you're at the bar might be a cardinal sin in your line of work. You didn't offer us a dessert menu, didn't take our order, watched through the corner of your eye as we waited for some kind of attention and just generally decided we were not worth your bartender's time of day. John, you are not only an awful bartender but might also be quite a terrible person. We ordered from the vegetarian/vegan menu. For starters we had a tomato based soup with zucchini and basil. Probably the only good item for the night. It was really more of a reduction and not a soup but the point is, it tastes good. My starter was the Cocotte Parmigianno Reggiano. A custard made with strong Parmesan flavors and topped with mushrooms and brussel sprout leaves. An intriguing presentation but since I left more than half of the thimble-sized portion I'm going to go with advising you not to order this. For our mains we got 2 half portions of risotto. The whipped vegetable risotto was not all that bad but I have nothing resounding to add about it. The other risotto that comprised peas, asparagus and herbs was an assault to every taste bud I had. One bite and I was done. Forever. Since John, you did not bother to get us a dessert menu or take our order, we were kind of put off and skipped dessert. 1 star goes to your "assistant" bartender Gustavo, who tried very hard to make up for your ineptness. 1 star goes to the fact that you offer 1/2 portions on the vegan/veg menu for all the pasta offerings. The abhorrent service and disastrous food sealed this place as a "No-go" on my Vegas Italian list. With Sinatra a few yards away, it's absolutely pointless to even step into this travesty known as Bartollota.Furthermore, on our way back to the Encore parking lot, my eyes were assailed by the lines of people with copious amounts of hair gel and the tightest, most uncomfortable outfits ever known to mankind trying to make their way into their mecca known as Xcess.If anyone wants Italian here, please make your way to Sinatra and steer miles away from this joint. SincerelySang.
2	Food was great but not so amazing that it makes up for the price and more importantly, the service issues. Pretentious doesn't have to equal poor service, but it does at bartolotta. We arrived on time for our reservation, had to wait 30 min to be seated even though dining room was half empty. This was VIP res thru the exec office BTW.10 min wait for an additional menu for a straggler in our party. Waiter was missing anytime we needed something. Never got the langostines I ordered. Service was so awful that i wont even bother talking about the food. This was my first and last time at bartolotta.
5	My boyfriend and I will never forget our incredible experience sitting at the bar here. We were disappointed they had no more tables, so we have the bar a try, so glad we did. The bartender played many roles, food and drink expert, comedian, delivery man. This guy sent some to get a special kind of tequila for me from another bar in the casino. The food was mind-blowing, baby clams, seafood pasta, we really will never forget it. This is more of a thank you, the food was so damn good.
5	Amazing! if you have ever traveled to Italy and can appreciate fresh, authentic Italian food, you have found the place. Despite the mixed reviews, we decided to try it out and were extremely impressed with the experience. The fish is flown in daily from Italy-we got the branzino cooked in salt-truly melted in our mouths. The gnocchi was awesome and we also got the artichoke and mushroom salad which was also delicious. The chef/owner came by our table and brought over about 12 homemade gelatos to try. They are all made on their premise daily. Flavors:grapefruit, mango, pink grapefruit ices. pistachio, coffee, chocolate, banana, gianduia, rosemary gelatos-each and every flavor was a piece of heaven. Yes, this place is pricey, but well worth every penny. Enjoy!
3	Italian seafood is the name of the game here.   The food was fairly good, and the service was good as well.  The presentation was not great, and the setting did not overwhelm.  The wine list is very good, and the Som is sharp and knowledgeable.  "Ghost Wine" was a great term for old wine that is a shadow/ghost of what it used to be.  I would come back, but not my first choice in Vegas.
5	We found this to be a fantastic restaurant!  Incredible house-made pastas, fresh seafood, and a decent wine selection!  The wait service was attentive, knowledgeable, and respectful. Our water glasses were never empty, and the food was delivered at a very nice pace.  We never felt rushed and truly enjoyed ourselves. The only drawback to speak of:  opening, looking, and paying for the bill.  I agree with other yelp reviewers that there is very little value; borderline abuse on the wallet!
4	Food, perfect (pagello... pink snapper); wine, perfect (Pinot Nero); appetizers, perfect (cappesante d orate con porcini, insalata di piovra Ligure), dessert: coppa di mascarpone, perfect; ambience, a wonder; service: personalized *and* perfect.I've been to over a 1,000 restaurants, and it would be hard to quantify, but this was the perfect dining experience.Go and enjoy.
4	I really liked this restaurant.I believe that I need to start many of my reviews with the disclaimer that I tried "the tasting menu"   and I found it to be excellent........ravioli with black truffles were out of this world,    sardine olive paste amazing, prawns were great.......fish was fresh, service was excellent (especially the sommelier)  i thought the pacing of the tasting was too fast, it was more of a family style tasting, so you felt hurried, and the entree was just one fish, which was amazing but it didnt end with a bang....instead you felt a little stuffed, and trying to finish your last bites, tastings should be a gradual enjoyment of the menu.I will come back.......but will try some others first
5	Loved this restaurant, food was outstanding, expensive , but that is too be expected. Great Italian vine selection. Our waiter Maurizio, was from Rome and was very charming, welcoming and extremely helpful: he explained the menu and suggested the wine to go with our food. Five stars to Maurizio and Bartolotta!
4	Great service & fresh seafood imported straight from the Mediterranean.  Definitely would come back here!
3	I recently dined at Bartolotta during my stay at the Wynn this past weekend. We had scheduled a reservation well in advance and in spite of some of the reviews on the poor service I was very optimistic. It was beautifully decorated and the outside cabanas were gorgeous. We had a party of 8 and did not have to wait long for our table which was perfect. We were greeted right away by the somelier and presented with a 59 page binder of their wine list. The restaurant was extremely crowded and the entire dinner took more than 3 hours. There was such a long pause between the appetizer and main entree course that everyone was becomming wrestless and by the time the entree arrived everyone was just over it. My boyfriend and I ordered the Seafood Risotto and Ricotta Ravioli appetizers  which were fantastic! I then ordered an arugula salad with pancetta and balsamic vinegar. I thought it was so so and found the pancetta a bit tough.  Three of us decided to split the fish entree and had it served tableside with a lemon, olive oil and  garlic, marinade. Our waiter did a fabulous job deboning the fish and serving it to the three of us. This was probably one of the best points of our dinner.I found this restaurant to be upscale Italian and not for everyone. I witnessed a party of 10 men come in, be seated, look at the menu and then get up to walk out. I did enjoy the food overall and had we not had such poor service I probably would have given it 4 or 5 stars.
5	We went to Bartolotta for my girlfriend's birthday dinner. We had read some of the negative reviews on Yelp and knew that it was expensive but wanted to give it a try - we were not disappointed! It was one of the better meals of my life. The service was excellent. Our waiter, Luciano, was attentive without being overbearing. He even brought out a special birthday dessert for my girl after we had only mentioned it in passing. We were also waited on by several other staff members who would constantly provide clean silverware and plates, top up our complimentary Pellegrino and ask if we were doing okay. Great service is important, but what we had really come for was the food. By now everyone knows that Chef Bartolotta is skillful with seafood and they have their fish flown in daily so our expectations were pretty high. Rather than order one of their oven roasted fish - a costly and less exciting option - we ordered a half dozen dishes from their extensive appetizer menu. The sheep's milk ricotta ravioli was rich and creamy and the lobster ragu was delicate. But the real stars for us were the seared scallops and the marinated artichokes. So simple, but so incredible. I will be dreaming of these for years. For dessert we got a trio of gelato and sorbetti that were to die for - the best I've had outside of Italy.A fantastic experience from start to finish. My biggest recommendation would be to order from the appetizer menu - not only does it provide more variety but does less damage on your wallet. A very special meal!
4	I wasn't on Yelp back in the summer of 2005 when the restaurant first opened.  If I was, I would have definitely written a review of this place.  Just for the pure laugh factor.  Their fish presentation was atrocious and hilarious at the same time.  The waiter came out with a tray of dead fish with live, unidentifiable crustaceans crawling all over the dead fish.  My male friend and I could not stop laughing and my more sensitive female friend screamed.  Needless to say, we ordered the pasta.Fast forward to last weekend when we met some friends here for dinner.  We reserved a cabana table outside and the weather was perfect.  The dead fish with live creepy crawlies on a platter presentation is gone, unfortunately, and replaced with a rolling cart of all dead sealife on ice.  Not sure I get the point of either presentation methods.  But the service by Antonio was impeccable and the food -  delicious.As others have said, this place is expensive.  If that is a problem, just look at the menu, conveniently posted outside away from the hostess stand, and don't come in.  But if you are looking for a special night out, the tasting menu combined with some expert pairing from the sommelier (Jennifer) is a must.  We got the Bravo's Top Chef tasting menu ($175 per person).  The TV advertisement placement on a tasting menu is a little cheesy, I admit, but the execution was very good.  Everything is served family style, which is fun and different for a tasting menu.  Plus, you get a great variety of their seafood and pasta dishes, including a whole fish.  Tasty and Jennifer introduced us to some great new wines.  Sometimes red wine does go with fish!  Great desserts, too.The outside seating is on a separate reservation system, so keep that in mind when calling.  Also, you may not want to sit outside if you have a fear of bugs.  There are not a lot of them but they do exist, even in Vegas.  Plus, the weather must be perfect.  I asked and they do close it when it is windy.  Inside or outside, I suggest this restaurant for a special and unique night out.
4	This is a more romantic & subdued restaurant.  The langoustine was fantastic!!  The whole fish, however, left much to be desired because the pesto sauce was just not jiving with the fish.  Service was tip-top.
5	I was blown away by this place.  We had reserved a table out by the lagoon, which made this dinner the most romantic one we've had in Vegas.  Weather permitting, sit out there-  it's an entirely different experience!  The waiters are all imported directly from Italy, as is a large selection of wines.  For dinner, I had the Lasagnette con Ragu di Crostacei ("rags" of  pasta, crab, shrimp, langoustines, lobster, white wine, and tomato).  This is one of the best things I've ever eaten- the pasta was fresh and the seafood was perfect.  My fiance ordered the Agnolotti del Pin (classic Piemontese meat ravioli with brown butter and sage).  **I gotta say though, there is really no "he ordered, I ordered" with us.  We share everything.**  The ravioli was perfect as well.  Being the seafood eaters that we are, we couldn't resist sharing a small(ish) portion of the whole-fish John Dory.  It  seems weird to be eating fish that fresh in the dessert, but somehow they pull it off.  I didn't use the sauces they provided because the flavor and delicacy of the fish was enough for me to drool over.Overall, Bartolotta is probably my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  It's hard not to go back every time we stay at the Wynn, but I'm too much of a foodie to start repeating now.
4	It was late in the evening when we arrived in Las Vegas for a break from the real world, and decided to have a late dinner at Bartolotta. At 10:00pm, the restaurant was still busy, but were able to seat us immediately. and were quick to get us drinks to rinse the trail dust from out throats.After a careful review of the menu, I ordered the duck liver mousse with truffles, and the "rags" of pasta with lobster, crab and shrimp. My wife ordered a frisee salad, and the vegetable risotto. My mousse and pasta were extremely good, but my wife was somewhat disappointed in the risotto. On our last visit, she had the seafood risotto, and found the vegetable risotto a little dull with a one note flavour of cheese.Service was extremely good, and the fish cart is fun to review, but unfortunately none of the dishes on the cart can be ordered for one.
2	Been here number of times. Have always had good food. Yes it is pricey. And well aware of it! Last visit, we asked just for a glass of their house Cab. $28.00 later, for a houe glass. And no-one informed us.Very sneaky !!We felt very violated.When brought up to Bartender...yes this is our house. It was Brunello!
2	Been here number of times. Have always had good food. Yes it is pricey. And well aware of it! Last visit, we asked just for a glass of their house Cab. $28.00 later, for a house glass. And no-one informed us.Very sneaky !!We felt very violated.When brought up to Bartender...yes this is our house. It was Brunello!
2	being from milwaukee the name bartolotta has an emotional attachment -- there are so many great bartolotta establishments in the city. so when i was in las vegas for business i really wanted to try this place for that reason alone as well as hearing talk that, indeed, the place was great. blah blah blah the fish is flown in every day from under a rock in the middle of the mediterranean etc. etc. noone gets these fish anywhere in the world blah blah blah. i was excited!i'm sorry to say that while i certainly enjoyed myself i was underwhelmed with the meal -- especially since it cost SO much. i'm very glad i didn't have to pay. and even for free i'm not sure i would go back as there are so many great places to go in vegas. the competition is stiff in town and it seems to me that this place is now on auto-pilot. FIRST -- getting a reservation. this was one of the most annoying and insulting parts of the night. i called for a same day reservation realizing that i might not be able to get in OR i would either have to eat at 5 or 10. no big deal. totally expected even though it was a tuesday night and my instincts told me that we could get in. our ideal time would have been 7 or 7:30. when i called i was told 6 p.m. or 8:45. my party did not want to wait so i took the 6 and decided when i get back to the hotel i'll have the concierge call as sometimes tables are reserved for that very purpose. the concierge managed to get 6:30 -- a little better and we really wanted to go so i took it and cancelled the 6 p.m. when we got there the place was empty except for one table. seriously. we were seated in the back right next to the other table with people. annoying. so we proceeded with our meal -- details to come -- and as we spent at least 3 hours there, and spent a bunch of money, only one other table came in. so we could have come at 7 or 7:30 and the fact that we were seated directly next to another party was unnecessary for both tables involved. SECOND -- the meal.it was OK. there were some delicious moments for sure -- but worth the money? absolutely not. there were four of us who all liked to eat so we decided we would order a million different things and share them so we could taste as much of the menu as possible. this was our choice despite the server heavy-handedly trying to force tasting menus down our throats. some standouts were the grilled octopus salad, the rabbit loin, a risotto i forget but remember it was tasty and the parm-regg custard with wild mushrooms and brussel sprout leaves. we ordered the lasagnette primi that bobby flay raved about on the food network and it was just ok. it wasn't hot for one and didn't seem to have the love in it that it could have. now that i think of it that is the theme. no love in the food. AUTOPILOT. and you can tell the difference. we also ordered a whole scorpion fish that again was fine but not spectacular. NO LOVE!THIRD -- the wine. they have a great wine list albeit it completely overpriced. and we drank some good bottles. unfortunately the server didn't seem to know that much about the wines i was interested in so i picked between two finalists and it was delicious. white burgundy. it wasn't until we switched to red that i was informed there was a sommelier who could help me out. if i recall correctly his name is gordon -- and he was fantastic! he picked a red that went with about 10 different dishes and i wish he would have been around to advise with the first bottle. and stupid me forgot what the red was he chose because it was so unique, flexible and delicious i want to find it. oh well.when i travel (or not) and eat at very expensive restaurants i want to see value in it. meaning the food should be so great that i don't care how much it costs. and i'm willing to pay. this was a case when there was no emotional, culinary or financial value for the money and it totally bummed me out! i was routing for the home team. back to lake park bistro! or bacchus!
5	Too bad I can't just double the star rating and then double it again. We had a feast and it was the best dining experience my wife and I have EVER had. Yes, that says a lot. This is not a place to go when you are reading the prices on the menu, it is EXPENSIVE ... live with it and relish it.I think any negative review has to be taken with a grain of salt .. this place is so amazing in presentation and quality.Let's start with the seafood - flown in fresh each day from the Med. Prepared by consummate experts and presented with enjoyment and elegance. Want a sense of what it would be like to be a judge on Iron Chef, only with more than you can possibly eat in one sitting? This is it. The spectacular finale was the desserts (and I know the table next to us had the same spread for 4 that we had for the two of us - 12 different desserts ... all equally magnificent.Go, enjoy, treat yourself to the best ... and remember to take a paycheck or more for when it is time for the bill ... worth EVERY PENNY!!!
2	"Meh". Exactly. 2 stars. Just as Yelp! would appropriately rate this place with symbols.I love seafood. I've been to many fine dining establishments, but this place doesn't deserve to be on the LV Strip. Everything tasted VERY bland. Nothing creative about this place at all. I spent the same amount on dinner as I did at Providence in Los Angeles and let me tell you... Providence is facking AMAZING! Worth every penny. Bartolotta...? What happened? Service: Friendly. Funny. Knowledgeable.Ligurian Octopus Salad: Fresh. Tasteless. Nothing spectacular here. Presentation was mediocre. I guess I shouldn't expect much from an octopus salad.Sheep's Milk Ricotta Ravioli: Meh. Didn't taste like much. Really, I couldn't even taste cheese.Turbot: This was the whole fish we ordered for my boyfriend and I to share by the recommendation of our server. I don't know what to say here, only that it was cooked well - moist and tender, but like all other dishes it was tasteless. I almost wanted to ask for salt but didn't want to offend our server who recommended it and the chef (who obviously prepared it). The only decent dish here was their complimentary dessert. My boyfriend and I were celebrating an anniversary and the server brought out a rich chocolate cake with ice cream. THAT was delicious! The rest of dinner... not so much.
5	Amazing! Expensive! Pretentious!
4	I've been to Bartolotta a couple times now and I'm shocked that it has an average of 3.5 For me it is in the 4 to 4.5 range. When entering Bartolotta, on the way to your table, you walk down an amazing staircase to the beautiful dining room. If you love fresh fish and well prepared pastas this is the place for you. All the fish is flown in and the diversity is a great. However, my favorite dish was the Bucatini Amatriciana. The thick pasta in a red sauce with the salty pieces of pancetta wes perfect. Quality, Quality, Quality! We also were able to meet the chef at the end of night. That is a big plus when the chef is actually there in the kitchen, unfortunately that is not the trend anymore. It is a bit pricey and that may be part of why they have lower stars, but if you love great quality ingredients give them a shot.
1	We were very disappointed.  The food was ok at best.  The menu was limited.  I can't recommend this place.The wine list was good and the service was good.  The setting is great (everything at the Wynn is nice).
3	We had a decent size party and we ran into a time crunch so it was a little rushed, which was unfortunate and certainly not the restaurants fault.  That said, we did a family style type menu and while the fish was fresh and filleted at the table and the seafood all tasted pretty good, it did not knock my socks off like I was hoping it would.  The flavors were not anything special, it was good, but it was not great....
2	Our hungry party of 6, looking to be wined and dined Vegas style, were thrilled at being able to get a late night reservation via our bartender at Parasol Down in the Wynn.  What started out well, ended with two words....very disappointing. The single biggest problem was that it took way too long to get everyone's food. Two of us opted to splurge and go for the ultimate dining experience ordering the special Top Chef menu selections.  You would expect the Bravo Top Chef Menu @ $175 per person to blow us away right?  I wanted so badly for each dish to reach the Top Chef mark and be better than anything I've had the pleasure of savoring before, but it just never took me there.  As each course was brought out, I could see the anticipation of the rest of our party, but because it was portioned for 2 we could not share the wealth so to speak.  Instead everyone else got filled up on bread and drinks by the time their entrees were served. We'd been promised "gifts of the Mediterranean", but at the end of the night it turned out to be the longest, most expensive journey on our quest for food perfection. It did not live up to the Vegas hype.  I don't know who to blame for a lackluster and well below par Las Vegas dining experience.  Initially, there wasn't going to be any compensation for having our group of 6 wait for two plus hours for the main courses, but after speaking to the manager they comped 4 meals and only charged us for the 2 Top Chef menus.  There were too many courses to mention and only a couple of stand out dishes.  Was the food fresh? Yes. Were the dishes authentic? Yes.  However, far too few pluses and several irking moments make it highly unlikely that we would return or recommend this restaurant when there are so many other great options to choose from.
5	Why the low ratings people? Bartolotta was genuinely a great meal with great service. We had no complaints at all well except that we didn't have enough time to enjoy our dinner.  We made reservations for 4 here for a Saturday the day of and had no problems getting in for around 7:15. They asked us if it was for any special occasion and we told them that it was a bachelorette party.Once we arrive, we only waited a few minutes to be showed to our table. This restaurant is very impressive and the decor is bold and rich and very thoughtful. We were greeted by the hostess that lead us down the spiral staircase to our table. It was so wonderful because we were sat by the open windows overlooking the lagoon and the outside Cabanas. We couldn't have asked for a better table with the exception of the cabanas of course.After being seated, we were greeted by our lovely, fun, and energetic server, Antonio, from Sicily, Italy. He was so great the entire time. Because we were scared that we wouldn't make it to our show, Le Reve, I informed him that we were trying to catch a show. His response, "Bella I and fly to Italy and back in that time." Later we found out from our sommelier who'd overheard my question that Antonio in fact could. He was a pilot in the Italian Air Force. I love that it was an upscale place but made us feel relax and the staff wasn't stuffy.Our sommelier helped us picked out a mid price bottle of white wine to accommodate our dinner. Fist course: The seared Scallops, which were perfectly cooked, but nothing special and was overpriced for 2 pieces. We also ordered the seafood risotto and the seafood lasgnatte. Both were tasted wonderful and had great consistency. Second Course: We ordered a snapper baked in a lemon garlic butter. It is brought out whole and the server plates it table side. We ordered the acqua pazza which is garlic, tomatoes, and white wine. It was light with enough acidic and sweetness to balance with the the light flaky fish. This was my favorite part of the meal.Dessert: We decided to skip out on the dessert because for one we were cutting it close and the other we were completely satisfied from the dinner.   I will definitely be coming back to Bartolotta for the fresh selection of seafood, the great wine, and of course the outstanding service.  Oh and it didn't hurt that the table next to us ordered us a couple of free rounds of drinks too ;)
4	Food - amazing.  Hands down the best pasta ever.  I'm still trying to duplicate the fresh pasta recipe at home without success.   I recommend going to the bar and ordering a glass of wine and some a la carte items.  If you sit down for dinner, you will spend hundreds of dollars, and I don't think the service levels at the restaurant justify the prices.
2	Slow service and good food.We sat 30 minutes after our scheduled reservation time, even though half the restaurant was visibly empty.Received terribly slow service from our head waiter and second waiter, enough to forget his charming accent.All interaction with service staff was rushed because they offered no time.Table environment was amazingly comfortable and practical.  Big table space.Food was super tasty and very savory.  Would've liked to have seen a simpler approach to more of the seafood, though.Wine prices were nearly double the normal mark-up at a restaurant of this caliber, with no help offered by the somelier or head waiter.At $200/person, it should be much, much better.Maybe they had off night?  But then again, these kinds of places shouldn't.
3	Five of us had dinner here recently since we were staying at the Wynn.  While the food was enjoyable, I cannot rate this restaurant higher was due to the service which was the worst of any high-end restaurant I've ever been to.We ordered the Gran Menu di Mare which featured an assortment of seafood, but they served us instead the Menu di Paranza, one of many service mistakes of the night.   The appetizer course consisted of small dishes of:  Ligurian octopus salad (outstanding!!  Best dish of the night); baby clams with tomato sauce (so-so); seared scallops with porcini mushrooms (outstanding); and charcoal-grilled amberjack (good).   The Menus are really a great way t try many of their offerings.Pastas were a seafood risotto (so-so); ricotta ravioli (another outstanding dish, probably one of the best pastas I've ever had in my life); and small rigatoni with scorpion fish and egglant (so-so -- could barely see or taste the fish).The main course was a whole roasted branzino.  I've had whole roasted fish in Greece and France and am used to paying a pretty penny for it, so was not super surpised that the a la carte price for the fish was around $100.   That said, I'm so glad I didn't order this a la carte -- while the fish was good, it didn't blow my socks off and was on the small size compared to similarly priced fish in Europe.  We went with the waiter's recommendation of sauces:   the cruda (tomatoes, arugula, olive oil) was very light and paired beautifully with the fish, but the Palermitana was too heavy for such a delicate fish and overwhelmed the branzino.By this time we weren't served dessert yet, but our 9.30 "Le Reve" show was starting in a few minutes so we had to rush out after only a bite of the desserts.   This was very frustrating since when I made the reservation, I asked several times if the time would be okay for the show and they assured me that it was plenty of time.   Then again, the reservationist also assured me that we could sit outside by the pool, but when we arrived we were told there were no spots there.In addition to serving my husband & I the wrong menu, the server also put in the wrong order for another member of our group.  And though we said we were in a bit of a hurry to catch the show, it took FOREVER for our food to come out.   It was also very difficult to flag down the waiter when we needed water refills and to get our check.I would be hesitant to go back to Bartolotta for a full meal, but the octopus salad was really special and I may visit just for that and other small bites.   Just beware if you're going here pre-theatre to stick to only a couple dishes, and allow yourself plenty of time.
1	Two words: HUGELY DISAPPOINTING!We ordered a drink at the bar and took in the beautiful setting on our way to our outside dining table. I give one star for the setting as it is a beautiful restaurant. Everything declined moving forward. It took a while for our waiter to greet us. He quickly explained the menu and he was friendly but rushed off before we could ask questions. We told him we planned to order a bottle of Barolo and he indicated that he would send the sommelier right over. After 20 minutes, he came back and said she was MIA and he would try to help us. She then stormed to our table and rudely said to all of us "I told you I was decanting a bottle of wine at another table!". She quickly reviewed some extremely overpriced bottles and when I inquired about one she mentioned initially as putting on the list herself, she told me she put them all on the list. When my husband asked about which wines she had tried recently, she replied that she had tried all of them. We found her to be extremely rude and arrogant. We settled on a $238 bottle that was good but the mark up was ridiculous. Later, we observed the sommelier yelling at our waiter in front of other guests dining outside. She was literally the rudest and unprofessional sommelier we have ever experienced.On to the food... we decided to splurge and order the Gran Menu di Mare tasting menu at $155 pp. We thought it was pricey but were looking forward to an outstanding meal with great service. We were sorely disappointed. The appetizers were good but nothing stood out for us. The swordfish was overcooked and was served on something that was so bitter, it was inedible. The pasta dishes were good with the exception of the seafood risotto which was not good. We had been told we would get some tuna and when we asked where it was, we were told that it was minced in the sauce with the swordfish which was awful! We waited quite a while for our main fish dish and once again, were sorely disappointed. It was a whole sea breem and tasted like it had been baked. It was cold by the time it was served to us, mushy and so fishy, it was inedible. The waiter only checked on us one time and inquired as to why I had not eaten the fish and I told him I didn't like it. He quickly said sorry and rushed off and we never saw him again! The desserts weren't even good - nothing was really even sweet. It was the oddest combination of desserts I have ever seen and the only thing that was enjoyable, was the itsy bitsy scoop of coffee gelatto. Last but not least, the bill arrived to the tune of $600+. It goes on the record as one of the most expensive meals we have ever had and one of the worst as well. We regret not dining at Michael Mina as we loved it in San Francisco and thought we should try something new. What a bad decision that was and we will NEVER go back to Bartolotta.
3	My wife and I had an excellent meal here while visiting LV for a convention.  The food was delicious, 4-star+ quality, the service was great, it was just SOOOOO over-priced I have to knock it down to Earth.Our meal consisted of: -A delicious ravioli appetizer- (5 or 6 pieces)-An Arugula / Pancetta salad (tiny)-A turbot (like a sole)- flown in from the Mediterranean, shared for 2.  This fishy cost us about $150, so it flew on business class for sure.-A shared dessert (it was delicious)-2 glasses of wineTotal (with tip)- just over $300The meal was great- top to bottom, but every item was relatively acceptable to small in size, and simply super expensive.  I can't say I won't ever return, because the food truly was great, however the value is suspect and it would be much easier for me to return if I had a comp from the casino!
5	How does this place not have a better ratting?! We reserved a cabana and sat outside with a stunning view next to the large koi pound. We had the Top Chef tasting menu and were blown away by several of the dishes. Of what I remember, my favorite things included the octopus, which was literally the most amazing octopus I've ever had. It was incredibly tender. I also love the rigatoni with seafood! Large pieces of lobster and a light tomato sauce made this dish irresistible. The Spanish shrimp were also swoon worthy. They were sweet and delicate and melted in my mouth. We had our ravioli's topped with white truffles because, hey, it's Vegas and if you are going to indulge anywhere, it might as be here. This was my favorite thing of the night and I was practically licking my plate. I think I would have licked the plate if no one were watching :)Finally the fish we had in a salt crust with zucchini was up there with the best fish I've ever had. We were soo full but there was still dessert! And I am never one to turn down dessert. An assortment of 3 gelatos, 3 sorbets and 3 granitas nicely made their way to the center of our table. Next was a panna cotta, a rum cake and a lemon cake. The winner was a chocolate cake with banana gelato. Yummy. I was beyond stuffed but this was one of those times when it's well worth it!
5	A truly wonderful dining experience. Loved the atmosphere, the menu and the friendliness of the staff
1	Vegas in October perfect weather and a perfect opportunity to check out new dining options after a full day of Golf and the prelude to an evening of gambling at our favorite Casino. Of course being with 7 Guys plus myself who don't go to Vegas that often and allowing them to select a restaurant of their choice they came up with Bartolotta in the Wynn. Arriving to a handsomely appointed two story dining experience with Crystal Chandeliers, well appointed bar, spiral staircase to the lower level which was a more romantic setting along with some upstairs tables off to the side where are party of 8 began our adventure into the world of "Mediterranean Seafood" After being seated ordering a good amount of pre dinner drinks we began to peruse this rather shall we say interesting menu.  Also our waiter rolled a cold tank on wheels to our table opening up to show us the various fresh fish not normally found on your North American Menu's with some live  "Langoustines" which to be honest look like some sort of cross between a Lobster, giant shrimp and nuclear reactor mishap.   It's a diverse menu with many items as stated you don't see regularly. 7 persons ordered the "TASTING MENU" and 1 person stuck to the land lover route. Let me do the Land Lover first having an appetizer of the Ravioli Toscana which was made with sheep's milk ricotta, and Marsala wine glaze. Perhaps the best thing that was tasted all night $17.00.  His entree was a Grilled Veal Chop with a Rosemary glaze mashed potatoes and a vegetable. Good but nothing great at $52.00  The Tasting menu of $175.00 per person went something like this.   Each dish contained exactly 7 items or enough for 7 persons to share.  Sea Scallops, the afore mentioned nuclear reactor type langoustines, Octopus salad, Sardines, Various dishes of pasta with vegetables and fish, risotto with fish, Fresh Bronzini, some clams, Tuna, and yada yada yada.  They threw in without telling us some deserts that they up the $175.00 per person to $187.00Last but not least the wine list was so over priced I almost gagged.  I won't even get into trying to describe each dish as look it was fresh, it was different but this is simply NOT MY TYPE OF PLACE and no matter how much I tried, I couldn't nor could 7 of our 8 dining patrons justify anything about the price or food that would every make me consider going back.  The service was top notch the place very nice, but I don't get the draw unless your European and like this type of food or simply craving to be knee capped with a bill that was almost $1900.00 for 8 of us with Wine & Drinks.  Sorry Guys EL PASO.  This is the second restaurant I've eaten at the Wynn / Encore that was awful upon conclusion aside from the ambience and the service so perhaps I see a trend here. With so many other options in Las Vegas I'll stick to what I know.
3	Still in Vegas but had to post a review because really had an unimpressive dinner the other night.  Reservations were made and we were seated promptly.  Service was great and is why I'm giving 3 instead of two stars.  Great wine list although we just got a few wines by the glass.  They were nice enough to give us a taste of each to make sure we liked them.  Started with the sea scallop appetizer which was really good.  My wife got the seafood risotto and I tried it....it reinforced my opinion that if you want good risotto, you should stay home and make it yourself because rarely is restaurant risotto any good....it just takes too much time to make the right way, and restaurants don't have the time so they usually cook it part way then finish it.  I couldn't decide between two pasta entrees so I ordered them both...a seafood lasagnette dish and the spaghetti with lobster.  Both had good flavor but the spaghetti wasn't cooked enough and just didn't taste good....and later I learned it wasn't homemade.  The taste of the sauce and lobster was good but the pasta just ruined it....For $38, and at the freakin' Wynn, why would you serve anything but homemade pasta....it was really disappointing.  The other pasta dish was the seafood lasagnette which was made with fresh pasta and you could absolutely tell the difference.  Pasta was delicious.  The seafood that was mixed in was just okay, and the sauce had good flavor, but overall I wasn't pleased with my meal and left disappointed.  I have been more satisfied with my meal at italian chain restaurants.  With 3 glasses of wine, the bill was about 200 bucks.  They specialize in Mediterranean seafood but my wife and I couldn't agree on a fish, and you typically split a whole fish, which is why we went with our pasta dishes....the fish might be spectacular but they should put an equal amount of energy into their pasta dishes, or take them off the menu.  And please, for Pete's sake, fresh pasta only!In summary, great service, but the food just doesn't make coming here worth it.  I won't be back.
1	I have never been more disrespected at a restaurant like this place! My husband and I were taking a walk, came across Bartolotta and decided to go in. We were seated outside over the pool which was nice but it was chilly out, the waitress assured me there were heaters so I sat closer to one so I won't be cold. Well once a group of men came to sit at the table next to me the waitress decided to shut the heat off with out asking us if it was alright and then when I asked y it was turn off her response was well they don't want the heat. Um excuse me is my money not as green as there's?? Shouldn't I have been asked if it was alright to shut it considering I was there first? NO these guys were high rollers and the staff was bending over back wards for them with out putting into consideration the surrounding tables. Then the waitress asked if I wanted her shawl... I was like no way! Then some one else asked if we would change out seats meanwhile our food was right behind them, I said no again. We order a half bottle of wine which was $40 because the full bottles were over priced. We proceeded with a pasta dish with sea food it was tasty but not worth $58 and then we had ordered a fish to split with some sides ONE Mediterranean Branzino $120, I was shocked and then dessert which tasted old to me. In conclusion, I will never be returning to this place again. Overpriced is not the word for an alright meal and rude staff. Don't waste your time.
3	Really, really excited for my night here.  Made reservation through my credit card company, fearing my hotel concierge wouldn't come through, as we weren't staying on-property. We were seated upstairs, which had less ambience than Parasol Up, the high-traffic albeit somewhat posh lobby bar down the hall.  Noisy and a constant parade of the Jersey Shore crowd headed to XS and Tryst. No offense, but a bit chav-tastic for dinnertime. And this is Vegas....We were seated at 8:45 on a Friday night. Server informed us they were already sold out of langoustine, the signature dish. Really? After we pestered him twice to inquire, sure enough they were able to come up with six for our table. This defies logic. Maybe because we said, "We came for the langoustine." Who knows?The langoustine didn't disappoint. Everything you've heard and more. I cannot come up with the words to do it justice. That crustacean didn't die in vain. There, I've said it.Proceeded on to entrees. Three of us had the red snapper special, two split the red snapper on the regular menu, and one conscientious objector had the filet. I was among those who had the special. Looks 10, dance 3. Beautiful presentation, ahhhmazing sauce, fishy fish. Coulda, shoulda, woulda had the sea bass.I'm not a dessert eater, but my dining parters raved about the gelato and sorbets.Bottom line, by all means go and experience the wonder that is the langoustine. But there are better places in Vegas for the rest. Though I die a little inside saying it, I won't be back. Sorry Bartolotta, I wanted to love you but ended up only loving things about you.
5	I just read another review of Bartolotta where someone said "How does this place not have a better ratting?!"  I couldn't agree more.  I went here for my first anniversary, and couldn't have picked a better place.I guess it's a little pricey, and it's pretty much impossible to order a whole fish for just 2 people.  Other than that, I can't figure out anything to complain about.My wife and I got a bunch of small plates, and they were unbelievable for what they were.  Great seafood, great pasta, and I think I liked the salad (with grilled artichokes) best, which surprised me.  The outdoor seating is beautiful and romantic, our servers were funny and friendly.
5	Highlights:  branzino (sea bass) carved table-side, the langoustines, vanilla semifreddo with figs, great service, romantic decor, wine list.I'm surprised the other ratings aren't higher.  My wife and I ate here for Christmas dinner, 2011.  We were seated upstairs near the back -- we asked not to be seated next to the busy shopping hallway.  It was cozy and romantic.  The decor was classy and beautiful.The waiter took our drink orders -- Kir Royale for my wife and prosecco for me.  Next, he brought over the case of fish and crustaceans on ice that everyone talks about.  Fascinating presentation:  He explained what each creature was and that they had been swimming in the Mediterranean less than 48 hours before.  He turned us on to the langoustines and branzino (sea bass), so we order those two, along with a lasagnette con ragu di crostacei and corniglio (rabbit) wrapped in pancetta (bacon).The langoustine came first.  It looked like a giant prawn or a small lobster.  It tasted a like lobster, but sweeter.  It was hard work, but worth the effort.  Some of the loveliest shellfish I've ever had!Next, the appetizers, the lasagnette was clearly handmade and perfectly tender, however the corniglio was much better:  The salty pancetta was a perfect pair with the tender rabbit meat.  The wilted greens were a lovely accompaniment.Then came the star of the show:  The whole intact roasted branzino arrived on a cart.  The waiter expertly removed the skin, head and tail, then sliced the flesh and placed it gently on two plates.  My wife asked him to leave her the tail and the head, which he placed on a separate plate.  We had ordered three sauces which arrived in gravy boats -- tomato-olive-caper (my favorite), tomato-garlic, and arugala-vinegrette (my wife's favorite).  The fish was so tender, flaky and tasty.  My wife admitted not expecting it to be so good!For desert, we ordered the vanilla semifreddo with wine sauce and figs (for me) and pistacchio gelato (for her).  We both agreed the semifreddo was the better - by far - of the two. I ordered a glass of effervescent Moscato D'Asti, and after my wife tried it, she immediately ordered a glass for herself.  Fantastic ending to a magnificent dinner.We'll definitely be back.  Thank you, Chef Bartolotta!  And Happy New Year!
5	I'm surprised by the low ratings, but then the reviews are either people complaining that it took a while or that it's expensive.Hey, guess what?  If you want fast food at cheap prices, there are PLENTY of options in Vegas.Alas, this is one of the fanciest, most exquisite restaurants in Las Vegas.  Beautiful from top to bottom, truly a sexy restaurant.  The service is 5-Star.  Attentive.  Multiple waiters, assistants, and other staff.  They are the epitome of professional and know their stuff.  Our party of 6 ordered two whole fish (branzino and john dory) and sure, we added some fresh truffle.  Why not?  We had than langoustine (AMAZING!), pasta, cured meats, pecorino - most things flown in fresh from Italy that day.The wine list was extensive, the cocktails were delicious.  The desserts were nice and pretty and tasty.Dinner for 6 with a good amount of wine and several courses and the fresh truffles ran us $2,000.00... and was worth every penny of it.  I'm not going to lie, though - I'm glad we were treated :)An EXCELLENT restaurant for a special occasion or celebration.
2	This restaurant is inside Wynn Hotel.  There are two same name in Yelp but I just want to make sure I am writing the right one. We had tasting menu, jumbo shrimp, and lamb.   Tasting menu was very very bad. Appetizers were some sea food, taste not very fresh and some rissoto not hot enough when it came out and not tasteful enough.   Penne with tomato sauce.... very simple taste. I think my friend can make better than this.  I am serious.  And the main dish was fish with some sauce, taste very bad.  Fish was not as fresh and sauce.... bad.  I am very disappointed with this high price.  I expected more.  Much cheaper Italian restaurant can do better than this.  Because of special event, I chose this restaurant.    But, the dessert at the end, three kind of ice cream, one is grapefruit sherbert , and other two, all taste good. And ice cream is chocolate coating  was really good.  ONLY DESSERT was good.  Lamb was ok. I can have this kind of lamb at other restaurant.   If with this high price restaurant menu, they should make more effort to do better.  Tasting menu is Representative of the restaurant.  When tasting dish came out, the  waiter never explained what they made of.  Only one  waiter who brought dessert explained nicely.This is my honest opinion.
5	AMAZING!! All of the food was incredible, and the decor and atmosphere was great. Expensive, but worth it.
2	This place is beyond overrated.  I don't want to knock the service because that was very good (though I feel we were somewhat pushed to order more than was needed) but seriously, what a scam.  One dish was just bad. Pasta was fair and the fish was good but way to expensive (and why not bring the potatoes after they filet the fish so they are at least warm).  Bartolotta was too busy kissing the ass of the people who bought white truffles for 90 bucks a piece, and hanging with the truffle reps to care about what was going on in the kitchen. I wanted to say something to him but ultimately decided against it but am now regretting it.  I usually use Yelp to write about good meals that I've had.  Enough people complain about bad meals.  This was one situation that I felt I needed to share about.
3	What was good was great, and what wasn't was just okay, but not terrible. Good news first - the langoustines were easily one of the best things we had all night, and I'm not sure I've ever had such perfectly cooked scallops. The vongole were also a big hit, as was the parmesean custard, which was on the vegetarian menu. The higlight of our meal BY FAR was a buttery fresh pasta dish with a layer of fresh truffles shaved on top. It was so amazing, I can't even. On to the bad - I thought my octopus salad was a little chewy, but it was dressed in a really high quality olive oil, which was delicious. So it might just have been an eexecution thing, or maybe I'm really picky about octopus. I also thought the lasagnette fell totally flat. The pasta was kind of gummy and the sauce wasn't anything special. I also thought the lobster was just okay, it wasn't as tender as I like.This is not a place for you if you are in a rush. We were seated 10 minutes late for our reservation and it was a while before anyone took our drink order or gave us menus. I'm all for taking my time with dinner but, please, give me a drink first! Not sure I'd return...
5	My favorite restaurant! You must sit outdoors! Food is mouth watering! Great vegan options.
1	So overpriced - and service did not come anywhere near the cost of the experience.  The wine steward was the best service we had and one of the food runners.  Would recommend - save your pennies and avoid this overpriced, lack of ambiance location.
5	I lived for a time in Venice and became addicted to the fresh regional fish.  I was pleasantly surprised that Bartolotta features many of the same fish, taken from Italian waters, delivered fresh to Las Vegas.  I can't emphasis the word delicate more.  The fish is mild, flaky, with superior mouth feel and taste.  The pastas that serve as a second course are perfect, with an amazing simple tomato sauce that speaks to fresh.  The wait staff is also Italian, and deliver this to the highest standard.  Probably one of the best restaurants in America for Italian seafood.
4	I tried this place with my husband two weeks ago. The food is delicious, they have the best Mediterranean fish (My husband got half fish, grilled with lemon, tomato capers sauce... soooo Yummy), and their Ravioli was really good, but the langoustines were so tiny and not worth the price. $30 for the Extra Large Langoustine and we barely got one Teaspoon of meat! they are really small as appetizers. Don't recommend.Overall, the ambiance was nice except that we were surrounded by larger parties of 8-10people. Also, the waiter behaved unprofessionally; he was very pushy at the beginning to sell us the Whole fish (Though I'm glad we ended up trying the half fish) and didn't gave us so much attention! He just took the order and never  showed up again to check on us, probably because he was busy with the larger groups! Also, we saw him arguing with other servers :)) It was so funny because we didn't feel that this is 5star service.Anyhow, we would definitely go back for the food.
1	I've eaten at many 5 star restaurants in my life,  and I've got to say that this was THE worst !!!   For the prices they are charging, they should be treating you like a king.   Well that wasn't the case.   The place is beautiful, but unfortunately that's about it.  There are so many things wrong with this place that I can't list them all here.    I'll just touch on the major points.   After the waiter tried to explain the menu to us I was exhausted !!   He said that the fish was ordered by the ounce, but you had to order it in 3 oz increments.  Also you had to have at least 2 people at your table to order the same fish .   And,  the fish is weighed before it is filleted at the table.   What ??   Yeah I know, we couldn't understand what he was saying either.  Then you have the langoustines They're between $30 to $40 each and they're not much bigger than a JUMBO shrimp.  Also, they make a big deal about being raised in their own 50,000 gallon tank.  Big deal !!  Even as an appetizer, you need to order 3 or4 of these.  The taste was very bland and nothing special.  I've had better from Costco or SAMs club.   So, after we wait a log time for our apps and very slow service, we get the bill.   They charged us $345 for the Sea Bass !!!    For one fish !!!   Are you kidding me ?   There was enough for two guys to split, that's it.I never heard of any restaurant charging $345 for one filet of fish.  That's insulting !!   Don't waste you time and MONEY with this place.
1	Service not so good and I've had better pasta @ olive gardenPrices outrageousBright spot was sommelier
5	One word, wow! The food the staff the ambiance. The fish was so good we just kept ordering and ordering by the end of the night we had every fish on the cart. Truly worth every dime.
2	OOSH!Okay. I hate reviewing this place because it's mostly seafood and I'm allergic, but I guess that gives those people who are seafood intolerant a good review, right?Okay lets start withhhhh... The food heh?First of all, they have virtually no options except one dish for the people with seafood allergies. I know they had a couple different options but I am not TOO adventurous... It was a goat cheese ravioli with a very very rich mushroom cream sauce. I could've probably had one and been full.I had a caprese (sp?) salad as well. The mozzarella was extremely fresh but it was overwhelming with all the tomatoes in it.Overall I wouldn't go back. The ambiance was very... hoity-toity, but if you're into that go for it. I felt like a fish out of water here (haha get it?)VERY expensive also...
1	On our last night in Vegas, we wandered around taking in the sights (since there was little of that most of the trip) and walking back to our hotel, we passed by this restaurant.  It is pretty, like all things in the Wynn.  The BF chatted with the bartender, and all of a sudden, we are getting a table.  I thought ok, I'll try the 3-course $60 dollar option.  Somehow that didn't happen, as the BF got talked into the tasting menu. And a bottle of wine.  Of course we got the whole long talk about how the fish is flown in daily, and the langosta came from this island Steve Wynn was visiting, and Steve said to the fisherman "I want them all!" so now the island only sells to Steve....So after all that talking, the food was TERRIBLE.  The pasta's were so "eh," the one scallop that we got each was in a balsamic vinegar that was terrible (I love scallops, just salt pepper and olive oil makes them perfect, come on!) and the whole fish, the alleged best part, was too small for the $140+ per person that we paid.  By the time the server pulled the fish a part to give us the meat on it, I would say I had like a 2 1/2 to 3 ounce portion, which includes the stewed tomato thing that was on it as a sauce.Almost $500 dollars later, we left, still hungry, not satisfied, and so upset.  I looked at the yelp reviews and I see a mix of one stars and 5 stars- please DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE 5 stars that you see!  Go somewhere else!
3	While in Vegas we decided to go out for one fancy dinner. Italian + seafood sounded awesome.When we walked up to the hostess desk, all four women completely ignored us, then assisted the couple behind us and sat them at the bar to wait. When one girl finally looked reproachfully over and asked for our reservation she told us we'd have to wait, not offering the bar as an option.As we were seated, over twenty minutes later, two waiters had a tiny amusing dispute over who would wait on us. They were both very nice. Skipping the wine list, we decided on mixed drinks, which were okay but not worth the price. The decor was fab, and I wanted to see the grotto area. The seafood risotto was good but I don't like my pasta al dente [is that how risotto should be? too nutty, ick], the chicken was tasty, and the seared beef had no flavor but was very tender and juicy.It was amusing watching two guys get their fish carved up. Boy, I sure hope they enjoyed that expensive as heck fish. Total we were there two hours, and when we left at 10.30 there was still a big line waiting to be seated. Overall, we weren't blown away by our choice for a fancy dinner, and definitely preferred our drunk night at In-N-Out.
4	Very good (but not perfect) and very expensive.Atmosphere & ServiceGorgeous space filled with beautiful people. The best thing about sitting down in Bartolotta is the WONDERFUL smell coming from the kitchen. I would consider coming back to sit and drink at the bar just to smell the place again. Service was fantastic, of course. I felt like our waiter's recommendations were a bit off.DrinksI had an immaculate sidecar. I also had a perfectly wonderful glass of some sauvignon blanc blend that was VERY good with my entree.FoodThe bread service came out and it looked lovely but it honestly wasn't that great. Bartolotta is playing the food game at a high level, but their bread service isn't up to par with the rest of what they're doing.I ordered the sheep's milk ricotta ravioli as an appetizer - it was AMAZING. It was the best dish I tasted at Bartolotta. For my entre I chose the roast chicken, which was perfectly cooked over asparagus and some other veggies. The chicken was moist and delicious, with a nice, slightly crispy skin on top - a very nice presentation of an admittedly boring menu selection. Had I no budget to think of I would have ordered the seafood stew, but i just couldn't swing it.Two of my friends ordered a whole fish - pink snapper? I tasted some of it and wasn't too impressed. Although the fish was cooked perfectly and the table-side preparation was fun to watch, the sauce that went with it (recommended by our waiter) wasn't a good fit. It was an olive oil and tomato number that was unbalanced, the acid overpowered the delicate nature of the fish. Had I ordered this as my entree I would have been very disappointed as it was $$$$ expensive.Overall it was a very good experience, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it if you've got the money to blow. I'd love to try one of the chef's tasting menus but wasn't up for the $155 price tag last night.
5	YUM, YUM and more YUM.  I am really surprised reading the other reviews here.  I loved this place.  Food was fantastic and I had a hard time deciding what to order.  The tasting menus all sounded delicious, but we decided to order a la carte instead.  I loved the concept of fresh imported fish flying in from Italy daily.  The presentation of the daily selections was interesting, albeit a bit overwhelming. I tried octopus here and actually liked it a lot (I am usually not a fan AT ALL). Amazing salt encrusted fish.  Delicious imported langoustines.  Fresh and perfectly prepared. I enjoyed every part of my meal.  Seating was cozy and service impeccable.  I will be back for sure.
4	Chef Paul Bartolotta is obsessed with making your experience as close as possible to dining at an Italian seaside villa.  To do so, seafood is flown in from the Mediterranean.  Mushrooms he uses were plucked from Italian soil.  Several Yelpers noted their waiters spoke fluent Italian.  The waiter for our table was actually Latino and was fluent in Spanish. Close enough.Try not to get piss drunk at the casino before coming here because you need to do math.  This restaurant sells their fish whole, priced by dollars per 100 grams. Divide that by the number of diners.   Also, it helps if you're dining with a cocaine dealer so he can explain what 100 grams of anything looks like.  It's no surprise that many Yelpers complained about being sucker punched by the bill.Many reviewers also griped about the simplicity of the food.  For the cash you're spending, there are better places if you're on a Vegas safari for an artistic and innovative meal.  Bartolotta publicly admits he's not a creative chef.   His plating is slightly better than Olive Garden.  But close your eyes...this is not the garlicky, red-sauced, heavily-cheesed Italian food Americans are used to.  The dishes we tried were fresh, light, and uncomplicated.  Ingredients were kept to a minimum, serving to enhance instead of obscure.  Simple Italian seafood, cooked to delicious perfection.  Mouth, welcome to Sardinia.
2	The food was fine. As usual, the appetizers are better than most of the entrees. Expensive? Yes, but that doesn't matter if the food and service warrant it. However, in the case of Bartolotta, the service was horrible. We felt we were being served by a used car or timeshare salesman. This guy (Mario? Marcutio?) talked fast and kept the menu as confusing as possible resulting in a $350++ meal for two that did not include desserts and only a half bottle of wine since my husband was not drinking. The fish is priced by the ounce and since we were ordering different entrees, we were concerned over the amount each of us would receive. This waiter Assured us he would size the portion to best suit US. Did not happen. Put the entire fish on the plate coming to a $90 entree that my husband couldn't finish! Also, I think the waiter got mad that neither of us got the truffle add-on and ignored us the rest of the night. We were not picky nor complainers. To celebrate our 25th Anniversary & my husband's birthday, we came out expecting to pay dearly for this meal, BUT we also expected to be treated extremely well and not offered "up sells" constantly. Not the "classy" experience they try to portray. If Chef is "obsessed with making your experience as close as possible to dining at an Italian seaside villa" as another review stated, he failed miserably. I've been to Italy and was treated far better there than at Bartolotta's. We were VERY DISAPPOINTED and would like our money back! We wouldn't have tipped the head waiter, but there were other guys that attended to us as well who were very nice (and I think told to be quiet because they only spoke when spoken to) and we didn't want to stiff them.
4	There are a lot of reviews that are kind of all over the place.  This is a seafood restaurant, so let me just say that when I read less than stellar reviews by people who didn't order seafood, it irks me a bit.This place does seafood great.  The presentations are not fancy and the emphasis is on the pristine freshness and quality of the ingredients.  This place is expensive.  Really expensive.  But the fish and shellfish are flown in every few days from Italy.  Where you gonna get that anyhow?  And in the middle of a desert?  Sure, it's gonna cost you.We had the Bravo Top Chef tasting menu - this is their best tasting menu.  This is a lot of food.  Some of it was not that memorable but there were a few dishes that were crazy good.  I mean, so good that it stopped you in mid-chew.  You pause before taking the next bite because you want the flavor to linger in your mouth longer.  Nope, not even a sip of delicious wine will be allowed to disrupt the gentle decay of the sensation.Enough of the poetic waxing.  Let's get down to it.  I'm going to go over my raves and then a few complaints.  The ravioli di ricotta con caciotta Toscana (sheep's milk ricotta cheese ravioli with pecorino and marsala wine glaze) is perhaps the most delicious pasta I've ever had.  This is one of the restaurant's signature dishes, and rightfully so. OMG.  The grilled rock lobster is case in point on how fresh ingredients, simply prepared, can be sublime.  Other highlights were the tiny soft shelled crab, the octopus salad, and the salt crusted snapper.The service was in general very attentive.  The wine selection is large but pricey.  $80 for Santa Margherita pinot grigio?  Where do they think they are, Vegas?  ... Oops.  We did settle on a beautiful Chablis and a knockout Brunello di Montalcino.My biggest complaint was with the bar.  I asked for an Aviation cocktail - a classic gin-based cocktail that is not obscure by any means.  The waiter came back and said the bartender didn't know what that was.  Huh?  Don't they have a recipe book back there?  So I used the cocktail app on my phone to give the waiter the recipe: gin, lemon juice, Luxardo maraschino liqueur, lemon twist.  Ok, that's weird.  At least they didn't ask me for any food recipes - I have an app for that too.  Then the waiter comes back to tell me that they did not have Luxardo maraschino liqueur.  What kind of high end Italian place doesn't have Luxardo maraschino liqueur?  So I ordered a martini.  They knew how to make that.The bar issues and a few duds (bland risotto, boring seafood rigatoni, uninspiring desserts) brought my rating down to 4 stars.
1	Cons:Long wait with tables emptySlowest service I have ever seenWait staff almost nonexistentHad to get their attention every single timeFood average/some items goodBread was cold and came out after an hour sitting at the tablePepper and salt just set on the tableWorst service I have ever seen at a restaurant at this price pointShould have stayed in Los Angeles and gone to Mateo or another in Beverly Hills to get great food and excellent service at half the price.Really we are beginning to think this bad service is intentional...it is that bad Am I getting punked? Feel like I'm on Boiling Point...where are the cameras? I know they are just waiting on us to walk out? Haven't eaten at a restaurant with service like this in years. It is almost comical....almost. How did the New York Times rate this as the best restaurant in Vegas? Is this the same restaurant? :)
4	My BF was raving about this place, so as expected I was pretty excited to go to our  Vegas trip this past Memorial wkend.  This place could easily be 5 stars, but if one has reservations and still has to wait, then it automatically gets a 1 star deduction in my book.Other than the painful wait, this place was fabulous.  My favorite type of food is sushi or seafood.  My BF favorite is Italian, so this place was perfect for us.  We started off with the ususal... a bottle of red delectable wine to start. Our outstanding waiter with his Italian accent was very friendly and attentive. Bread with creamy sinful European butter was served. We had my favorite salad... arugala. Our appetizer looked like a small version of a lobster... but it was simply a large shrimp cut in half that looked and tasted amazing.  We had something else before our main course, but I can't remember now... I just remember loving every bite of everything he ordered. Our main entree was the branzino.  They were out of the smaller fish so they brought us the large for the price of a small, so our waiter says.  OMG let me just say I was in Italy last month, and this Branzino was so flavorful and reminded me how badly I want to go back to Italy. Hands down this was one of the best if not The best branzino that I've ever had.  I'm craving it so much as I'm writing this review!  We were completely satiated that we could not even think of desert.So again this place is overall great, but just didn't like having to stand in the foyer in skimpy dress and stiletto heels waiting 30+ minutes for a reserved table. And thank God for my generous BF, the menu was way over my budget for a meal.
5	What a top notch, high quality evening before the Garth Brooks concert!  Our wait staff was engaging and accommodating, and the food truly did melt in your mouth.  If you like seafood and Italian, it's a must.  The sea bass was outrageous as we're the scallops and steak.  Pasta perfect!!
5	This was my 3rd visit to Bartolotta and all 3 have been a spectacular experience. Our waiter tonight was Ray, service was great. We went with the Top Chef tasting menu at $175 per person but this was food galore and every single items were delicious. I also ordered Jumbo grilled langoustines, it was grilled to perfection. Our final bill came to $362 without the alcohol since both my husband and I do not drink but the quality of the food is well worth the money. The seafood are flown in from Italy daily. Must experience this restaurant, I love this place.
4	Very expensive but based on my one visit there - worth it. Amazing service. Lovely surroundings. One of the most interesting menus in town. Fresh fish even on Sunday. Our wait staff was extremely polite and attentive. We were treated like kings. Every bite of the food was delicious. If you can afford it, you should visit here at least once. The only negative is it's in a Wynn property. I hate everything Steve Wynn stands for. I hate his politics and the way he treats his people and the way he runs his business. The valet won't leave cars up at any price (only hotel in Vegas with this policy) but all that said - it's worth suffering the indignity of letting Wynn make a few bucks to enjoy the feast that is Bartolotta Ristorante Di Mare. I'd give it five stars if it were anywhere else and I'd visit more often too.
4	This is not your typical restaurant. Yes this place is a bit overpriced (especially it's wine list) but that is the reason they got 4 starts instead of 5. Food is amazing here. I'd suggest that get a tasting menu, this way you get to trey a little bit of everything.
1	First, the hostess was so rude to my young daughter, giving her the up and down look making her feel unwelcome.  I have to say that it took 1/2 hour before I had to ask for wine, not been asked first.   I was so disappointed with the poor service and having to sit next to the exit from the kitchen where waiters prepared dishes noisily. I was looking for a beautiful evening with fabulous food, but at least I got the fabulous food. Prices were as expected, but if you are looking for an outstanding evening all around, I would consider somewhere else.
3	Very pricey establishment ( you are paying for the views and location)I had better italian food at my local family run restaurants, but overall the food was well prepared, the staff was knowledgeable, courteous  and eager to pleaseI had some kind of risotto - very good, I can make it better myself though
2	I went with the tasting menu which weighed in at $140/person. For that much, I expect phenomenal food. The ravioli was amazing, but everything else, even the fish flown in from Italy, was only pretty good.The service is also pretty terrible for such an expensive restaurant. For comparison, Picasso is cheaper (about $120 for tasting), has phenomenal service, and more impressive food. I don't plan on returning here.
2	Firstly, we decided to give this restaurant another try after finding our first experience a lot of bucks for little bang.  Going in with an open mind, we thought that we would go with recommendations from the waiter. We ordered the arugula salad with artichokes, a mixed green salad and the chef's signature ravioli, as well as the  pasta with porcini mushrooms for appetizers. The salads were acceptable, however the artichiokes were tough and had chewy skin on them. The appetizer pasta with mushrooms was good, but bland and the ravioli was exceptional.Having been in Italy many times and eaten in many authentic italian restaurants, this of course was not the same experience. Our waiter overwhelmed us with information about where everything came from in the Mediterranean and Italy and made us feel stupid even though we could tell she never has been there. She recommeded a whole fish which she claimed was sweet and firm based on its diet of crustaceans, and it was neither sweet nor firm and tasted like a large sardine. The waiter filleted the fish, and took so long it was cold when she served it. The fish was flavourless and cold, and the accompanying zuchinnis were tasteless and the fried potatoes tasted like they were the frozen variety. The sauces with the fish, one which was olive oil, sundried tomatoes, and black olives, and the other was parsley, olive oil and orgegano, were so overpowering, in the end we just asked for plain lemon. We didnt finish the meal.  The waiter was cognizant that we were unhappy with the meal, and she didn't bother to even ask us if we enjoyed it, she just removed the uneaten plates and didn't say a word. So for 350$ for two people with no drinks and a half bottle of wine, this was a lot of fluff. Go to any fish tavern in Montreal and you'll get a good whole grilled fish, served hot and with a smile for a $100 for two.Its a rip. Too bad. Not going back.
5	For the BEST in Ultra Fresh Seafood this is it. The Fish are line caught and flown in fresh everyday from Italy. Computer chips are inserted in fish to monitor the traveling temperature to insure perfection. A marine biologist is on staff to monitor the live tanks. You won't find that kind of care and quality anywhere else.We tried a number of things since this was a splurge dining here. In general I found everything simplistic but done to perfection.We were impressed with the priest chokers pasta, the texture was phenomenal. It wasn't fancy only butter and sage with pieces of turbot that melted in your mouth.For dinner I wanted to try a fish I never had before. You get a whole fish that they sell by weight. The John Dory that they had last night was too big for two people so I picked the Gilthead Sea Bream with the tomatoes, arugula,garlic and red onion. The fish comes out on a cart, then the waiter cleans it and plates it with fresh vegetables and potato. The fish seemed slow cooked and really melted in your mouth. It was so light and fresh and the simple topping just enhanced the fish.We had to try dessert and I don't get blown away by dessert often but the lemon cake is something YOU MUST TRY if you come here. It was just perfect, The perfect taste of lemon, it oozed lemon, it had crunch on the top and the rosemary gelato tasted so good with it.Yes it's expensive. You get what you pay for.
5	Best ravioli on the planet. Great fresh fish as well
5	damn fine food, especially the lagostine and pasta....service was even better....we ate at the bar where Rich and Gustav (sp) put on a clinic on proper bar tending and all round service...even chef bartolotta came by to check on us...
4	From the main course, scorpion fish was def my favorite even better than the langoustine nom nom nom...
5	Went here for my wife's birthday weekend. I'm no Anthony Bourdain, but I've been to a fair amount of restaurants across the tier/quality gamut across this great country of ours...and this is by far one of the, if not the, very best overall restaurant experience I've ever had. The service was great, the cart they wheel around is a great "look what we just flew in from the Mediterranean, you assholes" visual ... though it was a little cheesy to see the very competent, professional servers wheel that thing around like they were churro vendors at dodger stadium. The food? Ridiculi. That's when just one "ridiculous" won't do so you have to make up words to pluralize it up a little. We even sat close to guy who looked like "Fez" from "That 70s Show" and acted like Fez on a combination of Methamphetimine and Two Buck Chuck...and we still had a great time.Now I am going back to Vegas again, and this place was a big part of that. Damn you Bartolotta. See you shortly.
5	This restaurant was amazing!  We had a big group and the service (4.5 star), food (6 stars), atmosphere (5 star), and wine (5 star) was outstanding.  This is the best restaurant I have been to in LV and one of the best I have been to anywhere.  We had the chef's "family style" meal that was at least seven courses.  The highlight was the fish and beef that was final prepared at the tableside and the deserts which were amazing.  All of the seafood was cooked to the correct temperature (none over / under cooked) which is difficult for such a big table.  The main server was exceptional. I think he was even from Italy.  His team was very nice and working hard but just not pros.  The only negative, and this is very minor, was the bus boy kept putting flat water in my soda water even after telling him three times.  You need to drink a lot of water in Vegas! When you eat at Barolotta bring a lot of money.....
5	I highly recommend this restaurant.  Amazing food + amazing service.  Be prepared to spend some money.  They let me order things that weren't on the menu and weren't bothered by the fact that we were in a rush to catch a show.  Be sure to order:agnolotti del plin (delicious little meat raviolis)cold cuts antipasto platter (not on the menu, just ask for one, they'll hook it up)
5	Amazing...one of the best restaurants that I've ever been to.  Top notch service.  To-die-for seafood.  There were 4 of us and we had the seafood risotto and some kind of prawn/huge shrimp (can't remember what it was called but one of their specialties) to start.  Fantastic.  We had the sea bream and branzino whole fish which were super fresh and prepared perfectly.  Beautiful restaurant.  As others mentioned, its quite expensive, but aren't they all in Vegas?  Totally worth it.  Hope to go back next time I'm there!
3	As a die-hard Milwaukeean staying at the Wynn, I had to try out the in house Bartolotta's restaurant, considering I didn't know they were a Milwaukee export.I did not get the full experience at this place mainly because I am not someone that eats seafood (it is flown in fresh from the Mediterranean everyday).  I think that is a little ridiculous, but considering there are no fish in the desert, I don't blame them.So, this relegated me to a few pasta dishes and some pancetta.  The pancetta was tough and fatty, but I expected that.  Could have been better though.  The sheep's milk ravioli was delicious, but the spaghetti with ragu could have been better.Overall, not that impressed for the price,but I didn't eat outside.  That could have made the experience cooler.  The should take Bartolotta's Lake Park Bistro in Milwaukee and stick it in the Wynn, in my humble opinion.
5	Highly recommended. It has been the softest and most delicate texture halibut we have ever had. The pasta was fresh and just delicious. Most romantic restaurant ever. Beautiful!
1	Lost our reservation and snooty about seating us at 9:15 even though there were many open tables. Disappointing.
1	Total pain in the ass
3	We had another good meal at Bartolotta but the prices are getting out of control.Now don't get me wrong, I go to expensive places a lot.  We went to Cut also on this trip.  Bartolotta's prices are on the high side for fining dining and if you are not seriously into fish there are other higher on my list.
5	The patio seating and ambiance is magnificent!
5	I have never experienced a meal where I had something to eat, in this case the Langoustines, and after taking a bite of the food and then taking a sip of wine that the mixture of the two transformed completely into a third taste altogether.  In this case, 1 +1 truly equalled 3.  The food was excellent, service perfect.  Yes.  It is pricey.  By the time the two of us walked out, our bill with excellent wines was nearly four digits in size.For us, this was well worth the price.Thank you!
4	Very satisfying. I came here pretty jet lagged, had a decent salad and a nice pasta dish at the bar. Wines were slightly overpriced, but hey, this is Las Vegas. Everything is overpriced. Not bad in a pinch. I'm not sure I would venture here if I wasn't staying at the Wynn or Encore though. But overall, a comfortable bar scene.
4	I still really enjoy the food here, but, after having enjoyed many other high end restaurants in Vegas, I feel my money is better spent elsewhere.  Particularly as I don't love the delicate nuances of fish and can't really enjoy the pastas (blasted carbs!), it's likely that we won't have too many more visits here.The octopus salad and sea scallops stand out as being very tasty.  As always, good service, nice atmosphere, and great wine list.  If you love fish, then you must go here; for me, I love what Chef Bartolotta is doing here, but it's not my preference for dinner.
3	The food here is okay, but definitely more on the pricey side for okay food. I had the risotto ai frutti di mare, which is a seafood entree that consist of scallops, shrimp, lobster, clams, crab, cuttlefish, and octopus. I also tried the brodetto di pesce all'Abruzzese, which was about $60 and I liked it better than the risotto frutti, but still it was nothing special for that price. It was good, but it wasn't special or unique in anyway. Pretty much I had better tasting Italian food for half the price. I do understand that this is a high end Italian restaurant in the Wynn, so you will have to pay more. I am fine with that, but everything here is just okay.The restaurant is really nice and the service was exceptional. I would probably come back here in the future, but I am going to try something else.
5	this is one of the best restaurants I had ever been to. beautiful, memorable,romantic and just unbelievable. we didn't even had any entrees but that's because the appetizers were so incredible. I didn't stay at the Wynn but the whole casino was great. I had the best time of my life.
3	Was a cool place to eat in Vegas.  Food was great and the wine was great too.  Then I went back to gambling.
1	Honestly, I'm rather disgusted by this establishment. Oh, let me clarify. The food is edible and the decor is nice; it's every other element that overrides any miniscule inkling of a redeeming quality. This place reeks of pretentious snobbery (do I have a nomination for Understatement of the Year award?). Every encounter with a human being at Bartolotta was pathetic. From the host, to the staff filling water, and especially to the waiter, my family and I were treated as if we were 20th class citizens while dining here. We were all dressed appropriately and aren't slobs, obviously-- however, when we didn't bite on the waiter's offer for the several-hundred dollar special of the night, his demeanor flipped a 180 and we were legitimately treated less than an ugly sweater at a thrift shop.  And, to add extreme insult to injury, the prices are more ridiculous than trying to get through rush hour on the Strip. My family and I really enjoy fine dining-- typically in Vegas-- so we were prepared for the extreme price tags that typically come with the higher-end dining. However, the cash to quality ratio here just doesn't do it. At all. Really, this is all you need to know. Horrible service and subpar food for the price (a price that could probably feed Ethiopa until 3013). Unless you own a money tree and find joy in sitting in a restaurant basking in the ambiance of other pompous, egotistical, shallow individuals, avoid Bartolotta.
4	Went with a group of 8 and ordered one of the tasting menus.  The food was delicious!  We had a traditional assorted meat plate, cheese ravioli, a whole fish cooked in a salt crust, as well as so many other things, too many to remember.  The staff was amazing and was very knowledgeable.  They were helpful in explaining the food, as well as answering any questions we had, and also provided great plates to a vegetarian in our group.
2	Great barstaff and beautiful atmosphere but the vegetarian food left me wanting more.
4	Amazing Fragolina drink with vodka and strawberries! Had this while waiting for our table to be set up outside. If you come here , sit outside!!! It's a waste if you sit indoors. The interior looks and feels like a cafeteria but the outside is magical. The service is extremely attentive. This is a very high end restaurant and expensive!!! The food was OK. The clams were delicious but very tiny. Dinner was about $350 for 3 of us and I can tell you that we filled up on bread not to order any more. Could have easily spent another $100 and $150 if we wanted dessert. I probably won't come running back here.....well maybe if it's on someone else's tab ;)
5	I would fly back to Las Vegas just for the octopus salad - how did they make octopus more tender than a perfect scallop?
5	Service was absolutely wonderful. My husband and I were well taken care of by a group of three waiters servicing our table. The food was out of this world. I have spent time eating my way through Italy and, if I closed my eyes, couldn't have told you if I was in Rome or Las Vegas, Florence or The Wynn. Even the olive oil tasted fresh off the press.
5	The best Italian food in the city in my opinion. Get the ravioli - it's pretty spectacular. Sit at the bar if you're alone and really want to soak up the experience. Ask for Rich, you will not be disappointed - he'll treat you like family.
4	The service and ambience at this restaurant is fantastic as are the creative drinks. it's also set within a very romantic atmosphere on the strip. The appetizers particularly the cuttlefish were divine. The spaghetti with rock lobster was beautifully done from the texture to the sauce to the lobster. The seafood risotto was missing a little flavor and the seafood in it just didn't pop. The fish was delicious and well prepared but way too pricey and that's the only thing that would probably make me hesitate to go back.
5	I was here this past Saturday with my Dad and two uncles while we were on a golf trip in Vegas and I greatly enjoyed this restaurant. One of my uncles was in the mood for a good chicken parm but they didn't have it on the menu here. I asked our waiter and he went back to the kitchen to see what he could do. Five minutes later, he comes out saying they will make it specifically for our table only (because I asked). Both my uncles and Dad wound up ordering it with pasta, and I had the veal chop with roasted potatoes and fried artichokes. We were skeptical of the quality of the chicken parm before they got them because if it's not on the menu then they don't necessarily have practice in making it. But our worries were shunned when the entrees came. A huge piece of chicken parm with big slices of cheese on top was on each of the three orders, accompanied by a side of pasta. They all loved their dishes and exclaimed that I was the savior of the night for this special request, and thanked our waiter many times for making this special order. They also each had a different kind of pasta as an appetizer and really like them. My veal chop was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth. The sides of roasted fingerling potatoes and fried artichokes were delicious as well, I couldn't stop eating them! Our waiter was excellent as well, he picked out a great red wine for my uncle and Dad, and was on the ball with anything we wanted. While the dinner was a bit pricey, it was worth it. We all left extremely satisfied and fueled up for a night on the town. If I ever come back to Vegas and dine here again I am going to try out one of their fish dishes because they fly all their fish directly from Italy and the total time from water to entree is 40hrs; who can beat that freshness with the distance it has to travel!
1	This is one of the busiest weeks in Vegas (March madness) and this place was completely empty at 6:30pm. I mean no one. Not a single customer.I live on the strip and have enjoyed their food in the past so I figured I'd give them a pity visit. Was about to sit down at the counter (not even the main restaurant) and drop $100 on food and drink when the host informed me I couldn't enter because I wasn't wearing a collared shirt.Seriously? You have exactly ZERO customers in your restaurant during prime dining hours and you're turning down a regular customer because he's wearing a Nike shirt? Scr*w that. I won't deal with that kind of pretentiousness and snobbery from a 'male hostess' at any restaurant.
4	With out-of-town guests from Madrid, I deferred to a request for salt encrusted fish and our waiter suggested 'orata' (gilthead sea bream) for our table of 4.  Pairing the excellent Tuscan Terre di Tufi along with a brilliant Montepulciano, we anticipated the arrival of salads with grilled artichokes.  A fish for 4 requires substantial cooking time and our 'orata' was presented table-side with appropriate fanfare.  But.  It was undercooked.  Back to the kitchen and a scramble for a suitable replacement.  Apologies all around from the waiter, the manager,...  we though Steve Wynn might make an appearance.A round of ricotta ravioli with truffle oil was presented to 'tie us over', which was a fabulous flavor blast.  Table talk and wine sipping permitted the fish to bake and out came the 'branzino' (sea bass) cooked to perfection.  Bones, shmones.  Sure, there were a couple, but nothing dangerous or different from dining in a fine fish restaurant on the Med.  We 'tasted' a zabaglione and another dessert sent from the chef, along with a slightly effervescent dessert wine - also compliments of the chef.  The undercooked fish cost this review the 5th star, but the service was spot on.Now my fellow Yelpers that complain about service, perhaps it's YOUR attitude that brings on such treatment.  I sat watching the room from arguably the best table in the house and, young people, learn you manners and present yourself with dignity.  Sophistication begets deferential treatment.  'Dress down the room', and you'll be treated like you look.Bartolotta is very expensive and not for those on a budget.  It's a once-in-a-year treat for me.  Highly recommended.
5	I can't believe the number of idiotic reviews on here from people who don't eat or like seafood or who complain about the price of a restaurant in a 5 star hotel. I'm a foodie with money. I eat out 4 plus nights a week. Been to every single restaurant in Vegas multiple times. Bartolotta is a world class experience. Sit outside. $150 a head minimum. Worth every penny. Get the Top Chef menu. Throw in a couple of extra for the table to share like the rabbit in pancetta, pate with white truffles. Sit back. smile like a mad man. The dinner will take three hours. Only the risotto di mare was a disappointment. That's okay when there are 7-8 WOWS! Octopus salad, spiny lobster, pasta with scorpion fish, etc. One of the top 5 meals (for the price) I have had anywhere and I have eaten most everywhere. 4.5 stars. Going back again this week and next. Can't say the same about Picasso, Valentino, Guy Savoy or Atelier Robuchon which are the same price. $300 a head for food/wine tax/tip. Doesn't have to be that pricey. Did a table for 4 with more food than any of us could eat, couple of glasses of wine and a drink for $650 with tip. We were stuffed to the gills...
5	BEST DINING experience ive had in Las Vegas. Truly as good as it gets! 5 star EVERYTHING  My Birthday was Magical thanks to Wynn and the Bartolotta crew. I was waited on Hand and foot feeling like royalty. This review is for my outdoor Lagoon Cabana table!! I heard so many good things about the outdoor seating that i booked months before my 23rd Birthday dinner.  I just NEEDED to experience all the hype. I was 100 percent in awe of the beautiful dining area.All these negative reviews are because...? what? expense?... This is WYNN NOT CircusCircus, The seafood is flown in from Italy! Every nice restaurant in Las Vegas has pricy prices. Everyone seems to use "Pretentious" to describe Bartolotta. Not at all. If you're wearing a nike Tshirt and jordan sneakers, id turn you away too. This isint a buffet. Have some self respect for this resort and yourself! Las Vegas is where you flaunt whatever you have and PLAY HARD! Vegas means $. If you are seriously complaining about money issues, GO TO RENO! you damn cheapie. Why come to the Wynn or Encore and complain about the restaurants and club cover charges. If you can't afford Wynn, stay at Imperial Palace. If you cant get into XS or Surrender, go to LAX. Im far from rich, BUT come on, this is Las Vegas.  Enjoy the splurge and stop complaining.Back to Bartolotta... I dined with my Mother and boyfriend, with reservations at 9;00PM. I was so excited the whole day for this meal. I was fully suited and groomed, ready for my Bday celebration. Note: that there is a 150$ minimum to sit outdoors. We brought along a special bottle of Dom Perignon from home. They charge a corkage fee and immediatly ice your bottle to your liking.  Bartolotta wont allow wine or champagne if they have the same bottle in stock. We made sure the Dom wasnt on the wine list. We were seated and immediatly our server came and introduced himself. Impressive that he spoke Italian. He scooted over the iced fish cart to show us the daily seafood options. Everything looked so delicious and fresh. We ordered Risotto Ai Frutti, Ravioli Ricota, and seared Sea scallops for appetizers. My mother and I split a Brazino (sea bass). It was enough for two people.The fish is charged 15.00 per 100 grams so dont be surprised when you get the bill! My boyfriend isint a seafood fan so he ordered the filetto di manzo (filet of beef). Nice that they have meat options for non seafood fans. I loved when the fish was served table side.Our server de-boned the bass with skill and precision.Obvious that he did this many many times.  Every dish was Delicious and beautiful to look at. Surprisingly, My bf's beef dish was amazing too! I was really pleased with the temperature of the meat. Then came dessert! chocolate pastry, ligurian lemon cake and my Favorite was the homemade gelato sampler (i think about 9 different flavors). All were different and flavorful.  To my surprise, our server brought out my very own Birthday dessert. I think it was a berry cheesecake slice with Happy Birthday written in chocolate. The bill came. Which was over 500$... WORTH EVERY CENT!! Bartolotta made me feel like a king. THIS restaurant made my entire weekend one of the most memorable Vegas trips ever. I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT and will be back EVERY birthday or anniversary for top notch service, worthy of a VEGaS high roller.  Like i said, If you dont wanna go hard in Vegas, GO HOME!! Theres plenty of patrons waiting for your table here.....BYE FELICIA!!!!
3	I loved the atmosphere I loved the service...  I did not love the food I did not love the price... im not a cheap guy i believe you get what you pay for... maybe i just went at a bad night
5	This is an amazing dining experience. I am shocked by the negative reviews. This place has a giant aquarium in the kitchen with all live fish. When they order the fish, they can actually track it to the minute where it is at all times all over the world. They only get fresh live fish here. When you order from the menu, they get the fish out of the tank and cook it. It doesn't get any fresher than that from a restaurant.The staff here is well trained and very professional. They can assist with any dietary needs. If you can choose the option of letting them bring out choices from the chef, I highly recommend doing this. It is unbelievable how good everything will be. My absolute favorite fish from Bartolotta is the Branzino. It is to die for.They have beautiful outside seating and if you can, request this before sitting inside. I have traveled to many places around the world and this place is one of the best. It is not a cheap dining experience but is worth every penny. You will not be sorry.
5	Excellent food and service. Tried a variety of dishes and very good wine. Love the decor, next time planning to eat outside.
5	Took my boo for her bday! Hands down the best seafood I have ever had!!! The good is so fresh you just have to try it to believe it! Luciano is hands down the best server I have ever had! If you go, make sure you request to sit in his section! If it's not on the menu he will make it happen! He is extremely knowledgable, and will pick your dinner for you!!! We loved him so much he got a hug on the way out! Tell me last time you went to a restaurant and did that!!!!
1	my husband and i made reservations months in advance for our anniversary to eat at this supposedly amazing restaurant that specializes in seafood, our favorite.  it was the most expensive meal we have ever had (close to $500 for 2 people!) and also one of the very worst. we paid a $300 minimum that included food to be seated in a cabana outdoors that overlooked a decorated man made pond, but instead we were seated under an umbrella, not the beautiful cabanas we were told we had to pay extra for. when we asked about the cabana they said they call their outdoor seating "cabana seating" why would you name a certain seating area a different meaning than what it means? obviously that was an excuse and a lame one at best, why not just call it outdoor seating so it is clear? we then proceeded to begin the longest meal i have ever had at a restaurant. we were seated at 9:15 pm and did not receive the last of our meal, dessert, until 11:20. we chose a sampling menu that included small portions of 3 or 4 appetizers, 3 or 4 pasta entrees, a whole specialty fish, and dessert. not one single dish of the 10 we were served was even mediocre. all of the pastas and risottos were extremely salty, to the point that all you tasted was salt, and all of the rest of the fish dishes were bland and flavorless. service was terrible. we waited 45 minutes just to receive our appetizers and over 30 minutes between courses and never saw our waiter except when food was served, not always even by him. all in all, it was a very overpriced and disappointing experience. the beautiful outdoor scenery was the only redeeming feature and after being scammed to pay $300 to sit under an umbrella rather than the beautiful cabanas i was told i was paying for, that lost it's appeal pretty quickly. i would not recommend this restaurant for any reason.
5	Always an extraordinary dining experience.The tasting menu  offers the best fare samplings  the chef offers. Raymond & Jesus know their craft as knowledgeable personal waiters.  We missed Luciano this visit though-his entertaining flair is an added layer in the ambiance. /we'll be back in a few months...
5	Bartolotta looks and feels like it belongs in Sicily or Milan.  The waiters are top of the line in quality and service.The food was exquisite and absolutely mouth watering.. My husband and I shared the pink snapper and it could have fed 3 people. I highly recommend letting the servers pick your sauces unless you really know your fish and complimenting sauce pairings. I chose a a sauce and the waiter brought us another as a pairing with the snapper and of course he was right his choice was much better than mine. I was grateful for his input. ;) Overall, great restaurant. Don't let me forget about the bar! The bar tender has the best Martina's in Vegas... I put back a few they were So smooth, two thumbs up!We will definitely be returning..
3	Saw this place on  Bizarre Food ( Andrew Z.)  so decided to try it.  There were four of us and we decided to try the Top Chef tasting menu at $180 per person. The shellfish dishes were tremendous, everything was fresh and tasty.  However, the main course of salt baked fish (sea bream?)  was unremarkable and overcooked. This was probably due to the amount of time it took to remove the salt and debone the fish before serving.  The fish would have been better grilled and left to the diners to eat family style, but I guess this is the way it"s done at high end restaurants.  The desserts were plentiful and beautifully presented.   Was it worth $180 per person without wine and cocktails ?   No.
4	Let's get the something out of the way first. I HATE VEGAS. It is pointless, vacuous and insipid. I seriously can't fathom why people go there. Once it was great value, once it was a place with some character. Now...I could really go on.The key thing I hate about vegas is the complete facsimile of everything you experience there. Nothing is as good as the real thing. The stupid Eiffel tower, Canals, New York?! It is all faux. It is then logical that my experiences of most of the restaurants there is much the same. On paper you have the best hit rate of anywhere in the world to experience high end chefs food, they all jumped on the stupid tourist spend money bandwagon and opened spots there. Obviously there are some exceptions, my point is most of it is not as good as the real thing.Bartolotta 4-star? Well it is tough. The food was amazing. To start we had the best sweet little clams, undoubtedly the best langoustine I have ever experienced (and that includes living in Italy). I also enjoyed the cuttlefish. I think someone may have ordered a salad, but whats the point of reviewing that.They show off all the fish in a wandering cart. Tell wonderful stories on how they grew up, who they played with, how Poseidon ushered them of to be caught for your dinner.  You marvel at the fact that these animals were swimming in the Mediterranean just a few hours before hitting your plate (and try to forget your contribution to global warming by fedexing them to a hot hell hole in the middle of the desert).We overcame our guilt and for the main fish we ordered occhiona (big eye red sea bream), san pietro (john dory) and pagello (pink snapper). These are all cooked whole, roasted simply and perfectly. The come to table whole. They are expertly deboned and presented on a platter. You then eat like an emperor. The fish was sensational (note - they have lamb and stuff on the menu but the hell you order lamb at a fish restaurant is beyond me).So why not a 5 star? 1. The fedex thing bothers me. Save your gambling $$$ and go to the Med. You'll have a better time.2. Its in the Wynn, so the decor is hideous. It is like one of the housewife shows, like money puked-up furnishings.3. It is in Vegas, I will eat at Providence for a lot less and not deal with the strip traffic/people/energy consumption. 4. Ah yes, this is the main rub. IT IS STUPID EXPENSIVE. The cost of doing business with fedex, the wynn, and the desert I guess.  Part of the issue is that you are also buying fish by the pound/kg and therefore when you buy that bream you really don't know how much you are going to spend. In fancy places you don't talk about money, so it can be a bit of a shock when bill comes. Be prepared for this, close you eyes and enjoy the fish.
4	Wonderful place to dine at. The seafood is soo fresh.....after seeing a special on the Food Network channel, now I know why....this place gets seafood delivered in very high-tech shipping from all over the world! Service is upscale and atmosphere is comfortable. Delicious!
5	Probably the best Italian Mediterranean Sea food I've experienced --all fish flown in daily - I love sea bass - the waiter suggested a particular fish which was excellent -I cannot praise the well trained staff enough
4	This is a great restaurant, it has great food and I love The Wynn.The service is excellent and the menu selection has unique dishes of fishes!It's a bit pricey per se for the casual diner, but if you're the type who throws hundreds of dollars on the tables or machines gambling... there's one SURE BET that you'll always win at when you go to Vegas... GUARANTEE YOURSELF A GOOD MEAL... and that can be found at Bartolotta.  So, if you're spending hundreds if not thousands on gambling (and probably losing), you can most certainly throw down a few hundred here for a nice dinner.
5	Excellent service and food selection.  Would highly recommend the pasta as it melts in your mouth and very much enjoyed the fish being fileted tableside.  It is always nice to try something new.  We tried the Orata, and enjoyed it very much.  This was a suggestion from our waiter when we told him the types of fish we normally like to have.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
2	I went once a couple of year ago.  Unfortunately I had a bone in my fish which took it down a star for me as this was a fine dining establishment and when I mentioned it they seemed indifferent which account for another one.  Couple with the high prices/high expectations I had the place which was the last star deducted, I am sorry to say but you can do better elsewhere at the other restaurants at Wynn or on the Las Vegas Strip.   Save up a lot for the Joel Robuchon/Guy Savoy level, find other comparable ones - there are a lot as it is after all Las Vegas, or find something cheaper nearby - if it's cheap enough I'll clean the fish myself for the chef.
5	This was probably one of the nicest and best restaurants I've ever eaten at. The heart of celery, fennel w/dried freezed fish eggs, slivered was amazing. Best martini ever. Oh don't forget about the fish. Love how they prepare it right there at your table. Probably the best, best dish was severed last and that was the dessert. So amazing. We had the sample dish. It got better after my brother in law took out his "BLACK" card. They brought us more stuff that wasn't even on the menu. My mouth was watering. Two wks later and I'm still talking  it!
5	One of the best restaurants I've been to in a long time. I would go back in heart beat. The service and food was amazing!!!
4	The ambiance was very nice in the patio, the price does hurt my wallet, but I Absolutely love the Lasagnette. It's one of my top 3 most memorable dish. It is one well balanced dish to appease my tastebuds. Will come back again.
5	Such a great view from the patio.  Delicate fish flow in from Italy with inspired service.  We were shocked with the flavors showcasing freshness complimented with subtle seasoning.  A must have is the dorato and octopus. Will be back soon
5	Great vegan option for Vegas fine dining.  Chickpea cakes were amazing!  Pasta was great as well too.  Too notch service and beautiful atmosphere.  High-ish prices, but definitely worth it.
5	The best italian food ever in vegas... Watch out though make reservation ( if summer i advise make it outside by the lake) and yes go after you just get payed.... Be aware you can leave ur paycheck there... Lol
4	A few Yelpers have stumbled upon my shot of the langoustine. As proven, a picture's worth a thousand words, but nonetheless, here are the thousand words:I hadn't heard anything about Bartolotta Ristorante di Mare until I picked up an issue of my boss' Departures magazine (AMEX Platinum cardholders). The article basically said that Executive Chef Paul Bartolotta had to bend over backwards to get his hands on the most delicious LIVE langoustines on the planet. To say that I was intrigued would be an understatement. For my 31st birthday, my fiancee and I treated ourselves to a Las Vegas weekend and on the itinerary was a visit to Chef Bartolotta's Las Vegas gem. The decor was classic Italian, but it wasn't until we descended into the lower level that I realized that Chef Bartolotta wanted this restaurant to be something extraordinary. Our hostess led us to our outdoor patio table by the water feature. The hostess seated us and handed us two stingray skin wrapped menus to peruse. Our waiter carted out an iced display case filled with the day's freshest products - a few of the creatures were still moving. That was when I spotted the langoustines. The langoustines were delicious; barely grilled, lightly seasoned to preserve the flavors and completely worth the excursion. In summation, although this meal will cost you one of your shinier pennies, it is definitely worth experiencing once... or if your stash of shiny, pretty pennies permits, a few times for special occasions.
4	Delicious food and fantastic service. We came here on Christmas Eve. They had some screw up with our table so we had to wait at the bar for a drink. For this, I didn't give a 5 star. . Rich who is the bartender was beyond accommodating and can make a delicious drink. My husband ordered a "cable car" and I had the Kir Royal to start. Both delicious. And he was just a delight. We were then seated downstairs near the water with the most romantic view. It is just beautiful.  Our Italian waiter Luciano knew everything there was to know about food, especially fish. He was able to describe all the little differences between each fish that had jumped from the ocean and flown here just a day or so ago. We had the artichoke salad with porcini mushrooms which was just mouth watering. Arugula was warm and porcini were delectable. Next we split a small portion of the seafood risotto. Outrageous. The little langoustine that was there was the sweetest fish I have ever tried. Lastly we had the Bronzino. He brought us 3 different sauces. Tomatoes with garlic, salmoroglio, and one with lots of anchovies.  One was better than the next. One of the best meals we have ever had at a restaurant.
3	Homemade pasta ...heavenly...beautiful place & wonderful service
5	Bartolotta provided my friends and I with an unforgettable experience.When we arrived, our table was not yet ready so we waited at the bar.  The bartender was quite knowledgeable of the wines on hand.  He also offered my friend and I the drink that Beyonce orders when she eats here.  For two 29 year old women, that won us over instantly.  The Dream was a beautiful blend of champagne, lotus flowers, and whimsy.After approximately seven minutes, we were escorted down to our table.  Our drinks were whisked away by a server and placed gently at our new seats around the reflecting pond.  Our table was situated in a cabana like cocoon off the pond.  We had heaters above us that were warmed up to accommodate our cold shoulders.We were greeted by a waiter to take our drink orders that promptly arrived within minutes.  We ordered the Top Chef menu that was a wonderful six course Italian style meal.  We enjoyed ravioli, soft-shell crab, Tuscan white fish, langosta, squid ink risotto, and many more delicious treats. We were watched over by multiple servers and bussers.  This is most definitely a spot to treat yourself to at some point.
3	This is our second time at Bartolotta. The first was four or five years ago. Our original experience left me flabbergasted it was so good. I can't recall the exact specifics as we had the tasting menu. It was a lot of dishes prepared so perfectly there were almost no words for it! I recall the service as exceptional and after our meal Chef Bartolotta stopped by the table and talked a bit about the dishes. It was well worth the $500 price tag. This time.... absolutely not. Everything about the restaurant felt different. The service was okay. But not what you'd expect at that level. I found myself looking around for someone several times. There was a long lag between dishes on the tasting menu (which didn't happen before).  The big disappointment was the food. It dropped several notches over the years. SEVERAL. My guess is... the chef is off doing a TV show and it's the second or third tier folks in the kitchen. We ate the second night at "The Lakeside" in the Wynne and the food was better, the service was better and the price was less than half of what we spent at Bartolotta.
5	We were looking for an elegant, high class meal for clients. This place did not disappoint. The meal was not cheap but was worth the cost. The staff was attentive, didn't rush us, had great recommendations and the wine was amazing. The food was out of the world. I had an amazing piece of fish table side filleted. It was heaven. If you can afford a second mortgage, go.
5	Service was hands down the best, even at 9 p.m.!
3	My second best in Vegas after Guy Savoy but not after last 3 nights in a row Cooking execution just averageNew pasta dish en cartochio at $92 for regular portion has good ingredients but does not taste super  is chef tasting it coming out of the kitchen? I doubt it  great quality seafood but does not taste greatReturned 2 tagliatelle with porcini due to too much salt and I like saltWine service on first night for 2nd bottle took too long to get service Front desk staff and others cordial but just not attentive enough Langoustine not available 2nd night   Sold outNegroni on first 2 nights excellent but just ok tonightWill think twice before coming againWhy ? Have no answerTold Manager Warren Richards. Wanted no credit paid for allHelp Mr Wynn and Mr Bartollata
5	I know this is a froo froo restaurant.  But....damn is it good.  I know the waiters may seem a bit snooty and polished.  But....damn is it good.  I know you may want to sit outside and they won't let you because you are not a high roller.  But....damn is it good.  I know half the time you cannot even understand the waiter's accent.  But....damn is it good.  I know the waiter looks at you as though you have bubonic plague if you forego his wine selection.  But...damn is it good.I know you have to mortgage your house, sell a kidney, and talk your grandmother into prostitution to afford the bill.  But...damn is it good.I know the restaurant is on the strip and the strip sucks according to food elites.  But....damn is it good.I know you can get tons of different fish, pasta, steak, or other exotic food.  But get the lamb chops....because damn are they good.
4	SUPERB service, xlnt food, great atmosphere.  Pasta was perfect al dente. Somm offered a perfect pairing and didn't try to oversell.  DEF REC!!
5	During my stay at The Wynn, I had an amazing meal the Bartolotta. The Mediterranean  style seafood was amazing. The flavor, the seasonings, and the temperature of my food upon arrival was amazing. Thank you for hot food...you'd be surprised how often food comes to me warm. The food is obviously flown in daily from multiple places because the freshness is absolutely recognizable. Outside seating is a must for me. That is my only complaint. Its absolutely worth your time to make this a priority stop on your next trip to Vegas.
1	You can do much better than Bartolotta in Las Vegas.I go to a lot of restaurants and usually do not write reviews but I had to say at least something about this one.It's a very expensive restaurant so my expectations were very high. I went there with a couple of guys from work and each of us had an appetizer, some fish and a drink or two. While appetizers were good, the food was not worth the prices. I am pretty sure my mother-in-law prepares fish better and your mother-in-law probably does too. Unfortunately, I don't remember all the dishes we ordered but I clearly remember walking out of a restaurant with a total bill of $380 for 3 of us.On a positive side the staff was nice and a learned a lot about fancy Italian fish.
4	Had a wonderful birthday dinner here! Amazing food and wonderful service. You have to order dessert, it's well worth it!! If your not sure of what type of fish you want talk to your waiter and tell them what you normally like, they will know exactley what to recommend. They had the best most tender octopus I've ever had!!
5	Red royal shrimp from the coast of spain.  Langoustine off the coast of italy.  Seppia pasta and awesome parmigiano custard with black truffles.  They quite possibly had the best vongole i have ever eaten in my life.  Why are you so far away Bartolotta?You get what you pay for and this was one of the best dinners I have had in my life.  Luca the server was so attentive and gracious and just a pleasure.  We were seated outside on a beautiful February night.  It was just fantastic.  Everything was perfect the pasta was just sublime.  I have to say that the only complaint is that we didn't have more time to enjoy more off the menu.Cheers and happy Eats!
5	Want to eat the same seafood at the same freshness as the Italians without making the journey?  Gamberi roso recent plucked from the Mediterranean, moleche from the Venetian Leguna, live giant langoustines?  Steve Wynn's endless trunks of money and chef Paul Bartolotta's passion for the best make it possible.Straight up; quality and freshness comes at a price.  Daily catch, air flown from the Mediterrranean but at five times retail ($70 per pound for branzino, $100 per pound for a slipper lobster), is it worth the price?LIVE LANGOUSTINES.  Dispatched seconds before it's split, seasoned and grilled.  The flesh, firm and juicy with a sweet upfront taste with a clean oceanic finish.  Delicious claws.  The head fat, oh the head fat!  Why live?  Langoustines flavor rapidly fades and the texture turns mushy.  Incredibly difficult to ship.  Only a handful of restaurants offer it.  $30 to $45 each making indulging on a pile an expensive treat. Next up, gamberi rossi (Deep sea Mediterranean red prawns).  Simply grilled, firm outer texture, meltingly rich, sweet with hints of iodine.  Intensely flavored creamy head fat, perfect spread on bread.  Huge, larger than your hand and despite being $35 each, you will be longing for more than one.Finally the moleche, the tiny soft shell crabs from the Venetian Leguna available only between April and May and  October to November.  Deep fried, moist and intensely crabby on the inside.  Simply put, good eats.Other standout dishes; A warm salad of flash sauteed, artichoke, porcini mushroom and wilted arugula salad with a huge shaving of salty pecorino Italian simplicity.  Tender Ligurian octopus chunks tossed in olive oil and fresh lemon juice, simplicity.  A spaghetti with bortaga (salted, dried fish eggs), tomato and saffron whisks you to southern Italy.  And the risotto of ricci (sea urchins) and scallops, ethereal.  Excellent, unpretentious service.  Servers are skilled at table side service for most whole fish.Very good Italian centric wine list.  High Vegas resort prices.A taste of Italy that will leave you longing to return.
5	Many people may wonder, why is this famous Michelin star restaurant at the Wynn only received a 3.5 star rating on yelp? My personal take is because not many understands the true meaning behind the type of food it serves here, Traditional Family Styled Italian Seafood.I had the Bravo Chef's Tasting Menu, and here are the dishes I got:  - small piece of marinated anchovies - octopus, scallop, shrimps, crab, langostines - four types of pastas - risotto, penne, rigatoni, ravioli - whole roasted fish - 6 types of dessertsI really don't want to go into the specifics of each dish ( take a look at the photos), all I can say is they were all worth the money you paid for ($180/head). The wine lists were awesome, I had a glass of white, a glass of red, and a glass of dessert wine. The sommelier gives good suggestions on the pairing and I loved the Italian servers who enjoy cracking jokes and always carry a smile on their faces.While some might prefer French dining experiences over the one that Bartolotta offers because of the differences in preparation and flavor, but I would highly recommend this place if you visit Vegas, you can find foie gras and truffles anywhere, but not the kind of food that chef Bartalotta serves.
5	I was excited to finally try Bartolotta, and I was definitely pleased with the experience. I sat outside with a gorgeous view of the lagoon. I had a half bottle of Ruinart champagne and I also chose to do the smaller tasting menu (8 courses I think). I loved every single dish and I thought it was interesting that they brought out multiple courses at one time. Serving the food "family style" definitely had something to do with it. My favorite dish was definitely the anchovies. I have never had such fantastic anchovies in my life. For my dessert, they brought me 9 different gelato/sorbetti flavors as well as tiramisu. Wow, so awesome! My servers were excellent and extremely accommodating, my food was fantastic, and the ambiance was gorgeous. Definitely a great spot!
4	3 1/2 stars-4 starsStaying at the Wynn so decided to check out Bartolotta for my gf's birthday dinner. The inside was big and spacious but the outside patio seating was amazing! Pond or Lagoon in the middle with several metallic like balls it was real different and pretty in the daytime. The table sections all had draperies, just like a cabana style. Very romantic and just gives you a happy vibe. The menu has several pre fix options as well as family style and your regular menu. _Risotto ai Frutti di Mare. An appetizer pasta dish. It was rather small but still pretty big for an appetizer. The risotto was nicely al dente and luckily it was not too rich or heavy. The scallops, shrimp, lobster, clams, cuttlefish and octopus were all listed but I did not taste all of the seafood. I wish there was some shells do you knew what fish was what because it was all just mixed in so they all just look like similar white fishes. Other than that a great starter. _Pollo alla Riviera Ligure. Pretty presentation. The chicken was cooked nicely and juicy. The lemon herb sauce was a tad rich and pretty salty. Came with some vegetables and mushrooms that were a nice compliment to the dish since it did help with the saltiness of the sauce. Nothing too spectacular, but not bad either. _Filetto di manzo al Sangiovese. The seared filet of beef was cooked perfectly. The filet was very juicy and a great rich texture. Not sure how I felt about the wine sauce. It was a bit strong and overpowered the steak a bit for me. Accompanied with potatoes and vegetables, a great dish to get if you love steak._ Lobster Pasta. Don't remember the name but my gf got this dish. It was some appetizer lobster pizza in a red tomato sauce. The pasta was small and since it was an appetizer size there was maybe just one big piece of lobster. The pasta was cooked nicely al dente. The dish itself was real tasty and the sauce was light._Panna cotta. This dessert was on the house for my gf's birthday. Not sure if it's on the menu but it was AMAZING! one of the best I've had. It was so smooth and milky and not too rich. Accompanied with berries and some other goodness it was finger licking good. Service was great and friendly. Although the food was good I think it was pretty overpriced. There are other restaurants in Vegas for around the same amount of price and way better taste and experience.
5	A special meal, a lovely view, attentive and informative service.  It ALMOST made me forget the price, ha ha.Our table's appetizers included the vegetable risotto, the cocotte (parmigiano custard), and my favorite: the rabbit. I am very happy that we tried the aragosta spiny lobsters, who apparently had been in the Mediterranean Sea the prior day.  I particularly liked the citrus agrumi preparation.  My daughter (8) enjoyed the smaller cicala slipper lobster. Everything was prepared wonderfully--the risotto was perfect, for example. For the lobsters, we had them shelled for us tableside, and they were each delicious.  I am not sure that I was able to detect flavor differences with local seafood from the northeast, but the preparation was great, and of course there was simply the novelty of tasting recently-in-the-Mediterranean lobsters.All in all, a memorable night!
4	Without a doubt, Bartolotta was an experience but you MUST be a seafood lover! I came here with a client and opted for the Top Chef tasting menu, which we enjoyed tremendously. Our table had a nice water view that added nicely to the ambiance. Unlike some expensive restaurants which give you tiny portions, the multiple courses were extremely filling and the fresh seafood did not disappoint. The presentation was flawless, service was impressive, and the overall meal was memorable. We got to try the famous langoustine, which apparently only 12 restaurants in the world have flown in live (and Bartolotta is obviously one of them). They were sweet and well cooked. The Top Chef tasting menu had a variety of pasta, seafood, risotto, and ended with the biggest pesce al sale profumato (fish course) I've ever seen! It was truly an impressive speciman of fish, coated in salt and lemon seasonings. They de-boned it table side and serve just the moist filet. We were all so full, but still managed to eat a fair amount. It was a pricey meal ($750 for 3 of us) but we did choose the most expensive tasting menu and overall, I would say it was worth it for the elegant presentation and wonderful meal!
5	One of my absolute favorites! Yes, it's pricey but if you're willing to splurge, this is the place to do it! The decor is just beautiful and  the restaurant overlooks an outdoor pond (downstairs).During our last visit, we ordered the octopus, which was probably the best I've ever had, and the gnocchi (amazing!) to start. My husband and I also shared a branzino (fish) with an anchovy sauce that is to die for! I could put that sauce on bread and have that as a meal. Seriously good stuff.Before you order, they bring out a large rolling display with various raw fish and other seafood. Everything is SUPER fresh, less than 48 hrs from ocean to table. The serving of the cooked fish is quite a presentation. They bring it out, cooked whole, and separate the filets from the bones. It's served with simply cooked, but very delicious, zucchini and potatoes.Expect to pay around $200 for two people (without alcohol). Great place to celebrate a special occasion!
2	This was "wow me" money and a yawn meal.I gotta tell you, I wanted to like the place. Really. I stayed at The Wynn and had good food all over the resort. This was a disappointment.I was here with several business associates and we ordered top of the line everything. Jumbo langoustines, pasta appetizers, branzino for 3 and 2 fillet mignons. The langoustines were $45 a piece and came with the tails and body split and grilled, but the claws weren't cracked and we spent serious time trying to open them without any equipment on the table to do so. Not a lot of fish for a lot of money.The appetisers were nice, but small. For pasta, you're spending less than a dollar on ingredients, throw in some more hand rolled spaghetti, it doesn't have to be as big as a main course, but please....The branzino was ok, but just ok. They served it well at the table and it came with roasted fingerling potatoes and something else. Truly not memorable. Not bad, but for $45 a portion, I'd like something special. Again, not a lot of fish for a lot of money. (I've had this dish at Limani in New York with better results.)Look: it's pretty. The waitstaff are very good. It's just pricey for what you get.  I spent the same amount on dinner in LV 2 other nights and was much happier. I am willing to spend a lot, I just want you to "wow" me.
1	I wish I could give it a zero!!!! The service was miserable and when present they spoke horrible English and I ordered blindly. I then had my food and desert my desert tasted like grass, seriously! Then when my bill was presented to me I found out I happened to order everything with mushroom truffle and each dish cost 50$ more! I went out spending 2X what I thought I would, 400 with tip and no drinks and felt like I was ripped off. I joke now I would pay 400$ for a Big Mac before going there again!!! Worst dinner ever!
5	Wow...it's a simple word to describe this complex, delicious feast.  The ambience was amazing sitting next to the quiet reflecting pool outside under the canopies, though I do wish there was no smoking out there as well (I mean, you seriously can't wait an hour for another smoke?)The waitstaff were well educated and helpful at guiding us through the menu selections...especially the myriad of mostly Mediterranean fish about as fresh as you can get without sitting on the boat.  The octopus salad was perfectly tender and flavorful, the handmade pasta and risotto capped out that course hardly leaving room for the entrees.  I had the veal (oh my goodness was it tender) and we shared an occhiona (Red Sea bream) that was perfectly prepared. Our server took great care to bone the fish and plate it for us.  We didn't care for the the potatoes and zucchini, but those were the only leftovers from this feast.  Unfortunately, we didn't have room for dessert, but the selection was delectable.Be prepared for a hefty price tag, but you pay for quality in the ambience as well as in the preparation and freshness of the meal.
5	Visited once more in April.  They had this spaghetti and lobster appetizer for a short period of time honoring some old Italian lady and the proceeds are donated.  Wow...that was the best thing I had the entire Vegas trip and the best thing I have ever had at Bartolotta.  They should rethink this donation thing and keep the proceeds to that dish and donate something else.  I doubt they will keep the dish on the menu because my luck has always been that they drop things I really like.  I made the mistake of sharing the appetizer with my fiance.  I had a bit of the lobster spaghetti and for a split second I though "well do I really love her enough to let her continue eating that portion I just gave her."  Apparently my good angel on my shoulder was on his game because I am still with her....but for a second there it was 50/50.  It was that good.
2	Very disappointed in the service from the beginning. Initially they refused us entrance because my husband wears a Scottish kilt, they stated that their dress code required a collared shirt and pants. After speaking to more than one manager and the concierge, they allowed us to eat at the bar.  We watched them admit several men in torn and faded jeans and sloppy polo shirts and were pretty upset when they allowed a loud drunk at the bar in a plain t shirt.The food was very good, and though the bartender was friendly, he knew nothing about the fish on the menu and recommended the special because he could tell us what it was.  I am very allergic to gluten and he told me that their breads were gluten free.  After sending him back twice to check again, he finally confirmed that it was not.The fish was amazing and the desserts were a perfect ending to a good meal.The food might bring me back, but I will probably never return or recommend this place because of the service.  If I am paying that much, I expect a little more!
5	I went here to celebrate my husband's birthday. We walked down the spiral staircase and outside to sit by the small outdoor pond. It is a very beautiful view for being inside a hotel. It was perfect weather and they had funs running so it stayed cool. Overall, this place is very pricey with small portions but the food is delicious. I had the octopus appetizer which is poached and served with lemon, olive oil, potatoes, and arugula. It was amazing! I had the lasagnette for a pasta appetizer and it was also very tasty with all the different types of seafood in the fresh pasta and a very fresh, light tomato sauce. My husband had the gnocchi in a rich tomato sauce and it was amazing - soft, flavorful, and delicious. Then the people in our party split a turbot and gilthead bream. They were delicious. We tried all the sauces that were not cooked with the fish. My personal favorite was a sauce with fresh tomatoes and basil in it. For dessert I shared an assortment of sorbets, gelato, and ice with my husband. We had the pineapple ice, the lemon and raspberry sorbets, and the banana, nutellla/chocolate, and milk chocolate gelato. My favorites were the lemon sorbet and the banana gelato. All the scoops of ice cream/sorbet/ice were very small and I probably could have eaten them without any help from my husband. The wait staff were all very friendly, personable, and attentive. It was a wonderful place to go for a special occasion.
2	The service and food were amazing.  Booked the reservation 3 weeks in advance for our 22nd wedding anniversary.  We were given a table near the kitchen and bathroom.  Thank goodness my husband is so handsome, which gave me a better view/experience than the restaurant was offering.
5	How many restaurants can boast a menu that imports fresh, LIVE fish and crustaceans from the Mediterranean every other day???  Yep, Bartolotta can! They brought us a cart with all the live seafood options for us to preview.  We chose the purple snapper (never even heard of that before) that was delicious!!  They filet the fish in front of you.  We ordered two amazing appetizer pasta portions and a half bottle of wine.  Everything was amazing! Must try the olive oil cake dessert - yum!  On the way out, a nicely dressed gentleman got up from his table to ask us how our meal was and introduced himself as Mr. Bartolotta, the owner!  We were so tickled, we asked to take a picture with him.  What a wonderful, one-of-a-kind dining experience!
1	I was so hyped up to try this restaurant! Just went last to Las Vegas for the very first time ever to celebrate my birthday. And the last day there which was last sunday. I wanted to try out Bartolotta Ristorante Di Mare. I did some research about the best restaurants in vegas to try and they always came up and then when i saw the pictures I thought it was beautiful. And the prices looked reasonable so I thought this is a good choice. But then when we get there, it was so odd. NO ONE WAS THERE. I mean the only people that looked like was a waiter & the greeter person that escorts you to your seat. Other than that, there were NO CUSTOMERS whatsoever. Something about that seemed so strange to me. I almost thought they were closed at first. Thats how vacant it was. And the two workers that were in there, were looking at us so desperately like they wanted us to come in so badly so they'd get some business. But we left, because something about a vacant restaurant in the middle of the day it was around 4pm in the afternoon. Something about that seemed strange. To make a long story short, we left and ended up eating at Tao at the Venetian. And they were delicious and had customers. Whats going on with you Bartolotta? Why no customers in the middle of the day?
4	This place had amazing food but so overpriced. I tried the gnocchi appetizer and ordered the sea bream dish. The fish was about 140 dollars and was good but not to doe for. The gnocchi is by far one of the best ive ever had! It was soft and the sauce was creamy and so tasty! Must try! The setting of the place is very elegant and relaxing outside but still not a reason why a small piece of fish should be so expensive
2	I hate to give a bad review, but I was SO disappointed in this restaurant!  My number one issue was the service.  The food was good, but I couldn't enjoy it, because I was annoyed with the restaurant the minute I sat down.  I could give you the long list of my gripes, but basically from a restaurant that is this expensive and bills it self as a top spot they have a lot to learn in the way of service!  I will not be returning nor will I recommend this restaurant to anyone!  What a disappointment.
2	My husband and I had been looking forward to this meal since seeing it on an episode with Andrew Zimmerman. My husband is from Corfu Greece and I am Italian so we love & enjoy & know Mediterranean fish. Unfortunately we were disappointed on many levels. The main course scorpion fish was over cooked as this fish is meant to be cooked in a stew which we initially asked for but because we wanted the fish whole they wouldn't accommodate us. The risotto dish was over salted and full of butter as was the sauce for our whole fish. Butter should not replace olive oil in cooking fish from this area. Perhaps this is done to try to accommodate an American palate. But I have yet to meet an American who complains of the food when visiting Italy or Greece! It seemed to my husband that the chef is missing the point of how mothers across these countries cook their seafood-each fish is cooked in its own particular way to enhance its flavors- not all can be oven baked. When we saw the chef in the dining area we asked if we could see him. We were told he was busy in the office. We suspect either our bill was not high enough to entice him to our table or he was busy baking all the fish he microchipped over from the Mediterranean. We highly recommend saving your money for a trip to Greece or Italy to learn how fish is supposed to be eaten!
4	Excellent service.....some of the best.  However, the food was not commensurate with the price.
5	This place was awesome if you love fresh fish.  Over a ton flown in from Sicily every week.  We had the Pink Snapper served and fileted table side.  Our waiter was excellent and most attentive.  Yes it is pricey but if you like being treated like Kings and Queens this experience is a must.
5	Great if you know how good what you're getting is... But if you think it's too pricey there's a great buffet as well...
5	What a fantastic experience !!! I went to this restaurant for my birthday to have the tasting menu and I am glad I did !!!Food was spectacular truly Italian seafood, they just remodel the place and I like the style very elegant and warm at the same time, service was outstanding our waiter Antonio was superb and made my birthday experience exceed all my exceptions.Thanks Bartolotta for a fantastic dinner I will definitively come back !!!
2	Edward is a TERRIFIC server BUTTT today is my b-day 7-19 n it's 810pm n my husband ordered reservation n flowers under open table. We had 730 reservation n flowers still not here. Mgr warren came n seemed like he didn't give a SHITTTTT. Said their not contracted w/open table but then he had noo explain action why r reservation went though but not flowers. He offered NOTHING! Thank for shit. N the charge for the flowers. Won't b back and imma local that's worked for MGM resorts international 11 yrs. I speak to 300-500 ppl a day 5 days a week n I WONT advertise this place.  Thank you
5	This place was incredible!!!! Had the risotto and sea bass and everything was presented beautifully, tasted amazing and fresh. However what truly made this experience phenomenal was the service; it was impeccable!!!!! Luciano was knowledgable and kind and made our dinner an experience to remember. He made us feel special and like we were the only people in the restaurant!! I have a gluten allergy and he was able to accommodate this, even with dessert. I would highly recommend this place and if you want to feel like royalty; ask for Luciano!
3	I was really looking forward to eating at Bartolotta during my trip to Vegas. Service was excellent, and the bartenders were a perfect fit for a classy dining establishment that is mildly casual. I don't think the food met expectations with how much creativity and taste I expected to come with a name like Bartolotta. Now first, I have to offer a disclaimer. I had been day partying at the Encore Beach Club and needed some food in me quite badly.  I know what you're thinking. "Dude, you were day drinking. What do you know, drunkyface?" My point... I could tell you that I was underwhelmed by the offerings and expected so much more, even with minor impairment.The breads offered were okay. Cold, hard unsalted butter to go with three different types of hard bread. But yes, I ate them since the gin and tonics in my body needed something to help with absorption. I had two appetizer pastas, a not-so-creamy seafood risotto and a tomato-based pasta. They aren't kidding about "appetizer-sized" portions, so don't think about sharing it unless you just want a warm-up bite. The risotto was quite subtle in flavor, which I can understand to let the seafood flavors shine. The seafood in it was cooked nicely. The tomato-based pasta was "meh" and did not leave much of an impression on me.I realize I didn't try the fish, which is what they were famous for. It's difficult to convince me to go back to try fish, however, since what I did have was underwhelming for the price. The fun part, however, is the unexpected sampling of different dark chocolates and Italian sweets at the end of the meal.
5	From the time we walked through the door until the end of our meal it was an absolute over the top dining experience.  The food was beyond excellent.  From the chef's to the waiters to the wine pairings was like no other.  Their entire staff is so friendly and very personable.  We'll be back over & over again!!Best dish was the Ravioli, Mediterranian Sea Bass, risotto just to name a few.
3	I'm not going to lie - as a vegan, I had a choice to eat at any other Wynn restaurant with a vegan menu but I chose this place. The absolute best part about this place is the decor and the service. We sat on the outside along the very pretty lake with floating orbs, and it was probably the prettiest dang place I've ever eaten at. Our two servers showered us with so much attention it almost bordered on weird. They were really cool though.But I have to say for a  place this elegant and fancy, they would offer vegetarians/vegans something more than pasta. I have a feeling they could cook up something really special. The dessert was amazing and so were my drinks...but their salad and pasta offerings were super basic.But wow, that setting. It was really frickin pretty. It made for a very special trip with my sister.
5	Beautiful setting, ambience, friendly and professional service - and most importantly, incredible food. We did the chef's tasting menu which included a TON of food over several courses. The gnocchi was melt in your mouth outstanding, the ravioli was delicious, the penne was delicious, the fish was so fresh, the tuna tartare melted in your mouth, and the octopus with potatoes was AMAZING! Their gelato at the end was divine as well as the other dessert options that accompanied it. Just a really memorable dining experience with terrific food that makes you savor every bite. **side note: be sure your party is all wearing "appropriate attire" - men must be wearing long pants and close toed shoes, FYI! One of our party members unfortunately had to run back to the room and change. They should definitely be more explicit and clear about their dress requirements, but other than that little hiccup it was a great experience.
4	What a beautiful restaurant. The service was perfect, and the way they presented everything was top notch. The food itself was good, but falls a little short of how amazing this place could be. The seafood was extremely fresh and just flown in from what the server said and I believe him. The bottle of wine that we had was delicious. The service as I said was perfect. Unfortunately the food did not taste 5 start worthy. It didn't taste bad, it just didn't taste amazing. I don't think that I was looking for anything in particular to make me say wow with the food, but after the great presentation of the "fish cart", and the explanation of the effort that goes into the preparation I just found the food good. The check was well over a G for just my wife and I, but that's not why it only gets 4 stars. Had the food been just a little tastier they would of gotten 5 stars from me.
4	Have eaten here twice and both meals were memorable.   The technical expertise in the kitchen and in meal preparation is what gets me.   Everything is of course fresh, just flown in.   Offer some fish common in Europe but I anyway don't see on US menus much....  Excellent service.   You're getting nailed on the price given you're at a Wynn hotel on strip.   But that shouldn't be surprising.   I liked looking out on their little court yard reflective pool..... didn't feel like you were inside a casino.  Can see the sky.
5	One of the most stunning Italian seafood places I have been to - we were seated next to the large windows overlooking the small pool outdoors (around which the more private cabana seating areas were placed).  Our server was very personable and professional.  We loved seeing the fresh fish display in the ice display and learning about each fish and the taste of each fish.  We went for the $150 tasting menu.Everything was cooked to perfection.  The white wine we were recommended (they were very understanding of our limited budget) paired beautifully with the seafood and the pastas.  We noted that the presentation of the pasta tastings was very "home"-y and the taste was so balanced.  At last the "sinfonia" of desserts was of showstopping quality, visually and tastefully.  Three ices, three gelatos, three sorbets, a slice of cake, and I think a panna cotta.  The service was also lovely.  We felt like we were truly on an intimate date but always had our table attended to carefully.  We liked the high ceilings and how bright the restaurant was, and also how the tables were seated so that we still felt intimate regardless of the open floor plan.  Excellent experience.
4	Super delicious food, very full of flavor. I read in another review the wine was super expensive and they were right. We were able to get a bottle for about $100 and it really was delicious, but that was definitely one of the least expensive bottles.  I would say the only disappointment were the desserts. We had the lemon cake and a dish similar to tiramisu and we didn't eat much of either. The ravioli was unbelievable!  We had to order a second order of it, it was that good! Great experience,  very classy restaurant.
5	My wife and I had dinner here tonight.  Excellent service and food; I would gladly give 10 plus stars here. We chose risotto, spaghetti with meat sauce, seafood stew and a whole fish. I apologize for not remembering the dish name. We enjoyed every bite and the atmosphere.  We'll definitely be coming back soon.
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas!! The food is done to perfection, alnd was presented precisely. The moment you walk, expect to be treated like royalty and to have the best service. They also offer a large selection of food for allergies, and have alternative menus. Thank you Edwardo and staff
4	Having enjoyed several meals at this Italian Seafood specialist, our expectations were extraordinarily high. And for the most part, Chef Paul and his supremely professional delivered. Our group of 12 was seated at perhaps the best location in the entire place-the center cabana by the pool...which allowed us to view the entire restaurant through the glass doors and a panoramic view of the poolside restaurant as well. Our group opted for the top level chef tasting menu which includes a variety of shellfish (and of course the coveted langoustines which are tagged and monitored from ocean to table), a pasta course, the main fish course and a family style dessert tasting. If you've never dined here, pay close attention to the presentation at the beginning. It is obvious they take great care to source their Mediterranean Sea creatures and fly them in over no more than 48hrs. They also stress that the food is not fancy...it is just super fresh and prepared and served in a homey more rustic preparation. That said, your taste buds will sing after feasting on the octopus, scallops, barnacles, shrimp and super sweet langoustines. Our pasta course featured a penne with seafood in a red sauce, a gorgeous pappardelle with mushrooms, the signature cheese ravioli which were so delicate they melt in your mouth and my favorite-a squid ink risotto which was knock your socks off good. I am not a huge fan of pasta in general but it is hard not to appreciate the deft hand and the al Dente preparations here. In case you're still hungry, they filleted sizable John Dory table side which is presented in this beautiful thick salt crust. And boy is that fish flakey white and simply delicious. The dessert course was really overwhelming but we all forced ourselves to taste a bite of each- sorbetto and gelato, a berry compote panna cotta, an olive oil cake doused in rum, a chocolate mouse of sorts and my pick-the semifreddo on a chocolate cookie crust with a dried prune topping-sensational. The wine list is impressive and we deferred to the sommelier for some Italian selections. Here is a tip: bottle prices can climb quickly but if you stick with the ones recommended for under $100 each you won't go wrong...promise. Service was absolutely fantastic. Attentive, knowledgable and friendly. If you appreciate what Chef Paul has done with this exquisite seafood Mecca then the tab shouldn't surprise you. Fabulous food in a gorgeous setting served by the most professional staff..and the portions will absolutely fill your belly. Just don't expect to spend less than $150 at minimum per person for this unique culinary experience. Thank you, Bartolotta for another wonderful dining experience. Wish you would come to NYC!!!
4	Having enjoyed several meals at this Italian Seafood specialist, our expectations were extraordinarily high. And for the most part, Chef Paul and his supremely professional delivered. Our group of 12 was seated at perhaps the best location in the entire place-the center cabana by the pool...which allowed us to view the entire restaurant through the glass doors and enjoy a  panoramic view of the poolside restaurant as well. Our group opted for the top level chef tasting menu which includes a variety of shellfish (and of course the coveted langoustines which are tagged and monitored from ocean to table), a pasta course, the main fish course and a family style dessert tasting. If you've never dined here, pay close attention to the presentation at the beginning. It is obvious they take great care to source their Mediterranean Sea creatures and fly them in over no more than 48hrs. They also stress that the food is not fancy...it is just super fresh and prepared and served in a homey more rustic preparation. That said, your taste buds will sing after feasting on the octopus, scallops, barnacles, shrimp and super sweet langoustines. Our pasta course featured a penne with seafood in a red sauce, a gorgeous pappardelle with mushrooms, the signature cheese ravioli which were so delicate they melt in your mouth and my favorite-a squid ink risotto which was knock your socks off good. I am not a huge fan of pasta in general but it is hard not to appreciate the deft hand and the al Dente preparations here. In case you're still hungry, they filleted sizable John Dory table side which is presented in this beautiful thick salt crust. And boy is that fish flakey white and simply delicious. The dessert course was really overwhelming but we all forced ourselves to taste a bite of each- sorbetto and gelato, a berry compote panna cotta, an olive oil cake doused in rum, a chocolate mouse of sorts and my pick-the semifreddo on a chocolate cookie crust with a dried prune topping-sensational. The wine list is impressive and we deferred to the sommelier for some Italian selections. Here is a tip: bottle prices can climb quickly but if you stick with the ones recommended for under $100 each you won't go wrong...promise. Service was absolutely fantastic. Attentive, knowledgable and friendly. If you appreciate what Chef Paul has done with this exquisite seafood Mecca then the tab shouldn't surprise you. Fabulous food in a gorgeous setting served by the most professional staff..and the portions will absolutely fill your belly. Just don't expect to spend less than $150 at minimum per person for this unique culinary experience. Thank you, Bartolotta for another wonderful dining experience. Wish you would come to NYC!!!
1	We had reservations but waited a long time. I hated my meal. Nothing was good about it. The waiter was unfriendly. I really couldn't wait to leave. It was overpriced for the sliver of fish I got. Unfortunately I had to give it 1 star to be able to post a review
5	We fell on loveThe outside patio is the perfect settingThey wait staff makes you feelas if they are not there and allow you to enjoy your meal. Showing up at the right time not asking how your meal is as you are taking a bite. We had a the bolognese, seafood lasagne, filet, and scampiAll of the dishes were unbelievably perfectBartolotta was a perfect end to our trip we enjoyed every moment
3	This used to be one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  I would get excited coming here.The last visit we had, the service was GOOD, but not exceptional, like we've come to expect, as was the food... It just wasn't as flavorful or enjoyable as in the past.  I'm not sure if we've been unlucky, and been in on off nights, or if the restaurant itself is starting to use lesser product, but for the price tag of a meal, I've been rather disappointed.I can't really place the point of our disappointment - It was in the food.  It just wasn't as good as in the past.  Maybe there was a pinch less salt.  Maybe the pastas were just a tad over cooked. It's hard to say, aside from, just not being as happy as we have been in the past...It's too bad.  We used to love this place.
5	Best seafood experience, ever! Be sure to sit outside, magical ambiance.  Staff is phenomenal.
5	Absolutely fabulous. We always sit at the bar with Richard. Service is 5 stars. The house salad is perfect to start, then the mix fried fish apps, always two different pastas. We always try something different when we come. Then the brazino with cruda & the lamb. We always get the gelato and sorbets. The wines are a must with the pairing of each dish. The bar to me is the best table in the house. You never know who you will meet there.
5	Gustavo and JP at the bar of Bartolotta are a great team.  We tried to secure a table outside at the water, which we would recommend as well as a table downstairs as the dining room is really beautiful.  That said, we opted for a more casual dining experience despite being all dressed up.  We enjoyed an amazing salad and then a course of gnocchi.  Both were outstanding.  As we were chatting with JP (John Paul) and Gustavo, we added a couple glasses of Italian red wine and then the pesce...a Branzino.  At Bartolotta, they bring in fresh fish from the Mediterranean and elsewhere daily and serve based upon size of fish they have in stock.  A wild way to order but perfect for us.  We split an amazingly tender and delicate Branzino which was flavored and cooked perfectly.  JP de-boned it bar-side and it couldn't have been better.  Way to go guys.  Here's to Grand Island, JP!  See you again soon.
5	This is and has been for some time now the best (most affordable of the best) restaurant in Las Vegas. Tip, EAT AT THE BAR! JP and Rich are as good as it gets and so is the food. Make your next trip to Vegas a great one and stop in. Split all the pasta apps among four guests and leave very happy.
5	Truly the BEST dining experience I have ever had!! The staff is friendly and informative, the food was incredibly memorable!! I can't wait to go back!!
3	This is the type of Italian restaurant that would not surprise me at any rating they got. From a service and looks standpoint, the restaurant has few equals ( as most thing inside the Wynn). These tastes you'll find here will be preferred tastes; Some might find it to be world class, some might find it to be too fancy. Prices are expensive. Id recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to explore different Italian flavors from the usual, and Id warn others who are not as adventurous. Once again this style and flavor food isnt my favorite, so thats why I rate it like this, but im sure this restaurant is very capable of giving someone else a 5 star experience.....im also sure someone can have a 1 star experience ( not by restaurant look or staff, but by taste)
2	We had reservations at Bartolotta in the Wynn for our post-wedding dinner. I wanted to sit outside in the cabanas, but were informed when we arrived at the venue that it was closed due to weather. I did not make the reservation there for the food, which was ok, but for the atmosphere- I wanted for a romantic over-the-top wedding dinner. The location was the key to the choice I made.If the staff knew it would be closed I would have liked to have been informed earlier in the day, so I could have picked a more intimate dinner location. As it was, we sat in the middle of the restaurant, no privacy, and it was loud. We were 'stuck' because I thought they had made a special cake I requested. Turned out it was a 'fake cake' we could only photograph, and two very very small pieces of cake. I was almost in tears......I was very disappointed, and it was a once in a lifetime occasion.In the future, if you see that a couple is specifically celebrating a special night, perhaps a phone call with a suggestion of an alternate 'like' location would be warranted.
4	Bartolotta's pasta is probably one of the best hand made pasta I have had in the US. We had the Lasagnette Con Ragu Di Crostacei and Maccheroni Alla Chitarra Al Ragu Toscano over dinner. They were both very delicious!!Great wine list and superb services. I will come back for more!!!
3	I was very excited to eat here given the reviews and the praise I had seen from assorted websites and hears from people at our hotel. While our bartender/server, JP, was great, I was unimpressed with the food. I was expecting a meal that went above and beyond my tastebuds for the tiny portion. The seafood risotto lacked some serious flavor and the rice was undercooked, my boyfriend chose some spaghetti dish and the pasta was not quite al dente. I understand Vegas is expensive but the food quality should match, if not exceed menu price
4	Solo review- Ate at the bar and had an absolutely stunning filet. Great help from staff paring a wine with the meal. Found the service friendly and helpful. The restaurant is stunningly beautiful and superbly designed. Will be back for a full service.
3	This is the type of Italian restaurant that would not surprise me at any rating they got. From a service and looks standpoint, the restaurant has few equals ( as most thing inside the Wynn). These tastes you'll find here will be preferred tastes; Some might find it to be world class, some might find it to be too fancy. Prices are expensive. Id recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to explore different Italian flavors from the usual, and Id warn others who are not as adventurous. Once again this style and flavor food isnt my favorite, so thats why I rate it like this, but im sure this restaurant is very capable of giving someone else a 5 star experience.....im also sure someone can have a 1 star experience ( not by restaurant look or staff, but by taste)
1	Absolutely the worst dining experience and an embarrassment to the Michelin star family! I would consider myself a connoisseur in fine dining while in Vegas and thought this would be a great opportunity for our group to try.. Unfortunately, everything from the loud and crowded tables.. The rushed poor service... the under cooked raw rice which they passed as Risotto and the burned Bronzini which they paired with the watery sauces.. Our group if six was extremely disappointed with this restaurant and won't return anytime soon... Yes, I've dined at many  Michelin star restaurants this definitely missed the mark.. Save your time there are many other delicious dining experiences in Vegas!
5	It is are favorit been there four differents and each time in Vegas must go back. The help are so pleasent and make dinner there fun. The food is outstanding the the drinks this time were so umma  . Still the best place in las vegas
