2	If you like beige, off-white, oyster, etc.  then you're just going to love the changes Restoration Hardware have done to their stores.  UGH!I know the human eye can discern several shades of gray, but this is ridiculous!
1	Restoration Hardware has terrible quality furniture.  We received a Camden bedroom set for a wedding gift and it is cracking on the headboard.  When I called customer service they stated that would not do anything about the defect since it was a gift.  Most quality furniture stores would fix if not replace the product...not RH.  Good luck with getting good service after you spend thousands of dollars...not a chance I would ever buy from them again.
2	I love restoration hardware's lines, they have the coolest industrial and reclaimed furniture and lighting out there.  I could probably furnish at least 50% of the items in all of my houses from restoration hardware alone if it wasn't for the fact that sadly the store is operated horribly.  It's not even a store  it's a showroom so you can custom order things that should be in stock but aren't everything needs to be orderred from overseas and takes forever!!!  it's not unusual to wait 3-6 months for lighting fixtures i mean why even have a store if you stock almost nothing.  Go to a web catalog and make sure your customers are ready for the disappointment and a long wait.    Furniture is a little better but not much and quality is a question because if you have a problem there support is usually weak.  This is truly sad because Restoration Hardware matches my taste exactly sadly they can't match my expectations for a quality furniture store even remotely.  So I typically just drool over there beautiful products and the best catalogs out there today. then look for alternate sourcing that can actually deliver.
3	Love just about everything in this store. Very unique items that look like they stand the test of time.  Cool gift ideas, and wishlist items as well :)Unfortunately I witnessed someone with very poor customer service skills cashing people out on a busy day at this great store.  Looked as though she wasn't treating her fellow staff members very well either.  Too bad, because its SUCH a great place to go.
2	I had an experience with a very impersonal, rude, and pretentious associate. I had gone upstairs to research and see a lounge set in person on the upper floor above the floral department and I happened to be on a lunch break from wrk.  and was snacking while discussing the purchase of a lounge set and firepit. I was approached here abruptly and she made no conversation but too let me know that "they do not do that up here".  I am in sales myself and would never ever  speak  too a potential  buying client like this! and she really has skills to wrk on! even in all situations being the client is right/wrong! she has sales skills to improve if she is going to stay. I always thought of Restoration as a fun atmosphere and clearly it is not and is quite stuffy!
4	I can't believe all the negative reviews of this store. I went there recently just to window shop and I was blown away by how large and well done the space was.  Three stories high, with a roof top deck and front courtyard to display their outdoor furniture and soft goods. This is by far the most impressive Restoration Hardware I have ever seen. I do agree that they seem to have drifted toward a very neutral palette in their new collections but that clean, rustic, and elegant style is right up my alley. My only regret is that I really can't afford anything in this store but when I win the lottery, this will be my first stop to furnish and decorate my new mansion!
4	This place is huge.  Too bad I couldn't find anything I really like relative to the high prices.
5	Everything here is amazing! This place helps inspire great design ideas, and has numerous high quality items to deck your house out with.
5	This store is just enormous!  Three floors of really well done decor and gives you plenty of ideas on how to use their products in your own home.  The sales people will definitely interact with you and ask you if you need assistance.  On the whole once we said that we were just browsing around they left us alone to look and enjoy.This is by far the best Restoration Hardware we have been in.  I could totally see myself living in the rooms they were showing (although the price tag is quite a shock on occasion).  Overall: AGreat deco.  Great feel.  Helpful staff.  Bam.
5	Such an amazing store! I could walk around here for hours. I bought pieces from here when we moved, customer service isn't outstanding here but I love what I got so much I just looked past it. Just good tip to know all furniture has to be ordered and delivered to your home so you don't get your pieces the same day. And the other downside is that you have to pay $125 delivery fee which isn't bad as long as you are placing a large order, just make sure you wait and get everything at once instead of doing separate orders so you don't have to keep paying for the delivery fees
2	I am not sure what kind of rebranding went on at the corporate level of Restoration Hardware in the last several years, but I am not impressed.  I used to come to RH to find old school, classic designs at what I thought were decent prices. There has since been a massive elevation in the level of pretension without the corresponding elevation in product quality and design. Valet parking at this store, really?? Sofas that are so huge that they would only work in a room the size of a small bungalow? Are you dying to get your hands on a $2K German Light Bulb Voltage Tester bar? Yeah, me neither. I came in to buy some more of the starry string lights which I am absolutely obsessed with. The three employees on the main floor were so busy kissing the a$$ of just one customer that a couple of us other customers with purchases on our mind were completely ignored. I ended up just leaving after 10 minutes and ordered my stuff online.Restoration needs to be restored back to the way it was.
2	I LOVE RH, as in LOVE. I was extremely excited to visit this location but unfortunately, my excitement quickly disappeared when I experienced the customer service. I asked for pricing on an outdoor model ( I had to wait 20 minutes to be helped), my question was answered quickly, when I proceeded to ask for pricing on three other pieces ( I knew were they were in the store and their characteristics), I was asked if I could be sent an email with the information.The representative looked as if he was in a hurry and I was so disgusted with the way he replied and the lack of interest he had in me as a customer I just wanted to leave. I gave him my information, cell phone, and email, he said he would send it later that day.... I has been a week. I was planning on purchasing the pieces that day once I knew the final price but the representative assumed that after having waited so long to be helped, I could wait even longer for a reply.RH... your prices are not a crate and barrel or pottery barn or ikea for that matter.  I have gone to ikea to buy a 20 dollar lamp and have been treated 100 times better than when I wanted to buy a 3500 usd couch at your store.RH strives to continue to be a luxury brand and your design and quality is superb. Please, have your customer service be up to par with what you are selling.
5	Amazing place, great customer service and very fine quality items. After witnessing some blatant preferential treatment at ZGallerie across the street today I decided to spend my money at Restoration Hardware! Best decision ever!
5	If you do nothing else, you must enter RH and get swept away in bliss and beauty.
2	This Restoration Hardware embodies pretty much everything that I dislike about the stereotypical Scottsdale business. It oozes pretension (What furniture store needs their own valet parking, especially when the parking garage is literally right across the street from it?), with salespeople that won't give you the time of day if they don't consider you worthy of shopping there. I passed by at least 3 salespeople who walked by, ignoring me.I walked in and looked at all the furniture. Every single piece had the same drab, linen-pale-beige, burlap-sack colored fabric on it. From the looks of it (And since no salesperson deigned to talk to me to let me know otherwise), it seemed like the furniture upholstery only came in this color, and in this linen-like, sack-like fabric. I know now after looking at the website that there are actually a multitude of fabrics and colors to choose from. Why would they put the same exact, pedestrian shade and fabric on all their furniture, on all 3 floors? Variety is good! It lets customers know that your furniture is customizable!The only person there that actually talked to me was their valet, who thanked me and wished me a good day even though I didn't use their services. Their salespeople could take some lessons in customer service from him!
5	Gorgeous store!!! We always have great customer service when we visit. Whenever I have questions there's usually someone there to answer my curiosities. It's understandable when there's high traffic and you may have to wait but you'll have that anywhere. Prices are surprisingly accessible for all incomes. Website is a great start if you've never been. But don't be afraid to go in.
2	We stopped by briefly this evening to see what changes Restoration Hardware have made in the new location, but left somewhat disappointed. There's still no color here, just beige, off-white, oyster, etc.  The old Restoration Hardware is gone, now it's a furniture/ housewares store which carries only....  beige, off-white, oyster furniture. Ugh. We give up.
1	Scary store totally void of color.  Depressing and dank furniture.  I am also offended that they mailed a 12+ pound set of catalogs to millions of households.   Pretentious sales staff who surely don't have any of the awkward RH furniture in their humble abodes.
1	So I will add to the list of poor reviews.   My wife and I stopped by to purchase a bed two weekends ago.  I was well aware of the strict return policy as it relates to custom made furniture.  That said I was in for a bit of a shock when the day after we bought our bed I called American Express to find out that RH had run my card for 3 purchases.  One for the 50% deposit on the bed, one for the remaining 50% + tax + delivery, and another one for just delivery.   So drum roll... my bed came to $2700 with tax and delivery and they ran my card for $3000.   Not sure how that works.   And calling customer service was a joke.  No apology just too bad so sad that's how we do business.   I was given some excuse that the charges would drop off latter we will see.   I guess I'll call American Express, a company that has a clue as to customer service.   Maybe next time I will go to Ethan Allen.
1	This is a a great looking store if you like beige and grey. I can't believe the snooty attitude of the sales staff.  It is like they are doing you a favor to talk to you.  They can walk by you and not greet you unless you look like the part.  They don't let you pick up the merchandise from the store yet they are eager to  charge you $150 minimum for delivery. They will ship  (from an unknown location) but not install.  In our case we wanted to buy a chandelier and it  came in hundreds of pieces with a manual. We asked about the installation and they gave us an outside contractor's number.  We called for an estimate and he said  "I don't know who gave you my number but I don't install chandeliers." If you have a problem with your purchase after it is delivered they give you an 800 number to call.  Just don't bother a busy sales person.  Good luck, I'll NEVER buy from them.
2	Let's face it this is a Showroom, and it should state that.  I miss the Restoration Hardware where I can go in and buy things I can take home.  Sure there are things that you order (furniture lighting etc).  Would you please remove the mouth pieces from the salespeople.  In the middle of conversation they start talking into their mouth piece... very poor attentive service.  When you are engaging in a conversation with a customer, mute the mic!  It's nice to be important but it's more important to be nice and attentive!So many other shops to choose from.
5	Beautiful furniture.  Unlike the other reviews I experienced wonderful  customer service.
1	I visited this store for the first time about 3 weeks ago. We were not greeted upon arrival and trying to find someone to help us was impossible. A lady actually looked at us then pretended to be busy on her iPad. Fantastic.I returned about a week later as they had some items I wanted to buy, in particular a French cloche that they have on display during the holiday season. I went to the store and was completely ignored by various members of staff. The couple behind us were greeted. I went to the 2nd floor to find someone to assist me with my purchase. A lady looked me up and down and obviously I was deemed below par. I asked where I could buy the cloche to which I was told it would be an online purchase they don't carry them in store. What store doesn't'carry smaller items?  My son who is 9 wanted to go up to the top floor where they sell some toys etc. I was approached by a male store employee who was actually the first person to acknowledge our existence.  I explained to him my disappointment about the customer service so far and felt that the staff were quite condescending and rude. I think customer service means moving your head from the 45 degree angle that it seems to be permanently stuck looking  at an iPad, a smile isn't too much to ask for.I leave the store after having waited for around 15 minutes for some items that  my children wanted. I'm told my necklace is "sweet" and asked if I made it. What on earth......I leave the store pretty pissed. I'm British and we are known for being pretty reserved  but I'm so annoyed I call RH customer service. They take note of my experience and want full descriptions of the staff members who treated us like crap. Let it be known I didn't rock up to the store in my pyjamas nor wearing a track suit but was treated like I was.Anyhow, I decide to place an order online for the cloche and also four pairs of the faux fur slippers. Ten days later and $17 postage down the drain I receive my items. The slippers are below hotel quality - back to the Uggs for us. The bloody Cloche is the smaller version that I did not want. This is why they should sell items in store so you can actually see the damn thing rather than guessing from the 18 different styles online.I call the scottsdale location to explain that I would like to exchange my cloche as I have the wrong one. The sales person is quite clearly having difficulty understanding my BRITiSH accent. I proceed to spell out cloche phonetically and she ends up with croche!?  Sales lady keeps saying hello and then corrects me abut the item even though the website lists it as a cloche. By this point I'm seriously frustrated. I ask if there is someone there who would be able to understand me. She then asks if I'm speaking English . I don't think I have ever been so directly insulted. I go in to the store. Ignored once again. My husband wonders why we have been overlooked in the queue once again. I finally get to speak to someone. I am refunded for the scuffs. I am then asked to place the order for my new cloche. I am told I will not be refunded by the store for the glass vase and it will be put back on to my visa debit circa 15 days. Thanks RH you now have my money AND my item and I'm left with zip.I decided to call their customer service line again and they are pretty disgusted. They can't believe that once again we have had a horrible experience in the scottsdale store. I am refunded immediately for my returned item and my new cloche is dispatched by expedited mail with an added 20% off. The sales lady was super nice and actually won me over or else I would have not ordered again.Please note RH Scottsdale staff, you WORK there, you don't own the store. You work in retail, customer service is everything. Learn to smile and stop behaving like you have the most taxing job in the world.  West elm is right along the street. I went there I was greeted immediately. 2 sales reps went the extra mile to make sure I was happy with my purchases and guess what - they were polite and friendly to my children! I won't order through RH Scottsdale again purely based on their customer service and their demeanor.  Not a good representation of the company at all.
1	If I could give them 0 stars, that would make me happy!  I will never purchase anything from them ever again.  They do not have the products they list in their catalog and when you order them they do not deliver!  No customer service!  Not helpful!  I normally don't write reviews but they have made me so mad, I thought everyone should know how they treat their customers.
