3	Food-4-Less is a Kroger owned, no frills grocery store. Customers bag their own groceries which helps keep costs down. My husband and I recently needed to pick up some items for a short road trip we were taking. We decided to go to Food-4-Less after stopping in Fresh and Easy across the street and being disappointed with their selection. I found it rather amusing that my husband noticed multiple people shopping at Food-4-Less that we had just seen at Fresh and Easy... Apparently we were not the only ones that couldn't find what we needed there!! You can definitely tell that Food-4-Less is a no frills grocery store. You aren't going to find unusual vegetables in the produce section or an overabundance of organic foods in stock. What you will find is a clean store with great prices on the basic items most people need regularly. For the basics, Food-4-Less is A-Ok.
1	this Food 4 less is quite close to my house. I have shopped here for the last time. I don't care how cheap it is. They have the lowest grade meats. the entire back wall of the produce department has a 1" thick layer of slimy black mold. I show this mold to the produce person only to find it till there on the next visit. THE WORST store ever.
4	I really like Food 4 Less. It is a Kroger (smith's) store.They have decent prices on produce, like today, I got 5 pounds of bananas for $2.60.They also have some "natural" selections as well. I was able to find a natural oatmeal for under $2.The only turn off about this place is that the employees smoke out front of the store, talk on their cell phones about their drama. No one wants to know about that. That should be saved for the back of the store, or around the corner. I see it every time I come here.
1	Attention: if you pay cash***** watch out for heavy set Hispanic lady. I counted out the money and handed it to her, she said I didn't give her enough. I know i did, so I asked for the money back to recount it and she hesitated because she knew exactly what she was doing!!! Stealing!! I finally got my money back and counted it again and it was enough!! This lady is a thief and pocketing money! I told the manager on duty what she was doing but she didn't seem to care.  Are you kidding me?? I will never go in her line again!! I would rather leave the store, leaving my groceries behind!!!
