3	It's hard to "like" or "dislike" Border's. Border's is like the Wal-Mart of the arts world that needs to do nothing but exist to be effective. To compare Border's to a bookstore would be like comparing the internet to a public library. Border's has everything you think it might and more, which doesn't make it bad, by any means, but shouldn't be confused for good, either. One section spills over into the next like the way streets in Los Angeles become parkways and freeways without any previous indication. You look up and you're standing at a cafe without realizing that you're no longer where books are supposed to be; you turn up the volume to hear music from the headphones the clerk gave you when all you wanted was to read a magazine. What's an independent bookstore to do? How is the Yucca branch supposed to draw a crowd when everyone has wifi? Border's isn't evil or tyrannical or malevolent but it is present and pervasive. Wherever you are, you know that if you can dream it, you can go to Border's and buy it. It is the urban sprawl of commercial space, and it's holding a non-fat latte and smiling at you.
3	Border's. Barnes and Nobles. Brentano's. B. Dalton. Why do all book stores begin with a B. And why do all these chain book stores insist on selling candy, teddy bears, jewelry, food, coffee, purses etc? It's a maze of epic proportions. The signage is everywhere. Hanging from the ceiling. Plastered on the wall. Signs on the register. Too much clutter makes me run out. So, Barnes, er, um Brentano, er, oh, hell I can't even remember which B bookstore I was in. I say hire a feng shui expert or give me a 6 pack of Stella, a few hunky mover men and 6 hours and I'll organize the crap out of this place. Oh, well, they had the magazine I needed. But Leslie gets a shout our for that cuz no one else seemed to know.
5	This is one of the best Borders locations I've been to. It is located in Biltmore Fashion Park facing Camelback. The store is two stories and has a huge selection of books, magazines, DVD's, and other things. I have yet to find a Borders in NE Ohio that compares to this. Seattle's Best Coffee serves great latte's and snacks. It may be soulless, but it's a great store nonetheless. Overall, if you need a book or want to spend some time in a Phoenix area bookstore, head over to Biltmore Fashion Park and stop in at Borders.
4	My weakness, what is it? It's summed up in the name of this place, Borders Books Music and Cafe. Books are my weakness. Nothing is so erotic as the smell of a new book. Oh, wait. Music is my weakness. All kinds, even. And coffee? Well, I want some of that, too. This Borders is an okay place. I ain't complaining. I even came her the week before Christmas to do some shopping (spur of the moment decision). The lines were long. The aisles, crowded. But, I had a new book to read. I had gifts. I was set for the holidays. In the middle of January (on the 20th, to be exact), my car veered into the parking lot, opened its door and shoved me out, saying, "Go buy a new book, damnit." Who was I to protest? So, I did. I walked in gingerly, unsure if I should get another new book - at the rate I was reading, I would need a new one every week. Who really has an extra $68 lying around? Isn't that what libraries are for? Anyway, I succumbed and bought a book. Then I drove away, satisfied. You see, Borders emails me coupons. And today, I updated my online profile so I can receive coupons from other companies, like Target and Priceline. Nothing like supporting the large conglomerates, right? Well, I like to think it's a small token of their appreciation, when, in fact, I know it's just a tease - save 10% on a purchase of 50$! Like, oh my god, that's totally worth it. (insert eye roll)  But, I can't complain. It's books, music and coffee - under one roof. Not to mention magazines, including Under the Radar and literary 'rags! And odds and ends that make perfect gifts, including what I picked up for my grandmother's retirement and my best bud's birthday. As for my car, it wants to go to Borders again. I can just feel it. Maybe I'll be real nice and take it there today...
4	Stopped in at Border's on a Friday night. I have to admit I love Border's late hours. You've done a night of dining, shopping, and.....then what? A leisurely stroll through Border's is a great 'winding down' activity. I think it's Border's casual approach that sells me. If you want to sit and flip through a book you can. If you want to browse through a magazine or two from their great magazine selection you can. If you want to have a cup of coffee at the Seattle's Best location you can....while reading a book or a magazine you picked up.Sometime's it comes off as a library where you buy things instead of getting them on loan....and that adds to it's 'quirkiness' if that word fits. There is a music section on the upper level but it seems to be in the process of being greatly reduced....which kind of bums me out. I was going to ask about it while checking out but totally forgot about doing so.  ( Anyone know what's going on with that?)There is a also a section under the name of Paperchase that sells cards, writing supplies, pens, etc. The stuff is a little pricey but they have some great stuff to look through. And I'm sure you'll find something that will catch your eye.And try the Red Kane Kola (I think that's the name of it) from the Seattle's  Best. Needed something sweet and refreshing...and it hit the spot.Great place all in all to spend some 'alone' time.
4	I grab a coffee here pretty often and peruse the books.  I like the periodical section the best, they have a decent selection of international items.  The location is good, always nice to walk through while walking OFF a big meal next door at Cheesecake Factory.  Good digs!
4	I love books. I love book stores. I love the smell of books. I love to look at books. I also love magazines and CD'sThat's why I love Borders and this store will always be special for me - it broke my Borders cherry.Amazon is great and I hate that a computer/technical book is sold at Borders or BN for full retail and I can get it for at least 40% off at Amazon. But I can't smell or touch the books at Amazon.Selection is overwhelming. I went to buy a kids book as a present last Friday night and the kids section was thoroughly trashed but it was because they obviously get a lot of kids through there.The CD's...OMG. I thought I had every Pat Metheney CD ever released...was I ever wrong. I found at least 5 more that I didn't own. The merchandiser(s) for CD's definitely understand their place. No, they are not the cheapest (unless you join Border's Rewards and get 40% off coupons in the mail) but if you are looking for a CD, Borders is more likely to have it than anywhere else.BN - nice but an also ran.This store rocks!
4	Best Borders in Phoenix metro by far - amazing selection, two floors, and even areas such as psychology, philosophy, and general science have decent offerings.  Line is often long and parking is sparse at times, but the enormous selection trumps those negatives by a longshot.
4	I always forget that I really like this Borders until after I make a random stop in. I was hanging out in the center park area of Biltmore Fashion Park enjoying some Mojo when I realized I had just finished reading this dope ass book and wanted to get another one to help me stay on the self-help tip.They have a good sized Psychology section in addition to a huge Business/Management section. I always come out of here with at least a book or two. I always find stuff in the clearance section, as well.The have the coffee shop upstairs filled with yummy treats so you can have a snack or grab a drink and read all afternoon.Convenient location, good prices, relaxing atmosphere make for a pleasant experience.
5	One of my fave places in Phoenix.Well stocked and friendly staff.I don't normally peruse the DVDs or CDs because they tend to be pricey,but one day I just decided to take a look.That's when Border's became one of my fave places.I was able to find a fairly rare documentary DVD.I paid 40 bucks for it,but have never seen it offered for sale anywhere before.I very much appreciate a business who refuses to cowtow to the ridiculousness of political correctness.For that alone was well worth paying 40 bucks for.I was even more impressed by the staffer who rang up my purchase for not only being knowledgable about the DVD but letting me know they had a biography of the director of the film that had just come in.Even though the shipment had not been tagged and put on the floor for sale yet,the staffer called to have someone open the box,and bring a copy for me to look at.I bought that too!I will coninue to patronize Borders and any other book store that chooses not to censor!
1	A group of us went there for the cafe and let the kids looks at the books.  I am just going to review the cafe.  We were all reviewing the menu, I have not been there in a LONG time.  She was very annoyed that we did not know what we wanted.  CHILL!  I ordered a medium green tea latte.  She was very rude and loud, DO YOU HAVE A BORDER'S CARD?  She prepared my drink.  It was so hot, I had to wait 5 full mins before drinking it.  When I picked the cup also thought it was very light.  The cup was only 3/4 filled? WTF?  The drink was good but the service and quantity in the cup was a totally disappointment.
5	I'll be honest straight of the bat, I'm biased when it comes to this Borders, but this store has regrouped and begun anew! With better discounts than ever before and an in-stock guarantee, there's no way you could leave empty handed! Plus there have been some amazing events lately including free performances by the AZ Opera and Phoenix Symphony! Famous profiles have been booking their signings there too including Giuliana and Bill Rancic, Dr. Charles Stanley, and Mitt Romney.
5	Another spot where I like to go study and check out some fresh or not so fresh material... The upstairs lounge chairs are addictive...
2	This place seriously needs to get the IPT (inventory processing team) on cleaning up the shelves. It may just be the end of the year chaos, but I don't care. I worked at Borders for years back in the day and haven't seen such a poorly organized and cluttered store in years. It may be that they were short staffed the last few times I've gone in, but this trend means that they clearly need to hire some more folks to man the floor.Everything was so completely dickety in the sections I was checking out that it turned me off to the entire shopping experience. I got frustrated sifting through poorly alphabetized books and pushing aside a bunch of crap that should have been faced out properly but was just tossed in piles horizontally on top of the shelves or stacked all over the place with no rhyme or reason. It was like sifting through a used bookstore's offerings, except instead of being rewarded for the search by a diamond in the rough, I'm just left paying full price for the crap.I'll keep to the musty halls of Bookmans and Half Price Books, or the pixels of my beloved Amazon.
3	Aghhh!! What happened to my Borders?In the mid-to-late 90's it was a glimmering hot spot. A dating place for geeks. A bit of a pick-up joint. Every weekend night (and most of the weekday nights) the line to the cashier snaked back to the magazine racks. Every section was stocked with the latest. And now?I guess the Internet happened to Borders. And the Kindle. And the Nook.Sad, but that's the way of it.Still a good place to visit, but mainly for those who can't hear the echoes of the crowds that used to inhabit it.
5	loved it, will miss it since it's going bye bye due to bankrupcy.
3	This place will soon go out of business - le sigh. However, I'll have to say that I won't miss it too much, except I have to find another book store. Although this store is going out of business, Borders will still have an online presence with Borders Rewards too.
5	Goodbye Borders at Biltmore. I sure will miss you. Thank you for the great sales this month. Books are 40-80 percent off if you want to indulge before they shut their doors for good.
4	This place is going out of business. I have taken advantage of the 50% to 60% off on books.
