1	Gosh, the prices in here are great!  How is it possible that Wal-Mart can keep their prices so much lower than everyone else?  No, greeter lady.  I can't spare any change.  Wow.  I'll be reporting HER to management.Oh my God!  Sweatpants for $3.99!
4	Since I live about 10 feet away from this Wal-mart, I've been forced to grow pretty close to it. I walk into it about 2 times a week and usually the experience is surprisingly good for a Wal-mart. Always a cultural experience, Wal-Mart Eastway satisfies basic needs, keeps a pretty decent stock, and has, well, average customer service (thats kind of a lie, but its Wal-Mart, not Nordstroms). Among the bad, the family Honda Accord was stolen out of the parking lot 2 years ago and there was no video footage or security help, luckily it was later recovered, and the alarm system goes off most of the time because of various incompetent removals of tags at the register, but you gotta love the prices. I've never had return problems and the clothing section is really great actually.
3	I can always count on Wal-Mart for low cost products! This store is convenient and has pretty fast service. Not too friendly of a greeting when I went though. I don't go out of my way to shop at Wal-Mart, but when I am in the area and needing something, I don't mind stopping in.
1	This used to be my be my neighborhood go-to for all consumer goods. It was always mediocre, but one day I went in there, almost got ran over twice in their impossibly confusing parking lot, couldn't find a cart, when I did it was dirty, and then the staff was rude. To top it all off, I wrote an email to Wal-Mart customer service, which was very cordial and non-bitchy. A customer service rep responded pretty quickly... at 8 am on a Saturday morning. Double fail, Wal-Mart. I am so glad I moved across town and have no excuse to go here anymore.
1	I hate WalMart but someone gave me a gift card for Christmas and instead of throwing it out, my frugality told me "Rachel, just go.. just once".I made a badddd mistake.This location, when I visited earlier this week, not only had help that knew 0 about the 3 things I was looking for, but the store itself was a total wreck. Not sure if they were restocking/changing planograms, but coming from retail I know there's a way to do both without making the store look like a bomb hit it!Of course, the employees just make me sad (see THE HIGH PRICE OF LOW COST) but they didn't seem to motivated to know how to work the cash register (I paid with a gift card and that set off a series of paniced looks in my cashier's eyes).I will never go again, Walmart. DIE!
3	While Wal-Mart itself has to be nearing the saturation point, this particular location has been here just this side of forever and it really looks the part.  If the new location gets built just around the corner on Independence and Pierson, this one is probably going to be shuttered for good, since it has not even been made over, while most others have at least received a coat of paint, a reorganization and a tube of lipstick to bring it all together.That said, it is not a completely bad experience, though it can be scary if you have never had it before.  Ultimately it is all part of the good times.You may have even heard that Jesus shops at Wal-Mart, and that is likely because of the age of this location.  You may even run into him.  Maybe several.  Just make sure you pronounce the name right - it is "hey-seuss", not "gee-sus".  Tell him (them) I said hi.
1	Guys... this has got to be the seediest Walmart I've ever seen.  You know what to expect when you hit up a Walmart pricewise and generally, but this place is just grim and dirty.  The bathroom smelled like - I kid you not - a pet store.  A stanky, broke down pet store.  If you must hit up a Walmart - maybe you are a broke teacher like me and the admin told you "'oh sure we'll reimburse you for the year, just keep it under 100 bucks" - the one on wilkinson is nice, and the one up by uncc is a frickin palace in comparison.
1	Closed
