4	I differ from the first reviewer. I have been to Smiths all over town and this store with the Rampart and Lake Mead location are the most pleasant to me. Granted I rarely go during peak hours which are crazy busy here and they have mentioned before they were understaffed but at least the checkout is fast when there is a crowd. They have been nice and helpful when we needed something. They keep the store neat. I like that even though I come late, they don't have aisles inconveniently cluttered with pallets to re stock. They take out a few at a time it seems because from 10pm-3am when I do majority of shopping, its not overly crazy. Go to Wal Mart down the street and sometimes the stockers get in the way.One thing that drives me nuts is bad produce. They keep up with theirs and I appreciate that as I've been to a few that the fruit at the bottom is rotten out.UPDATE 7/5 So for a little bit I was getting worried because the produce was looking sparse/not as fresh last month, but it's starting to look pretty good again.  There are some "off" times in every neighborhood market- It seems though I have felt that way about almost every market in Vegas. Seems they hired some new people so hopefully that helps peak hour service for all you morning folk. Doesn't affect me too often, I've been to this market 5 times with the sun out in a year, but nice to know it seems a bit smoother. I still think they need another person on the register though.
3	Large variety and everything I have bought has been good.  The deli workers can be overheard taking about how little hours they get compared to other newer employees and another started to help a man that had just come up to the section, until I told her I had pulled the number like I was supposed to.  Mistakes happen, but she seemed upset that she had to help me after that.  Very strange.
4	A great local grocery store.  While it does get busy during peak hours the staff is usually friendly and they have great products to buy!  Around the Centennial area there are not to many grocer's that are better.  The fresh produce is great and the meat's are top choice.  They have a great selection of just about anythin that you would want from a grocery store.  It's not a revaltion or anything but it is a good grocery store.  Check it out for yourself and let us know ;)
4	Great store.  Always clean and organized.  The checkout lines move really quick too, even when it's busy.  I don't come here as often as I did when I lived around the corner, but when I do, I'm glad to see that it's still being run well.I like shopping for Meats and Deli food here.  Their Produce section is ok, but not great.Return Factor - 40%
4	The workers here are nice, friendly and helpful. Shelves, aisles, and floors were all neat and kept clean and organized.
4	I go here to do most of my heavy food shopping. Living with my two brothers, all of us over 25, we blow through food. Smiths has a wide selection of all kinds of food we like, and is just close enough to be worth the extra 2 minute drive to save money (over the closer Albertsons.My food shopping schedule usually has me at this store once every three weeks for heavy shopping, and at least once a week for the auxilery or fresh stuff. Each of us have our 3 meals that we are good at cooking, and some of them require fresh ingredients, like fish night or chicken stir fry night. On those nights I make an extra trip out to Smiths for the good selection of fresh meats that they have.We also have a burger night which requires fresh buns. You know how if buns just sit there on the counter for a few days, they get hard? Yeah we don't like that so I make another trip out there to get fresh buns from their bread section.With my healthier diet now, another favorite section of the store is the fruit and vegetable section. A wide selection of fresh vegetables are provided for those 3-5 vegetable servings I love each day, and they have some decently fresh fruit, some cut some uncut. I usually hit up this section once or twice a week to get snacks for the next few days.The only reason this place does not get 5 stars is because they are so popular that sometimes when I go in there (like on super bowl sunday), they seem to be out of stuff that I want to buy. Out side of that, there is nothing and nobody wrong with this facility. It is clean, spacious, friendly, and offers a wide enough selection to satisfy my tastes as well as my brothers'.
4	Not always satisfied with parking lot; shopping carts always stashed on curbs (like it's Walmart). The only other complaint is those damn studded pavers that you almost dump your cart of groceries on upon leaving the store.The grocery store itself is always clean and has a great selection of produce [best of all chain stores that I've found (minus Whole Foods)]. I am particularly satisifid with the meat dept; they are always present and ready to help. The selection is commendable too. Lastly, having an employee guiding shoppers to the next available checkout line is one of the more brilliant things I've seen at the grocery store. Overall very satisfied with the shopping experience.
4	This place always has what I want or need- and at great prices too! I love when they have the ten for ten dollars deals on bakery products such as flour and sugar. I stalk up for the holiday here! The pharmacy is great too, they are always very friendly and very helpful.
4	Ive stopped at this store twice (both on the way to Beatty for Tough Mudder races) and both times the doughnuts we bought were UNBELIEVABLE! Im floored by how good they were. and I am not talking about just a plain glazed.... filled with different fillings, bacon maples, cinnamon rolls... everything was awesome... the thing that sucked was how long it took for us to get checked out both times... 5-10 minutes at 7am on a saturday.... hmmm....
5	This was a couple of weeks ago. But I had a painful toothache it seem to come out of nowhere. I had some discomfort on Thursday and I called my dentist on a Friday just before  5:00PM and he called a prescription here for me. I picked it up an hour later and lived to see the weekend. Now the two root canals is another story..frick..
1	I don't expect a fancy parade of amazing service, offerings of exotic produce or a team of personal shoppers fawning over me when I go to the grocery store. Given that grocery shopping is already the bane of my life, I have really low expectations for the place where I purchase my impressive assortment of top ramen food products.Seriously, I'm not shopping for organic baby prawn medleys and goose liver patte'... I just want to get in and purchase my run of the mill poor person foods like canned beans and frozen dinners. So when I say low expectations, I mean REALLY low expectations.So it really says something about the Smith's that I would rather saw off my own foot than shop for my failure cuisine at their grocery store. When someone that has been beaten by the poverty police and kicked in the face by life as much as I have doesn't want to shop at your store no matter how great your prices are, you have got some problems. I don't actually notice that the prices are much different than any other store in the area, though. To be fair, I may not be noticing prices because of the instant seizure caused by walking into the herd of people always grazing around in the Smith's. The prices seem to be the same overinflated prices seen everywhere else in Las Vegas. Same high prices, same fake discounts.The parking lot at the Smith's is absolutely insufferable. It's like parking at Walmart, but without the option to park really far away in hopes that your car won't be needlessly assaulted. You can always count on Smith's to give you that uneasy sensation you get when leaving your car in a suspicious lot. Any sense of relief you feel when finding your car unscathed at the end of the shopping trip will quickly subside when you try to leave and a number of cars pass behind you, almost collide with you, get in your way and speed. Despite the anger and road rage you will feel in the Smith's parking lot, I think you can really count yourself lucky that none of these citizens of our fair city ran you over as a pedestrian.When you get inside the store you might actually just have a panic attack and die. I always hope that is what will happen to me when I see that battlefield. To say that Smith's has an overcrowding problem is a laughable understatement. Smith's makes every day feel like Black Friday: You will bump into other people, wait in line to look at things and have trouble navigating the store through all that human garbage. I guess that is not too bad when you think about the hand-to-hand combat that could ensue should Smith's ever hold true to the Black Friday tradition and place an item on sale. (They are keeping us safe.) Bring your hand  sanitizer for all the awesome contact with humanity you'll be having at the Smith's!I think the owner must be friends with the fire marshall because there is no way that place isn't over capacity at any given time. If it weren't for all the food in there I'd say it was like a third world country. Except, I guess third world countries do have food but no one can afford it. So it is pretty similar to a third world country. Without the charm.I guess it is not fair to hold the business responsible for the fact that so many people descend on the store like the apocalypse is upon us. However, I can and do blame them for not staffing the store properly and relying almost exclusively on self-checkout. This causes all those people to become trapped in the store and creates a feeling desperation and taints the air with the smell of sweat. It also fills my heart with hate.There is always a huge line of frustrated people clogging up the isle in the front of the store. There is only one isle with a person checking and it's always crammed, so people start to self-checkout with way too many items or when they are way too stupid to operate the sophisticated check out equipment. I hope the person who thought of self-checkout was put to death for his crime against humanity.Once you are able to get to the front of the line, expect to get held up at least once because even of you are not purchasing alcohol the bagging area is very weight sensitive. In fact, Smith's is so concerned that you are going to steal from them that they force you to wait for an attendant because you dropped a ten cent packet of Koolaide. Then you have to wait for an eternity because Smith's has left the same person in charge of 8-10 stations and there are clearly a ton of people who should not be using self checkout to begin with.Look, I'm not classy, I don't have any pride, I'm shopping at Smith's for crying out loud! Grocery shopping is a horrible chore and I hate it with a passion. Unfortunately Smith's makes a chore feel like a war. I shouldn't have to take a nap afterwards.
3	Smiths is the store I go to when I dont want to fight the crowds at Walmart.  Don't get me wrong this Smiths is always busy. The parking lot is carazay!  I think because its in a location where it is the only place to go unless you want to travel a little further to Walmart.  This store is always clean and always stocked.  The cashiers, most of them have been there forever, are so friendly.  Great customer service here.My only gripe is that months ago all Smiths stores decided to reorganize the store.  The reorganization is confusing and not practical.  The chips and cookie isles are in the middle of the nonfoods section-a couple isles away from the food.  It is so weird.  Even though its been months I am still not used to it and it is rather frustrating.  I guess it might be a good thing that I forget those isles on occasion. LOLI do love the deli and only get thier Boars Head meats.  Yes I am a Boars Head snob.  I also love their new (or semi new) sushi bar.  Be careful if you snag one of those samples-you will fall into their little trap...but that might be a good thing. haha  The meat section always seems to be stocked and well priced.  The pharmacy I've had a few issues with but Im not sure if that is their fault rather than presecription issues.  Overall I do like this Smiths.  I've been to some Smith's that are on steroids-no joke-meaning they have alot of great features that this one doesnt. Like the one on W Charleston.  Whew.  I think our store is ready for that upgrade as busy as it is.  It would be well received.  I promise.
4	I dont always find what it looking for here. But other than that I never had an issue with the cleanliness here. Everyone is very helpful. I gave it 4 stars cause I don't always find what I'm looking for there.
5	This is my top spot to shop for groceries nearby the house.It seems to always be clean when I come here and never too crowded with a wait at the registers.Produce and Meat selection is much better than the other grocery stores nearby, which includes bone-in Ribeyes at good prices!  The cheese selection is also pretty good as well.Since I have no complaints, and I enjoy shopping here, I'll drop the 5 :P
4	I enjoy shopping for my groceries at this location. But I don't like the fact that the people who work here have no idea where anything is. Excuse me where would I find the Rotel? Rotel....whats Rotel? Wait do we sell Rotel? Hell, I don't work here I'm asking you. Really how can u work in a store and have no idea where anything is. So because I like the store and it's location I have just decided not to ask anyone where anything is. I just send the husband to look for items if I have no idea where things maybe. Other than that is a cool store.
4	It is all about the Free Friday Download. Free Friday Download cannot be beat! FFD 4 Life, vatos.So what is this Free Friday Download, you ask? Well, Kroger, who owns Smith's and Ralph's -- among others -- offers a free items nearly every Friday for their store club members. Membership is free (they track all your purchases, which is worth a lot to them) and they even send you an email to remind you to download the "coupon" to your card. Once downloaded, one has fifteen days to redeem, in-store. With that being said, they have other attributes that make them better than merely "A-OK." The Free Friday, and the books -- cannot beat books -- definitely bump it up for me. Pharmacy I do not partake in drug-use, so I do not patronise the pharmacy. (I gather it is rather useless though, from all the pages I have read while waiting on other's prescriptions to be filled. Makes for great reading time though.) I will not deduct from star-rating because it not first-hand experience, and their inherent incompetence has no effect on me besides giving time to browse newly released books. OtherThey have books here. And a decent array of magazines (will they when you read this in December 2016 C.E.?). And mobile phones. I never quite understood why they even sell mobile phones; do people shopping for milk (nasty, bovine junk) just decide: ah, shit. I want a "smart phone?"  OrganicsUSDA Certified-wise, they are certainly lagging with other, pricier chains. None of the Free Friday stuff is ever certified organic either, except maybe an energy bar once. This is the part that sucks with Smith's; I know they were trying (did they stop?) to make some inroads in the past with adding certified organic to their shelves, but it has been a snail's pace process for sure.RewardsI used to try to get enough points to get money off of petro (the Smith's on Tropicana, on the West side has a fueling station, and so does the one on Ann in the East), but for whatever reason could never buy enough groceries to be able to pull it off. I am not sure if the fuel costs count towards rewards as well. To be honest, I am not sure how any of it works, I just know it kinda sucks.On a separate note, a lady once tried to pay for me at the self-checkout kiosk. Some people are really nice here. Not everyone who lives in Las Vegas is a drunk, douche, or dick. - E
4	Stopped by for some groceries. The parking seems to be an issue. But we arrived early enough to avoid the hoard of commuters.As for prices they were relatively low compared to what I'm used to from Los Angeles. The produce selection they had was great. All fruits and veggies were picked to perfection and the breads they baked were really fresh.Overall with great food selection and good customer service we would stop here again.
4	You get what you pay for...Cleanest grocer in my area IMO.Huge selection of produce, organic and regular.I get all my super foods here, beets, kale, etc...Awesome meat sales once in a while I'll stock the freezer to the max!Best of all?.... 24/7.When I go it's late... no lines... self checkout... in and out!
3	This place can be hit or miss.  Guess it depends on what time of day you go.  One of the busier Smiths in the Las Vegas valley.  Many times I try to shop in the morning and it can be a real hassle.  Lots of vendors in the store trying to stock the shelves and also many times boxes and pallets block the aisles where people try to shop.  I must say they have one of the better deli's out of any supermarket in vegas that serves Boars Head meats.  I highly recommend the Salsalito Turkey breast if your in the mood to have a turkey sandwich with a little kick.  Their bakery is always good too.  Pretty good donuts and their sub rolls you can never go wrong with at 3 for $1.
4	I have always been a fan of Smith's and with a recent relocation I find myself shopping at Smith's more often. It's not quite as close as Albertson's, but is a little more cost effective. The produce section is well organized and full of fresh choices. Ditto for the meat department. Their weekly ad is always full of stuff we need and the prices on the items that aren't on sale usually won't break the bank. Kroger has a pretty solid line of products too that are comparable to national name brands. During my latest visit the store was busy, but there was no shortage of help and plenty of check stands open.
4	A great place always clean good cashiers hours have a bargain or two and a plaster always open 24 hours
4	It amazes me the upgrades they've made since moving to the area. A few things I've noticed:- flashier produce section (labeled and presentation upgrades)- a push for more organic and clean eating products available (they brought the fruit cutting and packing from the back to the front so you can watch the employees picking fruit... Oh and they make their own juices including pineapple, carrot and orange juices)-a larger gluten-free and "paleo" centered selection of produce, meats (cage free and non-GMO available) and ingredients.- samples from the sushi bar- a huge variety of wines and spirits with local and out of state choices available- self check-out for convenience- a selection of "as seen on TV" items- SLOTS (oh Las Vegas)...and more!I enjoy Smiths for most of my quick, last minute shopping choices (and with their discount card, you get $0.20 off gas for every 100 points earned at the Fabulous Freddy's gas status conveniently located behind the store). The variety of choices gives everyone a chance to find what they need while the store is conveniently open 24/7. Some of the down falls I've noticed was in the occasionally grumpy employee (cashiers mostly) and a rather crowded layout making it hectic with traffic during peak and busy days/hours.Overall, I enjoy this location and the sushi bar is pretty awesome for store bough, cold sushi :)I have four stars
5	This store is always friendly and clean. They are carrying more organic vegetables and products. Makes shopping easier for us, since we prefer organic.  Easy access, quick and very little waiting for such a large store. I can find almost everything I need in personal items also.Carolyn Vanzlow
4	This is my favorite grocery store. Not just because of it's location, but the staff is crazy friendly and they actually carry the stuff I like. I'm kind of stuck up about food and the food I cook and feed my kids. Smiths produce is always great, they have the health food products I like, the people that shop there don't look like they just left honey boo boo's house. I run into my fellow yoga pant clad pretty girls there all the time. Their selection can't be beat and they are helpful in getting me through the line as efficiently as possible. Which is important because who wants to wait in line?
5	Love this store!!!! Great selection and great deals all of the time. I have a choice in my neighborhood between Albertsons, Vons, and also Walmart but if you want high quality great prices and friendly service this is your place.
4	Things I like:-New produce section. -They are always moving the lines so you never have to wait at the check out long, if ever. It is still just a grocery store and it gets quite busy. The aisles can get crowded and sometimes they run out of stock and you have to get a raincheck, or try another store. Yet for some reason I would rather shop here over Albertsons. (When I am not shopping at Fresh & Easy) Maybe it's the weekly specials? Maybe it's because it reminds me of the grocery stores like back home? Maybe because I know my way around? Whatever the case maybe I keep returning and will continue to do so. Things I dislike:-The parking lot is always a mad house with morons that either can't drive and/or park!
1	Every time I go here it is always super crowded and there is never enough staff. Be sure to check your dates on everything you buy.  The last several times I shopped here the food was expired and several things were clearly rotten. Found a tray of cheese with mold om it. Would not go here ever again.
4	smiths has great customer service, the smiles seem genuine and there always willing to help
5	Had a wonderful experience here (consistently) but had a store manager (I believe that she was a manager) asked me if I wanted help while looking a little lost in the frozen food section.  I wanted to have one piece of a bone in chicken but they didn't have any out.  She found someone in that section and had them cut me one piece then have it packaged.  Both the employee in that section and the manager were extremely friendly and willing to help in any way they could.  However, the parking is absolutely insane during regular business hours.  It seems that everyone is going to Smith's after 3pm. Added bonus, they have their gas station located (maybe an 1/5th of a mile away) near the grocery.  Gas is generally cheaper there then most gas stations and if you have enough reward points, they discount your gas.
3	Very clean . Fresh produce .Outstanding customer service but wayyyy to expensive !!!! Walmart and food for less offer many of the same items at a third of the cost . Food for less is just sooo far
