4	I so have an antenna ball from here!!!I normally try to stay away from fast food places because in general their locations and quality of food and service suck balls.Well I only hit this location thru the drive thru usually pretty late after midnight or even later, which is a plus because this is a 24 hour location. The only down point of this review..which negated me from giving them the all coveted five stars is that they never seem to have shakes when I go..which sucks...I always go at shake machine cleaning time or something.In any event the last several times I have gone here, they have aced my order every time the food is presentable and seems to be made pretty fresh, I have become a fan of the Chicken Terraki Bowl Combo and any one of their burgers I especially like the Triple Bacon Cheeseburger Combo with the spicy curly fries.For a fast food place this particular location seems to have it together, I am sure it has to do with the staff they have right now.I hope they keep up the good work because it is nice to actually enjoy your food once in a while when you have to eat fast food.
1	They fucked it up...who ever did what ever and what ever it was it was wrong.
1	BEWARE DANGER DANGER EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!!!Great Cheryl really??!? You must work at this one. I am a fan of Jack don't get me wrong but this location is JACKED UP! Service sucks, food sucks, management sucks, cleanliness sucks. Wow this place really sucks! 1. They are always out of everything ranch, onions, ketchup, curly fries, coke. WTF Jack. Seriously when I was in high school and worked fast food when you ran out of something you ran to another location and got it! 2. Don't order the taco's! We all know that Jack makes deliciously greasy cheapo taco's. These at this location are always nasty soaked in grease. When you pick them up grease pours off. Yuck! Also sometimes you get lettuce sometimes you don't. Sometimes you get cheese sometimes you don't. I have even gotten one with cheese and lettuce the other with sauce only. 3. The workers are always dirty like they have been working all week in the same uniform without cleaning it. 4. Don't try to special order anything they will mess it up every time. I am all for second chances and I have given this location about 22 chances since they are close to my office. But no more I will never go back to this one! Today was the topper, I ordered food and as I was ready to hand over my credit card I see a condom, it appeared to be used, laying on the side of the drive thru window. I pulled my credit card back and drove off!
4	No matter what anyone has to say about this location of Jack in the Box, I will always have a special fondness for it.  It was put in when I was in my teens.  My Father's corporate offices were nearby.  It was such a delight when they put it in!  I could run across the street and get food that was consistent, hot, and with a decent price. Nobody ever told me not to eat it because it wasn't good for me. I was not well when I was young and I'd eat there because I had to eat something at work.  To this day no matter how sick I am I can put down two tacos and a Jumbo Jack.  I wonder if the grease from the tacos helped build my immune system? I'll go by and check it out.
3	Ok, it's Jack In The Box.  Guess what people.. it's fast food, so if you go here, expect yummy greasy oily food.  I love the jumbo jacks and the breakfast burritos. I havent been sick from eating here, so (knocks on wood) I hope that doesnt happen.  Of course if you eat their tacos at 3AM.. you might get sick.  but damn those are so good. I dont know what's in them, but it's ok.. it still tastes like some form of meat paste. Not a fan of their fries too much.  Im still a McDees fry eater.  This place is place is pretty decent. Some of the staff seems like they've worked there for ages.  Very friendly people.
4	"Uuhh. . . . eight . . . no . . . . uhhhh . . . . ten . . . make it ten  . . . ten tacos . . . ""Sir. . . how many tacos?" (rustling sound with a selection of masculine guffaws and feminine giggling)"Ok, we've had a recount . . .  uhh. . . . . twelve. . . . twelve tacos. . . ""Twelve tacos?""Yes, twelve . . . twelve tacos. . . ""Ok your total is $6.78 at the window please pull forward.""What?""Please pull forward.""Ok.""Welcome to Jack in the Box, can I take your order please?""You just did."(Long silence)"So can you pull forward?""Oh, I guess.""Thank you!""Hey . . . you still there?""Sir, yes. . .  what can I get for you?""What time is it?"(long silence)"It's 2:40 AM""2:40 AM?""Yes. Please pull forward."Ok.. . . can I get napkins with that?""Yes. Please pull forward.""Ok."
4	Lately I find myself dropping in this location of Jack in the Box more often than I have in the past.  It's typical fast food so what can you say.  I can say they are pretty efficient and more friendly than the crews at other locations of this same company.  I like that.  Makes the food go down better when the person providing it makes the day just a little nice by being agreeable.To bad they have to be by that German place where the people work at trying to be the opposite,
4	I happen to run into the manager of this store when I was doing some shopping.  He is just such a personable guy even when he is not at work!.  We discussed which furniture he should buy.  The crew is a reflection of his attitude.  Even more of a reason to go to this Jack in the Box.  If he reads this, I hope the table worked out.
4	I'm not really a big fan of JIB in general, but I must say that this one surprised me. The cashiers are always friendly and quick and the manager is always eager to ensure each customer is treated like royalty. The only thing that keeps me from giving it five stars is the disconcerting fact that the restrooms are kept under lock and key...you have to ask the cashier to unlock it.
3	I've actually stopped here a few times when I have had the mid morning munchies on my route.  Service has always been quick and friendly.
3	Pros: My best friend was here for a visit from VA, where they don't have this fast food restaurant. She has actual cravings for their tacos. She loved them. I haven't eaten here in over 5 years. Ordered the sourdough breakfast sandwich and split it with my sister. We liked the curly fries. Fast service. Cons: My sister disliked the potato wedges. Greasy fast food. I prefer McDonald's fries.
1	Screwed up a simple to go order. Tried to call the store & got a msg - not taking calls at this time. Called the 800 number, took too long to register the complaint & kept asking the same question. How many times do I have to explain the problem? A few days later I get a call from someone claiming to be responsible for this location. Hard to understand. Basically the resolution was: this is "John", manager there is "Bob" next time you're there ask for "Bob" and he'll make it right. Really?! What if "Bob" isn't there? Do I keep going back until he's there? What if it's 2 - 3 weeks later? will he remember? Unbelievable.
1	The food is good but poor customer service there the woman that work there always gossiping always forget something in my order all the time one time I had to 3 times back to get the food they forgot to put in my bag  last time order a orange juice the forgot to put it my bag just never went back an I will never go again
3	Jack in the Box like most fast food restaurant seem to be hit or miss. All while being completely random when that is. Some days, very same jack in the box food can be good. With great service.  On other dayss, at the very same jack in the box the food can be nasty and service down right horrible.Simply put it's a gamble whenever you go. This one is no different.  On some days my order is perfect.  Other days, I cant help but wonder if the food I was given had been sitting in the trash bin and it was served up to me.Service years actually mostly good. That is always a plus. Getting in and out of the drive through is painless and they always have great shakes. Seen that things are always random,  you're pretty much going to be gambling when food and service is good and when it not. So you are on your own.
1	I wish I could leave zero stars.  Ugh every time I go there,  the mess something up.  They really know how to screw up the simplest orders. The cashiers are not friendly, or competent. When you try to call their number to complain, you don't get an answer. This location was the replacement of the one on 7th street and Indian school because they sucked so bad,  but it looks like I'll just stop having it all together.
