5	I rolled in to this Tire Works because it was about a fifteen second walk from my workplace, which was pretty darn convenient. The man behind the counter, Maynard, greeted me and took my vague, stereotypically girly, "Um, can you just look at my car and just make sure it's good? And uh, I'm 2000 miles overdue for an oil change, so, you know, if you could do that..." and translated it into a legitimate service request.So, a short while later, he called back and told me my car's alignment was off and quoted a price for labor. When I came back to pick up my car, he explained what it means for the car's alignment to be off and the bad things that can happen if you don't get it fixed quickly. We also had a good chat about hockey and that always makes me happy. The last time I got an oil change (at Jiffy Lube,) the guy that helped me was a UNR fan, and that didn't go over so well.Prices were reasonable, coupons are widely available, service is great.
4	Don't want to give them a 3, but don't want to give them a 5. First I try Pep Boys because the guy at Walmart says he got an alignment there. (They don't do alignments at Walmart.) Pep Boys has an online appointment sign up and I do it. No prices are shown. Have to call for pricing. Turns out the appointments are bogus. You get there on time and they do not have your slot reserved. I would have had to wait several hours or overnight. WTF! So back to the house and yelp reviews. Tire Works was reasonably close so I call to see what it will take. The guy says come right in and get it done in an hour. The price quoted is about $20 higher for the balance, but the same for the alignment. Friendly service and done on time and seems to have cured my higher speed vibration. Happy happy joy joy!Nits: $20 more for balance and the mechanic left grease marks on the door and the arm rest. Otherwise it would have been a 5.
5	Don't you just hate it when you see a nail stuck in your tire? That's what happened to me during Labor Day weekend. I saw it after I drove to work and parked my car. Couldn't do anything about it until after my shift, so I just hoped that nothing else would go wrong for the time being. I had bought these tires at Discount Tire and remembered that they came with a warranty that included free lifetime repairs and free replacements, plus balancing, if the tires could not be repaired. Awesome, right? But guess what, Discount Tire stores are closed on Sundays!! Arghh!! Of course they would be closed on the day that I really needed them! So during my lunch break, I searched for a tire store/service center that would be open on a Sunday. Luckily, this Tire Works was open and near my house. I drove down here right after work. Maynard helped me right away and he was very friendly. Turns out that I had a nail stuck in another tire as well, and they even showed it to me. They repaired the tires in about 30 minutes. Although I had to pay $35 for it, I am thankful that they were open on a Sunday and during a holiday weekend! Thank you for everything Tire Works!
1	I had to take it back right afterwards. Once I got it on the freeway it gave a vibration from 50 to 70 and up. It also pulled to the left. They supposedly do the work to make it right. They want me to test on a surface street. I should have insisted on taking it out on the freeway. It still pulls to the left and has the same vibration. Do not go here.
1	Tire Works is a ripoff. Not only do they charge twice as much as most other tire places but they don't honor their warranties nor their price matching guarantee. I had a flat tire and took my vehicle there for a replacement. They told me there was a price matching guarantee and that their pricing was the lowest anywhere. I took their word for it and purchased the tire but when I got home to actually price check, I found that they charged me 2x as much as most other tire shops in the area. When I called them the next day, they told me "too bad, I already signed the receipt!" They also damaged my alloy wheels when changing the tire because they didn't use nylon protectors on the tire changer. They are the worst company I have ever dealt with!
1	This Tire Works (TW) location on west Flamingo is nothing but a F--ing rip-off joint!!! I went there a while back to get an answer as to what was wrong with my car. They charged me a $100 for a diagnosis that was TOTALLY wrong!! The car was making a terrible racket. TW told me i probably had a cracked head and it would be $1200-$1500 to HOPEFULLY fix the issue. They also told me that they would apply the $100 to the repair. I went and got a second opinion, which then i was told it was an a/c clutch problem, for which the repair cost me under $100!! Sun Country Auto that was there before TW was NOT any better!! Stay away and be VERY afraid!!
1	Do not visit this location.  I had my truck towed here after it lost all power, after six days they still had no clue what was going on but had insisted that the only way that they could diagnose the problem was to spend $500 on plugs and wires.After 6 days I paid for a second tow to take it somewhere else where within a couple hours they had diagnosed the problem, correctly as a broken valve spring and thrown valve.Paul and Alex are very poor technicians.  They should not be allowed to work on your car except to do oil changes and change tires.
5	This morning I stupidly drove over some tire destroying treadles as I left my apartment complex and one tire was flattened. I changed it, put the donut on the car and tried to find a repair shop. The Goodyear on Tropicana opened at 0730 but Tire Works across the street opened at 0700 so that was going to be my choice. The staff arrived on time, the technician drove the car to the bay and set about determining whether the tire was salvageable, and the manager explained potential options. To my delight, the tire was repaired. I asked about the cost, and the manager said - to my sheer unbelief - just give the tech something for his work, which I did. I can tell you the manager made a customer for life and I am most grateful to him and his technician for helping me out in a bad situation. If this is the way they conduct business, they've got my highest admiration. Thank you!!!
5	Vincent did an outstanding job on my oil change.  It was nice to actually see someone check everything like they were supposed to.  It took a little longer then a Jiffy Lube, but well worth it.  I will be a repeat customer.
4	I got a flat tire on Memorial Day and thankfully this place was open! Flat tires on observed holidays suck, but they made sure that I was happy. At first they offered to sell me buy two get two free, because they noticed that I was going to have a second tire that would need repair soon, but that would have been crazy expensive so we settled on just switching out the single flat. They did promise to honor the same price so I could go back at a later date for the second one. Downside: they don't have coffee or water to offer their patrons.
1	I first went to this store because I got a flat on Memorial Day. The manager gave me a good price on my tire and then I went back two weeks later and changed a second tire, again he honored the same price. At first I was really happy with the service that they gave me. I thought they were giving me really great service. Almost immediately after they changed my tires, I started having problems with my brakes. Prior to this, I have NEVER had problems with my brakes. I have 2012 that I bought straight off the lot and most of my driving is highways miles. I'm no dummy when it comes to cars and I do not tolerate companies that try to take advantage of women. One of the times I was driving, I was braking as I was making a turn and the brakes weren't catching. Another time, I was driving in the mountain, and my car swerved - almost into another lane to oncoming traffic, because of the brakes. As soon as I noticed a problem, I called the store. In fact I called the store a few times. Each time, the manager explained that with new cars, when they put new tires on, it takes a while for the brake system to adjust to the new tires. In fact this is why they put the new tires on the back, according to the manager and a service guy. The problem got worse very quickly and now my brakes started grinding (so I hear that metal grinding sound when I brake). Finally, I called and told them I was bringing the car in. After they checked out the car, they said that my brakes were completely gone AND I would also need to replace the rotors. They also said that I turned down not one, but TWO FREE inspections. I was NEVER offered any inspection. What I turned down when they changed my tires was their offer of having them change all 4 tires for $600+. I have never, nor would I ever, turn down a free inspection. They quoted me around $500 to change the brakes and the rotors. When I asked why they didn't tell me about the brakes when I came in to change the tires, they said that I turned down the inspections. However, they tried to tell me that the brake problem wasn't caused by the tires. So what was it? Either they knew about the problem or they didn't? Not only did they put my life in danger, but also my daughter's.
5	After purchasing a bogus deal on Groupon, I was in a crunch for an oil change prior to a road trip.  The customer service I received from this specific Tire Works was unmatched.  When the other oil change location I went to with a Groupon treated me like an uneducated idiot, and then further refused to honor the Groupon, you can imagine the frustration I was going through.  I went to Tire Works on West Flamingo, and the gentleman behind the counter sympathized with me, and even gave me $10 off of my oil change.  They got me in and out of the shop in an expected amount of time, and made sure I was happy before I left.  Great job guys!
5	Maynard took great care of my car.   I've been here twice and both times the car felt great.  Excellent crew.    See you guys again.
5	Car didn't start.  Tire Works came and towed the car.  Warren ROCKS.He had the great crew get right on it.  I just needed a new battery,but they picked me up and did the job within one hour .  Yep, they rock!!!!!!!
3	Not sure.... I recently went to this location to have my brakes done. They took a look quoted me a fair price and did the work. The reason I say I'm not sure is that they were having lots of issues getting the correct brakes on in the delivery time that was delayed several times during the day. I give them credit for calling me well before the pickup time so I didn't have to wait at the shop. I have some concerns that my car was not test driven once the new brakes were put on and after them telling me all the problems they had. I hate to say it but I have some apprehension about the quality of the job. I could be totally wrong that cars don't need to be test driven once brakes are installed, but after hearing their woes about the install it makes me a little nervous. I must say that the staff is friendly and appears to be competent and from what I can tell the prices were reasonable. It was approaching closing time and they were rushing to get my job finished and I offered to even rent a car overnight so they could make sure they get it correctly and didn't have to rush. I do have one objection that is more of a corporate thing and it is the shop fees. The shop fees added an additional 10% to my job cost and I just feel that that is high and somewhat outrageous. When I questioned the fee I was told every shop charges that but I just feel that 10% is too high. I do feel that Brandon and his staff are trying to do a good job but on this particular visit I lacked full confidence that it was done correctly but it may have been, I just don't know. If this wasn't a safety issue I would just let this go and sleep well at night. I do not feel this is a bad repair shop, I just object to the corporate policy of 10% shop fee, and i feel they rushed through my brake job trying to meet a delivery time and left me feeling not confident everything is ok. It seems to drive and stop me ok.
2	My original reason for my visit was to get new tires.  The lady at the front desk was very worried about me driving on my tires and seemed to care a lot about me.  I did call down the street to discount tires just to check similar prices and they were more expensive so I stayed with Tire Works.  They got the tires changed at a very reasonable price and, since I have an issue with alignment on my car, she said they would rotate my tires anytime I needed for Free.  4 stars for my first visit.Fast forward about a year.  I stop in to get my tires rotated.  At the end, while my car is still up in the air, they receptionist guy comes to get me and tells me that my struts are cracking and my bushings are rusting, or vice a versa.  He says that they really need to be replaced, the estimate is $1200 and we can do them right now while it's up in the air.  I told him no, that I would look around for other prices.  His response was, "what do i have to earn by ripping you off?"  Weird question...but the answer is...money.  I took my car to my favorite guys in China town, for the work that Tire Works said I had to do, their quote was $760.  Obviously I set up an appointment with them.  When I took my car in, they said yes, there is wear on your struts and bushings, but they don't need to be replaced yet.  Then they charged me for an oil change and rotating my tires, total, $40.Definitely trying to rip you off, do not believe what they are trying to sell you, get a second opinion.
