4	I went here after hearing my workmates rave about it, and I wasn't disappointed.I had no idea what to order off their extensive menu, butt got great recommendations when I asked for tips from the server.I went with one of the more popular options: the pulled-pork and passionfruit sandwich. The pork is slow cooked (and there's plenty of it), the bread is home made (and grilled), and the sandwich is great. I got a chicken empanada (fried) with it, and it was big, full of meat, and super-tasty. I just can't say anything negative about the food at all.The food wasn't cheap, but it was totally worth it.I've done a lot of travelling in South America (but haven't been to Venezuela), and there was a lot stuff I didn't recognise, so this place seems legit. The staff were all speaking Spanish amongst themselves, which is always a good sign in a place like this
5	Scrumptious.Try the passion fruit pork sandwich. O.M.GNo more words needed. The Australian below said it all.
5	As the others have mentioned, this place is delicious!My sandwich of choice is the grilled chicken.  Doesn't sound exciting, but the chicken is smothered in a most delicious sauce.  So so good!  You can make a trio consisting of a sandwich, fries and a drink.  The fries, while they look like standard thin fries, are nice and crispy, and dusted with a tasty seasoning.  The people who work here are really pleasant as well.  Always friendly and smiling, you can tell they enjoy what they do.  That counts for a lot!
5	Had the pulled pork burger!!!It was amazing!!! not too sweet, and the flavors all well balanced, it all went by so fast I felt cheated cuz I wanted to eat more but I was full. It's a bit pricey for a trio, but since it was good, it's forgiveable. The genius of this burger is the passion fruit, it just brings out something special without being too sweet, it's one fine burger :)
3	Great arepas for a snack. We tried the avocado and chicken grilled ones. The sauce is absolutely delicious (I want the recipe!) and everything is well seasoned. The staff is friendly and ready to explain anything off the menu.
