4	We stumbled upon this little place in a worn strip mall by accident, but it ended up being a very happy accident. Yes, it is true that the decor will not be gracing the pages of fashion magazines anytime soon, but this is a clean, no-frills kind of place. There is also no point in coming here if you are pressed for time, because it is not fast food by any stretch of the imagination. Most importantly, the food is good. Really good. The menus must have changed since other reviewers visited, because there was no Arabic on the menu. Everything is in English. I had the falafel plate and my companion had the lamb shank and rice. Both meals came with a wonderful lentil soup that I have had at Fattoush many times- but this one was so much better. The falafel plate came with falafel of course, a questionable salad, pita that looked homemade, and some of the tastiest hummus i've ever had. It was a huge amount of food, but it was so good that I was compelled to order an extra side of hummus to go with the leftovers. The lamb was apparently very tasty also- i'm not much of a lamb fan, so I didn't try it. The accompanying rice was very tasty though- very complex with many different flavors, but none of them were overwhelming. At 7.99 for the falafel and 9.99 for the lamb plate, the prices are more than reasonable, especially when you consider that each entree can easily end up being two meals. I admit that I am partial to Middle-Eastern food and rarely meet a falafel that I dislike, but this was definitely one of the better examples of the cuisine in the metro Phoenix area. I will definitely be back, and maybe next time i'll try the chicken.
4	R.I.P. Baghdad restaurant.It is now a Kabob restaurant that is good, but not as good as Baghdad was.
4	After returning from my tour in Iraq i sometimes have a nitch for good Iraqi food. i descovered this place by chance after dropping off a friend before heading home. I pulled into the parking lot not expecting much from a place called baghdad restaurant in Arizona, but what the heck right? So i walk in and take a quick look around, I can easily tell it was at one point a mexican food restaurant. I ordered the kabobs and rice and grabbed a coke. the owner was very nice, and he chatted for nearly and hour about Iraqi politics and how he likes what America is doing there... now at this point i had been home from iraq for only two weeks so i was still a little jumpy and expected to hear gun shots headed my way any moment, but I enjoyed a great meal (under $10) and a great conversation. The food was not much diffrent that that i experianced in iraq.... also when i last visited the menus where in english
3	My boyfriend suggested going here and I'm glad we did.  The food was really good!  I keep asking to go again but alas we have not.  It's kind of a long drive from where he lives so...
