5	The best vet in Charlotte!  My parents have been taking our cats here for over 20 years and have never had any problems.  My boyfriend's family has been taking their dogs here for years as well, and they live across town.  That said, this is the best vet around, and people come from all over the city to take their animals here.  The nurses know all the animals, the prices are reasonalbe, and the environment is very loving.  As a new pet owner myself, this is the only place I take my kitten.
4	Only been in once, but when we arrived the staff was courteous and the wait was only 5 minutes (no appointments on Saturdays). The vet spent a lot of time with us and did not act like she was in a rush to see another patient - she was focused and thorough. I'm not giving 5 stars becaues I've only been once and take vet reviews really seriously. Will have to see how the next few visits go, but they seemed great.
5	I have been extremely pleased with the care and knowledge offered here (and we tried others when we arrived three years ago). With two cats (formerly three) and a dog, we tend to be pretty good veterinary customers.Every time we visit, we get plenty of attention from the doctors and staff. While they clearly are focusing their interest on the patient, they take the time to answer questions and explain things in simple and easy-to-understand terms. The "take home" materials are also written in uncomplicated language.The outer office is clean and well mopped. The files seem to be pretty organized and they are plugged in to technology, as we just got an email with our shot updates. The examination rooms are also very clean with plenty of room for "mom and dad" to accompany the patient without it getting too crowded.Prices are reasonable and since we're "regulars" they do give us the occasional discount on office visits and such. If we ever move to another part of Charlotte, we'll still come back to Long Animal Hospital!
5	My cat Pikachu ran away for six weeks and luckily my brother found him eventually. He was very dehydrated, under weight, and of course very stressed.  They worked with us to get him feeling better immediately and to figure out what other conditions he may have.  I don't make a lot of money and am very grateful to them for working with me financially while not making any shortcuts in bettering my kitty.  The doctor made time to talk to me and go over my options and the receptionists worked to make it as affordable for me as they could. I'll be forever loyal to them for being there for those who don't have a lot just as much as for those who can afford it.  I especially appreciate this being as I am a pet sitter and work at a doggie daycare as well as do rescue work on the side.  A lot of my money goes to pets.
5	The best Vet in Charlotte.  Friendly staff and more than one vet to see your animal.  Great in town location too.  Also provides boarding which is cheap!
3	I went to this animal hospital based on the reviews here but honestly, I wasn't very impressed.  They asked me to have my dogs medical records faxed over before my visit.  I called my old vet and asked them to fax them to Long Animal Hospital.  Before the visit, I called my old vet to confirm that the records were sent.  The receptionist pulled my file and said that according to the confirmation page they were successfully faxed at 7:14 AM.  When I get to the hospital for my appointment, the records were no where to be found.  I had to call my old doctor back up and have them re-faxed.  Afterward, I was moved to a waiting room where I waited for nearly a half hour.  I actually had to go to the front desk and tell them I was very frustrated about my start with this office.  A doctor finally came in and said that they were waiting for the fax to come through.  I felt the examinations could have at least been started - they didn't need shots right off the bat.  I did find the vet to be friendly, so I will not give this office a completely poor rating.  However, what got me even more upset was that they don't just charge a normal "office visit" fee.  The Parvo-distemper  vaccine is included in the visit (which is $50)  but parvo shots are only needed every 3 years.  I asked if I could just be charged for the visit at a lower rate since my dogs didn't need this vaccine.  They said no.  At my old vet the office visit was $40 which is what I'm used to - so $10 more x 2 dogs was an extra $20 for nothing.  I won't be returning here but maybe others have had a better start!
5	I'm a first time dog owner and have had a great experience with Long Animal Hospital.  I've seen three different doctors within the clinic and they have all been wonderful - always taking the time to answer my questions and listen to my concerns. The hours are convenient as well.  Each time I've gone I've been able to drop in and have Henry (my dog) taken care of or can get a same day appointment.
4	I've always had a great experience here at Long. Conveniently located near Uptown in Dilworth on South Blvd, they're open till 7pm weekdays which is uber convenient for a dog mom that works late some days. There's always a ton of lovely vet tech ladies at the desk when you walk in and lots of seating on benches around the waiting area. I've never had to wait more than a few minutes for a pedicure (walk in) or a check up (which we've made appointments for).Pedicures here are $10 which is reasonable for me considering my 80lb dog thinks you're cutting his toes off and reacts accordingly each and every time he gets his nails clipped. A check up is $40, heart worm test is $32 and they offer a wide variety of meds at good prices (only a few dollars more than 1800PETMEDS' prices). We've always had a good experience here with a young female vet & all the vet techs and will continue to go back. I would NOT recommend boarding here, though - the facility is older and the kennel area isn't spacious enough for a dog over 50 lbs, in my opinion.
5	I decided to give Long Animal Hospital a second chance.  I really trust my yelp family, and everyone gave it an awesome review.  I've gotta say...they redeemed themselves.  The receptionists were so warm and welcoming.  I saw Dr. Singleton and she was very down to earth, easy to talk to, and I could tell she really loved animals.  She was so sweet to both of my boys!  I wasn't forced or even asked to buy unnecessary products (as most vets will do to pump up profit).  I also brought a stray cat with me that I found outside of my apartment complex.  They searched for a microchip, sexed him, told me that he had been neutered and gave me a rough estimate of his age - all for free.  They also took down my name and number in case anyone called looking for a cat that matched his description.  I've definitely found my new vet and my fellow yelpers were right, as expected!
1	We went to Long Animal Hospital for a couple of years and had to stop going over a series of really bad encounters and mishaps. They are a well-established clinic in a good location; however, it is a bit run-down and you'll definitely see rusting, paint chipping and questionable cleanliness if you go often enough. We haven't been there in a few years, however, Dr. Killough, Sr stands out as a vet we would never go to again after the very rough handling we experienced with our older, very sweet and gentle, greyhound. He treated her like she was a truck on an assembly line and after that visit alone, she started getting panic attacks everytime we would go thereafter (it was her first time seeing Dr. Killough, Sr after going to the practice for over 3 years). Second, they "forgot" to give her a Bordatella vaccination (for over 3 years) even though we saw them regularly, we had her original paperwork/vaccination schedule sent when we first got her and they did her vaccinations each year. We were going on a weekend trip and keeping her at a boarding facility, had their vaccinations sent over and the facility promptly called us to tell us she didn't have her Bordatella - kind of important.Third, they prescribed incorrect dosages to our 2nd greyhound who had heart issues. In fact, they diagnosed him with all his heart issues and kept putting him on different meds - each time we would go in, their diagnosis would change (his heart murmur went from a grade 2 to a grade 6, then to a 5) - he had high blood pressure, then he didn't, then he did again. He had an enlarged heart, then it was normal (ex-racers are naturally larger) and then it was again. Get the picture? We took him to NCSU vet school and they said it was around a grade 4 and that his medication strengths were all off. They sent all the results and paperwork back to Long's. I am guessing they didn't read it, because our next visit to Long's, they re-upped his medications (he was on 3 different medications). He started having kidney issues (and what dog wouldn't on all those meds?) and the prescription bottle dosage changed *again* -- I called them and they had no idea what dosage he was on, or what he should be on or why this bottle was different than the last. I asked them to review what NCSU sent over, which they did, and I had to go back, again, to get his "true" medications and dosages. What a mess. We later took him to a canine cardiologist in Charlotte (she had just started practicing here) and she was appalled at all the changes in his diagnoses, medications and dosages. His health definitely suffered as a result of inadequate care and he died, of heart failure, when he was barely 8 years old. Long's just wasn't capable of treating his condition.By the time we were forced to leave, both our dogs were having panic attacks when going there (something they didn't have at first, and didn't have at the next vet clinic we went to). We didn't have a regular vet, we saw all of them there and perhaps that is why they never seemed to know what the heck had gone on with our dogs before that visit (we ended up having to tell them our dogs' histories, which sucks, since THEY had their records). Maybe they were too busy to read charts, maybe we got them on bad days, I don't know - but I believe a vet should at least skim an animal's record before walking in and seeing them again. Why should I have to tell you what meds my dog is on? Why should I have to tell them what they diagnosed last time? Finally, we never used them for boarding, but the boarding conditions are insanely bad. They are outdoor cages attached to the main clinic building. Dogs were completely exposed to the elements AND to anyone walking to the backside of the clinic. Perhaps they've upgraded in the last couple years, but even if they have, I find it pretty bothersome that dogs would sit in a cage in winter, the dead of summer, through rainstorms and potentially have some random person do something to them because they are in outdoor cages. I could never understand how anyone could leave their dog in those conditions.We didn't try them one time, have one bad experience, and leave - we went there for over three years and it was one headache after another. I will say that the front office staff were all incredibly nice. They knew our dogs by name within a visit or two and were very welcoming when we came. We also had some good experiences with the vets there, which is why we went there for so long -- but the bad experiences, in the end, outweighed the good and we left. We aren't looking for anything fancy-schmancy (as another reviewer mentioned) - but we expect them to know what's going on with our dogs, diagnose them correctly, give them correct meds with correct doses, have a clean practice and humane boarding conditions -- oh, and maybe be gentle with the animals when necessary. Is that too much to ask?
5	When I fostered some puppies and they were sick the shelter told me to bring them to Long. The doctors were there at 9pm and they allowed me to go right in and comfort the pups who were very scared and sick. The doctors truly loved animals and were very professional but yet easy-going and kept a level head through the situation.So when it came time to adopt my own pet I remembered the people at Long. They were able to quote me a range for my first visit and I was happy to say the result was at the medium -not high end. The vet took a good 20-30 minutes to talk me through puppy-ownership and answer all of my questions. He was thorough, kind, and gentle to my little girl. All of the tech's and front desk associates were very friendly as well. The hospital itself is no frills (meaning you wont see a fish tank in the "seating area") , the exam room was a bit sterile looking but it was clean and the equipment looked in good shape so I felt confident that I was paying for procedures and not decor, which is fine by me. I will say if you plan on purchasing pet meds including heartworm/flea treatments be sure to check online and buy in bulk as it is MUCH cheaper than going through the vet.
2	Do NOT make the mistake of boarding here.Whenever I've had to board any of my babies, it's always been at their vet. So when I made the decision to board my dog for 2 overnights at Long (which is also his current vet office), I thought I was making a good decision.  Wrong.  Boarding only 2 months after his last Bordatella vaccination...and I get to take a SICK DOG home.  He didn't even want to jump up into my vehicle to leave.  I didn't think about it, since he's always been just flat toast and worn out after boarding before (lots of excitement from being around so many other dogs).  But when he starts coughing late the next night and has green mucus discharging out his nose, I begin to worry.  I took him back the following day -- the vet (not the one we've seen before) says "let's boost his Bordatella and go with some antibiotics".  Now, I've already made it known that I feel they are liable for my dog's health at this point.  Then of course when I get ready to leave, I get slapped with a $50 bill for the shot/meds.  The last time I checked, I did not sign any liability waivers.  Oh, but they didn't charge me for the office visit.  Well wow, you better believe you won't.  I couldn't afford to hang around to talk to another vet about the bill, so I paid under protest and left.  I was promised a call from one of the vets (dunno who)...we'll see if I get it or not.On this boarding trip, I also paid for a bath & for his nails to be done (by dremel).  I always specify to them to make sure they clean his face wrinkles and tail/tail pocket during his bath.  Neither of these were done...so there's another bill under dispute with them.Side note:  previous trip for bathing -- he got a bath and then was put in an outside kennel!! Seriously?  That defeats the purpose of the bath.  My dog is a 100% indoor family member, and leaving him in an outside kennel only makes him smell like outside and cancels out the bath completely.While the staff is friendly, the practices and protocols are questionable. At this point I would not recommend Long to anyone, and am considering changing vets.
4	I have a "special needs" cat. Aka that means he needs bladder expression once a day and extra cleaning needs, In addition he is high energy so he needs to be entertained quite a bit shall we say. My cat is not a patient at the hospital but after the care they gave him I am giving it serious consideration. I dropped him off on a Friday and the doctor met with me to discuss his needs and what he eats and what my concerns were while I was out of town. I picked him up Monday night and he was as happy as a clam. Well as happy as a cat can be in a place full of strange dogs and cats. They made sure his special needs were taken care of and he was in better shape than when I dropped him off. I will say this is a very difficult task since he is special needs. I loved how(Dr. Whitten Jr.) talked to me about Mojo and how him and his dad took care of Mojo over the weekend. I would take Mojo back for boarding and for regular care in the future based on my experience. This place is busy but they do not make you feel like a number like most large places do. Love long animal hospital!!!!
5	I have been taking my fur baby to Dr. Killough Sr. there since I discovered at the emergency vet in Concord she had bladder stones three years ago. She almost died and my friend referred me to Long's Animal Hospital. He had a bulldog and my dog is a shih-tzu. He told me they were good with breeds like these that sometimes don't do well under anesthesia. I picked her up in Concord with the catheter in her bladder and took down to Dr. Killough Sr. He removed the stones and tested them to find out what type they are. He performed the surgery on Saturday. They are closed on Sunday but Dr. Killough Sr. met me at the hospital and let me come pick her up. He genuinely loves animals and I trust him with Bella. He is always gentle with her and compliments me on how great of a dog she is. Dr. Killough is a great doctor.
5	I love this place!  They always give the best service and have great hours.
5	My family has taken our pets here for about 30 years, and we have always received kind, caring, and professional service.I brought my cat straight to Long's from the pound in 1988, where she was seen by Dr. Killough Sr, all the way to 2008, when Dr. Brian Killough and Dr. Rich Wittman were amazingly kind and sensitive in helping me deal with the decisions that needed to be made about having her put to sleep.  They have also sent cards after the death of every pet, even if the pet died at home.I also adopted two kittens from Long's in 2008, and they were extremely well cared for there, and are still recognized when they come back for checkups.If you are a client there, and have an issue with your pet after hours, they will either meet you at the hospital, or can advise you of where to go if they feel they are unable to handle the emergency.  On one occasion, with a sick new kitten, Dr. Brian told me just to bring him down if it would help my peace of mind.  I did, and it did!  Same kitten, different night, Dr. Killough Sr. gave him meds that made him a new little guy.  I've never paid on those visits, they just trust that I'll call and settle up the next day.I must say, I was shocked and sorry to hear of people's negative experiences with Dr. Killough, Sr.  I have only known him to be kind and compassionate.Ever since I can remember, "Dr. Debbie" has been at the front desk-she is great!I would agree with other reviewers that the facility is old, but they are soon going to be building a whole new hospital just down the street, with expanded services and updated boarding facilities.
5	I would be remiss if I didn't take a moment from my busy day to inform all interested that Long Animal Hospital is the best place to take your pet for veterinary care in Charlotte, NC. I have always had pets and visited many animal hospitals in the Charlotte area over the last fifteen plus years. My three German Shorthaired Pointers have found their forever home at Long. They have always received great care.  However, most recently, we've been battling a serious metacarpal injury with our three year old Shorthair. Dr. Killough Sr. And Dr. Brian Killough Jr. Take the absolute best care possible of Pippy.  We are far from out of the woods, but they both have made the last three months more comfortable for both my dog and for me.  It is a toss up who has the highest anxiety level over this injury.... :) it has been a really difficult healing process.  All of the staff at Long treat Pippy like a celebrity when he arrives for his follow up care.  It is obvious that Dr. Killough Sr. has a huge heart and truly cares for Pippy as if he were his own dog.  I could never dream of better care or compassion. And, so far, they haven't broken my piggy bank....
1	New to Charlotte with a cat needing her annual exam/vaccines, I did some researching online for veterinarians, and even though I couldn't find a website for Long Animal Hospital, it seemed like it was highly reviewed and had very convenient hours. I didn't really have any issues at first but...After one annual exam, I was told that my cat needed to have her teeth cleaned and at least one tooth (maybe two) removed. The morning of the surgery I was told to bring her in first thing at 7AM and they would start operating on her shortly after. I asked them to please trim her nails while she was going to be under anesthesia. What went wrong? 1) I didn't receive a call until after noon updating me that the surgery was beginning. It appears as though I brought her in early for no reason at all to wait for 5 hours scared. 2) She was so scared that when they tried to put her down with normal anesthesia it didn't work so they had to go to their more extreme option for anesthesia, which meant more money I had to pay. The final bill was over 30% more than what they had estimated for me. 3) They removed 3 teeth instead of what they originally thought, which meant I had to pay more per extraction. 4) They had a breakdown in communication and her nails were never trimmed. 5) Upon checking out they recommended that I buy dental treats to keep her up with her oral maintenance. I asked what key ingredient to look for in dental products and the lady at the counter pointed out "tocopherols" aka a preservative I found out when I got home. After not one but many fails, I refuse to go back to Long Animal Hospital. I would seriously consider going to another veterinarian if I were you.
5	I have known Dr. Richard Killough since the '70's and he is absolutely the BEST! He and his son, Dr. Brian, truly love animals and it shows in the care and time they take when I take my 4 dog children in for a visit.  They take the time needed to answer my questions with any concerns I might have.  I always get a return call when I leave a message on their VM.  One night near closing time, my Great Dane's stomach twisted and I recognized her symptoms and I called and talked to Dr. Brian and he waited on me so he could do emergency surgery even after a long day at the clinic.  Donna's life was saved and I will be eternally grateful for Dr. Richard Killough and Dr. Brian Killough who performed the late night surgery.  Our other 3 dogs have had many, many surgeries and Dr. Richard Killough always calls several times to follow up to make sure they are doing OK.  I can't tell you how much I appreciate those calls.  Even when I have had to say good bye to one of my babies, there is so much care and concern and I mean true concern.  Both the Killough's are a true asset to their profession and to Long Animal Hospital.  If you are looking for an amazing Vet, please ask for one of the Killough's because they are both amazing!
4	My little 6 pound furrball is my first pet ever. Well, unless you count the 20 or so goldfish that I went through growing up. Why are those things so hard to keep alive?Long Animal Hospital has been amazing through all my trials and tribulations of first time dog ownership over the last 6 years. I think Marley has seen every vet there and they have all just been so wonderful.I know that I can call anytime to ask questions and I will always get a friendly, helpful voice on the other line. Such a great staff. Sometimes when I call... I don't even exactly know how to describe the problem. They always have an answer and talk me through whatever it is.The super convenient hours here pretty much accommodate anyone's schedule. Long opens at 6:45AM and does not close until 8. They are even open on Saturdays from 7am-3pm.The wait is never long. I'm always in and out pretty quickly. I also buy all of Marley's heartworm and flea stuff here. The prices are comparable to the online pet meds sites.Bonus: you can manage your pet's records and make appointments on their website.
5	When Dexter and I lived in Atlanta we always went to the nearest VCA hospital because they were just great.Unfortunately, While working on Dexter's hair, I had a small problem and we had to do walk in service. Thankfully, They were open. They quickly got us signed in and we had the paper work filled out. As emergencies go it really was not that bad but we did need help. Everyone at the hospital was understanding and easily helped me through the process.Dexter was patched up and medication was prescribed not only for his owie, but I was given a health dose of antibiotics to manage Dexter allergies that had kicked up since we got into Charlotte.Our subsequent visits were just as pleasant, and I am happy to say these are Dexter docs.I do recommend to get a appointment if you can since they are busy all the time.And I believe that the reason is because they are that good.
5	Hands down five stars!! From the smiles and friendly greetings to the vet and assistants to the grooming staff downstairs - hats off. Great pricing too, I will be back for any of my pets' needs.
5	Now I've only been here one time for an emergency. This is not my regular vet but I think it will become my regular spot for my pug. I now live too far from Steele Creek Animal Hospital and at the time this AM, they weren't open anyway. I LOVE Steele Creek though and if you live near there, I recommend highly. This morning I had to take my guy in because he was stung by yellow jackets. I looked up vets nearby using Yelp and Long popped up and I've seen it while driving by on S Blvd before so knew right where to go. They even have their own lot which you can access by Ideal Way or S Blvd. I got there right as it opened at 7 and waited only about 5 mins. I saw the vet tech who was great and then Dr Zack saw my pug and really listened and took note of what happened. He checked vitals and all that good stuff and gave some recommendations and we were on our way. I was charged a very, very good price and am so glad I selected Long today. Now....my dog is sleeping in his bed safe and sound.
5	Five star in our book.   Traveling from WI to Charlotte to set our daughter up at UNCC was stressful enough without having a sick pet.  Our 10 month old Yorkie Maltese, Charlotte, contracted lymes disease probably before we came here.   Dr James and Her assistant were caring yet professional.   The receptionist who took my frantic call that morning was extremely understanding and helpful and got us in right away.  They worked around my daughters "move in" schedule and had my Charlotte fixed up in no time.   Because they aren't as familiar with Lymes in this part of the country she was also willing and eager to work with our home vet.   They have a nice clean new building, separate dog and cat entrances and "poop bags" just outside the door.   They also have places at the reception desk to tie your pet while you are handling paperwork which was super nice.  Probably ran more tests than needed but erred on the side of caution since Lymes isn't prevalent here.  Highly recommended.
2	I wanted to like this place. I really did. Everyone who works there is really pleasant (vets, vet techs, receptionist people, everyone), but I couldn't help but feel as if I was being rushed the entire time. With a new dog, that's not a good thing. Not once did anyone talk to me about food, care, etc. and as a first-time dog owner that was something that I definitely was looking for. It was all about the general quick check-up and shots and then I was sent on my merry way with little in addition. Won't be going back.
5	Five years later and we are still bringing our dogs and cats to Long Animal Hospital. It's time to update one of my very first Yelp reviews.These folks are even better now that they're in the new facility (a half block south) where there are separate entrances for dogs and cats. I especially appreciate that it's much easier to keep the felines separate from the canines - they're under enough stress already so they don't need more stress from strange dogs sniffing and barking.The doctors and the staff here are awesome. Very caring, very attentive and they really do great work.If you have a furry four-legged family member, you could not do better than to bring them here to Long Animal Hospital. Big props to these folks!
5	We love coming here. I hate having to go to the vet BC it gets so expensive but long is very reasonably priced. We've had 5 different doctors now and our 2 that I would recomend who are really smart and nice and my dog seems to love is Dr. Lauren and Dr. Brown. Its not everywhere you go that doctors and friendly and very well educated but here I think they are. They do a great job at explaining what's going on and why.
5	Upon moving to Charlotte 3 years ago, we brought our 12 year old Shepard/Chow Stella for medical care and boarding. Although we saw a several different vets over our time, we were always pleased with the care our girl received. Unfortunately, we had to let her go this year. When the time came, Dr. Yasin and the staff were very kind and supportive and made our difficult time as easy as it could be. If you are looking for caring folks that can provide support in all phases of your pet's life, give Long a try.
