3	Went for an early Saturday morning breakfast.  Even at 6:30 it was fairly busy with about a dozen cars in the lot and several booths filled inside.  Interestingly, the following week when I stopped by to take a picture about the same time there was not one car in the lot. I felt the booth seats were too close to the table as opposed to too far away like Black Bear.  I guess that is why I usually ask for a table as I seem to be more comfortable. I was greeted and seated right away.  In general the service was good right up until I was ready to pay and leave and had trouble flagging my waiter down and then got thrown off a bit by the waiter also being a mobile cashier so I had to sit back down and wait for him to get within range again.I ordered a Jim's special, a egg scramble with ground beef, onions, mushrooms and I think peppers.  This sounded on paper like a dish that had potential for some flavor.  Not one thing in the dish stood out.  If I were cooking that dish it would have been cooked in butter which would have helped but none of the ingredients were that tasty on their own.  It was certainly ok though.
3	This place is a solid 3 stars. Not that it's bad, just not going to set the world on fire with quality. It's consistent though. Huge burgers. Quality sides like the onion rings, loaded waffle fries and cheese and chili fries. Tasty ranch to put on anything, but it doesn't really need it. EXCELLENT SHAKES AND MALTS! The real thing. Bring your kids here so they grow up knowing the difference between a real shake or malt and what Mcdonalds and Jack in the box serve. Open pretty late too and they have outside or inside seating. My hubby and I love going in the evening and swinging to the music they play. Oldies but goodies all the way around.
4	We dine here often, and are NEVER disappointed in the food. Their breakfasts are hands down the best of any neighboring typical breakfast place.  Their burgers are fresh, juicy & made to order, fries, onion rings, always generous portions. The servers are all very good, fast, attentive and friendly.  Over the years we've eaten probably most items on the menu, we've never walked out hungry or dissatisfied.  Would HIGHLY recommend this place.
3	On our way to Grandma's house  and find this on the way.Very classic diner look and feel. Waitress  was really nice also.I ordered a green chile burger with onion rings and a root beer shake.When the burger came out and the smell of the green chile, almost heaven. The burger overall was good but didnt blow me away. The onion rings where good also but samething, nothing great. The thing i liked the most about the onion rings was the coating. My complaint about them was that you couldnt bite thru the onion without pulling the whole thing out, which ruins it for me.The shake was great.I would go back here. There was a lot of different burgers i would try.
3	Oh how I miss my 5& Diner on Ray & I-10.. that was my home away from home for breakfast.  We decided to try this location and while it looks just like the one on Ray, it's nothing like it.  Sure the insides are the same; they even have some of the same looking staff. The food is even good, but it didnt have that same feel I was used to.Forgot the waitress' name, but when I looked at the menu, I noticed my favorite thing was missing.. the breakfast skillets. :(    They said that all locations were privately owned (Iknew that) and they didnt have those.  I ordered the french toast combo and it was ok...  Nothing like the location on Ray.  They used different styles of french toast and made it an art form.  Will I go back here? Sure.. but it wont be my first choice...
4	Great little diner with a retro 50's flare. Good food!
2	Yeah. Uhhh, well, where do I start?  How about this, the bottom line, maybe this place just was not for me.  I had a craving for meatloaf and honestly I am not sure what I was served, but it was not good.  Their meatloaf is basically two slices of institutional meat with a cup of gravy poured over it.   The sides were not much better but I cannot even remember what they were at this point.My kid ordered the Bratwurst dog, and it was not even served with kraut so left him kind of annoyed as well.Not sure I will be trying here again, but I guess I was not even sure about trying them in the first place.
1	If I could give a half star, I would and that would be ONLY because our waitress, Phoenicia, was really sweet and tried to make things better. It started out pretty good, we walked in at 8 pm and so it was Happy hour and you get $2 of per shake, so my husband ordered a Strawberry Shake. That came out fairly quickly and it was very good. Then we ordered, my husband ordered a cup of chili, the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and gravy, I ordered the pineapple teriyaki burger, I asked that it be made the same way as the menu stated, no extra items such as lettuce, tomato or onion.  I went with the seasoned fries.The chili came out and though good, my husband said it was quite spicy, which he wasn't expecting from a diner style restaurant.  And then we waited, it seemed to take a really long time for our meals to come out.When they did it all went downhill from there. The meatloaf was funny tasting and drenched in a really odd tasting gravy, and the potatoes tasted like maybe they were really old...several days old maybe?  We sent the meal back as inedible.  My burger had to be cleaned off of lettuce and onion and in the process the mayo kind of disappeared. It was ok, but every few bites I kept thinking did they use rancid butter to toast the bun?  It was not real tasty but we were starving, so we shared that. The french fries were cold and had NO SEASONING. I've been to many 5 & Diners in the valley, I will NOT be returning to this one.  We also nearly froze to death and the music that was playing was very boring and unrecognizable, we were born in the 50's I would have thought there would have been something we knew.I wouldn't waste my money on this one, ever again.
3	I've been here a couple of times and I was kind of disappointed over the burgers. Some of them are good and others are not. One thing you can't go wrong on though is their milk shakes! The milk shakes are why we keep going back.
4	Ordered the chicken fried steak with a cup of clam chowder.  The food was quite good though the steamed vegetables were a little bland.   Service was good and the waitress was polite.   The big problem was the long wait (Friday night in a busy area so expected).
2	Food was alright, nothing special, a bit bland. The water tasted so bad though, bad enough that you could still taste it through iced tea or tap water, do they not have a filter!?
3	Cute reminiscent "diner "with an unfortunate corporate feel. The food is good enough for what it is. Cutesy  3/4 attempt at a 50's diner. Not much else to say
5	One of our favorite places to eat!!  Great and inexpensive food and a bunch of friendly waitress who make you feel at home.  Even Jesus, the hardworking  busman, host, all around worker finds time to turn on the charm.  We love going there.
2	The atmosphere is great, like a real 50's diner. The jukeboxes on the tables are just for show, don't work, would have been nice if they did. The raspberrry ice tea and strawberry lemonade were great, real flavor. We ordered chicken noodle soup which was good, but skimpy on the chicken. $3 for a super small cup. The pot roast was good, again, skimped on the meat. The corn beef sandwich had great flavor, but again was very skimpy on the meat. Service was great, but the portions could have been better.
1	This place needs a good scrubbing!  EVERY INCH OF IT.just had lunch and to tell you the truth, I wanted to leave before our food arrived.  after ordering I used the women's bathroom to wash my hands and ick!  looks like they wipe the surface of things only to move the dirt and yucky stuff to the edges.  everywhere I looked there was crude.  the faucets, the edge of the sink, the counter edges, the floors (oh, the floors!! gross).  I walked back to our booth and told my husband if he wasn't so hungry we'd leave.  then I check out the booth, the table and even the window ledge and blinds.   again, not what you want in a restaurant.  of course I looked at the silverware and just couldn't believe it.  and I don't blame the person who cleans, I blame the manager.  its their job to check all of this. my feeling is if the bathroom/tables/dinnerware/windows are this bad, what does the kitchen look like??? won't be back to this place.  there are so many other places right in the area.
3	I recently tried 5 & Diner for the first time ever and it was OK. The food wasn't great, but it was on par with Denny's and other diners like this. The restaurant looks very cool, which was probably my favorite thing about it. I just didn't think the food was too special, although I might give it another shot sometime.
1	Not impressed. I had not been here in a while but remembered as much better than it was tonight.  As I sit here my stomach hurts. We ordered a turkey burger, it was dry and had an odd taste combined with the taste of char (which was dominating). My husband got a mushroom burger, the mushrooms were so weird (chopped into nothing, clearly from a can and a sick yellow color). My daughters kids burger was all char no flavor.  Very disappointing.  We left most of our food, when the waitress came over she could see by the looks on our face that it was not going over well, she never offered anything.  Usually when most of the food except one or 2 bites are still on the plate that might trigger some alarm bells.
4	Good food & great atmosphere, prices not bad for what you get. Met friends there and all of our meals were great and they serve breakfast all day - what more can you ask for?  The waitress we had was great and she was right on top of all of our needs.  We'll be back.
1	If I could choose no stars for this place I would. The only thing that was decent was the waitress. She was super sweet. First, I have never had fish and chips that was not edible. Until now that is. The grease was literally pooled on my plate. Even after soaking it up with a napkin it was swimming. I cut into it and the fish wasn't even cooked. GrossMy friend ordered the pot roast. One bite and she was done. I think her words were something akin to "dog food." If this wasn't bad enough, we actually got charged for this crap. Don't waste your time with this place. I certainly won't.
5	Food was good shakes were awesome. Service was really great really out standing. Was very clean inside and out.
5	I am also surprised by the low reviews, how can McDs next door score higher. I came here with my 2 1/2year old. Very nice employees. Food is typical diner food. Very generous portions. Who finishes, thank goodness for to go box. I am a bit shocked how big the kids meal is. 2 very big Mickey shaped pancakes w/2 large slices of bacon. My little eater has plenty left over, I could've just shared. The place is very busy for a Saturday night. I will definately be back. I would also recommend it for a cheap, quick bite. :) I hope they keep getting good ratings.
5	As far as diners go, this one was excellent and the reason for 5 stars is because of how good it was. The interior and exterior are reminiscent of the old time diner, but with a lot of these places the food falls far short of expectations. That was not the case at 5&diner.It's clean and the service was great, with 50's music playing.I had the meatloaf which was better then Mom's and hubby had the Mrs. Cleaver pot roast. Both great dishes at an affordable price made even better with milkshakes that were awesome. A great find here in the Phoenix area well worth a stop for breakfast, lunch or dinner.
4	I like 5 & Diner. I love the oldies music and their burgers are some of the best I've had. Always juicy and delicious. I ordered the Big Texan which has bbq sauce and an onion ring on Texas toast. It was yummy and very filling with all the fries. Mmm mm! Good lunch with my best friend. Their breakfast is good too. And don't forget about the milkshakes!
5	I was very surprises at how much I enjoyed this place. My daughter and her friend wanted to go after shopping so I tried it for the first time. The service was excellent and the food was all good. I  ordered a grilled chicken salad with raspberry dressing. The girls had a little of everything. I would love to try their breakfast.
5	My first time here and with the franchise. Came in last night after eight in the evening, the manager greeted us and told us that shakes and appetizers were two dollars off. We ordered the Kettle Chips with no peppers, I was surprised. I had no idea what they were my bf did and it was really good. Then he got the New Yorker while I got the Philly Cheese Steak. Both were really good. Then we got one chocolate shake and split it between us. Considering a long day after Christmas decorations and shopping, this was needed and we were so hungry. I wouldn't order the appetizer for myself because even though I shared it, all that food made me want to die after we left but my taste buds were happy. LolStaff was super super nice, polite and attentive with our needs. I don't know why there is only three stars for this place but I think it's  improved from whatever  problems it's had in the past.
