2	Dad back home from hospital after several months after a heart attack, heart surgery, pt.So for Thanksgiving, we decide to order food out so that my mom will not have to cook anything since she has been very busy since my dad came home just several days before.  The goal was to find something a group of people can enjoy.  Since we are Pilipinos, we don't adhere to the Turkey thanksgiving adage so anything good is fine.  My sister and her family are visiting from Pittsburgh so we discuss what should we eat.Joji - well what should we order, check out chinese, costco, trader joes, smiths anywhereMelanio - well we have to know what is openKuya, well how about Don Antonios, they have pasta (this is bec I mentioned Brian my partner will not be eating meat like everyone else who will eat anythingMelanio - I will look up.  Great menu, not open on Thnksgiving Day, their suggestion is to buy it Wed and heat it up Thurs.  NopeMelanio - well there is Salt Lick BBQ here in Red Rock.Joji - Mama doesn't like the BBQ at Green Valley Resort (Red Rock sister resort), How about Aloha A Go Go, they have been there before.Melanio - Ok.  I will order something from Salt Lick and you order the rest from Aloha A Go GoOkay I would say some more but you get the gist, I will get several more calls about the menu at Aloha A Go Go, price, half tray, full tray, beef, pork, chicken,shrimp etc.So what do we get, half tray bbq chicken, fried shrimp and they will throw us some fried dough with cinnamon sugar for free!Well here comes the relevant part.  Hawaiian bbq chicken - comes flat looking like pork on top of vegetables.Joji - they have broccoli under the chicken, do we serve that?Melanio - probably just for catching the grease from the chicken like in chinese and thai restaurants.Joji - food is still hot, put it in the oven to remain warm until guests arrive to eat.Melanio - ok, everybody is gtting hungry who is hereAndy (my brother in law) - started on the chips from Salt Lick (everyone eats it too)Aloha A Go Go food - bbq sauce for chicken, okay not great (soy sauce and sugar?), fried shrimp - too much breading sauce tartar sauceBoth dishes are flat for some reason (as in thin pieces).  Imagine your bbq chicken and fried shrimp being served after the car has run over it several times to flatten it.  I didn't expect the food to be flat but tried it anyway.  Only okay. wouldn't recommend it to a funeral party.If you like to make sure that your food is sandwich ready, get Aloha A Go Go to go.P.S.  the vegetables (not broccoli only) under the chicken was meant to be served with the chicken...aya yay yay!
3	Aloha! a go go?  Obviously the sister joint to china a go go ....do Chinese know how to cook Hawaiin?  Anyways....I usually have lunch here once a week or so, I usually have the spam or bbq chicken saimin noodles.  They taste just like the description: spam n noodles.  I have also sampled the lunch special consisting of wayyyyy toooooo much fooood...... like 2 full slabs of chicken katsu, rice, macaroni salad and they toss in one maldagascar or whatever they call it puffy dessert thang....not many choices in the area so I gotta endure it....oh, and the tonkatsu sauce was too watery....til next time, good eating!
2	I was out running errands and stopped in for a quick lunch. I generally prefer to eat at independent places rather than the corporate chains that dominate this part of town. But as Aloha A Go Go proves, local doesn't always mean better. Looking back, I should have tried Pick Up Stix next door instead.I opted for the garlic shrimp lunch special, and it came with chow mein, fried rice and a drink for $6. Not a bad deal if the food was good, but alas...  Everything but the shrimp was lukewarm, as though it has been sitting on a steam table for a while. The noodles were lo mein rather than chow mein and were rather greasy and lifeless, the fried rice was overcooked and bland and the veggies under the shrimp were cold. Only the shrimp themselves were hot.Pretty crappy experience, even for fast food. I won't be going back.
1	I tried their food once...terrible!  I love their chinese food from China A gogo, so figured this might be decent...not even close to my other regular haunts such as Ohana Hawaiian BBQ and Aloha Island grill on MD Pkwy and the one on Sahara.
2	Menus were totally confusing---very inconsistent and many items (like dumplings) are left off the printed menus.  Their combos were a bit confusing too--like a mini portion of orange chicken came with rice but not macaroni salad, yet other chicken items came with the macaroni.  I ordered a side of macaroni but after a taste I couldn't eat it--flavorless.  The orange chicken looked beautiful but wasn't that great of quality--big portions--enough for two, but I wish it was more white meat.  The grilled mahi mahi was very salty and their french fries were horrible.  Their burgers were chewy and bland.  Sadly, I won't be back, even though they have a wide variety of items, but I don't think it will be better.
2	Ah, the plate lunch. Carbs, grease and salt. Those are three of the four major food groups, if memory serves me correctly.Aloha A Go Go is pretty typical of these places, but their just-barely-creamy macaroni salad is some of the best I've had.My usual order is a combination of garlic chicken, which is stir-fried with piles of minced garlic, and the volcano chicken, which is basically spicy BBQ chicken. Both start off decent, but the rubbery dark meat chicken can be a little hard to stomach after a while. Scarf down some rice and you'll feel better. I don't recommend the soggy, flavorless kalua pork.Service is friendly and accommodating. Portions are massive.Otherwise, the place is unremarkable, perfectly acceptable but not worth a special trip.
5	Fresh, fast, and delicious! And in Southern Highlands. Chek out the cars in the area while you're there. ;)
2	WHAT HAPPENED TO THIS PLACE????I've been coming here 1-2 a month for 5 years, and it has progressively gotten worse. They don't have half the things on their menu, so if you are looking for something other than the VERY BASIC combination plates, you're better off going to another location. Some of the items they don't have anymore are: pork katsu, pork cutlet, lemon chicken, POTATO SALAD (Aloha A Go Go?!), grilled salmon, KIMCHI, aloha fried rice, manapua, egg roll, any sort of curry, etc.They also have/HAD a stamp card where 20 stamps would qualify you for a free meal. I went there last week to get my final stamp (which would have made this meal free), and the girl tells me that they are not doing the stamps or honoring the cards anymore because of new management. She tells me the change happened in December. WOW.
3	Good service, good food. Wish they still serve kimchi.
4	I don't know why this place is rated so low! I happen to like this place! Not as good as Hawaiian Hale, or Ross J's... but it's above average! The lady that works on the register is always sweet and friendly. She remembers me even if I haven't been back for a while! I will continue to go here for their garlic chicken and garlic shrimp whenever I get a craving! Plus, even though they stopped the frequent diners card, i still was able to use my old one that was filled up for a free individual plate!! I love a free meal!
