4	They may not have the biggest selection of clubs here, but they get a high rating from me because of how quick they regrip clubs.The store is always pretty slow when I go in and they seem to be dying to do anything so it's the perfect place if you want your clubs regripped in a hurry. They did a whole set of irons within a couple hours and if you just have a club or two, and they aren't doing anything, they'll take care of it right then. Good prices too.Like I said, they don't have a massive selection of clubs, but what they do have is good. I sometimes lustfully browse the irons and they always seem to have several sets on sale for a good price. They have a good selection of shoes, gloves, hats, etc too.I'm not sure what other club repair work they do there, but I noticed that the area they have is pretty small so I don't know if it's much more than regripping.
4	I'm not a golf connoisseur and a very new golfer at that, but after a recent visit to Van's, I meow know where to turn when I need to find some golfing essentials. Van's is an intimate shop located off of 32nd and Camelback and not very large in size, however, they pack in a whole lot of merchandise! During my visit, I saw racks of golf shoes, rows of golf bags and golfing knick knacks galore. They even have a virtual driving range for golf lessons! The staff was friendly and helpful and it's obvious that they know their product and the sport. The store is tucked back in a small shopping center, so it wasn't very crowded when I went which means it's perfect for some one-on-one attention!This is a great store to visit if you're looking for a good gift for a golfer because they have items that range in price. They have everything from golf books and gloves, to full golf sets and golf bags. I especially enjoyed the amount of UA Wildcat gear they carry! They also carry items from "the other school," but that's not worth mentioning because it's all about BEARING DOWN!
2	Let me start off by saying I love the vans metro location, but honestly this one is not up to par. I walked into the store today with full intent of purchase and was ignored for over 40 minutes while I browsed. I feel it was because I look young and older seasoned, more rich looking customers were coming in. I was skipped over at least 3 times and never even greeted or asked if I want help. The store is crammed and not well organized and the staff seemed pushy to the customers they were talking to. Eventually I walked out, and that hurts being the avid golfer I am. I will stick to the Vans Metrocenter location from now on and suggest it to other Yelpers. They did not stock the Club I was looking for but some assistance would have went a long way. On a good note the store did have some good deals going, and seemed to be helping the regulars just fine...
4	Friendly service to an out-of-towner.
1	Walked in on Tuesday afternoon and was the only customer in the store. There were four male employees near the front counter and none of them greeted me. I walked over to the shoe area and still no one came over to say hi. I then walked over to the putting area and began looking at putters, as I need a new one with a tournament coming up that I am playing in on Saturday. I spent several minutes in that area and no one approached me. I then wandered over to the apparel section, browsed through the racks, tried on three or four hats, and still no one came over. Three of the four men even walked past me into the back room and did not acknowledge my presence. The one man was still up at the front, so I walked up and stated, "wow, a single woman in a golf store and no one can manage to greet me?" He replied, "oh, you were over in the apparel area." I replied, "not good." Shaking my head, I exited the store and he said "have a nice day." Wow.
5	The guys over at Van's are all very honest and knowledgeable.  I did a return on some irons I bought a few months ago and there was no fuss at all by them in the process. First rate all the way.I couldn't disagree more with Lynette.
