5	HIGHLY RECOMMEND: Best vegan tamales ever!! Actually everything is good!! Everything is homemade and the owners are super nice!! First tried them out at the farmers market at Tivoli Village on Saturdays then realized they are right behind my house!! Super convenient and did I mention delicious?!?!
5	Being from Southern California, we do two things well: Vegan food and Mexican food. Yet, there are surprisingly very few Mexican restaurants that offer vegan options. Pancho's Kitchen has a full menu devoted to just vegan dishes. After being greeted by the friendly young lady at the counter, I opted for the #1 (vegan tamal with rice and beans) and my boyfriend ordered three different tacos with rice and beans. Because they were out of avocados for the avocado taco, my boyfriend was trying to choose between the bean taco or the poblano and zucchini taco. She kindly suggested that they could combine the two for him, which was a really nice gesture and just a small taste of the great customer service they displayed. As the food came out, everything was hot and meticulously prepared. They put a little bit of vegan pepper jack cheese (Daiya, I believe) on my beans, which is the way I would do it at home as well. The masa encasing my tamal was the most delicious and flavorful I've ever tasted. It was a good size as well and left me feeling content after I finished my plate rather than heavy and sluggish. The young lady helping us said they were her favorite and she wasn't lying, it was the best vegan tamal I've ever had and that's considering my grandma's homemade non-vegan ones I ate back in the day. My boyfriend was so pleased with all of his tacos. I gave preference to the potato taco due to the crispness and the amount of cabbage and salsa amassed on top of it, however the other two were just as delicious (especially in regards to the homemade tortillas). Too bad this place is not in Southern California. We really lost a good one to Las Vegas' authentic Mexican (and vegan) food scene.
5	I was visiting from Long Beach, Ca and I came across this amazing vegan Mexican restaurant. First of, let me share that the owners r genuinely kind and inviting. They explained how their menus work, one is solely ALL VEGAN and the other is regular. We were also explained how the vegan food is cooked on separate sides of the grill. Overall, great food, fresh made salsas and welcoming staff. It was so darn delicious I had to buy 1/2 dozen of vegan tamales in order to bring them over to my home and share them with my family for these holidays :)  Try it you will not be discontent :)
5	This place is fantastic! The vegan menu items are so tasty (and not greasy or oily). The nachos were incredible (the diced and grilled zucchini on top was our favorite). It took a few minutes to receive our order, but everything is made fresh and is well worth the wait. The customer service was great. We can't wait to return.
