5	ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE*STAFF - incredibly friendly and really try to get to know you. They knew my name after my second visit and I don't think I ever introduced myself. *PRICE - $25.99 for a spa pedicure and they usually have coupons through money mailer, for $18-19! (includes a foot/lower leg massage, hot stone massage and callus removal)*CHAIRS - comfy massage chairs to sit in that really work out the kinks in your backI've been here at least 5x since I've moved here and have never once been disappointed!
5	shellac and a great pedicure. they are able to do the shellac (gel nails) on both your manicure and pedicure which is hard to find. i also love the girls working here. it's a family run business and it's stuck in this random empty shopping center, you would never expect it or see it but it's always packed. since i've been trying to hunt down a new salon, this is so far my new favorite and the first one i am making a 2nd visit to. definitely recommend.
1	I have been going to this salon for over a year now.  Usually I go in for a Spa Pedicure and I bring my young daughter too.  I had always been pleased with the services and the friendly ladies always remember me and my daughter.  For special occasions, I have added a shellac manicure to my services.  Unfortunately, I will NEVER be going back to this salon again!   I decided to have a shellac manicure and spa pedicure Sunday 7/10 so that my nails looked great for my family vacation.  I left the salon slightly disappointed because the girl that did my pedicure didn't speak any English, didn't offer a design on my toes and the foot and leg massage was more like a basic rub the lotion in and move on experience.  None the less, the toes looked fine and the manicure did too, or so I thought.  Less than 24 hrs later, the shellac polish had torn off on my right thumb on both corners.  Since I was on vacation and not able to return, I went to a local salon in Washington state to have the nail redone.  Within a few hours, I had 3 more nails that were chipped and peeling badly.  By day 4, I had 3 nails with all the shellac polish off and 3 more nails that were chipping and peeling.  I returned back to Phoenix late last night and went back to the salon today to see what could be done to make this bad manicure experience right.  I went in there with polish on only 1 nail (my thumb nail that I had fixed in Washington) explained the situation, and my disappointment, especially since I had been going to this salon for a long time.  I was told by the owner that the only thing they could do would be to redo the manicure and charge me 1/2 price!  Are you kidding me, this was a service gone very bad - perhaps the polish was "cured" to long or not enough, but the owner told me that it was basically my nails fault, they were "too oily"!  WTH - It wasn't like I had never had shellac before and given that this had never happend previously, (the 1st time, I had shellac, it lasted 4 weeks!) I don't see how they could try to blame this poor manicure on the customer.  It is extremely disappointing - I guess gone are the days where the customer is right!  I will be sure to tell everyone I know about this experience and recommend they go somewhere, anywhere else for their nail needs.
1	I've been an avid customer for over a year - going in every 2-3 weeks for a manicure or fill, and a pedicure.  I receive their email coupons and the last time I went in, I forgot to print out the coupon and asked if I could just show the coupon from my iPhone.  The owner insisted that I have them but finally honored them if I emailed them from my iPhone to their inbox.  Why not just give me the coupon price since I'm an ongoing customer?  The entire staff knows me by first name yet they're lacking in true customer service.  I also don't like how they "nickel and dime" you with add-on services.  The shellac polish on a manicure is really that much more??  My mani & pedi came to a whopping $60 (with coupons!), so with a tip it was $72 (I still like to tip 20%).  This is WAY too much.  I'm sorry but I'm going to have to find another nail salon.
1	I have been going to this salon for over five years.   I have been very happy with the service. I go every two weeks for a pedicure and fill.  The salon has change management a few times  and it was seamless until thie last change  about two months ago.  The manager (man) does my fills and I must say that he does an awesome job and very happy with the look of my nails.  The pedicure are equally awesome.  But my last visit this past Saturday was less than satisfactory.  My nails look good but the customer service was very disapointing.  They treated me disrespectfully when I told them I didn't like the design on my nails  (2 nails). I asked them to re do them. He would not do it and he told them girl that. Was doing my pedicure  to fix them.  He was talking with a younger customer.  I also observed him being less than friendly with an older women that came into the shop. I will not be going back and that it's to bad because I do like the way they do my nails. But customer service is very important to me and I expect to be treated as everyone else.
