4	Props to Tracy H for pointing this place out to me.As she stated in another thread, this place is new and the only gelato shop in Downtown, right in the same area as Tammie Coe. It serve Bertos Gelatos.My apologies, firsthand, as I haven't really been a gelato or ice cream fan.  As a novice of this sort of edible goodness, I must confess this could very likely be a short-stop on my way home (before heading to Fresh and Easy, of course).Today is their first day, in what the owner called his "soft opening" and it's pretty basic in what's offered. A dozen or so gelatos are available and I was torn between the coconut, the mango, the forest berry, the rum raisin, and the butter pecan. I took the recommendation of the owner and opted for the latter.  I was not disappointed! I sat and enjoyed my creamy delight while talking to the owner. He was surprised his business was already the topic of internet foodies but hadn't heard of Yelp. Some people are so sheltered.There's a tree directly in front of the store: good for shade, bad for signage.Presently they are a cash-only business which is the only thing holding me back from a 5-star review--I had to dig under the sofa cushions and under my car seats before going.So, Roosevelt Row just became a little sweeter.
5	So Rob M and I went here after an intensely spicy Jamaican lunch. You know, to cool the burn. Razi (I think that's his name and how to spell it) remembered me and said he read the review. Cool!!As Tracy H noted, the credit card machine is up and running. Wouldn't you know it, this time I had cash on hand. Oh, bother...So, I'm still lovin' this place. Rob ordered the hazelnut and I got the coconut. Both were wonderfully delicious.Thank you, Chill Out, for a wonderful experience!!
3	I would love to be more impressed with this place, because it's close. I think Arlecchino has spoiled me beyond repair though. The place is cute, the girl behind the counter was extremely friendly, the prices are good for what you get (holy cow, was that a huge scoop!), but I just didn't love the gelato. We tried the hazelnut and the raspberry. Neither were anything special, and it just made me wish we had made the drive down to that "other place".
3	(Torn over my feelings for Chill Out, I have decided to debate with myself, like I did in front of my child psychologist.)+ What I love about Central Phoenix is like, no matter what I'm in the mood for, there's always something close by that can satiate my craving. It's a good thing I don't crave fried chicken and mongolian hot pot too often, I guess. - Oh shut the fuck up. You weren't "craving" anything until you heard someone at Tammie Coe say the word "gelato". It just happened to be there.+ Still, you can't deny the awesomeness of a gelato place on the row. - Right, because no neighborhood is complete without a generic "alternative to ice cream" shop. + It is not generic. - Let's do a rundown, shall we? Painfully cliche "pun on something cold-related" name...check. Tacky decor...check. Same assortment of predictable flavors...check.+ Okay, you seriously need to stfu. This isn't Baskin Robbins. You can't blame them for having a limited selection. It's gelato, a dessert that while delicious is simply not as popular or as easy to mass produce as ice cream. You can't fault them for not splurging on crazy flavors and toppings. You have to serve what you know will sell. Besides, they had a couple unique flavors. Like the bananas foster, you know, the flavor I, uh, we had that day.- Oh my god, after the third spoonful or so I thought there were cuts on my tongue. It was so sharp and tart, it stung. I couldn't even taste any cinnamon or brown sugar. + I detected just a hint of rum flavor.- You're the last person I'd talk to about flavor. You, who swear up and down that the sweat behind your ears smells like pizza hut breadsticks.+ Okay now that was out of bounds. - And sorbet's nice and all, but would it kill anyone to have soy gelato on hand? I know it exists, I've seen it at Whole Foods. I mean, I'm not bashing Chill Out for not having soy, I just, you know, I'm just tired of sorbet.+ You have never eaten sorbet, ever.- I could eat sorbet.+ Your negative bullshit aside, I still think it was pretty good, especially at that price. I mean, as long as you're buying the gelato and not any of the coke products. Ugh. I'm so over drinks in plastic bottles. So not green.- And what would be better for the environment, Miss Earth Day?+ Just carry a reusable bottle or thermos and have them fill that up for you. Well, if they had a fountain and not a cabinet of overpriced high fructose corn---I'm starting to sound like you, aren't I?- Cthulu forbid.+ I think in time, if they try to expand their menu it could be a real "cold spot". Get it? You know, instead of a hot spot.- Die in a fire, you vapid twat. + Bite me, Lilith Fair.
4	OH MY GOSH!!!!The Dark Chocolate gelato is what you need to order when you take a trip to this place.The owner is nice and friendly.I don't go for the atmosphere; I go for the AMAZING gelato.Everyone must know how incredible this stuff is.My favorite. Definitely. It's made by Berto's Gelato I think. FROM PHOENIX.Good good good.Have yet to try the Arcchelino-sno-sno...whatever place.Don't wanna.
4	I stumbled into this place during First Friday's one evening. I thought the staff was friendly and helpful and I especially loved my mint chocolate chip gelato. That's what I get everywhere I go, it doesn't matter what else they have. To me, no other flavor compares to mint chocolate chip. I thought it was fantastic, nice and rich and creamy, mmm! My friend got the lemon sorbet which I tried. It was so tart it made the inside of my mouth water, and my glands feel like they were seizing up, but in a good way. I think probably anything would have tasted tart compared to my really good mint-chip heaven.
3	We stopped by here on a First Friday and the place was surprisingly empty.  I found this rather odd considering the usual hustle and bustle that surrounds First Fridays.  The owners of the place were very kind and helpful and it definitely seemed like this was a family run place.  I like places like that.I tried the cheesecake gelato and I LOVED it.  If I ever go to a gelato place and cheesecake flavor is available I will definitely go straight for that.  I found it to be very delicious and creamy with the perfect balance of sweet and tangy that I look for with cheesecake.  The servings were also quite respectable for the price.I would be giving this place at least one more star if I had not learned that they do not make their gelato on premises.  I guess I just thought all places did and I didn't even think to ask.  That's a little disappointing to me.  However, it's still great stuff so I recommend trying and formulating your own opinion.
5	It's the best Gelato I have ever tasted.  I visit every month at First Friday.
3	Glad to have this yumminess somewhat close to my work.  I asked if it was hommemade and the answer was no but whatever, it tasted really good!  Really Really good!  I can't give more than 3 stars though b/c I have had better and a couple other places and I gave them 4 and 5 stars.Chill Out is a small little shop that we stopped in after lunch next door at The Nile Cafe.  I tried to go another time but it was closed so I was happy that I got to try it out this time!  The whole little shopping/dining strip is a pleasant suprise and really cute. I tried a few of the flavors, cookies and cream and bananas foster-- both were really yum.
4	For what it is - a neighborhood gelato shop - it's pretty spot on. Would I go out of my way to stop here? Likely not, but since I live just a few blocks from it, odds are good I'll be back.None of the gelato is made in house, which is a downer, but it's a cozy little shop offering gelato, which works for me.
1	I was out with the boyfriend for First Friday, and was desiring something cool, sweet, and creamy. My first thought is always Gelato. We were strolling, and came across Chill Out. When we walked in, it seemed clean, and the purveyors were quiet, yet smiling and friendly. I ordered a large Lemon. The price wasn't terrible, but the flavor bordered on it. The consistency was like that of Gelato that had gone through a few thaw-freeze cycles, and was gummy. The texture was really gross because of this, and the flavor was pretty bland. I've had better Gelato out of the freezer aisle at my local grocery. I wouldn't drive out of my way, or even stop in when walking by, to eat this Gelato.
2	Came here a few times and enjoyed it. However, I've been coming by the last few Saturday evenings and have never found it open, despite the window claiming openness on Saturdays. The lack of predictable hours (and lack of ANY posted hours) makes this a poor choice for gelato.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service7 Atmosphere7 ValueThe gelato here is good (it's Bertos, which I believe is a local gelato company), the service is friendly and prompt, and this is a great First Friday hit.
