1	The Gist - Think Olive Garden (garden salad & breadsticks) , large portions, but much more casual and not as tasty...and very well "meh." Serivce - Will say the service was very good and attentiveFood Ordered:* Fried Mozzarella - 3 medium sized fried triangular pieces with Marinara sauce wasn't bad..just ok* Chicken Asiago - 2 lightly breaded panko chicken breast, a slice of red pepper and 3 stalks of asparagus on top all on a bed of pasta drenched in asiago sauceWhen it arrived two thoughts came to mind: 1.) huge portions 2.) looks bleh like it wasn't going to be good cuz it just looked like it was well frankly slopped together...and sadly I was right... The only good thing about the dish was the chicken by itself without the sauce wasn't so bad, was pretty moist, crunchy breadin' and not too oily . However, everything else had no flavor- pasta not salted, asparagas just looked plain & boiled and tasted bleh...in general but the sauce. I don't even know what to say about the sauce so will quote my bf  "it's like a blackhole, it consumes and destroys any flavor of everything it touches" the sauce wasn't even salty...it was just bleh*Cheese Ravioli -Bf ordered; large portions & chunky tasty sauce*Garden Salad - think olive garden always can have more, fresh though*Garlic breadsticks - think olive garden but less buttery
3	Nice family oriented Italian restaurant. Let me emphasize FAMILY ORIENTED. This place caters to families with kids so if you are looking for a quite spot to go on a date , go elsewhere. If not, the place is clean and food is good. Huge selection.
2	First off, excellent service. Extremely attentive and helpful waitress. We ordered fried calamari and breaded zucchini.  The calamari was bland, beige, and needed salt. The zucchini was very greasy. We ordered the gnocci primavera - pretty good; salmon monte carlo with garlic mashed potatoes -- way, way too much butter -- was happy it stayed down all night; chicken marsala with buttered capellini that glistened on the plate, and a veal dish that was very bland. The dinner entrees ranged from $13 to $20 and while the portions were a good size, the heavy-handed butter in three of the four dishes made it too rich to eat all of it. Sorry to say that we most likely will not return.
