1	Rob ReviewsThank you For reading!!I have been using this establishment for about two years because its close and convenient with two babies.  I have been trying desperately to have my wife get a new pediatrician but for time and convenient sake she keeps using this place. Let me be specific as to why i don't like this place.Some of the doctors are OK im  referring to the business as a whole.First off on multiple occasions when i call in to set an appointment they always have a nurse call back before hand to ensure that an appointment is  needed, OK not a problem. But ALL  of time they call back 3-5 hours later and on multiple Occasion they never called me back at all -BIG PROBLEM. People get busy and need to know if they can take a kid in we cant wait a whole work day waiting on a call not going to work staying home with kid to see if they call and whenThey are never apologetic for this by the way. Also wait times are ridiculous when you finally do get to the back they never apologize for the wait nor do they communicate efficiently about anything. On multiple occasions i can hear the doctor and nurses talking outside my room cause they are right next to the door about non work ive literately and my wife have come out of the room and reminded them that we are waiting and the nurse will come in and say were just really busy. Not really i heard you talking about your relationship. My son had croup and couldn't breath a year ago and he looked horrible so i took him in they prescribed a breathing machine but my little baby was all red and couldn't breath .I at that point asked them "should i take him to the hospital" and they said well its up to you I asked  well "if this was your son looking like this would you take him in to the hospital" she said still well its really up to you you could wait another day or two.As i left i said hell no im taking him to Phoenix children s and he had a three day stay just to get him back to normal they gave him top notch care and steroids to calm the inflammation he could have died. ( he was under a year old). He couldn't breath. They should have recommended i take him for the well being of the child. On many occasions i have been dissatisfied with them- PEOPLE WE HAVE TO BE SMARTER AND MORE PROACTIVE IN THE WAY OUR CHILDREN ARE CARED FOR AND NOT JUST TAKE THE WORD OF A DOC JUST BECAUSE. There care is sub-par. Not to mention about a year or two ago and this was on the news GOOGLE IT that a doctor mind you not an employee was caught with child porn and relieved of employment. and I believe he was convicted google it.Overall I am dissatisfied with this place . If you are in the west valley do your self a favor and look elsewhere.Some people may be satisfied with sub par care but im not if your going to take my co-pay and bill my insurance give me the best care and run your operation like a business that cares and remember I've been here for two years enough is enough i will not allow my wife to take them here anymore I literally have been to urgent cares that were cleaner and more efficient and friendly than this pediatrics.Rob Reviews
1	UPDAT E.Well today i sought out another office for a secondary opinion for my babies. I took them to and urgent care up north WE CARE URGENT CARE (5 STARS) because phoenix children s couldn't take my kids for a day . My kids x2 have had coughs for 2 months and the peds here kept saying there getting colds over cold Monday (YESTERDAY we took them in again (dvp) and they said my kids just had colds DESPITE these aggressive coughs and recent fevers. I didn't believe them like i stated above . I took them in for a 2nd opinion and BAM!!!  PNEUMONIA i am FURIOUS i knew they were sick and DVP didn't take the time to  check this. We found out via chest x-rays. I am not mad at what they did do-(well kinda) but im mad at what they didn't do . This place deserves less than one star A URGENT CARE FOUND PNEUMONIA IN MY KIDS AND THIS PED DIDN'T HAVE THE CARE TO LOOK FURTHER EVEN AFTER REQUEST.
1	We had a terrible first experience at the 108th avenue and Indian School.  I don't remember the name of the Dr we saw but we were given useless information and he was very unsanitary.  He coughed on his hands, wiped his nose, and even stuck his hands in the garbage before attempting to touch my 2 week old!  I will be going somewhere else.
5	After trying many pediatricians, I heard about Dr Spiekerman at DVPs. I'm so happy I found him. My son has seasonal asthma and Dr. S is very attentive to my son's needs. I feel very confident having him care for my son
