5	Whoa.I didn't think it was possible to have a Westin-like hotel in the Chambana area (I mean, seriously, this is the same place that offers barn-dances for fun group nights out), without actually having the Starwood brand move in, but good god Chambana! I'm SO totally impressed!!A joint project between the University and Fox/Atkins Development, this is SUCH a beautiful hotel- very boutique-like, and the rooms are so plush- modern, with NOVELS as part of the decor! (I spent one night reading King Arthur!)Located at the northern end of  Research Park, it's BANG next to Memorial Stadium and Assembly Hall, and within walking distance of the new ARC (formerly known as IMPE). It's not the cheapest place (by Chambana standards of course- $132/night including tax), but boy, is it luxurious!! It's comparable to any sort of smaller boutique hotel in a larger city such as the Chi or even NYC.Bottom line- if you're looking for how Chambana can do upscale, you've come to the right place!
4	If you're a Illini fan you just might want to stay here. This hotel is located about a quarter of a mile away from where they play football and their basketball arena is a mere stones throw away. Granted, if this is during basketball and football season, this closeness might be a good or a bad thing depending on what you are here for, I could see it being a massive traffic nightmare to be honest. It opened in August '08 so it still has that brand new smell when I stayed here this past weekend.It has some really nice features, flat screens tvs, a very green environmental vibe going on, extremely friendly and over the top helpful customer service. One night when a friend and I went out to a bar and left our cars at the hotel, we asked about getting a cab. The front desk manager informed us it would be fairly expensive and told us he would drive us to the bar. Um.. okay. Always smiling and willing to help. They have cards that you can leave on the bed if you don't want or need your bed linens changed in an effort to save some energy on cleaning them over and over again. I like that. Also their light bulbs are energy efficient. The alarm clock in the rooms have a feature in which you can dock your ipod and wake up to it or play it like speakers. The room was great, comfortable and quiet. Prices were fairly affordable, but then again, I am also slightly comparing to Chicago prices.There are a few things that can be tweaked though. In their fitness center, perhaps towels or something to wipe down when someone gets sweaty. It would be nice to have some stability balls, and a little more equipment. I am being picky but it was pretty bare bones in there. And I know they want to be a little greener, perhaps having a water fountain in or by they gym. Maybe there was one and I didn't see it. They do provide water bottles of Aquafina, but I think the water fountain would cut down on the use of plastic. Also, some recycling bins around the hotel and gym to recycle those bottles would be great too. For a first time visit to the town, I definitely would recommend staying here, however, do make sure when you do, check on when the games are being played, the traffic and congestion might interfere with your plans.
4	Green Acres is the place to be! Green Acres is the place for me! Land spreadin' out so far and wide! Keep Manhattan, just give me that countryside!Not so much.I tend to expect marginal or generic experiences when I visit our Champaign office. That way, I'm never disappointed. And sometimes--just sometimes--I am pleasantly surprised. The I Hotel pleasantly surprised me. It is a nice, "typical" boutique style hotel,  incongruously set against the rural back drop of the UIUC campus. Yes, the "I" is truly the "champagne" of Champain hotels. And, yes,  I did just write that. Oh yes, I did. There is hardly any parking around the university, so having both a FREE parking lot and FREE (yes, I said free) shuttle service that will take you places and even pick you up is pretty darn amazing. (You do need to reserve the shuttle in advance by calling the front desk.) The staff seem a little befuddled. Like they are actors playing the role of "Staff At An Upscale Boutique Hotel" and they just can't wait until they get off work to go kick it at the Hooters. But again, I'm not complaining too hard, since when I visit our Champaign office I always feel like I am Eva Gabor in Green Acres. Yes 4 stars. They are contextual stars because if the I were anywhere else, I'd be all been there done that.
5	Great hotel with an amazing staff.  I stayed there for a conference and somehow I dropped my fancy name tag in the shuttle.  When I got home, I realized that I had lost it and I was quite sad (it is a really cool name tag).  I emailed and called the hotel and it seemed like the entire staff took a personal interest in locating it for me.  The shuttle driver had noticed it, picked it up and was just about to turn it in when the hotel manager asked about it.  They packaged it up and sent it back to me asap!  Awesome.It's also got great rooms...nice little fitness center...adjacent to a Houlihans...and has nice conference facilities.
4	This place is ridiculous....The customer service was top notch.  As part of a semi-loud wedding party, they came up to let us know there were customer complaints about us being loud on the floor, so he asked if we could move outside and offered to get us cushions for the seats, etc.Then I guess the same couple could hear us outside, so then he asked if we wouldn't mind coming into the lobby.  I don't envy his job, having to balance the needs of different guests, but he was cordial and very accommodating!Internet is free, and they have a two computers available for use.  They have two mini fridges that are consistently refilled with mini Aquafina botles, which are also free.  The workout facility, also free.  A nice backyard patio that while small, is charming and enjoyable... perfect for some drinks, food, and cigars.  The beds, oh the beds... so comfortable... we slept like no other!  The pillows, the mattress top, everything.  The price is definitely a bit high for the area, but you're paying for great customer service, excellent facilities, and a wonderful experience!
3	I recently had the opportunity to attend a consulting forum here, as a recruiting event, and the event space (I didn't use the hotel) is really pretty nice. We were in a large, modern ballroom type area, that looked as though it could be segmented in to three separate rooms when needed. Good multimedia capabilities with multiple bright, high resolution projectors and good sound made for a pleasant event. There was even a decent catered lunch (even if my lunch box didn't include a napkin). I would certainly think of this if I needed a big place for an event, but the hotel itself is a little far away from campus for my taste - I'd rather be at the Union (ideally) or one of the hotels up on University if I was going to get my walk on, since parking at UIUC is often at a premium.
4	I love this hotel! I come here 2x a year for recruiting at UIUC.They provide complimentary shuttle service to and from the Wilard airport.The hotel is modern & contemporary. It is super clean and chic. The decor is very hip. The hotel rooms are nicely decorated and it is super clean. The staff here is awesome! I have never had a bad experience with them. Their customer service skills are superb and they always go above and beyond.
5	WOW. Hotel perfection!  IHotel is impressively clean, modern, snazzy and safe. I came from Chicago on business, and look forward to coming back for a weekend with my husband.  There were plenty of nice touches that one would hope to take for granted in hotels but really can't:  good cable, good shampoo, solid locks, in-room safe, comfy bed, no funny smells, quiet rooms, nice lobby, fast elevators, lots of free bottled water. I had low expectations for the Houlihan's restaurant inside the hotel, but they had a special "small plates" menu that was so tasty, well-prepared and well presented, I chose to eat there for four days and never ran out of delicious choices (the pot roast was so off the hook, I had it twice).  Everybody I encountered in the entire hotel was beyond nice, friendly and professional, and seemed poised to go above and beyond at any beckoning.  When I accidentally left a CD in my room when I departed, they called promptly and popped it in the mail for me. My room had a shower but it didn't have a tub, so ask if you want one.  I have easily been to over a hundred hotels and this was easily one of the most pleasant and relaxing business stays I have ever had.  I recommend you make a reservation without reservation!
5	I am staying in his hotel right now. Great checking, staff, and outstanding room. I have found the hotel i will stay at every time in Champaign!
5	A couple of times my friends decided to meet in Champaign for a get together weekend because it is half way between the cities where we live.  Once we stayed at the I Hotel, we had to go back.  The customer service is outstanding.  The staff are very helpful, and if they aren't able to help or answer a question, they find someone who can.  The hotel has a modern style and is very clean.  The rooms have your typical hotel amenities, and they do have free wi-fi.  The last time I went they asked me specifically if I wanted a newspaper (they have several to choose from) and a coffee maker--these won't be in the room unless you indicate so.  You also receive a card for a free coffee and pastry at the "I Cafe," which is the coffee bar next to the restaurant or you can use it for half off a hot breakfast at Houlihan's.The gym is okay.  There are a few ellipticals, treadmills, and bicycles with televisions and also, free weights.  There are free bottles of water in the hallway going to the gym.  There is also a computer with internet in that area, if you need it.Houllihan's  is the restaurant/bar downstairs and the food is really good.  It's not a "fancy" restaurant, but definitely much better than typical bar food.  They have a full bar, and you can even get a martini flight.  The hotel offers a shuttle, which will take you to different places in town and pick you up.They also offer massages.  I've gotten both the swedish and the hot stone and have NO complaints.I'm a little embarrassed to admit that the last time we went, my friends and I arrived on Friday afternoon and between food, drinks, massages, and movies in the hotel room we actually did not leave the hotel until the relaxing, fun weekend was over on Sunday afternoon.
5	super modern feel, yet still very comfortable. my friend was having her wedding ceremony/reception at this hotel and the front desk was more than willing to accommodate a few of us that were in the wedding party for an early check-in. the rooms were clean and the beds were super comfortable with the standard hotel amenities. the shower design is a little funny in some of the rooms....there is no door just a glass window that covers half of the shower space. luckily the shower head is one of those waterfall types so you don't have to worry about water getting all over the bathroom. they have free wi-fi and they also give you vouchers for free coffee and snacks at the cafe downstairs. one thing that would make it better would be 24hr room service. overall it was a fantastic stay. if i ever find myself in champaign again i wouldn't hesitate to stay here.
5	Beautiful hotel! Great art, very zen and an amazing staff! Sit outside in the courtyard and listen to the water fountain. It will soothe your weary spirit. Grab a coffee at the Starbucks in the hotel to recover and surf the internet in the lobby. There's a beautiful space to occupy in every direction. Hooligans, the restaurant attached, was the perfect antidote to my crazy diet restrictions. They kept me fed and happy! All without too much of a sting in the wallet. LOVE THIS PLACE!
4	The I has been around for 5 years, but it feels as if it was just opened. The rooms are small, but sleek and modern. Love the IPhone alarm clock especially after forgetting my charger. Having a Houlihan's on premises is a plus. Walking distance to Assembly Hall and Memorial Stadium too. Spent about $225 for one night which is a lot given that we are in central Illinois. Why not five stars? Because the gym has nothing more than barbells, two treadmills, an elliptical and a stairmaster. Install a universal machine, there is plenty of room. Oh, no pool either which is odd since there is an enormous amount of space dedicated to the conference rooms and lobby.
5	I hadn't been back in C-U for 9 or so years and found myself trying to find a place five days beforehand. Ugh. I figured OK, my lack of planning will cost me extra, and they had some rooms available. Done. Holy cow, was it a good move. I wasn't able to give them a heads-up, but they managed to check me into a room hours before 4pm, which was awesome because it was starting to rain, I had a ton of work to do, and I had an enormous suitcase to lug around. Then they arranged a shuttle the next day to the airport, and the driver was supernice and friendly.I was on a multi-leg trip, and the Champaign layover stage was the one I was most concerned about, but these folks made it the most restful of them all. The service was stellar. If you can swing it, reward good behavior and stay at this place.
4	The iHotel is amazing! I only give it 4 stars because when I added a second night to my stay they gave me a higher price than what I paid on hotels.com the night before and didn't exactly make it clear that they were going to do so. Otherwise, the ihotel was great. I can't complain about free Starbucks in the morning, a very modern feel, super later check-out with no fee, and an ultra comfy bed.
4	Now, these people know what good customer service means.I stayed at the iHotel for a conference, and it was fabulous. I called to make my reservations instead of doing it online. The staff was polite and asked the right questions to make sure my stay was enjoyable. They offer free shuttle service from and to the airport for guests, and you only need to ask for it when you book.When I arrived at the Champaign airport, the shuttle was waiting for me; we arrived at the hotel within 10 minutes. I was early, but they had a room available. Most of the staff were pleasant and accommodating. They even helped me during a business crisis.My room was comfortable (what a bed!) and spotless. I do wish the desk chair were more comfortable; that's important to me since I do a lot of work on the road. For those of you, like I am, who stay cold and curse heating systems that cycle cold air periodically to maintain the temperature, you can take heart in knowing that you can set the thermostat to blow pure, hot air. The closet has a full-length mirror and a safe, both of which make me happy.The conference space is bright, modern, and spacious. The conference food, which I got to late since The Ol' Mangaretta likes to talk, was good--what little bit I had (arriving late to a conference buffet makes for slim pickings).I only deduct one star because during my reservation, they offered certain amenities, but forgot to follow through; a rare-few, won't-do team members; and no bathtub (The Ol' Mangaretta loves a bubble bath on the road).So, four stars for wonderful customer service, a delightfully comfortable room, free wifi, the clean and spacious lobby, and tasty conference food; and minus one star for a few grumpy, unhelpful staff, a desk chair harder than...never mind, and no "Hey, it's bath time!" ability.
3	3.5 is the rating we would give but that isn't an option. We booked a king bed through Hotels.com for $120 (with tax). When we arrived we got a double queen room - which was fine but not what we requested.  Check-in was easy and were to our rooms within 10 minutes (it was 11:30 pm so not a lot of people checking in). The beds were very plush and comfortable. We had 4 pillows per bed and there was 4 extra pillows in the closet. The pillows were soft but we had enough to build them up. Room was clean and smelled good. Towels were soft, shower was nice (my 6'4" hubby could fit). Coffee in room was Starbucks. The only downside was no hot breakfast. You got a free pasty and coffee or juice from the lobby Starbucks...this is why we would rate it at 3.5.
5	This is a first-class hotel excellent service great accommodations the only place to stay in the area.
5	This hotel blew me away, what a great experience. Thrilled to get a complimentary breakfast at the Starbucks inside the hotel. I have to mention I picked a spinach pesto panini sandwich, which I'm still thinking about it was that good, made with Great Harvest Bread Company bread. (I just had to ask, now I know why, that bread company is the best ). I doubt I'll find a Starbucks that makes it as good as here.This hotel has got everything right. Lots of nice touches, like bathrobes and shelves with real books in your room. Someone had a lot of fun designing this place.Bathroom was spotless, I could go on and on. This hotel should not disappoint you. I will not need to look elsewhere, if I come back to Champaign-Urbana.
5	Extremely comfortable, modern, with all our needs met by attentive staff.  I will continue to come back here on our return trips to Illinois.
5	When we are in Champaign, we almost exclusively stay at the iHotel. Sure there have been times when we haven't planned ahead or there's a bank of rooms for a wedding and we have to go elsewhere, but we always regret it.This is similar to a Westin, and for Champaign that's a big deal. Sure you can find more opulence in Chicago, but really there's nothing missing from a stay here. Super comfortable beds, large rooms, marble countertops, plush bedding, attentive staff, nice products (Rusk shampoo, Starbucks coffee in rooms). They offer you a coupon for free coffee and a breakfast sandwich when you leave. There's plenty of parking. You're close to the athletic facilities, but heading to the main quad is a bit of a hike.
4	Very Modern hotel and easy access to conference center. I enjoyed the one night I stayed there for an event. The staff was good and they were very attentive with my requests. The restaurant is ok and the iCafe is good.
5	This property has it all. Great food, service, amenities and room. Very clean. Free wi-fi. Staff goes out of the way to be helpful.  Highly recommended for business or family.
5	Wonderful hotel, clean and modern!!! The bed is even better than Tramp Chicago!!! Free:  -Breakfast, comes with one sandwich your choice and a drink  -Free bottle water all the time, pick them up at the lobby next to the gym room-Free in room Starbucks Coffee & Tazo Tea-Free shuttle pick up and drop off everywhere on university campus
5	They have a shuttle from the amtrak station. It's modern and nicely laid out the staff is terrific, the rooms are clean and nicely decorated. I was here for a conference and things ran very smoothly. I'm a runner and they had a map of routes and cold water when I returned. There is a nice breakfast bar. Starbucks coffee in the room. It's a block from the UI football field.
2	I came here for a conference with work. They provided a good lunch (chicken and veggies) and a snack (brownies, cookies, and fresh fruit) which were all delicious. The rooms for the conference were clean and professional.Went to the Houlihans (on site restaurant) for a reception and had excellent wings, spinach dip, pizza, and fried mushrooms. Also enjoyed several beers. Staff was accommodating and found chargers for my friend and I who both had different phones (iPhone 4 and 5) after our phones had died at the bar.Everything seemed great until we went to go to sleep and my friend removed the 'how to be green' card from the top of her bed and got in only to discover another card buried in between her sheets. We couldn't tell if they had been lazy while making the bed, or had just remade her sheets without removing them. Either way we asked for them to remake the beds (just to be sure) and had to wait for a while just for them to come up.Overall great experience until the dirty sheets!
5	Convenient and clean!! Wasn't scared to sleep in the bed and the modern feel made everything seem very fresh. Complimentary breakfast and Philosophy toiletries. Definitely staying here again next time I'm on campus!
4	The rooms here are not large; they are average size but very well maintained and cleaned. If you stay here make sure you find Toi (wish i knew her last name), but she was incredibly helpful and made the stay even more enjoyable.
