4	It's been almost 2 weeks since David at Rainbow gave me a killer mani and I can't stop staring at my nails! I was in desperate need of a mani one sunny Saturday morning, so I decided to check out Rainbow, since it just opened a few months ago. I was glad to get there just a half hour after they opened, so it was completely empty with no wait. David greeted me and said to take my time choosing a color. I went for a pale pink and we were on our way. He was super nice and we chatted out his time living in NYC and the difference in pace compared to PGH. He didn't rush through anything or cut any corners (except my nails.. ha cha cha). He gave my nails a great shape and complimented me on their strength. They look amazing and I couldn't be happier. So glad to have a nail salon I can trust in Squirrel Hill! At $15, the price is reasonable too.
5	Ask for the DELUXE padi is amazing!!!
5	I love Rainbow Nails and most of the techs are great.  Tammy is the best, however.  They do a great job on gel nail polish and I usually get about two and a half weeks before they need to be replaced.
1	This place is terrible. The first technician had no idea how to trim my cuticles and was half heartedly picking at them while they were mostly dry. Finally cut me so bad I jumped- now bleeding. Then she leaves and another one comes over. They explain that the first woman doesn't know how to do a French. Second one starts scraping my cuticles so hard they bleed more. The tips are uneven and sloppy, didn't even offer to use more than a single clear coat, and I have dried polish around the tips. Looks like a 5th grader did it. Not to mention, despite the bleeding cuticles, the sides weren't touched and the polish is already peeling away on the sides. They don't speak English very well and spent the entire time laughing and talking to each other. Cost me $20- I should have left before they started on the polish. I get my nails done a lot and have never seen anything like this.
2	This nail salon is clean and nice.  The big problem is they do not have enough staff to handle the people coming in.  I waited for 45 minutes in a pedi chair, and again with my hands in a bowl for 15 min while the manicurist took care of another person.  I was leaving town that particular day, and was very stressed out after being in the salon over 90 min.  There were several other exasperated people there that same day.  This type of situation happened to me twice, and until I know they have more staff, I will not go there again.
5	I am not sure why this place has low ratings!! I've been there 3 or 4 times and have always walked away very happy!! That's why:- place is very clean- staff are nice- quality of work is excellent- easy to get an appointment- never had to wait for longer than 10 minutes- Price is excellent ($35 for both pedi and mani, and could get %10 off if you're a student) !!!What they need to improve:- get more variety of colors-  try to keep the quality consistent among different techs (some are better than others)
4	I am very particular when it comes to my nails. Having just moved to Pittsburgh, finding a nail tech/shop was the last thing I wanted to do, knowing it had to be done, I turned to Yelp. The Yelp reviews were ok, my boyfriend said the place was decent so I tried it. I made an appointment, they serviced me right away! Service was was good. My nails looked 2 times better than they did when I went in! Only complaint, I think they could have been shaped better (almond shaped). Long story short. I'll go back!
1	The first time I was here, I had a nice experience with pedi.  Place is very clean and the massage/pedi chairs are comfortable.   However, the polish had dings and spill over onto my toes that wasn't cleaned up.The second time, I felt like I was in the episode of Seinfeld, when Elaine has problems at the nail shop.  I made an appointment with no problem.  But the woman who did my nails was so NOT into her job!  One of her friends came in and they were talking to each other, completely ignoring me...I could deal with that if she had been paying attention to the job getting my nails done.  The two women seemed to be talking about another one of the staff and were gesturing, making the another customer across the way feel uncomfortable that she was the object of the conversation.  It took over an hour for my pedi and my legs were irritated where they had been rubbed too long because she was too busy talking to focus on work.  I had to ask them to finish because I had somewhere else to go.  What's up with that?  It can't be profitable to have staff and space occupied while customers wait for service.I work in a job with direct client contact.  I would be in such hot water if I was wasting time, resources, and alienating customers.  I'm paying to be pampered.  I want customer service.It's very convenient.  I wanted to like them.  But I won't be back and can't recommend it.
5	I've always been happy when I came here for a full set, fill, or a mani. I've never gotten a pedicure though. It's been reasonably fast during after-work hours every time I've gone in. It's priced the same as other nail salons. I agree with the review that says they need more colors. If you're into pinks, you'll be fine, but I like to do funky stuff with my nails and I'm kind of limited here. (I usually get the base color done here and add designs on my own bc I like my own results better and I don't have to pay extra.) Go here and ask for Tammy! She rocks!P.S. Bring cash for tips... you can't add it on if using debit/credit.
1	I think your experience at Rainbow Nails really depends on who you get. The first time I went, my gel manicure looked great, and the manicurist was very friendly. Unfortunately, after the experience I had today, I won't be going there again. I believe they had someone training, who trimmed my cuticles. While she was slow, and did not speak to me, she at least was not rude. However, once my nails were ready to be painted, another woman came over who was just unbelievable. She didn't actually speak to me all, no attempt at small talk.... not even a hello, I am going to paint your nails. Rather than use words, she communicated by grunting and waving her hands and pointing. At first, I thought this was because she did not speak English well, so this manner of communication was tolerable. Then, my friend mentioned something about going to Key West, and my manicurist perked up and started speaking with her in English! She told my friend all about her vacation. While she spoke with my friend, she did not make eye contact with me once. When her conversation was over with my friend, she went back to my nails without saying a single word to me. When she was done, she didn't even say all done, or keep your nails under the light for five minutes... she just walked away and started working on someone elses pedicure. While she worked on my nails, she sighed loudly many times and seemed annoyed. She was rough and just plain rude. I would tell you her name if she had actually told me... but like I said, she didn't speak to me the entire time I was there. She is short, thin, older with penciled in eyebrows and 5 inches stilettos. I was so frustrated because my friend who was there had a very friendly manicurist. Her manicurist spoke to her kindly, and did a great job on her nails. She gave her extra lotion, and rubbed in cuticle oil to her dry nails. I got none of this.After I got outside, I looked more closely at my gel manicure, and it wasn't even done well. The edges weren't filled in, and the bottom was splotchy.Another uncomfortable thing about this place, is that the owner is there, just constantly chatting with staff loudly. It feels like I am sitting in someone elses living room, and I can't even understand what they're saying.
5	My new place for nails!! :) spa pedicure is awesome! Friendly, fast, clean, and not expensive service.
5	The quality of work on my fill and pedi was one of the best I have had in a long time. It took about two hours for both, but the time that was put in was worth it.  David does exceptional work in a clean environment.  I highly recommend this nail salon.
1	One of the worst experience I have ever had with my nails. I walked in for a mani/pedi and they took me in immediately. They were so impatient and wanted me to hurry up picking up the nail paint. The lady attending to me did an OK job on my feet, but she ruined my finger nails. I kept telling her that the tips are rough and not neat at all, but  she didn't listen to me nor did she reply back. She just kept uttering something in a language unknown to me.Plus in order to get that right she just kept adding more coats on my finger nails. The nail paint started coming off within an hour. I was so disappointed with the service, I usually go back to the salons if something goes wrong but I knew there was no fun here.
1	I just received horrible service. The lady who did my nails dug her own nails into mine as she roughly drilled my nails down. Even after the first two times that she painfully nicked me with the electric drill she stared off at her phone and nicked me twice more. When I asked for a color suggestion, she just stared at me and told me to figure it out and said she couldn't suggest a color. And my acrylic looks half done. The worst experience at a nail salon. I have no idea what went on in her day....but she took it out on my nails.
5	I just had the most wonderful experience at Rainbow Nails.  Malia was my technician and did such an amazing job on my nails. She's one of the nicest techs I've ever dealt with and is really good at her job.  I definitely know who I'm going to from now on.
2	I paid $5 for designs on 2 nails. The design I picked was geometric and very simple but the guy did a terrible job. The lines are not straight at all and my friend said it was one of the worst she's ever seen. I'm pretty sure a 10 year old with unsteady hands could've done a similar job.Would not recommend coming here for anything other than gel.
5	I lovvvveeeeee coming here everyone is very nice helpful and sweet U get free bolttle water with a smile lol.. And they wax eyebrows here too.. This place is a must come ladys..
1	It was bad. My nails are ruined. I asked for purple and sparkles and they gave me nothing near that. I got too many sparkles. They didn't even ask me if I liked it. My friend who went with me got 2 coats and a top. I got not even a full 1st coat it was the worst. I am going somewhere else tomorrow. I had the worse time ever. Looks like Rainbow nails will not be seeing  me there any time soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!
