3	If I am comparing this one to the one at Ala Moana (plentiful aloha wear- I know, it's regional so it's hard to compare the two) in Oahu, this one disappoints. This used to be one of the department stores that we would frequent, growing up when I was a child. Over the years, I didn't really shop here anymore. It just seems dated- the store decor, the displays, the clothing. We only came through here last night since (1) there was a ton of parking and (2) we wanted to go to the Blvd. Mall to a couple specific stores. I actually found a couple things in the swimwear department- all of the items in this department were marked down, way down- it was hard to resist (less than $15- for two tankini tops). I am shopping around for clothing for my next vacation, so it's the perfect match.  Children were running and screaming like this was some sort of amusement park- this is aggravating. My husband spoke to one associate who said that the customers were told to control their children but the response was- the cashiers were in the wrong for telling them to control their unruly kids.
3	I came here today to try out the photo department since they sent me an email for a free 10x13 print. I am always nervous taking my little one to a studio since I never know what he will do. He was pretty good..only one brief meltdown. The girl that was taking the pics was actually very friendly and tried really hard to get my little guy to smile. And she did not pressure me to buy more pics than what I was there to get..which  was really nice. They always wanna upsell you. Which I understand...its their job.So after the session we walked around and did some shopping. They have a nice kids department with very reasonably priced clothes. I found some pretty good deals.
5	I love this Sears. I've gotten a maul for chopping firewood here, my first flatscreen TV,  clothing on rare occasions, and other tools and housewares. Since I've been going here once or twice a year for almost a decade, I'll review my most recent visit.The mall itself isn't great. It's old, parts of it are abandoned and it feels like the apocalypse is right around the corner. Wait, that actually does sound great. The Sears itself is old too, but the selection and employees are what make it great.My husband and I had been looking for a new mattress for weeks. We had thrown out our disgusting old futon mattress when we moved, and were sleeping on an inflatable bed designed for a single person. Every time one of us rolled over in our sleep it would jostle the other awake. Not a recipe for a good relationship.We went to several other furniture and mattress stores before we went to Sears. Every single one was either insanely overpriced and/or filled with very pushy and annoying salesmen. Neither my husband nor I can stand being followed and pestered when we've made it clear, once, twice or more that we want to be left alone to shop. After a particularly bad salesman who caused us to leave a shop in anger (he kept sauntering up and interrupting our conversations with annoyingly inept strong arm tactics as we looked at beds), we decided to check out Sears.The saleswoman (Xochi) at Sears was amazing. She asked us once if we had questions, then kept back unless we went up to her to ask a question. She was extremely knowledgeable in the arcane affairs of mattresses and didn't try and pressure us into buying something we didn't want. We ended up getting a firm mattress at a much better price than we had seen elsewhere.We were so pleased with the deal we got that we decided to spend some more money that we had saved. We also got a great deal on a new television. The set I had bought six years ago at the same Sears still worked but was starting to go dim. The salesman (Matt) in the electronics department was just as good as Xochi, and didn't try pester us. He was very helpful, nice and knowledgeable. All and in we appreciated that the associates at this Sears treated us like people, and not sales quotas. We will definitely be taking our business there in the future.
3	I ordered an item online and picked it up later that day at the very convenient customer kiosk.I also purchased an item in the garden department. While leaving I perused the clothing and shoe departments. There were plenty of staff to greet me and answer any questions. The store was well stocked and in a very neat and easy to navigate layout. I saw many 50% off sign for merchandise. I may return to do some back to school clothes shopping.
2	Part of the reason I was excited to move to Paradise Palms was the close proximity to Sears for my house projects.  I gotta say though the product offers has missed the mark than what I expected.  They don't sell small buckets or light bulbs which I think would have been a pretty stock item.The store also looks unhealthy, not a lot of stock on the shelves and merchandise spaced out.  The store seems over staffed, but even with that checkout takes longer than normal.  Seriously I'll be buying one item, and the clerk will type away at the register, he'll ask for my phone number (I'll decline) and he'll type again before finally scanning my item.  It just seems excessive, their corporation must have them submit a 300-word essay before they are allowed to ring up the sale!
1	I recently purchased a washer, dryer and refrigerator from my local Sears in Vancouver, Washington. We have a condo in Vegas for our retirement. Arraignments were made for delivery and  pick-up of the old units during a two day visit. When the delivery team arrived, I was told that they had just left the warehouse and did not have room for the old units but would return later in the day if I called the phone number they gave me. I called and received no answer. I then called Sears toll free number (total pain in the ass). They told me that they had contacted the warehouse and the delivery team would return that day. I had to leave the next day on a flight back to Vancouver, s time was of the essence. Nobody showed up and I wasted a full evening in Vegas waiting. Called back the next morning and received more false promises. I then asked to speak to a supervisor and was transferred. Big surprise! Phone mail. Left explanation of my problem. Two weeks have passed and still no response. Now I have an extra washer, dryer and refrigerator left in my living room.
1	This Sears is a joke. There are other customers walking around and there are 5 sales associates gathered at the checkout stand talking about how one guy doesn't like girls with short hair (actually, the 6th just walked up). I am just trying to get my money back on this elliptical machine that I ordered a week ago and still isn't here. They called me to pick it up yesterday. Don't worry, I'm as confused as you are.
1	Finally made it back to Vegas after about 6 weeks. Called ahead and made arraingments for Sears to pick up my appliances. They were to have called the night before to give a time frame. No call. So the next morning I called them. I was told that they had no record of my call. I was then told that it had been over 30 days, so they were not going to pick them up. I explained that it was not my fault that the delivery crew told me they had no room on the truck when they delivered. I also explained that I lived in Vancouver, WA and only came to my Vegas home when time permitted. I was told that it "wasn't their problem".  Sears had told me in the first place that I could call when I got back to town and said nothing about a time limit. I think that this incident goes to show why Sears is in financial trouble. Myself nor many people I have talked to will ever set foot in a Sears or Kmart again. Frankly, I won't miss them at all as I have never missed Montgomery Ward.
