5	Took Maddie here for a quick nail trim, was super impressed. Friendly staff, prompt service, and light on the wallet. What more could you want. My dog is with me always, so I wont need the boarding services, but will definitely make this my new pet vet! My co-workers have gone to the vaccination clinic they have where they were also impressed by the service and low price! Thumbs up for this place!
4	We just moved here from San Jose and I needed to find, of course, a daycare and vet. I was able to drop my pups (7 yr Doberman and 4 yr Shepheard mix) off on a Friday for a fullday evaluation (I didn't have to wait for them or do extensive interviews, etc.). I picked them up that afternoon and they were so happy!They recieved a glowing review and a report card telling me who they enjoyed playing with. Plus, they are a vet office too so they can get their shots while they play/stay (HUGE bonus).I am boarding them this weekend and will update my review, but I'm sure it's going to be awesome.
5	Pricing is awesome compared to other places I've taken my dog.  People are friendly.  Never have had a problem.  Owner is nice.  I would definitely recommend taking your pet here.  Aside from all that, if something were to happen, they have a vet practice on site as well.  Can't beat that.
5	I love Arizona Pet Resort. Shortly after posting my first review, our Dobie passed away and the staff was so sympathetic! I love all the doctors, technicians, and day camp staff. I couldn't live without this place! I have also recommended it to friends of ours that now take their dog and they love it too. The most important thing is that our pups are happy when they leave, the best testament!
4	I still find the staff to be great. However, I chose to pull my dogs out because I don't like their mandatory Frontline that is required for flea and tick prevention.  If you read the ingredients which contains Fipronil, and Fipronil with Methoprene on the Frontline Plus, you can read about the toxicities inflicted upon the central nervous system by these products.  The package insert to these things always skew the facts.  If you do enough research, you can find a couple published studies with all the side effects. I included a link to a well documented studyThis stuff is stored in the fat cells and it is released over about a mean avg of a 45 day period.  So then when your dog or cat grooms/licks themselves daily, they are ingesting this orally which is more toxic.  Most diseases are a result of cumulative build up of toxins, whether you are a human or animal is of no difference.  People don't see the results of their bad choices and thus they think there's no harm.  It would be like smoking a cigarette and then arguing that because you can still breath it's not causing any damage.  Using this stuff month after month simply is not wise, nor healthy for your animal.  There are other more simple and natural things you can do for your pet.  And having two dogs that I took there adds up when you are shelling out extra cash every month, for a poison none the less.  And as a medical provider, health always comes first and thus it is my obligation to educate the public about unknown carcinogens.http://freedownload.is/pdf/safety-of-fipronil-in-dogs-and-cats-a-review-of-literature-6640434.htmlhttp://healthypets.mercola.com/sites/healthypets/archive/2011/07/14/are-you-exposed-to-this-carcinogen-when-you-pet-your-dog.aspxhttp://healthypets.mercola.com/sites/healthypets/archive/2012/05/04/flea-and-tick-control-tips-for-pets.aspxOn a different note, I brought my dog there for a foot injury.  I requested x-rays be done but after examining the dog, the doctor said he didn't feel it was necessary as he didn't think anything was broken.  In this day and age, with overhead expenses to meet, it is always refreshing when people can think beyond the almighty dollar.  They could have easily charged me for an unnecessary x-ray.  Kudos for that.
5	Kingsley is a 6 month old Weimaraner/German Shorthaired Pointer mix with energy to spare.  He loves APR and I love it because he comes home tired every time!  A full day there will normally temper his energy for the next day as well!  They're great about socializing and their report cards are so cute!  I'm very pleased, they're inexpensive and it's so handy to have the vet right there if ever there's a problem.  I highly recommend it!
2	Today 12/9/2013 3:47pm; was the 2nd worst day of my life. ;( I lost my best friend, of 12 years. Cheeto. The best Pomeranian in the world!!!Worst thing about it, was the vet named Raymond Gniadek (Hardly a doctor); if you need to put your dog down, I highly recommend not using this particular vet @ AZ Pet Resort. He honestly is a jerk.. Ask for Dr. Andrew Coonce. If my dog wouldn't have been so sick, I would have waited for Dr. Andrew. Raymond Gniadek tried to give my wife false hope, an more pills, that clearly wouldn't help! Raymond Gniadek; It would have been nicer if he got the deadly drug in my dog the first time. This made it even worse for us. He had to shave his other paw, and finish the dose - He claimed Cheeto (the sedated dog) moved, and the needle slipped out!! He was squirming, and kicking, and crying, so he clearly wasn't sedated enough!!! : ( Why did he screw this up on my poor lil dog!!! Man, that was a disaster!! Thank god Raymond Gniadek, had Melissa assisting, because we were so close to leaving with our ill buddy, who was clearly suffering terribly, and going to another vet. But we just couldn't, the dog was too sick & we were too far in it by this time.I am giving 2 stars ONLY because of the nurse, "Melissa" that assisted. She was nice, and understanding, & totally compassionate. Otherwise it would have been -5!Raymond Gniadek your bedside manor is terrible, and I suggest retiring, because honestly; I feel you lost the passion for helping animals & families in a rough time. But definitely you lost our business! Melissa, you are the super star of the clinic! Thank you for helping us.Rest in piece Cheeto!! :( You were our best friend!!
5	I have always been impressed with the care my cat receives, and I especially saw that during the time he was there for his recent surgery. The staff was very helpful in responding to my calls/questions and made me feel at ease knowing my cat was being taken care of. The cost was also very reasonable, much less than I had anticipated so that was a bonus
5	This pet resort is as good as it gets.  The staff is friendly, well trained and the facility is clean, designed for you pet's comfort and enjoyment.  We will use this place again when visiting Tempe.
5	The staff at the Arizona Pet Resort are the most caring and supportive that we've ever seen!  They love our Corgi , Ton , like one of their own and it shows. I would recommend this business to anyone with a pet. You won't be disappointed!
2	Not impressed at all.  This is the 3rd place we have used to board our dog.  They seemed to treat him more like a number.  We used Pete and Mac's our last visit and they were much better.  They didn't do anything wrong just felt like the Walmart of pet hotels.  No followup call, no detail in the report, and very transaction interaction at check in and out.  Ranks 3rd out of the 3 we have used.
5	they always take great care of our little girls, even though one of them is not very friendly to other dogs. they give meds, frozen treats, and for extra, will offer play time and more treats. i especially like the report card they give you at pick up.
5	Dr. G. and the staff at Pet Resort are the best! They've cared for and boarded my high maintenance dog for five years. Place is clean and Dozher is well cared for. Thanks You!A gem in Scottsdale for great care at reasonable prices.
