5	Disclaimer: We're Showmars at Arrowood "regulars." For whatever reason, we got started eating dinner there every Friday night a year or so ago, and rarely miss one if we're in town (exciting life, huh?). Over that time, we've seen staff come and go, experienced their bad nights (and good), and managed to strike up a few friendships among the folks behind the counter and at the tables.That said, I can't say we've ever had a "bad" experience there. The food has always been consistently good and quickly served. Their fried seafood is among the best anywhere- bar none. My father from Charleston SC loved Showmar's fried shrimp and had to have some whenever he came to town.They also have an assortment of burgers (try the Old-Fashioned on a pita), chicken, salads, and Greek entrees. I have yet to have anything I wouldn't order again!Showmars is one of those places the locals know about, but chain-restaurant seekers would never try. Their loss.
4	Fast and friendly. The gyros actually taste like gyros. Although they don't fillem'  full of meat like they do up north. Their tender tips with onions and peppers is awesome. I always get filled up on the platter. Pretty good value and the people that work there are very nice and helpful.
4	The world's best fish sandwich! Well, at least in my world, I am not one to argue. Never fishy, always tasty and with extra tartar and coleslaw, oh boy I'm in heaven. Service is always excellent, and they have like a 100.5 rating. How is that possible? lolOther menu items are good too. Cheeseburger is pretty tasty, gyros are good, but salads sometimes have wilted lettuce.I love showmars.
5	I must profess my love for Showmars. There aren't many businesses that deserve 5 stars, but Showmars is on point. Everything is good. Customer service, all of the food and without a doubt, the undisputed star of the show - the Fish Sandwich. I've ordered it over 2 dozen times and each bite is as still as good as the first. The English language and Roman Alphabet alone cannot describe the satisfaction and pure bliss that it brings me. I wish you all could hear me and see my facial expressions. That fish sandwich my friends, with tartar and coleslaw really is the world's greatest.
4	Showmar's is tucked off the road on Arrowood at the intersection of Tyvola.  There's a steep drive in so watch out for bottoming out.  They have a nice selection of salads, sandwiches and gyros on the menu.  I opted for a gyro and it was pretty delicious and affordable.  The interior surprised me when I walked in.  I was expecting a tchotchke ridden decor.  It had a nice, clean diner vibe.  My order came out quickly and according to specifications, which seems to be rare during my recent lunch excursions.  Great spot for lunch, very enjoyable!
5	I'm giving Showmars 5 stars compared to other fast food places, but Showmars is more than just a fast food place.   The servers here are very friendly and even though it was noon and the place was very busy, I received my to go order quickly.  I got the gyro pita & fries ($5.75) along with an order of onion rings.  The gyro was pretty typical and very tasty.  It had lots of tomatoes a few onions and tzatziki sauce.  The fries are crinkle cut and a nice portion cooked crispy just the way I like them.  I got a large order of onion rings and by large they mean enormous!  It must have been close to entire onion in the styrofoam takeout box that was full.  The rings were the frozen variety, but tasty never the less.  I would definitely go to Showmars over other fast food places.
5	Can't go wrong with Showmars, which ever one you goto, they are all amazing in every aspect: Food, customer service, & speed.Can't say enough good things about how they run their business. Wish they would bring one up to NYC!
5	Always consistently good.  Try the All America Pita Burger.
5	So good! Jimmy and crew are so sweet. Food is good ! Fries are the best. Try the greek veggie pita if you don't eat meat. If you can resist the fries you're onto something. Wheat pita it my favorite.
4	I'm slowly becoming a fan of Showmars!This was my second trip to the restaurant and I had another great visit. The menu is posted on the wall, so you can see all the options that are available. There are always daily specials and you can eat in or take it to go!Everything is made to order, which is another great feature of this restaurant. So I opted for the daily special the chicken pita with french fries. The pita comes with very well seasoned and juicy pieces of chicken breast, lettuce and special tzatziki sauce...which is delicious! It's creamy and a very nice mix with the pita bread! The fries are crinkle cut and always HOT. I ask for seasoning on the side for an extra kick, but no matter what they are delicious!For a very reasonable price, you can get a great meal here, always hot and fresh and there's nothing wrong with that!
4	In the nearly seven years I've lived in Charlotte, I don't know why I've never given Showmars a try. That was a mistake. This is good food. And it's inexpensive. And it's served quickly. My take out order had all the stuff I needed when I got it home. And best of all, it was tasty!We had one order of the gyro dinner, which came with a good sized pile of sliced lamb and a delicious pita bread and a good sized pile of rice. And we had another order of the fried flounder, which had a shedload of crinkle cut fries. And ketchup. And tartar sauce. Everything you need for a great meal except the defibrillator.Can't wait to return!
3	I have been wondering where I could get Greek food in Charlotte since I grew up in Astoria, NY where Greek food was a-plenty.  I didn't even know what Showmars was even though I pass by it every day!  Thanks to Yelp, I checked out the reviews and decided it was worth a go for a quick meal close to home.Given that it's a cross between a diner and fast food, I was pleasantly surprised.  I had the souvlaki platter and my husband had a gyro sandwich.  They weren't the best we ever had, but they definitely did the trick to fills us up with plenty of leftovers.  The best part is that it's really decently priced.  A ton of food for less than $20 for the both of us.  Not bad!I will definitely be back!
3	Good value, pretty good food.  Can't beat that for a fast food diner place.  They have a number of different options to choose from with burgers to souvlaki and gyros.  Surprisingly, their onion rings are a decent sized side item, and they're better than most diners that serve the cheap frozen ones.The service is helpful there and you can go in and out pretty quickly, or stay as long as you need.  There are locations in multiple spots around town, so if they're consistent, will always be a failsafe spot for the Greek craving.
