3	My roommate and I ended up here last night when we wanted a meal that wasn't fast food at like 1am.  Beano's is one of the few local bars that serves food 24 hours.  Prices were great, with hardly a menu item over $10, but the food was pretty average.  The place wasn't really anything too memorable, but if I find myself hungry at that hour again, I would probably stop in again.  Meh.
4	This place is pretty nice for bar food and a draft, and they always seem to have the right games on with HDTVs.  Their portions are ample and fairly priced.  The $11 top progression payout I saw on a slot made me laugh, though.
3	Don't know why Beano's calls itself a casino...that's a little lofty statement.  What it is is a typical neighborhood bar with basic bar fare, slots and lotsa tv's.  What I liked:Their fried mushrooms (a huge plate of them) are served piping hot with ranch dip. Yumm-oReasonable prices, plus winning 60 bucks on 4 of a kind pd for dinner & the meager amount of gambling i do.Friendly staff.Easy to get to.Not so much:Their chips & salsa.  There's just something plain wrong and unnatural about eating chips dyed red & green artificially.  It even made the decent salsa taste bad.
3	If you want to get more BANG for your buck during these hard times, you should come and eat here. Some tips for those of you ballin' on a budget: Don't expect to be greeted when you come in, but please bet the place will smell like smoke. Secondly, don't sit there and expect you'll have a waiter. In fact, you might just have to nudge the bartender to take your order. Make sure not to plan anything after your meal, for the service is rather slow. Now, let's talk about the food. This is their hook-line and sinker! The food is worth the wait, if you are trying to live it up, thrifty-style. If you have lowered your expectations, then this place won't break your bank and it will leave you with more money to spend elsewhere.
3	From the exterior, this place looks like a complete dive.  Cheesy quotes on the message board out front?  Check.  Exterior that hasn't had a facelift in some time?  Check.  Tacky flashy lights?  Check.  Thankfully, Beanos is not.However, I'm a frequent late-night customer.  Why?  Good food at very reasonable prices, gruff bartenders that keep me laughing with dry commentary and ridiculous stories from various parts of Vegas and then some.  Nitro and Sleaze (yes, you read that right), are the regular night bartenders and don't let their demeanor scare your off; they make drinks strong and delicious with a dash of sarcasm.  One of my first nights there, I ordered a mojito from the server.  The bartender tells me that he would rather not serve it to me since they only have the mix and serving a mix didn't sit right with his standards, he'd rather make something else for me fresh that didn't come pre-made.  Props for that, dude.I enjoy their breakfast deals regularly, the wraps are good although make sure you get the dressing on the side, sometimes it's served with a heavy hand.  The place is closed around 4AM - 6AM on Monday nights for cleaning so heads up.If you're in the area and would like a cheap, yummy breakfast then Beanos is a good, safe bet!
5	Got to say up front, I love Beanos.  The food is an great value.  I can get a great grilled chicken sandwich with a load of beer batter fries plus a soda for 10 bucks!  The services is usually great (there is one server who is not the best, but the rest of the service more than makes up for her).One warning, the main room is the casino area and they are smoker friendly.  There is a side room that is smoke free.  Also, it can get very, very loud, especially during football season!
5	I have to give this place a 5 stars because to me, it is! My family and I live just around the corner and this is our go-to place when we want to have something yummy without all the fuss! Its a very casual diner and they have slots if you are interested in playing. They also have a Bar + TV's to watch the game!Whenever we got to Beanos, we always order their chicken wings with their beer battered fries. It is hands down the best wings I've ever eaten and the fries are just as good. Sometimes I even find myself craving for some more! Its not pricey at all, cheap and good. What's not to love about that?
5	My husband and I went into Beanos for breakfast this morning. We both ordered the Big Dixie which was 3 eggs, biscuits and gravy, country fried steak and your choice of potatoes. We both chose cubed potatoes. It only cost us $6.99 each. It was really really delicious! The waitress Marion was very efficient, one of he best waitresses ever. She was very sweet and very attentive. We drove past beanos SEVERAL times and finally we decided to go in and check it out. It was a very relaxed atmosphere. I didn't want to go anywhere that was too crowded for breakfast. (I am not a morning person grrrr). So I enjoyed the peace and quiet. The coffee was yummy! We will definitely be going back to Beanos. They also have a $3.99 breakfast deal if you are searching for cheap breakfast eats. Hope this review is helpful to you.
3	Beano's Casino. They serve up a good solid breakfast, and they do it relativelycheap. Nothing groundbreaking, nothing fancy, just a filling tasty breakfast withno pretense. A - OK. I'd eat there again.
3	The name of the place has always kept me from coming here.  I always associate the word beano with flatulence and the name indicates this is a casino.  In reality, this place has nothing to do with the additive that prevents gas and it's not a casino.  It is a neighborhood bar.  I liked the homey unpretentious goodness here.  Two things right off the bat - I appreciate the extra clean bathrooms with a rather pleasant air freshener and the booths are the most comfortable booths I have ever sat in.Stopped by here for breakfast.The breakfast was super cheap.  I had the corned beef hash.  It was pretty good.  The serving wasn't overly generous, but the price was right.  My eggs were cooked just right.  Decent service.This is mostly a cheap drinks, gaming, smoky sort of bar.  It is a bit dated inside.  It is kind of a low end neighborhood bar.  Not the kind of place to take people you are trying to impress.  More of the keeping low key - grab some beers or late night grub.  Decent breakfast.
4	I've lived around the corner from Beano's for years, and I've never stepped in the place. I recently read online that they have great wings, so after the BCS game became a joke, my friend and I decided to go check it out.I expected the place to be a smoky dive bar, so I was very happy to find it almost smoke free. There were only a couple people there, so I'm sure that helped, but there was no lingering smoke smells. My friend and I split 24 wings with four different flavors along with some cheese fries. The wings are incredibly meaty and delicious! We tried:General Tso - A nice heat, and pretty heavy ginger flavor. Almost too much ginger, but still good.Dracula's Kryptonite - Garlic. Lots of garlic. So good. Possibly better than BWW's spicy garlic.Beano's Butt Burner - Not nearly as hot as I expected. However, the flavor for this sauce was amazing. Hot, but not tear inducing. Perfect.Chipotle BBQ - Probably our favorite. The combonation of smoky pepper and sweet bbq sauce was awesome.The cheese fries were solid. Nothing to write home about, but decent.Service was great (this may be due to the fact the waiter was an former student of ours...), food was great, decor was what you'd expect. If you are there for the gambling, they do have a small bank of Fort Knox slot machines, and then the usual video poker machines around the bar.The only downside to this place is it's a bit pricey. 24 wings is about $25 bucks. A dollar a wing is a but much, in my opinion. I'd be there a lot more if they dropped the price a little.Still, for those times I'm craving a solid wing choice, and I don't want to drive up to Durango for BWW, Beano's will be my go-to place.
3	Great place for the neighborhood!!
4	Great bar food. Friendly staff. Alcohol :D
3	First time here noticed their sign for Valentine's special steak and shrimp for two for 34.99. It sounded like a good bargain and they didn't have a line out the door. Upon entering the first set of doors you are greeted by a weekly lunch and dinner specials bulletin board that could use a little tlc. The second set of doors lead to a softly lit bar area with a slight smokey aroma. There are booths and tables arranged along the walls and around two other bartop islands. There is another room with booths and half booths along the walls that can be used to escape some of the sound of the numerous tv's located in the bar area. We ordered the steak special after questioning the waitress as to the difference between the special steak meal offered and the normal flat iron steak offered in the favorites section of their menu. We were informed that the special was the same as the menu steak that is 12.99 but includes more because the special comes with soup or salad and a choice of shrimp served scampi, coconut , or fried. The wife ordered fried and I ordered scampi. I ordered my steak medium-rare, and the wife ordered medium well. They were really close on both hers to the well and mine to the rare. The menu steak says it came topped with shrimp, yellow onions, mushrooms and Swiss cheese. Our steaks came with some kind of very delicious sweet marinated red onion topping which made me totally not care it didn't have mushrooms or Swiss cheese. The scampi was a little lack luster kinda bland. Tasted like mostly a little butter,garlic, a lot of Lemon juice with Parmesan cheese sprinkled over cocktail shrimp. Overall it was a decent meal and a pleasant surprise when the check arrived and the waitress only charged us the menu price 12.99 for each steak meal. So with all that said I would eat here again and probably recommend it to family and friends.P.S. The bathrooms were very clean and well kept
1	I would like to preface this with....We don't get to go out often, but when we do , we choose Beanos. Its comfortable, warm and the food is great for the price, the best breakfasts .We are there almost every Saturday morn having our eggs and toast. We love the dinners and the ambiance. But tonite I don't think I would have ever been made to feel the way this Bartender (Mike) Made us feel. We have been going for about 2 years now and went this morn as welll. As we finished our breakfast we decided we would return for dinner to watch the NBA festivities and enjoy some fingers and fries and wings. Well to our dismay we come to find out this Bartender (Mike) does not allow NBA of ANY kind on His shift. We proceeded to ask why or if we could at least have the one TV facing us on the station..He approached and immediately said.."yeas NBA?..No"....."first of all we are a casino not a sports book and none of our bartenders allow NBA because it drops 'our numbers'.....which I replied I had been there on Friday nights often and had seen NBA on....."Well I...(emphasizing the I) dont allow it....it drops My numbers"...I replied..."you mean your tips.."...He continued to go on and say...Now this is the kicker.."we feel it draws the 'wrong element'..".....ELEMENT??? You mean hard working people who wanted a nice night out and enjoy a bit of basketball??...Please MIKE...explain to alll the people here what ELEMENT we are talking about???....I truly dont feel the owner would have the same feeling on a sport for that would be detrimental to their current clientele if it were known the owners feel that way as well....He actually chose to allow good loyal customers to leave..and waved as they walked out of the bar....the entire time I have never been made to feel like an outsider or part of a 'wrong element' in my life as I was tonite by the bartender (Mike) who the whole time was speaking at us as if WE were wasting HIs time....I will come to see the owner hears of this one way or another.....and hopefully recitfy this situation..
4	Have been visiting Beano's for many years. The food is consistently delicious, the staff extremely friendly and welcoming, and the atmosphere very low key. Last visit was shrimp cocktail, shrimp scampi fettuccine and Chicken Parmesan sandwich. Everything was delicious, large portions, and reasonable prices.
5	Love this place. Quick and friendly service and food is always good. Def will continue eating here
4	They changed the cubed potatoes!!! Booo!!! BUT, they have an app for their food club. There is a section that isn't smokey, and the service is great!
2	I have been coming to this place for over 4 years now but, it has gone down hill as far as service. Summary: the food is fair, the price is good, the service is poor (after 10pm when night shift takes over, multiple times waiting 20 minutes to get a menu when the place is completely dead)... Probably won't be coming back any more considering.
5	Great food, fast service, relaxed atmosphere. Super clean too. We love the burgers, our son had the garlic tenders and loved them, had to bring some home as he couldn't eat them all and he's a grown man who can eat a lot. I also love the wings and veggies. The salads are huge and tasty too. Enjoy !
4	Great bar food, friendly staff, and good drinks. Their food is generally a generous portion for a great price.Happy hour is fair but not that great.  Good place to stop by for a quick meal.
2	I used to really like this place, I haven't been in years but on my last visit it seems things have gone downhill. Beano's is a small bar/grill/casino. I used to come here when I was younger, as in under 21, and they used to have a dining room for families. I am not sure if the dining room is still open, but the doors were closed so we had to eat in the bar area. Now I don't like to eat where there is smoke, but it didn't seem too bad so we stayed. I ordered the Reuben sandwich which comes with 1 side. Your options are fries, mashed potatoes, onion rings, salad or veggies. I chose the beer battered fries. Boyfriend got the steak which came with 2 sides, he chose onion rings and mashed. The food came out quickly, but it was nothing to write home about. The Reuben was a just a sandwich that lacked flavor and it was pretty dry. I would order an extra side of thousand island nxt time. My bf's steak was not medium as he ordered, it was gray and tough. The onion rings were pretty good, but not good enough to make me come back.
