1	They have the rudest staff I have EVER dealt with at a fast food restaurant.  The food was good but I won't be going back to a place where I'm basically paying someone to be rude.
1	1 wordGhettoInstead of mopping up a spill, I witnessed several employees walk through it.  1/2 the staff playing around while watching how to reload the soda machine. A kitchen full of people, why in the hell sis my order take so long? Ain't nobody in the dinner room or the drive thru.
2	Having never been to a Popeye's before, perhaps a Tuesday at 7:00 pm visit with the hangries wasn't the time for a first shot, but nothing during this visit would cause me to visit again. If there is a fast food place with a bigger cluster*expletive* ordering/ retrieving area for dine-in, I have yet to visit it.  The ordering area (from any one of 3 ambivalent teens who don't want to be there), pickup area and the solitary Freestyle machine are all within about 15 feet of each other - WHAT A DAMN MESS!   To add to that, I waited and waited and waited, watching people who came in after me get their food, until I finally asked the manager to get my food for me, his overall demeanor left a lot to be desired.  I had been waiting 15 minutes by then for chicken strips, mashed potatoes and a biscuit, so I asked him to throw it in a to-go bag so I could get out of there.The strips (I got the regular, not spicy) were decent, the mashed potatoes are served with a watery chickeny gravy that I didn't care for but the potatoes were smooth and creamy, and the biscuit was hard/dry and overly salty.  None of the employees seemed especially jazzed about being there.  This is a pretty new business, so I would perk the eff up, lest another restaurant at this end of town be shuttered and then bulldozed.  With a Chick Fil A a couple of hundred yards away (or McDonald's), there is absolutely no reason for me to return to this Popeye's.  If I want a fried chicken experience, I will head to KFC or to DD Pecker's for some of their southern wings - this Popeye's was *GONG* a loser.
1	I was asked to pull over and wait on my chicken with the other half of my food getting cold! Not happy!
4	***Drive-Thru Review Only***Perhaps I just caught them on a good day....but I was very pleased with my visit to this Popeye's! I arrived a little before noon and the lunch rush hadn't started. I ordered the three chicken tenders (spicy) with fries and a drink. And of course included the the buffalo sauce for dipping! They asked for my name after I ordered which I didn't expect but thought it was a nice touch! When I pulled up to the the window she said my name took my card and thanked me for coming in! I was through in less than 5 minutes! And the best part of all....everything was HOT. The chicken, fries and biscuit. I really enjoyed every bite! But maybe I'm a bit bias because I've been a long time fan of Poppeye's but I'm definitely coming back for more!
5	What can I say, I'm definitely going back. The chicken was hot well seasoned and the shrimp po'boy sandwich was good. The Sweet Tea was great and I had to get a gallon for the house. The beans and rice are on point as well.  Enough said I will be back for many many more visits. This should cover eating in the dinning room and drive threw. My son loves it too. Its a winner.
4	Well, this die-hard Bojangles fan might just become a Popeye's girl. The chicken was flavorful and crispy, the fries were seasoned perfectly. The biscuit might be the only thing that Bojangles has them beat on, but even that wasn't bad. The drive-through employees were friendly and full of personality. I was really excited to try their dipping sauces, but they weren't offered and I forgot to ask. Oh well, just another reason to go back! I only wish it were closer.I do wish this location was easier to get into though- that lane that looks like an entrance? Yeah, it's an exit-only lane. And that other lane that looks like you can get in that way? Yeah, no, you can't. I had to go out onto South Boulevard and back in twice before I found the entrance.
1	Oh my goodness if there was another Popeyes like there is McDonalds in this area I would be going to another location. This location is constantly messing up orders and takes FOREVER! Seriously as long as this place has been open they should already have their crap together but they don't!
1	The worst Popeyes I have ever been to in my life. I went to the drive-thru at 10:20. I ordered my food and there was 1 car in front of me waiting for theirs. They ordered something else and it took an extra 15 minutes. Instead of having the car pull around, they didn't. I got up to the window and the cashier asked me what I ordered. Are you serious?? Then she magically found my order and said it wasn't ready. What a waste of time! I will never go back to this Popeyes. They have horrible customer service and are slow as shit.
1	Only car in drive thru I ordered my food they said hold a sec I waited 5 minutes no one got back to me as I watched 2 other cars go ahead of me in the second drive thru lane finally I pulled up they were like oh my bad what did you order so I placed it again paid then pulled to next window for them to tell me they are out of what I ordered and I could either wait 10 minutes or they can give me something else ! Then to top it off they told Me to pull around and they would bring it out to Me after 15 minutes waiting someone comes out and ask are you waiting on something? OMG I had to tell this person my order again so now this makes 3 times I had to order just to get my food!! Clear lack of Management here  last time here was just as bad so I waited several weeks before coming back and now this! Won't be visiting this location ever again.
2	The food was okay. Onion rings are good, but were served near room temp in this location. Shame.  They are tasty when hot. The experience. Ugh. Where's a no star when you need it?  First off, the floor was extremely greasy. Very dangerous. Yes, I realize they are a fried food establishment. Doesn't matter. Someone could seriously injure themselves in there. Either they aren't changing their mop bucket water often enough, they aren't using a strong enough degreaser or they flat out aren't mopping. The staff were all completely indifferent.  They only thing that seemed to excite them was cutting up with each other. Food was very slow. Request for ketchup was met with a scowl.  The salt and toothpick containers were empty and full of crumbs and long pieces of hair. From my seat I could see a worker  cleaning out her fingernails while standing over food.   Needless to say, I didn't finish much of my food after that. It's a real shame this location is so poorly managed. Popeyes, when done well, is a good dining experience with a tasty and original (for fast food) menu.
