4	Staples has a great supply of school supplies, office supplies, and even great software.  I was surprised to see the array of iphone and ipod accessories too.
1	The bathrooms were REALLY dirty, I couldn't find anyone to help me, and I waited at the cash register for some time before the cashier hung up his "personal" phone call to wait on me.
1	I love Staples, but this is the worst store. I frequent this one often, because of work. The employees never want to help.  It's hard to even ask someone for assistance. It's almost as if they're hiding! If you're lucky to find an employee, they most likely have a miserable look and roll their eyes as they walk away. Especially in the copy and UPS section.  It's unbelievable. There are many people who would love to have a job! My new routine is now to go to the Robinson store out where I live, right after work. I shouldn't have to go out of my way to avoid this place.  Please talk to your employees about customer service.
3	I went to Staples to buy a clipboard.  They had a great selection of clipboards with different designs and features, and the prices were good, too.   The staff was very friendly at the checkout line.  Overall, a good experience.
2	As far as a chain office supply store goes, this place will do.  Sometimes it is a little confusing when you come in here looking for an item you would assume would be located in one aisle but is actually half way across the store.  Asking a staff member here where this item is located is about as useful as looking online.The worst part about this location is that when you enter or exit the store you are hassled by panhandlers.  I assume they get better "tips" over here because no one has the time at neighboring Trader Joe's.
1	HORRIBLE EMPLOYEES AT PRINTING CENTEROrdered holiday cards from Groupon. Was told by an associate they would be ready on Monday evening, I drove 15 miles to the store on Tuesday morning and they were out of paper. Another associate said they would be ready Saturday.Received a call Thursday night, called back and spoke with associate who told me the photo paper would not be in until January. He said to re-order with card stock, free of charge. Gave me his word when I was concerned and worried. Called to touch base Friday morning, spoke with another associate who said Ryan and Aaron were wrong, my order could not be placed because using card stock would cost Staples too much.It's 2 weeks before Christmas and I don't have holiday cards that I took time to plan and create. I blame it all on poor business communication and bad employees.
2	Staples! I remember getting too excited as a kid coming here with my mom to buy school supplies. Composition books; #2 pencils; pens; coloring pencils; wide-ruled paper; and a shiny, new, colored binder! The store was brightly lit, very organized, clean, and well-stocked. The employees were happy to assist us, even though they were probably extremely stressed. There would be people in every aisle, at the Copy & Print Center, and at the computer and electronics department; in other words, Staples used to be pleasantly upbeat and reasonably busy.All this being told from my experience at a different Staples store.This Staples store is quite the opposite. I came here for the first time to mail something and to buy a couple items. I walk in and I'm hit with a sense of...hollowness. Sure, the aisles and departments are where they usually are (the layout of every store is similar) and they have items on display around the store. But I felt that there was no energy at all. I couldn't find more than two or three employees working in the store. The music coming through the speakers lacked color and spirit. Even the lights seemed dimly lit.I thought to myself, "Okay, well, maybe if I walk around some more, I'll find it is not so bad."Quickly, I realized I should have kept my expectations low. Not all the aisles were organized and clean. Some items were misplaced and/or mislabeled. The layout of the store seemed a bit clunky. For example, from the Copy & Print Department to the paper aisle, I have to walk past shelves of shredders and cardboard boxes, and maneuver myself around pallets of miscellaneous items that are on sale.I mailed my stuff, I got what I needed, and headed straight for the checkout area. Considering I was one of two or three customers there, I wasn't surprised to see just one person working the register.I'm actually a little sad to see a store that I have fond memories of in such a dilapidated state. I probably won't come here too often unless I need to mail something and I'm lazy to go to a UPS store.
