4	Marshalls looks like a traditional, older fashioned jewellery store from the exterior but you may be pleasantly surprised.I had mistakingly thought it looked a bit outdated, but they've got some lovely, delicate looking rings for as little as a tenner, Ortak necklaces and an interesting collection of second hand gold charms. A lot of their styles will appeal to older generations, but there are contemporary pieces if you look hard enough.Marshalls is also a functioning store that polishes, mends, customises pieces and engraves on request. The business is a Jack of all trades in that respect, but for the casual browser there are both timeless, modern and unusual trinkets to suit a variety of clinetele.
4	I agree with Marj, I was pleasantly surprised by this place. The staff were very nice and helped me look for a fake gift for my fake aunt, which if she existed she would be very happy.There was a tonne of beautiful second hand jewelry that I'm glad someone salvaged from Cash for Gold's evil furnace. Hope this place doesn't get swallowed by the bigger retail chains.
4	Are you stuck on a gift for a special lady- friendly?Does this lady-friend like jewerly?Is your budget under 20 pounds?My love-struck friend Neil thinks Marshals is a saviour. . He says that the people in there is also very helpful with choosing a piece, without being scronful about it. Although the stuff he bought for his lady friend is not my cup of tea as far as bling goes, she loves it and is happy, so that means the seas are calm, making us all happy and drama-free. (for now anyways).
3	Marshalls The Jewellers is a very traditional style jewellers stocking second hand jewellery as well as brand new pieces. They have an array of different styles that cater for various different tastes and they also do repairs.I'm not a huge fan of charm bracelets but I did notice a lovely selection of second hand charms which are much more appealing than the mass produced Pandora nonsense. They had a little martini charm that was just so cute and the prices were very reasonable too. They also have a small selection of Ortak, so if you're looking for Scottish themed jewellery for yourself, a gift or a souvenir, you can find it here. I like the traditional style of Marshalls, but I found most of the jewellery to be a little bit old fashioned and not so much to my taste. Still definitely worth a look though.
4	I think this is a great shop so felt i needed to highlight somewhere that seems really good at what they do, honest and good value.Its definately a bit more old fashioned and not slick like the 'trendy' jewellers but i think its all the better for it and their workmanship is first rate and prices very reasonable.
