4	The best reason to go is the awesome back patio at Bar St-Sulpice. This is the prettiest little beer garden you ever did see, surrounded on three sides by the four story ivy covered walls of the surrounding brick buildings. The patio/garden is filled with tables and chairs all surrounding a big tree and lit low. Of ample size, this corner of Montreal is easily one of my favorites.
5	This is quintessential Montreal.Bar is a misleading term. It's a huge outdoor terrasse -- "beergarden" for Yankees -- ideal for balmy summer afternoons after work with friends and coworkers. It easily seats five hundred, outdoors, inside, and on the front porch -- yet no douchey frat house vibe.Yes, this is the French side of St. Denis, my French is terrible, but so what? The pitchers are cheap and constant, the atmosphere is uplifting, and the ladies are inspiring... What more can a man ask for?Go for the pale blondes. I always do.
5	The patio of all patios! This bar goes on forever. Despite being crowded, you WILL find a table. Just keep walking. A white Sangria by the pitcher that makes you forget it's so cold in the middle of July.  Good for the day or the night. A great place to start your night of revelry or debauchery on St Denis.
2	OK, so the only good thing about this place in my opinion is the patio...it's rediculously large, so if you're a big group, you can likely always find a place which is nice...although, if you're looking to catch up with friends over quality beer, this isn't the place. Quite simply it's run over by overly drunk people quite often and the beer is bottom of the barrel standards...go across the street to st-bock for good beer and if you're lucky, you can sit in front as well!
5	A lot of different atmospheres inside depending on the floor level.  The backyard inside court is unique and immense. There's a lot of tables, some trees, and a giant water fountain. It's the ideal place to drink pitchers with the friends in summer. There's also 5$ poutines, wings, pizzas...
4	This place is HUGE and putting it in caps doesn't even do it justice. This place has a room for everyone, as long as you can dodge the waiters with jugs and the sea people.There's like 10 floors a couple patios, dancing rooms, lounging rooms and a ton of drunken people all around. If the front door gets backed up try the back but unfortunately I can't tell you how to get there.
5	This is easily the largest outdoor beer garden in downtown Montreal. Their back patio in the summer time is crucial and usually filled with good folks enjoying cheap pitchers among archways, stone fountains and ivy covered walls. The inside area is just as vast with four floors of pure awesomeness and balconies on each level. Different music marks each level and the outside stairwell is not for those scared of heights. When I was in University at McGill, St. Sulpice was always an obvious destination yet it manages to attract such a diverse crowd that it doesn't feel fratastic and douchey. It's basically every great bar you've known, thrown together to make a single awesome venue. If you visit Montreal, this should be on your list. If you live in Montreal, well then I'm just jealous.
5	So let me set the scene.  Mid-August, on holiday in Montreal.  We two American tourists are walking randomly along, just taking our time, drinking in the sights, smells, and sounds of the Latin Quarter in Montreal.  It's a warm afternoon, but not overly so.  Our first anniversary, and we're having a corker of a time, just being together in a foreign city, enjoying what life has to offer.  Then I spot...IT...over a garden fence, and I stop dead in my tracks. "The HELL is that?"Two enormous...people...who appear to be crafted from papier-maiche, gazing lovingly at one another.  "Oh, I've GOT to see what this is all about." My wife shrugs and follows, knowing as she does that once I have some damn fool errand in my head, it's madness to try to dissuade me. I approach to get a better look, and see that these two towering statues, like the Colossus of Rhodes, are no mere artist's renderings, but rather guardians which bear witness to a marvelous land: Saint-Sulpice. Saint-Sulpice: a vast, bacchanalian beer garden tucked inauspiciously into a side street, which, for someone from a puritanical city where such a thing would be looked on with horror and disgust by the city fathers, is a kind of promised land.  We take a table, and order a few frosty brews, relax, and play a game or two of rummy.  The servers are as relaxed as we are, but attentive, and fill our glasses when we ask, and vanish into the afternoon when they are not needed. Perhaps the highlight for me was the Jersey-Shore-esque bachelorette party which traipsed through, or perhaps it was just the relaxation of a huge outdoor patio surrounded by beautiful trees through which the sun shone while we enjoyed a lazy afternoon of gin rummy and good Canadian beer. Had it been a very hot day, however, the archway which constantly emitted a superfine mist of cool water, through which a heated patron could find relief, surely that would have been the oasis I treasured the most. Just knowing that some thoughtful publican had thought to install such a feature for his guests made me smile.  I love you Montreal, and Saint-Sulpice is one of the reasons why.
2	Gigantic yard, so many places to sit down and drink. But my drink had no alcohol in it.  I don't know what's wrong with this city, but I couldn't find one decent alcoholic beverage outside of beer.
5	This is THE patio to get your drink on on a hot, humid summer night. Cheap pitchers of Boreal, sitting by the fountain and taking in the city, god I love this bar. It's dingy and dark inside but the patio is a godsend: I love you Montreal, and Saint-Sulpice is one of the many reasons why.
2	Then we went to St-Sulpice which is basically the equivalent to the Library in Orlando or any other shithole bar where underage kids can drink. I should have known when we walked in and they were asking for IDs (the drinking age in Montreal is 18). They should really invest in a garbage can in the bathroom as evidenced by the one of many piles of paper towels in the picture below.I will give credit to St-Sulpice for their awesome terrace with a great view of St. Denis. However, it doesn't make up for the out of place goth music and the obnoxious patrons.
4	This place is huge and has the most amazing patio. Unfortunately, we had dinner reservations and couldn't spend much time here.Stupid us sat at the main bar inside, but we kept seeing people going through the bar and out through a back door. It wasn't until we were ready to leave that we decided to have a lookie-loo and see where everyone was going.What we found was the most amazing garden patio. Think New Orleans garden patio, but 10 times bigger, with bars and trees and tables and benches. I wish we could have spent more time here, but we had to run.I've bookmarked it though, and I will be back.
5	I was visiting Montreal from Toronto for 5 nights and Yelp led us to Le Saint-Sulpice on a Friday night after an excellent dinner. At first my friend and I sat inside because the place seemed rammed and we saw a 2-person table open up. My initial reaction was of a very young crowd (i.e. fresh undergrad students) and a bit of a grungy, alternative vibe. After having out first beer we decided to venture onto the interior courtyard patio that people raved about on Yelp.They are ALL RIGHT. What a spot. The courtyard is huge and has plenty of space for groups of 2 to 15 (seated) or even more if you stand. The walls must be about 8 stories high on 3 sides and a little shorter on the other, with ivy crawling up all 8 stories.The crowd is lively, the servers are attentive, the beer is affordable, and the setting is wonderful. If you're in university or if you want to re-live some moments from your foggy youth, this is a great spot to do it.
1	Not sure what the single dollar sign is about. My husband and I came here after 3 broissures to find cheap drinks and it was more expensive. The service was good and the patio was nice but unless they have some killer after dark specials or weekend deals these guys are just as expensive as trois and the quality is half as good.
3	Came here on a Sunday afternoon/evening during jazz fest. Not too crowded along front patio during the day; backyard beer garden filled up as the night wore on.Hamburger ($4.25) and chicken caesar wrap ($5.50) were ok, if nothing special. Liked the homemade mayo that came with the fries ($3.75).Service was uneven; probably quicker to go up to the bar to get served. And the separate order takers for drinks and food was weird and confusing.The star here is the huge backyard beer garden--you have no idea how big it is back there when you're out front. Good place to chill with a group of friends on a nice summer nite.
4	This place was pretty cool. It consists of 4 floors, 2 of which have a dance floor (basement and 4th floor). Each floor has a bar, the 3rd floor has a library... it's kinda weird.. I guess if you come in the day time you could bring your books to study, unless you can party and study at the same time lol.I didn't order any drinks, but my friends got a pitcher of beer for a decent price. Another friend have gotten a mixed drink and the bartender got mad at her because tips are expected and if you don't give them enough they get pissed off. The dance floor in the basement is a small area next to the bar with a TV. The top floor has the dance floor spread out everywhere. The Canadians don't know how to dance at all. It was pretty funny to watch. Also, it smells terrible on the top floor due to the mixture of sweaty people and weed. Everyone is smoking outside on the patio. I couldn't stand in that room for more than a minute.The backyard of this place is amazing. It's connected to like 2 or 3 other bars. It seems like Le Saint Sulpice is a big party frat house. Some of the kids hanging outside the place looked so young. My goodness... they were completely blasted out of their mind on drugs. It was really sad.. He couldn't even stand up without holding onto a tree. And his friend just stood their, laughed at him, pushed him around, and took pictures of him. It's a cool place to check out, have some beer with your friends in the backyard and go dancing in a sweaty, and humid room. If that's your kinda thing, then go for it. As for me, I don't think I'd come here again. It's just not my kinda place.
4	Very busy on a Friday night, place is huge...good drinks and lots of pretty french canadian locals running around acting crazy, place is A ok.
3	I wish I could rate saint-sulpice higher. it's a huge establishment--like three or four floors.I came on a night they were having a free improv show (en francais, mesdames et messieurs!), which was definitely a fun time. the parts I understood were hilarious...the parts I didn't understand were funny too (choice body language!).unfortunately, I was pretty disappointed with two things:1) I walked in looking for my friends who said they were at the improv show. I didn't know it was all the way on the top floor, so I wandered around on the first floor for a while, searching. eventually a guy came up to me and asked "tu cherches quelque chose?" ("you're looking for something?") to which I tried to explain the situation in french. my french isn't horrid, but you can definitely tell I am not a native speaker. he cut me off mid-explanation and said "I CAN SPEAK ENGLISH TOO, YOU KNOW" in a really offended voice. I'm sorry I tried to reply in the language with which you started the conversation. jesus. calm your balls, I'm sure your english is fine. don't need to get all angry and defensive.2) upstairs was crowded due to the improv show. I didn't see any coatracks (maybe my eyes were failing me) but just hooks or something for jackets would be nice...it was pretty stuffy and hot in there, given the crowdedness.
3	Ohhhhh Saint-Sulpice. What I like to call my 'first-year' stomping ground. This place is a university bar mixed with St-Denis chic with a little trashy Quebecois-ness thrown in for good measure. This place has the largest patio EVER, its really quite grotesque (in the best way possible) and its always teeming with people in the summer. It makes for the perfect place to sit on a hot summer's night and refresh with a pitcher or a pint. The inside itself is equally massive. The facade is deceptive, you think 'oh that looks like a cute little bar,' until you realize this place spans like a city block and goes on for many floors. The basement is a mixture of coat check-club-bar. The floor doesn't know what it make of itself but it seems to be where the drunkest people congregate. The second floor is the main floor and it features another bar, with bathrooms, and rooms where people sit and drink with table service. There is another floor, the 'library' floor which is this odd combination of library and drinking room. But its where people sit to drink and chat. Now, the final floor is perhaps where things get most interesting. This is the straight-up 'club' floor with its own bar, dancing platforms, and smoking room. There is nowhere to sit and its pure Dirty Dancing Havana Nights. The discotheque tends to be get packed, sticky, and raunchy. Which are qualities that are really best suited for the really inebriated. They have a patio so you can duck off for a quick smoke and the hit the floor soon after if you're so inclined. The crowd is really a bizarre mixture of people. Gangsters, slutty Anglophone girls, American tourists who stumbled across the first watering hole, Quebeckers from the east end, some gays, some Latinos, Arabs, etc. etc. There is no 'typical' clientele at this place and it plays to every niche you could think of. Attention girls: most of my girlfriends agree this place attracts the 'aggressive' types unlike any other bar/club in the city. There are guys on the prowl here and they're looking for ass. So be forewarned (maybe because theres a strip joint across the street??) you'll be groped. But: the drinks are cheap cheap cheap. Make sure you ask the bartender for the nightly specials. They often have draft beer for like $2.50 which is pennies compared to most places. I always stick to beer/shots here if only because the bartenders could not make a proper mixed drink to save their life. Also, it TIP the bartenders. They're VERY aggressive about tipping--I guess cause many people don't--and they will flat out ask you to tip/give more money if they're not satisfied. $2/drink is the minimum. Now, if you DO tip you'll get great service for the rest of the night and they'll come to you first even if they're faced with a bar full of other patrons. So open your wallets to enjoy friendly bartenders and plentiful drinks. It helps to speak French here too (like most places in Montreal) for all you bilinguals in the crowd.
3	This place is awesome for drinking beers on the huge terrace, and on a summers day its sweet. If you are buying anything other than pitchers you are probably paying too much (including the food).I went there with a large goup and at the beginning it was great, but towards the end of the night this place starts to turn a bit dark. After 1am most of the children that are new to drinking, and some of the older ones that too used to drinking start to throw their toys and get a bit loose. Awesome place if you are early twenties and looking for somone to stumble home with, otherwise be gone by midnight.
4	This place has been around forever! It has multiple floors with tons of place to party. There is a huge terrace out back that can sit maybe 100 people or more. So on a hot summer it is really one of my favorite places to go. On the weekends the top floor is pretty much a dance floor. I think they even have a karaoke night in the basement, not sure which night though. All in all this is a really fun place, if you live in Montreal you've probably already been there or heard of it. So take a look you won't be disappointed.
4	Thank you, Le Saint-Sulpice- especially our cute, friendly waiter for introducing me to poutine- for showing us what a great Montreal time is all about on a Saturday night!As mentioned in other reviews, the outdoor terrace is huge, huge, h-u-g-e, crammed with hundreds of other Saturday night revelers, and l-o-u-d. It feels like one ginormous party with people flowing in and out of the terrace, between the tables and seats hoping to grab one, and up and down the stairs to its many floors. Now about the food and service:There are separate servers for food and drinks. The servers in red are for drinks, and the ones in blue are for food. You place your order, they come back with it, you pay/tip on the spot, then enjoy what you ordered. Is this a Montreal thing? Whatever it is, I think it's a great system: get the bill/tax/tip crap out of the way with the group you're with then enjoy your drinks/meal.Our drink server was all right, but our food server was incredibly friendly (and very handsome, but unfortunately that can't be a factor in my yelp review)  who recommended we tried poutine when we asked him for a unique Montreal dish, and gave us other restaurant recommendations-even going out of his way to look for them and mark them on our maps. Thanks! :)The poutine (french fries, cheese curds that go squeak-squeak when you chew them, according to waiter cutie, and gravy) was pretty good, with a heavy dose of gravy that transported me back to memories of Thanksgiving, although when I tried it somewhere else known for their awesome poutine, the gravy wasn't so Thanksgiving-ish. Our group liked this place so much, two of us went back the next night around midnight and ordered a pitcher of sangria, kicking back near the fountain. Since it was a Sunday night, the atmosphere was slightly less rambunctious but lively nevertheless (but no waiter cutie in sight... oh well).
1	- Food arrived cold- Waiter forgot to order plates from the kitchen- Nachos were burnt and nasty- No mayonnaise in the kitchen (???)- Prices were WAY too high considering the food's quality- Waiter refused to take food backNEVER GOING BACK. There are MUCH better pubs to get a good beer n burger.
3	Dear lord the patio at this place in the summer time is ridiculously awesome.  It's a very large outdoor area in back of this bar.  You want to stick with beer here as the drinks are more watered down than their beer.It's got a really good vibe in the summer and you can just hang out and chill.  The staff aren't the most attentive but what do you expect when you're in a football field sized patio?  Ok maybe it's not that big but still you get the picture.The bar normally sucks in the winter but in the summer I don't think there's many places I like sitting around in the afternoon with a cold beer in hand in MTL.
3	I hadn't been here for 7 years - someone tell me, did this place go downhill or was I just a really drunk 21 year old who mistakenly thought this place was kind of classy?I brought my husband here for a drink and, seeing the look on my face, said, "I'm guessing you remembered this place as being a little nicer?" Didn't matter much, they had what we wanted - beer. I first tried ordering a cocktail but they didn't have the liquor I requested...again, not a classy place.We had to move tables because our plastic chairs were seated directly over an anthill and the bathrooms were cramped, smelly and very dirty...yep, make no mistake about it - this is a dive bar.All that aside, we had a nice little afternoon drinking a pitcher of beer next to a fountain surrounded by chatter and laughter. My husband summed it up best, "This place is kind of gross, but if this was in Vancouver, I'd be here every day."
3	It's an ok place.  Large area all around. Several floors. Good size patio in the front.  Even larger patio in the back. Kitchen opens at 7pm :(.  Had to pay waitress up front. I dropped in during the day on a weekday. Looks like it could be a happening place at night. Only reason I'd drop by is for the patio if no alternatives are available.
4	I wish I had this bar in my city (Boston) all the time. Went here last summer and completely envied everything about it...Different style floors for different groups/types of hanging out - the library themed section has hundreds of vintage magazines to cruise through - as well as more packed low-lit dance floors (top floor I believe), karaoke rooms, multiple bars in each area... AND a gigantic back deck all the way up each floor and sprawling out the back. We found a table in one of the front balconies and camped out there for the night. Seriously such a good view and really memorable night.I don't blame anyone for complaining about the drinks, but it seems like they hit their demographic perfectly: any beer you can imagine, any quantity, pitchers suggested. Now that's a recipe for success if you ask me.I can't wait to go back as this is one of the most memorable bars I've been to in Montreal. And seriously - why don't we have one of these in Boston? Anyone got an answer for me??
3	Having been to this place in both summer and winter I can say that the best part of is the patio.  In summer it is really nice to sit out there.  Apart from that though it's no different from any other bar.
2	Okay place, but watch out for the bar tenders who do funny math and ask you if you are sure that you want your change back. I suppose those are 'typical bar-tender tricks', but it's never fun to feel like you are being ripped off. Tsk tsk.
5	My friends and I visited this bar on a Saturday night while visiting Montreal for the jazz festival. This bar was the best one I visited during my stay.The bar is huge with tons of different sections of the bar to hang out at. There is a ton of outdoor seating if you'd like to hang out and not have the music drown out the conversation you're trying to have. But if you'd also like to be in a room where you can dance and listen to music, they have a section of the upstairs dedicated to that. The drinks are fairly priced and the staff is attentive and helpful. If you choose to sit outside, they have waiters that can come to take your drink order and they are always there when you need another.I wish there was a bar like this in the Hoboken/NYC area!
3	Holy cow, the beer garden in this place is huge.  I couldn't find the people I was looking for, so I guess that was a bad thing in my case.  Looks like it could be a fun time, but it wasn't for me!
3	Its all about the Terrace, its huge , a great place to chill out and get away from the hussle and bussle of the city and relax. Dropped in here a few times for a large Pitcher of beers or two, definately worth a visit  when your in Montreal
5	Le Saint-Sulpice is an open environment - everything from the indoor atmosphere to the basement karaoke to the giant outdoor beer garden. Every time I think about Le Saint-Sulpice, I'm overwhelmed with the awesome memories I've had here.Le Saint-Sulpice is arguably the biggest bar/club I've been to. It has 4 floors plus a basement and beer garden out back. There's karaoke in the basement on some nights and a dance floor at the very top floor. The rest is mostly chill indoor space, although they do have mini-patios on many of those floors. It's crazy, this place has everything. The drinks were cheap, the people were fun, and the nights always crazy.
2	as a university student back in my days, this place was awesome! the huge terrace, the cheap booze and most of all, all those girls going crazy on the dance floor during initiation week.but when you revisit as a grown adult, turns out, it wasn't so great. alcohol is still affordable. as for service, i had to hunt down a waiter/waitress 'til i had enough and went straight to the bar. if you forget to tip? watch those waiters magically appear and hunt you down like you stole something..with many great bars around, it's hard recommending this place
4	Place is awesome! Wish we didn't wait till our last night in Montreal to go here!
2	The first time I went to this place, it was on a beautiful summer afternoon. My boyfriend and I sat on outside and had an incredible time. We decided to go but with friends this time and we can't say the same the second time around. The service was horrible. The large outside terrace was packed. When my group finally spotted a decent spot to accommodate us all, we were told to move to another table (where we couldn't even move our chairs back) because the table we had chosen was in the way of the waiters/waitresses. We understood that it might have been in the way however that's where the staff had set them up, not us. We finally sit where they pointed to and about 10 minutes later, a group of people sat at the table we initially wanted and that was supposedly in the way. AND NO ONE SAID ANYTHING TO THEM! No one asked them to move to another table because THEY were in the way. Did not feel welcomed at all!Then we wait about 30 minutes for a waitress to come to our table, we didn't wait any longer, we just went inside to get our drinks. But the new table beside were served as soon as they sat down.I can't help to think that because we were a group of visible minorities we weren't treated the same way as the Caucasians the were served right away or that were "allowed" to sit at the table that was supposedly in the way. Definitely felt the discrimination from the staff here and will not be going back. I hated this place. There are much better bars in Montreal to check out.
5	This bar is massive! There are multiple levels and areas to post up and enjoy a beverage or two.My hubs and I had our summer holiday in Montreal this year, before departing we spoke to friends and acquanintances in search of the places that rated highest for them, touristy places and non. Le Saint-Sulpice came up time after time. We actually rented a place right up the street from here so we walked down there to check it out. We were on holiday during the week of rush I think, I say this due to the fact that there were hordes of matched t-shirted youngens running about singing and having an overall jovial time.  As we walked down Rue Saint-Denis we could hear and see many of these groups getting amped up. When we arrived at Saint-Sulpice I was surprised there wasn't a long line to get in nor a cover, on what would be one of the best nights to rake in the money from a door charge. I forgot I wasn't in LA anymore!We made our way to the second level and reviewed the massive drink list, which contained a lot of shots. If my memory was better I would totally try to describe it, but getting old sucks. We grabbed a shot and a beer and headed to the garden patio in the rear. We posted up at a table next to a fountain, it is such tranquill space to share a drink or two. This bar is massive, as I said before, it has many rooms that are equally as beautiful to hangout in for a time. If I lived in Montreal I would probably stop in for a drink weekly, during the summer months of course. Not so sure how comfortable this bar would be in the winter months. I look forward to making a return visit and next time I will try to remember more helpful details.
