5	Joe and his staff have been very helpful.  We have no complaints about the service or team.  Several years ago we had a serious flood issue and a team was dispatched to work the situation almost immediately!
1	This place sucks!!! Joe Baselice is an incompetent moron....at least thats the only conclusion I can come to since we never got to speak to him in 6 years. This office is a nightmare of incompetence. They will screw up your paperwork causing you penalty....they will ignore your phone calls......they will not return phone calls as they say they will. They are unapologetic and unprofessional. They overcharged when we added a second vehicle to our insurance plan so badly that they cost us over $120.00 in overdraft fees. Because of this the bank actually reversed those charges but farmers will now be seeing us in small claims court after they decided to short us again of a couple hundred dollars  when they finally sent our refund for the time paid after cancellation. We had great service for 16 years in Northern Arizona with farmers Insurance but the crap we have endured from Joe Baselice and his Farmers office has been an abject failure completely caused by this offices work practices....or lack thereof. We contacted Liberty Mutual and spoke with Tim Allen directly....within half an hour we had a new plan with better coverage and a savings of over $1200.00 a year. We had some follow up questions and again it was Tim Allen himself who spoke with us....not a know nothing desk girl....who is probably chewing gum and twisting her hair with her finger. See you in court Joe.
1	You have to understand that this is not the only Farmers agency that screws the common folk.  For a wind damage roof claim, they send out Mr. Zero six days after the storm to AZ from TX, and the guy comes up with some lame reasons for a complete denial of a $25,000 claim.  Think long and hard before you ever associate with Farmers in AZ.  I guess they do not think dust, 70 miles/hour wind and torrential rains can do any damage to your roof.  Stay away from them and you will not be sorry.
