2	The IHOP is another one of those places that I just don't get, and I don't really understand why, because I make pancakes frequently enough at home.  They have a decent menu and all - in fact it's pretty hefty.  But I can sit there and page through it time and time again without being able to really find something that I crave.  So I end up ordering something that I don't care for, then I get something I don't care for, and eat something I don't really want, and end up unhappy.The good news about this particular location is that the staff is nice, but the bad news is that the service can be really, really bad.  Most IHOP locations will have a line at the popular times - usually on Sundays after breakfast.  But this one has a line all the time, even when the restaurant isn't full.  Even if you should get a table, you'll end up waiting.Servers will often keep your glasses full, but that's about it - and don't plan on talking to a manager about it, because they will do everything they can to avoid you.  We watched the table across the divider from us ask - over and over again - if they could speak to the manager.  This went on for probably half an hour, and as soon as they gave up and left, the manager came out.  It was pretty bad.The quality of the food is good enough (if you can find something you like), it's just that the service here is pretty bad.
2	I've lived in Charlotte for nearly half my life and have gone to this location for about a decade now. I always get the same thing The Country Omelet. Back in 2002-2006 they actually had a great manager at this location I actually knew him and think the quality of service and staff was a lot better when he was there. I think this IHOP has gone down hill over the years the staff isn't as professional as they once were and the food is just ok. However when they advertise a $4.99 special for breakfast you really shouldn't expect eggs Benedict. My husband and I decided to stop by the other night for dinner. My husband loves the Chicken fried chicken and we were disappointed to find out that IHOP no longer has this on their menu. I was kind of shocked because that's always been a stable go to for me. I'll also note this in the tips. If you're a people watcher like me then this is the place to go to in Matthews. I noticed over the course of our 40min meal that four waitresses made themselves large cups of chocolate milk and then took breaks in their break room, which is through the double doors going into the dish washing room. Also, while the wait staff was waiting for the food to come out from the kitchen they kept yelling Happy Birthday over and over again to one of the waitresses. It was a little annoying to hear Happy Birthday every 5 seconds yelled in the kitchen but I guess I can understand that every work environment needs some morale boosting. Overall the food was pretty good for the price but I've had better at IHOP. I do have to agree with Annie about the hash browns. In the country omelet you get hash browns and mine we're hardly cooked prior to going in the omelet.
3	I've been to this IHOP a couple times, usually on Sundays... sometimes we beat the Sunday "church" crowd, and sometimes we get stuck in it.  Overall, this IHOP puts out decent food, my only complaint is the wait times and sometimes the service due to it being slammed.  I'm sure if we attempt to go anytime other than a Sunday, my service experience would be a lot better.This past time I went with a friend and we waited about 15min for a table... when we were escorted to our table, the table was meant for 4 people and then there was no chair on the other side.  That that I didn't want to get cozy with my buddy, but it may look weird if two guys were sitting side-by-side at a table meant for 4 people!  When we asked for a chair, the hostess looked at us with a puzzled look, but then obliged and pulled the chair from the adjacent table.  It took a while for our food to come out, but you can see the kitchen was slammed....  the food lasted about 5 seconds as I inhaled it into my mouth.
2	We were lucky to get seated right away - this location is typically packed all day and night. Service was friendly and took care of us. The food was fine but plating was off with the food not taking up the whole plate! I almost felt like I was getting ripped off because only about 1/3 of the plate had food. I got the smokehouse sausage, which was full of smokey goodness with eggs and hash browns. Having hot sauce on each table is a definite plus.
3	Another big box breakfast joint, what can I say, all the standard. It is just off a major highway, so unless you arrive before 830am or so on the weekend, be prepared to wait. If you want more detail just see my review for the IHOP in the Charlotte University area. The difference here is that the service is down a notch or two. While the service at the University location is at a minimum competent , it really can be lackluster here. I'm not expecting Brown Derby level service either, but I would like our coffee urn to be kept filled, and for our orders to be brought out together.
4	Here on 4/28/12Decent food for breakfast . Colorado Omelettes was better than anticipated . Had potroast, bacon ,ham ,sausage , and cheese stuffed into and on top of the omlette. Coffee was ground and brewed here and served in the gold pot kept on our table. Syrup served warm in a clean, non sticky caraf. Very good !
3	It is an IHOP and they are all pretty much alike. This one is o.k. as to when you go and who is cooking at the time. It can be really really good or really really bad. I would say what times we have been to this one that it has favored the good like 75%. We would go again as it is close to us as long as there isn't to much of a line. It can be a fairly long wait on the weekends. Parking runs out quick.
4	Ate here for lunch with my Mom.  She ordered the crepes while I got the cinn-a-stack french toast.  Though they seemed to pack a lot of Cinnamon between the french toast slices (to which I scrapped some off), it was very good.  My mother also enjoyed her crepes with strawberries.  The staff was friendly and the facilities were clean.   Compared to other "IHOPs" I have been, I felt I made no mistake here, it was good.
3	melts are pretty tasty
2	This place is always packed. Why? Am I missing something? Someone please tell me! I have only been for Breakfast and it's moderate at best. That morning I had scrambled eggs which I truly believe were a week old, turkey bacon which was grossly undercooked and pancakes which were light, fluffy and very tasty.The service was good. Our waiter was a little shy, probably his first gig but still very nice, polite and attentive.The opinion at the table was the pancakes ruled and everything else was unacceptable. With that said, I honestly can't see myself frequenting this place often just for pancakes. I need more to choose from. That's why I ask you to please tell me what I'm missing. Why do so many people frequent this place? Is there a secret menu I don't know about? Am I visiting at the wrong time? What? Tell me!
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. A friend and I decided to stop and try the stuffed french toast. We're chatting away waiting for our food and drinking and here comes a cockroach running across our table. I immediately grabbed my purse and stood up. Our waitress came over and was just as shocked as we were and kept apologizing (she was new so I'm sure she had no idea). We told her that it wasn't her fault and we wanted to cancel our order and leave. We spoke to the manager on the way out and he seemed like he wasn't surprised when we explained what we saw. Thank God we didn't eat. The only thing nice about this place was our waitress. Will never go back though. That ihop has been there for a very long time, it's time to clean and remodel or shut it down.
1	I would give it zero stars if that was an option. I had the $6.99 two egg plate with bacon, a fruit bowl and toast. The eggs were literally the only thing that was edible. The bacon I was served was 100% fat and pure white and was served totally undercooked. I sent the bacon back complaining that it was not cooked and when my bacon was served a second time it was served as a shriveled skinny strip of white fat. It is ust pathetic that IHOP serves this to people. This tells me that IHOP is cutting corners on costs and buying the cheapest quality food from their suppliers. On to the bread...it was not toasted.....simply served as soggy bread due to the butter. Finally, the fruit as saturated with vinegar. By the time we left the church crowd was giving this establishment more than it could handle and the money was rolling in.......I just ask WHY? My recommendation? Go to Cracker Barrel where you will not be served the lowest denomination of food quality.ZERO stars.
5	I hate going to ihop but my sister is a big fan so we always go if she can convince me to leave the house. We're always treated well and if there were problems, it would get fixed right away.The other day, our waitress was named Dalilah. She served us several times before and was always nice and refilled our drinks without us having to call out to someone.
1	Not many places motivate me in such a way that I feel compelled to walk out but say for 40-minutes, at least 25 of which were unattended.  The 25-minutes were order-to-walk out.
4	As I-Hops go, it is pretty typical.  My wife loves getting breakfast there at all times of the day.  I've had both breakfasts and lunches ..mostly sandwiches.  nothing great, but it's passable.  The waitresses are usually good, cheerful, and attentive ( tho occasionally you get a clinker ..but that happens everywhere).  These are hard working ladies so leave them a reasonable tip.
1	Very poor service. We came at around 8 am and not very busy, but the service was slow and substandard. After being seated for about 10 minutes, we sat watching another table, who came well after us, received service before us. Once the waitress came to our table, she never introduced herself, but only ask if we're ready to order. She didn't bring out creams for the coffee or straws for the water and juice, we received the creams after we asked for them but not the straws. As for the napkins, we had to use the ones that hold the utensils. After we received our food, it was literally no more than 5 minutes, when she came back and put the check on our table. And here's the best part, as she walked away she asked us if everything was ok, and did not pause for even 1 sec to hear our response. And that was the only time she ever "checked" on us.
5	What is there to say about IHOP?Food is always consistent and hot.  It's cheap eats.  Service is always quick and polite. This location, however, stays busy.  Give them a plus for being located next to Krispy Kreme Doughnuts.
3	Your basic IHOP, if in a somewhat challenging location on Hwy 74 and like every other greasy spoon in Charlotte, operated by Greeks.Of chief note is that the ham-n-cheese omelet was a proper omelet -- multiple layers of beaten egg encasing the filling, not just scrambled eggs folded twice and dumped on plate. Also, the hash browns were cooked to crunchy in spots, rather than left raw in spots. My preferred approach.Watch where you park and lock up as there are some sketchy motels about, but this'll do in a pinch.
