5	A Jersey girl in a cowboy bar...One would never think.  However, this Jersey girl checked out the newest restaurant/nightlife addition to Old Town Scottsdale...Saddle Ranch Chop House.  And I have 2 words...LOVED IT!  This restaurant/bar first garnered attention in Hollywood.  I didn't have the opportunity to eat there, but I did enjoy a frothy beverage!  The patio is big...and the selling point is a mechanical bull!!  Great western bar, fun atmosphere and a bull!I will update my review once I eat there.  But you must go!!**UPDATE***  GO ON SUNDAY BRUNCH!!!  $1.99 Mimosa and Bloody Mary's....The food is good too!
3	We were driving around looking for a place that would serve us a Saturday brunch at 2pm and gave up before coming here. I had already geared up for lunch, but was pleasantly surprised to see breakfast options on the menu.The first thing our nice, friendly, patient waiter did was offer us their bloody mary/mimosa special.  $1.99 for a cocktail until 3pm!  I happily took the traditional bloody mary.  It was good.  In fact, I ended up with two by the end of the meal.  Nice and toasty for less than 4 bucks.  He had the big big blue drink. lol.The bf had the huevos rancheros and it was a pretty good one.  Large, and could easily fill two people.  I had the tequila chicken omelette.  Yes, I could taste the shot of tequila!  Good, but I was wondering where my avocado went.We saw someone's sweet potato casserole get carried by.  The oozing toasted marshmallows overflowing the dish convinced us that we had to have an order.  It surprisingly came quickly, and though my bf enjoyed it, I was disappointed by the powdery texture of the potatoes.  I ended up just picking off the toasted marshmallows. Those were good.We also witnessed a giant heaping of nachos go by.  The stack could feed an army, luckily it was being shared by two people.If you're looking for reliable dishes that come in generous portions at very very affordable prices, this is the place for you.  We were stuffed. (and almost hammered :))
4	Saddle Ranch is a welcome addition to old town. This place has been consistently busy since it opened recently. I have yet to dine here, but late at night it is fun to get plowed while watching people get tossed off the mechanical bull. It has a cowboy theme, but the music is far from country (thank god), and the bar crowd is definitely hip.No dance floor - Yea!!!
4	I would have given this place five stars, but...I went with a large group of friends while we were in town for Spring Training (Go Giants!).  I felt the service was great.  Our waitress made sure our drinks were never empty and the food arrived quickly after ordering it.  With a group of seven of us eating, nobody had complaints, which is rare.Now for drinks...I had the S.R.A.M.F.  I had to get it because I had no clue what the acronym would stand for.  Our waitress quickly filled me in: Saddle Ranch Adios Mother Fucker.  Now who can pass up a drink with a name like that?!?!The drinks were good...typical prices for a bar.  Food was reasonably priced as well.  Oh yeah,  I also got a kickass pirate cowboy hat for only $29.99.  Am I a tourist?  Hell yeah!  Did the hat kick ass anyway?  Absolutely.Now, for the -1* part.  The Saddle Ranch had a mechanical bull riding contest.  It looked like fun, but I wasn't drunk enough yet.  So...two friends of one of my friends on the trip decided to jump on the bull.  The first one on ended up dislocating her left thumb.  She got off the bull and asked the staff to help her put it back in place.  They refused.  She ultimately had to ask her friend to put it back in its socket.  That was gross.At any rate, the bar staff were less than helpful.  She was half joking about it at the bar and the bartender said some rude crap to her.  It's a shame, because we had an otherwise excellent time at that spot.  I'll probably go back next year when we're in town for Spring Training, so until then this review stands.  If I go back, I'll update it then.
3	Eh.It's alright. If you want to have a couple of drinks and watch chicks make complete fools of themselves on the mechanical bull, be my guest.  For food and other, don't bother.I suppose the crowd is a nice change of pace amongst Old Town's usual suspects but if you go expecting a bunch of cowboys (and cowgirls), best to turn around and go up north.  Somewhere.  Far.The food's crap, the service (at least the server we had) was nice but a little slow (or deaf? or on something?). I will give it 3 stars, 1 for crowd, 1 for entertainment, and 1 for just being different.  Word of advice, skip the nachos my friends.*** Edit: My boyfriend would probably give this place 5 stars for the music they play.  Lot's of rock, some heavy metal, old hair bands, and some new stuff mixed in there.  No Rap.I give it that much.  It was definitely good music.
4	I was skeptical of this place, as I always am when it comes to country/cowboy-themed bars. But I was pleasantly surprised! We came for drinks and sat at the horseshoe-shaped bar. The bartender was nice and friendly to us. All of a sudden, she brings out a HUGE dessert platter to the group sitting next to us, on the house! No joke, this thing had a cotton candy TOWER on it-- at least a foot and a half high. On either side was a stack of chocolate brownies/cake and chocolate chip cookies. Both were drizzled with chocolate syrup, and there was even whip cream. How do I know this? The group offered my friend and I to try it because they weren't gonna it eat it. Of course we refused but eventually caved in to the deliciousness of it all. The cotton candy was watermelon flavored which I didn't care for, the cookies were too crisp, but the cake was just amazing. Amazing! But enough about the great desserts (which we got bagged to go at the end of the night, by the way...). Fun atmosphere, great music, nice staff, standard-priced drinks. I'd come back here if I was in town again. FYI, we asked the bartender how they got that dessert; she explained that the guys in the group had asked her how to attract some girls--- she said dessert. Sad part is... it's true!
4	I recently spent a week chilling in the oasis of the desert that is Scottsdale, AZ and I actually visited this place more than once.  It's a great place when its packed and girls are hopping up on the Bull getting crazy.  Its also an AWESOME spot for late night grub.  Go there on a weeknight or Sunday at 1 AM after a day of golfing and boozing and this is the place to top it off.  Steak and Eggs platter is ridiculous and I thought the steak was better than most $50 ones at 'high end' places.  Granted, I was probably going to like LOTS of food at this hour but the portions are crazy big and the bartenders are cool and chill, unlike other old town spots.All in all it goes good with breakfast, lunch, dinner, and 4th meal.  Oh yeah, and they have a bull.  $3/ride but don't be that guy who gets on all drunk and gets booed off.  You are in old town and if you are looking to get laid riding the bull has a better chance of getting you laughed at later in the night.
4	I went there for Sunday Brunch twice and thought it was a fun place to go with the girls.  The Brunch menu has a lot of options including french toast, omelets, pancakes etc.  The portions are huge so if you go consider sharing.  They also have good brunch drink specials.
4	I have to admit I actually liked the Saddle Ranch.  Did not eat here just had some beers and watched my friend get tossed off the mechanical bull a few times.  Very Funny!!!!  Very diverse crowd.  Good Music and clean bathrooms - what more do you need.
4	We went for brunch and so should you.Highlights:$2 Bloody Mary's and MimosasYou can go with 6 people and feed everyone with one order, the one $10 plate will easily feed six.  (Honestly, I ordered the pancakes and you give me three 12"-ers?  Are you kidding me?)What I found funny is that while I love the chophouse, it sort of summarizes the maybe not so pretty parts of American culture:Super size, over indulgence, excessive drinking, cow girl waitresses who's dress implies objectification, misters that consume resources to make us comfortable.**Disclaimer - I'm not judging, just commenting, I had a great time indulging in all of these things.
3	It's CInco de Mayo and this place is deserted. It hasn't even been opened that long. I realize it's a Monday and everything, but people still go out and get drunk because it's the 5th of May. Loco Patron across the street was packed. The dew-baggio factor was high at Loco, but not so much at Saddle Ranch. I've been to the one in L.A. many times and it's really touristy and stupid and all, but I like it because I always meet cool people there who are visiting from someplace else as opposed to snarky asshole local LA people who won't like me because I'm not from LA. They also have stiff drinks in large amounts at reasonable prices, great food and good enough service considering how busy they always are.I think this SR in SoSco has the potential to be the same eventually - but for now it's just trying to figure itself out. I wouldn't even try to go when there's a line, but that's me. This being the case, I probably won't end up there when it's really busy. I'm kinda glad it's here and I hope it settles down. I'm pretty sure it'll do well in this town.
3	I went out here tonight with a couple of clients.  I had heard some good things about it, and they were from back East, so I thought to myself, "why not?"  I must admit I was not that impressed with it all.We came here for dinner.  Started out with some apps, and ordered the Monster Platter.  Complete with "sliders" on it that rivaled a Jumbo Jack for shear size, this could easily feed a family of four for a week.  Thank God there were 10 of us.  Most everyone ordered steak for dinner, and most were impressed.  I, on the other hand, was not that impressed.  All I could taste on my steak was butter, not meat.  I almost had to reach for the A1 Sauce, a cardinal sin in my mind with steak, just to make it edible.Since we all had a round of golf in the morning, none of us opted for the giant 3-liter beer option they had.  But the booze selection, including wine, was quite impressive.  Service all around was very attentive.  And for those of you that love your barely-18 and barely-100lbs servers that Scottsdale is serving up on a daily basis, this is a great place for you.There were a few people in our group that opted for the bull ride, a nice little touch that gave this place that little something extra to set it apart from the other Old Town places.  All things considered, I don't think I'd head back here.  I can get a better steak at a Chili's-type place, and the atmosphere (comprised mainly of your younger Scottsdale-types) didn't really do all that much for me.A couple other things of note:  their happy hour only goes until 6:30 (boo!!) but they do have a daily brunch that, strictly reading off the menu, did not look half bad.  I may have to check that out some day.
4	I have to say, I really like this place.  I have been here twice within the past two weeks, and both times were enjoyable.  The first time we went strictly for drinks.  Four of us shared the beer tower - 3 Liters of domestic beer served in a huge clear tower with a tap right on your table.  Talk about an attention getter.  It definitely isn't what you want to drink if you are trying to be inconspicuous, plus your beer can get warm if you don't drink fast enough.  But if you order one of those you can't say you're there just for a quick drink...  There was also a great girl walking around on the patio singing songs which was cute and pretty cool, I liked it.  People were riding the bull and having a good time and it was a good atmosphere.  Pretty laid back and chill - it was a Wednesday night.I went back again for a Sunday brunch and was blown away at the $2 mimosas and bloody mary's.  All different types and they are cheap enough that you can try them all - very impressed.  However, if you are ordering food, make sure you haven't eaten in a day or can split with someone.  The portions are the biggest I've ever seen.  I'm not kidding.  They bring out a PLATTER for each person.  My omelette probably had 10 eggs in eat.  I only ate a few bites.Overall, its a cool place with a cool vibe and I would recommend it just for the drink specials.
4	Ride it Hard, The Mechanical Bull is what this place is all about.  Monday is a cash contest, The bar has Music Videos on Flat Screens and guys and ladies are rockin the bull here and there, This place is so entertaining from the minute you walk in.  Ladies Saddle up and for some reason the bull seems to take its time and shake a little bit more for you. The Staff is defiantly hand picked buy someone with a great eye, no complaints here.Food, Well not bad, don't expect this to be the best Steak in town.  People don't come just to eat.  Dessert, YES PLEASE, some items are very pricey but I stick with the Deep Dish Cookie, always best shared with those around you.  If you don't have friends order a dessert you might meet some.
3	I'll start off by saying that Saddle Ranch Chop House is one of the few places open on Sunday around 3pm... that's how we ended up eating a late lunch / early dinner there.  I called Arcadia Farms, Orange Table, Sugarbakers, and Bandera with no such luck... so, Saddle Ranch came to the rescue in that sense.I was with 2 girlfriends and we all decided that it was probably 'first a bar, then a restaurant' based on the food we had.  2 of us shared a cobb salad and a veggie burger, and the other had one of the chicken wraps.  Cobb salad - eh... (maybe it would've been better with tomato but because of the recent scare, no tomato for us!)  Veggie burger - not so much - pretty bad but we dressed it up with avocado, lettuce, ketchup, and mustard.  We did have the sweet potato casserole as a side and that was delicious - on the sweet side though so be warned!I did notice a decent size breakfast menu and of course the bull that was resting during the time we were there... he probably had a rough night the night before!Service was just ok... waitresses (and I do say waitresses because they are all women) are all showing their midriffs and a little bit ditzy.  It took awhile to get drink refills and to pay our bill, but it was fine.There you have it... 3 stars for Saddle Ranch for now.  I'll be back for the beer tower (not the food) if and when i return!
3	Meat market.Good place to shop for sausage, wizard sleeves and STDs.That's about it.
3	Been here on a few occassions. Different times of the day, different reasons, so here it goes...For food: They actually serve breakfast, too, so its open all day. The portions are huge, however, i only had maybe 3 bites of it all (omlet, potatoes, something else I can't remember) and I threw it away. Too greasy. It was so greasy and gross that it left grease stains everywhere. Ew!Nightlife: The place gets packed pretty quick and since they have valet its nice to leave your car there overnight. If there is one thing, they don't recommend driving drunk. Good for them!!An event: Ok, here is where I give them props. We organized a fundraiser there for work and they were excellent to work with regarding that! They did a bull riding contest, had 2 for 1 drink specials, and the management there was so nice to do whatever they could to help us out! Too bad, I can't give it higher than a 3 though. I just can't get pass the food.
4	Have been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner.  This is a fun restaurant with good food and service.  For lunch I had the cheeseburger  omelet.  this could have been the biggest omelet I have ever had.  It was just like a cheeseburger but wrapped in eggs.... delicious!!!We went back for dinner with my daughter and as an appetizer we ordered the cotton candy and brownies and cookie combination.  ( we do things backwards sometimes)  The only way to describe this is decadent.If there is a negative, it is that it gets loud, especially during football season.  Nonetheless, I would highly reccomonend!
2	When I walked through the swinging doors around noon on a Sunday, I walked into Hooterville.  Think silicone, fake tans, bleached hair and  teeth and caked-on makeup.  And the men here overdose on testosterone: full of bulk and attitude.  Think sideways baseball hats, torn jeans, flip flops and gold.  Even at noon on a Sunday, they were on the hunt.  Joining me in alienation was my San-Franciscan friend.  We represented the world of natural size and color.  To bring ourselves comfort and escape in this fake world surrounding us, we discussed environmental concerns.  I got the Buffalo Chicken sandwich.  Commensurate with the theme here, this was the biggest breast I'd ever seen.  The sauce was super hot and tasty.  The baked beans had a southwestern flare - with crushed pepper.  My friend got the chili, which he said was slightly spicy hot but not temperature-hot.  I didn't attempt the bucking broncho, for many reasons, but one of them being that there was nothing on it to hold on to.  Too difficult for a delicate northerner like me.
3	My plane landed at 1:30. My friend took me straight to Z'Tejas for lunch, where we started in on some margaritas. We then hit 2 other places, and ended up at Saddle Ranch around 6:00.There is a mechanical bull.A guy hit on us by telling us a racist joke as his opening line.We then settled in by talking to 2 guys who kept their left hands in their pockets the entire time. Uh huh.I'm so glad I wasn't sober when we walked in, or else I wouldn't have been able to handle it. The universe was looking out for me that day.
1	Yikes!  This place is scary!  The service was horrible although the waitress's were cute to look at (think Coyote Ugly - The movie).  The food was plentiful but very average.  It was just creapy.  Too bad, the bull riding could have been cool.  Just not my thing.   Sunday afternoon seems to be the time to go.  Everyone was drinking and watching the game on flat screens.  Reminded me of a place you might see the girls from Rock of Love hanging out at!  Ha!
4	Haven't eaten there yet, but the prime rib dinner looks really good. I have been there on numerous pub crawls, etc. The staff are always friendly, greet you when you come in. Sometimes attack you when you come in they're so friendly. I met the GM, he was a cool guy and easy to work with if you have large groups. Waitresses are all very pretty which adds to the popularity. I haven't ridden the bull yet; it would take some hot woman to get me to do that. Whenever I've been here, I've had a good time, even when it's empty. The one turnoff for me, but probably won't be for the ladies is there are too many men and not enough women here UNLESS it's late at night. Then it seems to pick up in that department. Patrons have been friendly too. One bartender in particular was very nice to me and kept the conversations going. It's a great place to bring a lot of people as they have room upstairs and down and the scenery is good. Pints are a little expensive at $5 each. Better if you go at happy hour.
5	This place is a great place to stop by after work and have a few drinks!! The interior is setup like a country western bar....and it looks even better at night when the lights are dim, you've had a few drinks and the entertainment shifts to the mechanical bull....suddenly its a scene out of Caoyote Ugly!!The people behind the bar are there to also have some FUN!!
1	I've never had a worse experience at a restaurant than i had here..even mcdonalds would have been better. we came here as a last resort because the breakfast club was overcrowded, and ive heard they have great mimosa's and bloody marys which was exactly what we were looking for. i tend not to dine in scottsdale at these kind of places because of the overtanned, over-steroided, bejeweled-wearing, snotty environment. first off, there was a long wait - we were offered a free round of drinks on the house because of this...the bartender was new, so when we ordered she neglected to tell us about the different kinds of mimosas and bloody marys they offer...and they are only $2 until 3pm which was a pretty slick deal. try the fallen angel bloody mary, it's made with chipoltle and jalepeno. delicious.while we were waiting, a group of the typical scottsdale bitches and bros walked in and just decided to seat themselves like they owned the fuckin place, while we kindly sat and waited. and don't even get me started on how many dirty looks my girlfriend and i got while we were waiting...ugh.we finally got seated after 30 mins of waiting, and our waitress was very friendly and apologetic about the whole situation. we ordered the breakfast sandwhich and steak and eggs. the food didn''t come out for 45 minutes. forty five fucking minutes! the table of bitches and bros even got served way before us. and the food was COLD, and my bacon was not how i ordered it. my girlfriend had them re-make her dish, which took like 15 minutes and they STILL left off my bacon. we got offered free shots, and had several people come up to us and offer their condolences. what the fuck ever, there is no excuse for shitty service like we received. they ended up comping our food, but we still had to pay for drinks and dessert (the cookie with peanut butter was alright). the main bartender told us he was going to get us another drink on the house, and never came back with it. the manager/owner also claimed he would be back with a card for us, and never came back with that.it was also SO FUCKING LOUD in there (there was a football game) and they had the volume turned up so high i couldnt even hear my girlfriend speak and she was sitting right next to me. i was looking for a cure for my hangover with steak, eggs, and a bloody mary and this place just made it that much worse and ruined my first day of the new year.HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Awesome staff who tries and gets to know their customers personally by dropping by each table and talking to them. like someone said before, atmosphere of Country meets Rock 'n'Roll.  They even had a guy with a guitar who helped me with my date by singing us songs. HUGE portions with good food. I just have to come on a weekend and see how the whole mechanicall bull comes into play!!
2	Yell at me, call me names, beat me up, just PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE don't make me go back to Saddle Ranch!!  Ick from beginning to end.  I made the mistake of bringing a couple out of town buyers here last night, a Monday mind you, thinking it would be fun and kitchy.  You know, they could watch a couple lushes get on the bull and made fools of themselves and fall off, rustic cowboy atmosphere, good enough for entertaining out of towners anyways.Oh how wrong was I??  Just my luck it was their 1 year anniversary party and the placed was packed.  And packed with the worst kind of people.  It looked like a Real World casting call had thrown up all over the bar.  Skanky, underage girls literally falling over chairs, and being annoyingly in the way all the time.  Oh, and I'm pretty sure that all the steroids ever injected in AZ were in that bar too.  And get this, they were all wearing crystals on their shirts...puke.It took FOREVER to get served at the bar which we obviously didn't stay at long because my clients wanted to get the hell out of there ASAP.The only reason in gets any stars at all is because I cannot entirely turn my back on any place that serves cotton candy.  That would be the 5 year old in me : )
4	If you woke up this morning thinking that you wanted to gorge yourself on a giant steak, drink yourself to oblivion, eat loads of cotton candy and ride a mechanical bull, then this place is definitely for you.  I would recommend riding the bull before partaking in said gorging and boozing.The place has a good sized patio with two fire-pits (where you can roast marshmallows and make smores), three bars, two levels, and a mechanical bull.  The portions are large enough to choke a donkey, so unless you can eat like one I would suggest splitting something with a friend.  The rib-eye was grilled to perfection and the mashed potatoes were delicious.  At $28 though, it should be.  I don't know how it is during the day, but at night the music is terrible and way too loud, but the people watching was definitely good.I'm giving this place 4 stars just because you can actually roast marshmallows for smores.  That and I really enjoyed watching a prissy (fake everything)  Scottsdale bimbo get bucked off of the bull into a steaming pile of her own vomit.   =D
3	Came here for my boyfriend's sister's birthday. Let's just say she was drunk and wearing a dress and we (the girls not the brother, he turned his back) encouraged her to ride the mechanical bull. A good time was had by all. She rode it twice and the second time the picnic table cloth she was given didn't quite cover her up and everyone got a free show. She had a blast, a good laugh, and some free drinks!
4	Carin and I met a friend at Saddle Ranch for Happy Hour (which is 1/2 price fro all drinks and appetizers) last Friday evening.You know, it's pretty good bar food (the usual nacho's, sliders, wings, etc.), but the people are so darn pleasant, from the managers to the waitresses and servers, it just moves the needle from 3 stars to 4 stars, just for the nice people!!We had a table full of food (4 appetizers for 3 people...more than enough to call "dinner" and then some!), and we all had 2-3 cocktails and the total bill came to $45.We watched a few people ride the bull, and the managers tried very hard to get the beautiful Carin and our friend to ride the bull, but it was more fun to just watch.It was also fun to watch all the pick-up types circulating (it is that kind of a place).It was our 3rd visit and we had a terrific evening, starting there and going on to a play later at 4301.I would agree with some of the posters that this is neither a fine dining nor an intimate evening type of place, but it was tasty, pleasant and lively and that's exactly what we were looking for!
3	I love love their huevos rancheros. Rivals my previous fave at Breakfast Club. I especially love the super slammin' bloody marys!I must admit and agree with most of the other reviews, the service is spotty and the food is slow. Perhaps that's why my entree was cold?? Ya think?! If it weren't for the terrrrific manager who came to check on me, I would have canceled my food, finished my drink and left! Brunch/Lunch is about all I can stomach though. Any other time feels like you were blasted back to college! Cool if that's your age group.$2 MIMOSAS AND BLOODY MARYS
2	Felt a bit like a number here, definetely the meat market restaurant - in more ways than one.  From the hostess to the bartender - very hot place to be - fun to watch the bull riding but the food was as follows:  Chicken wings - had better - bit dry.  My prime rib was way underdone - had it been medium rare - perhaps my whole review would have been better.  The fries were excellent - not sure what they did to them - the rolls were - uh - bread.  The drinks we nothing spectacular - got a gin and tonic without a lime, thats one star deduct right there!  - Can't comment on the breakfast, would probably go back just to watch people get thrown off the bull - and stick with bottled beer.
2	I've been to Saddle Ranch twice, once for weekend brunch/lunch and once for a night out. Brunch/Lunch: HUGE portions... I mean HUGE! I had an ahi tuna wrap (I know, totally non-western) and it was decent; a little tastless, but fresh and filling. I also tried the garlic mashed taters and they were good, but not anything to rave about. The service was awful, but the manager made up for it by bringing our entire table free shots and enormous plates of dessert. The shots were basically flavored water, but the desserts were moist, rich brownies with lots of ice cream.Friday night: The place was packed with an odd mix in the crowd. You had sports fans, mixed with tourists, mixed with silicone. It was so busy and we had such a large group (friend's birthday) that I was able to tune out the urge to people watch. Didn't eat much, but the wait staff was much more attentive. What's odd is that we got free shots again (at 2 separate tables from different waiters) and free dessert. I noticed a trend that most of the wait staff was delivering trays of shots to the various tables. Our table of women were also approached by the bull-ride conductor (is that what you would call him?) and told that we'd get free rides if we could muster up the courage to hop on the saddle.Conclusion: I'm not sure how this place makes as much money as it portrays because of all the freebies. However, it could be a brilliant scheme to keep everyone there, drinking for hours, and keeping up the image that it's THE place to party.
2	First let me start off by saying I say I don't go here willingly and go when the group of people I am with want to go. Ok, ok, I am a sheep. This place just goes against everything that is right in this world. Getting an overpriced drink here is like a Herculean task. There are always about 5-6 people deep around the entire bar waiting to get a drink. So you have to stand in the major thoroughfare in the hopes of getting drunk enough to somewhat enjoy yourself.  Whilst standing there you get bumped into by drunk bachelorettes, DB's, and out of towners who think this place is the TITS.  I mean that spells fun in my book.I have never eaten the food here, save the cotton candy.  So I don't know if it is any good.  The one redeeming quality is that there is no cover and the line is never very long, so you can come and go as you please without having to have the tell tale stamp the next morning.Oh, don't get me started on the bull!
2	5th and final stop of my random night out last night.  we just stood and watched people ride the bull.  it wasn't very entertaining either.  can't speak about the food here but my overall thoughts of the place are SKIP IT!
1	I came here for brunch because I heard it was good and I always thought there food was ok.  It was pretty disappointing.  For ten bucks I got eggs that were still clear and pretty raw  and cold hash browns that were raw in the middle but seared on the outside.  The service was so so.  It took a long time to receive first drink.  In fact the fruit cup came before the drinks!   The fruit cup btw tasted like it had been stored with some fish!!  What the..?!  The waitress brought free "shots" to make up for the bad food.  They were basically some awful juice concoction.  If I ever come here again it will for sure b only for happy hour and will sit at the bar.
2	I had some friends in town this weekend. They were staying in North Scottsdale and I am in Gilbert. I remembered hearing that Saddle Ranch had a good hangover breakfast. It was a good middle spot.We show up and the place is empty. We could not find any staff so we seated ourselves on the patio. When the waitress showed up the first thing she said to us was that next time we are here we must tell someone we are sitting outside or we won't get served. Well, we would have told someone if there was someone to tell... We ordered our drinks and they took forever. Our waitress (Ms. Personality) came back to take our food order. We all had some sort of egg dish. 3 people in the group ordered EB's and asked for runny yolks. When the food finally came out, their eggs we like hockey pucks. Ms. Personality said that is how they come...whatever. I had the Huveos Rancheros. My eggs were done perfectly so no complaints there. The food was still completely forgettable. Portions are huge but who cares when the food sucks. The manager came by and we told him about the eggs and he said "thanks for letting me know". That's it nothing beyond that. The girls that work here look like someone put their clothes through a paper shredder. A little ridiculous for 9:00am. Bypass this place and go to The Breakfast Club across the street!
3	I gotta say - though the scene can be a bit overwhelming here sometimes, I actually like this place!The food is surprisingly really good!  In my opinion, there is nothing better than chicken tenders when I'm a little banged up, and this place has the best in town anywhere ever.  They're awesome.  I havent had many of the entrees, but after sampling just about all the appetisers at this point i'm pretty pleased.  I've always had great luck with servers, all very personable and nice, though not always the speediest especially if theres a big crowd.  Though on some nights I could go without the cowboy-it up decor and flavor, they play pretty decent music and is comfortable outside.
3	We go here a lot to sit on the patio in the mornings and cure hangovers with $2 bloody marys and greasy food.  The spicy bloody marys are really good.  It's usually good for what it is, I mean we're not in the state of mind to be looking for excellent food.  Everyone that works there shops at Ed Hardy with the guy from Rock of Love and wears MAC makeup and the people watching is great.We went last weekend and ordered one of the bloody marys that has peppers and jalapenos in it (it's really good).  The girl comes back with the "Holy Water" ones which have onion and garlic.  They were bad and had so many chunks of onion in them you couldn't even drink them.  When she finally came back to check on us (10 min later) we told her the problem and she apologized, brought us the right ones, and comped the wrong ones.  The manager came over to talk to us...he is always nice, just not my style (eg calls my boyfriend "Bro").Then she left for about 15 minutes...we waited...and waited.  Then saw her filling up salt and pepper shakers! Um, there were only 2 other tables there.  She comes over and askes "Any questions about the menu?" Um any questions we may have had are long gone because we have been waiting FOREVER.  I ordered a breakfast sandwich, eggs over medium, add tomato slices.  My boyfriend ordered Eggs Benedict.Our meal comes, his was fine (by the way, they ALWAYS serve men first here, it kind of pisses me off and I always notice it, I'm pretty sure they're told to do it) My eggs were WAY over easy and surprise, surprise no tomato slices.  She brought the tomato over when I was just about done with my meal.  Thanks girl.  She tried to make conversation at the end and it was painfully awkward and forced.It would have been understandable if the place was even 1/2 full, but there were literally 2 other tables in the whole place! I mean, come on.Sad thing is, I go there at least once a month and expect this kind of stuff. PLus it's a fun place to go with a big group at night.  I guess it doesn't really affect anything, so 3 stars it is.
5	B-E-S-T Huevos Rancheros....big enough for TWO!  4 eggs...come on now!  Pair that with a $1.99 bloody mary or mimosa and well...enough said.  Atmosphere very fun...espeically on "Sunday Funday"....seems to be the growing trend between here and the Vig!  Great music, fun friendly staff!  Sweet potatoes are super duper yummy!  Definitely worth taking out of town guests to!!!
1	Unless your into the metal melicia, loud music so as you cannot hear yourself think, and terrible food, then this place is for you. The food is less than terrible and WAY over priced for the quality! Oh ya I think they don't even put liquor in the drinks, our were way watered down! I know we are in a recession, but really what the heck??
3	I recently visited the Saddle Ranch in Scottsdale with a group that was in town for a bachelor party. We had a great time and the server was 5 stars. My advice is to stay away from the Steaks and stick with entrees that are more in line with typical "bar food". My N.Y. Strip was tough as nails and I wish I had ordered something else. This place is a great atmosphere if you want to have a good time on the town.
4	I love Saddle Ranch for the fun atmosphere. I really like the food and the people who work here are so much fun! I I came here for brunch on the 4th of July and the waiter was pretty honest about being hungover and made us laugh the whole time we were there. He gave me the biggest mimosa I have ever had and gave me and my friends a free shot. The brunch specials are awesome their mimosas and bloody mary's are only $1.99 and you can choose different variations of the classic drinks. I always leave Saddle Ranch with a smile on my face.
5	Day drinking, superbowl party, night club, birthdays, couples bull riding anything you want to do you can do it here. We ended up here somehow, and instantly fell for the joint. Open everyday food until two! The service is the best in the state, no question. They are so full of fun , the managers walk by checking on you even wait staff that is not yours seem to help out by grabbing you another drink or clearing the table.Portions on food are awesome but dont let that fool you on quality because I have never had anything I wouldnt want to eat forever on a desert island. The BBQ chicken nachos I have actually gone back 3 times in one day for!! They almost always bring the table a complimentary round!! NOTHING BEATS it!Good for anyonekids during the day, familys, college kids. Snotty dressy club girls will stll have a good time , its nice to stop in for a drink before the clubs or after the clubs for another round and sme food!!
5	Any restaurant with a mechanical bull automatically gets 5 stars from me! Not to mention, as a lover of ahi, seeing 4 ahi items on the menu sent tingles through my soul. I decided on the ahi salad and couldn't be more pleased with my decision. It was probably the most flavorful ahi salad I've ever had.In addition, the drinks were relatively strong. I ordered the sweet tea vodka with lemonade, and the waitress sugeested adding peach shnapps which I must say was a splendid idea.The decor is awesome. Reminds me of Texas. There is something hung on every square foot of the walls, and there are cute slash funny little cowboy quotes burned on wooden signs.The service was good, food was delicious, and atmosphere was festive. I highly recommend.
2	I came here for dinner, I came here for breakfast. I've been here for drinks. I had drinks with dinner and also with breakfast. Drinks and appetizers one afternoon, too. Not all over the same weekend but I'm not opposed to the Hat Trick so hey... maybe someday... but not at Saddle Ranch. I actually don't like the food here. It comes out on a humongous plate that's like a metal saucer on top of a wooden thing so you don't burn your hands. Presentation is everything but flavor, not so much. Appetizer: shared a plate of nachos. Huge, no doubt about that. Not so much on the flavor end. Chips were kind of soggy and didn't hold up too well, or they sat in the kitchen too long before they came out to us. Breakfast: I ordered an omelette described as "spicy" and I found myself asking my server for tabasco sauce and pepper. Meh.Dinner: they keep the lights on pretty low in there so it was hard to see what I was eating. I had a thick piece of cow that wasn't seasoned that well. Nothing to write home about. A huge pile of mashed potatoes. Not worth the $20-ish for the plate. I've given it three separate chances which is more than I have given most restaurants. The reason I keep ending up in here is that it's within walking distance to me and they have those $1 (or is it $2?) drink specials on Sunday mornings. There's a lot of crazy crap on the walls and they play the Cherry Pie video every time I'm in there. As for the nighttime scene, I've been in and out a few times... can't remember much of that, so I must have had a good time. Can't complain. I dont' mind drinking here, it's just the eating part that disappoints. Does this one compare to the one on Sunset? Not a chance! But I'm biased in my loyalty to Los Angeles so who knows? Some who have a better time here might not have quite as much fun there, and vice versa.
4	Alright- the first rating would have been an 'A-OK' but they got an extra star for the eye candy bartender(s). lol. The bartenders were quick and on their game and it was nice not having to wait forever and a day for a drink with a full bar. It was a nice added touch to have a mechanical bull in the house- nothing better than watching a bunch of drunk people trying to ride a bull and keep their composure and balance . Cheers!
1	If you want the epitome of the Scottsdale/LA wannabe scene this is where you go.  This place is corporate as it gets down to the Ed Hardy wannabe Saddle Ranch shirts a lot of the servers sport... UHHHHHH!!!! How is that appealing in any way?  I was waited on by a very tragic girl as well, I believe her name was Rebecca.  She was pushy and rude.  I wanted to just check out the place and see what they had to offer and if I wasn't ordering what she wanted me to order she really didn't pay much attention to us!  i couldn't believe it!  She was telling us about different things on the menu such as steaks and drinks and was quoting things that she needed to do a little more research on. She really didn't know the big differences of some of the steaks how do you reccommend something and don't even know anything about it?
4	A group of friend and I went to Saddle Ranch in Scottsdale last Saturday night. It was somewhat early still so it wasn't too crowded, which is nice, because most nights it is packed! We had a ton of fun. The entire staff from the hostess at the front door, to the mechanical bull operator, to the managers were super nice! I want to give a special thanks to the manager Anthony for making a personal visit to our table to make sure everything was good with us and personally served us a round of shots and some cotton candy. Thanks Anthony! I would recommend this place for sure. I have yet to have dinner there, but there breakfast is very good! Have fun!
4	I love watching people make fools of themselves, so the mechanical bull is worth five stars alone on a busy night.  Even with the bull though, I used to hate this place.  I'm not sure why.  Oh wait, I probably hated this place because my friends dragged me here post break-up.  I wasn't in the mood to mingle and they forced me to play this game where I had to pick out how many guys I found attractive and I came up with zero. Seriously, zero.  I'm thinking I wasn't in the mood to accurately judge this place. Anyway, I went back last Saturday night for dinner on the patio and actually enjoyed myself.  It was a pre-game stop, but still a lot of fun.  The staff is great.  While my friends and I sipped our drinks a guy came over with the largest thing of cotton candy I have ever seen.  He said it was on the house.  I thanked him, but was a little shocked and asked him why.  He said, "Why not, cotton candy for three beautiful ladies."  The best part is that one of the beautiful ladies in my group was actually a man.  I laughed so hard I could barely contain myself.  I think it's time for my friend to cut his hair. The people watching is incredible.  At 9 o'clock this girl was already completely wasted (some people really need to learn how to pace themselves) and got into a fight with a random guy.  She dumped her drink on him and had to be escorted out by the bouncer.  Part of me wishes girls would realize how bad behavior like this makes them look, but another part loves laughing at it too much. Finally, the food was actually really good.  Crave worthy in fact.  I had the BBQ nachos and tried a "little" of my friend's macaroni.  My taste buds had an orgasm.  I was a bit embarrassed by how much I enjoyed it.  Whatever, creamy mac and cheese with jalapeno is worth it.  In fact, screw the bull, fun staff, and people watching.  I'll go back for the macaroni alone.
1	Wow, don't eat here. It's terrible.
2	The bull ride is fun. Very good staff -- they had great energy and really got people involved.The food is wretched -- worthy of a bio hazard warning.  If it were not for the great staff and fun atmospere this place would deserve 0 stars.
3	Boobs and juicy chicken... That's what this place is great for. I'm sure this is a fun place to hang out on a busy Friday night. We however came on Halloween night and it wasn't very busy at all. The service was quick and friendly. All of the servers were dressed up, mostly boobs out. Settled on two different chicken sandwiches, (BBQ and Buffalo Ranch) sweet potato fries, house salad and ice teas. Everything was good. The chicken was beyond juicy. We actually inspected the chicken to make sure it was cooked enough because it was just that juicy. The only thing that we didn't find that enjoyable was the marshmallow dipping sauce for the sweet potato fries. I'm sure it would work as a dessert topping but we just found it strange. Never saw anyone ride the mechanical bull, but I'm sure that would bump this place up to 4 stars.
4	The huge group and I loved this place because we are out of towners... they must treat the out of towners differently because we didn't hate the place like a lot of the reviews down there. They must be pretty well off to offer us two free desserts and they did with many other parties! The place is such a fun environment. Man I was in love with the ahi tuna wrap. It was huge, good thing I split it with someone else. I think we paid around $13 for it, and it had so much ahi in it... very worth the price!! And sooooooo good. I'm usually not a huge fan of wraps because they're kinda boring but this wrap had all of the perfect mixings and dressings in it. My god, we had a great dinner there... ordered those huge tall beer thingies as well. I'm really glad we came in here with a huge group because we all had fun amongst ourselves and drank a lot... we also had the excitement of being on vacation. I think that if you're here to just have a nice meal, the place can seem annoying after a little while.This sounds really weird but their cotton candy was the best cotton candy I've ever tasted. It's like strawberry flavored or something... not like other cotton candy that just tastes like plain sugar. Two from our party rode the mechanical bull... it was kind of amusing I guess, haha. It wasn't as exciting as how you see it in movies/tv shows.Too bad they don't let in people under 21during dinner time... this place is a restaurant.. what if the younger people wanna eat?!
3	Came here the other night in a party of 17.  Overall the experience was satisfying.  The waitresses were nice (yes, some had serious cleavage) and they were mostly on top of things - ordering the kids plates first, getting drinks/orders put in.The drinks were huge - I had a margarita which was served in a wine carafe.  Unfortunately there was hardly any alcohol in it so I supplemented with a shot of silver tequila.  Probably could have used a couple more shots!I had the baby back ribs.  The order was huge and I did my best.  The meat was tender and the sauce spicy.  Overall it exceeded my expectations (which weren't too high given what I've read here).  The plus was the entertainment value with people trying to ride the mechanical bull.  Only one person from our group did it - after 4 shots of Jack Daniels!Overall a great place to go to if you're looking for a casual place with some eye candy, decent food, and side entertainment.
3	Stopped here for a couple appetizers and a drink on Friday.  During happy hour their appetizers and drinks are half price.  We had the artichoke dip and chicken tenders, which were both good, a notch above standard bar fare.  4 drinks and two appetizers ran us $30 with tip.  Not sure how much I would enjoy Saddle Ranch past happy hour unless with a good sized group, but I intend to hit it up again.
3	Went for the UFC on Saturday and as usual got a great seat to watch the fight.  The bar staff is very friendly and always ready to give you a refill.  I usually get the nachos or mini burgers and they are great, but I decided to try something new and I got the southwestern wrap.  I wasn't too impressed with it to be honest but I know their other stuff is great so I will just go back to what I know is great.
1	(I have not ate at this Saddle Ranch. This review is for SR on weekend nights after 10 pm).You will like Saddle Ranch in Old Town Scottsdale if you are:A creepy middle aged guyA creepy douchebagORAn attention seeking skank of a female who likes to ride mechanical bulls in super short dressesSeeing as how I am none of those, I dislike Saddle Ranch as a bar/late night destination. Plus the bar service sucks and you can get cheaper beer at other places.
3	Anywhere that offers carafes, yes I said carafe's of long island iced tea is a place I will frequent w/o hesitation. Warning, wait about 10 minutes after the 1st one before ordering another..they sneak up on ya! We went for happy hour so stuck to the appetizers: Sweet potato fries, eh I've had better. Marshmallows creme dipping sauce was delish, a bit too sweet after a few dips but was yummy. Their chicken tenders weren't anything special, tried them buffalo style. Friend had the chili, she didn't complain. We were there on a Wednesday night, it was pretty dead but the girl behind the bar still wasn't very attentive. My friend had to ask her several times to turn the game on. I'd give her more of a break if it was busy, but it really wasn't. Anthony, the manager however, was really nice. He introduced himself right when we walked in and even brought us a complimentary cotton candy while we sat at the bar (it is a 2 foot tower of cotton candy mind you, they don't joke around). I've also been there late on a Saturday night, the lower floor was packed. Like bump-into-everyone-takes-forever-to-get-a-drink kinda packed, seemed to be a mix of different types of people. Not too "Scottsdale" in my opinion. The don't have a dancefloor, which docked them 1 star. The top floor was still busy but not too bad, a good place to perch and people watch, the drunkards below trying to stay on that dang mechanical bull are quite entertaining.
5	Positive: I have eat here on a number of occasions and they prepare a very good juicy stake, the ribeye, new york and cowboy stakes are very good but the Porterhouse is to die for, bring a healthy appetite because these stakes are thick and huge, of course they come with the extras like potato (a few different ways) and greens, you can as well pick from a verity of other choices to be served with the stake.The servers are very polite and make you feel right at home, there is a full bar as well and if your feeling courageous they have a mechanical bull where all can watch the lucky or unlucky riders..lolNegative: The parking - They have valet parking for around $5.00 but no open parking lot so if you choose to park yourself its going to be on the street somewhere?
4	Ride the bulls gals and put on a show :) Just wear pants, please!! Fun spot to get drunk and do kinky things with cotton candy! Great happy hour specials!Extremely generous bartenders and huge portions of food. Well worth the money!!
3	There are a lot of different aspects to review here. I would have to say the food is mediocre. Its not bad but also not anything amazingly delicious. You would expect better taste being in Old Town Scottsdale.I would have to recommend Saddle Ranch for a late night destination. Drunk people riding the mechanical bull. There are always good looking people around. It is a ton of fun if you bring a group of friends. The usual drink special is 50% off your second cocktail shot. Aka, make your drink a double, and that second shot is half off. The upstairs bar is a secret spot I usually end up at. Little less crowded and great place to people watch from the balcony. The music videos playing on the flat screens all around the bar is pretty cool.Overall, relaxing laid-back place to drink late at night.
2	Nothing to see here
5	So far we are at 5 stars i write drafts as i'm at the place, then finish them later, the staff has been great! Our server was the best server that I've had in awhile, she was on top of everything got our drinks for us fast and hung out when she wasn't busy, if we walked outside to the patio she found us and would check up on us! She joined the rest of the girls in the punching game in the back corner of the bar and she could throw a punch for a little girl did better then a couple guys that were there and had tried. They have cotton candy that come in a metal martini glass and they also have outside on the fire pits that have a pan above the fire and they put some stuff in it to make it smell good, not that it smelled bad out. The other thing they have there is a meachanical bull, that only women should ride because when guys ride the bull it just doesn't look right! Overall I would love to come back to this place simple based off how great of sevrvice we recieved! And it doesn't hurt to have all the other stuff they have there.
3	Had we not been trying to kill time to catch the Pacquaio fight which turned out to start an hour later than we thought, we definitely would have been upset by the extremely slow service but in this case, it worked for us. The service did improve dramatically when Alfonso Soriano and his group were seated at the table next to us though. We definitely reaped the benefits of sitting next to a VIP party.My husband got a steak and I got a burger. Neither we the best we'd ever had but neither were the worst. Food and service I'd probably give 2 stars.The ambiance of this place is what you go here for. It's a very lively place with plenty to look at whether it be the people riding the mechanical bull or just people watching. It was also a great place to catch the fight. If I'm back in the area, I'd probably go check out some other places first, but it was a good place that suited our needs.
4	It was Sunday in America, our nieces had packed up and headed back to their respective parents (fueled by a hypergolic combination of maple syrup and chocolate leftover from Easter...I have no idea how they got their little hands on all that sugar and chocolate) and the Beautiful Carin and I were, once again, free birds!http://tinyurl.com/ca67ffWe decided a celebration was in order...we love our nieces and nephews, make no mistake (in fact, "Auntie Carin" is a family legend...the good kind) but it's always good to rev the kids up and then send them back to their mommies and daddies...kind of a practice session for when we have grandkids.After everyone was gone, we decided a big ol' breakfast/brunchy meal was in order and since I had a Groupon for Saddle Ranch...well, you see where this is headed, don't you?The joint was really jumpin'...I mean for a lazy Sunday in America, it was really going strong...we soon found out why..."Babes on Bulls"...adorable young ladies, in the fullest bloom of babehood were going to be riding the bull, while wearing very little in the way of clothing!Is there a better way to spend a lazy Sunday morning/early afternoon than eating too much, having a few cocktails and watching live softcore?I don't think so, either!Babes on Bulls was a charity event...I have no idea what the charity was, but Carin and I donated, anyway...if only because the name of the event reminded me of the last great cinematic feature I saw...I think the movie was called "Babes on Bob"...there was a little riding going on in that movie, too!A huge and pretty tasty breakfast of steak and eggs, hash browns, biscuits and half a six pack of Devilish Something Bloody Mary's later, I was ready for the showAnd what a nice little show...Babes rode the mechanical Bull...lot's of "yee-haw's"...lots of jiggling...lots of hootin' and hollerin' from the crowd...in short, pretty much exactly what you expect when you walk into SRCH!Sure, there are better breakfasts around...even some within my walking radius...but...SRCH is pretty decent  grub and better than average drinks and service (I mean, these people are always smiling and friendly) and ..."Babes on Bulls"...I mean come on!
4	this place looks super cool on the outside, which is the reason we decided to have lunch here. the staff was all very friendly - and they were ALL skinny and pretty, no joke. obviously they aren't eating the buttermilk biscuits with honey butter that they serve, otherwise they would be obese - i could have eaten 10, legit.i was pretty hungover and wasn't in the mood to eat a lot - i went with some chicken fingers, which came with some awesome bbq sauce. they were super crispy, and the serving size was quite large. the boyfriend had a bbq chicken salad, which was also large. he liked his choice as well.their drinks looked interesting, unfortunately i was still a little afraid of alcohol at that point. i really wanted to go back the next day for brunch, but i also wanted to try something different, as we were only in scottsdale  for 3  days. i can't wait to go back and hit this place up again, it was a fun atmosphere with an incredible menu and great servers.
4	We stopped here during one of our many Old Town Scottsdale bar crawls. Imagine at least 50 people dressed in Santa (reindeer, snowmen, Mr. and Mrs. Claus) suits invading this place. Many of our friends rode the mechanical bull to loud cheers from the crowd. One of my friends was lucky enoguh to meet and flirt with the manager. She was treated to a huge yellow cotton candy feast and a dish of blueberries. I should be so lucky.Saddle Ranch has a large interior with an outdoor patio (for the smokers, but not for the people who want fresh air because of the stinkin' smokers).We'll be back, so stay tuned for the next bar crawl and our crazy antics. You should be so lucky.
3	Saddle Ranch is like a family reunion if your family involves the entire drinking population of ASU. I swear every time I'm here I get a blast from the past in the form of someone I barely knew years ago, yet still feel the need to acknowledge as if we were great friends even though really we just went Rocky Point together one year but I don't even remember their name because there was like 12 of us, and they were in the other car and I wasn't even 100% sure whose friend they were or if anyone even knew them at all. So that's always fun.I can't get draft beer here, which is a bummer because they have big Fat Tires on draft for $8, which I would normally be all about except for I can't trust myself to contain 24 ounces of dark beer while wearing 4 inch heels and maneuvering around crowds of drunk people, not to mention a staircase. They do get busy but I've never waited too long for a drink. They have like 4 different bars, and like 12 bartenders on their busy nights, so they actually keep up really well. I've only ever eaten here when I was hungover, but the chicken tenders are good, as they always are at 10:30 in the morning after a bender. And they have $1.99 Bloody Mary's and Mimosas on Weekend Mornings, so I can't complain there.Yes, the crowd can be a bit...douchey. But I've never really been bothered by anyone. Honestly, I'm a fan of anywhere in Scottsdale that does NOT offer Bottle Service. There's also no cover, barely ever a line, and the staff doesn't act like they're doing anyone any favors by gracing us with the opportunity to spend money there. I usually have a pretty good time here, even without the ASU Drinking Congregation reunion. That's like a bonus. A-OK!
2	This establishment looks cool -- kind of a western themed Hooters, but with a much larger menu. And, I've actually had a pretty good burger served here. However, the place has such problems with service. These problems are so aggravating that I wouldn't even waste time going to this restaurant. It might be OK for a beer on the patio during Happy Hour, but steer clear of expectations of having no problems with your bill, or the food served properly, etc. I went in with a coupon that was clearly valid and that I had paid for. They refused to accept it because it was electronic (my phone, the coupon company says that you don't need to print them out) and not on paper . . . "We're not very sophisticated here," said the manager. That is an understatement.
2	They have a LOT of choices on the menu, but if they can't even wash the lettuce right for the lettuce wraps I shudder to think what ends up in their burgers.  All in all, mediocre food and not worth forming a clod of dirt in your intestines.
1	This place is a cute, kitschy place to have lunch with an extensive menu, but sucks when it comes to nightlife.If you want to be surrounded by fake boobs and Affliction t-shirts, then come here.  If you want to pay $10 for a margarita with Jose Cuervo as their premium tequila, then come here.  This place is beyond lame and so are the people who go here.  Not even the mechanical bull saves this place because it's a bunch of creepy guys watching really drunk girls ride the bull.Highlight of the 3 times I've been there: Tranny-looking girl on her cell phone, "Why would you tell me I look like a transvestite?"  Umm, because you do..?
4	I had read the reviews prior to coming here, so I didn't know how my dining experience would turn out.I had the BBQ Chicken sandwich with fries.  I enjoyed it very much! My server, James, gave me great service!  Food arrived promptly and served hot. James was also very attentive and never failed to ask me how I was doing and if I needed anything.Also the manager of Saddle Ranch stopped by my table to see if everything was okay.  I will definitely recommend this place.Very casual and fun atmosphere!!!By the way, free Wi-Fi too.Thumbs up on Saddle Ranch Chop House!
4	Food and ambiance at Saddle Ranch area really 2.5 stars at most, but the service and drinks are always on point. I work right around the corner @ the Galleria, so my co-workers and I have had many lunches here. Our group averages about 12-15 people, and usually, that would mean bad service and/or messed up orders. Not here at Saddle! Our drinks are never empty, food is always brought to the right person and the servers check on us regularly. Occasionally there are 2 servers, but it's usually just 1 and he/she always executes it all flawlessly. He/she also never has a problem splitting the bill. At the end of the meal, the manager usually hooks us up w/ free dessert! I've also been here many times at night w/ friends. We have a bartender friend so it's a great deal. ;-)
3	I can dig...what can go wrong when you have a mechanical bull in your establishment??  Think I need one in my office :)  Down to earth fun and every time I come, they're rocking 80's music.  Man I'm getting old.  How does one become a mechanical bull ride navigator?  That guy has the best job!  First off - dudes, yeah just stay off the bull it's not cool.  Gals, please step right up - this is where the fun begins.  You can imagine the decor of the place...old western style.  Drink specials isn't much to rave about but they do well.  As for dining here...I'm not sure.  I feel a tad bit dirty for some reason when I'm done with this place - enjoy!
3	The Saddle Ranch was a great place for happy hour.  I visited there with a friend the bartenders were awesome, the whole menu was half off, and the beer was cheep.  Can't beat that.  I didn't get to ride the mechanical bull but I'd probably be giving them 5 stars if I did.  Nice chill place for happy hour.  Parking was minimal but you can find a place across the street so the walk isn't too bad.
5	I went to the Chop House for a business meeting and lunch.I have to say, from the immediate greeting we got as we entered this restaurant to the excellent service by the nicest waitress in town with great food, I'll be back.Also, we needed help with our wi-fi and the manager came over and took charge and within a few minutes we were up and going with our business meeting. All in all, it was a great experience.Mike H.
4	Let me just start by saying the 4th star I'm giving this place is based on when I used to come here (we're talking over 2 yrs ago) every now and then for breakfast or lunch when I was still living in AZ. I just glanced over the menu and it pretty much looks the same, so I'm assuming the food is just as good (breakfast and lunch-wise...not sure about dinner). I used to love the breakfast burritos here and they used to have this FABULOUS lunch special I'm not sure if they offer anymore ($3.99 for half a wrap, salad or soup AND a soda!). This review is mostly for Saddle Ranch as a bar/night club (which is more like 3 stars). As far as I'm concerned this place is A-Ok. It's not my favorite place to go to in Scottsdale, but you can certainly do much worst. I was just in Scottsdale recently visiting family & friends and popped in here for a couple drinks on a Friday night and it was pretty much just as I remembered it. The one thing I really like about this place is that it's big! The patio is large, there's a lot of seating around the bar, there's booths, and there's an upstairs with plenty of tables. It's no secret that Scottsdale is full of douchebags so it's nice to know if you're sitting/standing near one (or several) there's plenty of places within the same bar you can relocate to. To be honest, besides the mechanical bull (which I've never been on) there's nothing about Saddle Ranch (for better or for worst) that really stands out for me and that's not necessarily a bad thing. The crowd is often pretty mixed (douches, cougars, bachelorette parties, ASU students, middle-aged couples having a "night out," etc...). I can't think of any particular drink specials this place offers, but the vodka/soda's I had the last time I was here were pretty strong, so that's good! If you're someone who's anti-Scottsdale you probably won't like this place. If you're someone who wants the most Scottsdale-like experience possible there are places more douchey than this. If you're in Old Town, like alcohol (who doesn't?) and doesn't mind a large mix of people Saddle Ranch is a pretty good spot!
4	Despite the bar setting, Saddle Ranch has surprisingly DELICIOUS food!  There's a huge selection of beer and cocktails (even lower-cal options) and their menu has everything from wraps to steaks. The cornbread and biscuits were addicting--SO GOOD!  I had the southwestern chicken wrap with baked beans. The tortilla was stuffed with tender grilled chicken, romaine lettuce, pico, corn salsa and jack cheese, all in perfect proportion.  The wrap was grilled and served nice and crispy-hot.  The beans were rich and flavorful. My dad had the ahi tuna wrap--I've never seen such a GIGANTIC piece of ahi served for under $10. Good food, fun atmosphere, very creative desserts (e.g. 3-foot cotton candy surrounded by cookies, chocolate cake, strawberries and whipped cream!)--I'll be back again and again.
4	Looking for a place to whet your whistle next Saturday or Sunday afternoon? As a huge proponent of Sunday Funday, I have to recommend Saddle Ranch as one of my all time faves. While Old Town Scottsdale is known for its plethora of nightlife, it's day-drinking scene can sometimes be overlooked. With a huge outdoor area that comes complete with ceiling fans, covered tables, and misters (a definite necessity if you're eating outside in AZ anytime of the year between April and October), its a patio-lover's paradise! The food is delicious, and the portions are definitely sharing-sized. My go-to hangover meal is always the baked green chili and jack macaroni and cheese. I consider myself somewhat of a Mac N Cheese connoisseur, and honestly - this dish is heavenly! The best part of spending your Saturday or Sunday morning/afternoon at Saddle are the drink specials. All of their specialty mimosas and bloody marys are only $2 a piece until 3pm! If you like your bloody spicy, I recommend the Jalapeno one - it's definitely got some kick! If you really want to do it right, I recommend arriving around 11am (it's busier once the football games start), bring some friends and your board game of choice (my friends and I are partial to Apples to Apples), spread yourselves out on a roomy patio table, and settle in for a day of cheap drinks and lots of laughs. Just tell the waitress to keep those mimosa's coming!!
2	Not horrible, maybe I've been here on bad nights. Drinks are expensive and bartenders are inattentive. I suggest getting an Adios M.F. because it is $13 and served in an OJ carafe, so you only need one. We also discovered go for the bottle of beer for $2.50 rather than the draft for $7. The draft is only a couple ounces more, so get yourself 2 bottles!
4	We came here for drinks the inside was spacious with a mechanical bull people were having a great time with that.  The outside patio was nice with the fire going.  The setting was ranch and country-ish but the music was pretty much anything mostly top 40 but the dj was willing to play whatever you request.  I think the DJ was the star of the night he had great music and didn't hang out behind his turntables all night he was having fun with the crowd and engaging people in a good time.
2	Maybe I should have just come for the bar.  I arrived, late, and wasn't able to order.  Good thing, because the portions are huge and everyone had leftovers, so I just ate theirs.  I sampled it all, and you'll be getting the calories for your money.  Too much reliance on butter and sugar.  Cheap, huge portions, but not the place I'd pick to eat.  The bar looked fun, but the birthday girl wanted to hit the clubs.  Maybe if I come back just for the bar, it might change my opinion.
3	I had been here to drink before but never to eat. Service was a little slow and the food was a little too normal. I know it is a bar but i was hoping for either hearty portions or some good BBQ or Grilled flavor. I got none of the above. The vibe in this place is pretty cool and the crowd is pretty good looking!
3	I've been here twice and the food is decent - I wouldn't seek it out, but it's not bad for a quick lunch. I really liked the sweet potato fries and that  dipping ranch sauce that comes with it. The service is OK...I kind of feel like I'm on an episode of "Rock of Love" with all the bedazzled clothes and headband bandanas there, but hey, I guess that's the image they're trying to go for. If you sit on the patio try to get a table that isn't peeling apart and God awful filthy. I nearly got splinters by grabbing by napkin off the table.
5	Belly up to the bar !   This is a fun spot to hang out and meet new  people.  It's not pretentious at all.  Great place to unwind and have fun.  The bar staff is very friendly and want to make sure you have a fun time.  Sit at the bar or nearby so you can catch the mechanical bull riding.
1	Don't go there! Noisy and rude waiters. Never got to eat. After waiting nearly an hour after being told a 20 min. wait, we left. Hostess was especially rude and told us we would need to wait another 20 min.
4	Hilarious place! Went here when a girlfriend and her friend were visiting from Chicago. Of course, everybody wanted someone to ride the bull as it was early and there wasn't too much going on... They paid for it, I was all in. I am going to say the braid, glasses, and sweatpants that all screamed I was whisked away from studying for an exam are what spared me from the "sexy time" settings they normally use for ladies that is almost uncomfortable to watch. It was fun!  I was surprised how easy it was to fall off!  Later a young waitress started talking to me about cutting my hair for $10 and coming to my house...she was also way young and just completed an erotic choreographed dance. I took her number but declined the offer. Decent laid back food and environment sure to give a laugh.
1	I can't imagine worse service than I received at this restaurant.We visited for a Sunday brunch, arriving around 11am.  Despite a handful of open tables, we were told to wait ("20 minutes") for a table.  30 minutes later, we were seated.  It's a restaurant, sometimes you need to wait...this was a bit annoying, but hey - it happens.Apparently the table we were seated at was not a part of this restaurant.  We were ignored by several servers.  After about 20 minutes the bar-tender came over, apologized for us not having been served and went to "go find our server."  We never saw her again.  20 minutes later, we complained to the host (who didn't seem to have any idea where he was), and were informed that one of the servers who had been ignoring us (he actually sat down for another conversation at another table) was actually our server.  He had literally walked past our drink-less table a dozen times.  No one was apologetic for this episode.  I'd expect something comped or at least the appearance of a manager (and an apology) for this episode but what we got was complete indifference.We left.  Angry.  I saw no evidence of any interest in customer service here.  I would not return under any circumstances.  The place was somewhat busy at the time of our visit but not enough to excuse this.
4	What is there to say about Saddle Ranch that hasn't been said before? Nothing.This is a solid place to grab a few drinks, but the menu doesn't always get a fair shake. The food is quite good here. I've never been let down. The chicken tortilla soup, the wings, the onion rings, the rubs, the wraps....everything is fantastic.Also, look for the GM and strike up a conversation with the guy. He's a pretty cool dude. I remember a few times he would come over and bring us a gigantic martini glass full of cotton candy on the house. A nice gesture for bring regulars.Service has always been good here, the food has always been good. The drink menu is creative and I LOVE the beer selection.On a side note, I refuse to ride the mechanical bull. You can though.
4	Love this bar. They have a mechanical bull, horse tack on the walls, fun tattooed staff and a full stocked bar. Their food is really good too believe it or not. Average prices for burgers, wraps and salads. Expensive for drinks but your right in the heart of old town and well worth it in entertainment value with the mechanical bull. Not uncommon to see women who should not sit in a high seated bar stool jump on (or rather crawl up with a helpful lift/shove from a male employee). Sometimes it's like watching a car accident, only its funny. So I'de rather pay scottsdale prices for a drink there instead of any other bar just to be able to watch the bull take win after win. Caution: not for the faint of heart, especially when they pull it forward and shake it real fast back and forth while a hefty lady has found her way on it. oooff well anyways. The place is fun, gets way packed on the weekend, and sometimes I have to wait way too long for a drink at the bar or my waitress to come back over to the table. By sometimes I mean 90% of the time especially when its not busy which makes no sense. Still love going there
3	good location, nice setup, but wasn't super impressed with the food. Excellent service and the Mechanical bull was calling my name... but think I'll save my bullride for next time, after a few jack n cokes!
4	Went here for a drink while waiting for our table at Stingray (across the street) and it was very entertaining. There was a fun crowd and most people were huddled around the bull. You could not pay me to ride a bull in one of these bars, but it is hilarious to watch the drunk guys and girls that attempt it! Wish we could have stayed longer, seemed like a fun laidback place.
4	best kept secret for breakfast in old town.  i ordered the open faced breakfast sandwich and was so happy!  it comes on a creamy texas toast base with your choice of prepared egg, bacon and a side of hash browns.  I went over-easy on the egg and my mouth is watering just thinking about this breakfast.  it was so good!  the plus here is adding a bloody mary was only $1.99 with breakfast.  me and my girls got a round!  why not?
4	Good food and good service.  If you're not getting the happy hour prices, you are overpaying.
5	Giddy up boys and girls!This is a fun, casual evening spot to grab drinks (& food) with your friends. From hanging out at the bar, the spacious patio with stone fire pit, or at any of the oversized wooden tables... you will recieve prompt and friendly service.  Drinks are well poured. Had a few too many drinks and want to ride the bull? It makes for great entertainment for those like me who love people watching anyways.This place is definitely a 'high energy, rock-western experience'.*please note, this is a review of Saddle Ranch as a spot to hang out, the food has not been tested by yours truley*
3	Fun bar, touristy but still sprinkled with typical scottsdale crowd. The only thing I didn't like was my recent experience. I was at table with about six friends and had already ordered drinks when we were asked to get up and let other people waiting sit down. If we hadn't ordered, I wouldn't of minded but there was no apparent sign to wait to be seated. Thought it was strange.
3	Saddle Ranch is not somewhere I would frequent but happened to have a gift certificate there from work xmas party and thought it was about time to use it.  Its funny.  When you walk into Saddle Ranch and look at the wall decorum you will find yourself staring at axes, saws, handcuffs, whips... all hung up ALL over the walls.  if it wasn't for the giant bar in the middle of the place you may think you've walked in to Chainsaw massacre's torture chamber.  It made me laugh at least.  There is the mechanical bull, which provides some entertainment (jocks mistakenly thinking they are rodeo stars). The service was actually really great when I have been there but I find it all quite expensive... food and drink alike.  They did make a dirty martini quite well though and gave me extra olives :)
4	Read that they show UFC fights. Got there and was immediately greeted by 2 gorgeous bartenders whose soul purpose was to get me bombed. Unfortunately I wanted to see the fight and not watch women's softball. Although the milf on the mechanical bull was highly entertaining. I'll give it another shot. The food looked like pretty good bar food btw.
5	Awesome food, atmosphere, bartenders, sweet as sugah bull riding operator. They give you free cotton candy (how nostalgic) if you hang out for a little bit and then stir up the inner cowgirl and get you to give the bull a shot. This place is always a good time with a great staff. One of my favorite spots in Old Town! Go for happy hour, its even better then!
3	I'm giving Saddle Ranch three stars because as a restaurant, this is a fun option if you're looking for a casual atmosphere with decent food, but as a bar, it's just ok and good for crazy nights on the town when you're looking for a mechanical bull and strong drinks. Beware of massive food portions! The food comes out on large skillets and many of the meals take up the entire plate. They have great breakfast with everything imaginable, including $1.99 Mimosas. For lunch/dinner, the have salads, wraps, burgers, steaks and more. They serve tasty biscuits and cornbread with every meal and they always seem to add a special treat to the meal whether it's a shot or over-sized martini glass full of cotton candy. The drinks definitely flow here at Saddle Ranch. They have everything from carafs of fruit cocktails to liters of beer. I can handle Saddle Ranch anytime before 10 PM. Before 10 PM, it's a lively restaurant that provides a social atmosphere for some eating and drinking. After 10 PM it turns into a scene straight from a bachelor or bachelorette party. It's the perfect spot if you are a part of either of those parties or looking to pretend like you are, but this isn't the spot you choose for a casual night on the town. This is the bar you choose if you want to throw back shots for hours and ride a mechanical bull while hundreds of people watch.
5	Some of the best service I have experienced.  Arrived at the restaurant and there wasn't a table available, because they were busy.  The manager bought my group a round of drinks and by the time the drinks were ready so was a table. Dinner was great and then much to our surprise the manager had sent a free desert for our very brief wait.  They know how to take care of their customers.  I can't wait to go back.
5	I honestly can't wait to go back!  If you are looking for a good time and a great place to hang seriously go here!  They have a mechanical bull that you can ride.  The service was FANTASTIC, in fact our waitress gave us 3 rounds of FREE shots!  UMMM hello!!
3	We've been to Saddle Ranch a few times on the weekends for a late breakfast and have been pleased with the food and service on both occasions.  While far from upscale, the atmosphere is unique and has a nicely put together "wild west" theme.  The food is inexpensive (approximately $10 for a breakfast entree) and as such, the quality is nothing to brag about, but the meals are a good value for the price.  I've had the egg-white veggie omelet and the huevos rancheros, both which were flavorful and not greasy.  The hash browns are a bit bland, but edible.  They also offer $3 bloody marys and mimosas.  The death valley extra spicy bloody mary has good flavor, but the mimosas are a bit heavy on OJ and light on the bubbly, although what do you really expect for $3?  This isn't a place that we'd be likely to try dinner at, but we'll be back for another breakfast or maybe try out lunch next time.
3	I have been here a few times for lunch but never by choice.  It is a top pick for team lunches since it is right around the corner from my office building and they can easily accommodate a large group.   Despite what you make have heard (or seen) about Saturday nights, this place is really slow during the day, especially in the low tourist season.  It is kind of a cool place with the funky western decor and the whole urban cowboy thing going on but I just really don't care for the food.  It is a pretty boring menu and overall they seem to choose quantity over quality and that just doesn't do it for me.So, why three stars you ask?  Well, I went here tonight for Happy Hour and actually had a pretty good time.  The appetizers were very tasty (quesadillas and onion rings for me) and everyone commented on how good the drinks were.  And everything was half price!  I got a giant size glass of Stella Artois (they have it on tap) so I was pretty happy.  The friendly bartender kept the party going with some free shots.  Albeit they were "girly" ones, more sugar than alcohol, but hey we did all have to drive home after all.  Well, not me actually; fortunately, I car pool.
5	Can we say mechanical bull! I may have try it!  If your looking for a fun evening then I highly recommend you going here!
3	After about a half a dozen visits to Saddle Ranch I continue to leave slightly unimpressed, but thoroughly entertained by amateur bull riding. Unlike the vHI1 reality show, the place is never packed and the patrons are not famous or beautiful, rather the crowd is typically bachelor (ette) type parties, and douche bags.  These "type" are typically wasted and prove to be quite the show during a bull ride, but not fun to co-exist with otherwise.  It's these losers that keep me from sticking around too long, not the bar itself or the staff.  In fact, the only eye candy in the place is the staff (For men and women), and unlike many Old Town bars, they are actually very friendly.  SR is almost always running drink specials, and I just recently found out about their brunch specials serving $1.99 mimosas and bloody mary's (Yes, I know where I have I been?).  My recommendation for SR is: it's a great place to stop in for drinks and cotton candy, especially when you have friends in town. It by no means represents AZ bars, but for some reason out-of-towners love to think we are all a bunch of bullriding rednecks!
2	The last two times I've been to Saddle Ranch, it's been disappointing. Both times, my group and I arrived during dinnertime and asked to be seated inside for dinner. When we arrived, the entire restaurant was practically empty and yet both times, they told us that the wait was 45 min- an hour due to "reserved parties." Yet like I said, nobody was there and in the time we were there, I never saw one "reserved party" arrive. While the wait to sit inside was 45 min - an hour, coincidentally enough, they always have seating available on the patio which is where they seated everyone who were walk-ins. Since we were hungry, we ended up sitting out on the patio and the seats inside remained empty for the majority of the time we were there. Do they want people to sit on the patio to make it seem like more people are at Saddle Ranch then really are? Who knows, but when it's that hot it's too to eat outside. I understand that restaurants get crowded, but we've now come to Saddle two times and have been told it's too full to be seated inside both times and we could either wait an hour, leave or sit on the patio in 115 degree weather. Next time I will probably choose another restaurant to visit when it's time to pause the Saturday activities and have a bite to eat in a lively setting. Instead, I'll keep this place on my list when I need a spot for a rowdy night out and I don't need sit-down service.
4	This was my very first visit to the Scottsdale Saddle Ranch but have been to the LA location a couple of times.  I was never really impressed with the food, or service for that matter, and assumed my over payment was for the location.  But, this review isn't about their LA location so back to business...A few friends and I went for happy hour on Friday around 6:30 pm.  They weren't too busy and we were all able to get seats at the bar.  Our bartender was great, in fact I'm pretty sure I told her I loved her.  The service was fast and the food was actually good.We started with the sweet potato fries.  Holy f-bombs, they were amazing.  They came with 2 dipping sauces, a spicy ketsup and a cinnamon frosting somthing or other.  I'm not sure we spoke too many words during this time, just shoveling, and watching the other to see if they were going to take the last few- greedy.We also had the nachos.  Not as good as the fries but were so very good.  One of my friends asked if he could hold the plate while we finished eating all of the stuck on cheese.  Yes, please!  These were huge so plan on sharing.The last thing we had was the cotton candy.  For not liking cotton candy, I sure had a lot of it.  It was good but after a bit, and I'm sure due to the warm weather, started to get a little funky.  We did also consume adult beverages.  I had beer and it was, well, beer.  Overall, this place was good and yes, I am a fan.  I'm not sure I would go during rush hours.Oh, make sure you ride the bull.  My friends had a blast.
3	The bartenders were cool and the food was delicious! They rang the bell for me which made me feel pretty special! The crowd was mixed with a few older and mostly younger people. We had free drinks all night from one of the patrons who offered to pay for me to ride the bull. I passed...no need to break any bones! We had major fun!
5	Second large group experience here.Out with a party of 10 at 8pm Saturday night looking for dinner and drinks.  After being told it would be a long wait at R&R, we walked to Saddle Ranch.  They said 30 minutes to get us a table for 10... but volunteered that since we had a wait, they would set us up at the bar and the first round is on the house. (!!!)The wait was probably a little longer than 30 minutes, but the bartender made great drinks, food and prices were good, and our server brought us a round of after-dinner shots, again, on the house.  I was especially pleased because this is the second time I've come with a large group on the weekend and we were treated really well at Saddle Ranch - that is why I direct all my large groups here.  Cheers to the manager for taking care of us and earning our loyalty.EDIT: If you're out on a weekend night looking for a good value for a drink, the AMF is the house specialty.  $13 for a carafe (guessing 32 ounces) of a coconut-flavored long island.If you ride the bull as a guy, the operator tries to throw you as quickly as possible.  For girls, however, they go pretty easy on you.
5	When I first saw this place I was little like ummm we are really going in there? But I am so glad we did! Most of the bars were really crowded except for one in the corner where no one was. Me and my friends went over and the super friendly bartender was more then happy to serve us. She gave us some great deals. The first was that she gave me a 2 for 1 on my rum and coke (2 shots for the price of 1). She then offered to give us free shots if we bough a bandanna. (There was some sort of contest and her boss told her she needed to up her numbers.) My friend got a bandanna and we all come some delicious shots. We then all took a turn riding the bull which was such a blast. Sadly I was too tipsy to be much good, but it was still fun none the less. Even if you sucked the crowd was on your side. As we were getting ready to leave I had to have a bandanna of my own. I went back to my favorite bartender and she offered up another round of shots for my bandanna.Free shots, fun bandannas, and a mechanical bull. What else do you need?
5	Always a fun time. Food is good, drinks are good, and THEY HAVE COTTON CANDY, along with a mechanical bull (which is on my list to-do). This place is really good for large groups and the crowd is very diverse in age, which I enjoy. I've never been here during the day time, just late dinner and drinks time, but I still highly recommend it! All the staff is friendly and seem to enjoy their job which kinda makes you have a better time since they are all joking around and laughing.
3	Had a $2 bloody mary here. It tasted like $2.  I love bloody marys with a kick and mine definitely had one.They just need to tone down the olive juice or whatever was causing that rubbery sour flavor. I like their decor, ambiance, and friendly service. I'll give them another try, maybe their mimosas will be better.
2	Saddle Ranch can be fun...It can also be frustrating. I've been to Saddle for lunch a number of times, and if you're in a group of more than 4, plan for a 2 hour lunch extravaganza. It's that slow. There are some good menu options. I think their Cajun burger is good, I've had breakfast there once that I thought was alright, and they offer cheap/bottomless bloody mary's or mimosas during breakfast and lunch. I think the food is overpriced, and the plates they serve on are so unnecessarily, comically large that it doesn't leave much room on your table for the essentials like napkins and silverware. My guess is that they want you to have that "outdoor cookin' on giant wooden plates" kind of experience, which would make sense if they weren't in the heart of Old Town...Seeing a Ferrari packed with cougars driving by doesn't scream "outdoor cookin'". I rode the bull here one night, and while I don't really remember it, apparently it was hilarious. If I did things like that more often, I might rate Saddle a lot higher. Unfortunately, I can only go on what I know, which is typically a lunch with OK food and service that takes twice as long as it should. The weirdest part to me is that the service for a group of 5+ is slow even when the restaurant looks otherwise empty. I kept giving Saddle another chance (8 chances in total, apparently), but I kept getting disappointed.If you've got time to kill, Saddle is an OK lunch option. If you've got an hour for lunch, you're better off going elsewhere.
2	So many great places right in this area.  This place is a disappointment compared to most of them.  No wonder they sometimes give away random stuff to nice customers (we got cotton candy).  At least the service was good.
5	For starters, the decor is awesome. It is OLD TOWN SCOTTSDALE. Saddle Ranch, and it's "western vibe" make Old Town, feel even more "Old Town'ish." The restaurant has a patio AND a huge interior, with plenty of seating, a bar, and a mechanical bull. It just wouldn't be the same without the mechanical bull, now would it?But, let's cut the crap and talk about what's really important... the food and drink! In that order. I am a big Wedge Salad person. Their wedge is official, an actual wedge of iceberg lettuce, topped with bacon, bleu cheese, tomatoes and all the fixings. It's big enough for me to call it dinner. I like to pair it with a light wine, and then get my fattening grub from the boyfriends plate (which is usually ginormous!) Usually my bf gets the ribs, and as the side he gets the sweet potato. Now, this isn't your mamas sweet potato (unless she's Paula Dean). This is an amazing griddle served hot, with burnt marshmallows on top and you can just taste the brown sugar! Mmm.. And as you finish your dinner, full as can be, they bring out a festive bowl of cotton candy. Me and my boyfriend played with it more than ate it (I can't believe I just admitted to that), but it made the night even more fun.The drinks are very good, wide variety, just strong enough + they have flavor. If you order a "signature drink," be ready... They are HUGE. They are enough for two to share and way too much if you have work the next day and want to be coherent. Perfect place for a Tuesday night happy hour, dinner, or a Sunday lunch.. I would go to this place all the time (as in weekly) if I wasn't more adventurous!
4	Great atmosphere for an early Friday night. My wife & daughter's  had a great time & the food was sufficient. Cool adult place for later.
1	Bartenders= 100% cool. Bouncers = Douche-bags. Management= A step above a monkey in a suit. Great place for sub-standard food that is way overpriced.  It also has really nice cheap and corny decor inside.  If you wear Tap-Out gear with a bandana tied on your head or if you are a 45+ patron "trying" to recapture a youthful night of fun, come here and you will fit right in.  You could throw a dart at a map and find an establishment with better food and there are waaaaay more places in walking distance that are more fun to grab a drink at.Saddle Ranch (even the 2 in LA), you guys should crawl in a hole and die.
4	Although I wasn't a huge fan of my fish tacos....we did order a lot of food off the menu and I tried a bunch of stuff that was really good.  The ribs and sliders we great.  The chili was pretty good too.  Nice "modern/western vibe", outdoor seating and they have a mechanical bull!  We ended our dinner with a HUGE ball of cotton candy!  Plus Old Town Scottsdale is pretty cool
3	My friends and I stopped at the Chop House for brunch.  I ordered the create your own omelette. When the order came out, I was a but underwhelmed by the size of the meal, especially on the size of the plate that I received. The Chophouse should really use smaller plates for brunch and not the big plates used for the steaks. Nothing like getting a big plate with about half the plate full of food. I really enjoyed the hash browns. The hash browns were nice and crispy and had a great taste. Service was good. There was a foul up on an order at the table. The server offered a solution and went to go fix it but then went to hang out at another table to gab. I was basically done with my meal (as well as someone else) by the time the fix came.Overall the experience was good, but not great.3.5
3	Definitely a fun place to go with a group. There is a large bar and they are usually very accomidating if you are with a good amount of people. The main attraction at Saddle Ranch is the bull riding ring. Even if you're not taking part in it, it is still amusing to watch others give it a try. I wouldn't say the food is amazing, but I thought the sandwich and fries I had hit the spot and were reasonably priced. Also, I have been here for bloody marys on a Sunday and enjoyed sitting outside with some drinks.
2	Blah.My family and I went for dinner here on Sunday night.  The place was fairly dead, but the staff seemed like they were in a panic.Food was very bland.  I had the hollywood burger.  Nothing special about it and my fries were fairly cold.Service was absolutely awful.  They just flat out forgot about us a few times.  Won't be back next time I'm in AZ.
3	A group of about 15 of us went there on a Sunday night, and had a great time!The food was good.  Kind of average, but satisfying.  I ordered the french dip, and it was huge!  I also enjoyed the huge carafe of Gold Rush (liquid courage for the mechanical bull).  The drink was a little syrupy and sweet, but definitely did the trick.  I mean, I did get on that bull...!Needless to say, I quickly fell- but my friend Amy (also a first time rider) won the competition!Despite my bruised face and ego, I had a great time at the Saddle Ranch.I would definitely come back if I ever found myself in Scottsdale again.But I'll probably stay off the bull...I mean, save a horse and just ride a cowboy.
1	I will never, ever go to this place again. I've gone to happy hour a few times with coworkers after work and the service, as well as the manager/owner (long hair, goatee) are just the rudest people on earth. If you have more than 4 or 5 people they won't split the check individually, meaning, someone has to front the bill for everyone. Hey guys---- it's 2012 and people pay with debit. Your friends down the road at Dos Gringos have no problem opening and closing tabs on a whim or splitting the checks between 20 people. Take a hint. A girl was vomiting out front because she had, had too much to drink. She was there literally for under 5 minutes- she puked once and was trying to get her stuff together. The people she was with were trying to get her together as well and the manager/owner came and YELLED at them. He threatened to have them arrested if they didn't leave IMMEDIATELY. After that incident, I cashed out and left. If you own a bar and someone is vomiting, either help them get to the bathroom or offer them some water. Threatening to have them arrested is just trashy.On that note, it doesn't surprise me that this place was dead on a Saturday at 12:30 AM. This place sucks.Don't waste your money.
1	probably fun for a family. food was ordinary. staff were not responsive
3	The only good thing about this place is getting to ride the mechanical bull.  It was empty both nights we stopped by.  At least I get to mark something off my bucket list!
4	We decided to do a little bar hopping and started here....It was full of fabulous people and in Giants gear! Wuuhuu! People were riding the bull, music was playing people were laughing, drinking, eating and having a great time. This experience was way better than the one I had at Universal, California. We ordered drinks only...munchies not kicked in yet. The Sweet Tea served in that big carafe was very good. It's 13.00 bucks but well worth it! Cheers!!
5	Excellent food! Great environment and awesome service!  Our server even brought us FREE cotton candy for dessert. Try some of their mixed drinks. I could not even finish mine they were so BIG. They were very delicious.
5	Say what you want about this touristy place. They treat locals like gold. yeah, food is a bit expensive but everything is HIGH END. Burgers were awesome, if overpriced by three dollars or so. The hot wings had some BBQ sauce mixed into the hot sauce, which is a pet peeve of mine. The ribs were tender and smokey. Steak was also good here, everything is good. I know tourists want that "cowboy touch" but I like hot wings unadulterated, The bartender was attentive and fun and the manager bought us shots "just because". We had a great time and all the memorabilia gives you something to focus on when the shots start to hit. Great place to enjoy, again.. on payday.
4	I love the western theme & the mechanical bull is entertaining. Food is average but huge portions, great for sharing. The bartender's always give me free shots. Got to love that!
1	Refused to call me a cab because I had a phone.
4	Over the years I have been to Saddle Ranch many times for lunches, date night, or when family is in town and it is always a consistent and great meal for any occasion.  I've tried a bunch of their food and it is always good with HUGE portion sizes, I have never been home without a to-go box!!!! After almost every meal our table has been served a complementary 3 foot tall tower of Cotten Candy!! Very friendly staff!The one meal I really miss that was recently removed from their menu was the Country Fried Steak. If owners are reading this review, please...please...pleassseee put it back on the menu! k thanks ;)Also, if you have never taken a bull by the horns....or in this case a mechanical bull...you've got to ride the bull for some great country fun!!!
4	I was skeptical on what to expect coming here because it seems to have such mixed reviews, but I left a happy! It was a Thursday afternoon when I came for happy hour, so it was pretty dead but the happy hour was such a great deal with all the appetizers and drinks being half off. We ordered a couple drinks that come in those big caraffees and it lasted me the entire meal. For food we went with the monster platter? Or whatever the platter is that basically has a sampling of several of the appetizers. Everything was really good, but especially that marshmallow dipping sauce they give you for the sweet potato fries. Delicious. Mid-eating, the manager walks up with 2 shots and says they're for us on the house. What? Why? But sure! Then about 15 minutes later the hostess comes out with an oversized martini glass that holds their 3 foot tall cotton candy dessert. On the house. I'm assuming this was all because they were pretty dead and we were 2 of the youngest people in there so it may've been a ploy to get us to come back later that night or weekend or spread the word about how great the place was (or write them a great yelp review). Regardless of the intentions, it was a very nice gesture that I will gladly accept. They certainly didn't have to do that, but they did and there aren't many restaurants out there that would do something like that to try to lure more people in or show customer appreciation - so I'll take it. I can see this place being a fun atmosphere at night too, so we'll definitely stop back in if we're ever in town visiting again.
3	Pretty cool-looking bar. Of course, it's cowboy themed and what's says cowboy than a  cool mechanical bull?! Really nice atmosphere, came here with two colleagues for drinks (not food) on a Friday night around 11 p.m. Despite the nice atmosphere, plenty of places to sit and stand, and the mechanical bull, there wasn't a whole lot of people in the bar which isn't a bad thing since the bar was easy to access, but it seems like this place is more of a sit down/casual drink spot. Might need to try to come back on a Saturday night to see if there's more life.With that said, I would probably come back here to try out their food too and enjoy a beer. I haven't tried the bull yet (I would need some more drinks before going up in front of everyone haha) but it's definitely a nice addition to the ranch!
4	Pretty cool because the place is big! You get to ride a mechanical bull which me & my friends rode bahaha. Note, do not wear a dress! Free matches, no cover. We rode the bull for free and then they tried to charge us later.
4	Saddle Ranch is always a fun place to stop when in the area. It get's a little loud and crazy on weekend nights, but the music is great (providing you like country) and their menu selection is quite extensive. Oh yeah, can't forget the cotton candy!!
2	I love the cornbread and butter but the rest can do without. The plates are so huge and super sloppy. The lettuce wraps are no good!  I did like our waitress but the bar tender with blonde hair was supper bitchy to the other staff it was annoying.
3	We ate here twice while on a business trip from Atlanta in June. The first time, it was just a few of us. The second time, it was our entire group. As expected, they group experience was a little less pleasant. Overall, I really dug the atmosphere, but the food left a good bit of room for improvement. The food was rather drab. I had a burger the first time and a steak the latter. Both were somewhat bland. The burger was not cooked the way I ordered and the steak was somewhat tough. This being a steakhouse, I expected quite a bit more.The only thing that found itself worthy if 3 stars was the service and the atmosphere. Everyone I encountered was super friendly. The staff was more than willing to accommodate our group and I hate being the one to say it, but the food was a let down. If you are just going to have a few beers with friends, this is a great place, but if you're wanting an awesome meal, I suggest you go elsewhere.
4	Love their salads. A bit pricey. Fun party atmosphere at all of their locations in AZ. Make sure you wear pants so you can ride the bull before dinner! Great Cotten candy on your birthday!
5	Just had brunch here on Christmas Day. Not typical bar food. Got the breakfast sandwich.  Hash browns perfectly crispy. Husband got chicken n' biscuits. Yum!Heavy on the vodka in the cocktails. Love this place!
5	This our third visit from out of town. First was just after the opening during Super Bowl 42Always good Great service and food Perfect melting pot to meet people
5	Had never been here before.  Was just walking by (looking in at the fenced patio), and if it weren't for the hostess standing out on the sidewalk inviting me to take a closer look inside, I probably would have kept walking.  I stepped into the main building entrance where I was again greeted, this time by Ashley (a server) who told me about the place, the mechanical bull, the specials, even some of the buildings history.  I felt right at home and decided to take a seat and txt my friend to join me.  After she arrived, we were welcomed by the GM (Rob) who came to our table with a tasty treat (his complements) and he spent a good 5 minutes answering our queries about the building, it's history, the company, their other locations, etc.  This place is AWESOME.  I mean, it's already a cool place, but the people that take care of you here make the experience unforgettable.  Great service and a fun experience.Highly recommended evening of fun.
5	Holy cow! $2 mimosas and bloodys til 3 every day. And many to choose from at that. Try the blue cheese Bacon burger!
3	I've been here several times now and I want to give them a higher rating because there's some things I really like here but there's others that keep me from doing so with a clear conscience.  A friend and I planned on meeting for lunch today and we were going to go to RnR but there was a 2 hour wait for a table, uhhhhh, no thanks.  We had driven past Saddle Ranch and saw that it wasn't too busy and figured we could get seated a little quicker.We walked up and were greeted right away (love that) and the host told us it would take him a couple minutes to get a table cleared for us so he walked us to the bar and said our first drink was on him.  I won't argue about that!  A couple minutes later he came back and walked us to our table and gave us our menus.  From greeting to seating he was super friendly, helpful and joking around with us, definitely my favorite part of the experience.  However; after we were seated we waited, and waited, and waited some more, all the while watching multiple servers walk by, some just standing around looking bored.  We finally got someone to come over after staring obnoxiously to get her attention.  She was nice but not anywhere near as friendly as the host who originally greeted us.  We each ordered a mimosa as they're only $1.99 with the order of a meal before 3pm.  Then I ordered the Fish Tacos and my friend ordered the Chicken Strips buffalo style with a side of the sweet potato fries.Now, the restaurant wasn't super busy, the inside section didn't have very many tables occupied and the patio was about 75% full but nothing outrageous but lo and behold we had a long wait for our food AND drinks.  I could understand the food maybe taking a bit longer but come on, it takes 30 seconds to pour juice and champagne into a glass and the mimosas came out at the same time as the food.  We probably would have ordered more drinks and stayed longer to just hang out if we thought we would get them within a decent amount of time but that just wasn't going to happen today.  As for the food my Fish Tacos were interesting.  The flavor was just okay and I thought it was weird that the fish was in almost cube like shapes instead of just having a filet in the tortillas like I was expecting.  The chicken strips were pretty good but it's hard to mess those up.  My favorite was the sweet potato fries.  They were perfectly cooked, had a great flavor and came with a sweet dipping sauce that was amazing.So the bottom line is that I love the atmosphere, the selectively awesome service and the fact that a lot of the time you'll get free drinks/shots/cotton candy BUT I can't give 5 or even 4 stars due to the fact that service is very slow, the serving staff isn't great and the food is average.  If on another occasion these things improve then I'll update my rating but this is all I can give them for now.
4	I had a bad couple experiences coming here because I always came at night while bar hopping.  My boyfriend and I recently came here for dinner and I loved it.  Since we live in the area, we found a 40% off coupon in the mail and decided to use it.  I guess they were trying to use the coupon to lure in locals because the coupon came with a few shots from management too.  Although the food and service were really great, I don't think I would pay full price to come here again.  It's definitely a step above an Applebees or TGIFridays but it's not good enough to pay $15 for a burger.  I may have to come back for the all you can eat ribs night.
2	Food just ok. We went with about 40 people and the served us a buffet dinner. Drinks ok but the BULL RIDE was AWESOME. Definitely gotta ride the bull.
5	This rock meets western themed restaurant is a fun place to enjoy a good night out! The service is top notch and the food is amazing! I highly recommend their steaks and you MUST add truffle butter and garlic shrimp. Very delicious. We were  brought over a giant pink cotton candy along with shots for free on the owner!!  Can't beat service like that!!!  Ending your night riding the bull is always the way to go...
5	I live in Los Angeles and frequent the Universal City location and LOVE it! I was visiting a friend last weekend and we were passing through the area and I saw that there was a Saddle Ranch here and was super excited.  My friend had never been, so we decided to stop for dinner.  We got the truffle mac and cheese to start....AMAZING!!!  Seriously, the best mac and cheese.  For dinner I got my usual, prime rib (no one beats their prime rib) and my friend got the fried chicken (I ate some of her's and it is so good).  I was wondering if there would be a difference in the food and service from the Universal location, but there wasn't.  The food was just as amazing as ever and the staff was extremely nice.  The manager, Ashley, brought us the vanilla bread pudding for dessert, which is probably the best dessert ever...I'm not kidding.   We had a great time and the next time my friend visit me, we're going to Saddle Ranch:)
5	Great service underscores the experience we had.  The manager ans staff were very nice, attentive and serviced GREAT food.  The atmosphere was lively and fun.  Next time we're in town, we will be back!
5	I haven't been to saddle ranch in a while and today we had the best service! Alex was great, suggested great food and for us to try along with awesome conversation. rare to find. Alex's service was speedy, professional and spectacular! We don't live in Old Town anymore but will definitely be back more often for saddle ranch!
4	Unlimited Mimosas, Bull Riding, delicious breakfast burritos! Scottsdale has some really great places to eat!! And that's a compliment coming from a NJ/NYC girl!
5	Bravo, Saddle Ranch, bravvooo!!!Went here for dinner on 3.17.13. It was pretty crowded (as it was delightfully warm and a holiday), but our 3-person party was seated within a couple of minutes. We were seated on the patio and it was perfect! Good place to people watch too.Service was friendly and prompt. We all ended up w/some sort of burger (get the "Original" - soooo heavenly!). I did end up taking some of my burger (due to large volume) home w/me. They have a nice recipe for their hamburgers. And, they got my order right - bloody rare! Yay!And, the best part?? Free green apple cotton candy for dessert at our table? I love it! It was a bit sweet for my liking but I did enjoy poking holes in our spun sugar "torch". You guys are great! I'll be back for sure. You have won my heart!** NOTE: It would be awesome to include baby/wet wipes while being served the cotton candy at the end - that way you're not walking away w/a sticky mess of hands. ;)
1	Went for lunch on 3/21/2013 with two out of town business associates. I wanted to take them to a Western themed restaurant as one associate was from another country.  One person was a vegetarian, the other wanted steak. At the sidewalk, looking at the menu board, the hostess ushered us in, after we asked if we could get in and out in 45 minutes. She assured us we could as they weren't very busy. The restaurant was at 30% capacity.After we were seated and waited 10 minutes, and no waitress had stopped at our table, I flagged down a manager who apologized for the wait and took our order. We all ordered the same Cajun Burger. There were many bandana clad servers and staff on the floor and I saw two tables return food that was not ordered or incorrect.After another 30 minutes of waiting, I flagged down the same manager who apologized profusely and went to the kitchen and our food arrived shortly thereafter. The waitress did manage to refill our drinks once but we had barely seen her on the floor. She offered no apologies or explanations.  At that time we had less than ten minutes to be back to our meeting and had to gulp down the food.  The manager apologized again and offered us coupons for 20% off that we threw away. The food was good, but the wait and service were so bad that the experience left a bad taste in our mouths and we would never return.
5	This place was AWESOME! Our waiter, Alex, was the best! The food was great! We had the prime rib. Cooked to perfection! The waitress brought us free shooters.looking forward to next year to sample some of the other selections on the menu.
4	We went here with some friends from out of town and they loved it.  We were comped some shots because we had to wait but it was wonderful.  One of our friends even rode the mechanical bull.  Good fun !  They comped us a giant Cotton Candy in a metallic martini glass that was fun to pass around the table.  Great environment.  We sat out on the front patio.  Great Service,  Great food, Great Ambiance..  a lot of fun.
4	Located in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, we enjoy bringing friends and relatives here.  Self parking is a mess here, so I use the valet service that's at the front of the restaurant.  It's 100x easier than trying to find parking yourself.The restaurant is huge and offers indoor & outdoor seating as well as seating on the 2nd level.  We've always dined in the main dining room on the 1st floor.  Here are some of the menu items I've had:Sweet Potato Fries, $8.99Jalapeno Mac n Cheese, $10.99Black Truffle Mac n Cheese, $13.99Spinach & Artichoke Dip, $10.99BBQ Burger, $12.99Filet, $29.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/saddle-ranch-chop-house-scottsdale?select=w5yMCDXjT_g93ur6zj0_QA#w5yMCDXjT_g93ur6zj0_QAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/saddle-ranch-chop-house-scottsdale?select=cJOIml3aeW0BW3G8EzFEbw#cJOIml3aeW0BW3G8EzFEbwI have to say that both their Jalapeno and Black Truffle Mac n Cheese dishes are some of the best Mac n Cheese dishes I've ever had.  They're a must have with every meal when we're here.The Sweet Potato Fries and Spinach & Artichoke Dip are average.  The BBQ Burger is amazing...very juicy and sloppy with the BBQ Sauce dripping out of the sides of the Burger when I bite into it....yum!The Filet is above average...I wouldn't say it's one of the best I've had though.  Although I order it slightly Medium Well, I think they leave it on too long because it comes out more on the well side than I prefer.  Most really good Steakhouses will get it right for me.The atmosphere here is loud and fun.  There's a mechanical bull if that's your deal...on weekend nights, it's comical to watch the drunks jump on it.  On a few of our visits the server gave us complimentary Cotton Candy for dessert.  They're known for that....it's very good and always a pleasant surprise when we get it.Return Factor - 90%
2	I don't know why people keep insisting on coming here, but rest assured if there is a birthday, anniversary, or promotion someone will enthusiastically suggest Saddle Ranch as the venue to celebrate.Maybe it's the mechanical bull... but for me watching some 19 year old ride the bull while some 40 year old dude wearing an affliction shirt and years of regret shouts inappropriate things at a girl young enough to be is daughter is more the makings of a To Catch a Predator episode rather than a good time.I know it's not the service... I've been to multiple locations, and this one multiple times, and I can tell you it isn't the service.  Unless your favorite type of beer is an empty one, then this is your joint.Must be the cotton candy.  Yes, that's it.  If you really need some cotton candy and the Arizona State Fair isn't in town then I suggest Saddle Ranch.
5	We went for the first time last night.  We were able to sit outside and really enjoyed it.  Although there were a couple of big parties near us it wasn't too loud.  We were waited on promptly and had a fantastic meal.  I had the salmon which was great and my husband had a great steak, done perfectly.  We were brought a complimentary shot of some liqueur for no reason and asked about our meal and service.  Just a great evening for not knowing about the food there.  I would recommend!
5	Saddle Ranch is awesome! I recently started coming here again because the staff is exceptional and are definitely on top of their game as far as being friendly and knowing how to tend bar! Our serve Alex B was great and concocted some amazing shots for us. I enjoyed his level of service so much that I recently had my birthday at the private upstairs bar and was blown away that saddle ranch gave us free champagne to celebrate! This is now my go to bar in old town!
1	This place is out of business as of Monday morning.  The staff were called that morning and to not come in as the owner is closing the doors.   What a douche thing to do.... oh wait it is in Old Town, so par for the course....
