3	When arriving at Edinburgh airport you would be forgiven for thinking you had arrived at some small towns airport and not that of the capital city. It is surprisingly tiny for a capital airport and if you are stuck here for a good few hours, you will realise there is not much on offer here.I am one of those sad acts who quite enjoy milling around the airport at all the fancy shops (Heathrow, I am looking at you) or enjoying the fantastic people watching opportunities (Schipol). But Edinburgh airport has none of this. One pretty small, in terms of airports anyway, terminal building. A few shops pre-security but nothing too exciting. Security is usually quite quick in this airport, I think because it is so small it doesn't have huge traffic numbers so that is a bonus. There is the standard duty free shop and a few bars post security and that is it. So you have two hours to kill in uncomfortable seats and not much else to do. Best bring a book. There is a window overlooking the runway so you can watch the planes, so it wins in that way. I hear they are expanding the airport, so it should improve.
4	With the refurbishment over, Edinburgh Airport has now become much larger and is more what you expect from a capital airport. The security tends to be quite straightforward and less of a nightmare as it is in other places. There are a few duty free shops and a couple of Costa's but don't expect Heathrow glamour- the shops are just the right amount and take into account that you either start or finish you journey in Edinburgh rather than being an international transfer hub. You get everyone here. From the British airways business class to the Ryanair stag parties Edinburgh airport has a place for them all. Getting to and from the airport has never been an issue- even with public transport and the cabs from the centre cost about 18-20 pounds. It's about a 20-30 minute drive by car which can vary from the traffic and there is intense roadworks for a connecting tram line as well.
3	Having spent a lot of time waiting in Amsterdam Schiphol during my exchange year abroad, I couldn't help compare the two airports.  Admittedly the two are substantially dissimilar in terms of size and available destinations, however a few differences are note worthy.Unlike Amsterdam Schiphol, the arrival lounge is pretty much non-existent. A mere Costa coffee sits alongside a whimsically designed arrivals hallway. Shops are scattered around for good measure but with no eye for convenience or ergonomic practicalities in mind.Having used the airport now and again for several years there consistently seems to be construction underway within some area of the airport, adding to more inconvenience in some way or another.All of these qualities are missing from Schiphol airport.Rant over, it's best to get through Edinburgh airport as fast as possible. Although I presume most of the public apply this ideology to every airport regardless.
4	Edinburgh airport has seen a massive overhaul in more recent years, and now looks a lot bigger and a lot more presentable than it once did. It hosts a number of shops for you to peruse as you wish away the hours before your flight. There are numerous coffee shops both before and after security.Security isn't as much of a fuddle as I thought it would be - it's pretty seamless, and before you know it you've been thoroughly checked (without the attitude that you get in JFK or any other international airport) and you can be on your merry way to the bar or wherever it is you're going.It's bizarre Sam should talk about Schiphol - I always compare airports to there now that I've been in it a few times. It's quite enormous, easier to manage and just more upmarket than Scottish airports in general. But with an upmarket Wetherspoons (I know, I can't believe it either), friendly staff and minimal fuss before a flight, this wee Scottish airport ain't doing too badly.
4	Did I just give an airport 4 stars? I think I did and with no regrets or second guesses. When we arrived here from Dublin they didn't hassle us about passports which surprised me a bit, but it was wonderful and the bus that takes you into the city is only 6 pounds and around 30 mins. This airport is clean and really nice looking inside and out. I actually couldn't believe I was having a stress free travel experience in an airport on both my incoming and outgoing flights!
4	My experience of Edinburgh airport is as a domestic UK traveller, and for this journey, it's great. Only having carry on luggage helps even more. You land, get off the plane, down the escalators past the baggage carousel (if you need it), then straight out the door to the bus and taxi stands. 25 minutes later (even quicker if you take a taxi) you're in the middle of the city. From the wheels hitting the ground to getting a pint at one of Edinburgh's fantastic bars is usually about an hour, door to door.A great way to start a trip. Think of the poor souls who land in Heathrow Terminal 5.
5	Very good airport.
3	Overall an OK airport, some works are being done in the departure area and I am sure this will help a great deal to improve the experience.
2	I used to find the security staff at Edinburgh Airport laughably rude and inept at social interaction. They probably think it makes them scary or something. Bless. But now? I'm very confused, due to one particular member of staff at securitypicture this, if you will:Jacket, shoes, watch and belt removed from person and in plastic tray ready to be x-rayed  so far, so standard. But then, just as I was about to go through the arch, security woman barks:Scarf? Off.Cardigan  off(This reveals my fashion-forward second cardigan, or 'undercardi'  you'll all be wearing them next season)Cardigan? Off Socksoff.Really? Dinner first though, surely?Cripes. I believe some people pay for this sort of thing, y'know.She slowly assesed me from bottom to top. I felt naked under her piercing gaze; I nearly was. But wait just a momentdid my eyes decieve me, or was there a slight smile (very slight  this is Edinburgh Airport security, after all) flickering at the corner of her mouth, a saucy flash in her eye?The minx! Was sheflirting? Did she havea sense of humour?Well, as you can imagine, I've been rocked to my very foundations. Did this really happen? I don't know, I don't knowit's like the end of The Crying Game; everything you thought you knew up till this point must be radically reassesed.Most disorientating.
4	A decent little airport. Easy to get through, kindly-staffed, and pleasant to wait in. Not much else to say - I've passed through a couple times and had a-ok experiences.
3	Not a large airport, but a nice one. Has all you need and few but good shops. When I was there they had some great deals on whisky and the personnel where very friendly. Free wifi would be great and give the airport another star!
3	I have to admit to being somewhat disappointed when I saw Edinburgh Airport and still am when I'm there. It seems a bit blah, more regional airport than big city for our lovely capital. I'm soon to go long haul and I won't be looking forward to the 3 hours loitering I'll have to do here as I think I'll be pretty bored. Glasgow in comparison has had a makeover in the last few years and discovering the new eateries doing 'takeaways' to save on godawful plane food, made the pre-flight loitering time disappear quickly whilst umming and ahhhing over lunch choices (good gluten free choices too as airports - yes you Edinburgh, can be lousy for this!).Usual bars and coffee shops but lacks any real choice which is a pity (default coffee and gf brownie, argh, not how I want to start hols). Airports when travel is non business related means fun times (duty free shopping) but nowhere really tempts me in to start my holiday spending early, (apart from Kurt Geiger), but I want choice and not just posh shops when considering spending my hard earned cash:-( ).So Edinburgh, your report card is could do better. Captive audience, lots of happy people, so give us a reason to splash the pre-holiday cash...
3	This is an effective airport, but relatively stark except for one section among the gates, which is the central location for shopping and eating options.  (Busiest among the latter was a pub that was packed with lively people even first thing in the morning.)  The staff overall was knowledgeable and helpful, although not particularly warm or friendly in about half of the cases.  The signage at the airport is very good.  There are several transportation methods to get you into the city, which is only 15-20 minutes away.
3	Edinburgh Airport has been through a number of transformations since i first started frequenting it over six years ago.  when i first came along this place was tiny!!!  i'm not even sure it was as big as the smallest terminal at Newark Airport, but over the last few years it's definitely grown.As i travel back and forth to the States at least twice a year and also take a trip or two down south or to Europe, I spend a fair bit of time in this airport.  And i have to say while the expansion has been great, so many new routes and new destinations i'm still not overly impressed.  I mean it's an airport and it's hard to be a really awesome airport (unless you are Heathrow Terminal 5!) but there is still something lacking.I think i need to stress again that Edinburgh is small.  the airport fits the city which is also fairly small in terms to cities throughout the world.  but due to the smallest i feel like it lacks a few essential things, first being a Starbucks!  seriously, this actually breaks my heart since i always fly early in the morning and all i want is a grande tea from starbucks but yet there is none to be found.  the duty free section has been expanded greatly, which is nice, but the restaurants are limited in choice and are overpriced.  i do appreciate that there is a Boots where i can buy cheap water and last minute essentials like tissues and antibacterial hand gel and also an Eat which does pretty good take away at a reasonable price and the Yo Sushi during the infrequent times i'm there when the place is open.  However, there is the other huge negative of the massively overpriced parking fees!  you can't even drop someone off without paying for the privilige of it...    so overall, Edinburgh Airport is fine, but could be better.  i suppose with more tourists coming to visit the city every year there is still the opportunity for expansion and refurbishment.  so i'll keep my fingers crossed for the Starbucks!!
3	It's a pretty decent airport with 2 floors, easy to get to with frequent bus services through itNo real complaint other than the lack of free wifi but other than that, it is all good.
4	Really small airport...Fastest queue on the right side...Quick: plane to the street.
4	Edinburgh Airport is a fairly underwhelming place. However it's big enough to wander around when you want to, there is a 24(ish) hour bar and plenty of places to get food if that's what you are looking for.I generally get fairly narked off with airports as I spend about 2 weeks in airports during one year of working once and that sort of put me off (although I did walk into a mosque that was next to the toilets in Abu-dhabi airport while unbuttoning my flies once - that was fairly entertaining). There is one thing that really upsets me, and that is that the Tie-rack shop only opens 9-5. If I am heading to london/somewhere I am  much more likely to need a tie pre 9am or post 5pm. If you think about it I'm getting that flight because I have a 9am meeting or a 9am the next morning and couldn't get out the office any earlier. This means that I am FAR more likely to have an urgent need for a tie from an airport at those times - not 9-5. It's FRANKLY RIDICULOUS,Other than that there are planes. That's a positive.
3	free Wi-Fi! yipeeee
4	The main thing I like about edinburgh airport is that its relatively small and easy to get around in!!! It isnt a maze and doesnt take 25 mins to get from one terminal to the other. Good amount of shops! and is served well by regular buses. Its is always clean and well kept. I love holidays and I like the airport!
4	I've flown through Edinburgh airport quite a few times now, and I must say I like it.  It's very cosy, quite pretty, small enough and easy to navigate, just really nice.  You even get two hours of free Wi-Fi, which is great.    My only really big complaint would be that it has no direct bus link to Glasgow.  It's not much farther from Glasgow than Edinburgh, and some flights don't go out of either Glasgow International or Prestwick Airport, so a direct bus connection between Glasgow and Edinburgh Airport would be immensely helpful.  I mean if you've got an early flight (say 5:30am, which has happened to me twice), you have to spend the night at the airport or get a hostel in Edinburgh for the night.  There are no busses between Edinburgh and Glasgow between midnight and 5am, plus the half hour Airport Link bus (which is great, btw, and does run all night), so you're really stuck.    I also want to quickly gush about Edinburgh Airport's Caffe Nero.  I recently spent a lot of the night at the airport (due to the aforementioned early flight), and there were a lot of people in the same position as me trying to sleep at the airport.  The thing about Caffe Nero was that they weren't just the only cafe/shop to stay open, they actually let people stretch out and use their furniture to sleep (without even asking that they buy anything).  All the other places had blocked their chairs and benches off so you couldn't sleep or even sit there, but at Nero you could sleep on these plush leather benches and chairs, or just at tables, and it was just so nice.    It really made the time there soooooo much more comfortable, and by enabling me to sleep it actually made me less tired the next day.  I've been in airports overnight before, and it would be hard to exaggerate the difference Caffe Nero made.  In the morning I got a breakfast sandwich before my flight, partially because I was hungry but partially because I wanted to thank them for their (very useful and totally free) service.  It was really good and the servers were particularly nice.  When I got back in on my return flight, I got some change there for the bus, and again the server was really nice, and the yogurt I got then was also excellent.  So good food + great service = new fan.
3	Being from Monterey, CA...I'm used to a little airport (MRY). So when I arrived in Edinburgh, which is a pretty popular tourist destination, I was shocked as to how tiny actually is. I mean, you can practically see one end to the other! The staff were pleasant upon arrival, the Immigration Officer teased me a little since I'm a Californian visiting Scotland during a crappy snow storm (awesome timing on my part), and baggage claim was a breeze. Oh, and the arrivals terminal was super easy since there's only one door to come out of and everyone huddles right there eagerly awaiting whoever is arriving from the plane. My gripe is that the place has very little to offer in terms of places to eat. What they DO have available are a lot of fried food things or little shacks that are outrageously expensive. Given, you're paying in GBP, but still! Gouging is gouging, people! Not a lot in terms of shopping options, which is a bummer if you have a lot of time to kill before your flight. OH. And their flight schedule system is beyond irritating. You can check in an hour and a half before your flight, but they won't list what counter you need to report to till an hour before take off. To me, that's very stressful! When I would inquire with an airport staff member, they'd talk to me like I was annoying and how I needed to just watch the sign for my info....sorry, but I'm used to SFO and LAX being strict about time frames for security.
5	It's an airport ... you fly in ... you fly out.  Has shops, places to eat and facilities like toilets and cash machines.  It's clean and staff are friendly.
2	It's a bit confusing, not enough signs to direct people to gates, etc.. Like bathroom is not on the same level as the gates, security check point isn't on the same level as the check in counter, and not enough information as available about how to get to the city, etc.
4	The folks in Edinburgh can teach our TSA something about customer service and how to keep travelers from loosing it in an already stressful travel world. The security screeners were friendly, explained what we needed to do to get through the line quickly and when we did wished us safe travels. In the US all you get is attitude.
5	Its an airport , enough said. No seriously this is a good one, one of the few. I have travelled all over this world being in the military previously so I have been to a lot of airports and this one is one of the best. Its not a giant one like LA or JFK, I dont have to take a stupid train from one terminal to another. Its got some good little restaurants to eat such as sushi and a few others. What makes it great is its just plane ;) simple to get around and simple to get through security and everything else. I have been through this airport now many a time and I never have any problems. Keep chugging along little Edinburgh Airport you get the job done!
3	Finally starting to try and compete with the bigger boys in the airport league. But not really.Until they build another six terminals, interconnecting monorail, 8 additional levels of security and a dozen more restaurants, Edinburgh Airport will only ever be a Scrappy Doo in a world of Scoobies.Having said that, for what they are they're doing nothing wrong. Good little selection of eateries, even if they seem to be taking their cue from George Street (would it kill ya to put a Burger King in?!); knowledgeable and friendly staff, right down to the security (got frisked by the most chatty and friendly security officer - made me forget where I was!); still of a size where mad dashes to the gate aren't overly threatening; and a great little (but yes, it is LITTLE) duty free with a good little selection of limited edition items in alcohol, shades and musks.At the end of the day... it's just nice. Good for what it is. Unfortunately that's not very much...!
3	Everything is great, but in moderation. Flight home was delayed 5 hours so had about a 7 hour day at the Edinburgh airport. Thank goodness for the shops, I was able to buy a few board games and cut those 7 hours in half. Not too many shops or businesses but just enough if you're only waiting 2-3 hours in the airport. I'm sure that I ended up staying more than most, but I was slightly shocked that most places in the airport closed by 8 or 9pm. I guess we were the last flight out of there that night (not departing until after 11pm) but I thought there would have been a few places open late. Not even a vending machine to get  a water!
3	This is quite a small airport in comparison to many airports around Europe however I found it a bit more disorganized than expected. It is undergoing a lot of renovation so hopefully it will improve for the better in the future.The immigration queue when I arrived was long and took a while to get through. Lots of people waited on average 15-25 mins to get through. Similarly on departure it took a while to clear security and then waiting to board the flight although people were called to board and were unable to get on the plane.Food choices are ok and the shopping is also ok. Not a great airport but works. Not sure I would enjoy going through the same experience again. Let's hope with the renovations things will improve for the better.
4	Since I have been forced by the shitty London weather to sit here and wait for a delayed flight, it has made me think of how much London effects Edinburgh. Ok, I won't get all political, but it is vexing. This airport is small, for a capitol, and lacking in ostentatious glamour, but it is a Damn airport. It's warm, spacious, clean - it has a cafe and a cat rental. Er- car rental. But thanks auto-correct for making that funny. See! Edinburgh has a sense of humour. It's peaceful here too, none of the usual airport stress, which is very Scottish.
4	This was one of the quickest, most efficient airports I've ever been in. Most of the check in and security process is fairly automated and extremely streamlined. There was no line to check in, and security only took about 5 minutes. No hassle whatsoever. This gave us plenty of time to sit and eat a small breakfast before the flight. Passengers are also treated to two hours of free wifi in the terminal. Fantastic!
4	Edinburgh airport brings you to the best city. - Edinburgh - can't get much better than that!  Plus 2 hours free wifi and a great range of food and shops.  Compared to other airports - prices are reasonable - especially for basics like a bottle of water - however if you bring an empty bottle with you - there are free water fountains (designed for water bottles) just as you enter the departure lounge from the efficiently run security checks. I hate when my flights are so early that Yo! Isn't even open but even then there are loads of cafes to choose from.  I usually head to Eat for porridge and a matcha latte while my hubby heads to cafe nero for his cappucino fix - then we meet at the new seating section.  So nice to have more seats with tables so we can set up office, log in to the free wifi and get some work done (a.k.a. facebook). Even though I'd give the departures side a perfect 5* - I'm afraid the arrivals lets the team down!!  Only a 3* for them.  I travel to and from EDI between 2 to 4 times a month and there have been so many times we my flight has arrived early or on time and we taxi on over to our gate and sit...... and sit............... and sit..............  stuck on the plane - the ever so close terminal building teasing us.  Faces press against the tiny windows looking anxiously for someone in a high vis jacket to arrive with the steps and set us free.   We've had several excuses for these delays:  short staffed, or my favourite (and most frequent offender) - there is another international flight boarding and only one way in and out of the building.  They can't let the people departing 'mingle' with the arriving flight so we have to sit, locked in the plane, until the walkway is completely clear.  I can understand the safety and immigration implications but surely with all the upgrades to the airport someone could have squeezed in an extra hallway!!!  Another star was lost due to the consistently long waits for the baggage.  In both instances, travel to and from the airport is pretty simple - great comfy bus - also with free wifi; soon to have trams, lots of taxi's, and easy to access rental car centre (no shuttle bus needed for the major suppliers).  So overall is a respectable average of 4*, it's just a shame that visitors to Edinburgh only get to see the best side of the airport as they are leaving.
4	Smaller international airport.  Passages check in and security is slow. Terminal has all basics. Not a bunch of high end shopping. Not bad overall.
2	In general most things in Edinburgh are not as good as the Glasgow version and the airport is no different. My current main gripe with it is the new layout. The drop off and collection points for the long stay car park are miles away from the actual terminal now. It honestly felt like I was on a 5k trek to get to where I needed to be. Yes I am exaggerating slightly, but I just want to give the best possible description of how much worse they layout is than it was previously.
4	I've spent enough time at airports recently to have my appreciation for Edinburgh Airport renewed.Yes it's small, but I think it's also perfectly formed. Security is quick and the friendliest I've encountered in all of my travels, which is a major plus. There are a good variety of shops - ranging from the standard duty free and tech shops to tourist tack and on to higher end Scottish gifts. There's also a Boots, Mac, and a few others to keep you occupied.Mostly I like the food choices. You can go for the super quick/takeaway option at Eat/Pret (they're one in the same and I can't remember which is here), visit one of the pub offerings, or head to Yo Sushi.  I think Yo Sushi is great because you can take your time or eat and dash, whatever your schedule allows. I also want to show wild appreciation for the little massage console - I've never taken advantage of it here as it feels like more of a layover option, but it makes me wish that more airports had these on the go (I'm looking at you, Heathrow).Oh!  And transport. The transport is great. Having just allowed 5 hours to get to Boston's Logan airport I feel a massive appreciation for Edinburgh's 20-40 minutes (depending on traffic). All in all I'm glad it's the airport I see the most.
2	Ouch, 2 stars, but geezz am I still pissed off! LOLLike another here stated already: the carpark for cheaper parking is very far away, it has a shuttle bus going to and fro. Since I only had to drop off my daughter and we had some time to grab a bite, I parked my car closer to the gate, at short stay. Been inside for a little over an hour and came back to the valet machine to see 8,90 POUND appear on the screen!!! I almost fainted, that costed me almost more than the food we both shared. Inside the lay out is not very logical but you can find your way, the shops are ok, I guess, the food courts are very busy and standard. Security is a little bit of a fish trap, which might be logical in some ways but not too appealing to those with fear of masses. Fix those parking rates, dear Scots!
3	This airport is like fruitcake - it looks a little dodgy, but once you get in it, there's surprisingly delicious finds.I will admit, my first perception of this particular airport was not the most heart warming. Sure, I had just arrived in a new country, on a grand new adventure but that also meant I had been traveling for 16+ hours, was carting four suitcases and stressfully looking for where to pick up my cats at live cargo. When I got out of baggage claim, I spent the next twenty minutes trying to maneuver a bad baggage cart, through endless rows of people and got sent to the wrong live cargo desk three time.There were tears.So when I had to pop back just weeks later to take a flight for work, I wasn't the happiest of campers. But ok Edinburgh Airport - I get you. The reception/check in/baggage claim is chaos. The signage is a bit confusing and there are people simply everywhere. The check in area is pretty utilitarian (which makes sense), but the whole process fills you with dread.Until you get past the dodgy looking crust of the place and into the delicious filling (I'm REALLY stretching this metaphor, aren't I?). I was happily surprised to see a great little MAC store, spiffy duty free and a good food selection once you get past security. Seating is ample, the sushi place is respectably good and there's a full blown Boots at your service.So though I wouldn't head out here to take in some zen moments - this place is a lot more tolerable then I first thought. Just make it past the chaos, have some tea, grab some sushi and suddenly - everything will be ok.
