2	I can't say anything about living here because I will NEVER move in here. I was looking for an apartment and the sales lady was extremely rude. Also, beware that the prices they email you and the prices the sales person will give you will be different!
5	Have been living here for over a year and love it. Very friendly maintenance people. Very modern interiors, including one of the nicest kitchens I have seen in a Vegas apartment. I live in one of the stand alone lofts and all of my friends are always impressed by the unique layout of the loft and by the fact that I have an entire building to myself. I would strongly recommend living here!
1	Lived here for 8 months,( moved because this place was horrible ) when i moved in the apt was not clean, both fans did not work, and multiple light switches did not work. The grounds were always dirty, poop every where. Maintenance always took forever to complete a work order. The maintenance supervisor was rude, and was always sitting down relaxing. Non-working supervisor! The parking lot was always dark, told the office and they said they have told the maintenace team multiple times to fix it..... Never happened. The office staff were very nice and helpful. No complaints with the manager or her team ( office staff ). Now that all of them dont work there anymore ( dont know why, they seamed happy there ) the office is unorganized. So i moved, would not recommend this place. You can find better, trust me! Don't let the nice outside fool you, you can do way better for the price!
5	This place is awesome. The apartments are new. All the appliances are the same way. You won't be sorry if you live here. Football!
1	I only give it this because I never seen an apartment I waited for 50 minutes after the leasing agent said 10-15 minutes. She never had the decency to come out and tell  me it will be a few more minutes..  It looked nice but there are many nice apartments. Sorry The Venue we will never do business..
1	Move in was the 1st of November. Employee was extremely rude and un-helpful he just kept complaining that he didn't know they had a move in, he was too busy, and that he doesn't generally work at this location. He refused to view the unit with us. When we got into the unit it looks like the previous tenants had just moved out. Stains on the carpet, didn't even look like they vaccumed. Paint on the balcony, dents in the fridge missing screens and a pillow stuffed in an air vent?If I knew this would be how we would get the unit I would of never signed the lease.
1	Looks like they are trying to add more pictures to yelp instead of attempting to resolve the issue (looks like they increased pictures by at least 10)I got a call from mantiance today they have yet to clean the apartment. I have not gotten a response from the assist manager I emailed. They want me to move my stuff out of the unit for them to do a thorough cleaning, this should of been done from the beginning. Now I will have to go out of my way to help them resolve the issue. This has been a very bad experience so far, and it is obvious they are trying to hide my pictures instead of fixing the problem, a simple vacuum and carpet cleaning was all I was asking for.
5	I lived in serval different apartments in las Vegas and this unit has been the best. The apartment i am in is perfectly laid out for my sectional couch. Kitchen is beautiful. The staff is great never had any problems very attentive maintenance good community really good location just really like living at the Venue
