5	I don't think everyone knows this place is open yet, not even the hotel employees- but it is, and its a CUT above the rest! My BF and I had the pleasure of dining at Wolfgang Puck's newbie this last weekend.  It is a spin off of the Beverly Hills location, but a lot easier - at this point- to get a reservation. The decor is very modern and sexy, lots of deep purples, black, silver and mirrors- with kind of a rock vibe as they played classic rock all night long. There was a lounge/bar in the opening room of the restaurant, followed by a large open dining room and a smaller space behind a half wall.  The service was superb, there were at least 7 people involved in taking care of our table- server, sommelier, GM, host... the list goes on. Everyone was extremely helpful and you could feel their excitement and anticipation of being apart of a new restaurant. Within the first few minutes of sitting down we were brought a selection of breads, homemade and purchased from La Brea bakery- my favorite was the pretzel!  We ordered a bottle of Spanish red Artuzu, which I had never had before, but was surprisingly tasty and affordable. Their wine list was many pages long, for those of you lucky folks who have hit it big and can spend your dough. Soon after, the cuts of meat that were featured for the day were brought to our table for viewing; I never thought big hunks of blood could look so beautiful, but they did.  The menu highlights particular selections from 4 sources, so that one can choose based on palette preference and budget.  The USDA Prime was the least expensive, followed by USDA Prime aged 35 days, American Kobe and 100% Japanese Wagu.  We chose the USDA Prime 34 oz. porterhouse for 2 and were not disappointed. Although my curiosity is killing me about the $80 6 oz. filet : )As we waited for our steak and potatoes....we wined, sampled the pork belly appetizer and were given a hot gruyere roll- yumm!  When the entree arrived the steak was cut table side for us. It smelled amazing and was top with fresh thyme for an added effect.  The portion was larger than we expected and divinely cooked- a little pink with no char outside as I had requested. We ate it all!! Unfortunately, that left no room for dessert, so I cannot comment on that. But I was so satisfied it didn't matter.  Things are great now, and I would go back to CUT, but can only imagine that things will get better as the staff, kitchen and hotel gets more practice.
4	First off... 4.5 stars... it was very good. The food is excellent. Everything I had was very good to excellent. I got the American Wagyu ribeye and was not disappointed (well, it was a thinner cut than I expected but that didn't affect the quality). This is what a steak should taste like. The appetizers were terrific and the chocolate souffl was really good although I was so full by then I could barely eat it. One thing you must try is the Bavarian pretzel that is offered from the bread selection - it is FANTASTIC! The service was friendly and surprisingly casual. After receiving our menus we never really felt ignored or had to wait for anything. The sommelier was very knowledgeable and made some good suggestions but a tad too many to begin with. We were very happy with the wine we eventually chose.The atmosphere is modern and very hip. This is a typical "upscale" Vegas restaurant - you see people in everything from suits to t-shirts to shorts (yes, I'm talking about you... the guy with the woman dressed to the nines - can't you at least clean it up for dinner??). Probably not a great place to take kids but really there aren't many nice restaurants in Vegas that are. Parking is not a problem as they offer valet at the hotel.Great food doesn't come cheap and this is no exception. If you're willing to drop a couple Franklins per person on a terrific dinner and you love great steak this is not to be missed.
4	very exquisite & unique starters - the beef tastings r good but a bit pricey - sides r also good & the variety choices of bread r quite delicious as well as the desserts esp the white chocolate souffle - very recommendable rest.
5	Unfortunately I cannot provide a review of the menu items I ate, since I ate so much I wouldn't know where to begin.  Let me just say that you should sample as many appetizers as possible. With regards to the dessert menu, I believe I had tried one of everything and I can tell you that every item was delectable - so save room for desert! In terms of the steak...well this is Wolfgang Puck's steak house...so what do you guess?
5	For starters, the bar was awesome.  Very chic with great service and equally tasty drinks.  The snacks are very appropriate to get your palate ready.Then there was dinner with awesome music.  Rock during dinner was quite unique and not too loud as others have boasted.  The bread selection was divine and don't miss out on the Bavarian Pretzels - to die for.  Appies:  Steak Tartare, Butter Lettuce Avocado Salad and Big Eye Tuna (there were more I just lost consciousness after those).Meat - most of us had the American Waygu.  Amazing meat and cooked to perfection.  The sauces we ordered were a very nice addition to the meat.  Might want to just order a few as the flavors tend to get lost in the party.Lastly, we had just about every dessert.  The Fuji Apple and the Strawberry shortcake were my favorites.  Hats off to the Chocolate Souffle as well - cooked to order and was spot on.  The service by our waiter along with Marino could not be matched.  I have dined at all of the Puck properties and this rates in the top 3 - maybe top 2.  Bring your wallet or expense account because perfection does have a pricetag.  If you are going to eat a fine meat meal once a year - this is the place regardless of the price.
2	The biggest strike against this restaurant was the intrusive wait staff.  They made a nonstop effort to up-sell menu items:"Since you have a large party, we have some great wines in large-format bottles that might make the most sense for you." ($200+)"If you're interested in Kobe Style beef your best choice is probably the Steak Tasting." ($160)"Actually, our most premium beer is Chimay Blue.  Would you like that instead?"   (I love Chimay, but is "most premium" really supposed to be my selection criteria?  What does that even mean?)The food was generally tasty, not all of the steak came as ordered, and I would have appreciated a complimentary cheeseburger with my $12 fries.
4	the bf and i really enjoyed our dinner here.we started off with the sweet corn and fava bean salad as well as the oxtail boullion with bone marrow dumplings. both were fantastic!for entrees, the bf opted for the 20 oz bone-in ribeye and i sampled the 8 oz filet mignon. again, both were really good but i liked mine just alittle tad more.we also ordered a side of the fries and broccolini. we were too stuffed for dessert but next time we will try to make room/service was awesome too! our waiter recommended a terrific $22 glass of merlot. thank you!
5	This has got to be one of the best steakhouses I have ever been to. The wine list is superb and the aged steak is really nice and flavorful. I didn't try the Kobe beef, which I probably should have but I guess maybe next time.The 3 courses of bread were awesome. We asked for the gouvere (sp?) cheese puffs three or four times because it was so heavenly. The service, the decor...everything was top notch.My only gripe is the price. For the 4 of us, it was $800...kind of steep, but you have to splurge every once in awhile in life, right?
5	My girlfriend and I came here as our "lets drop big bucks" dinner when just the two of us went to Vegas.  I already knew what she was going to order, a $150 filet.  It was amazing, and my steak was okay too...which was the american wagyu ribeye.  We also had the Kobe Steak Sashimi to start with, normally when we get this at a japanese place in Costa Mesa...it's really good...and this was amazing.  The little bread they give you is really good, and a nice selection at that.  The wine list was a binder...it took me a while to look through the  whole thing, and finally asked the waiter to just pick a cab bottle of us.The restaurant is a sight to see it's self!  I didn't go to the restroom, but my girlfriend thought it would be nice to see, and she even took a picture of it.Overall I think the $450 was well spent, as long as I don't have to do it again for a very long time =D
5	This place was fabulous. This place is comparable to Alexander's Steakhouse in Cupertino which is my all time favorite. The filet mignon was fabulous. They bring a bread basket and ask what type of bread you would like. My suggestion: say "all, please". They were all very yummy. Service was great, their drinks were great and service was excellent. My husband and I thought their sides were good - not excellent but good. Definately check this place out when you are in Vegas. Apparently there is a Cut in LA that is really hard to get into. We went to this restaurant in early June and it wasn't very busy but I imagine they will start getting busy soon.
4	Fantastic food.  I loved it.  The only thing I was EH about was that our waitress was really "stiff."  But the food was amazing.  I had their filet mignon with the house steak sauce and being the sauce junky that I am, I was won over at first dip.The zinfandel they have on their list for wines by the glass was fantastic as well.  It's a definite MUST. I would recommend the zinfandel with either the steak, steak tartar, or braised short ribs in the indian spiced sauce.  If you have the appetite (and the budget) get all four!  Two thumbs up to Wolfgang's excellt restaurant.  Thumbs down to the manager or whoever hires the staff because our waitress was kind of awkward and stiff, and as we all know, you eat at resturants partly for the food and partly for the service.
4	CUT was an awesome experience.   We walked by after seeing the Phantom and were drawn to how cool the interior looked.  After a once over on the menu- we were sold.  Being the spontaneous couple that we are, we didn't make reservations and the restaurant was packed with no open table.  Our charming hostess then suggested a seat in the "lounge," which we obliged.  The Lounge was basically the waiting area outside the actual eating area, right in front of the bar.  The full menu was available and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  We started off with a couple glasses of wine and a generous assortments of bread (pumpernickel, pretzel, and a couple other choices), then boyfriend ordered the 8 oz. New York Sirloin with horseradish sauce and a side of creamed spinach.  I had the Rotisserie duck and split the spinach. First off, let me say that I was totally jealous of boyfriend's order.  It was wonderful!  The steak was more medium than rare, but buttery and really delicious.  I could have skipped the horseradish (not stingy enough), but it's okay, because the meat was so flavorful that I wouldn't care to mask it with a sauce anyway.  My duck was delicious.  The gastrique was a bit too sweet for my taste, but the meat was tender and the skin was nice and crispy. The portions for both plates were generous and more than enough for both of us.  The tab at the end of the meal was pricey; however, the courteous wait staff, out of this world food and generally great experience made it worth every penny.  Definitely looking forward to going back next time we're in town.
3	3 Stars goes to CUT. The Steak prepared for me was absolutely spot on, perfect texture, flavor and presentation. However my buddies pork chop was fatty, undercooked and overall poor (WHY he got a pork chop at a steakhouse is beyond me, but to each his own)Excellent service and sides as well. But let's be honest, not worth the hype, another of LA's great icon's gone bad to Vegas.
5	Seriously too bad that BF and I both felt nauseous at dinner but the things we did taste were delish!  Every freakin person here is so darn nice and friendly - and considering how trendy this place is I was kind of expecting snooty service.  The food was really good - maple glazed pork belly, oxtail bouillon, bone-in ribeye, bone marrow, cream of spinach with egg and the handcut fries.  The oxtail bouilon was the standout dish for me...there were bits of bone marrow floating around!  And the bar menu looks tasty too, hopefully I win lots of money in Vegas next time and can give this place another go!
5	Las Vegas, home of  some of the best restaurant selections by many well known chefs. I look forward to every trip in hopes to try or discover something new and amazing that will give me that 'food high' that I can sometimes achieve when all my senses are tickled just right.  For this particular weekend it was all about being 'high'.  A weekend of pure indulgence to say the least. So naturally when it came to where we should eat it was hands down for getting some Kobe at the CUT. Words really cant express the happiness my taste buds felt as the most tender meat ive ever eaten melted in my mouth and down my throat leaving very little for my jaws to chew on. Along with the corn, spinach, and onion rings we rolled out very full to the brim. When you want to splurge this is the city and this is the place to get your gluttony on.
4	Cut steakhouse was the shizzle! As a steak connoisseur, in search of the perfect Bone in Rib-eye.... This steak was awesome! I ordered the bone in rib-eye rare/med and it was perfect to my liking! A definite cut above your normal steakhouse! I would definitely go here over and over again, as long as my arteries hold up! Vegas Baby!
5	The best meal I've had in Vegas!!! Which says a lot, considering the plethora of incredible dining in Vegas. It was also the priciest, which was no surprise. Dinner for 2 with a $50 bottle of wine came to $360 with tax and tip. Appetizers: Kobe sashimi and Pork Belly. I've had pork belly a few times by this point, and this one was the best I've had! So smooth, not chewy. Kobe sashimi was AWESOME, so tasty. Bread: SO freaking good as everyone has said. The rolls came "cold", but that didn't deter from their softness and tastiness.STEAK: We got the sampler and split it. This was such a great steak experience because I've always wanted to try kobe steaks side by side with a regular USDA prime to see if there was truly a difference. As many have said, American kobe is the way to go if you have to pick just one steak. It is perfectly marbeled, but not so rich you'd get sick off of it. The Japanese was out of control rich. It truly is the piece of meat that would come from steak and foie gras making a baby. SIDES: Thin, perfectly cut onion rings and some corn. Both were delicious but completely unnecessary when we had the yummiest steaks of our lives on the plate. DESSERT: The banana dessert with awesome homemade banana icecream. Service was impeccable. Best service I've had in Vegas. They weren't rude about us splitting an entree (*cough* T'bones *cough*) and everytime our glass of tap water got even half empty it was filled. They were polite, unobtrusive and friendly. Can't say enough.Atmosphere was cool/swanky.. but isn't everywhere in Vegas nowadays?Overall, this is a must dine place if you are a steak fan! Splurge on the american kobe.. it is worth the upgrade from the normal USDA.
4	Ok, so here's how last Friday goes, I hit the airport, taxi to the hotel, drop my stuff in the room and hit the tables.  For about an hour I had a killer run at blackjack and craps and decided to cash in my winnings and treat myself to a first rate steak.  I see Cut online, and though I'd usually classify the place a bit too expensive, I figure "hey, we're eating on the house's money tonight!"  So we walk over to the Palazzo and settle in for some beef.I started out with the tuna tartare appetizer.  The avocado was perfect, the tuna was succulent, just a very good appetizer all around.  My entree with the Kobe style filet and the Yukon Gold potatoes with the bernaise sauce.  The steak was cooked perfectly, tender and juicy but not overly charred on the outside.  The 6oz cut was just right.  The bernaise sauce was thick, but just seemed a little flat in flavor.  Something was missing, but it surely was no distraction from the meal.  The potatoes were a home run, light yet buttery... oh so good!  I had the strawberry shortcake dessert.  Again, good, but not great.I should give a tip of the cap to the barkeeps there.  I had a couple of very fine Manhattans there, and I can't think of a better cocktail to compliment a fine steakhouse meal.  Many bartenders don't seem to know how to make a Manhattan, so it's always good to get one done right.
2	Seriously!? 4 STARS!?!?! So it was Sam's big birthday...he was turning the BIG 2-1... ok who am I kidding... I just turned 21 for the X time. Anyway. I made reservations here and we showed up mildly on time... After hauling ass through the Venetian Canal Shoppes. We were seated and the ambiance was definitely 5 stars. The service was kick ass and prompt. The servers were snazzy and sharp. The steak knives weren't. I had to saw through my darned steak. And it was "supposedly" dry aged. My NY Strip was tough (at medium rare) and not as flavorful as I'd like it. Sam's Ribeye was definitely more tender, but I expected a better steak out of that price. My steak was slightly overcooked. Ok, so I guess it is a mistake to try Wolfgang Puck's steakhouse as he's not known to be a steak-person, but seriously. CUT's a steakhouse. How do you dare mess up on both of our steaks!?The mushroom sides were great, sauteed spinach was perfect. Dessert was grand. Sadly, my slab of dead cow... not so much. :(
3	Bottom line:  this restaurant is all show.  We went in on a saturday night labor day weekend w/o reservations and ordered sirloin and ribeye with pork belly and heirloom tomatoes as starters.  waiter brings a huge plate of raw meat stacked on top of each other and begins explaining which one is which; this is a cool show but that's about it.  steaks were a bit overdone probably because the surface of the steak was real hard to begin with; i'm sure their meats were good, but just their cooking methods are questionable.  Pluses: oregon pinot was excellent, pork belly was better than the steak, heirloom tomatoes were great as well.  This is the 1st time that the starters were better than the entrees.  Alexander's and pinot brassiere are better imo.
2	I guess my premonitions were right on this restaurant.  I see a lot of not very good reviews.  This restaurant is over-rated and over-priced for the cuisine they present to you.  I went to this restaurant with a friend and we ordered the Illinois Ribeye with wild field mushrooms and Kobe Beef Shortribs "Indian Spiced" with herb french fries.  Both dishes were too salty.  I can't say that the quality of the meat was not good because it was, but they need to learn how to prepare it better.  Service was excellent.  The ambiance was amazing.  But I just can't get over the terrible preparation of these entrees.  Such a waste of such high quality beef!  They gave us a complementary dessert when we complained about the dishes...the chocolate souflee which was decent.  This place has so much potential but not until they change chefs.
2	I would have given the restaurant a 1 star rating, but the appetizers weren't so bad (and the wine selection was nice).  Never have I had a steak so salty in my life!  The same went for the rest in my party.  Not ones to send back a plate (not to mention we were in a rush to get to TAO), we literally cut the top parts off each side of the steak.  HORRIBLE STEAK......well I guess it wouldn't be bad for people that like steak with their SALT.  Will never go back again.
5	It definitely helps to have rooms comped in vegas so that you can spend the money on a nice dinner instead!We had reservations for dinner (8/16/08) and right when we walked in, we immediately love the decor and ambiance. The place looks really nice and modern inside. The service was amazing. Probably the best service I've ever had.Our server was very helpful and they start off by showing the different CUTs they have by bringing them to the table. So we decided to go with the kobe beef sashimi and american kobe filet and the 100% japanese wagyu ribeye.Now if you don't want to go with the kobe, the prices are actually really reasonable for a nice steakhouse. But if you want to splurge, definitely go with Kobe. The japanese ribeye was $180 for 8 ounces. The american kobe filet i believe was around $70-80.First the bread. the breads that they give you are really good. Nice to munch on before your meal. We started off with the beef sashimi and it was definitely more than I expected. Very plentiful in my opinion. I was expecting like very thing slices but the servings were very generous (maybe even a little too thick). I really enjoyed it. I think it was a perfect starter. We also ordered a side of the spinach. It was really good as it was almost soup like. The spinach was so finely chopped up but had a really good taste.I have to admit when you pay for a steak that costs $180 you want something big and juicy. What came was really small, BUT.. it was awesome!!! by far the most tender steak ive ever had. The way that the outside was charred perfectly but left the inside so tender and buttery was amazing. The same with the filet. The size of the steaks look small, but after finishing them, you definitely feel full. Steak just doesn't taste the same anymore.Now for the price, for 2 steaks 1 side and 1 appetizer, after tax and tip, $350. Well most of it was for the japanese kobe. Would I pay $180 for it again, maybe. If it was $100, most definitely. But I can't argue that it was the best steak I've ever had. Overall it's my favorite steakhouse so far.Maybe we shall visit it again this weekend =)***update****The Filet Mignon Carpacio was the best appetizer I've ever had. It's not cheap but it's pretty awesome!*
4	Second experience was a 3 star experience, but due to the incredible time I had the first experience.. I'll give them a 4.So keep in mind this is me being super picky, BUT if you're spending top dollar you're allowed to pay attention to stupid details!Second time service wasn't nearly as good. Kobe sashimi pieces were cut too thick (I know I'm complaining about more meat, I'm nuts!), and the pork appetizer was a little overcooked compared to last time. This time we also tried the tomato salad and the crab/shrimp appetizer and both were fabulous.Instead of the sampler we got the American Kobe Filet. It was overcharred on top, and honestly the American Kobe Strip steak that we got on the sampler was WAY better than this. It seems nutty because I much prefer filets, but seriously this filet was nothing special.The takeaway: I'd honestly come back to this place only if we do the sampler again. The sampler of the strip steaks was interesting and honestly some of the best steaks I've ever had. I do think at $140 while expensive is enough for 2 to share if you get apps. The appetizers as many have said are VERY good, and sadly the last time I went they showed up the steak...
4	The service we received last night was perhaps the best I have ever had - anywhere. We were a group of 8, and I was particularly careful about ordering inexpensive wine and water (relatively - really no such thing at this place).  I've found that in many cases a big group without a massive bar bill will receive less than perfect service (especially in Vegas, it seems) - not the case here at all - as I said - best ever.  Friendly, informative, incredibly attentive and anticipatory without being obtrusive.The food was wonderful - not the best ever, but truly tasty.  The prices are exorbitant, I think, and maybe not quite worth it, but close (is any salad worth $22?).  In terms of salt on the steak (as mentioned by others as being heavy), mine did have it on there, but I didn't think it was an outrageous amount.  I would have preferred to have it without, but others at the table loved the preparation.  But I suspect it wasn't as much as the others experienced.Anyway - great place - manages to be special, even in Vegas.
5	Cut is the "beef heaven" for carnevores. My date thoroughly enjoyed the Wagyu Ribeye (Original Kobe Beef from Japan). It was a $160 steak! I tasted it and it was rich and full of flavor. Actually, it was a little too rich for me. It reminded me of a steak textured slice of seared foie gras. It was robust and 'marbled' as the server described. They will bring out the meat show you the difference in a regular grass fed Rib eye versus the Wagyu Ribeye. It was delicious and I would recommend it to serious beef lovers.
5	As a self-proclaimed beef connoisseur, I'm always in search of that amazing steak that will just blow your mind.  Indeed, I browse the beef section at every market just to check the quality and marbling of their steaks.In my mind, the "perfect" steak has always come down to a 28-35 day, dry-aged, USDA Prime Ribeye, cooked Rare to Medium Rare with a dash of sea-salt and fresh ground black pepper (What can I say, I'm a purist).TODAY, I say with good authority... that the perfect steak... is whatever they're serving over there at CUT.Well lets get some context - we started off the evening getting a couple of cocktails at the bar while watching USC football dominate Ohio.  I look to my left and who should be standing next to me?  WOLFGANG MOTHER-EFFEN PUCK!!!  Yes, Wolfgang Puck hangs out at his own restaurant and apparently was routing for USC - Go figure.Ambiance of the restaurant is great.  Suitable contemporary decor for a more modern steakhouse.  Lets get down to the food:THE BAD:The side dishes are horrible.  Herb Fries... absolutely nothing special.  Cheese Polenta... quite disgusting.  Cream of Spinach... not much better than what you can get in the Frozen food section.  Fingerling Potatoes... are actually quite decent.THE GOOD:They have an amazing mult-course assortment of bread starting with breadsticks, baked cheeseballs, onion bread, and my personal favorite, the Pretzels.THE AMAZING:If you're not planning on having a steak, don't come here.  In fact, I'll take it one step further and say IF YOU'RE NOT PLANNING ON HAVING KOBE BEEF... DON'T COME HERE.  The regular USDA Prime steaks are great, but you'll find steaks of similar caliber elsewhere.  The two people who vouched for mere USDA Prime Ribeyes were torn with regret by not spending the extra $25 for the "Kobe Beef" upgrade.Personally, I can only speak for the medium grade Kobe (American-Raised Wagyu cattle).   Unbelievable flavorful and tender  They say Kobe beef melts in your mouth, and honestly, it really does.  I tried a bite of my friends USDA Prime Rib Eye, and I SWEAR... after having a bite of Wagyu Beef, dry-aged USDA prime meat taste like Sizzler.  $85 for an ala carte 10 oz Rib Eye American Wakyu Steak may seem steep, but in this case, you really do get what you pay for.Most people got the Taste of New York sampler which included 2 oz of Authentic Japanese Kobe Beef, 4 oz of American Wagyu, and 4 Oz of USDA Prime.  Of course, the purpose is show Americans how deprived we are by having mere "steak," while our Japanese Friends have "STEAK!"  The taste of this Culinary sampler - $140 for 10 oz of meat.  Yep, $14 an oz.  But according to all those who ordered the sampler, the difference between Japanese Kobe and American Kobe... is even bigger and more noticeable than the difference between American Kobe and USDA Prime.  In other words, I have still yet to taste the best of the best.oh Wolfgang Puck, why must you torment me so with your ridiculously expensive, but oh so delicious cuts of Kobe Beef?The total cost for 11 of us... almost $2,000.
3	was lucky enough to freeload a meal off one of my old attorney buddies.  he was staying at Palazzo, wanted steak - no brainer - CUTpleased to see that palazzo was busy last night - must be some sort of convention in town.  they definitely push the breads - started with a parmesan stick, then they bring a sharp cheddar biscuit/puff then later pre-steak, they bring over a bread basket with the bread guy recommending the pretzel roll.  the puff and the pretzel roll are excellent !enjoyed a rosemary collins cocktail - very refreshing !ordered the pork belly w/ maple sauce ( $17 )  nebraska corn-fed rib-eye ( $58 )  and we shared the cream spinach and the fingerling/bacon/pearl onion ( i believe $14 each ) The pork belly was saturated with sauce - it actually tasted a little like saurbraten sauce - too much of it !The steak - asked for medium rare - i gotta RARE !!  the spinach - too runny, the fingerling potatoes - very tasty !overall, decent, but i had higher expectations.
5	Thank you, Wolfgang Puck.......Meatatarian...... I am!I'm not real big on giving out 5 stars to steak places and the only other place that gets this honor is Peter Luger's in Brooklyn.  After visit CUT, I realized that it was indeed deserved.Everything is a la carte. We were a group of six which was nice because we were able to get an array of different side dishes and apps.  Fuji Salad, Crab & Lobster Louis Cocktail and the Tomato salad, there were also some memorable breads.It was unanimous, everyone ordered "Tasting of New York Sirloin".  We couldn't pass it up.  There was 4oz of USDA Prime, 4oz of American "Kobe" and 2oz of Japanese Wagyu.   Steak heaven.  We chose the onion rings, the creamed spinach, the polenta and the field mushrooms.  The only thing that was terrible was the polenta.... but that's an acquired taste kind of thing.... and I didn't acquire it!I never in my life wanted to eat steak so slowly as to savor every bite of that Kobe.....until I took a bite of the Wagyu.  It freaking melts in your mouth! It's served in this trio to say, "See how much better it is than your USDA Prime?" and wow is it true.The decor was very ultra lounge.  I loved it.  Colors worked well, warm tones.  Service was uber professional and very helpful when discussing wines.  I did have a 20 minute wait, even with reservations, but that's to be expected anywhere in Vegas so it didn't even phase me.I will be back.
5	When I imagine Heaven, I think of eating Wagyu beef all the time.Cut is heaven on earth.I went there on a Thursday at 6pm and it was really easy to get a table.I ordered the (American) Kobe sashimi and the Taste of  New York which is 4oz. Nebraska corn-fed dry aged angus, 4oz. American Kobe, and 2oz. Japanese Wagyu beef.The sashimi was dressed in olive oil, soy and ginger, and it was decadent.  I'm so glad that I followed it with the sampler rather than one type of beef.  It really allowed me to experience a wide range of cow goodness.  I thought that the service was knowledgeable and yeah, they're pushy.  Just push back.
5	WOW this place is awesome! i came here for an anniversary dinner with the bf on a wed night. we had reservations at 7pm, but even though we got there early, we were still seated right away in a cozy little booth. the decor is modern with lots of browns and dimmed lights and the vibe just felt cool haha...we were probably the youngest diners in the restaurant but for a wednesday night, the place was pretty packed.our server, Carlos was attentive, efficient, and super friendly. he was able to describe the meats and wines to us and offered great recommendations. after much deliberation, we skipped the starters (since they do give you a good amount of bread) and went straight for the meat! i opted for the American Wagyu Filet ($80) and it was delicious! it was cooked perfectly medium rare and yes it was 'charred', but nothing extreme and the meat didn't taste burnt or anything like that. lots of yelpers complained about the saltiness of the meat, but i thought the seasoning was just right...in fact, they served my steak with a side of extra salt just in case i needed more haha. our side dishes of wild field mushrooms and yukon potato puree were just right to compliment the steak. in addition to the awesome food, the service was impeccable, our wine and water glasses were always filled and i swear just as we had finished up our meal, our plates were cleared in an instant. we were checked up on and i never felt like i was rushed. another plus was our complementary dessert. the words "happy anniversary" were spelled out in chocolate and served alongside 4 different crackers/cookies...it was quite a pleasant surprise since i wasnt expecting anything like that. overall this was a sensational dining experience! everything was spot on and i'll definitely have to save my money for my next visit to CUT haha
5	Pros: Taste of New York Sirloin (the Japanese Wagyu 2 oz. specifically), cool decor, really nice server named CarlosCons: None?I went here with Kristin C. for our 2 year anniversary dinner last week and I was definitely impressed. The decor was really nice in here.  It had a modern feel. The lights were dimmed which created a very relaxing and intimate setting. Perfect for a romantic dinner. We got a nice booth and a really attentive server named Carlos.Decor is nice and all, but we all know the food is really what matters.  After we ordered, another waiter came around with a platter of different breads. I got one wheat bread and one pretzel type bread. Apparently, the pretzel bread is their specialty. I could definitely see why. It was soft and delicious.For my main course, I ordered the "A Tasting of New York Sirloin" ($140). It comes with different types of New York sirloin:- Japanese Wagyu From Saga Prefecture 2 Oz- American "Kobe Style" From Snake River Farms 4 Oz- U.S.D.A. PRIME Dry Age From Nebraska 4 OzAll 3 steaks were really tasty. Definitely, some of the best steaks I've had in my life. However, the best out of the 3 was definitely the Japanese Wagyu. So freaking good. It was nice and tender. My steak knife cut through it like butter. I can see why they only give 2 oz. too. Two reasons: 1) its the pricest per ounce and 2) I think since it's sooo rich and tender, if you get too much, it might be too much of a good thing.We also got potato puree and mushrooms as sides and they were good too. But seriously, the steaks made my night.  Hanging out with Kristin C. was cool too I guess :)Overall, this place is great for special occasions. I might just have to go to CUT in LA just to get my Japanese Wagyu fix.
3	Way too overpriced for steak that is half as good as morton's.  There only redeeming quality is the kick ass parmesan polenta.  so freaking delicious.  I went back and got a beer and polenta had a good dinner.And it was really cold in there!  There breads weren't that great.  Just come for the polenta.  I prefer sushi samba upstairs for the steak.  Or dos caminos has a good steak for half the price. It does have a cool decor but, you ain't paying for the decor.
4	My party of three was patiently waiting for our fourth to arrive in Vegas and didn't want to chance being in the dining room at CUT when he did, so we opted for the bar/lounge. (Good thing too, because his flight arrived 30 minutes early) You can still order off the dining room menu at the bar if you would like, as our server instructed me to do. I was ordering seared tuna off the small bites menu and she kindly informed me that the dinner version of the dish was much larger and the same price. The atmosphere in the lounge is trendy without being pretentious and you can easily just stop in for a drink if you want to. That being said, I wasn't very wowed by the food. I do not think I would commit to a full dining experience here. The tuna serving, while massive, was largely unimpressive and flavorless. While my friend, a die hard carnivore, enjoyed his Kobe beef sliders, myself, a mostly herbivore didn't find them to be special. It takes a good steak for me to be impressed and I have to say that I wouldn't be willing to order and pay for one of the steaks here. My conclusion...hit the lounge for a more casual and faster paced meal. Or just for some drinks. If you REALLY love steak then maybe consider the dining room.
3	The wagyu appetizer was really exceptional. I had the Nebraskan (I think) rib-eye. The steak, as well as the sides, were almost too rich. I don't like steakhouses that butter their steaks to give it a thick crust. Plus one star because I walked in there on a Saturday night wearing flip-flops, camo shorts, and a tshirt, got dirty looks from other dressed-up patrons, but still received great service. Overall 3.5
4	Very Good, but below our top tier.  Appetizers may have been the best we've had at a steakhouse.  Steaks were very good, but not quite up to the best of the best.No Som and the wine selection was decent.
5	I love Cut in Beverly Hills, but I think the decor in Vegas is better. Marino the manager took great care of us, the veal tongue appetizer was unbelievably good, the sommelier recommended a great Italian red to go with my steak which I never would have picked but was great.  The Porterhouse for 2 was one of the best steaks I have ever had, and all of our side dishes were amazing, it would be even better if the prices were a little lower.
4	Would be 5 stars but.... We had a 9pm reservation on New Years Eve but due to the craziness on the strip we called CUT around 8:45 while en route to inform the host we would be a bit late. We got to the restaurant at 9:20 after a CRAZY walk down the strip past some sort of motorcycle mayhem and rowdy New Years Eve crowds and all I wanted was to sit down and sip a cocktail. The host told us that because we were late we would have to wait an additional 20 minutes to be seated which I found interesting because once we did sit down, there were plenty of vacant tables around us. Ooh well... The rundown: Started with a delicious glass of house red wine while drooling over the menu. To drink, we went with a bottle of champagne to enjoy throughout the evening (sadly I forget the name but it was wonderful!). We started with the tuna tar tar and each had a steak selected by my boyfriend with the servers recommendation. For our sides we went with the creamed spinach and macaroni and cheese. The creamed spinach was not my favorite. I felt like serving it with a soft egg was a little over the top and did nothing for the flavor. The macaroni was not something we would typically indulge in (especially after champagne, tuna, etc...) but came so highly recommended by the server that we couldn't pass it up. In a word-AMAZING! We were both way too full for dessert but managed to finish our champagne after the stroke of midnight. Final thought: I atually had higher expectations...Great service, delicious bread selection, pricy, better steaks at Maestros Thank you for a great night CUT Happy New Year
5	Excellent service.. excellent steaks.I've been to CUT in BH, and wanted to check it out here. We made reservations on opentable.. in BH it's had to get reservations for decent times because it's so tiny there.. but this location is much bigger.   They still put you close to other tables however.  The chairs swivel like office chairs.. very cool. We arrived 20 minutes early and were seated immediately.  We came dressed casually.. The prices are more.. $10-$20 more for the steaks.  I remember the WAGYU I had was the best steak I've ever had, so I decided to pay up for something I know is good, than risk it on a new steakhouse that could be mediocre for maybe 15% less. When describing these steaks, I'd say that they're very high end quality, but the way the season them is like no other.  I would say it's like they put some kind of meaty butter flavor on them, but lock in the flavor with the char.  The butter doesn't fall off like at ruth chris. I've never had a steak like this before.We ordered two petite filets. I was amazed because the aftertaste was similar to the wagyu I had before. It's from the seasoning they use on all their steaks. One of the steaks wasn't charred as well throughout the entire piece.. this was a very minor detail though. The seasoning is really good.  They did give us 4 sauces for free that we didnt get at the BH location. I tasted them and didnt like any -- they were extremely strong, and the steaks are so good any sauce would ruin them IMO. One of the bread pieces I tried wasn't as good -- they put onion in it, and it was cold when it was served warm in BH.  I tried the pretzel bread and it was very good. The cheese bread was my favorite, but I wish they refilled them! The service was noticeably better here. We got refills of bread, and drink refills promptly.We tried the creamed spinach.. and wow, I have to say it was very buttery and salty, but was excellent.  We tried the french fries before and thought they were mediocre so the spinach is a better choice.They were out of the japanese wagyu filet.. If they had it I would've ordered it.  It was the best piece of meat I've ever had.After just eating at del friscos the day before, these steaks were worth the premium.On the receipt, we got a coupon for 25% off about 4 or 5 other wolfgang puck restaurants on the las vegas strip.We can't wait to go back to the CUT in BH..
5	The food was absolutely delicious. I had the American Wagyu filet, which was excellently prepared and amazingly tender. The wild mushrooms side was wonderful as well and I would have been happy eating them as a meal themselves.Service was also great, though the waiter confessed that although he was a certified sommelier, it was "really just a certificate he got." No matter, a brief discussion and we decided on a bottle of Gigondas that paired beautifully with the steaks.The only real downside was, naturally, the price. However, I did not pick up the tab on this one, and I recommend you do the same. If you end up paying, come prepared to spend a lot and have a bit extra in your pocket.
4	...some more please. SMACK!  Good wine.. Good meat.. Good sides.. Good deserts.. Good espresso. You will be broke after eating here. Can anyone explain how the bill came up to $2000 (tip incl.) for 4? EASY if you are very hungry and thirsty. I think the wine was extra expensive.I give a 3.5 for good food but the price!GEEZ!!!!!
2	Highly overrated. Highly Overpriced.The oxtail soup was the only exceptional dish, everything was very mediocre. We had ordered nothing short of the best Cut had to offer:  Japanese Kobe, American Wagyu, Lobster, polenta, creamed spinach, fuji apple salad, and onion rings. Nothing spectacular. Everything lacked that "wow" you would expect when you pay $250 for your dinner. If you are looking for a GREAT steakhouse in LV, try Botero at the Encore. They top Cut in all respects, no joke. Note I did have Japanese Kobe at both restaurants. I'd stay away from this place. Too much hype all around.
4	This one is hard to review, while we enjoyed our experience and the food I don't know if it I would recommend this restaurant to friends.   Service was exceptional, the waitstaff was extremely knowledgable, but I felt pressured to order my steak not how I would generally like it cooked in deference to the chef, who I assumed, knew best.The lack of female servers was a bit off-putting, as was the strange pairings that seem to be pervasive around Las Vegas of a fairly attractive younger woman with a not so attractive older man.   There was a lot of that at CUT.
5	I came here after they had been open a few months. I agree with the other reviews when they say how expensive it is because it is VERY expensive...BUT you should know that before you make reservations. I knew going into this place that it was going to be expensive, plus before you make a reservation or you just walk in, they will give you a menu so by the time you sit down you are prepared for the cost...you won't hear any whining about it being too expensive from me!Order the corn! It was absolutely the best corn I have ever tasted. It is white, sweet corn that they saute with butter and other various spices. I practically ate the entire dish of corn myself. I hear the corn is only seasonal, so go in the summer!  It is family style, so if you go with a few other people order a few side items. I ordered the American Wagyu and it was great. Very tender and cooked perfectly. The service was nothing short of spectacular and the overall experience was awesome!
3	over rated & way over priced. the food was very good. the service was great. botero across the street at the encore is a better. the ox tail soup was great.
2	Its what the Arizona fans were chanting about my UCLA Bruins over the weekend:  OVERRATED ...drum beat....drum beat.... OVERRATEDAnd overpriced like most fine dining on the strip.
5	By far the best I've ever tasted.  Top notch service, very tasty and prompt food.  Must admit, it is expensive but very worth it.  If you want to impress someone, this is the place to go.
5	One of the best steaks I've had in my life.Enough with the complaints about the price though... you KNOW it's going to be expensive when you come here, so be prepared.  I was a bit skeptical when I made reservations because I think WP has over-extended himself in Vegas now... is it 6 restos he has?That being said, I think he does a fabulous job here.  A group of 5 of us came and the table consensus was that the steaks were amazing.  Awesome decor, very masculine, and I loved the spinning chairs.  the wine list is extensive and excellent... for those on expense accounts, you can have your choice of "esoteric wines" to boot :)The group ordered a variety of salads to start, and I had the apple salad with walnuts and dates - unique and delicious.  Crisp and tartness in the apples offset with a hint of cinnamon.For steaks, a variety was ordered around the table including the porterhouse, NY Sirloin and a friend ordered the scallops.  I went for the American Wagyu after the server showed the different cuts (the Japanese Wagyu looked a little too fatty to me).  The steaks were excellent - nicely flavored and well cut.  It was my first time ordering a Wagyu and the meat is a bit fattier than what I'm used to with the marbling, but it was delicious.The sides were a bit weak - these are served family style here so we had fries (very good), the broccoli (so-so) and the mushrooms (so-so).It's pricey but I thought it was worth every penny... even my cheap-ass husband agreed, aside from the sides.Anyone who's also on a low-carb diet should consider forgoing it for the night... there are a few breadsticks to start, but this is followed by a bread service which is excellent.  A server presents a selection of breads on a platter... you MUST try their special bread.  It's got a soft pretzel with salt like taste and is TDF.  Can't wait to come back.
4	This is my 4th visit to CUT . In the past, I have not had the best experiences at Cut yet the valued opinions of several people on Yelp and Chowhound keep me coming back to this place to give Chef Puck's people another chance. Last night some friends from the good 'ol days were in town and invited me out for drinks ( can't even count how many times they've been in town in the past and we were unable to meet-up ) - finally, and luckily, we were able to hook-up. After several drinks and lively conversation going down memory lane, it was time to absorb the large quantities of alcohol we consumed with some serious eats. We first walked to Delmonico's - booked solid ( good ! ) then to CUT - a 15 minute wait. A nice cocktail at the bar ( further inebriation ) and whisked off to the dining room. I'll limit my review to what i ate ( with one exception ) started with the bone marrow flan with the mushroom marmalade and parsley salad - Damn ! and i mean DAMN - that was good ! very minor issue - no parsley salad - WHO CARES ! I had the sirloin three ways - basically american, american kobe and japanese wagyu - perfectly cooked, great flavor, we all agreed, surprisingly, that the American Kobe had the best flavor. Had sides of mushrooms, asparagus and the mac n cheese. The fav - the M&C - of what little i had of it since one of my fellow diners held on to the serving spoon for dear life and used it to shovel the M&C into her piehole ! The only comment on one of my dining mates main entree - the short ribs - slow cooked for a million hours with pumpkin curry, blah blah blah - the curry was too strong, also too sweet. funny thing is, the dish reminded me of my mom's home-cooked saurbraten ( given Chef Puck's lineage is this coincidence ? or was i too drunk to know any better ! ) Overall, I was very pleased with the meal but damn it ! I felt bad because my friends flipped the bill - as we all know this place ain't cheap ! they kindly insisted given my past generosity to them when we first became friends - i was very flattered by this - it's nice to know i had a positive impact on the lives of others ! Happy Eating !
2	A few months ago I got a delicious slice of pizza from a nearby San Francisco restaurant.  I mistook the salt shaker for Parmesan cheese and ruined my  perfectly good slice by sprinkling copious amounts of salt all over it.I feel like I had a similar experience at CUT, and the rest of my party agreed with me.  Everything was wonderfully prepared and beautifully presented, but way, way, way too salty.  I think either (1) the kitchen was having an off-night, or (2) I keep the company of people with strangely sensitive taste buds
4	I really liked CUT. I understand going in that it's expensive but I thought it was really good. The service was ridiculously good. Water glass filled constantly, waiter coming by to check on us numerous times, and the bread waiter came by three times to offer his goods. My bone in rib eye was cooked perfectly. I got the bernaise sauce on the side and it was great. The Mac & Cheese was fantastic. I have nothing but positive things to say and would go back again.
5	I had dinner at CUT last Thursday (3/19/09) and was fully satisfied with my meal and more.  Decor wise, it has a modern feel with metaillic colors everywhere.  We were nicely greated by the hostess and waiters the entire night.  For appetizers, my party of 6 had two orders of pork belly, bone marrow and asparagus.  The pork belly was nice and crispy on the outside and buttery fat on the inside.  Well done.  The bone marrow was creamy and delicious and worth trying if you haven't done so already.For entrees, we all had different steaks but I'm going to save you some time and say that they're all pretty ridiculously good.  I've eaten at Peter Luger's in Brooklyn several times so its hard to top their steaks but the steaks at CUT are pretty close.  Overall - You're going to pay an arm and leg for your meal but my meal was worth every penny.
3	I think the hype for this restaurant dampened my experience. The interior was nice, very roomy, love the decor, simple yet classy. And the service was excellent, the server was very charming :-) so one star for that. They have a wide selection of wine and drinks. But for the price of over $100 a person, the rib eye steak ($61) was a lil overcooked, and the caramelized onions contained too much honey, making it for a overpowering sweetened flavor. I ordered the true japanese wagyu beef from kagoshima ($160) and although I know that it is suppose to be so fatty and that's why people enjoy it, I personally felt that it was way too fatty towards the end, and couldn't finish it because it upset my stomach. I don't really know how anyone can finish a whole one to themselves. I guess it would've tasted better if it was shared where everyone takes only a bite or two . The lamb chop ($48) was waaaayyy too overcooked, but yet we saw many tables ordering it. Although i don't particularly enjoy flan, everyone seemed to have thoroughly enjoyed the bone marrow flan with mushroom marmalade and parseley salad. Most of the sides with your entree is about $12-13 each side, the potato puree, onion rings, sweet potato puree, french fries, soft polenta with parmesan, creamed spinach with fried organic egg...etc were good but I felt that it was nothing special.   Their garlic bread appetizer and tuna tartar was delicious but not worth $24 a plate. The shrimp  in the shrimp cocktail was not fresh and i've had better garlic fries at gordan biersh.The one appetizer we ordered 3 plates of, one after another, because it was sooo amazing was the kobe steak sashimi (definitely worth $22 a plate, and I suggest this is a must try! but for those that don't like eating raw meat, trust... it'll change your whole view on it) - Overall great experience, but I just feel that it is nothing special especially for how costly it is- and too much hype.
5	One phrase can sum this place up and pun intended, "A Cut above the rest." Corny, yes but so true. I was completely amazed by CUT and being my first time, I sure hope to return soon. Went there for yet another travel business meeting and had a fairly large group. I can't imagine what the bill came out to but nice thing, we weren't paying. The selection of meats (after all, it is a steakhouse) was amazing and I learned about a brand new type of meat called Wagyu (sp?) from Japan and it was VERY good however not the best cut. I did try out the trio of meat sampler and the American "Kobe" was exquisite ... melted in my mouth! I do not remember having a piece of meat that good before and is by far the best yet. It is yet another pricey place in Vegas but extremely above par like many others. Another great dining establishment to impress a business associate or date. The staff was amazing and extremely knowledgeable about the food they have there without hesitation or question. The restaurant is yet another creation of world famous chef Wolfgang Puck and probably the best one of his establishments I have been to yet. I haven't been to a lot of them but a nice handful. Main Course: AMAZING Sides: AMAZING Desserts: I made it through, AMAZING Favorite dish: Tour of New York which is the three meat sampler. I had it medium but they recommended medium-rare. Go out and EAT!
5	I LOVE CUT!!!! This was my second visit to CUT and I fell in love all over again. Its pricey but since the first time was so goood, I had to come again and make sure I wasn't dreaming before... here's why CUT's sooo great:SERVICE:  The waiters and waitresses go above and beyond to make sure their guests have a wonderful experience. They're attentive and came right over when they felt like we wanted/needed something. My friend and I ordered a bottle of riesling and loved it. Unfortunately, we forgot to get the winery it was from and decided to ask the waiter. He wasted no time to find the name for us and came back with all the information we would need in a fancy little envelope. The little things people do always make a big difference. FOOD: The bread is DELICIOUS!! There's a man that comes around with a platter of different types of breads you can try. I've tried all of them and my faves are the onion bread and the pretzel. SO GOOD. We got two appetizers, bone marrow and kobe sliders. The bone marrow was pretty good, it was very creamy and topped with a sauce that added some saltiness to the dish. The kobe sliders were topped with sweet pickles and sauteed onions. The meat was soft (of course). For the main dishes, my friend ordered a 20 oz. USDA bone-in rib-eye with bone marrow. It was huge!!!! It was cooked perfectly to his liking. My other friend ordered kobe spare ribs. She said that the meat was nice and soft too, but the flavoring wasn't her style. I got the japanese kobe wagyu ribeye with bone marrow. OMG. LIKE BUTTER, probably because there was fat throughout the meat. It was soft, very, very, VERY soft. I mean, I knew that japanese wagyu meat was soft, but this practically melted in my mouth. I'm still contemplated whether it was a bit too soft... haha. I dunno. The first time I came I had the American kobe ribeye and I might like that one more just because I don't feel like I'm eating butter... :)Anyway, CUT is amazing. I have vowed to come back once a year, as long as I'm not broke, of course.
4	I can't really give it 5 stars yet, but it could change since I'll be there again soon. It was months ago when I tried this place out. its a great restaurant, but not the best that ive had so far. craftsteak to me had better service and food. It looks great inside and the food was good.  The American wagyu was great and cooked perfectly.  the sea bass was also good. they actually filet the fish at the table. this place gets only 4 stars because the waiter dropped a piece of onion onto my jeans which really pissed me off. overall, a decent experience.
4	what more can i say?????in the words of larry david......cut is "pretty, pretty good"......dudes weekend in vegas and my boy got a comped suite at palazzo.....so what better way to return a kind gesture than to treat him to a little wagyu!!!!wolfgang did a great job with this one......we made an early 5pm dinner reservation on a saturday night so we could relax and wouldn't be too full for lavo later that night.....excellent plan!!!!!they start off the night by bringing out some breads........the pretzel was good enough for me.......the waiter was hella pushy though asking several times if we wanted a pre-dinner cocktail.......after his 5th or 6th inquiry, i decided to get my usual dirty martini.......started with the bone marrow flan........excellent choice!!!!we all ordered the american wagyu.....6 oz......u may be thinking to yourself, i can inhale 6 oz of steak.......but this is no ordinary piece of meat.........its so filling with all of its juices and fat.......very very flavorful.......i only had to put about 20% effort into chewing iti like to call it "meat flavored butter"one thing that irked me was that i was nursing my martini........i had a good two sips left and i like to save the olives til the end.........well, while we were talking over dinner, i had my back turned to my glass..........next thing i know the waiter swiped it from the table without even asking!!!!!!before i could comprehend what happened, he was gone around the cornerfinal tab for 4......about $400........little pricey but worth itthe decor is very casual........the seats remind me of expensive lawn furniture that swivel........the wood flooring was rich and dark and the booths were of cream leather..........perfect for a dinner date for twoi would have given this place 5 but the waiter's sneak attack on my olives took this rating down a stari have yet to venture to the beverly hills one but will compare very very sooni try to go to vegas once a month or two and cut will definitely be on the agenda from now on.........JYEAH!
2	The good thing about this place is everything but the steaks and waiter. The salad, bread, and dessert, and side dishes were superb. The steak tasted like a $15 steak. I guess it's the way they cook it-- which was meeh for me. Once I got my steak, my mouth dropped. The outside of the steak was BLACK. It was burnt! I was so disappointed. I told the waiter and instead of apologizing, he was defending himself and saying how that's the way the steak is supposed to be. WHAT AN ASS. I'm paying a lot for my steak and I should at least have an opportunity to enjoy it! The worst waiter ever. Although everything but the steak was good, I give it 2 stars due to the fact that this steakhouse can't even perfect a steak (well, it is a steakhouse after all!) and the waiter was a douche bag.
5	My boyfriend brought me here for my birthday back in October 2008.  One word: amazing.  I had the Japanese Wagyu Ribeye, and it literally melted in my mouth.  The meat was so tender and so fatty - it was unbelievably delicious.  At first, I could not imagine what type of meat would cost $160 for 6oz, but one bite of this completely blew me away.  A few more bites of this filled me up, as the meat was so rich.  Luckily, my boyfriend had the traditional USDA Prime Ribeye 16oz so we shared our meats.  For those who has no one to share with, I would recommend the tasting menu (Japanese Wagyu From Kagoshima Prefecture 2 Oz, American "Kobe Style" From Snake River Farms 4 Oz, U.S.D.A. PRIME Dry Age From Nebraska 4 Oz) so you have a sampling of all 3 levels of meats and you will not be overwhelmed by the Wagyu.  The quality of the meats was great, and obviously this was a very expensive meal.  Without any appetizers, wine, sides, or dessert, our bill came out to be almost $300.  Oh, they also bring around a bread basket in the beginning, and you have the option of many many different types of breads.  They were all delicious!  There was also some complimentary dessert and they were just as amazing.Overall, this was a great dining experience.  I've been to quite a good number of steakhouses, and this is my favorite so far.  I plan to come back here again and also visit the one in Beverly Hills since I'm from LA.  Oh, I dont remember why we didnt have wine but please make sure you have some with your steak.
3	Service is excellent although I don't require that level of attention (I personally find it to be uncomfortable... so much ass kissing that they might as well wipe it while they're at it, but major ego boost for those that like the superattentive, major ass kissing level of service).  As for the food, the steak is ok relative to its peers (Morton's, Ruth's Chris, etc, etc....), the potato puree tasted muuuuuchhhh better, and the cheese breadsticks were probably the best!  Chocolate souffle was also so so (perhaps it's because I am comparing to one I've had at the Phoenician resort in Phoenix and have yet been able to try another one just as good).  Overall, it's a nice and convenient place to have good steak if you happen to stay at Venetian/Palazzo at Vegas, but I definitely would not brave traffic to go to a CUT in LA
4	King for a day!  The Cut is rather expensive, but you are pamered throughout the day.  The Kobe steaks are rich and tender.  The service is superb and make you feel wanted. Overall, a great experience at the Cut and certainly worth it if you are willing to pay the price.
2	2.5  stars. Did I come on the wrong day? We came here for my birthday dinner and we even got the Wagyu beef and I still think there are many many better steakhouses around. There is nothing memorable about their food except their great service, sorry.
4	When CUT first opened in Vegas, I was dying to go, what with all the hype behind the Beverly Hills location.  So, for my fifth wedding anniversary, I took the plunge.  5 stars for service - We had early (5:30pm...babysitter scheduling) reservations, but we arrived about 20 minutes late.  No problem.  After checking in with the hostess, we were seated immediately.  Not even a 10 seconds went by, then our waiter introduced himself.  Throughout the night, we were constantly checked on and our water glasses were never empty (we had tap, not bottled).  We ate fast (total meal clocked in at about 2 hours), but at no time were we ever rushed or felt rushed.  The pacing of the dishes matched our eating and they gave ample time between courses to digest.  Great front-back of house communication!4 stars for food - As an amuse bouche, they sent out these cheddar cheese puffs.  No, they're not like Cheetos, but they tasted like Red Lobster chef muffins.  Wonderful.  Too bad those weren't on the bread tray!  My wife ordered the fava bean and artichoke salad to start, which was surprisingly unappealing.  I'm not a bean fan, so I'm probably just biased.  My wife wished she had ordered something else.  I had the pork belly.  That was THE most incredible appetizer I have eaten in the past year.  The texture was a bit tough on one side (let's call it "crispy"), but that took nothing away from the aromas and flavors.  I could have had that as my meal.  The breads and parmesan sticks were good, but nothing extraordinary.  We both had 16 ounce Nebraska Rib Eyes booked med-rare.  It was juicy and flavorful, but there was a slight bit too much pepper (which counteracted the wine) and the char was slightly thick.  All in all, a good steak, but nothing phenomenal (Stripsteak and Smith & Wollensky do it for me).  For desert, we ordered a strawberry shortcake (the shortcake looked like a biscuit but was surprisingly light and fluffy)  and chocolate souffle (it looked like it would overly sweet and rich, but was a perfect balance).  Both were decadent, but not otherworldly (Lutece is still the benchmark).  5 stars for wine service - While the wine list wasn't value oriented (why should it be when a steak runs $60?), there were some interesting buys.  Being that my wife doesn't drink, I was looking for order off the by the glass list.  Well, they really didn't have anything good and I wasn't about to pay $20 for a glass of something that I can buy at the grocery store for $15,  So I looked at half-bottles.  The pickings were slim there, too.  I ended up buying a full bottle of 1998 Leeuwin Art Series Cabernet Sauvignon for $85.  Not cheap, but a bargain compared to the half bottle of 2005 Ramey Cabernet for $80.  Even thought I ordered a relatively cheap wine, they treated it and me with respect and decanted it well.  All in all, it was a good meal made great by fantastic service.
4	My husband has been hankering for Kobe and Wagyu and this is one of the main reasons he chose Vegas for our anniversary getaway. He had heard that CUT knows their Kobe. It is so refreshing to go into such a chic ,hip decor. The wait staff were all male and so professional. They really know their stuff. Nothing like a big hunk of raw beef being plonked on the table. My hubby chose the sampler. He had been planning it for months...;)I chose an 8 oz Snake River so wish they made 4oz steaks. I just cannot eat that much meat. I tasted the true deal KOBE off of my husbands plate and it was way to rich for my blood. He agreed that it was excellent but he also preferred the Snake River...thanks Thomas Keller for making us dream of Snake River for a year. The sides were nice but nothing spectacular. the finger-lings in the bacon very yummy and any kind of polenta is good for me. We were staying at the Venetian so it was very convenient. Service wise the wait staff deserve a solid 5. A very good and enjoyable meal.
2	Holy Recession, Batman!  Cut heads my list of restaurants that will soon be closed in the next 6 to 12 months.  Back in the heyday of our economy, people would splurge and head to restaurants like this to spend $140 for a 3 pieces of 4oz. 'kobe steak sampler', and then be forced to spend another $12 to $15 per additional side.  When I went here ~3 weeks ago, my Radiologist buddy dropped ~$500 for his meal--he had the Kobe sampler, 1 side, and had 2 to 3 glasses of wine and a desert (we as a table had split up the cost of all the side dishes).  If this seems exorbitant/bit of highway robbery to you, that's because it is!It'd be one thing if the food was orgasmic.  I personally have a hard time justifying overpaying simply for the title "Kobe beef" on my dinner plate.  And unless the prices here included little women with soft hands massaging my toenails, I cannot say that the food was worth it.  Perhaps if they cut their prices in 1/2, maybe.  Altogether, I'd avoid CUT like the plague, unless you are taking that pretentious materialistic kinda' date that is more impressed with how much you CAN pay, rather than the actual quality of the food.
4	great steaks+great service = expensive meal
5	The best steak I have ever had in my life.Mind you I don't frequent steakhouses that cost more than 100 a head so obviously it was a special treat. But seriously, foods Ive never heard of and steaks Ive never tasted ever. The service is pretty good. We go a bottle of shiraz and the guy took like 10 min opening and pouring the wine for us. (he did this thing were he "primed" the glasses with a little wine) Then we each got appetizers. I got a bone marrow flan which was the oddest/most delicious thing I had...til I got my 20oz bone in ribeye...mmmmm. We also got a couple sides which were ok. They also give you breads which you must get the pretzel roll. By the end of the meal we were all struggling to move. We didn't even go to a club because we were in such bad food comas... Obviously unless I'm making some serious cash I'm not going here frequently but when in vegas sometimes you are allowed to splurge.
5	One of the best steakhouses in Vegas.  One of the few to serve Japanese Kobe beef.Only had the privilege of trying this place twice in the past six months.  No reservations either time (we just walked in after a successful day of poker at the Venetian.)  No problems.Service was outstanding (although we are biased since we knew some of the servers).The ambiance is very modern yet comfortable.  You know you are in a new American steakhouse.The appetizers were very good but not memorable.  This is because the steaks are the focus of this restaurant.  Servers will come to your table and show you the different cuts and grades of beef before you place your order.  I was ready to eat the steak raw at that moment.  Strongly recommend the American Kobe.  This cut is not as rich as the Japanese Kobe but based on the portion size, no one can finish the Japanese Kobe.  Prime steaks are OK but common, you can get that in your home town. As always, we skipped the sides.  The focus in on the steaks.One note, be careful with the amount of bread you consume.  It's easy to fill up before you even get to the steaks.  The soft pretzel is outstanding and the breadsticks are so crisp that I showered my guest twice with crumbs; sorry.The wine list is well chosen and includes many of the trendiest boutique wines from the new world.  Watch out, you can easily overspend.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
4	In the Palazzo hotel Las Vegas, Wolfgang's Cut opened with ultra slick  dining room decor and great attention to detail. Im not a huge fan or wasn't a huge fan of Chef Puck  but whoa this steakhouse is incredible. Most possibly due to the amount of energy and detail going into the service here. We threw down for the Kobe ribe eye! $140 big ones. Incredible experience. I'm not sure if I would do it again however...Kobe steak has a very soft I would say foie gras-esque texture. A teeny tad bit over bearing if you want to get into a good texture of steak. Ahh I know ! Get your friend that doesn't or hasn't tried it to order it..come on you can convince them with the ol' " you have to try everything once in your lifetime " line...THEN you order the ribeye which was also masterfully done. Even their cornfed Iowa steak offerings are as good as you will get. Also did a ton of appetizers which is our 'm.o.' Seafood salad was a standout ! Desserts...masterfully done...i actually base my whole meal around getting to dessert.Overall damage with wine : 6 people $850Only reason it doesn't get the 5 star is the items on the menu don't stretch out into the creativity zone. This was a religious steak experience by all counts however. What they do there at CUT they do well...damn well ! A definite check out !
4	Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm... CUT!We shared the corn salad starter.  Now, corn salad sounds so terribly unappealing to me - but it was the one salad the three of us could agree on.  SO SO SO SO GOOD!  Mmmmm.. corn salad!And then the bread tray.  I heart bread trays.  We sampled all the bread but my heart and my taste buds have pledged allegiance to the fresh baked, soft, doughy, salty pretzel bread.  The best thing ever.  So good.  the nice waiter actually put six of the pretzels in a container for us - which we snacked on the entire next day - just because we couldn't stop gushing about them.There was a small cheese-puff amuse bouche that came out after the salad.  It was yummy.For my main course I had the filet mignon, cooked to perfection.  Seriously.  Perfect.  Delicious.  Wow.  I mean... WOW!  What a great steak.While we each ordered sauce - I had the bearnaise (yum), my friend had the horseradish (good) and my sister had the steak sauce (a bit sweet for me) - we truly didn't need it... what your server doesn't tell you is that they will bring out various mustards - lavender, etc - and that the mustards are just as good as - if not better than - the sauces.Service was impeccable.  Attentive but not in your face.My cocktail was okay.  I think it was called a Hemingway.  It didn't blow me away.  Neither did the mille-feuille the three of us shared... It was okay, not great.  A let down, actually.  The cream was delicious but a mille-feuille translates - literally - into a thousand sheets.  As in "lots of pastry."  And this had maybe 5 sheets.  Maybe not.  I would have skipped the dessert and gone somewhere else.  Finally, the sides were a mixed back.  The creamed spinach was good, but not great.  The yukon potato puree was tasteless... the peppers and mushrooms were DEEEEELISH.  Please, do everyone a favor and order them.  mmmmm.So, 5 stars for theservice, the meat, the bread and the salad.4 stars for the sauces.3 stars for the cocktails and sides.2 stars for the dessert.4 stars overall... I'll be back, but I still prefer CraftSteak and Nero.
5	I have had the pleasure of having dinner at both CUT three times over the last three months.  While I believe CUT's food is near the best in Las Vegas, I actually believed Delmonico's had a slight edge with service and I am just a big fan of ribeye in general.  However, this past week, the impeccable service at CUT made me a true believer.  The general manager Gianni Toffonello is extremely professional and did all the small things necessary to make our dining experience truly amazing.  We were there last night to treat our good friend to one last blissful dinner before his deployment to Afghanistan.  Among the people in our group, we tried the Japanese Kobe, American Wagyu Filet, and Waygu New York Sirloin.  The quality of the beef was apparent with each bite.  And most importantly, there was no flaw in the service.  I am a HUGE believer in customer service and I believe that when my friends and me are treated with respect, it makes me want to share my excitement about the restaurant with the rest of the world.I have no doubt that I will be returning to CUT during my next trip to Las Vegas.  It is now a staple of any Vegas trip.
3	There is something to be said about a restaurant when your favorite dish is only a starter. It's like watching a movie with a great beginning but only to fall short at then ending leaving the viewer unsatisfied and wondering what happened?When a starter is so great, it sets the pace for the rest of the meal -- thinking that everything after can ONLY get better. WRONG. My SO's ribeye, as he described it, was "charcoal on a stick..." My filet was kinda tough, dry and lacked flavor. Totally not like the bone-in filet at Mastro's. At Mastros, it's so tender and velvety and melts right in your mouth. Mmmm... mastro's.... Oh wait, this is CUT.The starters: weiser farm's cavallon melon, prosciutto di parma, fresh burrata cheese, tuscan olive oil & the bone marrow flan, mushroom marmalade, parsley salad was delicious! The creamed spinach was nothing spectacular and I didn't appreciate the egg on top. Don't get me wrong. It was edible just not exciting. Neither was the morels... this was WAYYYYYYYY salty. What could have saved the meal ended up with more disappointment. Dessert was okay. Seemed like a cheap rough version of a delicate mille-feuille (even though they call it a tatin), served with gelato and berries. Booooo..... I give the whole experience maybe 5 of 6 out of 10.
4	Went with a party of 7 on a Monday night.  Service was outstanding..it felt like we had 2 waiters per person!  I sat on the end so I got to see the waiters serve wine, prepare someone's lobster from shell to plate, refill Voss sparkling and still water, etc...Amuse: cheese puffs...nothing special.Cocktail: can't remember the name, but it was citron, sweet n sour, limoncello and amaretto..with a cinnamon-rimmed glass...soo goodWine: Bottle of red, yummy- not sure what is was because it was picked out before I arrived, went well with beef of courseBreads: Choice of pretzel, onion focaccia, pumpernickel, and sourdough. I went with pretzel - very soft and yummy, but not warm.Appetizer: Tuna Tartare...super delicious reddest tuna I have seen, covered in beautiful avocado slices and masago, with 4 corners of plate covered with baby sliced radishes and cucumbers, ginger, wasabi, and kaiware sprouts + togarashi toastsEntree: The disappointment of the evening.  I ordered the 8-hour slow-cooked kobe beef short ribs "Indian style" - served on pureed mint "raita" and corn puree.  The curry sauce was wayyyyy too strong...ruined the meat flavor and made it hard to stomach.  The meat was cooked well but really, I could barely touch it.  I know it is a steakhouse so I probably should have gotten a steak, but my stomach didn't agree with that idea so I went with something easier to chew :)Sides: I picked out the wild mushrooms and shisito peppers which I thought were amazing.  I also really liked the cavatappi mac n cheese, and the tempura onion rings.  Didn't try the fries.  The sauteed spinach and polenta were tasteless.Dessert: Ice cream sandwich with cherry coke float (I only tried the float) and bruleed banana cream pie (I had some banana with chocolate caviar crisp things, that much of it was tasty).The servers brought out more little rectangular bars that I had no room for, but one was "upscale Snickers," key lime pie, and chocolate fudge.Service: Very thorough.  Intimidating when sides came out as each side had a waiter bombarding each person at the table with "Do you want some of this?"  Water was refilled ASAP, and all of the servers knew who had sparkling and who had still.  When cocktails were finished, the glasses were removed quickly.  Servers were friendly, information on each steak was provided before we ordered, and the waiters made sure we knew what sides were ordered when it was our turn so we could get something else for the table.Other: The other person who ordered short ribs didn't like them either.  The lady who ordered lobster said it took so long for the server to take it from shell to plate that it was very cold.  Also, they delivered 4 types of mustard and did not explain who or what they were for, but charged for other sauces.Summary: I would return as everything but my entree was flavorful and the service was decent.  The drinks were great too.  I would probably work out for 8 hours and fast so I could fit a steak in, but at least my kobe was tender - if it was just in the mint and corn purees and without the curry I bet it would have been simple and fantastic.
4	If someone else is buying, I'd go back here happily. The detractors were fairly few, but I'll call them out right here.  1, the wine list, though fairly extensive, had unreasonable pricing on the lower end bottles.  I understand the mark-up system, but there should be a more reasonable option for those who need it.  2, the cheese plate was not good.  It was not balanced, and just needed a little fixer to be right.The bad news out of the way, it was a tasty place to dine when you're craving red meat.  I had the bone marrow flan appetizer, which was rich, buttery and flavorful.  The presentation was also very nice.  My main was the Indian spiced short ribs. I had a major mental disconnect on this. Beef and Indian spices?  Seriously, isn't Shiva going to rain fire down for this?  Well, if she does, it would be a pity, as the flavors were wonderful. The texture was perfect.  I also tried the lamb chops which were juicy, flavorful, etc.  Another person at my table had the new york, and it was also excellent. It had a good char, deep flavor, and was properly cooked. The other people at the table I was at actually requested to have their meat fired again, as their definition of steakhouse medium was actually a proper steakhouse medium well, but I wouldn't fault the restaurant for their preference for meat, which in my opinion is over cooked.  The restaurant was very accomodating to their needs, and provided excellent service.
5	To start, most the negative reviews I've read on here are written by people who don't know about high-quality steak. It's supposed to be marbled with fat -- that's where you get the flavor. And it's supposed to be charred dark on the outside -- it's not burnt but quickly charred to keep the flavor & juiciness in. That said, our meal at Cut was one of the best dining experiences we've had in a very long time, if not ever.First, we got a great big booth, just the 2 of us, and the atmosphere is very nice -- modern, hip -- even the music is classic rock. I love the little pedestal sinks in the bathroom, and he loved the dining room chandeliers.A breadstick basket with cheese sticks arrived -- delicious -- followed by the best gougeres (cheese puffs) I've ever had. They were made of/in puff pastry, which is unusual, & so good. Then, after we ordered, the bread tray with fantastic pretzel bread & focaccia, which we devoured, knowing damn well the meal would be filling. And, oh, it was.He had the tuna tartare with avocado on top -- a healthy & delicious portion of both. I had thinly slices asparagus on brioche with a soft-boiled egg & bacon vinagrette on top -- oh my god, it was amazing. I absolutely devoured it. All the flavors came together and made for orgasmically explosive bites.Then his dry-aged 16-oz bone-in rib eye & my pork chop. Both were thick, juicy, moist, cooked just right, and fantastic. Our onion rings on the side were a bit superfluous, but, dipped in panko, we had to eat them cautiously so as not to fill up on such deliciousness. Somehow, we made room for dessert, and good thing. Best chocolate souffle I've ever had -- served in its own little sauce pan. His apricot/blackberry crumble, with a shortbread crumble, wasn't so bad either. :)As for service, it was perfect. It was timed just right so that we got our appetizers pretty quickly but had some time to digest before dinner. The servers were all attentive, and there were many of them, and the presentation was fantastic, very old-world steakhouse elegant with tableside presentation, dishes all served simultaneously, and everything presented just right. He also loved his martini with blue-cheese-stuffed olives. Both our wines were great. A little pricey by the glass, but that was no surprise.We were a little hesitant to try Cut because a) it's not so cheap, and b) Wolfgang Puck has spread himself a bit thin over the last 10+ years, and some restaurants have suffered because of it.Cut is not one of those restaurants.
5	There's a couple of things to mention first: 1.  I don't tend to like Wolfgang Puck restaurants - at least not since dining at Spago in the mid 90s.  He puts his name on a lot and I don't know that he pays attention to any of his endeavors.2.  We can be food snobs - we live in San Francisco and visit Vegas frequently.  We have dined in many fine restaurants over time.  We always have high expectations in restaurants where the per head bill is over $100.So what was our verdict?  While we had very high expectations, we were not prepared to be totally blown away, which is what happened.It really was a perfect evening.  The service, which is done in teams without anyone missing a beat, was incredibly attentive but NOT intrusive.  The food was superlative.  The atmosphere was hip, modern and pleasant.  To start, don't fill up on the bread - and there's lots of it - from Parmesan covered breadsticks, to cheese in puff pastry, to the bread basket with pretzels, breads and foccacia, you can make a meal of the bread.The food was also not as expected.  It's hard to put inventive twists on normal dishes, but they managed to do so.  The Tuna Tartare had unique flavors, came with great toast crisps and wasabi aoili.  It also had beautiful slices of avocado on top and presented as a perfect terrine.  Normally portions for appetizers, particularly raw tuna, are very small - this was not.  And the taste was outstanding.  I had tuna tartare the previous night at another great restaurant and it didn't compare.The Asparagus Salad was so nicely presented it was almost a shame to cut into it.  Each of the very thin, tender asparagus spears were perfectly lined up on a piece of brioche with a perfectly cooked poached egg gently placed on top.  I had the dry aged Nebraska Rib Eye (boneless) 16 oz.  It was a beautiful piece of meat, perfectly char grilled medium rare and with very little fat.  It was juicy, tender and perfect.  My wife had the Korobuta pork chop.  Korobuta pork is the kobe beef of pork.  It was also moist, juicy and tasted great.  Our sides?  Fingerling potatoes with bacon confit and Onion Rings.  Both of them were perfect, but the tempura onion rings were phenomenal.  Now my wife is a chocolate snob - she has very high standards for chocolate desserts.  She was driven to orgasmic delight by the chocolate souffle.  I, who don't like chocolate all that much, thought it was great too.I had trouble deciding between the lemon filled doughnuts and peach/blackberry crumble with 50 bean vanilla ice cream.  The waitress steered me towards the crumble and it was wonderful... they bring it out in a hot metal baking dish and spoon it into a bowl at the table.We found out why the waitress steered me away from the doughnuts... it was my birthday and they brought me out a birthday dessert sampler which had, among other things, a lemon custard filled doughnut... the waitress was great about not spoiling the surprise and allowing me to enjoy both desserts I wanted.  So some final thoughts: 1.  Don't go if you aren't prepared for a very expensive evening - it's not cheap.  If the price tag will ruin your experience then this isn't the place for you.2.  The wait staff was excellent.  We were never steered to the most expensive items, she listened to what we told her our tastes were and made recommendations based on that.3.  If you have a martini, the blue cheese stuffed olives are incredible.4.  There is a big difference between wet aged, dry aged and kobe beef.  They explained very well all the differences and will help guide you to a great experience if you let them.  Let them know your preferences in seasoning as well as in flavor and cooking style.  They really will try to do it your way...5.  A la carte is what every steakhouse does.  As annoying as it is, Cut isn't the only one to do it.  If A La Carte will bother you, then this may not be the place for you.  6.  This is both a great place for a romantic dinner and a great place for a group get together.  7.  This is a great place to just go and enjoy a fine meal and let the troubles of the world (and the losses at the tables) melt away.  Go and enjoy!
3	Amidst the plethora of generic steakhouses in Vegas CUT is NOT cut above the rest.  Pun intended. I thought the "shock and awe" spectacle of presenting beautifully marbled raw beef of different backgrounds (filet, rib eye, Wagyu, New York) stacked together to stimulate the salvatory glands was a bit kitchy, maybe silly, but somewhat effective.   To start, I ordered the Fuji Apple salad, with bacon lardons and medjool dates.  I had the waiter arrange a wine flight for me, to which he paired a predictable, but delicious, Riesling from Germany.  It was a nice crisp start considering I was in for an incredibly rich meal.When the waiter presented the raw meat I was smitten with a Wagyu Rib Eye, and demanded it be mine.  I topped it off with bone marrow, and waited like a famished lioness.  I asked the waiter for a spicy red, and he sent me a full and spicy Bordeaux that I couldn't wait to wash down with my meat.  I am a carnivore of the worst kind, and love my meat to be as rare as possible.  For this cut I opted for Medium-Rare bloody, and received medium charred.  The fatty marble goodness I anticipated had evaporated.  What was left was a dry, grey, and chewy piece of meat.  I summoned our waiter, and he was appalled and embarrassed.  His profuse apologies, could not appease me.  I did not yell or make a scene, because that would be counterproductive, and let's be honest, it's not his fault.  I was PISSED at the cook who left that gorgeous piece of meat sitting in the oven too long.  It takes a professional idiot to kill Wagyu, and the lack of respect for a valuable product is unforgivable.  Feeling sorry for me, my mom offered to share her beautifully prepared New York Wagyu while I waited, but I wanted her to fully enjoy her meal, so I snacked on the potato gratin, and asparagus sides as I festered about the ruined meat.  Our waiter returned with a new piece of meat, more apologies, and offered to comp my meal.  I told him that was ridiculous and unnecessary.  I was angry that a product was wasted, not that I would have to pay for a meal.  What was delivered was sinfully delicious.  Tender, juicy, and melt in your mouth.  The bone marrow was buttery, fatty, and a bit iron-y.  It was great with the beef.  Accompanied by the Bordeaux, it was fantastic.  The sides were pretty forgettable and generic, and maybe that was part my fault for ordering them, but c'mon, protein, starch, and vegetable...how could you mess that up?!I don't love dessert, but my mom wanted something sweet, so we ordered some chocolate concoction that wasn't memorable.  I had a lovely Spanish Port that I enjoyed more than the dessert.When we got the bill our persistent waiter had removed my wine, and the dessert.  So I tipped like a Rockefeller, and thanked him anyway.I'm giving three stars because I do not respect a restaurant that believes it is acceptable to send out an overcooked piece of meat to a customer.  First, you have disrespected the animal, and the purveyor from where that meat originated.  It took hours of work and plenty of money, to raise, feed, clean, massage, slaughter, and ship that animal.  When you disrespect the product you disrespect the entire process it took to get that product on the table, as well as the customer, and your profession as a cook.  Three stars.
5	Having just recently been to Japan, I was excited to see wagyu/kobe beef being offered.  My fiance raved about this place so I thought I'd give it a try.   I made reservations a week ahead for 8 PM on a Friday night.  The atmosphere and decor of the restaurant is modern.  The menu isn't cheap,  the steaks avg from $60 - $200.   I ordered the Rib Eye Wagyu/Kobe beef which was $85.   For the side items, we ordered mac and cheese, potatoes, and spinach.   It took awhile for the food to come out, so we loaded up on the breadsticks and bread they are complimentary.  Out came the steaks..  It was cooked beautifully.  It was seared and cooked to a perfect medium rare.  I got the sauce from Argentina and this complimented the steak very well  It was a perfect amount of food, and the hightlight of the evening.  I will recommend to all!
3	Went with a big B-Party before a night of booze and hangovers. It has a sleek "too cool for school" vibe which is the signature for vegas celeb chef restaurants. The Wagyu platter was impressive as they brought it out rare to show you what you can have if you would like to sell your first born and take out a second mortgage. Went with the butter lettuce salad which as very good. Bread selection was dominated by the pretzel bread which was phenomenal. I'm not a big steak guy, so I went with the Slow roasted short ribs with Indian spices. Turned out to be a good choice as the doneness of all the steaks at our table were as dependable as hitting a straight flush in the poker room. Sides were good though...i guess The thing that made they whole meal worthwhile was the 25% off my friend somehow came across when booking the restaurant
5	The first few times we came here, it was delicioso! My bf always gets the Japanese Wagyu and I get the filet because it's a little healthier for me. I looove the bread they bring out in the beginning, a walnut and focaccia bread. My bf loves the cheese bread balls. We usually get seconds on bread. They bring out the meat so you can see the different types of cut, this is the only restaurant I've seen do this. The ambiance and decor is very modern and trendy and the service is good. You share the sides, and we normally go with a large party so we are able to order mac/cheese (which is the favorite), spinach with egg, mushrooms, and a bunch of others. My favorite appetizer is the tuna tartare. Be sure to look at the wine list because we ordered 2 $700 bottles of wine thinking they were the regular bottles and not a limited edition one. Most of the desserts are fabulous. Definitely a great steakhouse that offers Kobe beef.
2	This was my first time at Cut and I was hesitant on coming here to begin with. I wanted a more up beat, hip ambiance as my friends and I are all in the 26-30 age range. The restaurant was very loungy and quiet, not loud or high energy. We waited about 15 mins for a table although we had reservations which was fine since we lounged at the bar. They bring out raw cuts of meat to show you the difference which I thought was cool. I started with the tuna tartare which was excellent. My best friend had the kobe beef sashimi which was super salty. Easy on the soy sauce chef! Our friend had a seafood platter that they forgot to put in so it took awhile, and the crab had way too much mayonnaise.For my entree I went with the $75 6 oz American Filet Mignon.  The filet was excellent and the sauce on the side brought out the flavors of the meat. For a side I picked the cream of spinach with the egg. The flavor of the spinach was good but just didnt go great with my steak. My bill was $150 and I didnt even have a cocktail. Oh and they are slick they charge for water unless you specify you want tap water. The steak was the higlight, but the place was over priced the ambiance sucked and I wouldnt go back. I hear 9ne at the Palms has excellent food and is way more fun, I'll go there next time.
3	CUT is a very trendy steakhouse that fits the Las Vegas atmosphere very well.I'm going to make this short and simple. Service here is good. For appetizers I had the bone mural flan for the first time. It's different but really good. I ordered the Nebraska 35 day aged ribeye. It was ok considering they overcooked my steak. If I was a medium cooked steak eater, then this would taste right. My friend's cheaper ribeye cut was better because it was cooked right. I felt they were inconsistent and it is no excuse for a steakhouse that charge $50-180 for steaks.
2	The best things I can say about this place is that the service was terrific, really very attentive, friendly and careful to explain everything we had questions on.  The waitress and sommelier and the guy who served the food, all top notch.The porterhouse was overcooked though, the potato tart tatin was, I hate to say it, disgusting, peppery mush inside, hard potato slices on the outside.  The summer corn app had some kind of yogurt mixed in with it that did not agree with me (not that it was "off", it was definitely fresh) but it just did not sit right with me.   I felt like a lot of the dishes had one ingredient too many, they could easily simplify them and the main ingredient would stand out instead of the seasonings taking first place.They were out of the wine we selected but the sommelier was so sweet, he gave us another "better" bottle at the same price which was so nice but then the staff told us no less than 3x that he gave us a discount and it was written on the bill in, i shit you not, 4 places.  Way to ruin a nice gesture.The decor was so odd, i felt like i was sitting in a desk chair and for some reason, i hated, HATED their chandelier/sconces, I know this  random but they really were hideous.There are much better places in Vegas to spend your money!
3	When my friends and I decided we were going to get true Japanese Wagyu as our final meal for our trip, we spent a good amount of time walking the strip trying to find out who had A5 wagyu.  Unfortunately, CUT was primarily the only option (Mina's has it but we ate there the first night).  So, the only real reason we went to CUT was because it served Wagyu.  My biggest complaint is that its a Wolfgang Puck restaurant and I haven't really had much success with those.  Nonetheless, we dove straight in to taste our first wagyu.  Pros:The Japanese A5 wagyu is everything it is cracked up to be.  I think I'll never look at steak the same way.  It has sortof ruined my tastes for other steak.  I got the ribeye and it was amazing.  The steak litterally melts in your mouth.  You can almost push your tongue on the roof of your mouth and a thin slice of wagyu almost melts.  It is pretty fatty but an amazing cut of meat.  Something every true meat afficionado HAS to eat if they ever want to call themselves a meat eater.  Easily a bucket list type of meal and this was a box that was crossed off for me.  Amazing steak.  They really hit it.Pros: Excellent appetizers.Really one of the few steakhouses on the strip that serves true japanese wagyu.Service is fairly good.  Reasonably attentive.  Cons:Chef Wolfgang does not cook in the back.  So please don't tell me that chef Wolfgang is making those mustards that they serve as an amuse bouche.  Really!  I mean, really?  Is that your amuse bouche?  Different types of mustards that I can dip my pretzel looking like bread in?  The decor is more out of a 70s cookie cutter box where Dirk Diggler is gonna do some blow on the tables before they head out.  Really didn't like it as much as I wanted to.  It feels exactly like the location it is, a restaurant in the shoppes in between two great casinos.  The wine by the glass selection is horrible.  Actually, the selections of wines by the bottle isn't very good either.  I ended up drinking a scotch and just dreaming of the steak I ate.  If it wasn't for our decision to eat wagyu, I wouldn't have eaten here.  Although it did allow me to eat the steak of my dreams, the wine selection is poor, the decision to serve me mustard and tell me that Chef Wolfgang in the back decided to provide this for us really kind of put me in a different mood.  Heck, maybe he was in the back (Sunday night) but for some reason I'm thinking he wasn't.  I know Mr. Puck is from Austria, but mustards?  Maybe I'm missing something and I don't know the history of mustards and steak.In the end, I feel like I'm a part of the assembly line machine that is the Wolfgang Puck establishment and this just happens to be a steakhouse.  I don't feel any real personality in this place nor any vision with the food.  I have to admit, the steak was excellent but I think the steak speaks for itself, its everything else that I'd rather not hear.
3	Our table had the American wagyu, lobster, sea bass, and dry aged ribeye with some sides and appetizers. Ehh. It's alright. The only dishes that stood out were the wagyu and lobster (of course, the most expensive dishes). All the other dishes were unimpressive. We didn't even finish the sea bass or the ribeye. Service was attentive but rather indifferent. If you're looking to splurge and get blown away, try Delmonico's instead.
5	This place serves meat that's more tasty and tender than a grilled newborn. I went with a friend of mine and we gorged out. We started with the maple glazed pork belly ($19). That was served with a little bit of greens, absolutely delicious. We also got the tuna tartare appetizer ($22); it was served with wasabi aioli, avocado, ginger, wonton strips. Delicious, high quality. Paired the appetizers with a good Macallan 18 ($25) and we were in heaven.For my main course, I got the 10 oz American Wagyu/kobe beef ribeye ($80). It was cooked a perfect medium rare, served with a side of wild mushrooms ($12) and cauliflower ($12).  Paired that with the CUT Trace Manhattan (buffalo trace whiskey, standard manhattan, $14) and I was in heaven.Dessert looked like too much, I couldn't do it. Dinner came out to around $275 for the two of us with our 25% off as locals. Delicious meal, A+, high on my list, would go again in a heartbeat.
1	Awful. Did I say awful? This place is a real LV stinker. Over hype, overpriced, over full of itself. Whatever you do, don't order fish. I thought the place in Beverly Hills was over the top - with a view of the driveway and unloading vans and limos. Really, a mess in progress.
5	AMAZING MEAL and GORGEOUS RESTAURANT. Best we had all weekend in Vegas. Filet was awesome and so were the other dishes ordered in our party of 12. Dover sole was unbelievable and so are all of the sides including melt in your mouth polenta and creamed spinach with fried egg. Service was as wonderful as our food. Pricey but worth every penny. For dessert get the baked alaska- it was to die for.
5	This is by far the BEST steakhouse I have ever been to and will go back (went back already a second time).First time I was there I had the New York sampler with practically all of it's appetizers.  ALL of which were fantastic...there was not one dish that disappointed me.  the NY sampler consists of 4oz. USDA, 4oz. American wagyu, and 2oz. of the Japanese Wagyu.  I started with the USDA and said "cool"....went to the American Wagyu and said "WOW"...then was on the Japanese Wagyu and said "___"...Yes!!  I was speachless!!  THEE BEST piece of meat I have ever had.  I then tried to eat the USDA and it wasn't even "cool" anymore...so I didn't even bother with that and left it.  Finished the American and saved the best for last....the Japanese Wagyu.  Went back again in 2 months and I said I was not gonna fool arround this time.  I went straight for the $180 - 8 ounce - Japanese Wagyu.  Again...I was not disappointed and a well spent $250+ dinner.You must try...
5	Delicious, lucious American Wagyu from CUT makes my top three steaks of all time.  My friend and I splurged on the American Wagyu, and I might say it was the best spent $90 of my epicurean life (porterhouse for two is $180). We actually missed a Friday reservation because of flight delays, but they offered to re-schedule us for Saturday.  They only had a table in their lounge (vs the dining room), which we actually preferred.  Very cool bar, modern but comfortable lounge with normal tables for dining.  We started with a bottle of prosecco that my wonderful friend had sent for my birthday, gougeres and several types of bread with nicely salt and spiced butter. We split a butter lettuce salad, which was good start.  A side of butternut squash, which came with roasted celery root and leek, was just delicious.With our steak, and the addition of two more friends, we ordered a bottle of red -- it was a challenge to find a recession-friendly bottle among the three- and four-digit prices.  We skimped on wine and went with a ~$50 bottle of Malbec that did the job.  Back to the Wagyu -- they bring out the entire sizzling skillet and carve the NY strip and filet so you get a few of each.  Comes with the house steak sauce and a Bernaise, though absolutely not necessary.  The savory juices (and frankly fat) spread through your mouth with each bite that is pure heaven.  My wonderful friend also sent a birthday dessert, which we swore we all had no space left in our body for, until we had the first bite of banana creme goodness, and proceeded to devour the rest.Meal was culinary bliss for about two hours, despite the struggles of my corseted friend.  Amazing meal.  Total for one with tax and tip (minus the champagne and dessert) was $173...
5	Okay. I consider myself a lover of all food, someone who has had a taste of everything here and there. And while I think that I've had the best of the best, and the worst of the worst, I must say that after all my years on this earth I feel like I have wasted them all until I ate at CUT. I'm exaggerating, yes. But you know what? One bite of a steak at CUT tasted like heaven. Here I was, lalala-ing about how I've had so much good food in my life, and then one bite of a petit (haha) NY strip steak made me want to jump out of my seat and sing from the rooftops and fields in Europe. Laaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!I guess I've been selling myself short... I've never had a dry aged steak before. I never thought steak would taste so good, let alone without soy sauce (filipino thing). It was grilled on some wood grill and then fired in a billion degree oven with all these spices. Ahh, yes. And the peppercorn sauce that I got along with it? DELIGHTFUL. HEAVEN IN MY MOUTH. The side dishes: fingerling potatoes with bacon confit and caramelized pearl onions, mac n cheese, sauteed spinach, creamed spinach... all very good too. My cousin and I indulged in that yummy bone marrow flan... all delightfully good. The side dishes may not have been a good idea, as it was a struggle to even finish my steak. But I finished it. If my steak was $55 dollars, all of it better be in my stomach by the end of the night.I don't exaggerate the greatness of CUT... the next night I found myself at a restaurant back home in SF and I pretty much ordered the same thing: steak, sides, etc. Once I took a bite and swallowed that piece of meat, I sighed. CUT basically ruined steak for me. Not that the steak that I was having at the time wasn't good, it's just that it didn't have the same juiciness and tenderness of the previous steak. It made me question my eating habits, the way I choose my food, the way I live my life. Ugh, it was so delicious. I need to come back here.
5	I gave Cut another go around this weekend.  I had the Kobe Rib Eye.  OH MY, WHAT A RIB EYE!  Incredible steak complimented by a wonderful Wasabi Yuzu butter.  Skip the bernaise and go for the wasabi butter and you'll be oh so happy.
5	One call down to the concierge and I was able to snag a 5:30pm reservation to Wolfgang's CUT. We walked in and were promptly seated. Once seated we were given menus and asked for our drinks.The decor is very nice and simple, beautiful tables and SWIVEL chairs!!! That's probably because after you're done eating, you just wanna turn to you're side and get up. While waiting for our waiter, we were offered a variety of things to munch on.1. Parmesean bread sticks- great crisp texture and nice cheesy taste.2. Some kind of deep fried cheese ball- Also tasted good but we let them sit for a while so they were a little cold.We got our water glasses filled and were offered the wine list. We picked out a 2000 Bordeaux and proceeded to order our meal.We decided on 2 appetizers and two sides. The appetizers were:Kobe Steak Sashimi- WOW, this was GREAT. Possibly the most tender and flavorful piece of beef i have EVER eaten. The Radish adds a great texture and went very well with the spicy saucy stuff at the bottom.Big Eye Tuna Tartare, Wasabi Aioli, Ginger, Togarashi Crisps, Tosa Soy- This was good, the Aioli was excellent and the Togarashi chips were wonderful. Overall a very successful appetizer.Once the appetizers were finished, the steaks came out. I go tthe bone in rib eye prepared rare. Also with my steak, I got the bone marrow!! I will tell you that it was one of the best cuts of meat I've ever eaten. It was cooked perfectly and had a great crust on it. The meat was very tender and well seasoned. The bone marrow on top was a wonderful addition to my steak. Eaten alone it was very fatty and rich, but eat it with a bite of the steak and it was heavenly. Also, went very well with the Bordeaux.Once the steaks were set down, our sides came out. We opted for:Creamed Spinach with Fried Organic Egg- BEST spinach I have EVER eaten in my LIFE. It was creamy with bits of egg white and egg yolk in it. They cook the egg over easy and break/mix the egg into the spinach table side! YUMMMMY!Soft Polenta with Parmesan- This was good but the spinach was so damn good, I didn't really pay much attention to it :D I just know it was good!Very nice place to eat if you like steak! I'll probably be back, maybe to the one in LA.
5	CUT is amazing! I would say it's great place for family or date. I was on a double date while there were couples and families sitting around through out the restaurant. The staff were very friendly and nice. Although our table were the loudest table and being in the center. They were able to laugh with us. Being served by 5-6 servers at the same time we felt like royalty. It was my friend's 21st birthday and the GM offered us limo rides to any clubs we wanted. Too bad we had prior engagements.
1	Do NOT eat here unless you want to eat "steak" that is beyond overcooked to the point of being a solid, black rock. Wolfgang Puck, you should be ashamed of yourself (or rather, your restaurant, as I know Wolfgang doesn't actually cook here himself). Sadly, I had high hopes for Wolfgang Puck's famous, upscale steak restaurant. My $80 American Wagyu Kobe Beef Ribeye came out charred and blackened to a crisp. I kid you not. That thing was seriously a black, solid rock. I could barely cut it with a knife, much less chew it. After I spoke to the waiter about it, even the manager agreed that it was unacceptable and mentioned that the chef was inexperienced. If I was the chef, I would have been far too embarrassed to plate, much less serve, that travesty of a "steak."I ate with 3 other people, and it turns out that *everyone* at our table had far overcooked steak. My boyfriend ordered Medium Rare, and it came out more like Medium Well. I ordered Medium-Medium Well, and it was far beyond Well Done.We also ordered the Bone Marrow Flan which was decent (but not excellent, as I usually love Bone Marrow - this tasted a bit too much like Japanese Egg Custard, which I can make myself at home) and the macaroni and cheese side ($21? it was good, but it tasted more like $2 mac and cheese). Our server suggested some good wine pairings, and I enjoyed my Merlot. I think the wine was the only thing I was satisfied with after my meal.Service was (for the most part) decent. The manager was nice and took care of the steaks for us. However, I would have been willing / would rather have paid good money to eat some good steak.However, I would highly advise you to spend your money elsewhere.Heck, even a TV dinner steak would have been better than this mess.Try going to Craftsteak or one of the other upscale steak establishments in Vegas instead - there are much better options for premium steak where you'll actually be able to chew what you order.
4	For my 30th birthday we decided to go to Las Vegas and wanted to eat at one of the strip's top restaurants.  After reading various reviews, we decided on CUT.  I would have to say that the decor and the food lived up to all the hype.  The decor is elegant, yet hip and the swivel chairs and mirrors everywhere give it a real fun vibe.We started with the pork belly and Louis Shrimp and Crab cocktail.  They were both light and delicate with intense flavors.  I then had the 10 oz American Waygu (kobe) Strip Steak and my wife had the 21 day aged Filet.  The meat lived up to all of our expectations.  We both had trouble finishing after eating the starters but could not waste the delicious meat.  I would have to recommend splurging for the Waygu steaks or even the Japanese Kobe.  At $80 a steak, the Waygu is definitely worth a little more after trying both.  Don't get me wrong the filet was great, but hard to compare after eating the Strip.The reason I can't give it a 5 is because we somehow managed to get the server that must have just got promoted from the "B" team.  We could tell the server to our right was top notch but our guy just lacked in so many ways.  He started off by taking our drink order and seriously not bringing it back for ten minutes (place was not slammed).  The table next to us was sat after us and had drinks and bread at least 5 minutes before us.  The sommelier  ended up having to go to the bar to get them for us.  It doesn't seem to hard to pour McCallan 15 yr in a glass but I digress.   Then our guy left the meat stand they put next to the table to show the different Cut's off at our table for 15 minutes until I had to ask someone to get it out of there.  We asked for recommendations and they were lame.  This website did a better job.  My wife asked what temp he recc'd her filet be cooked at and he said "Med".  Where are we?  And then he recommended steak sauces with these fine pieces of meat.  For the price of the bill, this guy should have been much, much better.  The food was amazing and we had a great night, but I will probably try a few other steakhouses in LV before I venture back.
5	GREAT STEAKS AND SERVICE.Order the Kobe Sampler. You get the Kobe, American Kobe, and dry aged beef. Japanese Kobe is the best though - so go for that if you just want to stick to the best. It's like buttery melt in your mouth great steak.As for service, when I dropped my fork, a waiter caught it before it hit the ground in one hand, and handed me a new shiny one in the other. They were ninja with the water too: my glass would be nearing empty, and when I turned to talk to someone, ninja waiter came and filled the cup before my head came back around.
4	My boyfriend brought me here on our first trip to Vegas. It was the best meal of the trip. The ambient was great. The service was very professional. I loved the fish I ordered. The waiter brought his tools and skinned right in front of me. It was like watching a show. The meat was so soft, fresh, and it just melt in my mouth. My boyfriend got a new york steak. I couldn't describe how tender it was. It was cooked absolutely to its perfect temperature. We ordered two side dishes with the steak. The spinach egg was too sweet and creamy. I didn't like it that much. The mushroom and onion was delicious, but not really wow me. Free chocolate dessert was given at the end of the meal so we skipped dessert. Their homemade chocolate truffle was terrific. Highly recommended to come try it out!
4	I am a huge fan of high end steakhouses and had to make sure I tried out CUT. I've heard a lot of positive reviews from friends about Wolfgang's steakhouse. This really hyped me up when I booked reservations for the location at the Venetian. The decor is very modern and feels really elegant. It sure is pricey here but it's known beforehand and Wolfgang's name is attached to this place. The bar area had a huge selection and the bartender helped us choose out wine. We actually got a free glass of the Moscato Dasti'(Also my new favorite dessert wine). It was a Monday so they place was pretty empty, but the service was excellent. They brought out 4 different kinds of bread. All we amazing and worth trying. I ordered the RIb Eye and my gf ordered the Filet Mignon. We also got the mashed potatoes and side of the Bone Marrow. The filet was really good and it just melted down my throat. The Mashed Potatoes were okay came out a bit cold had to tell them to heat it up a bit. The bone marrow which all my friends recommended me to try, was certainly something I have never ordered. It's like a piece of fat that feels like flan. If you like fat then you'll surely love the bone marrow. That texture was a bit off for me. I do recommend this to fans of high end steakhouses. Next up for me is Harris in SF, Peter Luger in NY, and BOA.
2	CUT did not cut it for me...the best thing we had was the Kobe Beef Sashimi.  We also ordered the Tuna Tar Tar (it was OK) and the warm asparagus, poached organic egg with a warm bacon vinaigrette (sounds tasty and full of flavor huh) not a chance...there was hardly any flavor there!  The crazy thing is that our waiter recommended that tasteless Asparagus dish!  I ordered the Bone In New York Sirloin...ok so I know it wasn't no Kobe Beef, but I thought, how bad could this be?  Again...no flavor, plus the wait was so long in between appetizers and entree that I kinda lost my appetite.  The sides we had did not blow me away at all - both the mash and creamed spinach with fried organic egg were so so...I make a WAY better mash...sad to say but I bought into the hype and maybe there was too much expectation there...don't think I'll be going back.
5	This was my second dinner at CUT, and the thought of going back gave me a gigantic mental erection.Went this time with two friends. I started with the Trace Manhattan cocktail, they had a beer and some kind of delicious pumpkin martini. For apps, we went with the tuna tartare, the glazed pork belly, and the bone marrow flan. Superb!I once again went with the 10 oz American Wagyu/Kobe ribeye steak, medium rare. Got a side of wild mushrooms and japanese shishito peppers, alongside the brussel sprouts. You can read my other review for more detail on the dishes; it was another incredibly delicious meal and I can't wait to go back. It is pricy, though, so make sure you're okay with spending big bucks on a great dinner. Worth every penny, but be warned.
5	This is my second visit to CUT Steakhouse, I had previously visited the Beverly Hills location. This time, it was the Las Vegas location (in the Palazzo) that was going to have to try and match my prior experience, and I have to say, they exceeded my expectations. My three friend who also were with my for our guys weekend in Vegas also thought this was the best steakhouse they have ever been to as well.Once again, the atmosphere is very modern for a steakhouse, but I like that, its nice for a change. The staff is tremendous, but this is no shock for a restaurant of this caliber. I can't comment on the sommelier because I selected are wine, but he did present it very professionally (did the whole little swirl in each glass pre-pour trick).... have to love excess. For appetizers, we orders some type of butter lettuce salad which was very good and a couple of the tuna tartare appetizers, and this is by far one of the best tartar's I have ever had. I essentially forced my table to order a couple of these because of how much I enjoyed it last time I had it (they also loved it). This  may not seem like enough for four men in Vegas, but that leads me to the bread. Our table easily consumed 5  Focaccia Loafs, 6 Pretzel Loafs, and 3lbs of butter....I don't think I need to say anymore on the quality of the bread. Everyone ordered NY Strip's, mine was from Nebraska, and once again, it is the best steak I have ever had (their seasoning/rub is out of this world). No dessert for us... we were too full.After my second visit I can comfortably say two things: 1) This is my FAVORITE STEAKHOUSE and 2) I hope to God they are going to build one in Chicago.
4	My husband and I splurged for a high end dining experience at Cut last night.  I had heard much about it and were looking forward to seeing if the hype lived up to the expectations.  Overall, food and wine were excellent but the price would probably keep us from going back soon.For appetizers, my husband chose the tuna tartare and I had the butter lettuce salad with avocado, bleu cheese and a herb champagne vinagrette.   After we ordered the waiter informed us these were two of the most popular and I can see why. Both were fantastic.  The waiter brought around 4 different types of fresh bread.  I had the onion focaccia which was excellent, and my husband the sourdough which was also good.For the main course, I had selected the 6 oz American Wagyyu filet mignon, and my husaband selected the Petite New york cut, both prepared medium rare.  My husband thought his was a bit overseasoned with pepper, but I thought his tasted good.  My steak was excellent, one of the best I have ever had.  But $75 for 6 oz is a lot of $$.  I think most people who probably eat here aren't necessarily concerned about prices. The steaks come with three types of mustard for dipping, two of which were excellent.  We also go the house steak sauce (by far the best of all the sauces) and a herb shallot red wine bordelaise that was tasty also.  All sauces are served on the side so that you can try a variety. Our sides were the Mac and Cheese and creamed spinach with organic egg.  Both were excellent.  The egg gave the creamed spinach a really nice texture, and the mac and cheese was a bit of a twist on an old staple.We were stuffed so didn't order dessert, although they gave us some small bites of lemon and chocolate bars which were just enough and tasted excellent.  Overall this was a great dinner, but we ended up spending over $400 on just the two of us, so it would be hard to justify going again.
1	Eaten here 3 times and I hate this place. Its like sitting in the conference room at work in cheap office chairs with "great ambiance" powered by light of FAKE candles. The steak is plopped onto over sized stark plates. The sides are good not great. The cooked spinach is large leaf not baby spinach which reminds me of canned spinach and the coffee sucks too. I can cook much better at home. The service is ok. I just like the Wynn Country Club much better for steak on the strip or Michaels in the Southpoint for off the strip.
2	A very sterile environment that lacked any pulse. It was a Friday night in Vegas and the place did not resemble such. If it wasn't for some convention type's....it would have been less than half full. The service was very good, but the wait staff were very robot like....no personality, but definitely knew their steaks and wine. Two of the three steaks our group ordered were over cooked...when properly cooked the steaks were excellent. The wine list had a ridiculous mark up. I don't mind paying for a nice meal/wine etc......but seeing silly markups on the wine really puts a damper on the overall perception of the restaurant. I prefer N9NE, Delmonico and Prime they do it right.
3	Many restaurants tout fusion sensibilities, but Puck's concept truly blends influences from his native Austria, France, Japan, America and elsewhere. Almost painfully serious about beef, servers here bring out a platter of raw kobe and wagyu cuts before you order, to show the differences in the meat. Your taste buds may not be as sensitive as your eyes, though: we actually preferred the 21 day wet-aged Illinois Prime bone-in rib eye to the American Wagyu/Angus New York Sirloin. Cut's ample offerings also include several 35 day dry aged Nebraska Prime as well as True Japanese Waygu (Kobe) choices (all are grilled over hard wood & charcoal then finished under the broiler). In fact, Cut's menu seems overly eager to please (or overwhelm) with an excess of options in starters (12 the night we visited), side dishes (13), desserts (7) and even sauces (8), though many were excellent, including the maple glazed pork belly, big eye tuna tartare "sandwiches" with wasabi aoli and bar menu's knishes and kobe sliders; and wasabi-yuzu butter and whole grain mustards were both remarkable. But the creamed spinach topped with fried egg was almost too rich and the potato tart tatin was mostly just big and bland. The deconstructed nectarine and plum crumble, served with a house-made "50 bean" vanilla ice cream was nice, but far too big a portion to end such a meal. A nice selection of original and classic cocktails, but their wine list is a bit pretentious and overpriced ($15 for a glass of Argentinian Malbec? Really? I'd pay that much for a magnum of it in the store)In short, CUT has one of my favorite lounges on the Strip (sexy, sleek, just dark enough, fitting for either romance or business rendevous), some fantastic appetizers, and a great cocktail menu. CUT has one of my least favorite dining rooms on the Strip (like an 80s office, stiff and steely), and good meat--but not quite as good as their orgiastic presentation lends you to expect. I didn't dislike it, but was not wowed as much as I have been at Craftsteak, Carnevino, and even BOA, all in the same price range. P.S. At these prices, you can afford to make the sauces complimentary.
5	++ I've never been one to order steak off a menu, but I WILL eat steak at Cut.Cut is much classier than the Palazzo outside, with its cold, refined ambiance of glassy black and dark grey-purple hues.  I walked through the casino area feeling like a conservative idiot wearing a mid-thigh number, but felt completely at-ease once in the restaurant.  What I love most about the place is that it's life-sized.  You don't feel like a commodified casino statistic.  The space is manageable, service personable, and atmosphere intimate.  Expect a booked night; make reservations!++ | Mini Pretzel Rolls |The most original of the selection of breads to choose from. Who's ever had a soft pretzel during fine dining before?++ | Bone Marrow Flan |A creamy but light egg-y flan that's absorbed a rich savory aroma of good red meat.  Taste it separately w/o the bread triangles & cilantro to truly appreciate its sweet flavor, $16++ | Bone In Rib Eye Steak |Perfect crust over a lovely tender middle.  Just get it.  I don't do it justice by describing it.  Perfect portion to share btwn 2, $56++ | Creamed Spinach with Fried Organic Egg |The egg over easy folded into your spinach adds soft texture to this classic american dish, $9Vegas is inflating my # of 5-star reviews:Dinner for 2 w/o wine = $140
2	When I first went to Cut awhile back I LOVED it, so I was so excited to return. My BF and I went w/o a resi and sat at the bar. The food was as delicious as I remembered but it took FOREVER. Over 45mins for our salad apps (no cooking required). Our drinks came pretty quickly so I don't think it was the servers/bartenders unless they forget to put in our orders... Then it took another 45mins to get our steaks - by the time they arrived we weren't so hungry any more. It was a really bummer, and the worst thing was the complete lack of apology or even acknowledgement of the delay. We were asked by a manager how everything was and I said that it was tasty but the wait had been much too long and he made a cursory apology. It was really frustrating. A $400 dinner for two needs to be a better experience - a lot better. Such a bummer :(
3	I really wanted to be a fan but I think the ambiance killed it. It was too freakin' dark. What annoys me the most about fine dining is when I can't see the food I'm eating. Anyways, my husband ordered the Ribeye which was on par with Gallagher's at NYNY and my Braised Short ribs was flavorful with Indian spices. We ordered other food but it wasn't spectacular. Good but not palate changing. Did it look good? I think so but again, IT WAS DARK! Would I come back? No, but I would try the Beverly Hills outpost. CUT in Las Vegas was a dud.
5	Be prepared it's the best Steak I have ever had ! We were treated Like Royalty from the second we walked in Vegas is a real dry climate and I was parched and the waiter was on point with the water my glass never got empty , the breads were real good then the butter lettuce salad was awesome ,the steaks were SO tender and we just went with the USDA Steaks about as low of a cut you can get but still amazing ,good sides as well as wines ,I will eat here every time I'm in Vegas
5	CUT really surprised me. I don't know what I expected going in, but I guess I'm used to Wolfgang Puck, his manic Euro-accent and his overpriced airport pizzas and didn't expect such a modern and impressively delicious restaurant. The decor is very hip but not uncomfortably so -- I didn't walk in and immediately start second-guessing my own wardrobe and sense of cool. It's also tucked away from the casino so you feel like you're in an actual restaurant vs. hearing the ching-ching-bloo-ba-doo-blee-bloo of slot machines in the distance. We got seated and waited five minutes at the most for the waiter to come by and greet us/take our order. Not a big deal -- he even acknowledged us right away and said he'd be right with us. We didn't think anything of it, but apparently the staff felt it was a big deal because they offered to comp us two glasses of wine and our dessert at the end of the meal for the "inconvenience." I was blown away by the hospitality. But enough about the service, let's get to the food, damnit! I had a kobe beef carpaccio appetizer that was absolutely delicious -- it had great Asian flavors and was mouth-meltingly delectable. The steaks were also fantastic -- they recommend ordering one under what you're accustomed to (I eat medium rare so I ordered a rare) because the steak temperatures can rise due to their cooking methods. My steak turned out perfect. The waiter recommended a pairing sauce but the meat was so good that it didn't need it. For sides we went with the creamed spinach (best I've had at a restaurant) and macaroni and cheese (so good). I can't exactly remember the dessert but it was also pretty good. All in all, while CUT is one of the more expensive restaurants I've eaten at, the food quality and service make the cost completely justified. One of the best high-end steak restaurants I've had the pleasure of eating at.
5	went there again with my girlfriend. this time it was a perfect experience. we ordered the american wagyu porterhouse together. the porterhouse was a bill a person. a steep price, but so worth it. the serving size for the porterhouse was actually more than we could handle. service was great and they didnt drop anything on me this time! it gets 5 stars now.
2	Client dinner a few nights back and I waited to post as I had a tough time justifying the price paid to the food. Yes, it's Vegas and yes its a Puck Restaurant however, I left dinner feeling unsatisfied. Right from the bar and the pre dinner drink through the end of the meal I felt that I was hanging on the edge of something great but it never pushed over the top. The highlight of the Big Eye Tuna Tartare was the Togarashi Crisps. The Blue Crab & Louisiana Shrimp "Louis" Cocktail, Spicy Tomato-Horseradish was A. not spicy and B. had a Hellmann's Mayo flavor that took over. The Steaks were perfectly cooked but was my biggest disappointment. I went with the The USDA Prime Nebraska corn fed Ribeye and sampled the American Wagyu which my colleagues had ordered. My Ribeye just lacked flavor, plain and simple. On the side we shared the Potato Tarte Tatin, Broccolini & Cavatappi Pasta, "Mac & Cheese", Quebec Cheddar. None was anything special, nor should have they been as the show here needed to be the Steak. The restaurant was well appointed and definitely offered a modern look to the classic steakhouse. I was and still am left without that satisfaction one gets after a great Steak dinner. I will be filling that void soon
3	I went to CUT w/ some friends.  The portion is great (considering the $ I am paying =)  ).  I love their bread sticks.  I was kind of disappointed because the steak was a bit blackened and overcooked.  Taste was okay.  For the price given, the food was more on the average, there were many staff compared to the # of guests, which is good.  I am not sure if it's me or what, it seemed to me the staff's services were a bit "fake" and not too friendly.Maybe people like the lighting?  but to me it was a bit too dark.  You can barely see the food.  I might try it a gain if given the chance.
5	Wow.  High five to Wolfgang Puck for an exceptional dining experience - delicious food with professional & attentive service.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/J4CATH00YZrq8Bne2S4_cw?select=G2-vNaQFSCP9bN7z-xJVUQWhile waiting, we enjoyed various samples of bread - my favorite was the Bavarian pretzel.  Slightly salty, sweet, and an incredibly soft texture - divine.  Prior to ordering, I loved that the waiter rolled out several variations of the raw cut beef to demonstrate the difference in Kobe Wagyu & American style Wagyu (mixed with Angus to give it a meatier texture).  My entree was the Petit Filet Mignon (USDA Illinois) served with the Argentinian chimichirri sauce, a light and springy taste with shallots, garlic, and cilantro.  Perfectly cooked at medium and absolutely delicious.  Refrain from biting the screen:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/J4CATH00YZrq8Bne2S4_cw?select=YXCIjyzzVH7Cb9vr-cifGg The fiance also loved his American wagyu rib-eye with kosho butter sauce.  While part of the meat was slightly tough, the thicker end of the rib-eye melted in my mouth.  It's not necessary to order an additional sauce with your meat, since they also bring out three condiments for you to use anyhow.  I do recommend sharing the sides family style with a group - at about $12/side, you get a significant amount of delicious fare.  Our group of four split three sides: the delicious creamy Mac & Cheese with Quebec cheddar, the sauteed wild field mushrooms, and the butternut squash.  All were incredibly savory!  The best and most amusing part of the dinner was that we had three waiters (one per side dish) hovering next to us individually to explain what the dish was and proceeded to scoop it onto our plate before shuffling to the next person - it felt like culinary musical chairs.  If fighting over equal portions of a dish is an issue, this eliminates that problem...Ambiance is very modern and sleek.  It is pretty dim, but it wasn't too bothersome for us.  Similar to the sauce, ordering dessert isn't necessary since they brought out a plate with decadent filled chocolates.  An exquisite way to end a satisfying and indulgent meal.
5	Steaks are amazing! you HAVE to get the Wagyu or the Japanese Kobe. My BF and I had the Porterhouse Wagyu Medium with sides the sauteed spinach and the mac & cheese. For appetizers, they came out with a whole bunch of items the Executive Sous Chef is an amazing man! Thank you Chef! Can't remember everything he came out with, but they were all good.The chocolate souffle is not any other i've had! It was super soft and yummy! I know the staff at Cut makes it a point to entertain during service, and their presentation style is superb! you need to go there and try it! Remember to make reservations because it definitely unpredictable on when they'll get busy. Otherwise, the bar and lounge areas are awesome places to dine as well!
4	Awesome experience, gone there twice and ordered the same bone in ribeye 20 oz. Pittsburgh style cooking.  must order the pork short rib appetizer and the crispy skinned mashed potatoes.  On the high priced steakhouse but definitely worth it when celebrating something.  Will visit again.
5	ordered everything on the menu. the steaks were all seriously good, up (Japanese Wangyu) and down (Double R) the menu. the cuts from the lower end of the price range, were surprisingly really really awesome! the sides were all good except morel mushrooms were too salty (wild mushroom was fine though). memorable evening for a group of big time foodies~
5	I have to start off this review by saying that my fiance and I were in complete euphoria during and after dinner here.  This place is pretty damn sleek. We were helped by three servers.  Our main server took our order and educated us on the different kinds of meat.  Another server dished out little nibbleys throughout the meal.  And then the third server brought our meals out and even dished out our sides onto our plates.  Nothing but the best when it comes to service.  It would only make sense since you are dropping bucco bucks.  Now onto the MEAT.  The main waiter makes a presentation on the different cuts of meat as well as describes the texture of said meats.  I ordered the 14oz Nebraska corn fed NY strip steak.  I made it to order this piece in particular because my fiance is a Nebraska boy.  As for him, he ordered the 10oz American Wagyu.  And to company our steaks we ordered yukon gold potato puree.  The steaks were unbelievable to the point where we pretty much forgot about the potato puree.  It was that serious!  If you are looking for impeccable service and food, CUT is your place.
5	the steaks and the service are great here, also the dessert..you can't go wrong eatting here, just make sure to bring your credit card
5	Wow!! This would be my last meal if I had a choice before I died. We went to Vegas this weekend and after Rehab we all put 100.00 down on black and won so decided to celebrate here. The server brought out some pretzel bread and foccachia which were both awesome. We started with Kobe Shashimi and the Bibb Lettuce Wedge. The Kobe was hands down the best thing I have ever eaten. It was soft and silky and the micro salad on top of it went perfect. The Bibb was good too but no one really cared for it because the kobe was that awesome. We all got the 20oz prime bone in ribeye, some mac and cheese, potato tartin, and garlicky spinach. The mac and cheese and potato were awesome but the spinach was just ok. The steak was cooked perfect and we even had the bone marrow put on top which made everything melt in your mouth. The service was awesome and our tab was 325.00 for 3 people with no alcohol. I highly recommend this place!
4	Wolfy, ya still got it! I've been to several of his restaurants from Chinois to Spago, and this is my favorite. Chinois being a close second. Great steaks, sleek decor, good service. The best meal I've had in Sin City.
5	Our final dinner in Las Vegas was at CUT at the Palazzo. We were shown to a large booth even though there were just two of us. Service was very attentive. The pretzel bread and foccaccia were marvelous! We skipped appetizers since we wanted to concentrate on the beef. My sister and I shared the American kobe-style rib eye and the Japanese wagyu rib eye that the kitchen split for us. We paired the beef with sauteed onions (great), sauteed spinach (also great) and the fries (very good). I preferred the Japanese rib eye, and my sister preferred the American rib eye. This was a great way to taste two different yet similar cuts of beef. The crust added a nice texture and great flavor to the beef. Even though I didn't need dessert, I chose the coffee semi freddo and donuts that were wonderful. Definitely plan to return to CUT on my next visit to LV.
2	Group of 4 went for a bachelor party planning on eating a cow or 2.  Left very disappointed.We ordered thw Wagyu filet, Wagyu NY, and 2 bone-in NY strips.  Good quality meats cooked well but WTH was up with all the salt?  I usually eat way too salty and spicy but it was painful.  We had to scrape off the salt and pepper just to get through the first few bites.  I wanted to rinse it in water and eat it with a bowl of rice!  4 Koreans who eat every meal spicy, salty, and any variety of pain couldn't handle it.When we told the waiter he began with the defensive routine and gave us a look like we didn't know what we were talking about.  The manager did send out 2 replacement steaks which were completely unseasoned and rare.  At least they were free.  Sides were above average but at "entre prices" you would expect some wow factor.
2	I went to Cut 2 weeks ago and had a really nice meal... but they f'ed up my steak.  You'd think that a place like this could cook a steak rare+ with their eyes closed, instead they turned my wagyu into leather.  I sent the steak back and they didn't bring another out for like a hal-hour at which point the rest of my dinner party was finished; I sent that one back too.  The manager was nice enough to take care of the sides and remove my steak from the bill but after all said, I was disappointed.   Big letdown.
4	The service and food were amazing here.  They even serve the sides for you, although I did feel that was a bit too much.  A previous reviewer mentioned how the servers seemed modelesque, but I didn't get that at all.  There were servers of all shapes and sizes when I went.My boyfriend had their sampler thing, which had 3 different cuts of meat.  He felt that the Wagyu ruined "steak" for him for the rest of his life because it was just so delicious and tender - he would never be able to eat regular steak again.I had the 10 oz ribeye American Kobe and loved it.  It was seasoned and cooked perfectly.  Although I really wanted the Wagyu ribeye, I just couldn't bring myself to fork over $180 for a cut of meat.  Maybe next time.  They also brought us out a bunch of sauces on the house, so you really don't need to order any sauces on the side at all.The sides, although good, I felt they were lacking.  We got 2 sides: pureed potatoes and mushroom.  The potatoes were average and the mushrooms I felt were a tad overly seasoned.  At first bite, they were delicious but after that, you just can't eat another bite cuz the salt just seems to overwhelm.  I would've preferred a simpler mushroom dish.  They could also spare to serve up larger sides, seeing that they start at ~$20 each.Overall, the experience was great.  The dining room was dimly lit and quite romantic - very chic, very modern.  At the end of our meal, the server brought us some complimentary desserts too.  Best perk of this restaurant - they serve pretzel bread!
4	The hottie and I have been meaning to try CUT for awhile.  We finally went on our last trip to Vegas.  Based upon the reviews we started with the bone marrow flan.  It was simply one of the best dishes I've ever had anywhere.  Then, we decided to get the porterhouse steak for two.  Caveat.... the waiter told us that we are supposed to order the steak one notch rarer than we normally would like it because they let the steak sit for 10 minutes after its done so it will cook a bit more.  Since the hottie and I are both medium rare people, we ordered the porterhouse rare.  It looked and smelled amazing when the steak finally came to the table!  Truthfully, I thought the steak was kinda in between rare and medium rare.  But the filet mignon portion may have been the best filet mignon I've had.  So tender, so juicy, with a flavorful crisp on the outside.  YUM!  The New York portion was also very good although a bit too rare for me.  We also ordered three sides... creamed spinach, tempura onion rings, yukon potato puree.  I thought they were all ok but nothing to write home about.  All in all, a top notch meal.
5	Probably my favorite steak house ever.I have been to Cut three times and all three times have had excellent service and a phenomenal meal.Steaks: I've had the American Wagyu 8 oz Filet Mignon twice and my mouth waters every time I think about it. Easily the best steak I've ever had. I've also tried the True Japanese Wagyu. I loved this steak and thought it was amazing, but I didn't think it was better enough to justify the much higher price tag over the American Wagyu. The Japanese version is about two times the price over the American.So first time visitors I'd recommend trying any of the American Wagyu versions to give yourself a new perspective on how good steak can be.
5	Sorry Matt C.  Cut is where they have the BEST steak.Came here for dinner with 12 other dudes for Allen N.'s bachelor party.  They seated us within five minutes (I think it's because we made reservations) in a room to the left of the entrance.  In this room was two other tables.  But just because we were in a room, does NOT mean we were neglected - far from it!  The wait staff was very attentive and friendly!  Every time I left the table, I came back to a folded napkin!  Plus, my glass of water was never more than half empty (or half full, whichever way you want to look at it!).  The Wagyu Ribeye (10 oz, $80) was absolutely delicious!  I added bone marrow (+$9) to it, and that was just as good!  They definitely did not skimp on it!  My buddy ordered the "sampler" NY Sirloin plate ($145) with three different pieces (Kobe, Wagyu, and Prime), and he said the Kobe melted in his mouth!  Pause.  This place is pricey....but well worth it!!!!!  Can't wait for the next time I'm in Vegas to eat here again!!!!
4	I've been here twice.  The second time was just ok but overall they have really good affordable american kobe.  I might try other places the next time i'm out there but this is not a bad place if you like a big piece of meat!
3	I wanted to give this place a 1 star but since I didn't order steak I figured I wasn't getting the true experience. The place is decently set up, nice decor and ok atmosphere (the chairs at the tables are an atrocity in groups larger then 4 people, they don't scoot back, only swivel side to side).  The worst part has to be the service. It was very slow to start. My friends have been to CUT in L.A. and they were surprised how lackluster the service was in comparison. The servers tend to like to shove themselves in between you and the people next to you, typically surprising you and brushing up against you.  It was not acceptable. It made the meal continuously awkward.  I got the sashimi tuna steak and was suprised to get roughly 3-4 slices of sashimi (about the size of a medium sushi piece). The outside was mostly seasoned with salt and the whole thing lacked any real flavor besides that.  I understand the place is going to be pricey but I couldn't help thinking that I could have gone to an excellent sushi place and got great sashimi for half the price. So I guess take my opinion with a grain of salt since I'm the guy who orders fish at a steak restaurant and is supervised when it's not too great.
4	Not as good as my previous visit, but still good.Came here with three buddies this past Saturday and we ended up getting seats in the lounge area.  While I prefer the dining room, there wasn't much choice in the matter, since they were booked solid until 10pm.  The lounge was nice, but the seats could use A LOT of improvement.  My back and legs ached before we even received our entrees.  Even a couple cocktails didn't numb the discomfort.Comfort aside, the food and service were on the mark.  We ordered five appetizers:1.  Fava bean salad - my wife didn't like it when she went last time, but this time one of my buddies actually enjoyed it.  Go figure.  But seriously, why pay $15 for a bean salad?!?2.  Big Eye Carpaccio - not bad, but it felt like such a waste of good tuna to be fixed up.  I would have preferred it sashimi style, but that's just me.  3.  Maple Glazed Pork Belly - just as yummy as it was the last time.  And I again wish I had just ordered 4 of these for my entree.  I would compare this to sweet, salty baconny goodness.  4.  Kobe Sashimi - everyone on the table loved this we did two orders.  Call me a purist, but I really would have liked less...flavor.  Like the big eye, there were just too many flavors going on around such a great central ingredient.  The sauce muted the beefy goodness.  On the plus side, this was butter tender and really tasty.  We each had different cuts of meat, and everyone was happy with what they had.  If I remember correctly, my friends ordered a filet, New York Strip and Illinois Rib Eye.  I had the Nebraska Rib Eye.  All steaks were ordered medium rare and all were perfectly cooked.  My buddy who had the Illinois (bone in) Rib Eye and I swapped pieces and we both agreed the Nebraska was far and away superior in flavor and tenderness.  For sides, we only had the creamed spinach and pureed potatoes.  The egg on the spinach could have been cut up better because the pieces were pretty huge (picking nits on that one, eh).  The potatoes were really nothing special and were seriously lacking in flavor; maybe they just need to add some bacon to that thing.I did order a bottle of Kaesler Avignon Syrah, which went waaaaay to fast.  It felt like our server just wanted to empty the bottle out as quickly as possible.  Maybe I'm just a pretentious wine snob, but I like to let the wine in my glass open up before pouring more.  Is that too much to ask?  Despite this perceived flaw in service, everyone was attentive, friendly and quick (maybe too quick?).  Actually, looking back on my previous review, I should have given CUT 5 stars for that visit because this time round it was a step down.
5	I thought this place had a "clean" sort of a WOW factor. 4.5 stars. I am a girl who loves her red meat on occasion and the choices here, threw me for a loop, I didn't know which meat to turn to, it was exhilarating. Loved the sustainable concept (where possible, we're talkin about cow here) Meat was AMAZING! Bone in filet, OMG. I have eaten at all the name brand steak places and CUT is light years ahead of those places. The spinach we had was a lil cold, had to mention it... Service was impeccable. Decor was very "cool," some people insist on that rich American woods heavy drapes etc. for steakhouses and this was the opposite. Banana chocolate pie dessert was one of the best desserts I have ever had, truly! Must visit!
5	I visited Cut - Las Vegas on Sunday, 6/13. I have had dinner at a few of Wolfgang Puck's restaurants before but so far, this restaurant is the best one. I ordered filet mignon. Honestly, this is one of the best filet mignon steaks that I had in my life. Dessert was also great. I had a banana cream pie. I truly enjoyed it. If I have a chance to visit Vegas in the future,certainly, this restaurant will be my first stop.
5	Had dinner here w/ a few of my buddies.Ordered the Wagyu Rib Eye.  I've been to a few high end steak houses(Maestro, Mortons, Flemings, Ruth Chris, Delmonico) and the cut I had is by far the most unique flavor I've ever tasted.  The outside had the perfect charred crisp, and the inside was perfection.  The texture was so different from other Rib Eye's I've tasted.  The inside had the consistency and texture of Sushi.  It was delicate and chewy, and would melt in your mouth.This might be strange the way I'm reviewing the steak here, but its the only way I can describe it.  Its the best steak, in terms of texture, that I've ever had.  The sides were OK, but nothing to wow about.  I'd recommend saving $$$ by not ordering sides, and just order a larger sized cut.  Had a nice bold Cab to go along w/ the steak which only enhanced the experience even further.The service was what you'd expect from a high end establishment.  Didn't have any problems, and the timing of the entree's were on the dot.  The decor is more contemporary and sleek, which isn't what you'd expect.  It was very nice inside, but didn't really match the food that they were serving.  Can't really explain it, just go and check it out yourself.Overall, I'd come back again.  Well worth the $.
4	Good steaks and atmosphere overall.
5	This seems to be one Wolfgang restaurant that isn't suffering from the Celebrity Chef Syndrome. You know... that ailment that seems to affect many restaurants on the Strip. The one where a celebrity chef opens an outpost in Sin City only to neglect it and have the quality of the product suffer as a result. As an example see Spago and Postrio or other celeb restaurants like Mesa Grill. Cut bucks the trend successfully by offering some amazing steaks and fabulous accompaniments.While I didn't think the cheese ball amuse bouche was anything special, the bread selection was very good. Particularly good were the pretzel bread and focaccia. The fresh burrata (with prosciutto, raisin-rhubarb compote, and arugula) wasn't something that was very memorable. The cold, stringy consistency of the cheese wasn't appetizing and the subtle flavor made the dish forgettable. The maple glazed pork belly, however, was an unbelievable mix of sweet and savory flavors. It could have benefitted from a little more pork fat to add to the texture and taste, but overall it was one of the best pork dishes i've had in a while.For our entrees we had an 8 oz. petit cut filet and the 16 oz Nebraska corn fed rib eye. We ordered some wild field mushrooms with the filet and got a side of fingerling potatoes to share. We ordered both medium rare but the filet came out closer to medium. They were both beautifully charred, providing a flavorful crust to the steaks while keeping the centers juicy and tender. Service was solid, although our waiter did disappear for a few stretches. However, the guy refilling our water was always around. It seemed like after every sip of water he was there to fill it back up to the top.The decor is hip, trendy, and modern. Quite a contrast to most other steak houses in Las Vegas. The music was more safe and mainstream, as they played a lot of U2, the Beatles, Rolling Stones, and Cold Play.They give locals a 20% discount off of food, so if you are Nevada resident make sure you ask about it when you order.4.5 Stars
5	Modern setting.  Nice classic rock soundtrack.  Professional staff.  Excellent steaks.  Try the Baked Alaska for dessert.  I like this place over other steakhouses on the Strip.  Would like to visit again.
1	Go to the one in BH and avoid LV.The worse service ever!  Came in at 9 pm on a Saturday and seated ourselves in the bar area after being greeted by the hostess.  Received waters in a few minutes and a menu.  Waited another 10 minutes to see a guy walking around with a tray of bread to only have him offer it to the table to our left and then the table to our right.  He did make eye contact as he passed us but did not offer anything.  Another 3 minutes passed and another waiter dropped off a few Parmesan bread sticks out of nowhere at our table.  Another few minutes and nobody to take our drink order or food order so we left.  Passing the hostess as we stepped out she did ask what was wrong.  We told her we were tired of waiting so long to even order.  Mind you the restaurant only had about 10-12 people dining so no excuse that they were just too busy.  Walked around the corner to Del Monico's for a much better experience.  The indication that the restaurant was empty on a Saturday night on a holiday weekend should have been a big giveaway hint.  And, the "American" kobe???  Is that like a piece of Kobe Bryant's ass?
5	I had the most amazing fillet of my life! Yes, it was that good! the service is the best, the staff is well training, my server was able to describe and explain the cuts and differences between them.  She was great! We order a bottle of wine and I didn't like it, so the sommelier took it back and got us something that we liked better, and we did! We ended ordering two bottles.My fillet was juicy, perfectly cooked and seasoned. I also ordered the pommes puree, which were silky smooth, with bordelaise sauce. I didn't care for this sauce. They use port wine instead of a dry red wine to deglace, not a fan, I don't like sweet sauces on my steak, but I can see how that would work since they do put a heavy pepper rub on the steak, but, I am still a classic bordelaise sauce girl. Non the less, it was perfect! My boyfriend had the rib-eye dry aged 31 days...OMG! talk about perfection, this was it! He ordered it with caramelized onion, they were very sweet and roasted to perfection.For dessert: Chocolate souffle with choco sauce and gianduja chocolate gelato and it was heavenly....We had a wonderful experience, the food was perfectly cooked and seasoned. I would recommend this place and any other Wolfgang establishments.
5	This place is what happens when God makes a steak house!!!  Seriously, It's restaurants like these that keep me from turning vegetarian.  I went here as part of my boys bachelor party.  Let me start with the dinning environment:  Very clean with a slight industrial feel.  The swivel chairs were a very nice change from the clunky wooden chairs you see in most places.  It also helps to get my fat ass in and out of the table a lot easier.  Trust me.... after this meal.. you kinda wanna roll back to your room for a cigarette.Appetizers:  Bone Marrow Flan, Kobe Sashimi, and Maple Glazed Pork Belly.  ALL ON POINT~!!!  The bone marrow flan was so rich and buttery.  It literally makes your eyes roll back as you take a bite of it off the small crestini.  The Kobe sashimi was fresh and light.  The beef was velvety dressed with only a little olive oil and capers.  This is a must try.  And then came the maple glazed pork belly.  Sweet.... savory... rich... flavorful.... wow....Sides:  Creamed Spinach and roasted potatoes.   Let me preface by saying... I am not a fan of creamed spinach in any variation.  So to me, this dish was bound for failure.  The spinach was topped with a fried egg that was mixed in table-side and served to us.  The rest of my table loved it.  I was not a big fan.  No slight to the chef... just personal preference.  It was good, but not my cup of tea.  The potatoes however were great!  Roasted simply with some onions and garlic.  Sometimes good technique and simplicity just win out.  And this side was a prime example of that.Main: American Wagyu New York SteakIf you go to a restaurant like this, you dont order the chicken.  You shell out the money and get the best that they offer.  The American wagyu choices were organic beef from Idaho, I believe.  The moment my knife touched the soft medium rare beef, I was sure that my knife and fork were the luckiest utensils in the world.  They were the first to make love to that meat.  I have never in my life tasted beef of this magnitude.  The flavor was so unique and undoubtedly unforgettable.  The beef melted in my mouth as I could not believe something that was only rubbed in salt and pepper, had this much flavor.  Like I said before, If you come here.  Go for the American Wagyu.  Pricey?  yes.  Absolutely worth it?  Hell F***ING YES~!!!Wine:  Malbec.Ran the decision by the sommelier and she said that was a great choice.  Great wine with the meal.  Soft flavors, smooth finish, not too much bite.  The wine was a hit with the table.  But at this point.... everything was a hit from this place.  Congrats Alex!  Hope you enjoyed your last meal~!!!
5	Had dinner here on Saturday night and have to say that CUT has made its way to the #1 spot on my "Vegas Steakhouse" list. The service was exceptional. We had two servers that catered to us completely. It was almost as if they were standing table-side the entire meal, but they weren't. They were just *that* good. Speaking of *that* good - the food was more than exceptional. It was downright stupid. Porterhouse for two, Kobe filet and bone-in NY strip made their way to our table. As did tuna tartare, asparagus with a poached egg and warm bacon vinaigrette on toasted brioche along with herbed french fries, mac and cheese, caramelized sweet corn and creamed spinach. Think we were full by the end of the meal? This was absolutely worth every single calorie.   The desserts looked fabulous, but we just couldn't do it.  Loved the ambiance, the lighting and even the swivel chairs. CUT, I can't wait to see you again. xoxo.
4	I love a good hunk of beef.  I love me the Wolfgang Puck.Wow...this place is very chic and modern.  The ambience was nice - it was an open area.  The bar seating is quite expansive.  The entire front of the restaurant with lots of seating.  We had a 7 p.m. reservation and no wait at all.  Seated immediately.The best thing about this place was the awesome wait staff.  We had some great waiters who really were professional waiters.  They pulled out my chair (which ooops I missed ladies, never sit facing the door) and of course they were very knowledgable about the menu.Ok, the wait staff was awesome, but so was the food.  We ordered the proscuitto with figs and some kind of fresh cheese.  The cheese was to DIE for.  Fresh figs in season - to DIE.I also had a glass of a lovely pinot which they brought out in its own caraffe to pour into my glass.  Very classy.  I got some 6 oz Wagyu monstrosity and had point reyes blue cheese and onions on top.  The waiters brought out the meat to look at.  It was delicious.  I think $135 for my steak?  Something like that.  But man was it worth it.  Especially with the carmelized onions and blue cheese.The only negative I would say is the music.  They were playing Tom Petty and some other stuff that just didn't seem to go with what I would picture as an upscale restaurant.  It was a little off...I wish we had room for dessert.  We didn't.  It was also our last night of the trip, so we were soooo full and sunburnt.  I really loved this place, but would have loved it more if I didn't have a steak the night before.
4	I really wanted to love this place, but really I would give this place a 3 for the food and a 5 for service, so that makes 4, right? We grabbed a drink at the bar before going to our table, and I could tell right away I wasn't feeling too great because I barely touched my glass of wine.Anyways, our server was truly amazing...he knew exactly what he was doing! They take the time to educate you on all the different cuts of meat before you order and even bring you out a meat cart to see before ordering. I highly recommend the pretzel bread!  I ordered a filet mignon and I'm sad to say I barely touched it...I just wasn't feeling great! As for sides we had creamed spinach and polenta. The polenta was good, but the creamed spinach was way too salty for my liking! My husband enjoyed his steak and was just bummed about me not feeling good! I can honestly say I wish I could have felt a bit better for this meal, but that just wasn't the case. I do remember this being a pretty expensive meal though! I would like to give Cut a second try on our next trip to Vegas. I really feel like this review is incomplete because I wasn't feeling well! I'm sure if you visit Cut you will will be pleasantly surprised with the service and hopefully you will have the opportunity to enjoy your meal a bit more that I did!
4	Date/Time: Monday - 6:30pmOccasion: DinnerParty of: Eight  Ordered: Blue crab shrimp louie cocktail appetizer, Nebraska 16oz Ribeye aged 35 days topped with bone marrow, Creamed spinach sideLocation:  Fancy unique looking decor.  Chairs could be nicer...similar to office chairs.  Other than that, love the look!Total incl gratuity: ~$125 per personI waited a long time to finally try this place!  They start you with these parmesan bread sticks that are to die for...our party was literally fighting over them. haha.  They also have a nice little bread selection, one of which is a pretzel bread, which was very good.  The blue crab salad came highly recommended from a friend.  Great choice.  It was fresh and the ingredients came together for a very good start...crab, shrimp, louie dressing, tomatoes, avocado...just nice chilled yummy seafood goodness.  Upon reading reviews from fellow yelpers, I decided to go with the Nebraska ribeye topped with bone marrow.  It was considerably more flavorful than the Illinois fed ribeye.  I thought the meat was prepared well though not sure if it justifies a near $80 price tag.  I tried the Illinois fed ribeye...not bad, seemingly a little tougher than my Nebraska.  All of the sides our table shared were amazing.  Had a small portion of the mac n cheese.  It was a scoop of yummy cheesy heaven.  The creamed spinach was topped with a fried egg, which is what really caught my attention.  Very good...would order it again!  The service was very professional, very nice.  They kept us replenished and happy with the drinks and bread.  My friend packed up her steak to go and the waitress even threw in a couple extra pieces of the pretzel bread for her to go (good hangover food for the next morning).  I was pleased with my experience at CUT and kept thoroughly full through the rest of my trip in LV.  There are a lot of choices when it comes to meat in Vegas so I don't know that I'll make my way back here soon but it was a very memorable enough meal!
1	A Waste of Good Steak!Ordered: Australian Wagyu ribeye (~$135 for 8 ounces), US Prime Wagyu ribeye (~$80 for 10 ounces), Kobe steak sashimiI was on the hunt for the best steak in Las Vegas with no price limit and picked CUT based on some research (other places we considered were craftsteak and delmonico).  The basic beef at the restaurant is absolutely top class, but the preparation totally overpowers the natural flavors of the meat.  This a steakhouse that combines top quality meat with very mediocre cooking to produce mediocre tasting fine steak.  i.e. a total waste of fine ingredients.CUT uses the same intense 5 spice rub for all its steaks.  This marinade is delicious and does a great job on adding flavor to a nice cut of steak you'd pick up at Safeway or Whole Foods.  But when you are ordering a $135 cut of marbled and hand fed wagyu beef that or corn-fed prime Nebraska beef this is NOT the right way to prepare fine meat....we could barely taste the beef underneath the intense spices so but for the texture it might as well have been a $25 cut of sirloin from the corner store.  Unfortunately this overcooked style is common to most Wolfgang Puck restaurants.  As another example, the Kobe steak sashimi was prepared with a lovely soy vinagrette but then doused with so much of the sauce and with added salt so that  it was basically impossible to actually taste the steak underneath the small pond of sauce in the plate.After having dined at many fine steakhouses around the world we were looking forward to a great meal with some great local and imported cuts of steak, but instead paid almost $200 a person for a mouthful of spices smothering some otherwise  fine meat.  What a shame!On a positive note, the service was very good and the decor and ambience of the restaurant are top notch.
5	We were celebrating our first year anniversary. My husband and I stayed at the Palazzo and decided that the highlight of our trip would be to eat at the Cut. They did not disappoint! On the phone they took our info and asked if we were celebrating anything special. SO we had the best seat in the restaurant. Special round booth facing the crowd. We were in our special area which made it extra nice. THe ambiance and decor was modern- hip. They were playing tribe called quest... its like they knew we were there. lol.. anyway... our attendees always checked on us, refilled our water, replenished our bread and butter ( I chose the pretzel bread- yummy!). Service was great! Being on a budget we skipped out on the starters and went for cocktails instead. We got 2 Moscow mules which was impressive and served in copper cans. My husband got the 20 oz bone in rib eye aged 21 days- medium rareI got the 16 oz rib eye Nebraska corn fed 35 days- medium wellOur sides were creamed spinach with egg on top, yukon gold mashed potatoes, and mac and cheese with a fancy name I cant recall right now. All were amazing. We also ordered the house steak sauce for $2. It went very well with the steak but didnt use it too much because honestly it was seasoned to perfection already. There was a big difference between the 21 and 35 days. The 35 days was obviously more tender but my husband still enjoyed his bone in. At the end, we got a complimentary desert strawberry shortcake served on a dish that had "happy anniversary" written on it. WHAA WHA WHA. It was nice!Overall, had a great experience, great staff and service!!!
5	it was impossible to make any reservations in la so i decided to dine in vegas instead...j/k...it will be difficult to eat other steaks (had delmonico two nights later)for starters, we had kobe steak sashimi & big eye tuna tartare...both are highly recommanded...on the side, we had creamed spinach with fried organic egg and caramelized summer sweet white corn...the five of us all had american wagyu rib eye four of us ordered medium rare but i had mine rare...(since one of our friend wasn't feeling well, so he went back to the room to get some rest and of course, his steak ended up in our stomachs)now we have to try cut beverly hills next time...
4	After reading the reviews I had very high expectations.....I  was not disappointed. My partner and I dined at CUT this past weekend. We got there a little early b/c we had a 9:00pm show to get to and we wanted to relax and enjoy ourselves. For an appetizer I had warm Asparagus, Poached Organic Egg, Warm Bacon Vinaigrette presentation for this alone is worth the $17 bucks. For my main course I had the 8 oz Fillet cooked medium and the creamed spinach...both cooked perfectly. To top it off they I had put on our Open Table reservation that we were celebrating our anniversary they sent us an amazing dessert. The manager and several waiters came over to congratulate us...we thought this was very nice touch.There were a few missteps waiter seemed very rushed, droping bread, forgetting to bring us something we had asked for.If seemed like  he was " in the weeds" but we were there so early (6:45ish) the place was almost empty. Also, we thought the bar was very slow. My partner ordered a drink and it seemed to take forever for it to come out. I was almost half done with my glass of wine by the time he got his cocktail.I would recommend this place to anyone. Be sure to have plenty of time to and bring a lot of cash. This place will set you back several hundred buck.....but totally worth it.
3	We went to Cut last weekend while staying at the Palazzo. The atmosphere was sleek and modern. The service was solid along with the hosts and the bus staff. Bring money or try to win at the casino. Yes, most of the places in Vagas are bucks, but I left feeling we spent a lot of cash for an ok meal. We started with a crab type salad. It was overly laden with mayo really diluting the taste of the crab. The greens that went with it were nice, but the mayo pretty much killed really enjoying this dish. Had to cut it with some of the pretzel bread which was very good. My wife and I both had the steaks from Nebraska. They were good, but I've had better. Especially from Del Monico across the way. We also had the mac and cheese to go with it, which was good. What irked me was the wine list. Almost no bottles for under 200-250. That is essentially where the prices started. You would think for a steakhouse, you can can a wealth of choices for a bottle to go with your steak, but the list was way over the top expensive. We ended up getting a bottle they offered by the glass which turned out to be a great wine and cheaper, but I typically dont like to drink Pinot with my steak dinner. I'm not cheap either as I was looking to spend cash eating while in Vegas (Alex Restaurant at the Wynn, AWESOME)I would skip going here and go to Del Monico across the way. You wont get the sleek, hip modern atmosphere there but you'll get solid service, a better steak, and a wine list with a ton more choices.
2	First I must preface this by saying that my husband came here before and would have given it 5 stars on Yelp!  He said it has declined at least 30% since his last visit.Alright, onto my review.... knowing that many celebs frequent the LA restaurant, and having heard my husband's review.... I was expecting a delicious sophisticated meal at an expensive restaurant.  It was pricey, but none of the other things I had hoped for.The martinis we ordered came with a choice of blue cheese, jalapeno, or pimento, I chose blue cheese having had them at a different bar.  The martinis were OKAY.... but after drinking down the vodka, started to smell like vomit.  Not the best way to start my meal.  They brought a huge platter of raw meat to our table and began to explain where they were from, etc.  Being a carnivore, I was not turned off by the display of dead animal, but I can see how it might be offensive to some.  We opted for the bone-in filet.They came by with a tray of fresh breads and we chose the pretzel and pumpernickel which were fabulous, but cold.  I expected this tray of fresh bread to smell like a bakery and for the warm slices to melt in my mouth... not so much. (however the butter, that they said was from France was room temperature and easy to spread!)The sides--Cavatapi Mac and Cheese was baked with a delicious sharp cheddar, was pure comfort food and worth every calorie.Creamed spinach with Organic Egg (not sure if the spinach was organic, but they make a point of saying the EGG is...) good...not great.... but I love anything with an egg over medium....Fingerling Potatoes with bacon and pearl onions were awesome.  Wish I had them now for breakfast.  Comfort food, thick chunks of bacon and the pearl onions I could eat for days....Overall service was very efficient but lacked any personality.  They aren't the snobby servers of elite fine dining places, and they aren't the overly helpful staff of.... let's say a casino cafe.  They seem uncomfortable, and in a restaurant that is designed like a dark cafeteria, they need to do something to warm the place up a bit.  The decor was moody and the design pieces well chosen, but I would prefer a little different floor plan for this type of hype.  Every diner should feel like a celebrity in a place that charges $60-$185 a steak.Enjoyed the food and atmosphere of Craftsteak much more.... but then I guess everyone can have an off day.
3	My best friend has been raving about the $28 ounce of kobe from Cut and how great it was (his gf didn't let him eat it after she tried it) and so I've wanting to try Cut for a while.  I'm not a big fan of steak houses but thought Cut would be different.  For the record, I didn't order the $28 an ounce kobe, I did order a dry aged new york sirloin.  It was a big piece of meat and that's what it was.  It was dry, flavorless, and very average.  I just wasn't impressed.  The wasabi-yuzu sauce was a nice compliment for the steak since it gave it some flavor.   For appetizer, I had heirloom tomato salad which I again thought was very average.  The salad was $21 and the steak was $59 and I don't think it was worth it.  For that same price, I could have ate somewhere else and probably had a tasting menu of some sort.  There wasn't anything spectacular about the meal, it just felt like over priced steak and salad.  The service was relatively good, they were attentive and courteous.  The decor was somewhat depressing.  Perhaps they were going for the dim lighting of a steakhouse which is fine but I felt it didn't go well with the chairs and tables.There were three of us and the bill was $336.  We had some alcohol and also a souffle for dessert which was so so.  My best friend has said that he and I will go to Cut together next time I visit him.  I think I'll have to find another restaurant to try instead.
5	We went here for our 2nd anniversary dinner and the service and food were impeccable!  Every detail down to the parmesan breadsticks were delectable and every need was catered to without us even asking.  The bill was hefty because we decided to go all out and ordered drinks (a perfect pinot recommendation from our server as well as their famous pear-tini for me), appetizer (melt-in-your-mouth pork belly), entree (I had the New York sampler and my husband enjoyed the Austrailian Wagyu Rib-Eye) and we also ordered sides (caramelized onions, bone marrow, creamed spinach and fingerling potatoes), and of course dessert (strawberry shortcake).  We were happily surprised by a rich chocolate dessert, compliments of our chef for our special occasion (also got a discount because it was a celebration).  Overall, our experience was amazing and can't wait to come back!
5	I am pescetarian, so steakhouses are iffy for me. But this place is the BOMB. I ordered something like the Blue Crab & Maine Lobster with this almost sweet, buttery sauce.... and just that. Simple enough, it was delicious and to the point. It was my stepdad's birthday and they even sang him happy birthday with dessert! The room was filled with belligerent  housewives and couples. I was there with my two little brothers who are 3 and 7, my friend, my mom and stepdad. We were the only family there. At $700+ for 6 people, definitely a steakhouse to spoil yourselves with (totally wasn't paying attention to what anyone else was ordering, though). Love!
3	Free complimentary special occasion desert for $8.00Tried to charge us $8 for a complimentary anniversary cake. We were checking our bill and upon closer inspection, they printed out the $8 to look like a $0. We asked the server about it, he didn't even need to check the bill and knew what was going on and proceeded to fix it for us. Shady, I wonder how many people were jibbed from this.Otherwise, the American Kobe style rib eye was the best piece of steak I have ever had. Having already had A5 (highest rated cut) kobe/wagyu beef in japan and Hong Kong numerous times, I was skeptical that any other beef would excite me, however the American Kobe had the best of both worlds. The marbling and fat of a Japanese Kobe beef and the beefy robust taste of a Angus beef. I would choose the American Kobe Style rib eye over Japanese Kobe/wagyu steak.Don't bother with the tasting of Sirloin, I ordered that and ended up enjoying my girlfriends American Kobe rib eye instead.The bone marrow flan and desert were pretty good as well.If it weren't for the shady billing I would definitely give this place a 5-stars.
4	Low points first: - weird, office-like swivle chairs.  Uncomfortable & they kill the ambiance of an otherwise decent restaurant.-  beef filets, even when prepared medium rare, were dry.-  when your food arrives there are a ton of waitstaff, but drinks were refilled too rarely & some in my party didn't get new silverware after the appetizer utensils were cleared.-  bernaise sauce was kind of weak.  I'd expected more.  The shallot - red wine reduction was tastier.-  they told us we'd reserved the "banquet room" and when we should up it was just two long tables standing next to one another in the middle of the dining room.  We wanted to do toasts for the groom but couldn't really without ruining everyone else's dining experience.  Kinda felt like they misrepresented the space, it wasn't at all what you'd think of as a "banquet room".Good stuff:-  most everything else positive!-  one of the best pork chops I've ever tasted-  very generous portions (if I'm paying 38 bucks for a pork chop can I really say that?  I say "yes, I can".  It was big, juicy, and the size was enormous.  worth the money).  Each of the sides were large as well.  Unless you're super hungry and just a glutton in general, you should plan to share the app's.-  raw Kobe app with Asian spices was a bit too salty, but the flavors & texture was otherwise satisfying.  -  poached egg, asparagus, & bacon app was awkward to eat but was sinfully tasty!-  mash potatoes were good but the $25 addition of black truffles didn't do much for me-  Wine was served properly and efficiently-  Tara, our waitress, we perfect.  She dealt with my group of buddies professionally without being cold.  She gave us honest answers to our questions and made sure to stop by frequently to see if we needed anything.With so many good dining options in Vegas and me not being a big beef eater, I may not return, but if I do, I'm definitely getting that pork chop again. OMG that thing was tasty!
3	Not sure if it's the best steak house in Vegas, I would actually give it 4 stars if the prices weren't soo ridiculous.  Maybe I'm just spoiled after eating at soo many decent steak houses in nyc that are significantly better priced.  The wagyu filet was definitely the highlight, but it was 80 bucks for a tiny cut.  It's no Luger's, but passable for a night out in vegas.
5	Hands down the best steak I've had ever! Took a client out to dinner here and I couldn't have been more impressed. Great service, great atmosphere and amazing food. I had the bone in Filet mignon. The steak is seasoned well and side dishes are a delight.  I usually cannot finish a steak, but this one was gone by the end of the night. I even almost licked the plate.
5	I'm not the type to go to the strip to get food.  In fact, I despise going to the strip to get food.  But every once in a while the strip produces a place that is just so damn good that you can't hate on it.  Cut is one of those places.  I have very high expectations when I go to Wolfgang Puck's restaurants, and have been disappointed at some of my most recent meals at his more casual places in Las Vegas.  But Cut came through with one of the best steaks I have ever had.  Cut is a very modern steakhouse located in the Palazzo right next to the Casino.  The decor is dark, yet very squared and modern in dimensions.  The waiters are all dressed in professional, modern uniforms, and the food is served in a minimalist plate presentation.  The whole restaurant theme is executed very well for what Wolfgang Puck is trying to do with Cut.  The steaks are shown to you on a cart, much like a lot of steakhouses do.  But Cut has a wide array of steaks to choose from that differentiate them from most steakhouses.  They have Japanese Kobe, American Wagyu (Kobe), Nebraska Corn-Fed, Prime, and a couple others I am forgetting.  Basically you can get whatever kind of steak you want.  You will be paying top price for these steaks, as the cheapest steak is around $55, but you will get what you pay for, which is an amazing steak.  I went with the Nebraska Corn-fed Prime Ribeye, bone-in, and got the Tuna Tartar to start.  Both were amazing.  The tuna was of very high quality, and was perfectly seasoned.  The Ribeye was caramelized nicely, and it was cooked to a perfect medium rare.  You couldn't ask for anything more.  The best part of the meal, of course, was the bone.  Ordering the bone-in Ribeye is always the key to ordering a great steak.  This is because when you embrace the animal instinct inside of you, you will find that chewing on a bone is one of life's hidden treasures (dogs know how it goes).  We ordered a great Napa Cabernet Sauvignon to go with the steak, and had a great meal.  I have not been back simply because I can't afford to have a meal like that every day, but I plan on going back next time someone wants to go to a steakhouse.  Good work Wolfgang! You came through, again!
5	Summary:Food: excellentService: beyond excellentSo my wife and I flew in last minute for the weekend and had no plans or reservations for anywhere on a Saturday night.  We were staying at the Palazzo and decided on Cut.  I made a call down to the restaurant and they were able to fit us in. We had the last available slot (so the receptionist says).  When we got there, she wasn't kidding.  We had the last open table.Chris was our waiter and he did an outstanding job.  Great people skills and very attentive to our needs.  I'm sure the other waiters are just as good, but ask to be put in Chris' area when you check in with the hostess.Warning:  The place is not for you if you're squeamish about what the bill will be.  You're in  Vegas.  Expect to dish out the money.  It's worth it.
5	I've only been here once, which was like 2 years ago for my brother's bachelor's event, and I'm still craving for that filet mignon i had with caramelized onions and the funky-named breads they serve to you before the steak.  Even after 2 years or so, this CUT steakhouse was more memorable to me than the fat strippers and sub par $10 ghetto lap dances at Scores and Paradise.  There's all these different types of beef which the waiter carries out in his arm to show you (while in his Armani-looking pin striped suit of course).  He does a pretty good job explaining the differences and qualities of the beefs.  I don't remember how much my specific steak cost, but I'm sure it was expensive and whatever the price tag was, i'm quite sure it was worth every dollar.  The ambience was dark and had some blue strobe lights if i can recall correctly.  Almost like a stripper joint, except without the poles and 100x classier!  All I can say is, I had a blast, and If I were to go to Vegas again, I would damn well make sure to stop by and eat here again.  I think i remember there was that kobe beef sashimi price at $100+ that i'm so itching to try.....I wonder how that is..In conclusion, save those stripper dollars so you can buy more steaks at CUT.
3	service was great but i wasn't impressed with the food.  I ordered the lamb, which was probably not the best thing since it is a steakhouse. the lamb didn't have the normal lamb flavor that I'm used too.  it tasted too much like beef.  maybe next time I try it, I'll get the filet.
5	Great place just a stone's throw from the lackluster Mario Batali offering at Carne Vino. Service is outstanding, steaks are fabulous and the vibe is chic and cool.Come here for the steaks. They're all good. We've tried most of the offerings and the fliet and bone-in offerings (my go to steaks) are all excellent. Add sauces and sides for extra money to mix and match to your taste. There's no wrong decision here.Breads, often overlooked at steak houses, are varied and delightful. Just don't fill up and miss out on the awesome meats! Japanese Kobe, American Kobe, American Corn-Fed, Prime and pretty much anything else you can imagine are on tap if you can afford them. We did some tastings of different meats too, little bites basically and some of them ran $60, so be prepared to shell out big bucks for the privilege of dining here.So, it's a special place and worth the money, just not somewhere you'd want to go as your regular place. There are several expensive wines and several that are decent values if you know your wines or trust the sommelier to ferret out the values for you. Fantastic for a special occasion.
5	Yep, still my favorite steakhouse in Vegas.  Went here the other night and had:  a meltingly tender filet, a fabulous glass of pinot, crispy herbed fries, pretzel bread, 4 delicious sauces and roasted root vegetables.  We were tired and would have loved quicker check service, but that 's our problem - not theirs.
4	Nothing says love like red wine and redder meat.  Wow. 3rd most expensive dinner we've had in LV with Nobu and Picasso at 1 and 2. Decided this would be a nice splurge for our 3 year wedding anniversary and it certainly was. I was glad I read a bunch of Yelpers reviews before going as it made it MUCH easier to choose what to get and all that. We went with a 9pm rez after seeing Phantom. Both of us had intentionally skipped lunch in anticipation and I even went to the gym 3 days in a row haha. The atmosphere was pretty loud. Not exactly the most romantic place but no big deal. The vibe was more fitting for the HRH all-suites tower than Palazzo. Got a booth instead of the stupid swivel chairs thank god. Wife started with the kobe beef sashimi which was awesome. Pretty much the best carpaccio ever. I could've just eaten the beef sushi-style. I got the big eye tuna tartare after reading everyone's recommendation and it certainly did not disappoint. After reading SO many raves about it..I went with the 10 oz American Kobe ribeye. Wow! You gotta love the marbled, fattiness of the beef. My wife got the regular filet which was also excellent and the difference in how both meats tasted was really interesting. We could only manage to eat half of our steaks but I'm SO looking forward to the leftovers today!!  The price of the mac and cheese was ridiculous. I was looking for an asterisk on the menu that said it came with a foot massage or something...tasted awesome anyways. Also went with the broccoli rapini for the other side. Went well with everything. Skipped the sauces and didn't miss them. FYI..they don't do a locals discount anymore. Whatever..no one comes here to save money. We've been to so many steakhouses in LV....I can't say it was the best one we've been to but it was really great.
5	best steak i've ever eaten (so far!)one of the most expensive places you can eat, but pretty worth it.  so many cuts of meat, but the more expensive you go, the better it gets.Started off with Kobe Sashimi, really good considering i don't really like carpaccio all that much.  for the steak, went for the medium priced american wagyu ribeye, 10oz, $85, but oh so good and cooked to perfection.  my friend went for the $135 10oz australian wagyu ribeye and that was even better!  another friend ordered the kobe braised shortribs, that was pretty awesome too, so soft and tender.  had lots of indian spices, so tasted like curry, so avoid it if you don't like curry.for sides, we had the mac and cheese which was some pretty awesome mac and cheese, also had broccoli which was okay, nothing special, but needed something to cut the richness of the meat.  for dessert, friend ordered the date cake and gelato.  pretty good, like carrot cake but with dates.  gelato was manderin orange, very refreshing.  also the table gets some kind of whisky nut bar and a fudge bar which was good, but after that rich meat, kind of hard to eat more rich foods.  considering the sides, dessart and drinks, its not THAT expensive, but the meats definitely are pricey, but you definitely get what you pay for.  there's also fish and chicken dishes, but who goes to a high end steak house for fish or chicken.  not a place to go on a regular basis, but for a good piece of steak, i doubt there's many places that are better, but i'll try to find them.
5	Are you looking for the best steak? BLAM! Found it...it's here. It is truly a dining experience like none other. Exceptional service, very knowledgeable and paired wine perfectly. I was also enlightened that I've been cheated, my entire life, with the proper measurement of "ounces" for my meat(s). The portions will seem massive from what you're are used to. The Kobe tar tar blew my mind! I had the ribeye and it was simply the best I ever had. You will not be disappointed.
5	Our meal was simply stunning. The service was top-notch, not that I expected anything less. The 3-piece meat taster ($145) is highly recommended. The steamed chard was the best I've ever had -- the garlic didn't overwhelm the dish, which often happens. The other side, the mac and cheese, complemented the meal nicely, but really, the meats were the stars of the meals and well-worth every cent of their $145 price tag. This was the sort of meal that made me pity vegetarians.
3	Can you say carcinogen heaven?  The steak was delicious but if you are afraid to eat super burnt food then this is not the place for you!  The steak was absolutely charred!!  We also had the bone marrow flan and pork belly, both were a little over hyped.  Overall, the steaks were great, but Vegas is full of great steaks and this was not my favorite. Pros: great quality steaks.Cons: super expensive!
4	This was one of the best steak dinners I have had in a long time.  I knew we were off to a good start when Sommelier Lyndsey Whipple, suggested  a excellent bottle of 2005 at a price point well below what I initially expected.  I had a dry aged rib eye steak cooked to perfection along with a dish of mushrooms and shashito peppers, and of course French fries.  This cut experience exceeded my dinner at Cut in Los Angeles.
3	Look at all those sparkling reviews of this place!  Was Puck himself there when you ate there or something?  Even though this place isn't horrible, I'm giving it 3 stars because not only have I tasted better steaks, but because I know Wolfgang Puck restaurants (and worked at one), and I know the caliber they are capable of, and this restaurant doesn't reflect it.Trust me, I did not cheap out at this restaurant.  A buddy and I started off with steak tartare and the apple salad.  Let me tell you now, this was the most flavor I tasted through our whole time at Cut.  These two dishes are common in Puck's restaurants, so I decided to get them.  I'll admit, they didn't disappoint me.  I can't say the same for the meat.The steaks weren't bad like overcooked and petrified, but I wish they had more flavor and more juicy.  I ordered the tasting of NY sirloin, where one of the meats was supposedly dry aged for around a month.  The kobe, which was naturally the juiciest of them all, was still a bit disappointing.  Not enough flavor and it tasted like it was cooked by the British.  My friend had the USDA Angus porterhouse, and he was disappointed as well.  The portion was right on the spot but like mine, it didn't have much flavor.  Then again, he comes from Texas, so maybe I can understand his disappointment, coming from the land of American meat.I can't remember what dessert I got- if I forgot, it probably wasn't that spectacular.Anyways, the service is fine.  The bussers and servers were very attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu, which I appreciate because that really is our standard here in our city.  Even the bussers need to know the specs of the dishes- the ingredients, the way they're cooked, and the way they're supposed to taste.I should've called them out for lying though, because the dish I ordered wasn't "great" or "fabulous" or any other positive adjectives they could've used.Oh, and as usual, the decor at Cut is very stylish and modern, as with any other restaurant that Puck has.  Don't let that fool you though.Just to let you know, Puck's empire of restaurants has expanded super quickly, that although service is still up to par, their roots from  fine dining and their delivery of the raw epicurean experience has somewhat diminished.  Vegas seems to have turned Puck into more of money-hungry business undergrad rather than enhancing who he is as a world-renowned European chef.  This is not just based off of my experience at Cut, but as my experience as a diner at several of his restaurants and as his former employee.So yeah.. am I a vampire?  I stay up super late, totally not a morning person, and I like my steaks juicy.  I guess I'll just leave it to the French to serve me my steaks.
3	I guess I'm just not a Wolf Gang Puck fan, like everyone else. Service was excellent but food was just ok.
5	Like most of Mr. Puck's other restaurants, this place is great.  I decided to eat at the bar and had the crostini, kobi slider, and the bone marrow flan.  Absolutly great food.  The bar tenders were extremely knowledgable in the food offeriengs and gave some great recommendations.  I look forward to coming back here in the future and having another great meal and experience.
3	We were a party of four who made reservations a few days before Thanksgiving. We were so excited to try this steak house because of the reputation. We all had steaks- New York, fillet Mignon, and porterhouse. All were tasty ...a bit more well done than we asked. The sides were great! Although the food was good, the services was OK. We had a female waitress who seemed like she didn't want to be there. She rolled out the steaks to explain them to us and we couldn't understand what she said....She spoke so fast! She seemed very impatient when we asked question's you are paying $50-60 a steak I think questions should be allowed. The bread basket was OK. I took the pretzel and onion bread. They were both cold like they came out of the refrigerator.
5	Amazing dinner; outstanding service.  Prime filet mignon "carpaccio," celery hearts, truffle hollandaise, white truffles from Alba, Italy; U.S.D.A. prime, Illinois corn fed, aged 21 days, bone in New York sirloin 20 Oz (rare); wild field mushrooms & Japanese shishito peppers... a meal to remember.
4	yumm!!  my mouth is watering reminiscing about how delish din was!  we arrived without reservation, and although NOBODY was there, they said we could sit in the bar/ lounge area. without hesitation, we sat, and scoured the menu for what looked most delish. i had a 6oz filet "kobe style" and my date had a Prime 16oz Ribeye topped with mushrooms. We shared the mac n cheese and the potato tarte tatin. both our steaks were PERFECT!! the sides were both SOOO heavy. tasty, but heavy. our service was just alright. nothing spectacular. we had to ask for refills on our beverages, and for extra napkins when our server spilled water on our table. steaks were delish, and i will definitelty be back...but for sure will try different sides next time. if you are as carnivorous as i am, you definitely need to check this place out!
5	When I came to CUT, we were celebrating a birthday and I felt like splurging. I ordered the Japanese Wagyu rib-eye with two extra ounces, which was the most tender piece of steak I have ever eaten. It was cooked perfectly medium rare, and I savored every bite of it. The sides are decent, but not spectacular. I do, however, like the long stick-like crackers that they provide to you. They taste kind of like Cheez-Its. It was a great meal, but dented the wallet quite a bit. What else was I expecting ordering a $225 piece of steak? Ack.
5	Definitely had my best steak experience here. Had the 21 day aged New York cut steak, 14 oz., medium rare. It was so good that I took the time to chew each one carefully and savoring each bite. I didn't ask for any sauces on it since I want to taste the meat itself. You do, however, get an array of mustard based sauces in small cups. I thought that was neat, and the cheese sticks?! and the bread?! We also got the pepper and wild mushroom side, and the onion rings. Amazingly delicious. I didn't notice anything different with their "french" butter though, it tasted like regular butter with some sort of powder spice thing on top. I'm drooling now, thanks a lot CUT. btw, the service was on point and you will come out FULL. So go in with an empty stomach, you'll love it.
5	Modern room. Interesting cocktail menu. The spicy tuna tartar was a little too heavily spiced in my opinion but everything else was fantastic. The dude who explains the Kobe was a nice touch. The service was polished and professional. Very good experience.
5	Best meal I have ever had...Absolutely amazing.  Ivan was our server, and he was very helpful (even finding out answers to some questions we had that he did not know about).  When I talk about Ivan, I must mention the service in general.  It was phenomenal.....everyone who passed our table asked about how we were, if we needed anything, and how our evening was going.  Amazing and a huge thumbs up!!!!I had the kobe beef filet, which was completely phenomenal.  Delicious.  Amazing.  Magic in my mouth.  We shared the creamed spinach (yummmm) and mac and cheese (the best I have ever had).  Additionally, the pretzel bread (baked in house) and other breads were superb.  I know that I am going in a reverse order...oh well.  The beef carpaccio (sp) was our appetizer, and it was deliciously prepared in a soy sauce base.  Yumm.  I enjoyed it with a pear martini!  Paradise.We did not order dessert but were given complimentary chocolate and cashew bars.  GREAT!The setting was relaxed with white and silver seats, walls, and accents.  Old school rock and roll playing...Calm and fun!Huge thumbs up for a terrific night out!!!  Can't wait to go back when the budget allows.
5	Amazing.
3	I have to say the food here was one of the best I've had in Vegas.  I had the NY strip which was absolute perfection.  They have a Pumpkin Pie martini, which may only be seasonal, and that too was amazing.  Only three stars though because the service was so lousy.  Slow and unfriendly!  Such a shame because this would be a great place to have on a regular rotation.
5	Visited this Wolfgang Puck restaurant in January of 2010. Three of us in the party. Made reservations a week before on opentable.com. We were on time and greated by the hostess when we walked in. Restaurant and lounge was full. It was CES week so Vegas is usually jammed that week. The hostess originally tried to seat us in the lounge. I was like "nah". Moved promptly to a nice table in the back of the dining room near the private dining room (which was full with employees from one of the companies at CES). Kind of off to the side it was nice and quiet so I could talk to my parents. The table was off balance and every time we tapped it, it would tilt. One of the servers fixed that quick with a folded cocktail napkin right after I pointed it out. Good. Finally unto the meal. My parents do not drink so I rarely do when dining with them. No problems. A round of diet cokes for all. Typical bar soda in a high end restaurant. There were a few different servers. Everyone works together. The main server brought out a tray to show of the differences in the marbling meat. From Kobe beef to Wagyu and the dry aged. Some breadsticks on the table were ok. The bread is awesome. Pretzel bread with the different mustard's they put on the table are excellent. They served 4 other types of bread too. All fresh and flavorful. My dad loves his bread. So we had the bread guy come back and fill our plates 3 times throughout the meal. For an app we all split the pork belly. Very tender and cooked well. Enough for two not for three. Then for the steak action. I know my steaks. My first job, a week after I turned 16, was in an old school meat market. All through high school and college I worked in numerous meat departments of retail establishments. So with that said I obviously had to get the New York sirloin tasting. Three portions, three types of cow. At the time, CUT had legit A9 Kobe beef from Japan on the menu. They gave you 2oz. Awesome! Melt in your mouth. Crazy flavor I have never tasted before in beef. 2nd portion was 4oz of American Wagyu beef. Totally different. A little more beef flavor. The last, was the 4oz portion of dry aged prime corn fed sirloin. Again different in flavor and texture. Most beef like and recognizable.  Still a mighty fine steak. Seasoned well with some S&P (salt and pepper). That's all you need for a high end steak like these. I ordered these medium. Cooked fine. Finished hot. Some different steak sauces were served along side. I tried them each but the steaks did not need them.Mom got a 21 day aged 8oz filet. Def looked bigger. She likes it "mooing". She did not finish it so I took control of the situation. Dad got a strip steak. Not sure on the size or aging. In a nice steakhouse sides are a la carte. No prob. Served family style works. We got Yukon gold potato puree, creamed spinach with an egg on top ( which was broken and mixed in upon serving), and the onion rings. Everything was served at once, with multiple servers all explaining everything from the types of steaks we ordered, the sauces, and the sides. They served the sides on our plates and we enjoyed. It was steakhouse overload for me. I freaked out and sent all the staff away from me. We were all stuffed from all the food. We did not have dessert. Next time. Thanks to my dad for picking up the tab, as he always does.
5	Still freaking amazing! Topnotch service, excellent food, and a awesome selection of wine. Must orders:35 day-aged rib eyePorterhouse for twoRib eye wagyu is also amazingKobe beef short ribs melts in your mouth (and on the plate) :)If you saved some room for dessert, I highly recommend the chocolate + salted peanuts cake and the banana cream pie. Their complementary birthday cake (a caramelized cream coating over ice cream and a tart bottom-type thing) is nice and unique.My only complaint about this place is that they can really improve their sides. Their sides aren't bad, but they just aren't too memorable nor too impressive (especially the mac and cheese). The egg + spinach is a bit too watery, but the root veggies will complement your steak well. The side portions are big - I recommend 1 side order per 2 persons. All in all, this place is a must go if you're in Vegas!
4	We had dinner here last Saturday.  We were seated promptly and the waiters were very attentive from the beginning to the end.  We ordered two appetizers the Maple Glazed Pork Belly and Warm Veal Tongue which were delicious.  For steak we ordered the 6oz Wagyu Filet and the 16oz New York Sirloin which were cooked perfectly and also very delicious! I can't explain the bad reviews here...
5	By far one of THE best meals I have ever had!  Pork belly app was melt in your mouth amazing, and waygu Fillet was to die for.  To top it off probably the best service I have ever had, all 5 of us were served at the same time by 5 servers, pretty cool experience.
2	When I lived in Beverly Hills I would go to CUT often. It was either that or Mastros. I always found CUT a slight cut (begging pun-forgiveness) over Mastros. But that certainly is not the case in Las Vegas.I ordered the Illinois rib eye which was overpriced at $66, and although it was tender, it was also tasteless. A great deal of salt was required just to bring it to a reasonable level of flavor.The service was abysmal. Only 6 tables were occupied but getting attention was a constant effort.The wine list is good but criminally overpriced, as are the steaks. The wines by the glass are rudimentary and show no imagination or care.There are so many better steak joints here, both on and off the strip, that CUT just doesn't make the cut (okay, now you can shoot me).Go to Mastros, or Joe's, or even Envy for a better steak at a better price.
5	Went last month for my daughter's 16th birthday and we could not have had a better dining experience.Service was simply outstanding, the dry aged steaks (we had a New York and a Sirloin) were so exceptionally good that we are still talking about them a month later.  Sides of french fries and sauteed greens were perfectly done.I live here and eat out often.  There are many, many high-end restaurants on the Strip now, but few that make you feel truly welcome.  We look forward to our next visit!
5	I've been to many steakhouses and this one tops it all! I have never enjoyed the steaks that i have ordered. First of all the appetizers we ordered were simply amazing. Instead of the usual beef carpaccio i always ordered i decided to try the different appetizers that were offered where you don't see at restaurants.I started off with the warm asparagus with poached egg and warm bacon vinegarette and the maple glazed pork belly with asian spices, sesame, orange dressing, bartlett pear compote. Let me tell you how delicious these appetizers were. I would never have thought that an asparagus dish for an appetizer would be this yummy. And the pork belly? WOW simply tasty and not too salty. Both were perfect to start our meal.I ordered the tasting to NY sirloin: American Kobe Style from snake farm rivers 4oz, USDA Prime dry aged  35 days 4oz, and Austalian Waygu  From Victoria Falls, Australia 2oz. Oh MY GOODNESS, i don't think i can ever order a regular steak anymore. All three were so tender especially my favorite which is the waygu. Melts in your mouth. This place is a little pricey but it's worth it. LOVE CUT! Favorite steakhouse!
4	I am a huge Wolfgang Puck fan and have been waiting to try out his steakhouse for a really long time. The time finally came in November.They cook all their steaks the same way, seasoned with a simple but delicious mixture of spices. My bf and I had gotten the porterhouse, which is the only steak on the menu that is seasoned with a little extra including rosemary.The waitstaff are very attentive and provide excellent service. The ambiance is nice and the decor is modern. The bf and I aren't wine drinkers, but they were able to recommend a very enjoyable white wine to accompany our dinner.One highlight of the night: the waiter brought out a platter of all the raw beef they offer on the menu. The beautiful marbling of the beef made me excitedly anticipate the main course of the night. And when it was all said and done, CUT did not disappoint.
5	Expensive but worth your money. Ordered porterhouse, rib eye and braised short ribs. Sides Mac and cheese, creamed spinach, root vegetables. The winner was the porterhouse. Great breads to start, make sure you get the pretzel bread, SO good! The sides were a little disapointing given the wonderful steaks and bread...so i would have given 4 1/2 stars. Great, impeccable service. Long wine list. Dessert were more on the "airy, fluffy side". The banana cream pie was very interesting, and the chocolate peanut better was not too sweet. Would try both but would not strongly recommend either. Modern chic decor, more for a friends and going to eat before going out, not particular romantic if you are looking for a date place.RECOMMENDED!
4	Fantastic steaks, absolute top-notch service, and a chic modern classic interior completed by a host of "in crowd " clientele make CUT a great dining experience that won't disappoint. So long as you're OK with the prices, I'd definitely say put CUT on your list of considerations. Is it deserving of its #2 steakhouse in Las Vegas fame? It certainly is believable. The filet I had was WAY better than the one I just recently had at Morton's in Schaumburg, IL (Chicago) an offshoot of the original Morton's and absolutely legendary for their steaks. It also easily KOs SW in the Wynn in the first round but there are plenty of other serious contenders in Vegas. Perhaps it was a one time wonder but I once had an absolutely amazing filet at the steakhouse in the Luxor, a place simply known as "The Luxor Steakhouse". In any case, the steaks at CUT are truly suburb! So why four stars and not five with all this hype? While Wagyu steak is typically expensive and CUT's prices weren't higher than the norm here, their other dishes and more regular cuts are quite a bit pricier than usual. Also, the location is a bit away from the typical Vegas energy and excellent being in the shopping area between The Venetian and The Palazzo. I personally prefer the Beverly Hills setup and location. What I ordered: Apple Martini - good not great. A bit weak for my taste and no ice crystals floating on top. Maple Glazed Pork Belly Appetizer - made with Asian spices, sesame-orange dressing, and Bartlett pear compote this plate was delish but not on the same level as the best pork belly dishes I've had. Still, definitely recommended. Petit Cut Filet Mignon 8 Oz - being a fan of the leaner cuts over the Wagyu, I ordered this USDA PRIME, Illinois Corn Fed, Aged 21 Days steak rare and it was served cooked to perfection. As you should have gathered from the above, I really loved this steak though I did find the pepper seasoning just a bit strong. The pepper crust is something to note since this is not the standard way of preparing a filet mignon at a lot of places. Of curiosity still to me, is how the USDA PRIME, Nebraska Corn Fed, Dry Aged 35 Days 10 oz would have compared to the cut I ordered. While I didn't order CUT's Mac & Cheese made with Quebec Cheddar this is something I would have loved to have tried. Since I didn't notice they had this dish until later, I thought I would mention it here so the same didn't happen to other Mac & Cheese fans out there. Enjoy...
4	We arrived 15 minutes before the kitchen closed (which probably wasn't real popular with the staff). Even with our late arrival, we received fantastic service. The bread and butter (can't remember what kind) was great to start. We also had a number of sides, but the fact that I can't remember what they were, might say something.Items ordered: -Shrimp Cocktail (deconstructed) - This was as fantastic to eat as it was visually appealing.-American Wagyu Rib Eye Steak 10 Oz (med rare) - Very good, but a little too charred on the outside-Lobster - Perfectly cooked, melts in your mouthOverall, the food was very good and the service was exceptional. In fairness, I am writing this review after my completed trip. This meal was consumed on the first night and probably was knocked down a star because of the incredible meal I had at Strip Steak (Mandalay Bay) later in the week.
4	Everything was awesome there - steaks were perfectly cooked, the char and seasoning were great. And get the bone marrow flan, it is amazing.Good service, not as personal as I like but friendly and efficient nonetheless.So why 4 stars? Kobe beef sashimi was OK, and when I asked for a glass of cab with my steak the server brought a $25 GLASS of wine without informing me of the cost. I understand it's vegas and expensive but I think a server should always check on a glass of wine above $18 or so.
4	Overall...a sensational effort.  From the atmosphere (clean, stylish and modern...but not too cold or sterile) to the food (superb) to the service (attentive and knowledgeable staff)....the dining experience was a memorable one.  I am from Chicago so my bar is set pretty high...and Cut compares favorably with the best steak houses I have visited.I had a decadent blue cheese wedge salad and the succulent bone in filet...along with a superb bottle of Peter Michael "Les Pavots"...sure...$789 is a lot for dinner for two...maybe the most I have ever spent...but it was most delectable and I dont deduct for costs (since you should know the price range going in)...A world class steakhouse...
4	First, I want to clarify what the stars reflect in this case. Here, it reflects the overall experience excluding cost, from the level of service to the quality of the food. I'll comment upon a cost based rating below.The food was quite good and well prepared as one might reasonably expect from an establishment at the Palazzo/Venetian. Considering that even the Grand Lux Cafe delivers above average fare with great execution at moderate prices, one would expect no less at Cut. The steaks were all prepared at the desired wellness (in this case, all medium rare) and were sufficiently rested prior to being served so that the juices did not run all over the plate upon slicing into the steak.There was a dizzying array of cuts and types of beef offered, from prime grade domestic beef (aged for varying durations) to domestic wagyu (oxymoron?) to New Zealand wagyu (alas, no wagyu from Japan).Our party opted for the domestic wagyu, which was priced moderately between the domestic prime and the NZ wagyu. The cuts include rib eye (my personal favorite), filet and NY sirloin. All cuts were, again, exactly prepared. Taste and tenderness were excellent although the beef examples shown to us at the table were not as well marbled as the NZ wagyu (domestic beef was not sampled to us).That being said, the steaks were not really differentiable from prime grade steaks at other upper end steakhouses at half the cost (or more). Nor did it seem better than the prime grade steaks available at Costco prepared by sufficiently skilled home chefs. And, it was noticeably not as good as wagyu in Japan (whether it be from Kobe, Yonezawa or the like).Still, it was an excellent steak that was prepared very well.All told, however, the 4 stars for an overall, cost considered experience, is generous. The service, as others have noted, is largely impeccable if not a little too familiar. The food is excellent. But the pricing is outrageous when similar quality can be had at less than half the price at other esteemed establishments. Not just for the steak but for the sides. $12 for a small side of mashed potatoes? Even if they are my favorite Yukon Golds, it's not like the potatoes are made of gold. Cost considered, I would have awarded 3 stars at best -- excellent food, excellent service but average value at best.If you're on vacation or on an expense account, go ahead and splurge once. I did just to satisfy my curiosity of domestic wagyu. It's a great dinner if you're price insensitive. But if you expect the dinner to match the price, you may not have your expectations met.
5	Only go if your boss is paying for the bill!  Meat was great, aged 35 days, sides were hearty and the place was baller status!
4	Not as awesome as LA's CUT but still damn, damn good!Glamourous dining room, elegant and chic with fabulous service!A definite treat!
4	I have been waiting to try this place and finally got to go with a group of friends in Las Vegas. The decor and service is what you would expect from a restaurant of this caliber...top notch. There was a beat that was missed by the staff and everything was perfect. With regard to the food, I had expected a little more. We started with the Big Eye Tuna tartare and a special of Blue crab claws. The tartare was excellent however there was really no wow factor and nothing that set it apart from something you would find at any other restaurant. The crab was just that...crab claws. Basically a bowl with some crab claws...they weren't even pre-cracked. As much as I love going through cracking shell fish, this wasn't the restaurant I was planning on doing it in and again I had hoped for something more than simply claws. Next up were the sides (I'll save the steak for last). We each picked something and got the French Fries, Onion Rings, Swiss Chard and Autumn root veggies. The Chard and the root veggies were good but the fries and rings were completely disappointing. Easily something we all took a taste off and could have been happy not having any more of. Again nothing special here and no wow factor. Finally the steak. I ended up with the bone in Rib Eye from Illinois...rare. This was a fantastic piece of meat. My only complaint here was that they went a little heavy on the seasoning. The wine list was incredible. I didnt want to hold the table up as I picked a bottle but i honestly could have read through it for a good 30 minutes. I stayed in the sub $100 range for a bottle and was able to pick an excellent one...but beware as there is little choice in that category. If I go back I would stay out of the appetizer and side sections and just focus on the meat...and ask them to go light with the seasoning.
5	Best porterhouse steak ever! Juicy tender and flavorful.  Though it is kind of expensive, it is worth it for the experience.  The Bone Marrow we added was really good.  It came in a bigger portion than we expected.  I would say sharing that with 3 or 4 people is best.  It starts to taste  a little overwhelming when your eating too many at once.  Remember to eat these while their still hot, they taste oilier as it gets colder.  It was really good. The only thing I would complain about was that the cream of spinach was too salty.    Other than that, i'd come back for good yummy steak.  My favorite steak place so far.
4	Wolgang may not get the hype of the nouveau celeb chefs but he's still got it. Outstanding food, great tuna, waygu, killer sides. Bone marrow app was very good. Tomato salad was just a pass. the bill was pretty steep, special occasions only.
1	1 star - OVERRATED and the bf got FOOD POISONING.We were looking for a good steakhouse while on vacay in Vegas and since we had never been to Cut we decided to check it out being that it's highly rated.  What a mistake.For the money, you would think you would be getting top notch quality and service.  The service was good (our waiter did seem a tad too snooty, but he thoroughly went over the menu and the different cuts of beef they offer), but the quality was just not there.  I had my usual, the filet mignon, and the bf ordered the rib eye.  Both seemed overly salty and far too crusty (burnt?) for our liking.  In addition to the steaks, we ordered creamed spinach and mac n cheese for our sides.  The mac n cheese was okay, but the creamed spinach was... yakk (yakk = disgusting).  I just couldn't eat it.  It comes prepared with a raw egg that cooks from the heat of the spinach and I could have done without the egg.  Actually, I could have done without the creamed spinach entirely.  With tip, the bill came to a whopping $200+, and I walked away feeling utterly ripped off.  I'm never eating at this Cut again (I'm also wary to try any other Cut) and after the yak-ful night the bf spent on our hotel bathroom floor, I doubt he'll ever want the taste of Cut in his mouth again.  Dear Cut,Thanks for ruining our vacation.  I think we deserve a refund.Best Regards,Peggy.
3	Honestly?  I thought it was only OK.  Maybe I was let down by all the hype...  Maybe I was expecting too much?Anyways, stopped by here during our Vegas vacation, expecting to "treat" ourselves.  We asked the waiter for suggestions, and he recommended the bone marrow flan and kobe sashimi to start.  I personally thought the bone marrow was TO DIE FOR.  On top of the toasted brioche = YUUUUUMMMM!!!  I would get this again.  The kobe sashimi was my husband's favorite, but for some reason, I didn't really find it appetizing.  Don't get me wrong, I am full out Chinese and can stomach lots of stuff (tripe, pork blood, etc), but the raw meat plate made me a little queasy.  Anyways...For our entree, the waiter raved up and down about their waygu.  When in Vegas, right?  So we shelled out $80 for the rib eye.  Totally not worth it, in my opinion.  I've had better steak for half that price.  The sides were OK - creamed spinach and mac and cheese.  Very rich, didn't even come close to finishing.All in all, don't think I'll be visiting the LA branch anytime soon.  Maaaybe would go back and try the regular steaks, cuz their waygu really wasn't worth it in my book.Service was great though.  Have to give them credit.  I did like the ambiance - cool lighting, very modern.  Lots of large tables for groups.
4	I've eaten here twice now - though, both experiences have been dining at the bar. The bartenders, while sometimes overly busy and not attentive the way a dedicated server would be, have always been very nice and definitely knowledgeable when it comes to the food and drink menus.This is, obviously, not the place to go if you are a vegetarian. In fact, it is not the place to go if you aren't eager for beef. The star of the menu (and what takes up about 3/4 of the menu) is the steak. I appreciate how the different types of beef (Illinois, Nebraska, Kobe, etc.) are separated into different sections on the menu. And it was nice to be able to order a 10oz petite NY strip. The steak was seasoned and cooked perfectly - very delicious. Definitely seemed a bit over-priced, though.And, of course, no steak experience would be complete without a sauce and a side. I ordered the bernaise sauce, which was pretty good. However, the portion size for the sauce was ridiculously small. For the side, I had the mac 'n' cheese. It was great, but not $21 great.The amuse at the beginning and little desserts at the end were great. And the breads were excellent too. And the drink menu is really good - decent selection of cocktails, wines, and beers. I was very happy to find a blanc de noirs on their wine list.Overall, even when dining at the bar, it's a good fine dining experience. And the steaks are definitely great.
3	Went here for my BFF's birthday and was so excited, we both printed out menu copies and highlighted what we wanted to order. Yeah, we're like that. LOLComplimentary bread was delicious. They had focaccia, pretzel, pumpernickel, and sourdough. The pretzel was my favorite.Bone marrow flan - So decadent, yet light at the same time. Wish we got more toasted brioche for it, though. (It's OK because the waiter came back and gave more bread and it worked just fine.)Asparagus, poached egg, and bacon vinaigrette - Simple and yummy. I would get it again.BFF and I split a bone-in ribeye. It was OK. We've had better.Friend had the petite filet mignon. She finished it, so I'm assuming it was good?For sides, we got:Wild mushrooms with shishito peppers - Too sweet and not enough savory.Creamed spinach - It was OK. I've had better.Fingerling potatoes - This was really yummy! My favorite of the sides.The food was good overall, but we ordered too much/got full off the bread and apps, so we only had a few bites of the steak and sides. We asked to pack up the leftovers but they only came back with the steak. When we asked where our sides were, they said they threw them out. WTH? Why? We honestly had like a few bites of each. They threw away like $50 worth of food. :( The waiter offered us coffee after and we thought it was his way of apologizing for throwing away our food... until we saw the bill. He charged us for that, too.The food was good. But I think I'll get my steak somewhere else.
5	My babe and I ate here two nights ago and we were very impressed with Wolfgang Puck's artful steak restaurant.We arrived and was seated in one of their booths...very comfortable.  It was as if we were sitting on a sofa.  We began the meal by ordering their pork belly and kobe steak sashimi.  The pork belly was simply outstanding......very fatty and super tasty with tangy hoisin sauce.  The kobe sashimi was buttery......very tender.For our steaks, we had the 10 ounce wagyu rib eye and the 20 ounce bone in rib eye.  Both steaks were awesome...the marbling in the waygu was very fatty.....meaning so flavorful.  For our sides, we had the creamed spinach with an organic egg and herb fries...both very good and blended perfectly with the steaks.For desert, we had the baked Alaska, banana pie, and date cake.  All three were excellent.....the sweet flavors ended the meal perfectly.The service was OUTFUCKINGSTANDING!  Throughout the meal, two waiters constantly were at our beck and call.  A perfect foodie dining experience!
5	I utilize yelp pretty often but have been too lazy to write my own reviews. It is time I give back to the yelp community, and there is no better place to start than with this wonderful establishment.CUT opened their doors 30 minutes early to ensure we caught our show, and it only got better.Our very knowledgeable waiter rolled out a raw selection of available meats, masterfully describing each cut.Steaks ordered: Filet, Porterhouse, and Rib-eye (All USDA Prime, none Wagyu). Each cut was perfectly prepared and tasted excellent. As for a comparison, I can't unequivocally say the steak quality was better than Mastros, but it was definitely no worse.Sides ordered: Yukon Gold Potato Puree, Soft Polenta with Parmesan, and Quebec Cheddar Mac n Cheese. Polenta was the best, but still pretty ordinary, and the Mac n Cheese was the worst (Canada sucks, eh?)We paired our food with the House Cab, which went perfectly.The best part of the meal was the extraordinary service. Our waiter was very attentive without being overbearing. He also engaged us in relevant conversation without being awkward (pre and post meal).Overall, this culinary experience was well worth the money. In fact, I would have paid substantially more and still felt good about it.
5	Food, service and ambience are top notch. Meats were some of the best I've had. But believe or not the dish that impressed me the most was the chicken. Yeah I said the chicken!  Roasted chicken with truffle oil. Amazing. The service here was like no other. They cut your meat for you and serve every dish to you tableside asking you if you would like some, family style.  I really felt like a king eating here. I kept saying "this is how men should eat and be served"!!  Bit on the pricey side though worth it!
1	Maybe I'm spoiled by living in Wine Country (Sonoma County, Ca) and having access to good food all the time, but our meal at Cut (once we finally got it) was poorly cooked (med. rare was med) and underwhelming...steaks are sinewy and EVERYTHING is over-salted, over-hyped and over-priced. Great service can often make up for a mediocre meal, but I'm sorry to say we didn't get any the evening we were there. Half of our party was served their first course (there were 12 of us) and the other half didn't get served for 20 minutes. We had to point out that we were still waiting and the staff looked decidedly annoyed with us. Our waiters were neglectful and surly.This is my second time at Cut and will be my last...it better be, or shame on me!Cut does NOT make the cut.
5	A pretty easy five star dining experience.  Attentive wait staff, efficient and prompt ordering, and food that is off the charts!  I am sold!!Yes, it was a bit on the pricey side, but wow what a treat this was!!
1	So the one star is basically for the food.  Not that the food is only one star quality, but that's what saved the night.  Everything else was because of the experience.I went in a large group for a friend's birthday.  Service took a while and when our food came out, the waiters mixed up a few orders and put the entrees in front of the wrong people.  Now, I like steak as much as a normal person, but often times (and especially when there's no bone), it's hard for me to tell different cuts.  Same with some of my friends.  So we start to eat and realize that the orders are wrong.  People didn't want to touch stuff that other people already touched so we complained and they went to prepare entrees for those that already had theirs "soiled."Also, all of this doesn't include that they forgot one order, and tried to ameliorate the situation by cranking out a steak as fast as they could.  It came out bloody (no, the person ordering it didn't ask for it that way or anything close) but instead of having them heat it further, two people at my table traded dishes to keep everyone happy.The birthday boy was obviously not happy, as his steak was one that was affected.  IMMEDIATELY after all of this occurs, the waiter comes by and says "I'm so sorry for all of this.  Can I interest you in a glass of wine?"  The birthday boy, thinking that it was a freebie to make him happy, accepted.  But lo and behold, at the end of the night, the wine made its way onto the bill.Obviously, overall very, very, very dissatisfied with the way services went.  You could say that having a large group (we had 10 people) is difficult to handle, but for a top tier restaurant, this should be easy.  Plus, it wasn't even busy that night!  There were empty tables all around us.But, the food was good.  Not the best steak I've ever had, but good nevertheless.  Didn't have any of the bone marrow that one of my friends ordered but that was supposed to be one of the best things to eat.I don't think I'll come back here again.  Especially with a large group.
4	Came here for the final night of my vacation in Vegas.  My friend is a huge steak person as I am not.  But I did inquire a little around town and found out there are pretty much 3 steak houses to visit on the strip - Cut @ Palazzo, Craftsteak @ MGM and surprise! steak house @ Circus Circus.  Originally I booked my reservation @ Craftsteak considering we had a 9:30PM Ka show, but after reading a bit more reviews and have been @ Craftsteak, I decided we should try out CUT.  (Switch @ Encore which is where we were staying was also considered, but after seeing the reviews we passed, I still would like to try it next time)The four star rating is for the overall dining experience.  I would say the ambiance and service @ CUT deserves a full 5 star.  Our waitress DEFINITELY knew her stuff.  The restaurant is very nicely appointed, dark decorations but doesn't feel too uptight like the old steak houses in NY.  It has a nice modern feel to it.  We got seated by the door in a very comfortable booth area.  Waitress came by and explained EVERYTHING on the menu including the wine/drinks which came on an iPad.  She was the reason why I feel this restaurant deserved the outrageous bill that came at the end (more on that later).Being a steak house, the main thing is the meat itself.  And this restaurant has some of the best selections.  The shining star is Australian and American Waygus/Kobe.  Basically skip all the USDA crap and go straight to those selections, you would not regret it.  You do indeed pay for what you get, my friend ordered a 6oz Australian Waygu NY strip while I had the 6oz American Waygu Filet Mignon.  6oz may seem like a small size, but trust me you would not need more, I could not finish 1/2 of mine.  The Australian Waygu definitely was the most buttery steak I have ever tasted, every bite feels like you are going to pass out from just biting into it.All of the side items are a-la-carte, and they add to your bill exponentially.  The best is definitely the wild mushroom add on.  We also ordered a few other items - Cauliflower (definitely recommended, yum!), creamed spinach with poached eggs (I wasn't a huge fan) and gold yukon potato puree (pretty good mashed potatoes but nothing to write home about)  We finished the meal with a banana cream pie/ice cream rendition, it was good, but not exceptional.  It could be however at that point I was pretty much passed out for a food coma.  The food was tiny in amount but felt so very rich that I couldn't take another bite.  i also felt that the sauces (we had chimi churri and wasabi) were too salty since the steaks were already flavored with fleur-de-sel (which they also brought to the table, a very nice touch).  It was just too much of a good thing in this case I think.  The food was simply too rich for my taste, which is one of the reasons I docked 1 star from this otherwise amazing establishment.The other reason I took off 1 star is the price.  I have been to some outlandishly expensive restaurants, but this place is not French Laundry :)  The bill for 2 came out to be around $480 (including tip), with just 1 glass of wine.  Was the steak good?  Absolutely.  Was it $480 good?  That one I have to think for a bit and I think the answer is probably no.  So if you do decide to go, be choosy on the side items and add-ons you wish to have, because they do add up very quickly.  Also ask the waitress for how the sides accompany the overall palette, I have a feeling if I do ever go back again, I will be choosing SOMETHING that's lighter so it can offset the richness of the other parts of the plate.In summary, to finish off a very long review, I would come here if you are a steak fanatic and have a bit of money to drop.  It's like everything in vegas, you can do it on the cheap OR outlandishly over the top.  You can guess how this one fits :)
5	I'd like to preface this by stating that I know of few people who can appreciate a steak more than I do. That said, CUT was by far the best steak I've ever had in my life, and I've been fortunate enough to eat at some pretty good steakhouses.Of course I knew my tab was going to be expensive going into the meal, so I let any inhibitions about money at the front door. I ordered a medium 8 oz wagyu petite filet ($100) with no sauces or rubs - I wanted to truly experience the steak and its flavors. When the steak came out, it was a perfect medium in the center, well marbled, tender, and felt like it was literally melting in my mouth. I normally eat incredibly fast because my line of work requires it - but this meal I ate as slowly as I ever have to prolong the experience as long as possible. I'd probably still be at the table now, 48 hours later, if it weren't for the fact that my steak was getting cold.If you can foot at least $150 a head, I highly recommend CUT for your next Vegas trip. The food was to die for, the staff well mannered and professional, and ambiance terrific. I live in LA and can't wait to try the one out here now.
3	It was good. Not great.  The cooking technqiue almost overcooks your steak to the next level.  And they do warn you.  But a Medium Rare can look like a medium very quickly with the heat of his oven.Price is standard for a vegas steak place.  bread food sides, they were all good, drinks were good, but the steak itself did not blow me away the way i expected it to for the price.So many options in this town, time to move on
4	Food was excellent - service was excellent - prices were Las Vegas prices.  I had the chicken - which was one of the best prepared meals I've every had of this dish.  It surprised me in a good way.  3 at the table had steak - all very good (not great), and one had fish - excellent preperation - wrong choice of fish - too many small bones that even after expert deboning were still there.  Much better then I thought it would be.
3	I always believe that a good restaurant is where looks and tastes have to be equally good. I've been to hole-in-the-walls where the decor & presentation of the food don't do the taste justice. Unfortunately, CUT is quite anti-climatic as the taste doesn't measure up to its fancy decors and delicate presentations. When I walked into the restaurant I was immediately impressed by its edgy and modern atmosphere, and was prepared for a 5-star dining experience. The food was expensive and I felt like I was paying more for the "looks" than the food itself. I ordered a medium-well petite filet mignon but turned out to be well-overcooked. My friend ordered a medium filet but it was more cooked than her liking so she sent it back. But when her second steak came, it was medium, closer to medium-rare, and the middle part was cold. She didn't finish her steak. Positives - I have to say service was great. When my friend sent back her steak they didn't try to push back and didn't charge us for the new steak. Also, the bread here is amazing.Overall, I don't think CUT is as good as some of the other steakhouses for the price, bu it definitely looks nicer.
4	Great restaurant with a sleek interior and sexy vibe.Vegas has A LOT of great steakhouses, and honestly, this is not the best one I have dined at. For the creme de la creme, treat yourself to Prime at the Bellagio. But CUT certainly hangs in there with the typically impressive selection of Wagyu steaks and the like. Service was solid, as I expected. I mean, really, at a place like this, you have certain expectations - and CUT meets, just doesn't exceed, all of them.I give a particular nod to the hostess, who managed to seat us in the dining room rather than the lounge despite our very last-minute reservation on a Friday night. Her reasoning? We dressed for the occasion. Amen to that. I still cannot get with people wearing tshirts, jeans and flip flops to these restaurants. I mean, really, can't you change after your day of gaming? Ew.
4	Pretzel bread is too salty.That's the worst I can say about CUT over at Palazzo.  I will say I don't think it's the best steak I've had in Las Vegas.  I still give the edge to Delmonico for that.However, you're gonna come away happy.Steak Tartare - beautifully presented and seasoned.  Served with perfect crostinis and just the right amount of savory, salty, and creamy.  Steaks - The problem with steaks IMO is they can get bland since you're eating the same thing over and over.  That is no different here.  But it's a beautifully cooked and seasoned piece of meat you shall receive.  Doesn't have that spicy note I like over at Delmonico.  That seems to keep it more interesting for a longer time. Get the ribeye if you like flavor.  They serve it with a number of sauces - none of which I'm gaga about.Dessert - always been too full to get it.  :)
3	Bad experience I believe when we were there.Steaks Over charred. Pretty much ate burnt crispy Steak outside.Fancy kind of. Not really Fine and Dining but the dim lights made it ok.Good Service or so it seems.Our food didn't come out in a timely manner cause we were waiting a while for everything. By the time the steak came out or our appetizers we were already starving and wanting to leave.Paying this much money should have more attention to these kinds of things.The side dishes like macaroni and Mash potatoes or Bone Marrow were delicious a+++.Out of 6 of us 2 steaks were Over Cooked at least the waiter took those 2 steaks the cost of $55 bucks on average per steak off check. I guess that was the best part yet. We ate our food even if it wasn't cooked to our request. We were starving.I wouldn't come here again if i stayed at  palazzo again.
5	I was in LV for work on my own, figured I'd splurge and try some good steak.  Figure I'd give CUT a try.  During mid week there was plenty of seating at the bar.I got a beer and ordered the U.S.D.A. PRIME, Nebraska Corn Fed, Dry Aged 35 Days Rib Eye Steak 16 Oz.  There was some wagyu but don't think I could charge that to the expense account. I got the steak medium rare and it was cooked perfectly, the seasoning on the outside was divine, just perfect.  This has got to be in my top 3 steakhouses.  Truly a great meal.  Pricing was on par with higher end steakhouses and service was great as well.  Highly Recommended!
5	AMAZING! Cut has never disappointed me. I went to the Las Vegas location last week and was blown away from the minute I walked in the door until the minute I walked out of it. Not only was the food something I dream about and mind-boggling, but the service is like nothing I have experienced anywhere else.  Not only was the wait and bus staff courteous and attentive, but the managers also stopped by to chat and inquire about my meal. I have only ever been to this Cut location once before several years ago, I walked out feeling like family, like a regular. That is something you can not put a price on.
5	I love steakhouses and I love Wolfgang Puck, so I stopped in with a few of my coworkers this past weekend. The wait staff was very accommodating and friendly. The bartender mentioned to our server about my date's birthday. I thought it was very nice and sweet of them to be very aware of important events being celebrated. Our drinks were never empty and the food just kept on coming. We ordered the steak tartare and Louis appetizers. I am not a fan of raw beef, but the tartare was very tender and just melted in my mouth. I thoroughly enjoyed my bone-in ribeye with bone marrow and wild mushrooms. Steak without bone marrow is just not as tasty. It was a perfect medium rare throughout and the side dishes complemented the entree well. We had sauteed spinach, mac n cheese, shisito peppers, and artichokes. The mac n cheese tops Morton's hands down. Creamy, with the breadcrumbs. It was a great suggestion by our server. I also tasted my date's dish of lamb. The crust was great and the sauce put me in heaven all over again. The best part of the evening for me is always dessert. I loved the raspberry doughnuts, baked alaska, and chocolate souffle. The doughnuts are on the sweeter side, with decadence coming from the chocolate desserts. I can't wait for my next trip to Vegas, so I can taste the Wagyu beef!
5	The MOST AMAZING MEAL that I have ever eaten...to-date in my life.  I have traveled all over, finding the best restaurants.  I have never had a cut of meat that even half-touched the flavors and service at this restaurant.If you're traveling to Las Vegas, do whatever you have to do to go to Cut and invest in the best quality meat.  My personal favorite -- New Zealand Wagyu beef.  No need for anything on it...it is PERFECTION!!!!
2	Not impressed. As a steakhouse regular in LA, I feel this steakhouse is an overpriced tourist trap with questionable quality and lazy service. Spent $200 on one steak, 2 sides, and 2 drinks! The server had entirely too many tables and we were constantly waiting on him. The sides were super small and he said you would need a couple...well, at $22 for mac n cheese SIDE (which was small), I felt robbed! Smallest steak starts at $55 and is strictly the steak...no sauce or sides. The whole time I felt like I was being rationed food! Bread guy gave us 2 small slices to share! We asked for more and they never brought it. The cocktails were little and their bar was limited. Steak was just ok. Overall, we left hungry, disappointed, and robbed.  Stay away!
5	One of my top 5 favorite meals ever.  I've been here about 6 times or so - and the service, quality of food, and overall experience is always consistent & refined without feeling stuffy.  Japanese Wagyu Ribeye medium-rare is always prepared to perfection.  Other favorites include the bone marrow dumplings and mac & cheese.  It doesn't get any better!  Try the Japanese wagyu at least once! It's a strata above the american kobe or the australian wagyu.
5	Where else can you order a drink on an iPad?  The ambience is fabulous, the wait help is great, service outstanding.  The steak was spectacular.  I am a steak purist.  I don't like junk on it and like to enjoy a fabulous aged steak.  I was not disappointed.  This is fine dining. If you don't like the prices, go to Sizzler.
2	4 stars for the quality of food BUT 2.5 stars for customer service. Particularly the Asian Manager.Four girls arriving to Cut on a recent Friday evening...got seated on-time. Every server smiled and greeted us (Great). We ordered a bottle of 2005 Syrah, ox-tail, bone marrow, kobe sashimi. Entrees: we ordered petite filet mignon, bone-in filet and  a ribeye. Both the filet mignon was cooked to perfection (rare and med-rare). However, the ribeye came back Medium but we ordered rare. We cut a few pieces and noticed it's way too cooked. Asked the waiter to take it back, he did. Then, three minutes later someone else came back and said "did you ladies cut the steak in the middle because most often times, steak is rarer in the middle but cooked on the outer portion. But it's ok, we'll go ahead and make you a new one". (Great...we thought)Another three minutes go by and he returns with a new ribeye. We cut it up...it was RAW (not rare because there is a difference). The middle/ temperature of the steak was still cold. I asked the waiter and he said he will send over the manager. Manager was the same person that took our steak back the first time. When he arrived i asked if he was the manager, he replied "no, i am just the guy in a suit" (oh, great...we have ourselves a smart one!!) I pointed out the steak is raw and it is still cold. He said, "that's what you ladies asked for and that's what the chef made".I replied rare...NOT raw. End of story: he said he will "take the steak off the bill". Thank you Cut for a wonderful dining experience, we learned a great deal about steak!
1	We were at Delmonico's & we were looking forward to having a delicious bone in filet, my mom had ordered one their before & it was wonderful. We sat down, ordered drinks then started to look over the menu to realize they were not offering a bone in file. So my dad walked to CUT to ask if they had a bone in filet & the general manager (Gianni) said yes they did. We decided to leave Delmonico & got a table right away at Cut...(which was BS because we called earlier & they told us NO seating was available until 9:30...surprisingly at 8:00 they were wide open) We sat down & 1st thing asked the server if they had a bone in filet...well he said NO, they did not! The GM lied to my dad to get us to have dinner at CUT. The GM was extremely rude & got into an argument with my father & my husband. Unbelievable! Obviously we left CUT & we went to a 3rd restaurant for the night... Morels. We walked in ask the hostess if they were offering a bone in filet, she called the head chef right away and he said yes they did. We sat outside on the patio it was a beautiful night & we watched the pirates show at Treasure Island &  we enjoy the yummy bone in filet, Morel's had great service too!! :)
2	DO NOT add the $9 Bone Marrow to your cut.  I had it on my American Wagyu Ribeye 9oz (which i didn't finish) and after 3-4 bites, i nauseated due to amount of oil on my plate.  I'm not even sure where all that oil came from.  I'm giving 5 stars for the excellent service.  The sides were ok, had mac and cheese, creamed spinach, and polenta.  But for a well-known steak house, I came out wanting to throw up my steak.  I'm disappointed.
2	I'll start off by saying the service was great.as for the food, got the 9oz medium rare wagyu ribeye with bone marrow added, side of polenta, side of mac n cheese, and a side of creamed spinach.the ribeye was cooked right, but a lil salty. the marrow ruined the steak, so much grease it made me feel sick. it covered the bottom of the plate and all the sides that they put on the plate soaked it up, see pic here:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/J4CATH00YZrq8Bne2S4_cw?select=9g_-bc64OcVN7ZS_qQAsmQif you get marrow, I recommend gettin it on the side.polenta was okay, mac n cheese was good but salty, the creamed spinach was not as good as other places. disappointing meal for droppin $150 a head.
5	i know this place got mixed reviews, so i figured i'd give my side of the story.i've been wanting to go to cut since we first stayed at the venetian last year, but ended up dining somewhere else. on our vegas trip this past weekend, my bf wanted to have a nice dinner and i suggested cut, he heard "steakhouse", and that was it. so we get done shopping and drinking a monster yard from fat tuesday around 530pm, was really buzzed so we decided to take a nap, woke up at 9, and said "well, there goes our dinner!" since most upscale restaurants are booked for dinner time on a saturday night, i figured why not give cut a call and see if they have a table open? it's 9pm, kinda late for dinner, other people are getting their dinner over with so they can hit the clubs, why not. they said they can seat us if we get there in 30 minutes, and i've never gotten ready so fast in my life! well, maybe for a hair appointment. anyway... we get there and we were seated immediately. the dining area was about 3/4 full, bar was half empty. i didn't get our server's name, but he pretty much took care of us from beginning to end. he took the time to explain the menu, the differences in their meat, where the cattle comes from, what sauces taste good, yada, yada, yada. we started off with the blue-crab crab cakes, and the thing just melts in your mouth! it had a bit much of a mayo-type sauce in it, which i'm not a big fan of, but my bf is so he loved it. i love crab cakes and this is, so far, second best on my list (can't compare to crab cakes from maryland). for my entree, i ordered the illinois corn fed petit cut filet mignon medium well and my bf had the american wagyu/angus kobe style filet mignon medium well. and both with caramelized onions and their home made steak sauce. we also had the quebec cheddar mac and cheese to share (who goes to vegas and orders mac and cheese?). the server told us ahead of time that it's gonna take time to prepare our meal, so he offered us the wine menu - in an ipad! they had my moscato d'asti - extra points! not a lot of restaurants i've visited have that (olive garden, of all places has it). they also had a choice of breads for us to munch on. i was in the ladies room when they came out with the bread, and i guess my bf was overwhelmed with the selection he didn't know what to choose. he figured we both liked the what he calls "chocolate" bread aka wheat bread at cheesecake factory, he saw a similar one and picked that one. good choice. our meal came, and since there's only 2 of us, it was easy for the servers to figure out which steak was for which person. the mac and cheese was straight out of the oven and mixed in its pan right next to our table and the server gave us 2 spoonfuls each. we got down to business and from the first bite... mmm, mmm, mmm! hands down, best steak we've ever had. one morsel from the mac and cheese... my goodness! who knew canadian cheese was that awesome?!? just like the crab cakes i had from maryland, even though i was full, it was too delicious i couldn't stop eating. all the while, our water glasses were never left empty. if the servers saw it at least 1/4 full, out they came with the pitcher of water. the excellent food and excellent service made up for the wait, but if that's how much time they need to prepare such delicious food, i'll wait! it was a little over $250 for the 2 of us, which is a splurge. but it doesn't hurt to splurge every once in a while. besides... it's vegas, baby!
5	We went here for my boyfriend's birthday.  We didn't end up making a reservation because we were debating between CUT and another restaurant, but we were able to sit in the lounge and order dinner.  The food was amazing!  I ended up ordering the sole because we had just had steak the night before.  It was the best!  So moist and delicious.  They also brought a complimentary dessert for his birthday.  While it's definitely pricey, it was worth it in my opinion and I can't wait to go back.
3	CUT is a top notch steak house, with a nice variety on the menu.  Compared to many other high-end Steak spots in town, it's good, but not the best.  While my group really enjoyed the meal, there were many misses on service and execution.  First the Bad:While we were there with a large group on a Friday night, drinks took 15-20 minutes to come out each time.   This was discouraging, since most of the time one likes to enjoy the symphony of flavors found in pairing food w/ wine rather than sipping after the meal.  The side dishes are tiny and expensive ($12) even by upscale steakhouse standards.  We ordered as the waitress suggested, and found that we ordered too little.  Many of our steaks were not cooked to our requests.  I had the 9 Oz. American Wagyu Ribeye ($88), and ordered it medium-rare.  It came out Medium.  When I brought it to the server's attention, she paid it no mind.  "It's still quite good medium," she responded.  For a place that specializes in steak, any imperfection in it's preparation is a huge concern.Now the Good:The Bone Marrow Flan appetizer was magnificent.  Unctuous, rich, beefy, orgasm of flavor.  I've never had bone marrow executed so well; it was the most loved item of the night, judging from our table's "Mmm's" and "Damn that's goods."  The Maple Pork Belly was also incredible.  Rich, smokey, bacony goodness; I could have eaten another order, but didn't want to spoil dinner.The Manhattan (while it takes a while) was perfect.  The Whiskey-cured Cherry at the bottom of the glass just teases you with flavor, it is the best Manhattan I've ever had.  Decor:  Lot's of textures, generally straight lines fused together to create a stylish yet welcoming setting.  It is well-lit, and bright, which isn't something many steakhouses can say.  I like to see my food in all it's vibrant color, and the ambience at CUT allows for that special situation.CUT is a special place, but when compared to similar estabilshments, it doesn't shine as bright as one would hope.
3	Service was superb, the cut of steak was great, and there was quite a large wine selection...BUT the presentation (for the main dish) left something to be desired, not to mention the lukewarm state of the steaks.  Thus, for the price, I would rather go to Mastro's (at the same time, I am not going to turn down a comped steakhouse run though haha).So why would I choose Mastro's over this place? Well first, don't get me wrong but the service here was very good, better then most places, but it wasn't nearly at the personal level that Mastro's is at.  Our server explained the menu, brought out a sample plate of the rare cuts of meat (have to say I kind of wish other steakhouses had this), and explained each cut.  Moreover, the service overall, was very attentive....however I still was not "feeling" the place.  Maybe it was the decor or maybe the presentation, but I have to say there are definitely better places to choose from in Vegas for a fine dining experience.    As for the steak, I got the New Zealand Wagyu Beef From Kato Farms, Hastings, Hawkes Bay, New Zealand 8 oz steak for $140 with an additional 2 oz for an extra $40.  It was 10 oz of pure bliss...with a few gripes.  First, the steak come out lukewarm. Personally, I find this to be kind of disappointing as I like my steaks to come out piping hot.  Luckily, the steak had the nice charred outside with a juicy pinkish/red inside, medium-rare just the way I like it.  Second, and probably the most taboo thing, the plate was cold, warm at best.  Which top-notch steakhouse serves their plates like this?  I mean I can let by the fact that the steak was warm, but a cold plate is just unacceptable as now you are forced to eat your steak and sides quickly lest it cool down.  Thirdly, the presentation of the sides was simply awful.  I could present my own buffet plate nicer then they do here.  And when the servers scooped the sides onto my steak plate I felt as if I really was walking through a buffet line...  You would think for a couple hundred a plate that this place could present their food better.    Decent place to grab a bite or bring a date if you are staying at the Palazzo, but not someplace I would specifically come to on a whim as there are lots of better steakhouses on The Strip (for example Strip Steak at the Mandalay Bay).
4	This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant out in Vegas.  When I crave steak it's always a toss up between here and Delmonico's.  Although I must say I feel overall food quality in Vegas is not what it used to be.  My first visit here I would have given it 5, but it's down to a 4.  Still this restaurant does not disappoint.  Saturday night at 7:00, we expected the place to be crowded, but to my surprise it was only half full.  I had requested a "nice table."  They sat us in a small alcove with a view of the entire dining room.  This is now my favorite seat in the house. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful.  Their wine lists are now all on iPads, which allow for easier navigation of their selections.  You can sort the wines out in anyway you like, making it easier to find what you want.  We each ordered a different cut of the American Wagyu steak, filet, rib eye and strip.  Three different sides, fingerling potatoes, broccoli rabe, and creamed spinich with quail egg.  Service as always is impeccable.  Each dish was brought out at the same time and a server to each plate, presented us each at the same time our food.  As expected with the Wagyu, the quality of the steaks dictated the rest of the meal.  Our steaks were cooked perfectly medium rare, juicy and above all flavorful.  Seasoned perfectly, enough to enhance rather than take away the beefy flavor.  Excellent crust.  The steaks are much richer than normal steaks, that despite the smaller oz, we were very full after the meal with leftovers of our sides.  I was a bit surprised as I felt like I had a better experience the first time.  Again I feel that the overall quality of all the food in Vegas has gone down a notch.  Either that or I am not as easily impressed anymore.  Still we had an enjoyable dinner and a great experience, despite the beating my wallet took after.  Will I return? If I get lucky on the craps table.
4	Price was outrageous, and the service was slow, but man oh man was my Steak fantastic.  Definitely the best steak I have ever had in Vegas.  Appetizers were pretty fabulous too.  I got the bone marrow flan.  My friends were all drooling while i ate it.  Careful, its very rich, so i suggest you don't eat it all by yourself.  Be prepared to max the card out on a dinner for 4 though.  Is anything cheap in Vegas?  Nope!
5	I love CUT so much. I could probably end this review there, but its heavenly goodness deserves an actual descriptor.I practically, and sort of literally, live in Las Vegas and this is one of my family's go-tos for our joint favorite meal: steak.  They serve excellent quality meat and good preparation.  Sometimes I look at my own pictures and drool a little because I remember how fantastic the marbling is.  And what's more, there's a cut for everyone.  I love the Illinois corn fed rib eye because it tastes like cow, and my father loves the softer Wagyu style, among others.  We've tried most of the steaks on the menu, and I've never been disappointed before.As if that were't enough for me, I like everything before and after the steak, too.  The pretzels are pretty much fantastic, especially with the assorted mustards (the other breads are good, too).  Heirloom tomato salad was great when it was on the menu, but there are a lot of other good choices too, like the warm asparagus that I love so much.  The sides are admittedly not CUT's strongest point, but it's not so bad and frankly, they're really not important.  If you care that much about sides, you may want to go somewhere that actually plates your steak.  Here they serve it to you as it is: solitary in its meaty glory.Dessert is surprisingly strong here, too.  Last I went, we ordered a souffle, baked alaska, banana cream pie, AND a warm berry cobbler.  Everything was good.  I ate to a point of serious discomfort because I couldn't stop.  It was too good.  Admittedly the souffle was sort of standard fare for a "good" chocolate souffle, but everything was clearly very, very good. Very.  I would be hardpressed to pick a favorite.All in all, if you can afford the price, go. Get a wine pairing or a cocktail. It's all good.
4	My friends and I recently dined at Cut to celebrate forthcoming nuptials.  Not that I needed an excuse to come here, but the only thing better than good food and drink is good company.  On to the review.*Beef*The quality of the beef was very impressive, but not world class.  The best thing on the menu was ribeye wagyu from New Zealand.  The marbling was not comparable to more upscale wagyu, like Tajima, but for the uninitiated, the beef served at Cut is more than sufficient.  I ended up ordering ribeye from a wagyu/Angus crossbreed.*Preparation*The steak was cooked perfectly.  Moist and pink, with the appropriate amount of char.  The mustard sauce was the best.*Drink*Above average beer menu for a steakhouse.  I started the evening with a tripel from Westmalle; the citric, yeasty notes went well with the appetizers.  The steak was paired with a generic pinor noir from Oregon.  The scotch menu needs some serious revamping.*Sides*Unimpressive, but Cut doesn't offer course menus, so it was expected.*Dessert*I had a generic souffle.  Nothing to write home aboutOverall, the perfect place to have steak with the guys.  It's not a dining experience as much as it is a place to get your steak cooked properly.
5	Near perfect service and attention to detail. The best selection of quality steaks I have experienced anywhere so far. The drink menu is presented on an iPad and the sommelier was very knowledgeable and professional. I plan to return for my birthday dinner after watching Jersey Boys at the Palazzo.
5	This was my first upscale dining experience, and it did not disappoint.Service was exceptional. The gentlemen with the sample cuts of meat was very knowledgeable, and answered all of the questions we threw at him. The house bread (mini pretzel roll) was amazing along with the cold french butter. Since the bone marrow flan was talked about in many reviews, we decided to try it out, and DAM! It was fucking delicious. Definitely not for everybody, though.For my steak, I went with the 35 day dry aged ribeye which was insanely good; especially the house made steak sauce. You definitely have to try the mac and cheese. Totally worth the long wait. It also feeds 3, along with most of the sides.Overall, I was very impressed with this restaurant, and felt it was well worth the extra money I shelled out to eat here.
5	Went here with a group of friends I met up in Vegas and it was a great time. The service was great very friendly and courteous were able to answer all questions and made helpful reccommendations. The food is absolutely amazing best steak I have had in years, very flavorful on it's own ended up not using the sauce I got to go with it, and the mac and cheese side dish was equally good.
3	Our meal at Cut in The Palazzo was very good, but a little disappointing on minor points.  The service was impeccable.  The cocktails, steaks and sauces were superb, and the modern space - think West Elm modernist - was a sophisticated variation on the usual steakhouse decor.  Our appetizers were good, but not as impressive as we would have hoped for a dinner with a $300 price tag.  My shaved hearts-of-palm watercress salad had a nice blend of flavors but the way the ingredients were cut gave it a clumsy mouthfeel.  My fiancee's tuna tartar was much better - but not exactly original.  Overall, it's a good steakhouse, but they ought to make an even greater effort to distinguish themselves as a modern steakhouse alternative, such as greater attention to the subtle elegance achieved in both rare ingredients, atypical blends of flavor, and tactile qualities in their starters.  We did not get dessert but hear they are really good.  Wine list good also.
5	Really cool decor. The lighting, the chairs, the artwork, the ambience - it was all cutting edge but comfortable. The hostess offered me reading materials when she seated me (I was a solo). Nice touch!The visual presentation of the cross-bred Wagyu/ Kobe Angus steak was too difficult to resist.The service was very attentive. They were thorough in their descriptions and mindful of my needs without being obtrusive.The tuna tartare was great. The tartare was covered in thinly slices avocados and served with wasabi aoili sauce on thin bagettes. I didn't want it to end and I looked like a slob trying to get everything loaded onto those thin bagettes. Great things come in small packages because the steak was downright erotic. It was flavorful, rich and while the sauces were good, the flavor stood completely on its own.The creamed spinach was great and the organic egg added a special touch.I thought I couldn't eat any more but went with the artisan cheeses. Probably should have stopped while I was ahead.While Rosemary's and Raku are my two favorite places in Vegas, they are a little off the beaten path. I'd have to put Cut as my top spot on the strip. That's high praise because there are a plethora of good spots on the strip.Smiley face and a star.
4	Staff was very friendly and attentive. They answered all my questions regarding the dishes and steak without any ounce of "snootiness".  Wine list is electronic and your search can be narrowed  by grape, cost, or region. Steaks were cooked exactly as ordered and the bone marrow accompaniment was VERY generous for an add on price of only $9. I actually gave half of mine to my friend who didn't order for his steak. Reservations are basically a requirement (especially on a weekend). The only downside is that some of the patrons are a little on the loud side and there really didn't seem to be a dress code enforced, but hey, its Vegas so you just have to expect that with the territory, even at this price point.
5	i went here the past friday. . .my second time being at this location.I love everything about it.  The atmosphere, the service and of course the food.  I'm not a really big red meat eater. . .but they have excellent mac and cheese, and sauteed mushrooms.  The porkchops were seasoned to perfection.  My fave appetizer is the marrow.  It was me and 3 other gfs celebrating one of my gf's bdays.  I loved how attentive the servers were.  Our glasses were always full.
4	This was my second time at Cut Las Vegas. Restaurant was beautiful, service was commendable, food was delicious. Since it was my birthday my sister-in-law treated me by splitting the New Zealand ribeye, which was $180. I was hoping it was going to be better than the American Wagyu I had tried last time, but I was a little let down. Although the flavor was amazing and the steak was cooked perfectly, the texture did not seem any more tender than any other well-cooked American ribeye, so not really worth the additional cost to me.My friend ordered the pork chop, since she had not been impressed by the steak on her previous visit, and I would have to say it was pretty awesome. It was a huge portion, with the bone, seasoned deliciously and perfectly moist and tender. It was such a large portion that she cut it up into snack size bites to take home and I must say that the pork did not dry out and was still delicious when we snacked on it for breakfast the next morning (that would explain the meat in my bed!)We also shared amongst the four of us two of the bone marrow appetizers, a side of the mushrooms and a side of the macaroni & cheese which were all delicious. They bring a tray of different breads to your table and you get to choose which one you like before the place it on your plate. They also roll out a cart of their prime cuts of beef to show you the marbling and educate you  more on the meat. The water glasses are filled before they even get 1/4 full. Our server did take a little long to bring out our check to us, but no biggie. It was a good first dinner during our weekend in Vegas.
4	We went to Cut on Saturday night with a large group of people. The service was outstanding...waiters and other staff who truly want you to have a fantastic experience. Everyone is trained well and working hard.The steaks were good, but not great. If you have ever tasted real Wagyu beef in Japan, you will see that Cut steaks are not remotely similar. However, they are good (just incredibly overpriced). That being the case, the other items on the menu were excellent. Great bread, especially the pretzel (house made) and the creamed spinach was the best ever. If I went again I would order a cheaper cut of beef or simply skip the beef and order a whole bunch of appetizers with wine.
5	One of my main goals, was to try the Bone Marrow Flan which was on a list of 99 things you must eat in LA before you die. I never made it out to the beverly hills location, so the Vegas one it was!The Bone Marrow Flan was amazing. Every part of that dish was amazingly great. The steaks and sides were all done well, as any of these type of high end steak houses should do, so while there wasn't anything on the main menu that seemed astonishingly great, they did cook what they have very well. Extra kudos for the option to add Bone Marrow as a topping to you steak (though not the same as the bone marrow flan).We had a large group on 13 people which was a bit hard to squeeze into the location, but staff was very attentive and the chef threw out some complimentary little items here and there.
4	This should be the blueprint for all new Steakhouses  Ambiance is perfect for Las Vegas, very modern and comfortable. We were seated in an extra large booth fit for 4 guests, but there was only two of us. Felt great not to be packed in like sardines. They bring out actual raw beef for your inspection. It was interesting to see the differences in the marbling. I was so anamored with the differences of the meat upon presentaion, that  I had to order the NY strip sampler and try them all. This included a 4oz portion of 35day aged nebraskan corn fed, 4oz American waygu from Idaho & 2oz of australian waygu. I was very happy with my choice. IMO the American waygu from Idaho was the best. All three pieces were cooked perfectly and seasoned very well. Also had the pork belly app which was fantastic. Added bone marrow to my steak which was a little salty but deliciously and rich. We shared Mac n Cheese and creamed spinach, both were very tasty as well. Obviously this place is not cheap, but you get what you pay for and this place is the best steakhouse in Vegas.
5	This is not for everyday. My group decided to treat ourselves and were not disappointed. As mentioned, the waiter brings out the raw meat and explains the cuts and selections. I ordered the American Wagyu rib eye ($88 for 9 oz.) It was like butter! I've never experience steak like this. My friends had the Illinois filet and Nebraska strip and were equally happy. The maple glazed pork belly was incredible. I couldn't convince them to get the bone marrow flan so we had the crab and shrimp Louis. It was ok but I wouldn't recommend it.For sides, the fingerling potatoes were very good and the mac and cheese is worth the $21. Two sides was enough for three people. For dessert I had the chocolate souffle. It was outstanding. The raspberry filled doughnuts were excellent as well. I sampled the black forest cake but wasn't too impressed.This place is for special occasions and I'm glad we tried it. Oh, and get the pretzel bread when they bring it around.
5	Ambiance: 4. Cut got me interested in writing a review for the first time in a long time. As far as ambiance goes, it does lack that "wow this is special feeling" you get from special views or environment's (I'm thinking of Bartolotta @ Wynn, Hugo's Cellar downtown in particular). However, Cut more than makes up for it through the service & food.Cost: 3. When I'm Vegas, I have a tendency to ignore menu prices altogether and I hope most of you end up doing the same.  Cut's expensive, just like the rest of Vegas' Strip restaurants are.  Accept it for what it is, and hope blackjack goes your way.Food Quality: 5. In the "what's your last meal alive scenario", I always think of myself as more of a seafood person.  That said, Cut surely makes me rethink my preference.  Filets, Rib Eye, Steaks we all got were outstanding (across the board, from the basic 8 oz filet to 35 day ribeye).  Some in our party also did the Sirloin tasting, which is probably one's best option looking back to be able to try a few different items.  Sides & sauces were all exceptional.  The questionable: appetizers. Crab & Carolina shrimp was great, but felt like others we ordered were more average, mainly the oxtail/bone marrow dumplings and tuna tartare.  All that said, if you avoid the appetizer minefield you're in for a real treat.Service: 5. We never had problems getting drinks almost immediately, two in our party were late and the staff was more than accommodating, and our waiter was very knowledgeable on best menu options for individuals.  In other words, we didn't get upsold on more expensive wine/steaks at any point and the service was very accommodating. A+When to return: Special occasions, steak craving, or after a big Vegas win streak.
1	Not going here again. Especially not for the steak. The prices are too high, the food is too mediocre. The appetizers here were much better than my pretty tough wagyu beef.  If you're into expensive tapas/appetizers, it's not bad here, but if you're into steak, there are much better places to try in New York or San Francisco (Harris for one).I'm giving it such a low rating because this place screams "marketing hype".
5	Couldn't have asked for a better eating experience!  From the moment we walked in, we were treated like royalty.  Fabulous appetizers, salads and the steaks are unbelievable.  Service was impeccable, very attentive, friendly and knowledgable.  I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone....
4	Amazing steak and other food, but be prepared for a slight bit of wallet shock.I made reservations at CUT back in May while visiting LV, but due to an unfortunate bout of illness (DO NOT EAT DUCK FRIED RICE FROM THE BELLAGIO POKER ROOM)  that required hospitalization, I was forced to give my reservations to my friends. The next day, visiting me in the hospital, they raved about the quality of the steaks, being from overseas. I knew that next time I was in Las Vegas, I would need to go.What luck that several weeks later my boyfriend did extremely well in a WSOP event, and we returned to Las Vegas and made another reservation at CUT for mid June.We were seated a booth with a leather tables and service was quick and prompt. We knew we wanted steak, but my boyfriend and I have very different tastes in wine, so the sommelier came over to help us with the (very) awkward iPad wine list. She helped us pick just the right wine that met our desires. After ordering our wine, we got down to business. For appetizers, we had the Kobe sashimi and the Roasted Beets with goat cheese. They actually balanced quite nicely, as we knew we had a lot of meat ahead of us. For our main courses, I chose the American Wagyu filet, normally 6 oz, and added an extra 2 oz for extra. I love Kobe filet for it's melting butter like quality, and this cut was no exception. It was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and it was the quality and taste I would expect for a $130 steak. My boyfriend chose the New York Sirloin tasting that consisted of the dry aged American sirloin, American Wagyu, and NZ Wagyu. He ordered it rare and it came slightly over rare (which is acceptable, because these cuts were THICK) and they were epic. Just meaty and buttery at the same time. My steak-loving boyfriend was in heaven. For sides, we had the mac & cheese, and spring peas with bacon. To be honest, we didn't eat much of those as we focused primarily on the steak, but both were good - also rich and bacony! After some excessive meat consumption, I saw a souffle float by to another table. I had to dig deep down, but I never regretted the chocolate souffle. It was rich but airy at the same time. I didn't even look at the other desserts, but it was one of the best I've had. The small little cookies and tarts were a nice little treat we had wrapped up to-go that went nicely with our coffee for breakfast the next morning.The service was extremely attentive and water refills/bread requests came quickly and discretely. (Yes, the bread was that good too). My one disappointment is the overall atmosphere. The overly slick design and mirrors everywhere made me feel like I was in an HGTV show instead of a restaurant.  When I think steakhouse, I think a little more comfortable and a little less "sleek." That said, I also deplored the amount of  people taking pictures...man people, don't use flash in a restaurant, I like to eat my food without blinding. If you're so consumed by where you are, please avoid me at all costs.Overall, I recommend CUT if you have money to splurge but you'll be sure to enjoy your meal.
5	Perhaps the best meal I have ever eaten.  Not a cheap meal by any stretch of the imagination, but definitely worth it.  Delicious steaks, fantastic service, and a classy ambiance make this a fantastic restaurant.You'll probably want to make reservations at CUT.  We happened to be walking by to eat at different restaurant and just stopped in to see if they had open seats - which they found for us after a few minutes - but I'd imagine that this is not the norm.  Collared shirts and nice jeans / slacks are standard wear, but since this is Vegas, there were several people in t-shirts and shorts.Each table had two waiters to keep us satisfied.  They would recommend specific cuts of meat and sides to go with what we were looking for, and not just the most expensive items on the menu.  When the meat came out it was on a plate by itself; an impressive reminder of what was the main point of this meal.  The sides were scooped out afterward by the waiters onto our plates as they described all of the ingredients that went in to making that dish.Didn't make it to dessert, but they let us take away some of the food we didn't finish, which made for a delicious snack after a night out.High Points: Grab two or three friends so you can share side dishes and appetizers.  They're delicious, rich, and you'll want to sample all of them, so go with a group and try a bit of each.  Even the lesser-priced cuts of meat are still phenomenal; I can only imagine what the Wagyu steaks are like.  Try the mac & cheese; it'll blow your mind.  Creamed spinach was also very good.Low Points: Your meal will be over $100 without trying very hard.  The corn side dish was nothing remarkable; avoid it in favor of tastier sides.
4	Came here for a bachelor party dinner and our experience was generally positive! This place does things a little backwards it seems. Or I would say the deficiencies are in areas you would not think they would be in.  For instance they took our reservation for 16 and then when we showed up said that we had to sit at two different tables.. which the bachelor was not happy about... Then our table was a round table and it was so rickety. If anyone touched it, it would shake violently. They gave us bread and after we finished eating the bread they decided to bring out the sauce to dip the bread???? And when we asked for more of the pretzel sticks to eat they never brought them out. After 3 separate attempts of asking for them and them apologizing they still never ever brought them???The little easy things were all wrong, that's what surprised me with this place.What about the food? IT WAS AMAZING!!!! I had the 16oz bone in Filet Mignon at the waiters suggestion and it was amazing. Cooked perfectly, soft and tender and had an amazing flavor. I tried the Australian Waygu Kobe beef that the bachelor ordered and it was unreal. It was so tasty.  The mac and cheese, fingerling potatoes, mashed potato puree and corn niblets were top notch! I had a 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon and it was very tasty as well. I spent about $110 after tax and tip and it was well worth it.Now if they can only get the simple easy details right... Like NOT having a rickety old table in a high end dining establishment.
3	Most. Expensive. Steak. Ever. For that price, I wish I could have seen them kill the cow or something? I mean it was good.. but was it THAT good? Hmm.. nope.  Have I had better for less?? Hmm.. Yep.
4	The ambiance and decor are modern and inviting. The service staff is dedicated and on the ball. The food was not the same cookie cutter crap found in alot of Vegas hot spots. The food was well cooked and tasty. The portions were good for the price. Got the Filet med well. tender and delicious with there own sauce. the dessert was a decadent chocolate suflet. I would have skipped the extra chocolate sauce and ice cream.
5	Came here last February.  No reservation, just walked in on a Saturday night.  Of course no tables available, but we were lucky as there was a love seat table in the bar area that was open.  So my date and I were seated there.  We ordered very simply... no wine, no alcohol, just an appetizer of pork belly, a side of mushroom/peppers, and a bone-in, 39-ounce American Wagyu rib-eye for 2.  Pork belly was good, mushroom/peppers were beyond excellent!.  The rib-eye was utterly fantastic!  We got it medium rare and it's a LOT of meat, but it's like butter.. just melts in your mouth...  The only downside of getting it medium rare for that much meat is that it's so much meat you gotta eat it quick or else the middle pieces get a bit cold.  Perhaps eat the middle pieces first and eat the outside pieces last.  Anyway, it was an awesome relaxing dinner... we were right by the entrance so we could enjoy ourselves, have good conversation, enjoy the food, people watch, be the envy of all the carnivores walking by... etc.  Service was great... they gave us some free chocolate snacks at the end.  It was expensive, but because we didn't order any alcohol, it was only $280 total.  Best date ever!
4	Service was phenominal and the Wagyu is the best piece of meat I've ever eaten.  The wine list on the ipad was cool, since I have one, it was easy to navigate.  The somlier was really cool and learned a new way to pour wine.  My only complaint and the reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is that the meat is way overseasoned.  If the meat is tender, juicy, and flavorful, don't ruin it by making it too salty with all the seasoning.  I kept having to take a bite of bread with the meat because it was too salty.  Generally a good experience.
5	WOW -UNBELIEVABLE-AMAZINGIf you can afford an $80+ steak....please go!  A+++ for the food and the professionalism!  Seriously, the more money you spend here the better the food gets.  The best steakhouse experience I have yet to encounter.Wagyu Ribeye   A++Kobe short ribs slow cooked in an Indian/Moroccan sauce  A++Wine List  A++Thanks to Chip at the bar for his suggestions!!
5	First day in Vegas and we marched to dinner  completely tipsy.  My friend and I walked our drunk asses IN STILLETOS  from Paris and all the way to Palazzo. Its still a blur how we managed that journey but dinner itself was unforgettable.I booked a 6:30pm reservation that morning and was seated promptly when we arrived. Suzie and I both sat in our cozy booth and selected 3 appetizers, a steak and a dessert. FOOD:Bone Marrow Flan, Mushroom Marmalade, Parsley Sala: Our favorite! Delicious, creamy and full of flavor. Absolutely divine!Maple Glazed Pork Belly, Asian Spices, Sesame-Orange Dressing, Dancing Demon Plum Compote: mmmm mmmm finger licking good! It was delicious and the meat was mouth watering and moist.Big Eye Tuna Tartare, Wasabi Aioli, Ginger, Togarashi Crisps, Tosa Soy: Delish!  It was refreshing, lightly crispy and a great balance to our other two, heavier appetizers. I love wasabi aioli!U.S.D.A. PRIME, Illinois Corn Fed, Aged 21 DaysBone In New York Sirloin 20 Oz* - One of the best steaks I had and it wasnt even wagyu. As usual I love my steaks rare and it was perfectly, juicy and like butter when it hit the knife. I'm still dreaming about it right now. Raspberry Stuffed Doughnuts, Dark Chocolate Sabayon, Raspberry Stracciatella- Nothing special. Wish I ordered something else. It was a bit plain for my taste and I'm a sucker for donuts.SERVICE: We had excellent customer service and our waiter was professional, personable and an overall very chill guy. None of that prententious bs.  In conclusion, everything but the dessert we selected was delicious. I will definitely make an effort to come here every time I visit Vegas. Im coming back for the bone marrow and steak!
5	I was expecting a lot from Cut on my visit and they sure did meet my expectations. The service alone was enough to receive five stars! Every time I took a sip of water, a server would refill my glass. I felt like a princess! The steak was delicious and the sides equally as great. I wasn't sure what to expect with the creamed spinach with fried egg, but it was wonderful. I have gone to quite a few fine steakhouses, but none with as great an experience as Cut.
5	Wow this will be short & sweet and to the point. Im sure all foodies alike have had an eye on Cut. Of course I have. Don't know why I opted to go for it in Vegas, but alcohol makes you do strange things. So me and my friend decide to make reservations like an hour before they closed :0 They had no problem with it, it was actually a lot of party's doing the same the hostess  said, so that was a pressure relief  to know that we wouldn't be getting swept out by the busboys as soon as the meal hits the table. I like the Ipad menu, I thought it was seriously the shit! I played in it for at least 10 minutes before really viewing the menu. So onto the food before we ordered our server for the night, who happened to be the manager, explained the preparation of there steaks, he said they're all soaked in olive oil for 2 days before hittin the kitchen, then they sear it and finish it in the oven, He  then said you wont see blood and a river of juices run out the  bad boys when you slice them because they let it rest when they take it out before serving it to you . It was some bleeping damn good meat!!  For an appetizer we had the "Warm Veal Tongue, Marinated Artichokes, Shelling Beans, "Salsa Verde" I did not enjoy this one bit, like I couldn't even stomach it honestly, I went to the restroom and wanted to stick my finger down my throat, but I didn't know if it was the food or the lava brewing pit of alcohol in my stomach having a bad reaction with the ingredients? My friend loved it, she ate it all so it must of been me?For the main course I had the 35 day aged petite cut filet mignon and my friend had the 28 day aged Rib eye. As a side we had the creamed spinach with fried organic egg . The steaks here are definitely gonna be ranked between 1 through 5 on my best steak I've ever eaten list. I actually liked my friends rib eye about 4 times more than my delicious felit, and since the rib eye was so huge she didn't mind sharing with me at all! Thank Lanz! the creamed spinach was really good pretty rich but delicious.To top off this beautiful meal the manager sent us a desert out on the house, that was a super 5 star thumbs up!! The infamous "Banana Cream Pie, Fudgesicle "Ice", Chocolate Sauce, Valrhona Pearls " this was slamming my taste buds around like a UFC bout was goinng down in my mouth, so many different textures and layers as you eat it and the little pearls of chocolate were rockin..... Mmmmm  just thinking about it makes my mouth drool!
3	i could go on and on about the food and the service here - which were excellent by far - but the two things that stand out in my memory of this place was that they made me pay for ketchup (yes, i know sinful in a steakhouse!  but hey, i like to red juice my meat!) and bottled water when in other places this would've been complimentary (i mean jesus, it's not like their steak is so cheap!).  it made me feel like they wanted to squeeze every last nickel and dime out of you.  plus even though we had a reservation and the place was empty they first sat us at the bar so we could order some drinks first.  i noticed the people before us and after us had the same thing happen.  i didn't want to drink any alcohol so i just waited until we were seated which was like 20-25 minutes after our reservation.  to say i was perturbed would be a nice way of putting it!  i told my friends it was like they wanted to make more money off of us by trying to get us to buy alcoholic beverages while we waited.  i am by no means a cheapskate but this was the first time where i went to a "classy" restaurant and felt this way.  it made me disgruntled about the experience.
3	Service was good, food was mediocre.  I have pretty high standards when it comes to steaks and when I'm going to a "good steakhouse" and paying 50+ dollars a la carte I expect a certain level of deliciousness!A lot of people rave about this place which was why my expectations were so high.  The steak was good but not amazing.  It was probably a little better then the kind of steak you would expect to get at a place like this.
3	I was expecting an incredible dinner and an equally fun ambience. What I came away with is 100 percent of the ambience and over priced, decent food, but not Morton's for sure if you judge the steak.The atmosphere is a riot. We started in the bar as we waited for our seating. The place was very cool and happening. We saw men and women dancing on tables. The drinks were really expensive. I can't remember what I paid, but cocktails as I remember it were around$ 20. Heck It's Vegas.
5	Disclaimer:  Our reservation was coordinated through a mutual friend and GM of The Source, a Wolfgang Puck restaurant in DC.When we were in Vegas a month ago for the cigar convention, we had heard from a ton of people that we had to try CUT.  We got a reservation and decided to hit the bar beforehand.  The bartender was incredibly polite and had a real good time talking to him.  We tried some new shots and had some excellent Manhattans.The GM/Host let us know our table was ready.  After being sat, and introductions, they showed us their wine list, which is on an iPad.  It was very easy to pick the Bordeaux that we wanted (2005 Chateau Gracia).  While we waited for that, we put in an order of appetizers (Maryland Blue Crab and Jumbo Shrimp Crab Cake and also Pork Bellys).  Both were excellent, but I could have eaten that crab cake all day long.Our wine was brought out exactly as it should have been.  Presented to the person who ordered it and then poured to the others from there. Myself and a friend ordered the 28 day Rib Eye, and our other friend ordered the Wagyu. For sides we had the squash dish and I think potato something.Crumbs from bread never lasted long.  Someone was always there refilling glasses or cleaning the table.  We knew a lot of people that week and many stopped by.  The staff took notice and never attempted to interfere or rush us to the next part of our meal.  A good friend from a neighboring table decided to buy us a bottle of wine, and once again the iPad menu came out.  The wine can be pricey, so I simply opted to choose a region and allow them to choose the wine.  The Waitress was accommodating and polite throughout the process informing the gentlemen we had chosen a Bordeaux.  The bottle we received was a 1999 Chateau Leoville Barton which went excellent with out meal.Needless to say, between the Manhattans and the wine, we were all feeling a little good at this point and perhaps even a bit loud for the restaurant.  That being said, we were never asked to be quiet or leave.   Later two desserts were brought to our table that we did not order, we're still unsure if these were from the chef or from our friend who we had been at the bar with and had since returned.I have never had such a beautiful meal or wonderful service.  The gentlemen who took care of us most this night was Pasquale, when I return I will definitely request him.
4	I'd give a 3.5 stars...and since I had a great weekend overall, I'll round up :)Pros:-Service was EXCELLENT.  i  went with a group of 14 and it was so neat to see the coordinated plating of the steaks.  the waiters would all come out at once, look at each other, then BAM. steak is served. water glass was always full and the waiters were very knowledgeable of the menu.-Their pretzel roll is sooo fricken good. I had 3. It was like a pretzel..but in a roll. :P soft and chewy.-maple glazed pork belly is soooo melt-in-your-mouth yummy!  It's drenched in duck fat and had this really awesome plum compote...PERFECT!-bone marrow flan with the mushroom (i forget if it is mushroom confit) soo tasty! :)-wine menu on the ipad---fancy schmancy!Room for Improvement:I had the ribeye nebraska cornfed for 28 days...to be honest the steak wasn't as "WOW" as I had expected.  their appetizers and sides were amazing though. I was expecting it to be more tender and melt in your mouth.  Also expecting the seasoning to bring out the taste of the steakmore.Overall...not the best steak I've had but overall good dinner experience.
5	I came here for my 30th Birthday with a few of my buddies.  The service was outstanding and the cuts of steak were amazing.  Cut provides twig like bread sticks and bite size cheese balls prior to your meal which were delicious.  If you don't order the mac and cheese, then you are a dumb ass and should not be there.  First restaurant I saw that used an Ipad as a menu, very fancy.  After we finished our delicious meal, we went ho hunting, as expected when you are vacationing in LV with a bunch of cunt hungry gentemen.  A restaurant that is a "cut" above the rest (yes, the pun is intended - if you don't' like puns - FUCK YOU!).
2	Extremely, extremely over-rated.  Given the price points, quality of meat, and what I expected based off of reading reviews, I am very disappointed. I found their steaks to be lacking in true flavor aside from just salt. They charge for sauces (which is ridiculous). I split a rack of lamb with someone - and bone in new york. The new york was tough all throughout the cut and full of veins. I had a tough time chewing through it. Maybe we just got a bad cut, but it was NOT a  good piece of meat. The rack of lamb I asked for medium rare, but came out closer to rare and also was a bit chewy. Others in our party ordered the ribeye and seemed to enjoy it. We ordered a variety of side dishes, none of which i thought were anything special. Maybe we just got a bad CUT, but CUT didn't CUT it for me.
5	I'm no expert, however, this was just spectacular.  We were celebrating a birthday and it all started at the bar.  The bartender was friendly and made me something really good with pisco sour in it.  Our server was very, very good too.  My steak was outrageous.  My husband ordered something that brought 3 different types of meat and that was out of this world as well.  Their Mac and cheese is worth every delicious calorie and mashed potatoes were a close second.  The whole experience was fancy, delicious, amazing and well worth the large bill at the end.  So, so worth it.  :)
5	We had our first dining experince at Cut this past weekend and it totally lived up to they hype.  I've never had a steak cooked more perfectly.  The yukon gold mashed potatoes, roasted carrots with artichokes and sauteed spinach were simple yet delicious.  Our waiter provided us with excellent service and I love that their menus are on an iPad 2!
5	Two years and 15 more visits since my last review proves in my mind that Cut is the Pantheon of steak.  The Kobe steak sashimi with spicy radish garnish is a perfect way to sample the high quality of the beef.  The fat literally melts in your mouth.  Their take on a steak tartare with herb aioli is equally good.  A modern redo of a classic.  Finally, the bone marrow flan is to die for.  (I really like the veal tongue but don't want animal activist to think I'm heartless).Now the beef.  This is a true steak lovers paradise.  All of the steaks are beautifully aged, trimmed.  All are prime and above.  All steaks are at least partially grilled over charcoal for the perfect bitterness.  The steaks:-  Illinois corn fed aged 21 days - Good beef flavor.  Bone in cuts are better.- Nebraska corn fed 35 days - Deep beef flavor. Very nutty.  Strong umame.  Not for everyone but outstanding if you like very good aged beef.  The rib eye is the top pick.-  American wagyu - Truly outstanding.  Tender and buttery.  The cuts are small but with the incredible richness, more than enough food.  Do not order this beyond medium rare or it dries up and is a waste.  The rib eye is the most flavorful cut.- Australian wagyu - Wow. Nuff said.First time visitors should try the tasting of new york sirloin.  It offers an outstanding selection and gives the opportunity to try different super grades of beef.Finally, the braised short ribs deserve special mention.  If you want something different, this is it.  It is Indian spiced so a bit different but absolutely fall of the bone tender.I have never tried their sauces, toppings, or sides.  Naked steaks are best to me.The wine list remains extensive.  Prices are good.To those wanting the absolute best in beef, Cut is without a doubt it.
4	While I expect things in Vegas to be kinda fake, this place was elegant and and foodie worthy.  We had a few nice appetizers that were presented beautifully and tasted just as good, as well as the stake samplers.  The steaks were great, I have to say the wagu tasted good but not that different, I have always have heard it would be drastically different, but this was not the case, it was not from Japan, so maybe that's the case. We also had a great bottle of wine that the waiter helped us choose.  The bill for the 4 of us was a whopping $800 but good thing this was a business trip and it was all expensed:)  I'm not sure I would come back on my own dime, it was good but not earth shattering.
4	Beautiful restaurant- wine and cocktail menu on an Ipad 2Tuna Tartare appetizer was good.... I'm not trying to let the high prices of Vegas influence my review but I would say it is overpriced...Cheapest Filet Mignon- STILL DELICIOUS! $50 steak, tastes like creamy, meaty ecstasy. Fingerling potatoes- just whatever. waiter recommended them.. I don't know why.Cocktail drinks were strong and good.Wine presentation was beautiful.Staff is fantastic!! They let me make as many dirty jokes as I wanted to with no sour faces. It made the evening very enjoyable. Who doesn't like dirty talking cousins? haha
4	We came here to celebrate my 30th birthday during our Vegas trip.The place really is beautiful and the service is impeccable, although our main server was a bit stuffy.  The pretzel roll was amazing and we asked for more of those.  Husby and I shared the pork belly, which was succulent and porky.  The maple gave it a bit of sweetness to cut the fattiness.I also ordered the 9 oz wagyu ribeye with bone marrow and creamed spinach.  It was very rich and had an incredibly smooth texture.  The bone marrow probably was a bit too much for the wagyu, to be honest.  The onion rings were thin and crispy, while the spinach was decent.  I tried Husby's bone-in ribeye but it was not cooked medium-rare and it was a bit tough.  I would have expected a much better cut of meat for the price.  The wine was also marked up way too much and I didn't receive the wine I ordered.  However, the wine I did try was not impressive.For my birthday, I received a free half baked alaska dessert and thought it was terrible.  I cannot imagine that particular dish is famous because it tasted very bland.Overall, I'm not sure it was worth the price but it was a lovely experience.
5	As always, exceptional service and exceptional food.  I just need to remember to ask for; fine grind and less pepper on my NY rather than course grind, heavy pepper.  It burns and me no like...so I have to scrap it off....the potato puree is so silky smooth and sweet...makes me feel in love....the mushrooms are awesome too.  I love their chimichurri. The dessert we love time and time again is the banana cream pie....OMG! orgasmic....
4	We ate here on Friday evening of 7/01/2001.My meal:Drink: Crown and 7Starter: Maple Glazed Pork Belly with Asian Spices, Sesame-Orange Dressing and Dancing Demon Plum CompoteEntree: 8 oz Petit Cut Filet Mignon, medium rare, with a side of Wild Field Mushrooms & Japanese Shishito PeppersThe Maple Glazed Pork Belly was tender, crunchy and delicious.The Filet was tender and juicy.Bf's meal:Drink: Crown and 7Starter: Maryland Blue Crab & Carolina Shrimp "Louis" Cocktail with Spicy Tomato-Horseradish Entree: 8 oz Petit Cut Filet Mignon, medium, with a side of Fingerling Potatoes, Smoky Bacon, Pearl OnionsThe decoration has a little too much glass and wood for my taste. We got seated at a table way too big for just 2 people. I like that the waiter presented and explained to us all the cuts of steak for us to choose from.My only complaint is that my steak was cooked a tiny bit too done for being medium rare. When our steaks were served, we cut them in half to check for doneness but they were so similar that we couldn't decide who actually got the med rare.Total cost: $250+. Delicious food and nice experience overall but not sure if worth the cost.
5	Full disclosure: I have had a massive crush on Wolfgang Puck since I was little - something about the food and that adorable accent - so I was massively excited to try this place.We each ordered a salad to start, and I had the fresh burrata cheese with prosciutto di Parma, apples & Black Mission figs with micro arugula. I have had innumerable similar variations to this - prosciutto and melon, mozzarella and prosciutto, etc... but this was the single best version I have ever had. Fresh, salty, sweet perfection.My husband had the heirloom tomato salad with Humboldt Fog goat cheese, white anchovies, and Tuscan olive oil which he seemed happy with. I wasn't paying much attention, frankly, as I was absorbed in soft burrata goodness.We both ordered the American Wagyu filet mignon - which was FANTASTIC - along with sides of luscious potato puree, and creamed spinach with fried egg (cut in by the server tableside). Jasper ordered a green peppercorn sauce that he never ended up using because the steak was so flavorful. I had some creamy horseradish sauce that was divine. Next time (and there will be a next time) I'd like to top my steak with a bit of bone marrow - yum.I'm pretty sure that we had chocolate souffle for dessert, but I can't really remember.  That steak was just so darn good!
5	First of all, I don't eat meat so I can't really give a critique on their steaks. So, why would a person who doesn't eat meat review this place? Well, because not everyone eats meat and because I can and I want to. But on the real, regardless, meat eater or not, you gotta try CUT.The restaurant itself is so chic, the decor is beautiful as well the menus (I have a thing for fonts and paper, fyi); hell, even the staff is nice to look at :] No but forreal, the staff is really nice and are there for everything. Yes I mean everything; they do the whole pull your chair out, put the napkin over your lap thing. I wish they'd feed me next time LOL The bathrooms are really nice too! The only gripe I have would be about those wooden floors; they're slippery as hell. Now on to the food. The variety of bread they offer is off the chain; the focacciaa was frikkin amazing! I ordered the "Butter Lettuce, Avocado, Point Reyes Blue Cheese, Champagne-Herb Vinaigrette". Okay, yea, I'm the first one to say "salad is just salad" but this salad is not just a salad. It's like the most epic tasting salad I've had... ever and I've had my share of salads. Everything was just like butta' melting in my mouth: so creamy and velvety.  Prety much it was really FRIKKIN GOOD! All the ingredients were really fresh and the vinaigrette and cheese were delicious. And damn the water was good too. So no complaints.Pricewise, like other people have said expect to pay somewhere between $100-$175 per person. I didn't spend nearly as much because I just got the salad and a water.All in all, the experience and food were exceptional.
3	We went to CUT to celebrate two birthdays on August 31, 2011 and we had a rather large party of 15.  Our table was ready and set up beautifully for our large group, and the staff was extremely friendly.  My date and I ordered a salad for an appetizer, two filets, and mashed potatoes for a side.  The salad was ok, the steaks were over cooked and we had ordered them medium and they were well done and the potatoes were also ok.  All of the people in our party that ordered steak agreed that it was all overcooked.  Our uncle ordered the bone in ribeye medium rare and actually sent his back.  He told them to simply sear it on both sides and it still took about 10-15 minutes, in which the rest of the table was getting close to being finished with their meal.  When I made the reservations, I notified the staff that we would have two birthdays and they made a special complimentary dessert with their name on the plate, which was a nice touch.  In addition, when I also told the staff that we would have separate tickets and they informed me that it would take an additional 30 minutes, once the tabs were handed out.  That was definitely a true statement.  I feel like the meal/restaurant is overpriced for the quality; however, I gave CUT a 3-star for the staff.
5	One of the best dining experiences I have ever had - ridiculous service, ridiculous food, best steaks you can find anywhere (lots of Wagyu selections).  Expect to have a very memorable dinner, but also expect to spend $400+ for 2 people.  Highly recommend the pork belly appetizer and the Wagyu USA raised rib eye.
5	Nice!!There are many difference selection of beef!!All tasted good, especially the Kobe
4	The food was wonderful. I had the wagyu which melted in my mouth like butter. Service was excellent. It was a bit pricey, but a great experience.
5	One of the best steakhouses in Vegas -- which is saying something, in my opinion.The drinks in the bar are absolutely outstanding. The appetizers -- including the beet salad, asparagus, heirloom tomato salad, and the Louie (all of which our table had).The red wine list is good but very pricey -- very pricey -- even for Calfiornia. And I don't feel like there was really a focus on the part of the Somm to get a reasonable mid-range wine-list that is consumable, it goes from a bunch of stuff in the $100-$150+ range to $600+ to $3500+. Which is a bit of a jump.The steaks are, simply put, outstanding. The quality of the meat is exceptional and and the sides are each a complex combination of flavors that make for a really interesting meal.All in all, worth going back again.
5	One of my most memorable meals in recent  memory. The strip is littered with a bunch of restaurants, respectively owned by their own celebrity chef. With so many great dining choices, how does one go about choosing a place to satiate their appetite as well as tantalize their tastebuds??? Being that I was in Vegas for my bachelor party, I didn't find this dilemma too challenging. I figured...I'm with the guys so let's do steak and martinis. With my objective in mind...I set out to find a steakhouse worthy of our patronage. After considering such places as Craftsteak, N9ne, and Delmonicos...CUT was the restaurant that won me over. Such decadent offerings as the braised pork belly and bone marrow flan is what ultimately lured me here. We missed our 7pm reservation because we missed our flight out of SFO. We arrived in Vegas a little past 7 and considering it was a Thursday, I figured that it might be slow enough for them to squeeze us in on a later reservation. So I call the restaurant and they are able to accommodate us with a 9:30 reservation. My first impression was "Awesome!," because I was so looking forward to eating here and would have been been a major let down if I wasn't able to. Given that this place closes at 10:00, I was worried that we would be rushed through our meal and quickly ushered out of the resturant, and that the whole experience would be ruined because of it. Much to my pleasant suprise, it was quite the contrary.Service was stellar from beginning to end. What we had to eat...Appetizers: Braised pork belly - this was delicious and wonderfully fatty without being overwhelmingEntree:14oz aged ribeye with bone marrow topping - one of the best steaks I've ever had. Seared perfectly on the outside with a light char and a juicy pink medium center. There is a generous amount of bone marrow and it is rich, fatty, and flavorful. Each bite of my steak would be accompanied by a piece of marrow. I found this delectable and euphoric at first, but after awhile it did get a little too rich for me. I still loved it however, and highly recommend it.CUT was my first experience in Vegas of fine dining and with the number of high class restaurants, each with their own prospective celebrity chefs, my expectations were high and I'm glad that CUT did not disappoint. Food, ambience, and service were all meshed seamlessly. I'll be back most definitely.
3	Came here for a birthday dinner celebration.  No doubt the steaks are prime quality.  Could have been seasoned a little bit better for my taste.  The extra $2 for sauces is a little tacky for a high end restaurant.  Honestly, the sides are mediocre except for the onion rings. Best I ever had!  I believe the side dishes at Maestro's are tops.  Desserts were average; had the chocolate souffle and banana cream pie.  Service very snooty; you pay $1450 for dinner, I expect some rapport with the customer.  For the money, I think you can do better at other steakhouses eg Maestros.
4	I've been meaning to try this place and finally did last week.We were actually trying to go to other places last minute with no reservation but that was a no-go so we end up coming here since there was no wait and we were already staying in the Palazzo.Well we spent about $300 total for just my friend and I. We got a few complimentary bread appetizers. I ordered a beer. The drink menu given to me was an iPad. The waiter straight up gave me an iPad as a menu--that was a new experience.Anyway, we ordered 2 steaks and a couple of appetizers. We got the Maple Glazed Pork Belly, the Bone Marrow Flan, a Filet Mignon, and the Australian 100% Wagyu beef steak (the most expensive thing on the menu). Was it worth it? I guess so. To be honest it kind of tastes like a regular steak. You really have to concentrate on it to taste the difference in quality/texture/etc. I'd recommend getting any quality meat rare as possible. If it's truly a high quality cut of meat, then the rarer the better because you'll get the true taste of its origin and chances of developing some disease from undercooked meat is very low.We got no dessert.Right before we went in the restaurant my friend would a quick $100 on blackjack so it wasn't a hard decision to get the $150 steak.
5	Facts:  I'm from Texas. I know steak.Apparently, so does Wolfgang Puck.  The ambiance is chic with a touch of classic rock and roll (we heard Pink Floyd, the Stones, Elton John, etc. while eating which was a nice touch).  As a side note, ladies be careful; like many of the newer Vegas restaurants, the floors were slick wood, and I had to be assisted multiple times when walking to and from the table in order to avoid an embarrassing CL fall.Cut is one of the best steakhouses I've visited, food wise, and I can honestly attested to the fact that everything is good.  I can't speak for the flan, but do yourself a favor and get the steak tartare and the jalapeno margarita to start (obviously not together).  My husband and his brother both ordered the petit cut filet, which was good, buy I got the American Wagyu filet, and the only word I can come up with is amazing.  The steak was so good that I barely remember eating the sides (for the record, the mashed potatoes and mac and cheese were also delicious).All in all, Cut is pricey, but well worth it for any steak-loving foodie.
5	one word. WOWdecor of this place is so awesome. so modern and chic. prepare to dress well, or you will feel naked amongst your peers.service is impeccable.they roll out a steak cart (to show different cuts) and have different types of complimentary bread.cheese bread is A++anyways, I ordered the NY strip steak 14 ounces. omg, best steak i have ever eaten. perfectly cooked and so delicious. i mean it was $59 bucks... but well worth it.prepare to spend $100/head for dinner here.
3	I used to frequent Cut a lot, but for some reason, I feel that the quality of steaks has decreased over the years. I think a lot has to do with the amount of seasoning that Cut puts on the steaks, a little too much for my preference. I've had good and bad meals at Cut and I think it really has to do with the amount of seasoning that I get (even when I ask for less seasoning). The rib eye is really good and so are many of the other steaks that I have had here. I've been to Cut for birthday parties (large groups which they can handle) and with small groups. Cut is definitely on the higher end of the steakhouses in Las Vegas as it is in the Palazzo Hotel and so the cost per person is higher than some of the other steakhouses that I have been to. Service is great and very attentive, although the one time we tried to bring a bottle that we wanted to open (for a birthday, it was a bottle of Johnny Blue Label), they wouldnt let us open it. Overall,  a good steakhouse, but there are better places to go in Las Vegas.
5	Excellent carpacio and great pretzel bread before the meal.  The pretzels went really well with the mustards that they bring with the steaks.  I don't think the steak needed any condiments.  I ordered the Wagyu (grass fed) 6oz filet mignon with wasabi mustard, he got the USDA (corn fed) 8 oz filet topped with mushrooms and Armagnac and green peppercorn sauce.  They do blacken the steak which may put they temperature a little higher than what you're used to.  I got med rare, and could've went a little less, he was happy with the medium.  The meat was so tender and juicy.  I don't think paying $20 more for the Wagyu was worth the flavor, but it's nice knowing the cows were fed grass.  We picked the brussel sprouts with bacon as the side, the bacon chunks were pretty big.  We ordered a bottle of pinor noir from Oregon which went really well with the meat, unfortunately I don't remember the name but I can recall the label.  We finished with coffee and split the "baked alaskan" which had a raspberry sorbet and a chocolate cake. They also give chocolates and brittle with the bill.The service was outstanding, the atmosphere was wonderful.  Though this wasn't the best steak I have eaten.  The experience was fantastic!  Reservations are a must on weekends.
5	I would not eat steak anywhere else besides CUT...Once you go CUT you can't go back!! Best steak I've ever had. It just melt in your mouth.
5	The best meal I've had in my life! Started off with the beef sushimi which was full of flavor and wasn't lacking a single thing. I just wish I ordered two! We also go a chop salad which was good as well for main course I had the wagyu ribeye which was perfectly seasoned and seared excellently. The wine selection was great we had a bottle of Pinot grigio and a malbec with great profiles. Service was on point and I don't think a meal or experience like this can ever be duplicated. Thank you wolfgang puck.
5	On the basis of strong recommendations, we chose Cut for my wife's birthday visit. I can say that it lived up to my expectations: if you only have one steak this year, you'll want to order it at Cut.I opted for the three-course tasting menu, which gives you the chance to sample all thee types of beef. Once you get to the hybrid or Waygu portions, you won't be able to look at the USDA choice the same way (it's sort of like flying first class). Our side was the brussels sprouts, and I started with the beet salad. Dessert was strawberry stratageliata and a chocolate fudge brownie. I'm not a huge dessert person, but these were phenomenal.About the only thing that detracted from our meal was when a party of six kids dressed in shorts & spray-on tans was led to a nearby table, and we noticed one of them was carrying a six-pack of Coors which was consumed during their meal. Yes, I get it that Vegas does not adhere to strict standards of etiquette, and this group probably had more money than Croesus, but it put a damper on our dining experience. For the amount of money that one pays at Cut, I would think the bar could be raised a bit higher.
3	Whenever I'm in Vegas, I always like to eat at a nice restaurant. This was my choice one year. We had ordered for appetizers was the bone marrow and maple glazed pork belly. These were amazing. Melt-in-your-mouth goodness!!!! And for our entrees, I had ordered the 8 oz. filet mignon/American Wagyu while my bf ordered the "A tasting of New York sirloin". We both requested med-rare as how our steak should be cooked. As for the sides, we had the wild field mushrooms, creamed spinach and broccoli-rapini. And of course, a bottle of red wine(I don't remember what it was). When our steaks and sides arrived, I was excited to cut into the steak and taste the wonderfully crusted meat but to my surprise, I was disappointed and didn't like my steak at all. I like my steak crusted but not burnt!!! I didn't touch my steak for the rest of my meal but I did enjoy the wine and the sides we had ordered. I can honestly say that I will not be returning. That's only based on my steak alone bc the service was impeccable.
5	I've had a lot of steak in my life, and I had the best one ever - here at Cut!  The whole experience here -- pure butter.  WOLFGANG PUCK is a genius!Beautiful place.  I was in a party of 4 for a special occasion.  We were given a table in the back, where it was a bit more quiet so we could chat with each other.  From the moment we entered, friendly and warmly greeted...and our server was super GREAT.  He, along with the most amazing steak EVER, made this a very memorable evening for all of us.I ordered the 10 oz Petite Filet - OMG - seriously, it's cooked in butter and herbs and each bite completely melted in my mouth in both flavor and tenderness.With choices of cuts, sizes, and aging, the selection can be a little intimidating.  Don't be afraid to ask for your recommendations!  As with most other steakhouses, it's a la carte.  Great sides accompaniment and I liked everything we ordered: Herb french fries, wild mushrooms, creamed spinich, and brocoll-rapini.  The wine selection is fine and wide, with many choices by the bottle or glass.The only other memorable part are the prices, ranging from $50-$120. It is definitely HIGH, so make sure you are having a good day at the tables!  But seriously, this is one fine dining experience.  For the quality and service amply given, and in Vegas -- I would never question dining here based on price.  Next time in Vegas, I am so going back!
4	I love the ambiance and decor here. The booths are spacious and comfortable. The service here is magnificent. Everyone is very attentive, friendly and helpful. I'm not sure if this happens often, but we kept getting free small samples. Our server brought what I think was a small pao de queijo and two pieces of chocolate throughout the dinner, which was really nice/neat of them. We had the golden apple salad, which was refreshing and light. We also ordered the tuna tartare which did not seem very fresh and I would not recommend. While they offer other entrees, their steak selection is glorious. They have wet aged 21 days, dry aged 35 days, cows from all over the country and even from Australia. Personally, I think wagyu beef can taste too gamey so i don't really prefer it as much (I know I am weird). I really love a good bone-in rib eye so that is exactly what I ordered. Because it was wet aged and bone in and prime, it was super greasy and juicy. The meat itself was cooked to perfection. Slightly charred on top and very juicy medium rare prime meat on the inside. I didn't order a side, but I think this is where you should get potatoes to soak up all the juice or you save your bread to eat along with the steak because the meat itself and the juiciness can actually be too much after a while. I ended my meal with the chocolate souffle which was very rich. I really enjoyed my meal here, but I wouldn't name it one of my top favorites only because I didn't really care for much else on the menu. Steak alone great, everything else ehh.
1	Very overrated. I will keep this short because my visit to CUT was over Labor Day weekend so it's been a couple of months, but what I do remember is a restaurant which goes off primarily its name and association with Wolfgang Puck. The interior decor is an attempt at being modern and trendy, but fails to impress. Even the bread sticks are a little bizarre - they are long and straw-shaped. You break them off at the ends and eat it like a biscuit. The service was very good, though I've had better at a competing establishment on the Strip.My biggest complaint is that I got very sick the next morning from my steak. It couldn't have been anything else because I did not eat for the rest of the night afterward. I ordered the Kobe beef selection which was $80 more or less. The portion was small, but filling enough with the sides and complimentary chocolates added in. I will give the guys at CUT credit where it's due - they were able to get my steak medium-rare, exactly as I had ordered. However, my stomach was in bad shape when I woke up several hours later.. I will spare you the details of what happened next. Overall, this was a decent experience that was marred by tainted food.
5	Wow! Where do I begin. I left Vegas days ago and I'm still raving about this place. The 16oz rib eye I had was the best tasting steak I have ever had in my life. it was tender and tasty, like nothing I have ever eaten before. They give you a few different sauces to try, but all you need is a little bit of sea salt and you're good to go. It doesn't come with sides, but you don't really need them. Also, the service was excellent. We had a few different people waiting on us, bring us bread and drinks. Kind of pricey, but very well worth it and a good place to take a date.
4	So torn between 4 and 5 here so, give CUT a 4.5.  Went there with a group for my birthday dinner on an early November trip and was really looking forward to it.  Overall, was not disappointed at all.  I started with the tuna tartare appetizer and it was really delicious.  Ultra fresh chopped tuna, topped with some thinly sliced avocado and pressed into a circular mold.  Not sure what exactly the sauce drizzled about the plate was but, it matched the tuna perfectly.  As I sampled tastes from everyone else's plates, it was clear that all the dishes were very well conceived.There are a number of aged cuts of prime beef from a variety of sources.  I chose a 28 day (I think!) dry aged NY Strip from Nebraska.  While it was very flavorful, this is where the .5 knockdown comes.  Just a wee bit past the medium rare I ordered.  At these prices and with Wolfgang Puck's name attached one certainly expects absolute perfection and this was a very slight misstep.  Normally, I would have sent it back but, we  were trying to make a 9:30 show so, that was not an option.Overall, I would not hesitate to return although I think next trip, I'll keep trying some of the other pricey steak joints in Vegas.  What the hey.... I like variety!
5	The best mac n cheese ever!I took my mom to Vegas for her birthday and she wanted to go out for a nice steak dinner. I asked for a recommendation on Twitter and CUT was the first restaurant to come up. The service was amazing, you make a crumb with a breadstick and it's quickly cleaned up. The food was amazing, I recommend both the brussel sprouts and mac n cheese as side dishes. The wine menu was extensive and presented on an iPad so it was a bit easier to go through and find a great wine. The restaurant is a bit pricier than I'm used to but for the occasional treat on a special day, it's well worth the cost.
2	Steaks were extremely expensive and did not taste much better then what I had at an all you can eat Buffett the night before!
4	Loved Cut! Ate here on 11/25. Got the American Wagyu Ribeye and at $88 it was the best steak I've ever eaten. Based on yelp reviews, I was concerned about getting my medium rare and voiced this to our waiter. He assured me it would be fine and the steak came out beautiful. Unfortunately no pics as I was intent on getting that baby in my stomach. We got the creamed spinach, Yukon potatoes, and Brussels sprouts. The creamed spinach with the runny egg was my least favorite and I could've done without. But also consider I like my Brussels sprouts. There are a good variety of wine by glass and ranging from $14 to $25. You order on an iPad which was cool but really unnecessary. I finished my entire meal but not without some meat sweats and groaning as I trudged back to our room. Minus 1* based on price. Also in Vegas, there's always another steakhouse.
5	WOW!! I am officially a fan of this restaurant!! A week after going there, I'm having major cravings of all the food I tried there. If funds were not an issue, I would eat here every week.The place itself was nice, chic, a little upscale but not too stuffy. I liked the decor though it was a little dim (i like to see exactly what i'm eating!) We got a few complimentary treats - first, 3 little cheddar cheese cracker things ( one for each of us.) They were good but it was kind weird because they were so small and kind of tasted like those little goldfish crackers. There was also a bunch of these long, skinny, crunchy breadsticks. They were ok.  We were also able to choose from different breads that they had. I chose the pretzel bread and the focaccacia. They were both really good but the pretzel was especially good with this spicy horseradish mustard sauce they had. It might have been a wasabi mustard. I don't remember but I know that it was very good!!!The menu was a little intimidating, as I am not exactly a steak connoisseur. Our server tried to explain the menu and how they cooked the steak but I had no idea what he was talking about and I was also not really paying attention. We opted out on the appetizers to keep our bill down but regretted that when we found out our steaks would take 45 minutes before they were ready. I decided on the USDA PRIME, Black Angus Beef 12 oz. Ribeye from Creekstone Farms in Arkansas City, Kansas - Aged 28 days ($58)  with chimichurri sauce on the side, which was a couple bucks. My boyfriend ordered the NY Sirloin - 8 oz. American Wagyu / Angus "Kobe style" Beef from Snake River Farms, Idaho ($85) and his brother ordered the Australian 100% Wagyu Beef from Oakleigh Ranch, Alexandria, NSW. 6 oz Rib Eye ($145.) We also got 3 sides - Yukon Gold Potato Puree ($12) French Fries with Herbs ($12) and Cavatappi Pasta "Mac & Cheese" - Quebec cheddar ($21).So here's the breakdown - My 12 oz Black Angus Beef Ribeye dominated my boyfriend and his brother's steaks. It was massive. So if you are super hungry, that would be a great option. I ended up giving a lot of it to them bc I couldn't finish it. Anyway, I ordered a medium- well and I should have paid attention to the server because it came out more done than I would have liked. I later learned that all the steaks sit an extra 10 minutes which makes it a little more done. I should have had it done Medium instead. So it came out pretty firm but it was still absolutely delicious!! There was so much flavor in this steak that I didn't need the chimichurri sauce at all. The flavor from the steak overpowered the chimi sauce!! I didn't taste my boyfriends American Wagyu NY Sirloin but he said it was very good and he was happy with his choice. Now the best thing on our table was the Australian 100% Wagyu Beef Ribeye.  I was very lucky that my future brother in law shared his steak with me. It was honestly one of the best things I've ever tasted in my life!! My mouth is watering thinking about this steak. I've never had Wagyu beef before but after tasting it, it makes any other steak seem so average!  Wow - literally, I cannot even describe this steak. It was so rich and buttery. It really just melted in your mouth. I'm going to make a plan to go back and order this buttery goodness to myself  in the near future.And now the sides. The fries were ok. Pretty good but we barely ate them so next time we won't be getting those. The mac and cheese was delicious!! It came out way too hot and burnt your tongue but it was very very good so I didn't care. lol. The potato puree was phenomenal. It's in my top list of best mashed potatoes EVER next to Old Homestead's garlic mashed.  So yeah, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that loves a good steak!! It was a little pricey (with a couple glasses of wine and soda, tax, tip and all it came out to well over $500 for 3 of us.)  It was worth every penny!!!
3	Maybe I was overly excited. Then I was overwhelmed. Then I wasn't too impressed. The steak was good, but I've had better at Ruth's Chris. We also ordered the lobster which was a good size. But to have to order lobster at a steak house? Is that even ok? I would order the mac and cheese and french fries.  Tuna appetizer was ok, but the Kobe Steak app was better. I will only come back if I get a gift card.
2	Horrible service ! Waiting 20 minutes for drinks.....missing bread sticks on one table . Had to ask for water....never got the breadsticks ....first round should have been on them for lack of efficient staff. Stay there all the time but won't be back to that restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Every bit of what a Vegas steakhouse should be. Little bit trendy, terrific service and mouth watering, lip smacking buttery morsels of charred cow parts. Mmmm..We had a pork belly appetizer that literally melted in my mouth. Not even sure how they cooked it.. slight BBQ flavor. At the table I ordered the Tasting of New York Sirloin which included a true piece of Wagyu.. those beautiful striations of fat were clearly visible. I've been getting annoyed with bait-and-switches elsewhere.Sides were very good but nothing *that* memorable.
5	Some friends  and I were in Vegas last weekend for Julie V. birthday. We all decided to dine at Cut to celebrate! Cut was a great experience. Probably one of the best steaks I have ever eaten.Upon arrival we were quickly seated. We have a reservation for 9. The service was great. They are very attentive and helpful. They even took the time to bring out some of their Wagyu Steaks for use to see prior to ordering. They are helpful in explaining the differences in the meat quality.The food was great. I ordered the American Wagyu Ribeye, which is a hybrid between American Angus beef and Wagyu cattle. The was one minor problem in that some of our steaks were cooked over. We all ordered Medium Rare and a few came out closer to Medium. However our server quickly replaced our steaks with new ones. And to be honest the overcooked steak still tasted great. I seriously contemplated just eating the steak. But ultimately decide to ask for a new one, considering it cost $90. When the replacement came the meat was just delicious! We also ordered a large selection of sides, which are served family style. I loved the spinach and the onion rings. The only side dish nobody really liked was the Potato Tarte Tatin. It was a bit on the salty side.Overall great experience. I look forward to dining at Cut in the future. In terms of meat quality, it far surpasses anything I have had. In the future I really want to try their 100% Wagyu Steak.
4	This place is extremely pricey, but it is a must try if you're a steak fan. I'm not a big fan of Wolfgang's restaurants, but this is my second favorite Wolfgang restaurant (Spago being my favorite)First off, I must compliment the service. Our waiter and all of his helpers were extremely attentive and were able to make great recommendations - which was helpful since we didn't know what to order. I ended up getting the american wagyu filet , and my boyfriend ordered the beef tasting they had (it was about $140, for three very small, but very delicious pieces of meat). The steaks were great. I highly recommend getting the beef tasting that my boyfriend ordered because then you could compare between the different kinds of meat. I believe it came with a piece of pure kobe beef, Australian wagyu, and then one other cheaper cut.  We also got some sides. The wine list was very extensive, but our waiter was able to recommend some great wines. The one we ended up ordering was seriously the best wine I've ever had (I'm extremely sad that I can't remember the name of it!)Anyways, if you have $400 to blow on dinner then go here!
5	Everything is good. And I say this because we nearly got everything offered on the menu!I split a porterhouse steak and ordered it extra rare. It was basically seared on both sides with an extremely cool (so, yeah almost cold / raw!) center. It melted in my mouth like butter. I sampled my friend's rare American Kobe ribeye steak and declared it *overcooked*. How can I ever go back to having normal steaks again? Sigh.Let's see....Mac and cheese, delicious. Polenta, my favorite side. Brussel sprouts, blue crab & shrimp louis cocktail, tuna tartare...all exceptional. The Kobe beef sashimi was freaking out of this world and I would probably kill someone for another bite of the Date Cake. Oh and did I mention the House Made Steak Sauce? It's heaven in a dish. Normally my appetite wanes after a few drinks but even after 4 Umami's, I managed to clean my plate, sample our 5 desserts AND polish off a cheese plate. Can you say gluttony? The service was really attentive, and everyone was so nice and accommodating. A definite must-do in Vegas!
4	EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!Had a 6:30pm reservations for Christmas eve and was placed at the best seat in the house. We overlook the entire dining area, had a table for 6, for us two, in an area with huge dining table and lounge-y corner... LOVE IT!!The waiters are super helpful and  knowledgeable about the menu. Very good at explaining the meat cuts and were very attentive... Definitely one of the best service we have had in a very long time!For food, we ordered the kobe beef sashimi, tuna tartare, my bf had the steak tasting and i had the american wagyu mignon... and to top off we had bone marrow and potato puree as side... Everything was WOW, the tuna tartare had avocado on top which really works well and kobe sashimi.. YUM!!!.... The steaks were really good, melts and yummy.....except the bone marrow makes the steak a little too greasy (personal choice, shouldn't have gotten it! but that's my thought).... Lastly we got the banana creme pie... never had it, but loved it... we got 1 to share, should have really gotten 2!! haha.... Wish Wolfgang opens up CUT in NYC!!! would love to make another visit!!
5	Wow, this is as good as a nice steak can be.  Highly recommend "Testing New York Sirloin" if this is your first time eating here.  One of the best stead house I have had in my life.  Love the wine selections on the menu.  Can't wait to go back again when we are in town.
5	We had dinner here on 12/17/11 ..Steak Lovers Heaven !!! If you love steaks this is the restaurant to come while in Vegas. It is pricey but worth every penny..  Nice cocktail menu.. creative mixologists at work...I had the asian pear martini and my hubby the traditional ketel one martini a little dirty..  for appetizer the pork belly is a must try.. it is cruchy on the outside and buttery tender in the inside..perfection.. the butter lettuce salad it's amazing.. if you can believe that a salad can be amazing you should try this one.  With an array of choices from the meat menu could be quite intimidating but the servers are highly trained to help you make the best selection.  I chose the bone in petit filet mignon and my hubby tried the kobe filet both charred to perfection on the outside and buttery in the inside.. melts in your mouth.. WOW !!! worth every penny.. for sides we had the brussel sprouts and the spinach both excellent and for dessert the fig cake with gianduja ice cream YUM !  Please do not let the name Wolfgang puck confuse you .. this one is one of his best restaurants.. way different to Spago..
5	DELISH!!!! I came here for my birthday dinner with a party of about 10. The service was great and everyone was really helpful and friendly. It's a bit pricey but you pay for the quality. As the appetizers we ordered the Bone Marrow.. yummy! The pork belly was to die for! It melted in your mouth the minute it entered =P *drools* just thinking about it! The salads were pretty good as well. Nothing exotic about it. I ordered the Australian 100% Wagyu steak. It was a 6 oz. steak. Make sure to order it medium- rare but tell them more on the rare side. No need for any toppers because it's perfect the way it is. Totally worth it! You have to order the sides separately. We ordered about 4-5 different things which was perfect for a group of 10. We also got one complimentary side from the server. I can't wait to come back to Vegas to eat here! =]
5	I have to say the real star here is the service. From the start with the phone call we received asking about any allergies or requests we knew the service would be great. It continued throughout the whole meal. Our server Michael ensured my girlfriend had nothing that could make her sick and made excellent recommendations, but didn't really push towards anything extra. Everything was handled without us needing to ask for anything and our whole meal was a real joy.It's tough to say the food takes a back seat, because it is truly amazing as well. The tasting selection is great, because it's tough to choose from all the delicious cuts offered. Our steaks were prepared perfectly and each side dish was a great compliment.If you're in Las Vegas and looking for an amazing dining experience, you need to check out Cut.
5	Best steak i've ever eaten is the petite cut tiler mignon at CUT! The meat just melts in your mouth. Sides I tried:-- roasted baby beet salad-- tempura onion rings-- creamed spinach-- Mac and cheeseI highly recommend all of these! My mouth is watering just thinking about all the delicious food.
5	2nd visit just as great as the first. Get the American style Kobe from Idaho and you will be happy. BEST STEAKHOUSE IN VEGAS!
3	The atmosphere and service were top notch but maybe it is because I'm from Texas but this steak was just steak.  I got a Nebraska raised ribeye and it was nothing more than a ribeye I can get here in Houston at a reputable steak house.  It wasn't a terrible experience but it sure wasn't top notch like the prices are.
1	If I had gone to the Outback or the Sizzler, I probably would have given this place 4 stars.  But at $75-$150 per steak (plus extras), I expect a significantly higher quality.  I didn't get that.  I had a steak that was ok, not prepared exactly to my liking, and quite a bit of gristle and tendons/ligaments.I like my steaks to be prepared rare.  And by rare, I do mean rare.  That is a cool to warm red center.I ordered the 16 oz. bone-in filet mignon.  It came out somewhere between medium-rare and medium.  After a couple of bites, I complained to the waiter.  Rather than offering to replace the steak with one to my liking, he explained that their unique cooking process drained all of the visible blood from the steak, and so even if the steak appeared to be overcooked, it was in fact rare.  Perhaps I was too polite, and should have called bullsh*t on the spot, but I accepted his explanation and continued to eat the overcooked steak.  It was not rare.  It did not taste rare.  And no matter what kind of magic Wolfgang Puck thinks he can work with special cooking techniques, a rare steak should look like and taste like a rare steak.While most of the steak was fairly tender - as you would expect a filet mignon to be - there were areas of tendon, ligament and gristle which were simply impenetrable by the standard steak knives they offered.  Since my complaints were already rebuffed once, I chose not to complain again.  I'm sure Wolfgang's mignons would have had another excuse to offer.Service was good, and the side items were good.  (The wild mushrooms to top the steak were well worth the extra $12, and were perhaps the best part of the entire steak).  The wine was also good, although I prefer to be handed a more traditional looking wine list, and not an iPad where I have to navigate the various screens.There are plenty of top notch restaurants in Las Vegas that are worth $300 for a dinner for two.  This is simply not one of them.
5	Ladies and Gentlemen. I think I may have had the best steak here.
5	ummmm yeah, it's the nuts.....
4	Based on bar only.  The Vesper rocks!  Thank you Lindsay Whipple.
5	I have been to almost every high end steakhouse in Las Vegas including here twice, and this place is probably the best in the city. The service is second to none, and the food is excellent. If you are looking at prices, this is not the place for you, but if you are looking to splurge a little and have an excellent experience, get after it!  My GF and I shared an appetizer, a steak, and a dessert because we knew we would not finish our own, and we had one of the best dining experiences we could have imagined.  The wait staff is very polite and will not rush you through a meal like many others do. *Note, if you like Ruth's Chris, you may not like this place because the meat tastes like beef instead of butter. If prime rib is your favorite, this is probably not for you, but if you like a real steak, this is the place to be. The beef is always perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection. I would not recommend getting anything that is cooked more than medium rare because they may not know how to do that. Real steak should be eaten rare to medium rare... not medium or well. Also, we had the most memorable dessert ever. It was a baked alaska as recommended by our waiter. I walked out of here wanting more and I can't wait until the next time i get to put that succulent piece of red meat into my mouth!Try the bone marrow appetizer. it is to die for!
2	Nothing but regret for not choosing Craftsteak. We came here for my birthday dinner after drinks at Lavo and were extremely disappointed.  Don't get me wrong, the food was delicious.  I especially enjoyed my steak and martini.  However, the service was atrocious.  We waited a good hour before our dinner came out after ordering it.  We had ordered drinks during this hour (about 10 minutes before our steak came) and the drinks arrived 20 minutes AFTER our food came out.  So we had all this delicious food with no drinks available.  My cousin prefers a glass of wine with his meal and I prefer a martini.  We were all nearly done our meal by the time the drinks came out.  That ruined the dinner for me alone.  Next time, Craftsteak it is!
5	I love CUT in LA and before a night of drinking and partying I needed fuel to get me through the night. I knew CUT in Vegas would live up to my expectations. We decided not to order our normal appetizers and entrees and try need things. After a long debate we ordered the warm asparagus with poached organic egg, blue crab shrimp "Louis" cocktail, bone in rib-eye, pan roasted lobster, and mac and cheese. Everything was AMAZING except for the lobster. It was suppose to be 2lbs but it looked like a 11/2 lb (We sell live lobsters at my family restaurant). The lobster was not tender, it was chewy and that could be because they over cooked it a little. It was edible but I will never order it from here again. Do yourself a favor and eat here if you have not been here before.
5	The best service I have ever had. Excellent steak sampler plate.
5	This was my second time at CUT and it was just as great as my first experience. This time I tried:The American Wagyu Porterhouse -- This is a LARGE steak. I think it was like 32 oz. I ended up splitting with one of my friends. But I can definitely eat the whole thing myself if I wanted to. The filet side was amazingly tender. Unfortunately it was literally like 2 bites. The New York portion was also very flavorful and juicy!Other things I tried were the Mac and Cheese, Brussels Sprouts, Creamed Spinach, and Fries. I'd say that the Mac and Cheese and Brussles Sprouts were my favorite. Seriously the Mac and Cheese is amazing. I was also able to try a bite of the Kobe Steak Sashimi, which was delicious. It melts in your mouth. The only complaint was that the sauce was a little salty, but overall a great dish.On thing to note based on my 2 experiences at CUT is that they tend to slightly overcook the Ribeye steaks. On both occasions anyone who ordered a Ribeye (Medium Rare) commented on the fact that it came out closer to Medium. It not too big a deal since they are totally willing to accommodate, either offering a new steak or removal from the bill. I think often times they try to bring the steaks out all at the same time and with the Porterhouse being much thicker, sometimes the ribeye comes out a little over. Honestly the steaks are so tender and juicy it really doesn't make too much a difference. Despite this little flaw, CUT is still one of the BEST steaks I've ever eaten.I still look forward to trying the 100% Australian Wagyu Beef. One day I shall return and try that!
3	Restaurant was beautiful and staff was nice. Service was good too they were very attentive. The food I thought was ok. If I could i'd  give them 3.5 stars. I had the wagyu center ribeye med-rare and it was presented Rare. I asked it to be refired and it came back better but rare.  Granted was a thick cut but it's a expensive steak joint so it should be perfect. Also the use a 5 spice rub on their steaks that i did not like at all. The waiter did mention this upon ordering, so I thought try it. I am picky when it comes to steak and am weary of steak rubs on prime/ wagyu steaks. Sides were pretty good we had the onion rings and mac n cheese. Sides were plenty for 2-3 people. They get the extra half star for the dessert. I had the berry cobbler...delish! Overall it was good but prob would not go back.
5	Carnevino and CUT are in a league their own.  Everything here is stellar.  Nothing is left to chance.  Everything is done deliberately.Make sure to reserve a table - you may not get in.  This place is popular, and if you are price-shy, it may not be for you.  Fair warning - the prices are ridiculous.  And for anything Wagyu, the prices are ridiculous X2.But the quality apparently cannot be beat.  We have never had a bad experience here.  The service is flawless.  The food the same.  The meats are awesome (but truth be told, the steaks at Jean Georges - at Aria - are easily on par at a lower price).Alas, you have the Wolfgang Puck cache here, and despite the horrifically uncomfortable booths (ask for a table - we insist on table over booth), it's worth a back pain to eat this food.The sides are just as wonderful.  Rings, fries, potatoes in every way, veggies.  Bring your third mortgage.  You will need it.  But it just may be worth it.
5	This is my favorite steak house in Vegas.  I always get the tasting of the new York sirloin, side of shishito peppers and wild mushrooms, the Mac cheese is good also.  For an app I really like the crab n shrimp cocktail.  The pretzel beard is delicious with their seasoned butter. Pricey but well worth it.  Perfect for eating solo at the bar.
4	Very good meal. Liked the cocktails, loved the tuna. salad boring. had australian waghu beef - excellent, husband loved short ribs ... great roasted cauliflower side dish. desserts ok not bad not extraordinary. also VERY loud and very COLD . bring layers and expect to yell across the table to be heard (we were party of 4)
5	This is the place for steaks!  they know their stuff.  It is ridiculous expensive - $60 for a petite filet, without sides.  But it was delicious!  Don't miss the cheese puff pastry that they bring to start and the pretzel bread with appetizers was out of control tasty.
5	Australian rib-eye.  I can't describe how marbled, flavorful, and amazing this cut of meat was.  It ain't cheap, but it is truly worth it.  Beat any NY steakhouse in recent memory.Service was top notch, food was excellent, ambience was perfect.
2	Everything is ridiculously salty. :( From the drinks, the bread, the meat. I was definitely not impressed. The plates come garnish free, sauce free, etc. Your plate literally comes in with a big chunk of meat on it. And yeah we ordered sides and sauces that got served to us on our plates... but everything just felt so slapped on. I've been to way better steak houses. The ambience was nice, though, and the waiters were as well.
1	DON'T GO HERE IF YOU ARE ATTENDING A SHOW THAT NIGHT!!!!  We had been in contact many times before the day of our reservation with the restaurant, letting them know we were attending Phantom of the Opera (which shows in the Venetian, so close by the restaurant) that evening.  We were originally not even going to eat here becuase we thought it may be too much of a time crunch, but were talked in to it by the hostess on the phone, so we consented and made a reservation.  So multiple times they had it in their notes that we had to get out in time for the show.  Then night of reservation, we let the hostess know again on our way in that we were seeing the show later and also let our server know.  And unfortunately, we ended up missing our show, and out over $500 in show tickets, on top of over $600 we just spent on dinner there.  So a +$1,000 evening ruined and frankly wasted!!!  I've been trying to get the manager to call me back to see about getting some kind of compensation as the restaurant caused us to miss the show, and they will just not be considerate and get back to me.  I talked to him once, night of after the fiasco happened and he said he would "assess" the situation and get back to me, and has yet to do so, and we've tried calling him 4 times since, and no return phone call each time because he's "too busy."  So my recommendation, if you want a nice meal out (like we did) before seeing the show, go elsewhere!  **If you see this CUT, it'd be nice to get a call back and get something figured out...I'd be more apt to leave you a better review!**
1	I had a terrible experience.  The walls are all concrete and everything echos intensely loud.  My steak was meh, and it was like a $100 steak!  I expected everything here to be amazing but was let down.
3	Environment  was sleek and appealing. I would like to give them 3.5 stars but i can't on here.SERVICE...You want for nothng you think it and they read your mind. We are accustomed to high end restaurants and the service here was PERFECT plus !!!  Benito our server was on the mark 100% of the time.Appetizer. Lobster and Shrimp Louis. As good as it gets. Could not have been fresher or tastier in any way. Perfection on a plate.Sides. Mac & Cheese Gratinee...Again as good as it gets. Perfect blend and taste throughout.Peas with ramps and sunchokes....again perfect in every way. A unique side dish full of flavor and texture.Desert. Banana cream pie...there is none better ANYWHERE. this is a must.Steaks: NY Strip and Kobe Filet....Well to be honest they were good not great. They were nice size steaks with decent to good flavor and tenderness. BUT CUT THE SALT BY 99% and it would have been much much better. It was inundated with salt. So everything else was very very good. The steaks drpped the experience for us.
5	Thought Vegas couldn't compare to the steak in the east coast. I was wrong. Amazing meat and appetizers at cut. Staff is nice and you feel great eating at this fine dinning restaurant.
5	My boyfriend took me here for our 21 months anniversary celebration. The food and the services are GREAT!! They started by giving us the cheese sticks, and cheese balls. They were so delicious :D and then they offered breads after we ordered the food. The breads are different and the butter were so unique! They taste so good!! We ordered the starter - Kobe Steak Sashimi. It was great and the meat dissolve in the mouth. Though I think it was a little too salty. We ordered 34oz "Kobe Style" Porterhouse steak $190 as the main course and creamed spinach with fried organic side on the side $12. The spinach was creamy and goes well with the steak. The steaks came with chef's recommended of sauces, my boyfriend liked some of them but I prefer no sauce :DEverything was delicious and my boyfriend and I really enjoyed the dinner. The services were good and professional. The entire dinner come down to about $290 or $300...It is expensive but it was totally worth it!! I would go back again once I have money! :D
3	My hubby and I was very excited to the Cut since we are steak lovers, but we werent disappointed or happy with the food. The steaks were a 6 on the scale of 1/10. This is 10 being the best, now I had better Rib eyes and New york strip at a regular 2 star restaurant. I would go back for the ambiebce, and give them a second chance with the steaks. Far as the service is was wonderful Pasquale was our waiter and I appreciated all his information about the steaks.
5	SERVICE/AMBIANCE:-Impeccable, as you would expect from any 5 star steak restaurant. Love the decor inside this location and the Beverly Hills one. High ceilings w/ minimal furniture. Lovely.FOOD:-TASTING OF NEW YORK SIRLOIN - Three of their best cuts served in small portions. CUT used to serve Japanese wagyu, but now it has been replaced with Australian wagyu. I'd say its comparable. The most rich flavorful steak you will ever eat.
5	Oh Las Vegas, the city of do-whatever-you-want. We were hungry by 5:30 so we picked up a dinner reservation around that time.The service was excellent. We asked for the sommelier to help us pair wines with our food. She was incredibly helpful and mindful of our requests and tastes. We'd see her a couple times before the night was over; she poured our bottle and also later on when we asked for her help again with dessert wines.The food was amazing. Our first course was the Tuna "Toro" Tartare with spicy crisps. It seemed somewhat of a waste to take delicious toro, the most sumptuous and fattiest part of tuna, and slicing it into little bits rather than eat it 'pure' with a tinge of soy sauce and wasabi. But it was worth it! As for the steaks, we elected to try the tasting plate with three different types of the same cut. The fats melted perfectly and they all had great flavor, distinctive from each other.The sides, potato puree and honeyed root vegatables, were phenomenal.For dessert, my date and I came to an impasse. A delicious impasse. He got the chocolate souffle and I had the banana cream pie. The pie tasted like air, incredibly yummy tasting air. It was so light! All in all, the experience at Cut was really great. What made it was the staff. Throughout the night, we had a few different people other than our server check in with us. We had the opportunity to chat with them too. I always appreciate that they take the time to do that.
5	A Cut above the rest. Impressions:I was fortunate enough to have some spare time in Vegas during a bachelor party to take a break from debauchery and get my steak fix here.  Every time I step into Cut  the culture of the restaurant is prevalent in each one of it's staff members. You will receive prompt  and very cordial service from the beautiful hostess staff.  The wait staff is extremely knowledgeable in their menu and their confidence in their preferences is much appreciated.  They really listen to what you desire to feast on, and will work with you to find what's best for that occasion.The Meal:Breads-  I tried two of the many breads they had to offer, the focaccia was a bit to soggy for my liking so I only took a bite and placed it aside, BUT the pretzel bread bites they offer are pretty amazing.  You know the feeling you get when you spend 10 dollars on a pretzel at a ballgame and you feel like you are chewing on a rope?  Eating this pretzel at Cut will make you regret eating any other pretzel rendition of any type in your life.  If pretzels were like Highlanders and there could only be One, this would be it!Sides- Onion Rings-Being from Texas I love all things fried, the onion rings were good but I was hoping the cut of the onion would have been bigger.  The presentation was beautiful as they stacked the onion rings on top of each other about 8 inches into the air.  The tempura fry worked well with the onions as the batter was light and the salt was melted into them. Nothing to go crazy over here.Brocellini- typically I order some sort of a grilled asparagus variation to accompany my steak into my stomach but I wanted to change it up and try something different.  The brocellini was sauteed and came with a few sun dried tomatoes and it had a mild vinaigrette drizzled on top to  cut some of the sharpness of the vegetable.   It looked as good as it tasted.The Main Event- I selected the 20oz. aged bone in rib-eye and it did not disappoint, this is my go to choice for steak due to the good fat content this cut has.  If you like your steaks on the rare side be wary because this cut will be extremely rare more towards the bone due to the nature of the cut.  I was recommended to get the steak cooked at a medium rare and it was fantastic.  The steak was seared perfectly on both sides and it was cooked consistently throughout. I got the bone marrow as a compliment to the steak and they give you an ample amount, using it as spread accented each bite perfectly.Do yourself a favor and the next time you are in the City of Sin, get yourself a piece of Heaven at Cut.
4	Ate at Cut on a Thursday night when I had 7 buddies in town for the NCAA tournament.  The food, as most of the yelpers indicate, was fantastic.  We got an array of appetizers, the pork belly was probably the run away winner.  The majority of us got the dry aged ribeye, which is smaller than the other option.  The flavor is much better on the dry aged version, it's worth the extra price and losing a little in terms of the size of the steak.  The service was excellent.  We never were wanting for a wine pour and our water glasses were never empty.  I will say that Carnevino is my favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas, with the riserva ribeye being my favorite steak ever.  This is also located in the Palazzo.  But, Cut is excellent, right up there with any steakhouse in the city.  If you are at Venetian or Palazzo, both Cut and Carnevino are highly recommended.  Keep in mind, Cut is expensive, so plan accordingly.
4	Yes I'm a meat lover.  Call me a caveman, I just love to eat a big juicy steak.   Being in Hawaii we are a little limited to steakhouses but I have been to most of them at least once.  Morton's, Hy's, DK's, Ruth Chris, and also other with steak like Kincaids, Shoreside Grill, and even Ruby Tuesdays.  Well, you get the jist.   I normally will opt for a Ribeye whenever possible and then maybe a NY or T-bone.  I like my meat to be juicy and have some fat so I normally don't get a filet.Being we were heading out for Vegas I wanted to have a date night with my wife and get a good steak.  I asked my friend, who is a seasoned chef.  He lived and worked in Vegas for some years after grad-ing from the CIA and working at the Greenbrier among many other accomplishments both abroad and at home.  I figured he'd be the best person to ask for an honest opinion.  He recommended a few places we could try but said if given the choice we should go to CUT.  That sealed it, CUT it was.  I checked Open Table to see if I needed to book way ahead but it seemed like we should be fine booking a day in advanced.  Great considering we hardly know where we will be in Vegas day to day and hour to hour.  Once we were out there and could plan our schedule, we were able to lock down a reservation that would work for us.We headed out a little early not know how long it would take me to find the parking garage and not know how far we would have to walk to get from the parking to the restaurant.  CUT is in the Palazzo hotel.  Parking was a breeze.  They had a guard asking where you were going so I guess maybe they restrict the parking to guest and customers.  We found a parking pretty close to the elevators which is amazing for a Vegas Casino.  Needless to say we had some time to explore before going to the restaurant.We had a reservation at 9 and got there about 10 minutes early.  They were pretty packed.  They didn't have a regular table open yet but did offer us a table off to the side in the lounge area.  We decided to wait for a regular table, not wanting to miss out on the whole steakhouse experience.  We did go to the bar to kill our 10 minutes.  One think that irritated me at the bar was when I asked the bartender what kind of beer they had he immediately stated that they don't carry anything domestic like Bud Light or Coors.  Did I f**king say that's what I wanted??  All he had to do was provide me their drink menu, which is on an iPad for customer use.  Snooty bartender,  he should be happy I payed for those drinks with my total bill and didn't have to tip him separate.Once seated we had the best service.  Our waiter was Chip and from what we saw, he was probably the head waiter as he was directing most of the other workers as he did his job.  He was very knowledgeable about their menu offerings and offered in-depth descriptions about everything they served.The menu was a head turner.  They had so many things that sounded delicious.  One of those places you wished you were with a large party so you could sample more.  We decided on the Warm Asparagus, Poached Organic Egg, Warm Bacon Vinaigrette on a focaccia bread as our appetizer.  Along with that we also got  to pick from their selection of homemade breads and also got a couple or long parmesan coated breadsticks and butter puffs, or something like that.For the main dish my wife got the Indian Spiced Kobe Beef shortribs which they slow cook for 8 hours.  They were very succulent and rich.  They had a distinct Indian flavor but not too overpowering.  It was also not very spicy at all.  The meat was so tender it was almost falling off the bone.  It was actually too much for my wife to finish.After Chip had explained the different lines of meats they carried I was sure I would need to get their sampler to get the best taste of what they had to offer.  I got their "Tasting of New York Sirloin Sampler".  It came with a 4oz of Snake River Farms American "Kobe" style beef, 4oz USDA Prime 35 day aged, and a 2oz of Blackmore Ranch Australian Wagyu.  It also came with a medley of different sauces and spices I could add to it.  None of which I needed to use.  They season their steaks with sea salt and black pepper.  It was seasoned perfectly so that the saltiness and pepper was not too overpowering and let the flavor of the beef shine through.  It tasted amazing.  And to be able to taste these 3 different lines of beef side by side really made it easy to see and taste the difference in quality.  All being top notch but clearly easy to rank.  Might make me come back for more Australian Wagyu on a future trip.  We also got a side of their mac and cheese that was suggested by the waiter.  Talk about rich and creamy, definitely a grown up mac and cheese.If you ever are in Vegas and in search of a great steakhouse.  Make sure to put cut on the shortlist.  You definitely won't be disappointed.  Happy eats!
5	CUT is what I envision a steakhouse in heaven would be like. In fact, if and when I get to heaven, if there isn't a place like CUT there, I will be extremely disappointed.We went here for a friend's birthday dinner. We had a reservation, arrived on-time, and were seated promptly. The waiter was extremely knowledgable and attentive. He explained the menu thoroughly and answered any and every question we had. His recommendations were great and his overall demeanor was friendly and nice. When our food arrived he was joined by several other servers who dished out our sides. The overall presentation and service was very good - I felt quite pampered :)Now onto the main thing - The Food. AMAZING!! The cheese puffs were delicious, as were the breadsticks. The pretzel bread was wonderful too. But the main course was a grand-slam. There were 4 of us, we each got a different cut of steak and we were all in love with what we ordered. We each got a side to share, and I loved them all, especially the macaroni and cheese but MOST OF ALL the creamed spinach and egg. I was the one who ordered the spinach, based on what other Yelpers had said and that dish did NOT disappoint!!! It was fantastic, and I wouldn't have ordered it had it not been so highly rated by others on here, so thanks Yelpers for helping me step out of my comfort zone and try something new there. By dessert I was too full for much else, but we got a banana something? and a lemon something? - sorry, I'm being super helpful here, I know - but both were good. But nothing compared with the main meal. It was out-of-this-world delicious.I should note, here that there was one negative - our waiter forgot our friend's salad. She brought it to his attention, and he apologized and offered to bring it out with the meal, but she declined. But I noticed on the bill that he comped us our desserts, which was a nice touch.The bill came to roughly $450 or so for the 4 of us, so no, not cheap but worth it! I think everyone should splurge on a fantastic meal every now and then, and I'm glad we did that at CUT. It was wonderful.
5	This is as good as it's gonna get for a steak restaurant. I personally recommend the Prime rib eye (rare or medium rare). The steak was so juicy and full of flavor. Definitely you do not need an A1 sauce on this steak. Truly AMAZING!!!
5	Great steak.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Quite possible the best filet I've ever eaten. Top notch service with a great wine list to match the great menu offerings. Average check was around $250 per person for food and wine.
5	Oh Cut, I love you.  I love you because you have the most exquisite vegetarian side dishes and the very best scotch in the world.  It's no rumor that Cut gets the best meat.  They get the best meat from LA to NY, at least.  If steaks are what you're after, you couldn't get better meat if you went to the farmer in Japan.But here's why I really love you the most, Cut:  for your whiskey.  I love you for carrying the Springbank 25.  I love you for really knowing what you're doing with steak and scotch.  Even though I don't eat steak.  I want to know a restaurant knows what they're doing, and so few restaurants know what they're doing.Cut, I adore you.
4	It was the bone in rib eye illinois corn fed for me.  I requested rare, but I think I got something that was cooked a little more.  Other than that, it was still pretty good.I had a quick sampling of the nebraska version and it was definitely more tender and  tasty.Warm veal tongue, while it had a tongue texture/taste, I couldn't tell the difference if someone told me it was veal or non-veal.
4	On my drive up to Vegas I was thinking KOBE BEEF at Cut. So after the cocktail party was over we headed to Cut to chow down on some melt in your mouth steak. The following order was devoured without any guilt.Kobe Steak Sashimi,Warm Veal Tongue,Bone Marrow DumplingsHow's that for jacking up your cholesterol. And it was just the beginning.Kobe Style" Beef From Snake River Farms, IdahoPorterhouse 34 Oz* (For Two) but I ate it all.Filet Mignon 6 Oz* Wagyu Brussels Sprouts, Smoky Bacon, Pearl OnionsWild Field Mushrooms & Japanese Shishito PeppersSoft Polenta with ParmesanCavatappi Pasta, "Mac & Cheese", Quebec Cheddar (really cheesy)No desert for us, I rolled out of Cut stuffed like a pig.
4	Every time we hit Vegas, we want a better dining experience than our previous visit. That's a tough order considering our experience at Charlie Palmer Steak was 5 stars and one of the best dining experiences we've ever enjoyed. CUT is really expensive, let's get that out of the way now. If over the top expensive isn't for you, don't bother b/c who goes to a steakhouse to order the short ribs or the chicken, simply because it's affordable? Their hostess is cute as a button, but she makes Aubrey O'Day from Celeb Apprentice seem genuine. I mean, fake smile is standard, I get that, but this gal was just blowin' skirts up left n right.This place is all about service, food and apparently wine, but I don't drink b/c my boy is Bill W and all, so that's neither here nor there for me. Bobby,our very astute and proper waiter, offered up a few non alco beverages. A ginger-ale and pineapple number that was really good and a very VERY tart cranberry option. Both were a nice touch for peeps who don't get down with the booze. Before you actually order, they discuss the menu in great detail. Our waiter, Bobby, seemed a bit aggressive, but I think that's just b/c he knows his stuff and has a great understanding of the menu, so once we realized that, it was easier to understand the in your face approach. They have this giant plate, with a black napkin draped over it, loaded with all of their cuts of beef. They describe each in great detail and of course, attempt to get you to choose the most delicious, expensive cut. Bread: Numerous options, all made in houseCheese Puff: they have a technical fancy pants term for this, but it's a cheese puff and boy is it delightful!Foccacia: Caramelized onions infused in the soft and chewy bread, excellentPretzel Bun: I had my doubts about this, but they were incredibly soft, chewy and also made in houseChoice of Cow: 35 day aged Nebraska NY Sirloin and Ribeye, which Bobby helped us chooseThe meat was cooked to perfection, it was tender and juicy and succulent. Ribeye had a bit too much fat, but not a big deal. NY seemed to have less. They offer up a selection of house mustard (s) b/c apparently Wolfy loves to slather mustard on his steak. It's a nice touch, but I could do without b/c the dry rub they offer is very tasty. Sides are not included, but we had to get sides. Mac n Cheese: gooey, delicious and it is served piping hot. Eat it fast b/c the cheese starts to dry up and get gummy pretty fast. Fingerling potatoes: are served with roasted onions and my favorite, slab bacon! Like large cubes of fatty swine, so delicious and just melt in your mouth goodness. We had to pass on dessert b/c we killed every bite of dinner, but the dessert menu does look desirable. Bobby one upped himself and brought out a few nibblets of goodness. Choco: Rich, creamy dark chocolate ganache over graham cracker crust. Very rich, but very good.Caramel: This was heavenly. It was like a tiny bite of pecan pie mixed with nut brittle and I loved it. Nice and sticky and oh so scrumptious! That's a wrap and if you made it this far down the page, thanks for reading my novel. Cheers mate!
5	This is definitely one of my top picks to eat at when in vegas! My girls took me here for my birthday this year and OMG it was so amazing! I ordered the lobster for the table and I regret not ordering the entire thing for myself because it was outta this world good. just thinking about it makes my mouth water thank goodness im going back in two weeks to dine here again! =D We all ordered the steak i think everyone got the ribeye, as for the steak it was not nearly memorable as the lobster. I dare say CUTs lobster more than rival lobster at gary danko and french laundry. For apps the yummiest items that comes to mind is the pork belly and the bone marrow. the crab cake and apple salad was pretty good. french fries were french fries lol nothing else to say about them other than that. i did love the onion bread and the pretzel bread and i loved how they let you eat as much as you please because i LOVE onion bread cant get enough of it. we ordered i think half the sides on the menu but only thing really stood out were the spicy peppers. For dessert they gave me a baked alaska for my bday YUM! it was perfect way to end the meal. We ordered the souffle because i can never say no to chocolate souffle however it did fall short of expectations. I have to say Gary Danko and Alexanders makes it better. The banana creme pie cake was fantastic, so yummy you could really taste the fresh banana. For a group of 6 girls ordering an app, entree and side plus a lobster for the table the bill came out to be 150 a person of course given the exception that my girls wouldnt let me pay for my portion. Least to say it is obviously an expensive place to dine at but WORTH every penny.
4	I went here for my bachelor party. The steak selection was amazing! The service was five-star all the way. We brought a nice bottle of Bordeaux to celebrate and the sommelier took great care to decant and prep the bottle table side. The corking fee was $50, but when we received the bill the sommelier has waived the corking fee. The meal was excellent - the kind of meal you expect from a steakhouse like Cut. The sides were very good. I ordered the garlic mashed potatoes, but in hind sight I should have ordered the mac-n-cheese - not because the potatoes were bad, but because the mac-n-cheese was amazing. The bone in Rib Eye was a little too much meat for me to handle and I needed to take some home with me. But if you're in the mood for a nice portion of excellent beef, I would recommend it. At the end of the meal, the chef prepared a complimentary dessert for me as congratulations. The decor was modern but not over done and the seating was completely ergo-dynamic - which did not go unnoticed by my table. All-in-all, Cut is the type of place I would go to for any occasion, but bring an appetite and your checkbook.
5	Great steaks! Seasoned and cooked perfectly.  We ordered the steak sampler, filet mignon, new york, and the Kobe.  Fantastic flavors to share.  Loved the tuna tartare!
4	Let's get started w. my last review from Yelp Elite Spring Break 2012...... wwoohooooooo.....  bitter sweet!Right off the back, OVER THE TOP  SERVICE!!!!  The service here definitely deserves 5 stars, but not the rest. The bone marrow with the mushroom thing on the side was SO GOOD!  It's nothing you've ever had in your life before. The bread was also toasted perfect, which complement the texture of the bone marrows perfectly. I, however, just eat the bone marrow straight up!My bf and I also got the ox tail soup..... he says it tastes like something I know how to make.... which is kinda true, except I don't purify my soup @ all.  The soup was like 3 stars; nothing spectacular at all. Steak is next on the menu. We ordered porter house, so that we can share and compare it with the ones we had a Mastro's & Ruth Chris'. I didn't really like it because they let their steak sit. The FOBBINESS in me has to have everything pipping hot to taste fresh and good, so not my kinda stuff. The steak also tastes a little flavorless..... It doesn't have the deep meaty flavor that I excepted and got from Mastro's age beef. The steak also came with 3 different kind of freshly made mustard, a French sea salt, a hollandaise sauce, and another sauce.  I don't know, that's just too many sauce for me to think about with my meat!  I just want MEAT and good tasting MEAT, so all those sauce just ain't giving the steak it's day to shine!On to the sides, we got sauteed mushroom, which is unlike the usual sauteed mushroom you get.  The mushroom are wild mushrooms, so it's very different. And, too much butter for me. We also got potatoes as one of our sides, which I had none cause I don't eat pork (sorry to all those I offended).   In summery, VERY FANCY kinda place, VERY OVER THE TOP SERVICE & PRICE TAG.  Nonetheless, if it's just about the steak, I would still give the award to Mastro's!
5	Wagyu beef was way good I had the rib eye and it was cooked perfectly. CUT is not for the "faint of wallet" everything is pricy my Rib eye was $88. Appetizers were great I had Burrata and prosciutto and my friends both had the Ox tail soup. For dessert I had the banana cream pie and it was the best I have ever had nothing like your run of the mill pie shop versions. Service and the wine list were both excellent. I'd eat here again for sure.
1	I was here on vacation a few weeks ago and we had a big party (14 girls) since we were there for a bachelorette party.I don't know if I agree with other people on the service, but I have to say the food was pretty good.  It is expensive I am not going to lie.  Steaks are probably like $80+ dollars.  I ended up sharing a piece rib eye with somebody else because we don't eat alot and it's not like we lived there so we couldn't take it with us or anything.  I think ALOT of us ended up sharing because of this reason and portions were sized enough where we can share.The steaks were cooked perfectly and they were good.   We had bone marrow to top off which made it even better.  Now when it came to sides - obviously restaurants like these you order them separately on the side.  Because there was so many in our party, we liked a variety and wanted to just order whatever we wanted and share.  There was a waitress there that gave us a hard time about that and even had to nerve to ask if it was a money issue.  We knew what we wanted to order and we were going to share accordingly ourselves.  That comment alone made the entire party pretty angry and the experience bad.  $1700 for about 14 girls?  I think that obviously we weren't complaining about the money.  Somebody in this business should know better than to say that.  I wouldn't go back even nor do I recommend this place.  Wolfgang Puck was a name that you pay for.  There are far better places with better steaks and better services.
5	Wow.  Just WOW.  If you're going to drop $250 on a dinner for two, this is how to do it.  Steaks are not easy to make well, and even the finest steakhouses can't always guarantee a flawlessly cooked steak.  But my bone-in ribeye was flawless--nice and fatty and tender with excellent seasoning and flavor.  Even better was my wife's petit New York, which was tender and rich and meaty.  Never thought a New York could beat a ribeye, but I stand corrected.  The sauces were also good, but if you're a real steak lover, you don't need them.  The steaks stand their ground on their own.Appetizers and sides were also knock-out good.  We ordered a burrata and prosciutto dish that was soft and flavorful, and a bone marrow flan appetizer that was meaty and rich and light, all at once.  Delicious.  For sides, we got the spinach and garlic--nicely done, with lightly seasoned spinach that's cooked, not wilted--and the fingerling potatoes, which came sauteed with delicious bits of roasted garlic and chunks of thick-cut bacon.Service was also very competent, if just slightly on the overeager side.  Our waitress (Tara) was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable--she could probably teach a class on the marbleing of Wagyu beef.  She stopped by often to chit chat and check in, which was nice, but we would have liked just a bit more privacy.All in all, a fantastic experience.  Among the top three steaks I've ever had, and very possibly the best.
3	I would give it 3 1/2 stars but you cant here.  Came here with great expectations, and the food was decent but not a WOW.  I would expect for 150 a person to have a steak that is very tender, tastefull, and simply above average.  My steak didnt deliver, the wine was excellent, the ambience was very nice also but I didnt come here for that, a good steak is why I came here,  I may or may not return, Vegas has many excellent options for steak.  I ate the Nebraska  Prime Ribeye, dry aged 35 days.
1	"Don't talk to me about that I didn't say anything, or that "how are they supposed to know?",...I shouldn't have to bring it to your attention..."Dissappointing.Let me count the reasons. Someone from our party ordered grilled fish, and at table side, the helpman meticulously removed the head, backbone, and proceeded to scrape off the lateral bone bits from the previous fillet' meat. Impressive. So this is a problem, because:(1) I ordered the 21 day dry aged, bone in Rib Eye medium rare, in a restaurant that is called "cut" most likely referring to the expertise of the meat offerings, it came out with a blood pool beneath the meat, and after tearing into the center (after the edge was curiously grey in color) I found a hot pink color, with obviously heavy textured content all the way through. (2) No one asked me how my food was, nor did anyone personally stop by at our table once the food was presented. (3) Across the way, my buddies ordered the 35 day, dry aged filet, which upon exposing the centers showed a beautiful purple smooth center, with a red halo ring to a blackened crusted exterior... a proper medium rare, as ordered. Slap in my face for what I got.(4) Later in the meal, as we were finishing, the waiter dropped by to ask my two buddies with the fiet how the food was. No one asked me how my food was at any part of the meal, and now I was experiencing a shun as the rest of my party was being asked. They handed me a check for the menu price of $65.Don't talk to me about that I didn't say anything, or that "how are they supposed to know?", I've never had the $100 steak, but if you charge me 4 times what I can get at Applebees, I shouldn't have to bring it to your attention, just like if I can't afford this place I shouldn't have to ask how much it is before I sit down. $65 is not an assumption. It's a statement. I go to restaurants because I can't grill a proper medium rare myself. That is my statement. That $65 price tag, that's your promise you know what you're doing.
4	Cut was pretty good, but not amazing.  We ordered the American Wagyu steaks, and they were good, but overdone (more medium than midrare, as ordered).  I was also surprised that the presentation was not better.  We essentially got a steak on a big white plate.  Sides came in a white bowl.  Was surprised to have to pay for water for the table, but was the cheapest part of the meal :)  Food was pretty good, but I wouldn't say it was the best steak I've ever had.  Tuna tartare appetizer was phenomenal.Service was outstanding, probably the best I've ever had.  They brought a wrong side, and gave it to us free, and quickly brought out what we had ordered.So you have idea of price....it ended up being nearly $500 for two people, including a $120 bottle of wine, one appetizer, two steaks, two sides, two bottles of water, and $75 tip.  No dessert.
2	Maybe my expectations were too high, but a well cooked steak does not need to be drenched in sauces to be eaten. I was highly disappointed in the quality of the steaks offered at Cut. My boyfriend and I ordered the American Wagyu 34oz porterhouse for two. We paid almost 200 for this steak, and after waiting almost 45 minutes since our appetizers were cleared for our entree to come out it was tough and extremely bland. The sides were decent-the typical a la carte menu. The appetizers were pretty good. The bone marrow flan had a delicious garlic flavor, but the crab cake was decent.We were too disappointed to attempt their desserts so we paid the undeserving $400 and left. I would have been more satisfied eating at Grand Lux Cafe than coming to Cut.
3	Mastro's in Beverly Hills - still the best bone-in rib eye!  CUT was OK.  The bone-in rib eye was a B. It was a good steak -  with good flavor and cooked perfectly.  Just not perfectly enough.  I had high expectations for a Friday night.  But nothing really stood out.  I expected more from the decor - it's really a nicely designed cafeteria hall.  The place was full but lifeless.  The service was good - not outstanding and not really personable - just attentive (Special note on service: Don't sell me or try to educate me on steak.  I'm there because I know what I want.)  We had a nice bottle of cabernet - but it didn't really live up to the servers description.  My wife had the New York - which again was very good - just not great.  Is the Beverly Hills CUT better?
3	We came here in a group of 5 for my boyfriend's birthday dinner.  The cocktail menu was featured on an iPad, which was a very cool concept.  I ordered the "Lots of Love" cocktail, which was a good mix of sweet and sour.  We ordered the American Wagyu porterhouse for two ($190) with wild field mushrooms and bone marrow.  As for sides, we ordered the french fries with herbs, creamed spinach, and the mac and cheese.  The house bread served at the beginning is delicious, especially the pretzel bread with the butter.We were told it would be 15-20 minutes for our steaks to arrive, but it took about 45+ minutes.  The servers cut the steaks for us, and even served our sides to us.  I must have had really high expectations because I thought the steak was only mediocre.  The sides, especially the mac and cheese and wild field mushrooms, were excellent though.Overall, I thought Cut was just another average steakhouse.  There was nothing really "special" that stood out from it.  I've experienced better at STK and SW in Vegas.  Although the service was consistent, (they constantly picked up our plates and refilled our waters) minus waiting longer than told for our food, I'd definitely look into other options next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Came here with the BF on the Friday of Memorial Day weekend.  We made reservations for about 10:30pm and the place still had a nice number of people inside but it wasn't crowded at all.My feedback is as follows:Service = service was impeccable and lived up to what you expect giving the reputation of the restaurants.  Our waiter did an excellent job explaining the different cuts of meat.  Our water glasses were never empty and the table was always kept clean.  I got a kick out of the iPad menu and ended up playing it with it more than I needed to. Food taste/quality = Everything was so delicious!  We ordered:- Glazed pork belly- Bone marrow flan- Bone-in rib eye w/extra marrow on top- Miso Glazed salmon- Creamed spinach w/egg (a little too watery)- Crown & Coke- Lots of Love martini - Kettle One TonicTotal with tip = $240.00The only complaint that we had about the food was that when we added the additional marrow to the steak, it was too heavy due to the fatty content and texture.  After a few bites, we almost needed to scrape the rest off to work on the steak.All-in-all, the place lived up to the expectations.  I have had my fair share of experiences at steakhouses.  While this wasn't the absolute best, it was still very good.
4	Why I like cut!We went there last night for dinner to celebrate our friends birthday and I wanted to try a new experience that was well recommended!  CUT fit the bill!1.  Service - 5 Star.  Very proactive, a whole team to help you, support you and to give you suggestions. Very knowledgeable and helpful when you cannot pick that right cut of meat.2.  Bread and Water - Nah, you are not in prison.  But the bread they come out with is really great and of course you have your choice of ice water (tap water) or bottled.  We're local so we stayed with the ice water.  But, the bread is really great. What was it, not sure... Yet, I give it 5 stars.3.  The Food - Bone Marrow Flan and Steak Tartare - OK, we were being a bit risky with these two and they were simply awesome. The flan was moist nuggets of marrow that you put onto thin pieces of toasted bread.  The steak tartare was so delicious. 5 starsKobe Beef Short Ribs - Great flavor, not so great texture. I actually thought the indian spices on this were a good mix, and I like indian spices.  However, the texture of the meat was more crock pot vs. slow braised.  Meah, I have to give this two star.Bone in Filet Mignon - Now, how many times can you say you had a bone in Filet?  Sure for a rib eye or other cuts, yet I never had it in a Filet. Our friends had this and I have to say, that this is 4 star for sure. The ambiance here is very nice, elegant, yet comfortable. You do feel that you are seated in an open area due to the seating arrangements, so it seems less intimate, however, the lighting and all makes it just right.  The place is a bit noisy due to the loud music that they pipe in, otherwise, nice. 4 start here.Price wise, the place is typical of a strip steak place, expensive.  Worth it overall.
4	Ultimate service from this Wolfgang Puck Steakhouse in the Palazzo.  Very cool atmosphere, wine and drink lists on iPads, they bring out the cuts of meat for you too look at so you know what you are choosing.  Diverse appetizers and salads, but for main courses, if you do beef, stick with that.  They do it really good.  Would recommend to anyone, but it is upper priced compared to most.
5	Had a bit of trouble with service but they made it right and food was top notch.
5	I've been here once and afraid to go back, because I am not sure if my amazing experience can be recreated. We had a group dinner here with about 12-15 people. The service was professional, good, but not "friendly" (if you know what I mean). We got some cut of beef, but the amazing part of the meal was when my friend gave me a taste of her Wagu (American Kobe) which is like $80, but was freaking amazing. Just one bite, that is all you need. So savory, flavorful, the right amount of fat marbleized in there. All the side dishes were pretty amazing too.
5	Las Vegas is full of high end steakhouses that serve prime steaks.  Cut exceeded our expectations in service and food quality.  Wow!  We have dined at STK, delmonicos, craft steak, prime, flemmings, mastros, and rank Cut one notch above because they nailed all aspects of our dinning experience.We booked on open and requested a private table. It was a Friday night and the restaurant was busy but didn't seem packed.  We were given table 1 and it was perfect.  The service was Very attentive and they servers  able to answer all our questions about the menu and wines.I started with a heirloom tomato salad but requested something other than goat cheese on it.  Our server recommended a fresh mozzarella.  I loved the salad. The tomatoes tasted like they were just picked from the garden.  My wife hade the butter leaf  salad w blue cheese crumbles and a  yummy house dressing.I ordered a bone in filet. Hands down- Best one ever. Hot, medium rare with a perfect exterior char. For sides we had spinach and the mushroom/peppers. The mushrooms were the highlight of the sides.  The steaks also came with a variety of mustards but we really didn't need them.Too full for anything else. A great meal overall-  our bill just topped $300 so it's a bit spendy but that's Vegas.
3	I'll keep it short & sweet: nice atmosphere. They play classic rock & 80s music, which is a bit odd for an upscale restaurant, but I liked it. Service was very attentive and friendly, but a bit slow. I had the 8oz filet, which was decent, but nothing special. I've had better at outback, for half the price. My wife had the 14oz sirloin. She likes it well done, and whatever you may think about that, they should still give her just as good a cut of meat and cook it with the same care and attention as any other. That did not happen. The cut they served her was charred to the point of being almost inedible. We sent it back, and about 20 minutes later they served her a better one. But the cut of meat was still full of fat and gristle. Bottom line: for the money we paid here, we did NOT get our money's worth. We won't be back.
5	It must be said:  Cut in Las vegas gets the best scotch in the world.  If you want rare and wonderful scotch by the glass, fly in immediately.  Worth the trip, even for a vegetarian.
5	Just realized that I never wrote a review from my visit back in February but to say that I STILL recall the incredibleness of the Braised Pork Belly appetizer, says something. Unbelievable taste and flavors. I had to pace myself because I truly wanted to lick the plate! Then came the main course of a filet of "I dont recall" and that was stunning as well in cut and in how it was prepared. We had so many wonderful cocktails as well, trying various types with Asian Pear etc. Just a wonderful meal overall. A little quiet in the atmosphere, but the service was incredible and food even more amazing than we'd hoped for our last night in Vegas. Highly recommend and kudos to Wolfgang!
4	continuing my steakhouse journey through Las Vegas, CUT was next on the list.overall, i enjoyed the experience.  everything from the drinks to the service was all top notch.  there was one minor annoyance I'll get to later.Drinks:Fantastic cocktails.  Expensive? Yes.  Delicious? Yes!I had the Pepino's Revenge which was Patron Silver, Cucumber, Basil, and Lime Juice.  The Samurai Sword was Yamazaki 12, Cointreau, Honey Simple Syrup, and Ginger.  Both were wonderful.Appetizer:I started with the Bone Marrow Flan on the recommendation from the server.  It was very tasty.  I also had a bite of the Maple Pork Belly that was pretty good as well.Entree:Bone-in Ribeye.  I've never had a bad steak in Vegas and that streak continues.  Cooked perfectly.  It was a very nice piece of beef.Sides:I look forward to the sides going to these places more than the steak itself.  It's weird, but whatever.  We ordered a boatload of sides.  The mac and cheese came in first place.  that is a must try, IMO.  the polenta was very good a well.  there were a couple others not as notable as the two above.  the only one i really didn't care for was the mushrooms and japanese peppers.  the mushrooms were good, but the peppers had a unique taste that just didn't do it for me, but to each their own.
5	Wow!One of the best meals of my life. & the service was incredible. Expensive  of course but it doesn't get better than this.
4	Food quality and pricing are similar...but you pay for what you get....service is wonderful...
5	So the BF was in Vegas for the first time for his birthday and he picked CUT as his expensive steakhouse dinner.  We were not disappointed.  Wolfgang Puck figured it out with this place.First off, love the atmosphere in here.  Clean lines, dark but not too dark lighting, and they had some good tunes going.  Mostly classic rock but interspersed with a few more recent rock songs.  I was glad it wasn't boom boom boom techno for once.We were immediately seated when we arrived and things started happing in rapid fire succession.  Bread was brought to the table.  The waiter took drink orders, recommended wine, and went through the menu.  Someone else brought an amuse bouche.  It was a bit overwhelming overload there for a bit but all for a good cause - to get us food and booze!We started with the bread.  There were some crispy bread pieces covered in cheese, maybe Parmesan?  It was so good we ate all of it.  Then we started with the maple glazed pork belly with Asian spices, sesame orange dressing, and apple compote.  4 pieces of decadent, amazing pork belly perfectly offset with sweetness from the apple.  We LOVED this.  We also tried the shrimp and crab (or was it lobster) cocktail which had a creamy sauce holding it all together.  I'm not much for creamy sauces so that's a personal preference, but it was still very good.So they bring out the steak cuts and show them to you and explain the differences.  I had already decided in my head on one thing but after hearing about the Wagyu steaks from the USA and Australia there was only one way to go: the tasting that included 4 oz USDA PRIME aged 35 days steak, 4 oz American Wagyu "Kobe Style", and 2 oz Australian Wagyu.  I just couldn't resist trying each of them against the other and deciding if they were really all that.  We ordered them up medium rare with sides of parmesan polenta and creamed spinach with fried egg.  The tasting came with sauces for each steak.USDA Prime aged 35 days: really good steak but harder to cut because of the marbling.  I didn't eat all of this one because I wanted to focus on the other 2 cuts.American wagyu: at first, this one was my favorite.  It was buttery smooth with a great flavor.Australian Wagyu: this one was even more rich and buttery in flavor and soon became my absolute favorite of the three.  i finished all of it.  Probably the best steak I have ever had in my life ever...including at my favorite steakhouse in Dallas.  Next time I believe I'll just fork out the cash for this cut alone.Creamed spinach: good, fried egg made it different than the usual, but just good, not mind blowing.Polenta: perfectly cooked, cheesy, great side for the steaks.For dessert the BF ordered some sort of table side crumble that came with market fresh peaches and blackberries in it  I don't know what it was called but all I know is that I have never had fruit that fresh and sweet and delicious.  Not a single blackberry was sour, the peaches tasted like they came straight off the tree.  It was an amazing dessert.  They also sent out a baked Alaska for the BF's b-day gratis and it said "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate on the plate.  Fun.The price is commensurate with the quality food you are getting which means this shit isn't cheap.  But it is worth it.  I left here stuffed and happy and pleased that the $$$ spent matched the enjoyment had.  Give this steak a try, you will not be disappointed.
5	Oppps this was review was sitting in my pending reviews for awhile. Just forgot to post. First visit to Cut was July of 2011.Anyhow, we love Cut!!What we ordered:Appetizer:Maryland Blue Crab & Carolina Shrimp "Louis" Cocktail, Spicy Tomato-Horseradish Steaks: American Wagyu / Angus "Kobe Style" Beef From Snake River Farms, Idaho, Filet Mignon 6 Oz*Everything was delicious and cooked perfectly!!UPDATE:  We just went back this July with two other couples and everything was as great as we remembered. Everyone loved their steaks! And as usual, service was outstanding.
5	I don't even know where to start, other than to say this place was fantastic.Appetizer - steak tartare.  It was fantastic!  Also tried the tuna tartare, which was very very good.Dinner - Snake River Farms rib eye - medium (recommended over med rare by server due to marbling).  #1 steak in my life - no lie.  I tried the armagnac sauce on the side, but just go straight meat.  Don't dress it up at all.Sides - mac and cheese, which is their signature - it was very good, but very rich.  Creamed spinach with egg was great.  Also had the potato mash, which was very very good.Desert - their baked alaska, which was great.I tried a couple of bottles of my favorite - tignanello.Overall this place is a grip of cash - but if you have a special occasion and want a treat - go here.
5	Wagyu! Best guys night out spot ever.  Attentive service (though a little slow) and some of the best steak I have ever had.  The company I that I brought with me wasn't in the most mature mood, but the impressive decanting process and great steaks made it worthwhile - no one joked about the food's quality.  Sides and appetizers were also highlights - macaroni and cheese was so good that several of us posted immediately to facebook about it.  Pork belly appetizer was a huge highlight - somewhere a pig died for a very good reason (Sorry, Babe).  Sauteed spinach also excellent and the squash was ok (yours is still better, Mom!)I did the New York sampler, and most of the others did one of the ribeyes.  We all loved every bite. Highlight - the Australian Wagyu was about $300 a pound (!) and was as soft and tender as a ribeye.  However, the other two were so good, that I'm not sure if it is worth it to pay the difference, unless it is a very special occasion.  My taste buds were happy with me, my wallet wasn't, but what the heck - it's Vegas - live a little.
5	CUT is the Vegas experience in a nutshell: impeccable service, amazing food and drink selection, and a dent in your wallet that will leave you longing for more. Right before your order is taken, your waiter/waitress will bring by a platter of steaks wowing you with words such as "wagyu", "kobe" and "marbling". This, is marketing/entertainment at its pinnacle. From the display platter, you will clearly be impressed with how well the Australian waygu marbles, even in comparison to its American counterpart. While I "settled" for the American wagyu ribeye, the buttery texture and the sweet yet savory flavor of the meat was better than steak I've had previously.The service was excellent. Our waiter was witty, but not chatty, and apparently has a photographic memory of the Wikipedia page on waygu beef. The setting was spacious yet extremely intimate. We were seated in one of the side booths, which could have easily sat a party of 6. The booth was filled with plush pillows. Food coma? no problem, simply take a nap and continue eating afterwards. Our order of two drinks, tuna tartare, one USDA prime bone in ribeye, one American wagyu ribeye, and one side of field mushrooms and shishito peppers came out to $305, counting tax and tip.
4	Excellent food and service - their 9  oz Wagyu (American Kobe style)  rib eye steak is almost too big to finish since it's so marbled with fat., like eating a standard 16 oz steak. Their other main dishes are also excellent including Dover Sole, Maine lobster, etc.  I love their coffee/doughnut dessert, along with their Banana Creme pie - second only to Emeril's (sorry!), and their warm chocolate souffle.
4	I've been here many time the steaks are always amazing the American waygu the best. The Mac and cheese is my favorite I could eat it all day, appetizers aren't the greatest and the banana cream pie is to die for. The only thing that bothered me when I got there was the head hostess was snobby and rude and didn't want to take my reservation for a guest who stays there and is a gold member and always spends an easy $600 at your restaurant I felt I should of been taken more seriously other than that the meal made up for her attitude.
4	nothing overly special, when comparing to other top end steakhouses.Its been a few months since I went to CUT, so I wont give a detailed review, I'll just post my overall feelings and things that stood out.First off, the service was awesome at first and then started fading away towards the end. When I go to top-end steak-houses, I expect top notch service and was not failed for the first 3/4 of our dining experience. But on the back end, the attentiveness wasnt there once our main course was served (he quit filling our wine for us, took a while to clear the plates, took even longer bring dessert menu, took a LONG time to bring check). And we had a later reservation, so it wasnt like he was in the weeds.The crab and shrimp appetizer was good, but nothing outstanding. The Asparagus app was very good though. The butter lettuce salad was just ok to me. Im not a fan of the blue cheese with a vinaigrette salad, but the gf wanted it. My opinion on this is purely just my palate...Im sure other would think it was very good.The steak...was ok...good, but nothing special (at this price point). I actually enjoy steaks at some other places better (craftsteak, for instance). It was cooked perfectly, but I didnt really care for the lack of seasoning. I know some will argue that point, but that was my main problem with the steak, it lacked seasoning that really brings out the flavors. I suppose its better than over seasoning though.Our sides were the mac and cheese (outstanding!!!!) and some roasted corn or something like that. The mac and cheese was absolutely fantastic and I would go back just for that, but the corn was disappointing. It had some of the hard parts of the cob still attached. while I appreciate the effort of freshly peeled corn, I guess I just wanted to see it done well.Overall, I enjoy trying different steakhouses and this place ranks with the others in their price point. It wasnt my favorite, but it was still good. If you are a steakhouse fan like me, its worth trying out.
2	I've had some great steaks in my day but Cut's 20 ounce bone-in Rib Eye did not add to that list.  It had a mostly bland yet slightly salty flavor with no marbling whatsoever.  This was the healthiest Rib Eye steak I've ever seen or eaten which was not my goal here.  I also watched as other steaks were served around the room and I never said "wow that's what I should have ordered".  Guess I've been spoiled by too many great places where the sizzle and smell of fantastic steaks going by tease all your senses.  There is only one reason I can think of do Cut.  If you want to impress a client or customer this is the right kind of place - it's exotic with enough varieties of aged steak for anyone to have a "new" dining experience. In hindsight I should have tried one of those cuts.  Everything here is expensive - I'm sure most of Cut's customers are putting this meal on their expense reports.  You will spend anywhere from $100 to $150 per person.  Just today I read other reviews here and saw the ladies group that was insulted with the question of whether they had a "money issue" because they wanted to share a variety of entries.  This did not surprise me.  The all male wait staff has an aire of arrogance about them - these guys really take themselves way too seriously.  It must come down from top management because they all appear cloned.  Maybe this is a style that appeals to most high end customers.  Personally I prefer a waiter that could be more friendly and informal.  But I've seen these same bionic waiters at other expensive places so it must be considered proper.Regarding atmosphere Cut has a cold contemporary feel.  Again I suppose many other high end customers might like this motif.  Personally I'll take a place with cushy chairs and oak panels or brass rails or even red drapes, napkins and tablecloths!  The hard feel of glass and plastic doesn't put me at ease to rest comfortably and enjoy.  Probably the idea is to keep folks from lingering too long.       With so many great steak houses in Vegas I won't ever be going back here.  I've read many of the positive CUT reviews here on Yelp and it makes me think these people have never experienced a really outstanding steak dinner.  Too bad for them!
5	Food was good, steak was a little salty, but the waiter warned be about that. If you know it is so salty, why not change it?Service was great, and ambiance was great.
5	CUT is a very good Steak House. Although the Australian Wagyu Ribeye was not available I tried the 8oz. American Wagyu Ribeye and was very pleased. I am a steak foodie and this one was very tasty and tender. At $88 it is a lot cheaper than the $145 Australian Wagyu but still quite a bit more than my favorite $18 Ribeye at Murphy's Bar and Grill in Honolulu. I ordered the steak cooked Medium was brought to the table perfect. This was a splurge meal while in Las Vegas so hard to fork over $12 for pureed potatoes. It's still worth a try to say you've had Wagyu beef.
5	AMAZING food. Went for husbands birthday dinner (steak is his fav food) and we got a porter house steak for two, Mac and cheese, roasted corn, and the creamed spinach. The sides where shared with four people and it was plenty. The service was amazing and while yes it was pricey ( roughly 800.00 for four people which the other couple we where with got a porter house for two as well) and we each had about 4 drinks and a bottle of wine (one of the cheaper ones 68.00) I would still have to say worth every penny. This is a must if you have steak lovers with you!
5	Great food(wish they had a smaller porterhouse, 34oz only) food only surpassed by the service.
5	Outstanding experience from the perfectly cooked and seasoned steak down to the swivel chairs. Enjoyed everything about my experience here. The staff was outstanding, the food was delicious and the ambiance exceptional. Well worth the price
5	Bar none, I had the best steak of my life here. Now, I had to wrestle with the price, but after agreeing to paying $125 for Waygu Filet, I'm completely glad I had the gastronomique experience of a lifetime. A word to the wise. These waiters, bus people, wine stewards and hell, the receptionist are trained in the fine art of upselling. I thought a few of them must have been on commission! It's kinda ugly. Our waiter copped an attitude when we wouldn't order the $264 bottle of wine. Instead we had the $70 Malbec that was just great. The creamed spinach was a tad bit heavy with nutmeg and the warm asparagus salad is to die for too. All in all a terrific meal and I will go back for sure. Just remember to bring your big fat wallet! $$$$$
5	Wow. I don't know where to start.  The beet dish I had was out of this world.  three styles of beets perfectly cooked!!!  Wife had a amll filet aged with an unbelievalbe seasoning.  THIS WAS AN EXPERIENCE!!  Wife said the decor was soso.  I really loved the whole evening.  I'd eat here once a week if it was at home.
3	chic  ultra minimalist  modern interiorFood was alright, a bit overpriced for the quantity.    John and I had Wagyu tasting, each costing $130.   They were good,   but on the small side.    Side dish and appetizers were also small....minimalist, just like the interior.  I'd rather go to Mastro....more bang for your bucks.
4	Even though this was a near record setting dinner ($$$$) for my husband and me, it was ALMOST worth every penny!  The steaks were some of the best we've ever had, EVER... and we eat at a lot of great steakhouses!  They are smoky and delicious.  My filet melted in your mouth, and people will say that all the time about steaks, but I mean LITERALLY disappeared in my mouth.  It was unbelievably delicious.  Herbed fries were a great side to share, beet salad was a good starter.  My only complaint is the wine list, they really could use some more moderately priced options.  There is NOTHING reasonable on that wine list.  The bartender, Chip, made awesome cocktails and was extremely knowledgable about wines and spirits.  All in all, an amazing dining experience.
4	Awesome food and service another Wolfgang Puck restaurant delight! Ate here with large sales account the steak was tender yummy. Only thing super expensive figure at least 200-400 bucks for two people to eat well.
5	VERY BEST STEAK OF MY LIFE. And that doens't come lightly. I've eaten at Sparks, S&W, del friscos, benjamins, peter lugers, keans, you name it. I've eaten steak on a ranch in Argentina, I've eaten steak from family farmers in Utah. Ive done it all. I ordered the 12 ounch Strip 35 day dry aged Corn Fed Nebraska steak and I was blown away. I actualy went back 2 days later. This place is CONSISTENT, they almost can't screw up on the temperature (and at 60-180.00 per steak the better not). I had the Brussel Sprouts with Pork belly, but I really really enjoyed this steak, and will probably not come close to it again. Great Wine list (displayed on an easy to navigate Ipad). My colleagues wife got the dry aged filet (i really dont' see the point in dry aging a filet) and that's pretty much all she ever orders and she preferred the sirloin. It was JUST THAT GOOD. little over done ont he seasoning, I don't think the product needed it that much, but I will probably talk about this steak for years.
3	What we ordered: 1. Kobe Steak Sashimi, Spicy Radishes - Amazing dish, the highlight of the dinner! The meat was so buttery and the delicate asian flavors of the sauce was a perfect pairing. 2. Bone Marrow Flan, Mushroom Marmalade, Parsley Salad - Very good but did not have that intense marrow flavor that I like. I also did not like the accompanying parsley salad as it overpowered the flan. However when eaten by itself the parsley was a good palate cleanser. 3. Warm Asparagus, Poached Organic Egg, Warm Bacon Vinaigrette - Nice Salad very good flavor. Hard to mess up a dish with those ingredients.4. Nebraska Corn Fed Ribeye - Not a very thick steak, which I always prefer. The crust was overpowering due to the amount of char. Way too much char in my opinion.5. True Japanese 100% Wagyu Ribeye - Thicker than the Nebraska Ribeye but served in two pieces which I thought was odd. The meat was heavily marbled and very tender. The Wagyu steak did not have a very meaty flavor, more relaxed and clean. Again though, the charing on the crust proved too much. 6. Yukon Gold Potato Puree - Very good, recommended. Creamy and buttery. The service was excellent and the ambiance is very nice. We had a very large and comfortable booth. Our sever was very professional and his support staff was very attentive. Overall, a good experience but the prices are very high, be prepared to spend. The steaks were too heavily charred for me. Almost ruined the high quality meat IMHO.
5	I ordered the crab and lobster salad to start off with, petite filet, medium rare, mac and cheese and bacon brussel sprouts. The waiter recommended an excellent malbec to pair with my steak. They had tasteful old songs playing in the restaurant. Everything was perfectly delicious.
5	Great steakhouse for steak-lovers with a sophisticated palette.CUT features a developed menu of dry-aged US steak, blended "US Wagyu" steak, and true Japanese Wagyu beef from Saga Perfecture, Kyushu, Japan. Steaks are a little pricey (dinner cost over $300 for 2 including tax and tip), but it's worth it!I came here for dinner last Sunday as an early celebration for my birthday and will definitely come back next time I visit Las Vegas.
5	Went for dinner 11/11 at 6pm.  Was seated within 5 mins (reservation made by a casino host) in the bar area.  Was greeted right away by the waiter.  Loved the wine/cocktail list via Ipad.  Ambience:  Great vibe.  Music was not terribly loud.  Nice contemporary feel to the restaurantService:  Great!  This was expected and delivered.  Always someone waiting on you.  The food flowed nicely through the courses.  The only delay came at the end when we were waiting for our billDrinks:  They have a great selection of wines.  But what was more impressive was their scotch selection.  If you are a scotch fan, you will be truly impressed.  We tried a few of the recommended cocktail (one was a scotch cocktail and really good) and was not disappointed.Food:  Excellent!  Started off with the Bone Marrow Flan and Tuna Tartare.  Very tasted.  I love their bread selections.  Ended up splitting the Nebraska corn fed rib eye and the American Wagyu Porterhouse for 2 (there was 3 of us in all).  The flavors were amazing.  You need to have them cook it at least Medium (we had it Medium-rare plus) to truly enjoy the flavor.  For the sides, we had the mushrooms, brussel sprouts, and Mac n' Cheese.  We were very satisfied with the meal.  Dessert was great as well.  We had the banana cream pie.All in all, Cut did not disappoint.  The ribeye was one of the best steaks that I have had.  I would definitely return.
5	Why WG? Why did you do this to me?? I wanted to hate it, but I didn't.Let's talk about the food first. We were presented a bread plate, though it was fresh and tasted great with the butter and grey salt, it was cold. I forgot about it once I took a bite of the pretzel bread. Then we had the Kobe Steak Sashimi.......simplicity, single most sexiest thing I've ever eaten. The main course, Wagyu Porterhouse, Nebraska Rib-eye and Porterhouse. It was charred, cooked rare, finished with sea salt and garlic butter. Both the porterhouses were grassy, a bit gamey and melted like butter. I couldn't believe what I was eating since we had a bad experience at SW last time we were in Vegas, and that was a joke. Then came the service. In a city run by restaurants, hospitality is what sets them apart. At CUT it sets apart from the world. I don't even know where to start, but having your own busser doesn't hurt nor having a hot plate presented at the same time with 9 other runners. Hands-down the best hospitality I've ever received and one of the best eating experiences in my life.
5	Best steakhouse literally in the country, hands down.  Have lived in NY, CA, FL.  Have travelled all over the country and have eaten in most of the big steakhouses.  This place is second to NONE.  Very expensive, and worth it.
4	Had Thanksgiving dinner at CUT.  As expected in a premium steakhouse in Las Vegas, the service was superior.  The whole staff is just right.  Not too overbearing or annoying.  They are prompt, courteous, professional.  The waiter directed his attention to me rather than my hot date that accompanied me.  This display of class and politeness didn't go unnoticed.  The steak was cooked perfect.  The chocolate mousse cake for dessert was excellent.  They even brought my girl a little birthday dessert with a candle.  CUT has been featured as one of the top 3 steakhouses in Las Vegas and there was alot of hype and buildup going into this place prior to my dining experience.  I think that's where I deduct one star was because the hype was so great.  Don't get me wrong, everything was extraordinary but I guess it's kind of like when a movie comes out and everybody raves about how it's so "great" then when I finally see it I just think it's ok.
5	Cut is by far the best steakhouse I've ever eat at.  That's a huge compliment because I go to so many restaurants.  First off Wolfgang Puck is the best of the best.  I've been to other celebrity chef restaurants but none do the complete dining experience like Wolfgang Puck.
3	best steak we've had in US but still not as good as bistecca fiorentina in tuscany. we shared a porterhouse for 2, medium rare (warm red center, as per our server). it came on a sizzling hot plate and was carved table side. the fillet mignon side was a little dry imo while the ny strip side was much better (warm red as promised). i should have skipped the fillet and just eaten the strip side :-p the only thing i didn't like was some unchewable tendons in the ny strip (which you don't find in the amazing italian cow)...complimentary breads were amazing. some great bakers they've got. their complimentary gougere was better than tartine sf's, even is that's not really my thing. the cheese sticks were even better. and the pretzel bread (husband's fav), pumpernickel (yum) and onion foccacia were good enough for a bakery.we shared a bone marrow flan for starters. very good. i find plain bone marrow a little scary but this was so good. went well with the toasted brioche, mushroom marmalade, sauce, parsley and onion. we ate it all up :-)for sides we shared the butternut squash, celery root, leeks and chestnuts. perfect dish for autumn/winter ;-)i had the leftover side and meat for lunch (cold) the next day. good lunch :-)we couldn't even finish our dinner so no way could we squeeze in any dessert. seems to be a common "problem" for most diners :-pi had a xiang li cocktail as well. nice and fragrant (loved the pear puree) but a bit too gingery and starts to get cloying after a while. a subtler take on the execution might be better.after dinner we went next door for illy coffee as a digestive :-) if we ever want steak again, kobe style (half-kobe mix) might be a better choice for us. more tender but not as fatty as actual wagyu...
5	got the bone marrow flan as an appetizer.  it is very rich and buttery as some have said.  for the main course got the Japanese Wagyu ribeye.  it was like chewing on cotton candy it was so soft.  for desert, I got the banana cream pie. excellent, rich in flavor but tastes very light.
5	One of the greatest eating experiences we have had. The service is beyond belief, the food unparalleled .Lazlo, our head waitperson was the best. We wanted for nothing. Having eaten over the world, this ranks near the top.
5	For the people who have no idea about restaurants and great steak, that is unfortunate...I have read reviews in which people are very pessimistic everyone a favor and don't write reviews...and also steak houses are expensive especially in Vegas, so when writing a review please stop talking about price, it seems redundant..if you bitch about the prices, just leave because you get what you pay for in this restaurant...I have dined in many different steak houses across this country and some in France as well...I  cook and enjoy many different kinds of steak as i order about 13 lbs of different kinds of American beef, (prime dry aged, different farms, different cuts) per week... so I get the idea about steak... The Japanese Kobe was so great it nearly brought me to tears, it blew away the other waygu that was on the menu (i tried all)...as for the other steaks...great selection and reasonably priced from what I have had in past steakhouses...you can get the other steaks besides the Kobe online...infact i order the American waygu strip they serve their through that particular farm and now have 10 lbs in my freezer:)...service was sharp and impeccable...if anyone doesn't agree with that, you probably were and are the problem.  I don't like alcohol, therefore i didn't care for the desserts, but I'm sure they were great for someone who likes that kind of thing.  I had such a wonderful time there and wish there was one down the street from me...If you consider yourself a steak fan, understand real passion about food, and don't care about price (even though it wasn't that bad), you are doing yourself a disservice if you don't go to this restaurant...if you like to bitch and complain about everything, cheap, and have no clue...dont go to this restaurant...infact stay home and don't write reviews....Your ever loving steak fan,Jon K
4	good steak food.  Good service, expected for this tier of restaurant.
5	In the middle of stuffing my face with hors d'oeuvres at a convention party, my husband and I were invited to a group dinner at CUT. We almost declined because we had eaten our weight in cocktail shrimp but decided to go anyways.BEST MELT IN YOUR MOUTH STEAK EVER. Even though I was stuffed I found room at CUT.
5	My husband and I frequent CUT for special occasions and the food, service, and ambiance is worth every penny.  We have been there over 5 times and have never had a complaint.
5	Great ambiance - 5 stars.  Great staff - 5 stars.  Red wine was decanted and prepared well.  Ordered 35 day rib eye, and 21 day petite cut fillet mignon and porterhouse.  All were excellent.  Porterhouse was cut and served very well.  Tenderloin portion melts in your mouth.  No need for appetizers cuz amuse bouche and choice of bread were very good.  Focused on the meat.  This might be the best yet.  5 stars all around!  Highly recommended.  Nice chef's dessert for the celebrants.
4	Our whole game plan for New Year's in Vegas was to stay near our hotel and avoid the madness on the strip, so thank God Cut is located in the Palazzo!  I've dined here a couple times before and each time was a hit!Ambiance: very modern and niceService: while our waiter was really good, the restaurant itself gave us a huge problem adding 3 more to our party.  We were told repeatedly they didn't have any room, but when we sat down there was plenty of tables to accommodate our party, and they were empty the entire time we were there! Our waiter was nice enough to add extra seats to our table thoughFood: ALL the steak here is amazing, whatever cut you go with, I guarantee you will love it!  If you are not a steak lover, their chicken is pretty amazing too, as is their sea bass.  You cannot go wrong!The only qualm I have is with the side dishes...besides the truffle mac and cheese, the other side dishes were not worth the money and just kind of blah tastingIf you come here be prepared to pay $$$$ but you get excellent food in return!
5	Great food and great service! My husband and I love trying new restaurants and even though we are vegetarians, steak houses usually are very accommodating and in this particular case, Cut has a wonderful Vegetarian tasting menu! The service for locals is incredible and Roberto Garcia (manager) was a great host.
2	I actually was a really big fan of Cut.  I have told a number of people in LA that if they are going to grab a steak in Las Vegas- this is the place.  My first experience the quality of service was amazing from the hostess to the server to the back server- it set the bar.  Their American Wagyu steaks are fantastic quality and while their sides are at a premium, they deliver- especially the mushroom and shishito peppers and mac & cheese.This last visit on Thursday night- everything was going well until my medium rare steak came out medium well to well done.  I always cut into the middle of my steak to check- so, I immediately caught the mistake and called my server over to get another steak cooking- this is where Cut started handling it wrong.  The server immediately grabbed the steak and said he would have another one cooked, but did not acknowledge that I was right to ask for another one to be made and no apology.  I'm definitely not the guy that wants anything comped, but I'm also the guy that doesn't want to be made to feel like a horse's patoot when my $80 steak is obviously miss prepared.So, my entire family ate their meal while I watched- the server didn't even bring me an empty plate to maybe eat some of the sides during the wait.  So, I finally got my steak after everyone at my table had finished- it was excellent.  But, to add insult- the back waiter asked in an accusing manner, if the steak was "cooked to my liking"- of which I replied- "yes- you mean- did you guys cook it medium rare".  The back server made me feel like I had been a difficult guest versus a guest that just wanted to have a nice dinner with my family and would have enjoyed to have eaten that dinner at the same time, but understands that mistakes happen- but, now was being made to feel bad- when the restaurant blew it.As I was paying my $600+ bill, I asked my waiter why he did not apologize or maybe get a manager to apologize for messing up my first steak and worse- making me feel like I was being difficult.  I asked him if either of the two managers knew that I ate my dinner at a different time than the rest of the table.  He said that they had been informed.  It was not busy-it was 7pm on a Thurs with a dining room 25% filled- the managers were struggling to find things to do.  I wish Cut the best and think that their servers are great and their food is even better.  But, they need to change their policy of how they handle guest complaints.  Their managers and servers need to know it is OK to say the words- "we are sorry"! Most guests that can afford to eat at restaurants in the CUT price range are not looking for something free- but, they are almost all asking for the service and food to be done right.  Usually if a spend a few hundred dollars on a meal, I want to feel good about it- they made me feel like an ass.  Thank you CUT for the awful night.
4	bread and the cheese puffs at the beginning were so yummy, don't be afraid to ask for moreif you go with Japan wagyu kobe, just get the 2 oz one which was just perfect for me.  These are so fatty, marbled that anymore would be too much and ruin the good thing, IMHO.
5	Stopped by CUT for a quick cocktail and dessert before heading out to Lavo... great vibe/decor, fabulous staff and unique cocktails! I can't wait to go to Vegas and actually have a full meal at this restaurant.
3	Hype. I try to go to a restaurant/establishment at least twice before yelping it, but let's face it, I'm never going back. It's so completely overpriced and waaaay too much beef for one person to eat. The two best things I had on their menu weren't even their "dry aged a million years" steaks. It was the chicken and Kobe Steak Sashimi. I could eat those two things everyday for a year. If you're debating between the regular steak and Wagyu, spend the extra money. You can absolutely taste the difference. But both are not worth the money you'll spend here. I honest-to-god feel like I've had better steak at Morton's - tastier, more tender, way better value.If I could have a re-do at this place I would've ordered family style. It's just not right for a single person to eat that much meat in one sitting. Don't forget to order the Steak Sashimi!
5	Absolutely love this restaurant! Celebrated my husbands birthday here with friends and everyone is still raving about it. Ambiance is modern, food is fantastic and service was great, but expect to pay for it. Highly recommend if you're looking for a fantastic restaurant in Vegas!
5	we had wonder full time here service was great, and the food " steak"  it is one of the best we try we will be back again and again thanks guys
3	Nothing really special here.  CUT las vegas is just your average steak restaurant with inflated prices.  You can't really go wrong with steak here so you'll experience a great meal but at the same time you'll have to pay top dollar for it since this is Vegas!The Wagu steak from Japan was sublime but it was the most expensive steak on the menu...
5	The food is amazing. The staff is very friendly, overall had a great time. Its a lot better than Cut in Beverly Hills, CA.
3	I had to take off two stars because they got our order wrong.We ended up being confused as to whose plate belongs where. It took them awhile to realize we weren't eating....I ordered an Idaho kobe beef - Rib eye.My brother ordered 100% wagyu new york steak.Both of us got Idaho kobe beef new york steak.This is something that should not happen to customers. However, the overall experience was worth the price we got.They greet you right at the door, seat you at your table, place the napkins on your lap, and then a waiter will come straight away.You don't really need appetizers when coming here because they load you up with a lot of bread (cheese puffs are amazing!) Then load you up with more bread. They also refill you water constantly - if it looks like it's getting low, a server will appear to refill your water.  Right before each dish that arrives, a server will come to clean the linen and place mat before setting down the dishes.  And then someone comes around, educating you about the different beefs they have at CUT (they have 100% Japanese Wagyu beef and the snake river Idaho Kobe beef.  For those looking for 100% Japanese Kobe beef, don't look to getting it here - go to Shibuya inside the Bellagio. They serve it for $290).For the sides we ordered the mac 'n cheese and the creamy spinach. I enjoyed the creamy spinach more, but both are good.For dessert, I ordered the banana cream pie with banana cream sorbet and banana creme brulee.  However, I only really liked the sorbet.When they bring in the checks, they give you some small sweets (one for each guest).Overall, this place had its ups and downs.  I would come back here just because I kind of enjoyed the service (aside from my order mix-up). The snake river Idaho Kobe beef was pretty good, and I may order it again next time around (or the Lobster, I had my eye on that also).
5	One of regular place to eat when we come to Vegas. Been here about 12 times. Most of times I get medium-rare Nebraska 35 dry aged 12oz Ribeye (tried other cuts but regretted since the rib-eye was so good).  Out of 12 times, one time it was little over done (prob medium) and the other time it was little over-seasoned. But still, steak is really good. I still remember the very first bite, which automatically gave me a smile with wow. For the appetizers and sides, try to avoid greasy items like fries or onion rings since it will ruin your appetite for meat. Level above Mastro's or Ruth Chris.
5	I was really impressed by CUT.  It really is an experience and an education.  Before you order, they explain the different types of steak that they offer by actually bringing the meat on a cart out to the table.  Everything that I ate was delicious and I am not a huge red meat eater.  The quality of the meat was wonderful.  We each ordered the plates that included a cut of several of the steaks.  It was cool to be able to taste each steak without having to actually order several different steaks.  It is very expensive, but in my opinion, it was totally worth it.
5	Hands down best steakhouse I have come across.  I've had a few of their steaks, from the high end kobe to the middle end Nebraska rib eye.  I try to dine here every time I come to Las Vegas.  Service and quality of everything in the restaurant are excellent.  I recommend this to everyone and anyone when they tell me they're going to Las Vegas.
5	This was our 2nd time dining at CUT and we were impressed both times. The service and food are outstanding. I had an aged filet the first time and an American wagyu filet the second time.  The first was excellent but the American wagyu was AMAZING! All appetizers were delicious - between our party we had beet salad, steak tartar and pork belly. The pork belly was out of this world and was so flavorful. All sides were delicious. We will definitely return on our next Vegas trip.
4	One of the best steak I has ever had.  Very pricey here, but it's totally worth it. =)
4	The CUT beats Craft out in terms of atmosphere and comfort (at least in Vegas). The tables aren't as tight, the service is a bit more on point and I do get a kick out of seeing the bits of cow before it goes in to get cooked. We tried the bone in ribeye and the wagyu tasting trio. Considering how small the pieces of the trio look, you will get full since the ounces do add up. It's hard to eat wagyu while you're eating anything else- the marble meat just melts in your mouth and makes all other meats feel tough and blah. Fatty fatty wagyu, what have you done to me? The steaks were good (even the ribeye was decadent the next day, cold but delicious). However if I were to compare the quality, I would say that steakwise, Craft edges out ahead. I felt their cuts were cooked to more of a flavorful end. The ribeye was a little dry (I got medium) and the wagyu was good but lacked the umph that I got from Craft's fabulous skirt. (The Craft's ribeye was good too, but the skirt was amazing for the price.)Sides were typical, water was refilled and we had a good dining experience. The place gets filled up after 7:30 so reservations are recommended!
5	Very delicious steaks - savored each bite, I don't have a favorite because there were so many good ones.  Luxurious, elegant atmosphere.Good for group dining or couples.Great place to celebrate an occasion or milestone with friends.
2	Food was good BUT next time I spend $1000 on a meal... I'll go elsewhere.  Very pretentious.
1	Service was horrible.  Six of us went to dinner and as we have done for 20 years, brought our 20-30 year old wines to enjoy with dinner.  In the past, we paid $25-$50 corkage which was fine.  Cut limited us to only 2 bottles for 6 people.  We had 5 people, and of course we wanted to sit together, so we negotiated to get 3 bottles.  We tried to split tables as we get 2 per table, but they wouldn't let us do that.  So, we agreed to open 3 bottles.  They would charge $50 corkage.  That's $50 to open and drink a bottle of wine we brought to the restaurant.  They would waive that corkage fee if we bought a bottle from them equal to or greater in value than $50.  So, we sat down and ordered our first 2 bottles of wine for $50 each, minimum.  Another person appeared and told us that, as our wines may have been worth more than $50, we would have to buy a bottle from them equal to or greater in value than each bottle we were opening.  Scott said he had bought his 2 bottles for about $10 in the 1990's.  Who knows what they're worth now?  They appeared prepared to haggle over the value of our wines.  This was such nonsense, we finally just got up and left.  They didn't try to stop us.  Last year, Carnevino accepted us without such stupid rules and we were allowed to bring our own wines.  We were told this is Wolfgang Puck's rules, so we had no choice.  In reality, they just wanted us to pay for hyper inflated wines from their wine list - they charge 4 or 5 times the market price of a wine - and also pay them for over priced steaks, together with terrible service.  We left, found Morel's, a much better restaurant, and enjoyed our wines and a great dinner.  The wait staff was attentive, helpful and appreciative.  Cut is not a place to eat if you want to be treated well, unless you have a huge wallet and willing to unload it there.None of our party will ever patronize a Wolfgang Puck restaurant in this lifetime.  We encourage you to do the same.
5	I'm not sure who orders $82 steaks, but my $68 bone in filet was excellent.  The sides were great, and the sauces were a nice complement.  The wine list on the iPad was fun, and the list was great especially for wines by the glass.  The waiters were very nice to my 14 year old son who stuck with steak, fries, and 3 bottles of Norwegian still water!  I would go again in a heart beat, but I'd be sure task for one of the hip booths!  Oh, the Parmesan bread sticks were amazing...almost the best part!
1	I wish I could say I had a great dining experience at Cut, but unfortunately it wasn't even close.  The service was great, the food was terrible.I've been to all the major steakhouses in LA and LV...except for Cut.  My friends recommended that I try it out because it has been one of their favorite destinations for steak.  Trying to put the hype aside, I went in there with an open mind and a large appetite.  I was sold on the American Wagyu Ribeye, ordered medium-rare.  When it came out, it was probably closer to medium than medium rare.  Not a deal breaker.  I took my first bite...gristle.  Yes, I know ribeyes tend to be a little fatty, but this was chewy...to the point where I couldn't chew anymore and had to spit it out.  The next bite is right in the center, where I think it would melt in my mouth (wagyu!)...and gristle again.  Ok, it's been established that this steak does not melt in my mouth as promised.  The third bite is when I realized that I'm not tasting the meat, but instead just a bunch of seasoning...mainly salt.  I thought I might have had a bad steak, but I asked around the table (7 of us) and everyone agreed with me and had the same feedback.  There were talks of Cut having an "off night," but I stand pretty firmly on this: an establishment like Cut does not have an "off night."  If it did, it wouldn't be THIS off of a night.Needless to say, we paid the bill and vowed never to come back.  Ok, maybe not never, but it will be a while before I can take the plunge again and pay close to $200 for what's supposed to be an amazing dining experience.
5	If you're trying to get some brownie points with the significant other, may I recommend Cut by Wolfgang Puck.I'm usually pretty picky on giving out 5 stars especially on these high end restaurants as you should expect such quality but here's why specifically I'm giving 5 stars here.My friends and I did a walk-in on friday night with no reservations (BIG mistake) and of course the wait time was hours on end, they managed to sneak us in the bar area and do dinner service there.We told the server we were in quite a hurry and the server gave us very accurate times on expectations of when our food order would arrive even when choosing on how our meat would done. IE well done would take this amount recommend Medium etc etc with our time frame.My friends were also talking about quite a large bet they had going on a certain game(it's vegas right?) and without asking, the server changes the channel on the tv closes t to us to that game.Food came out as you would expect from a high class chef from a high class restaurant. 4-5 servers explaining each item etc etc. Salivating just thinking about it really.Constant check ups from the servers. Water glass never empty. Service just awesome.If you're going to splurge on some food. Do it here.
4	The food was UNBELIEVABLE!!!! The best steak I have ever had; however the place is pricey!  My husband and I SHARED a salad, a bottle of wine, the N.Y. sampler (with an additional 2 oz. of Kobe) and the Mac &amp; Cheese side (the waiter told us that truffles were available and did we want them on the mac &amp; cheese... what he didn't tell us was that they would add $85. to the price (making our side dish cost over $100!)). Our bill came to just under $500. (mind you we shared/split everything).   The service and environment were less than I would have expected when spending that type of money for a meal, that is why I give them 4 stars instead of 5. I had to ask 3 times to get additional butter for the WONDERFUL breads that we were served and the place was EXTREMELY noisy,    I will visit again and encourage everyone to try the Japanese Kobe at least once in their lifetime.
5	By far the best steakhouse in Las Vegas. Ate there twice this week with both nights being outstandingBartenders are some of the best - I go there once or twice a year and yet they always remember me and treat me like a regular Try everything on the appetizer menu - even the tongue - you will be surprised. Cocktail list and bourbons are out if the world. The waygu filet didn't need a steak knife - melted. The mushrooms and peppers are amazing. All in all one if the best steakhouses I go to. Can't wait to be back
3	Had a nice dinner here a few years back after doing lots of research, but unfortunately it didn't live up to it's hype in my opinion. The place was happening and had a good vibe but something was lacking. Maybe it was the dishes that I ordered because only one stood out from what I remembered. Service was excellent though I must admit.Recommendations: American Wagyu Beef Sashimi
5	If you're looking for amazing steak and great service, this is the place. I ordered the American kobe beef, it just melted in my mouth. (What I would give to go back to Vegas for it!) Before the meal, a waiter/waitress comes to your table and explains to you each part of the steak that they have available. Great for those who don't know which cut of meat they really like. The crab cake appetizer was also amazing. Forget this, the entire meal was amazing! Price was what I expected, so no surprise there. Definitely a place to check out!
5	The service was ok but the food was perfect.
5	Cut is absolutely amazing!! The best steak and food I've ever had! I took the boyfriend here for Valentine's Day and it was definitely worth it! The best meal we ever had!! Everything was perfect! The service is fantastic and the wine selection was to die for! If you're looking for a good steak restaurant Cut is the place to go!
3	I was really looking forward to CUT, and was hoping I would have liked it better than I did.It was a good experience, its a sleek, modern ambiance and the service is top notch.   The waiters go above and beyond... they're helpful, pay attention to detail, and educate (a bit too much... i don't care if Voss water is from Norway!!)  Service wise it was what you'd expect from a top notch steakhouse.  They bring out the steaks on a platter, of course pointing to the most expensive Waygu Ribeye and recommending it very heavily.  I went with the bone-in ribeye and was disappointed.  Granted, I'm very particular of my steaks and steakhouses.  I kept on thinking how I could make a better steak myself.  I ordered the steak medium rare, but it was more of a medium cook.  It had a dryness that didn't bod well with me.  I was surprised the marbling and bone didn't give the steak much flavor either.  Sides were good.  Mac and cheese was mac and cheese.  Solid, but nothing special.  Potatoes were good, went well with the steak.I've heard some people say that they love this steakhouse, which I find surprising.  With so many other great steakhouses in Vegas, I wouldn't come here again.
3	Before dinner, I got a Dark and Stormy at the bar. Very good, they even garnished it with with a piece of crystallized ginger, which I thought was a really nice touch. For those of you who don't know what a Dark and Stormy is and are wondering what the hell ginger is doing is doing in a drink....it's basically ginger beer (much more of a ginger flavor than ginger ale), black rum, and lime juice. Try one, they're tasty and refreshing.Anyway, as for dinner, we started off with the crab & shrimp cocktail. It was ok, nothing spectacular.Then came the steak. I opted for one of 21-day aged steaks. These are the cheapest on the menu and are not the dry-aged ones. I had the bone-in ribeye. Now I know dry-aged is better than a normal aged steak (wet aged), but a) it was the end of my trip in which I had already spent a ton of money and wanted to go for the cheaper option and b) I've had plenty of good ribeyes that were not dry-aged. Well, it was kinda tough, too lean for a ribeye, lacking fat marblization, and wasn't exactly bursting with flavor. Overall it was an ok steak, just not what a ribeye should be and therefore disappointing. The creamed spinach side was ok and the mac and cheese was pretty good. We skipped dessert because we had a show to catch, so I'm not sure what I missed out on. I'm sure the dry-aged steaks here are better and I'm sure the wagyu is quite good. But a good steakhouse should still have a good wet-aged ribeye. So in comparison to other upscale steakhouses, this is mediocre. I guess maybe all the people ranking this as one of the top steakhouses in Vegas had the better steaks on the menu (dry-aged, wagyu).
3	If you're looking for a nice piece of meat you'll certainly get that here but I think it's average at best overall.  I tried 4 different steaks, New York Sirloin from Nebraska, New York Sirloin from Washington, the Ribeye from Illinois and one of the American Waygus. The Waygu was overcooked, ribeye tasty and both sirloins my favorite of the 4 (I actually liked the Washington best because it was kind of sweet which sounds weird for a cut of beef but it was really different and tasty).With that being said, I thought the sides were EH...cream of spinach my favorite, fingerling potatoes kinda crappy (I think I've had better at Outback), mac n cheese ok, mashed potatoes kinda like Boston Market, you get the idea.The wine selection was excellent though and so was this cocktail I got called Pins and Needles that's a gin drink served with cucumber and egg white.  It's only about 1/4 of the way full when you get it which is certainly disappointing but I guess standard for a top notch steakhouse (or big name I should say) but definitely delicious and refreshing.Best part hands down was the service. Very elegant and over the top but a lot of fun. I think I'll try a different steakhouse next time though since I know there are better ones in Vegas and plenty to choose from.
2	Overrated. I think I ordered the wrong steak but at $60 a steak, I still expected a good steak. I read the reviews and I still ordered the bone in since bone in has such good flavor. Yes, I understand it wouldn't be the most tender cut of meat, but it was chewy. I have had much better steaks in texas (also corn fed like they highly describe on their menu and by the waiter) than at cut. The rest - the sides were ok. i really enjoyed the mac and cheese that gets prepped (stirred) at the table as well as the spinach with egg. But the other sides were just ok. Wine/drink: they had a drink menu on an ipad and yes that's impressive but when it's a group of seven (mostly guys - i was the lone girl) it might be smart to give us more than one unit. The cheesy bread was amazing - that's the only reason this place got two stars. Service was great - but expected at a place of this size. All said and done, I paid two hundred dollars for my meal of a bad steak and ok mac and cheese. will not come again.
5	Can't go wrong with Porter House Wagyu and finish sweet with Chocolate Souffle. Puh~feik.First CUT location we tried after hearing so much about it from fellow carni-foodies. The verdict, it lives up to the reputation.  From the service to the food, to the ambiance and the servers attitude our dinner experience couldn't have been better.  It was New Years' Eve night and we got in early to the restaurant. Got seating in the bar area, which was perfect for us, we enjoy people watching as entertainment with our meal. And there was plenty interesting ones to watch that night.The service was prompt and not the typical stuck up manner found in the old school steakhouses, but easy going, polite and humorous.  We shared the generous portion of the Porter Wagyu and ordered a couple of starters (they are quite petite in portion) and sides.   True to the reputation of a great steakhouse, the Porter Cut meat was tender, juicy, and just right - medium rare. It's buttery and tasty. I could almost say that it melts in my mouth, but then not really :) you still have to chew the meat a little. It is after all, meat, not ice cream.To close the menu I chose the Chocolate Souffle. My review on that is: Ooohhhhh YUMMMMMMMM....~ *insert food-gasm here*Have I had better chocolate souffle? I don't think so. Not yet. So for now, CUT has the crown. We scraped clean the souffle in 5 minutes top!!  Not to worry, the second night we were there, I savored it longer. (yes, we were there again for dinner the next night...)All I can say is it was a perfect dinner to ring in the new year.
5	As sad as my wallet felt after this meal, my stomach danced a dance of a thousand smiles before, during and after this meal.  You say that this sentence makes no sense?  Well the level of deliciousness that this meal provided my tastebuds with didn't make sense either, but I'm not going to deny it.Any who... here is the breakdown of my heavenly dining experience:-American Wagyu Filet Mignon (om nom nom)-The sampler steak platter (if it is your first time, GET THIS.)-The bone marrow flan - odd texture, delicious flavors-The free bread - try the pretzel rolls.. you won't regret it-Mac 'n Cheese - if you like deliciously gourmet and rich mac 'n cheese, this is definitely for you (it's also super filling which is good since everything is pricey)-Spinach - not my favorite, I wouldn't order it againOverall, this place is incredible.  You have to go into it without price limitations to truly enjoy it, but once you get over the sticker shock, you will have an absolutely spectacular dining experience.  Definitely a "treat yo'self" kind of place.
4	ordered ribeye (no bone) at the cut.  it was good, but not excellent. perhaps should've ordered the ribeye bone (can't recall if it's even in the menu).  they gave a tray of breads to choose from.  took two, they were excellent.  got a red wine to complement (based on their recommendation).The steak was not as juicy as it could be, given the stature of the place, but it was nonetheless very good.  Service was excellent (at least compare to delmonico if you're in the venetian-palazzo vicinity).
5	An absolute divine dining experience that encompasses excellent meats and even better service.  We had no problem booking a party of twelve.  There were probably five servers assigned to just our party alone who made sure our wines were never empty and that everything way tip top at our table.  They showcased their prime cuts of meat in raw form and helped guide us to informed decisions based on our preference for flavor.  I had a bone in grass fed NY strip (20oz) that was cooked to perfection.  I specifically requested no sauce, with a dash of salt and pepper since I am a meat elitist, and I had no problem finishing the whole steak.  I loved their sauces, but most seemed to overpower the terrific flavor of the meats, so I would recommend not using the sauces, especially if you are opting for a special cut.  As for sides, they tasted pretty standard in comparison to other steakhouses.  I would recommend the potato puree and the spinach.  They also have an extensive wine cellar and you can definitely have some great pairings.PROTIP:  CUT is arguably one of the top steak houses on the strip.
5	Nice, clean ambiance.  Service was impeccable from the second we walked in..Wow to the red meat selection and undeniably the best rib eye I've ever eaten!  As for the sides, sauteed onions - amazing, but not such a fan of the cauliflower... but in the end, who cares because we came there for the meat!  Wine selection was also on par to what one would expect of fine dining..As was the bread!A little pricey - but again, expected, and well worth it!
4	Awesome wagyu filet. Mmmmm. Had a delicious specialty drink too. Probably won't ever pay that much again for dinner though, could have bought me a nice pair of shoes.
5	If I could give Cut 6-stars... I WOULD!Everything we ate was delicious.  From the unique and delicious bread selections to the salad (I recommend the beet salad) to the steaks to the desert to the coffee - everything was perfect.  Great service, great atmosphere.  I will definitely be eating here again when I am in Vegas next time.  Be careful though, it is EXPENSIVE! (but worth it)
4	I had dinner here last weekend. First of all, the service here is amazing. We actually couldn't get reservations for the main dining room-last minute decision to go-but we were able to get a reservation for the bar. Didn't even feel like we were at the bar-our server was so awesome. We started with the bone marrow flan. Oh my gawd. Must try!! It was so good!!! Presentation was beautiful, too. It came with slices of brioche so you could smear the delectable bone marrow on it. The brioche looked like small triangles of wonder bread, but definitely did not taste like cheap wonder bread. I'm sure a stick of butter was used on each slice, but it was delish! The bone marrow-delish!! Then we had the pork belly. Sweet and smoky. Very tender. Another must try! Then for our main entree, my friend and I both got the Tasting of New York Sirloin. The USDA prime was very tender and delish. The Japanese Wagyu-AMAZIING. so tender. Melted in my mouth. But I've never had it before, so I might sound a little over zealous. But seriously, amazing. Too bad the tasting only comes with 2 ounces of it. The American Wagyu. Meh. I didn't even finish it. I prob should've ate it first, not last. Haha. The Japanese Wagyu put it to shame. We also ordered the creamed spinach with fried organic egg. Yumm. Great complement. Overall, great experience. But if I come back, I'll have to save up and get a normal size portion of the Japanese Wagyu. Mmmmmm. So good!
5	A dinning experience for sure!I've been here twice:  once with a party of 6 and once with a private party of about 50.  Both "experiences" although different were superb!  We were not on the "paying end" at either event, but I can tell you this place ain't cheap.  However, the service is amazing!  Seriously, you just don't get service like this anymore unless you are shelling out big bucks.I have nothing but "atta boys" for this place, amazing!
5	BB introduced this place to me and I LOVED it!came here to celebrate anniversary and birthday with a party of four.  New York Wagyu - Austrailia Medium = the magic New York Wagyu - Japan Medium = the magic x 100000 and explosion in your mouthSide of cream spinach pairs well. desserts: souffle and banana cream pie both were delicious in their own accountsservice was spot on. I will be going back :)
2	I don't get it?  Food was totally mediocre.  The waiter paraded a platter of uncooked steaks trying to upsell like he was moving timeshares except instead of free Disney tickets our bill was $160 per person, group of ten.  There are much better steak houses.
3	Great food if you only like to eat steaks which I'm not a big lover of steak. Their appetizers are great but very rich so be prepared for an experience. The service is top notch with any truly high end restaurant. The food was overrated; our steaks weren't prepared as we had requested and therefore had to be recooked to our liking which only became wasted since they recooked an entire steak just for us.
3	Awesome food, service needs a kick in the ass.  The Food was excellent.  Our table of four had three different steaks and a roast chicken dish and each one was perfectly cooked and complimented the wine and sides creating flavor sensations. While the bar was not crowded, it was inaccessible because they let people dine at the bar, and it's just not big enough for that. This takes the fun out of having a drink at the bar before or after your dinner.  To get your drink, you have to reach over somebody who is trying to enjoy their $200 dinner.  Awkward.  Service was shockingly spotty.  We sat at 8:30 (three of us had drinks from the bar) and by 9:10 our fourth still didn't have her cocktail.  I only realized how long it took because we were waiting to toast an anniversary, the occasion we were celebrating.  Forty minutes is way too long to wait when the restaurant is not shy about charging $24 for a Cosmo.I didn't like how the steak salesman (beefomillier?) interrupted our conversation to explain to us why we should buy a 6 oz piece of wagyu for $200 without so much as a "hello."  But by this time I was aggravated about waiting for the cocktail, so my patience was wearing thin.   But really, he's not helping you decide what to order, he's only selling the six most expensive items which are on his cart.  At Morton's, they bring a sample of each piece of meat to show you to help you decide, and take your order right then and there. I liked how they present the food, all four dinners hitting the table at precisely the same time.  That's the level of service we expected.  I did not expect them to completely forget my side order of mushrooms.  I pulled the manager aside to discuss and I guess he agreed because he comped us $170 worth of drinks and sides.  We never saw our waiter again.  The manager brought us our check.
5	This review is for the bar only. They have the best drinks in town. All of the juices are fresh, no cans here baby. They will make you anything you want and have so many ideas for new drinks. Will make a drink special for you right there on the spot.Oh and can you say "Duck Fat Popcorn"?? Served at the bar with the drinks. If you have never tried duck fat popcorn, you have no idea what you are missing. Even if you do not like duck, you will love this popcorn and be stuffing your face.You can make your order on I Pads which is fun, especially if you are wasted on good drinks and duck fat.Definitely check this place out. Can't wait to try the food.
3	When a restaurant unilaterally cancels your reservation and doesn't call you, it's a bad sign.  I was shopping at the Wynn when I noticed an email from Open Table informing me that CUT canceled my reservation.  I called the and they said it was impossible for me to have received an email since they didn't have me in the system.  I offered to forward the cancellation email to them, but the lady got really rude and I told her to go ahead and cancel the reservation and that I would find somewhere else to have dinner.  Luckily the husband and I were here the night before for drinks and sliders at the bar, so I had a taste of what the place was like.  I'm not sure if I would try it for dinner next time I am in Vegas because the female bartender was a total beast and snobby.  The male bartender was nice.  So yeah, they need a lesson in customer service - Wolfgang needs to make an appearance and kick some booty!
5	Cut remains one of the top steakhouses in Vegas.  Why the update?  The return of real Japanese beef to the menu.Excess Foodie Trivia:  Japanese Wagyu beef varies in quality and flavor depending on sub species, rearing, and environment.  There are dozens of Wagyu "brands", the top being Matsusaka Ushi (virgin females fed rice and beer, massaged daily producing extremely deep even marbling, whose fat is the only one that melts at human body temperature).  Kobe with its rice like aroma and Omi with its viscous fat round out the top three.  Regardless of brand and ranking in Japan, all are far beyond the quality of the best USDA Prime.Back to Cut. Outstanding starters are modified seasonally.  I'm longing for Autumns return and the incredible carpaccio with celery hearts, truffle hollandaise and shaved white Alba truffles.  Perhaps the perfect version of a carpaccio, white truffles enhance the sweet, mineral beef flavor and the otherworldly white truffle hollandaise it's richness all surrounded by an umame fog of aromas.  The bone marrow flan is extremely rich, it's flavor sweetened by an earthy mushroom marmalade and brightened by an herbaceous, green parsley salad.   Excellent.To the beef.  All grilled over hardwood for a gentle smoked flavor and finished under a broiler.  Well seared, very evenly cooked, always to temperature.In general, bone in USDA prime cuts are gently aged deriving their beefy flavor from the bone.  Hearty beefy texture and deep beef flavor.  The boneless cuts have more aging and a nuttier, more pronounced umame goodness.  Slightly greasy, mouth feel and lingering flavor.  Very high quality AMERICAN steaks.  The American wagyu, very tender, sweet, mild beef flavor.  Extremely rich whose fat leaves a slight cloying mouth feel..Finally,  Japanese wagyu from Saga prefecture.  A4 quality.  Deep, even marbling.  Very sweet with a good beef flavor.  Extremely rich.  Very smooth mouth feel, the fat is not cloying having the viscosity of wine, not olive oil. Excellent.Many return visits, still no desert.Service remains Steakhouse refined and efficient.  The wine list remains excellent.Prices match the quality but hey, it's Vegas, all it takes is one spin.
4	I was pleasantly surprised at how much better the ribeye was as compared to CUT-Beverly Hills.  Service here was excellent and my steak was prepared perfectly and tasted way better than the one I had in BH.  The sides were also excellent.  Atmosphere is relaxed and enjoyable.   Would go back anytime though not to the one in BH.
4	This is the second time I visited Cut and both times have been very good experiences - once in the restaurant and once just at the bar for some appetizers. The food is as you would expect, inventive and adventurous. Not everyday you get to try steak of this quality. It is missing the fifth star because the food, while very good, it isn't THE best in Vegas. Also, the service is very, very Vegas - snooty without class, make you wait in line outside the club even though their is no one inside kind of crap. Not everyone there is like that, but enough of them are (especially at the hostess stand) to make it annoying.
5	Boy, oh boy. Wolfgang Puck, me likey! I got to experience CUT for the first time during my past Vegas trip (May 2013). It's tucked inside the Palazzo near the casino and shops leading to the Venetian. Step through the doors and you're transported into a very friendly, contemporary and modern atmosphere, which I loved. I had reservations, which I strongly suggest, so there was no waiting to being seated at our table. The inside decor is very modern and sheik. The ambiance and lighting are very on par with what I would expect to this type of restaurant. After being seated, you get to peruse their menu and look at the options you have for appetizers and entrees. You can also order drinks via iPad when your server gets to you. Your server also brings out a giant platter and explains the cuts and types of steak that you can order! Very informative!Shortly after ordering, the bread platters are brought around and you're asked which types you want. Being the fatty that I am, I asked to sample all of available breads.. heheh. My favorite was the cheesey bread! Eat as much as you want. Now onto the star of the show.. the steak. Oh wait, a very honorable mention goes to the supporting star, the bone marrow flan. What a perfect medley of flavor and texture to make this appetizer definitely a must try if you come here!For steak, we opted for the American Wagyu, one rib eye and one sirloin. Both were cooked and served close to perfection. Definitely one of the best steaks I've ever had in my life. The crust/sear on the steak was great and the flavor and doneness inside was amahhhzing. I would definitely recommend this type and cut of steak.Overall, the ambiance, amazing food and superb service match the price tag that comes with CUT. For just two people, the bill altogether (with tip and tax) came out to nearly $300. No drinks were had that night too, mind you. But definitely an experience and meal to remember. and hey, you're in VEGAS! Go big or just go home already.(FYI. If you choose/ask for 'still' water, they serve you VOSS water. Each bottle costs $9, mind you. That was an unexpected surprise when the bill came..)
5	Phenomenal experience for us. We made the reservation on Open Table and we were seated promptly when we arrived. The food is on the expensive side but you can totally tell why once you look at the menu and see Wagyu beef and other kinds of cuts of aged meat. Once I saw the Wagyu I had to try it. The texture and taste was really good. It was the most tender piece of meat I've ever had; so buttery and even though it was a small 6oz, I felt so full after eating their delicious bread and the steak with their sides. Their mac and cheese is so creamy and rich that I could only eat one spoonful of it.And what made the dining experience even better was their service. We never felt neglected. They came by often to check on us and I am not kidding you when I say our wine glasses were never empty. The server came by and refilled our water glass and wine glass periodically and checked on us to make sure everything was good. I've never had a service like that before and we were really impressed with their service.
5	Great food and service! We had the Waygu filet which was delicious and melted in our mouths! We could cut the steak with just a fork! We also tried the NY strip! Super juicy and seasoned just perfect. I added the caramelized onions and they were absolutely delicious! The mac and cheese that is made with four different cheeses was just to die for! It was so creamy and all the different types of cheeses made it taste so good! The other side we got was the creamed spinach. I liked it but probably would not order it again. It was very good but not as creamy and thick as I would of liked it. I like that they put the fried egg on top thought that was going to be good, but I would of preferred to have taken it off. They stirred the fried egg in, which added crunchy edge and I would of rather of kept that soft creamy taste throughout! Overall amazing experience and service was impeccable! A must try in Vegas!
3	Service gets 5 stars. The servers were attentive without hovering. Appeared when we needed them.The steaks were disappointing. In our group of 6, 5 ordered steaks varying from rare to med rare. I got chicken. All commented that the steaks were kind of tough. My tastes of theirs confirmed that. However the chicken was phenomenal! The best I have ever had. The apps were good as were the desserts. Don't go for the steaks.
5	Excellent service, atmosphere, and the food was outstanding. Everything I demand from a steakhouse. Given we spend a lot of money to fine dine, all of the key categories must be met for 5 stars, Cut meets a 5 rating in all areas.And an awesome selection of single malts to boot! I still love Del Friscos, but Cut will be on my short list while in Vegas.
2	Great service but my Rib Eye was overcooked, I knew I should have ordered "rare" instead of medium rare because what I got was "medium". The meat was hard to cut for a $65 dfollar steak and harder to chew than rib-eye's I grill at home. Appetizers were good but not great. I didn't think it was a bad experience, but definitely nothing special other than really good service.
5	My first ever celebrity chef experience, and what an insane experience it was. I honestly could not have been any more excited.Walking in the space was very contemporary. With some dim lighting and a upscale feel, you know you aren't on a college campus anymore. Lets walk through the list:Food: The steak was AMAZING!! We ordered a side of mashed potato puree and mac & cheese with our steaks. I didn't get the Wagu even though they made it sound like a godlike cow. I went for the U.S.D.A. Nebraska Cornfed cut with an Argentinian Chimichurri. The steak was perfectly cooked and just busted with flavor in my mouth. The mashed potato was very light and smooth, while the mac & cheese was very rich. All of which served with mounds of bread and parmesean encrusted sticksService: This is what set CUT apart frmo anything I've experienced. The service was so on point I honestly thought they had to serve in the military before they could be considered for a position here. Everything they said was articulated very well, and my glass was never even HALF EMPTY - always with cold water etc. The most impressive part was the serving of our food and at the end of our main course. They came around with 1 server per 2 people and served the entire table with our food and sides in a span of about 15 seconds - ridiculous. Then, as soon as the last person's fork hit the deck on their meal, they immediately asked if we were finished and cleaned out the whole table with multiple servers in about 5 seconds. I honestly couldn't believe it, and it was a spectacle to see. Very personal service and much appreciated - worthy of Mr. Wolfgang Puck for sure.All in all, I would give this place more than 5 stars if I could. Shoot, I could give it 5 stars just for the service, thats how awesome the experience was. I cannot wait to come again!
3	Very mediocre. The bone marrow flan is excellent, the wagyu filet was great, but the wagyu prime rib was really tough!!! Also, the service was quite poor. I've had much better steaks, and would not recommend Cut, especially given the price.
2	Came here w/ a party of 5 for a birthday celebration.5 stars for service, 2.5 stars for food.  I don't know if the restaurant mis-executed but our steaks were generally over-cooked.  My steak in particular was very over-cooked.Bone-In Rib-Eye, Illinois aged 21 days 20 OZ ($64) - below average, 2.5/5 -  They over-cooked my steak. I ordered medium-rare and the steak came out medium to borderline well.  The insides were dry and it was not tender.  The exterior seared portions were charcoal-black and very crunchy.  Again, I don't know if they mis-executed my order but I was pretty disappointed w/ my steak.  This is also a small nitpick - I also prefer the steak came out hotter; I know you are supposed to let steaks sit for 5 minutes before serving but my steak was very slightly colder than I enjoy."White-corn" Salad (Special) $20 - average 3/5. The salad "leaves" are replaced w/ corn (so it's like you are eating a bowl of corn).  Topped w/ baby tomatoes, goat cheese, and a type of mayonnaise-cream mixed w/ the corn.  It tasted okay.  I think they used too much mayonnaise/cream 'cause it tasted too creamy.  -The sides are served family style so we ordered a few items; Potato Tarte Tatin $19 (Pretty good), Mac & Cheese $12 (excellent), Yukon Gold Potato $12 (average), Tempura Onion Rings $12 (Below average). As such, I'd recommend the Potato Tarte Tatin & the Mac & Cheese.  Everything else was average.-Free parmesan bread sticks.  Also taste average but presentation is beautiful.-Free cheese-puffs bread.  Taste average but beautiful presentation.-Free-  4 types of bread (cheesy bread, pretzel, wheat and another I can't remember) .  Most of them are standard/average, but again, presentation is beautiful.  The pretzel was pretty good tho.-The steaks also come w/ 4 types of dipping sauces (mustard, hollandaise, French mustard, and another I can't recall).  I typically don't use dipping sauces w/ my steaks but it's an option if you fancy.Service is great, 5/5.  Ambiance is very modern & nice.TIPS:-Corkage $50
5	Fantastic food, service and ambience.I have dined here several times as its among the few best steakhouses in Vegas. Highly recommended!!
5	What is not to like about this spot.  Make sure you get a reservation first off. The service was superb, the various breads were extra tasty but the BEST part was the MEAT! I had a petite filet mignon which was so tender and well cooked. My hubby had this amazing marbled Japanese Waygu- whoa is all I can say. Every steak lover should try it at least once. It was so fatty but juicy. You gotta try it to understand. Save this spot for a special occasion or splurge!
4	I came here with a group of 8 friends celebrating our graduation from MBA school. Even though this is a classy place, its vegas so of course I walked in with a bud light in my hand. I didn't get any strange looks which was nice so I appreciated that. I arrived about 15 minutes late and the waiter was still able to get my order in on time, so even though this place is an expensive dining experience, there still not so stuck up to accommodate you.We weren't able to get a seat in the restaurant because they couldn't accommodate our size so be careful if you have more than 8 people, you'll likely be sitting in the lounge area. The guy I was sitting next to ordered the Waygu sampler and I received the NY strip from Nebraska, medium rare.The steaks were prepared to the right tenderness so no complaints. One strange thing I found is they do a seared crispy steak on top and generously season with Salt. Perhaps some people like it that way, but I wasn't one of them.As a steak aficionado, I thought the steak place in the San Francisco bay area to be better. For instance, the waygu at Alexander's was far above the quality of the steak here. But overall, it was still a good experience.
4	One of the best steak houses I've been to.  Your wallet will definitely pay for the experience, but it's completely worth it. LV has a slu of fantastic restaurants and CUT does not disappoint.
2	What a huge disappointment!  Love Wolfgang along with the look of this restaurant and the booth we were finally seated at, but those were the highlights of the evening.I should of known it wasn't going to be that great an evening when I ordered a Heineken only to be told, we don't offer it here, and then my wife orders a martini with extra olives only to have it served without olives and told I'll be right back with the olives I need to get them for the back, and this was at 8:30 pm!  So then I decide to order a chilled tequila to go with my Stella, which replaced the Heineken, in a martini glass straight up and a patron next to me takes an interests and asks the bartender, I'll have what he's having only to have a draft beer given to him.Next we are finally seated in a HUGE booth that had a view of every seat in the room, nice, but we are only a party of two, so it was a little much, but no complaints.  After a half hour of watching every party larger than two being seating and served in the room our waiter finally got around to taking our order, and mind you our drinks are now empty, and he never asked if we wanted another round, "just do you know what entrees you'd like?"  Unbelievable for what's suppose to be a classy joint.Finally the food arrives, I ordered the bone-in rib-eye medium rare only to have it still mooing, no sear or seasoning on it and my wife ordered the filet mignon medium rare only to have hers served medium and dry, so after an hour and a half of this lack luster performance we decide to forget about sending things back because we only had a weekend in town and only god would have known how long it would of taken them to re-fire our dinner, but figured instead we would something to management on the way out.  My wife asked to speak to the general manager instead of me doing so because I was ready to break him in half for ignoring us for wanting to speak with him about what we had just experienced at this fine dining establishment, but that turned out to be a joke as well, he offered nothing but excuses and no apology either, but would give a free appetizer next time we came in.  Really I thought, and told him there wouldn't be a next time.The only thing CUT was good for was cutting a  large sum of money from my wallet!
5	Wagu fillet mignon was exquisite and tender. Broccolini side dish was made with cheeses which was also great. California house cabernet was well balance d and delicious. Service was top. Overall 28 in zagat rating for food, ambiance, and service.
2	Two of us came here for New Year Eve dinner.  We were sat in the lounge area for dinner.  Granted we were walk-in and the main dining area was full.  The food was good, but nothing too special.  It was expensive for what it was.  Given so many options in Vegas, I probably will not go back.
5	The Wagyu steaks were divine. The steaks  were so tender and juicy! The sides were good albeit one of them was over salted for our taste. The service was impeccable. the ambiance was great. This is one of the best meals that we have ever had.
4	One of the best steaks I've had.  had the rib eye.. it was one of the most tender rib eye steaks I've had.  Corn / cream spinach side dishes were great.  Some of my friends had the filet mignon and they weren't terrible impressed with it.  but... this is about what I ate and i thought my meal was amazing.
5	From beginning to end, our dinner at CUT was amazing. The decor and ambiance are modern, sophisticated, and classy. The service was unparalleled. Erin, the server, was helped by about 6 others and was so attentive without being pushy or intrusive. There were four of us at the table, and we each had two cocktails. The bartender is quite talented, and knew how to make our favorites as well as produce some of the more creative and refreshing drinks I've encountered. Each was truly high quality and delicious.Appetizers: We were served amuse bouches and various breads with butter - each was a fantastic mix of flavors. We ordered the burrata with prosciutto, melon and fig. Cannot remember a better, more outstanding bite of food. And the tuna tartare, aside from being the best presentation I've seen of this dish, was also fresh, buttery, and delightful.We all ordered the grass-fed filet mignons. What a spectacular steak, expertly prepared and just lovely. The sides - spinach with garlic, roasted fingerling potatoes with bacon, and mac-and-cheese were elegant, tasty, and complemented the steaks perfectly.Dessert (can't remember, however!) was also wonderfully presented and served, and a great end to our dinner.If you are in Las Vegas and looking to have a luxurious, satisfying experience, try CUT.
4	The 10 of us came strolling in with our bowties/ties and suspenders at the behest of the bachelor's theme request for the evening's festivities. I was expecting a primo steak warmly coddled in the hands of what I heard were first rate staff. Suffice it to say I was not disappointed with the overall experience.We had ordered a few of the appetizers but I didn't try them so I'll move straight to the main event. I ordered the Petit Cut Filet Mignon(8oz), U.S.D.A Prime, Illinois Corn Fed, Aged 21 Days, medium rare and it was slightly less pink than I would have liked but the quality of the meat was superb. I had ordered one of the many optional sauces(Armagnac & Green Peppercorn) which I wasn't too impressed with even though our waiter had touted it was made with over 30 ingredients. More is not always better, at least when it comes to sauces?The table ordered several side dishes(White corn, Roasted fingerling potatoes, Wild Field Mushrooms) which were all excellent.Throughout our meal, the wait staff were demure and yet tastefully attentive. To be frank, I would give the service a slightly higher rating than the food but we all know it's not just about the food when seeking an exquisite dining experience.
5	One of the best steak restaurants I have ever been to. The food is amazing, the staff is courteous as well as informative and attentive to your needs. The menu selection is out of this world. They have everything ranging from appetizers, main courses, and sides of every premium meat available. A great place to dine at if you have a chance in Las Vegas.The only downside-if there is one-is that it is a pricey place. This isnt Outback or Black Angus where you get more a value for your dollar-but a premium steak restaurant. Everything is a la carte where you can order for yourself, or share, including the main courses and/or sides. A great place to dine if you have the extra money to spare. Definitely a place you should experience.
5	One of my new favorite restaurants. Exceptional service, food & ambiance. Well worth the $$$$$. It is a must try.
5	Now this an extraordinarily over-priced restaurant....that is completely worth every penny/benjamin. Great service as well! The royal treatment!
5	I dined solo. hostess seated me at the very front table. amazing pre dinner bread options. Amstel pretzel highly recommended. order a filet and skip the $2 sauce. try the bread sauces on the steak. amazing. no sides just bread. steak one glass of wine and one cocktail. afraid to see the bill. but worth every penny.
4	Really a 4 1/2.  Sat at the bar and Damien was the bartender.  Ordered a Ketel One up cold three olives, very good.  They bring over a bread selection and had the wheat and pretzel breads, very good.  Then the best part, ordered the short rib with Indian spices and the root veggie side.  Seriously, both were awesome.  The Indian spice wasn't spicy just flavorful and the short rib fell apart with a fork.  So tender!  Had a glass of the Twenty Bench cab with it. When dessert came up I opted out for a drink instead.  They have a ton of unique bourbon's, whisky's, and many many scotch choices.  I went for the Pappy Van Winkle in an Old Fashioned.  This stuff is so hard to find but they finished that bottle and opened another.  The fact that they had a another was surprising.  Great drink.  Finally, a single espresso shot.  Good service, nice ambiance, and phenomenal food.  Puck is still pulling it off.
4	Impeccable service! The manager Gianni, very personable and knowledgeable! He answered all my questions in depth. I definitely learned a lot about steak from him! Will definitely come back to try the sampler steak entree!!!
4	Overall experience was really good. The service was impressive, the dessert is really good. The steak is average. The New York was tough with silver lining and tendon. The Kobe was so so expensive but didn't wow me at all.
5	Perhaps the best steak I have ever had. We ordered the Japanese Wagyu steaks and they were amazing. They melted in your mouth. OMG. The service was great. The sides were great but expect to spend some serious cash. Bill with two steaks, one app, one side, and a couple glasses of wine came to around $400 but definitely worth it.
3	All things considered, 3 stars.My date, another couple & I went out to dinner here.  We had to wait a bit for our table which we didn't mind, and we were seated at the best one in the house.The GOOD:- Service seemed pretty on point the entire night, both from our server to the bread lady to the guys filling the water cups.  Server was very knowledgeable about wines & food.- Bread was RIDICULOUSLY good.  I highly recommend the pretzel bread & foccacia- Decor, presentation, ambiance was nice - feels like a fancy restaurant (but with upbeat music & less stuffy)- Steak itself was delicious - not the best I've ever had (I am partial to Morton's), but it was cooked correctly and very flavorful.  I tried both the American Wagyu (tasted like a cross between bacon & steak), and the traditional filet mignon.  I liked the filet better.- Sides - 2/3 were very good - I'd recommend both the mac and cheese and fingerling potatoes roasted with bacon and onions.  I'd skip the squash.The BAD:- This place is ridiculously overpriced, even for Vegas.  Some of the sides we ordered here (which one side could probably feed 2 people) were about $20 bucks, and our steaks were in the  mid $70s.  I've definitely spent more on dinner before and have felt great about the food and service I received - I did not have that same feeling this time.- They give you an ipad to order drinks and wine.  While we originally thought it was cool, it ended up being totally cumbersome and dissuaded us from ordering cocktails (we did have lovely wine though).- Upselling - When the waiter brought over the meats to show us, he only brought over the American Wagyu & Japanese Wagyu beefs - e.g., the most expensive steaks on the menu only.  I felt like this was a little obnoxious - if you're doing a steak demonstration you should be demonstrating all cuts of meat regardless.  As As I don't even like Wagyu beef I was a little bit put off by this.The UGLY:- So after all was said and done, for two apps, a bottle of wine, 4 steaks and 3 sides, the bill came out to about $430 dollars.The REALLY UGLY:- WHEN THE WAITER BROUGHT OUR CHECK OVER, HE TOLD US TO "make sure you fill out each of the three lines I wrote x's on" - which would be the tip, total, and signature.  I thought this was the single most obnoxious thing I had ever experienced after dropping over $400 bucks on a meal.  I ultimately tipped the waiter exactly 20%, would have tipped him closer to 25-30% if he hasn't felt the need to point the fact I needed to tip out to me, and in retrospect I feel like I should have been closer to 15%.  As a person who has worked in the industry and frequents different bars and restaurants, I'd immediately fire someone who suggested this to a patron.--------TL;DR - I'd pick another steakhouse - somewhere where you get a bit more value for what you're spending.
3	ive been here 3 times, the first 2 times i had the most amazing meals. i would look foward to eating here every time i came to vegas. the last time i went was soooo disappointing. and having a subpar meal at some places might be ok every once in a while. but for the prices they charge, there is no excuse for anything less than great.. 2 years ago i wouldve easily gave this place 5 stars. today it only gets 3
5	My husband and I came here to celebrate our anniversary. We had the wagyu filet and standard filet with mac and cheese and carrots as the sides. Everything was out of this world. The wagyu filet was the best steak we've ever had. The service was great: super friendly and helpful. We're huge fans of another Wolfgang Puck restaurant in Dallas, Five Sixty, but this was even better. We highly recommend Cut and desperately need one in the DFW area!
5	Impeccable service.  Love the sommelier.  Exactly what four carnivores needed after a long hiking weekend in the desert, and exactly what one should expect at such prices.  A contender for my last meal.
5	This place completely spoiled me when it comes to steak. I tried the sampler plate with the Japanese wagyu, American wagyu, and USDA Prime. Oh man, it was delicious! The USDA Prime was tender and had good favor, as did the Japanese wagyu. The Japanese wagyu was a little too fatty tasting though, for my taste anyway. But the American wagyu was by far my favorite, just completely knocked it out of the park. The sides and sauces were good too, but the American wagyu just outshined them all.I'm actually not a huge fan of Vegas, but I will come back for this. :)
5	Food was quite excellent.  Had the Kobe beef (not wagyu, the real Kobe) and was outstanding!  Cocktails and wine selection was outstanding as well.  For a steakhouse, would probably rate it one of the best I've been to but not a huge steak guy.  So I would say that this is definitely the place to break the bank for food but be prepared for a hefty fee!  Call George Clooney when in Vegas because you'll need the Ocean's Eleven guys to help steal some money from Bellagio to fund this feast!
3	I was having a staycation and decided to try something different...how much fun can I have without leaving the Palazzo? The restaurant was nice, we sat in the booth right in the front window which was actually pretty cool. The wait staff was attentive and very professional. Honestly though, I've had better steak at the local steakhouses off the strip. Not a bad meal at all, probably made better by someone else picking up the check!
5	Straight good!  Had the American Wagyu Filet, melts in your mouth.  Cooked perfect, incredible flavor and just the right amount.  I've eaten here a few times now, and every time, everything is pretty incredible.  The bread is good, the salads are good, the sides are awesome.  What more can I say?  Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.
3	My third time here. The food is blow away great. However, the front door staff and the manager (I think) totally blew me off when I asked how to find a taxi. When its 107 degrees, a little help finding the taxi stand would have been appreciated. Yes it was late and they were closing, but....
5	Their staff make sure that you have a good time. They take time to explain the menu , and the wines  . The wine list is not only excellent but is REASONABLE .
5	This is not a place to be stingy!  Pull out your big boy wallet and order the True Japanese 100% Wagyu Beef.  Yes, you are looking at about $130 for a steak, and no, there are no sides with it, but this will be the best piece of meat you have ever put in your mouth. [Insert perverted comment here] After all, this is the CUT in Sin City.Now that we got the main message out of the way lets talk about the rest. The room has a chic, modern, Vegas vibe.  The staff knows their meat and wine so feel free to ask lots of questions or let them guide you through the rest of the meal. Make sure you round out your meal with some of their great seasonal sides.That's it, it is that simple! Just remember to thank me later for pushing you to get the Wagyu, and hate me later because NO steak will ever live up to this one! *One last note...If you are that person that does not order their meat medium rare [to each their own, I guess], then take your big boy money down the hall and go to B&B for some pasta instead. No reason to waste that beautiful meat by having them over cook it.
5	There are more types of meat here than any other steakhouse.  They have dry age too.  Each is cut to perfection.  My friend who is a steak connoisseur selected it and from my experience I agree that it might be the best steakhouse in LV.  One of the most expensive too.
5	This was one of the best steak houses I have visited in Vegas.  The food was outstanding as was the service. It was a bit on the expensive side but if you are there for a good time, this is the place to go for a great meal. The desserts are also very good, save room for the banana cream pie.
5	Amazing birthday dinner.  With so many options in Vegas it is hard to find a place that is truly special.  The food was delicious and ambiance was awesome.  Christine provided an unbelievable experience as the sommelier.  I cannot wait to come back!
5	I thought I'd splurge a little bit visiting the area on a business trip, well recommended by a few others. Wide selection of high end quality beefs. I had the Japanese Wagyu steak - just to say I did and it was like butter! So damm good and it better be for the cost so stop by if you feel like blowing some money and feeling like a boss about it.
5	Amazing service, steak that melts in your mouth and great atmosphere. If you have a special occasion and love steak, Cut is top notch. This is a true steak house with many cuts of high end meat including both American and Japanese Wagyu beef. The service was impeccable and the manager stopped by twice to make sure we were ok with the table location and then again to ensure our satisfaction. My friend has a soy allergy and they accommodated her allergy by pairing a special sauce that was soy free. The American Wagyu was my favorite out of the tasting plate. I don't know how I will ever eat another piece of meat without comparing to Cut!!! The prices are best for those with deep pockets.... Worth every penny!
1	Our second trip to Las Vegas this year.  We love dining at fine restaurants, which we do all the time in NY.  We were told Cut is the best steakhouse ever.  I think the emporer has no clothes.  Waiting for our table we got drinks at the bar.  The bartender was a woman who was very bitchy and harried.  No big deal.  Inside the restaurant the service was terrific, the manager was very nice (there had been a problem with our reservation), comfortable booth, all good stuff.  Wine selection very good. Unfortunately the food, not so great.  Wagyu beef is an excuse to charge more per head.  Nothing on the menu at Cut comes close to the porterhouse at Peter Luger's in NY, or many other fine steakhouses.  Overall the food was ok, the experience was good, but not at all worth the price.  Later that night my wife got sick and puked, and I also had nausea.  Overall, glad I went so I can say I did, but probably won't be back.  Probably the most overrated restaurant I have ever eaten in.
4	I thought this place was delicious! We had a ton of appetizers, which honestly I can't remember specifically but it was good. As for the meat - I had ribeye wagyu, kobe, and bone in. All were great but wagyu was hands down my favorite.as for sides, we had mac n cheese and potatoes. both great.bring your wallet! This place isn't cheap, but so worth it.
1	What a total steak sin to overcook American and Japanese Kobe steaks ordered the perfect medium rare and serve them medium well. 4 of the 6 steaks ordered at our business dinner were grossly overcooked. A pet peeve of mine is being out on a business dinner and getting overcooked food because you can't really complain or ask to have your meal remade and make everyone wait around for you to eat. Oh well, gray steak for me!  What a sin!  Come on Cut, get it together. How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't even cook a steak.
5	Brilliant meal and service.  We sat at the bar to dine to save waiting for a table.  You MUST order the mac and cheese, it's fantastic! I'd go back just for that...
5	Great Best steaks we've ever had. The American wagyu is fabulous if you don't want to splurge on the Japanese. My husband had the sampler plate and it was phenomenal. Sides were delicious and the service was perfect-excellent but not intrusive. Wine suggestion made by the waiter was also perfect. A splurge but worth it if you want amazing steaks!
3	OK, yes  the steaks are over the top great here.  However I find the Japanese wagyu to be far too fatty for my taste.  The American Wagyu is just fine for me but again that is a taste issue.  Their Nebraska corn feed steak is no better than any steak you could buy at any steak house but will still probably cost you twice the price at Cut. Salads, appetizers, and deserts were all good to excellent as Wolfgang usually does.Waite staff was very attentive, knowledgeable about the steaks, and friendly.  So why 3 stars you ask?  CONS:  The dining room is getting a little dated over the years.  I found the seating and table to be uncomfortable.  The pricing is obscenely high even for Vegas.  Extensive but extremely expensive wine list for the majority of selections.  Noise level the night I was there was very loud as there was a large business meeting / group eating there that evening (often there is).  When  you spend this type of money on a meal  everything should be spot on!   PROS:  Overall excellent food and good service. Yes I still recommend and would return.
5	Go for the American Wagyu ribeye! I came here on a Sunday evening at 6pm. I had a reservation, but there were only a few tables at the time we arrived. I had heard there was a pre-theater menu, but the waiter informed me that doesn't exist anymore. Before you order, a server comes around with a tray of (fake?) slabs of meat and explains the difference between the Japanese and American Wagyu steaks. I decided to order the American Wagyu ribeye and my bf ordered the American Wagyu filet. We decided to go with the mac and cheese as a side. The waiter said that the Mac and cheese used 7 year old cheese. The full bread service here is amazing. A server came around with a tray full of a variety of different breads. The pretzel bread was my favorite; it was so soft with just the right amount of salt. The server had told us to expect a 30 min wait since the steaks are made to order, but I don't think I waited more than 15 min.Don't expect a fancy presentation with the steak. It is literally a piece of meat in the middle of a white plate. We both ordered our steaks medium rare, but I found my bf's filet to be more on the rare side. My ribeye turned out perfect though. It was flavorful and tender with just the right amount of fat. The mac and cheese was delicious. It tasted more like a pasta dish than just regular mac and cheese. At $88, this is by far the most expensive steak I've ever had. Was it worth it? I'd say yes!
5	Splurge worthy steaks!Cut is very expensive. Cut is also the best steakhouse in Vegas. The kobe sampler was really great. You can try the different styles of wagyu. Their other basic steaks are fantastic as you would expect. Also loved the beat salad. The sides were fantastic as well. And of course the deserts.Service is among the best in Vegas. The design is modern and very aesthetically pleasing.You will leave Cut with your stomach very full and your wallet very empty. Wolfgang really knows what to do.
4	Let me preface this review by saying I really struggle giving 4 stars. Yes, the food was good, and the service was great, but I just don't think you get a good value at CUT. There are better places nearby with equally good food and better atmosphere. So here's the info:Allergen info - I'm gluten free (BF is not) and they were amazing about all my questions. The server knew exactly what I could have, and every time they brought my BF bread (which was insanely often), they were apologetic that it had gluten in it. Atmosphere - Yes, as other posters state, it's quite chic looking inside. But it's also very LOUD. Like super loud. Like so loud even the waiter can't hear you. And they have you look at an iPad for drinks, which seemed interesting at first but was really just kind of cheesy. Steaks - I had the Illinois petite filet and BF had the Nebraska ribeye. Both were cooked perfectly with excellent texture and flavor (although my filet was a bit too salty from the rub).Sides - The polenta was delicious with so much cheesy goodness. I could've made a meal out of it alone. The broccoli was outstanding! It had just a hint of a kick from red peppers. Soooo yummy.Wine - selection was average but a bit pricy, even for Vegas. They had too few bottle choices under $100. Variety overall was just too limited. Service - was excellent. You never wondered if they were going to fill your glass. They were just there! We definitely felt well taken care of. Extras - we chose not to have dessert, but we were pleasantly surprised when they brought out some little bites with the check. They brought gluten-filled ones for my BF and brought me a little scoop of sorbet. It was great. All in all, the meal was great, but there are so many places that are a notch above it in a city like Vegas. I give it an A, but the ambience definitely knocks it down a peg. For my money, I'd rather go back over to delmonico's just across the path for an A+ experience.
5	This is a great place for any steak or butter lover! I've been to Las Vegas at least 7 times since I turned 21 and although it is very pricey, it is well worth it. Not only was it my first time to Vegas but it was also my honeymoon, the hostess asked my husband and I if it was a special occasion and when we arrived they made the entire experience one of a kind.We ordered some drinks at the bar before our reservation, the bartender was very friendly and talkative and even gave us a coupon for 25% off our entire bill which was very helpful since we ordered a TON and spent well over $300.They sat us in the front of the dining room facing everyone else with a huge table fit for a king in our own huge nook in the wall, the service was excellent and not snobby at all. At the time I was just beginning to become adventurous with trying new food. The bone marrow appetizer was amazing and left me craving it years after my visit. The steak for 2 was just like steak flavored butter, it ruined all other steak since.I will add on a side note that my husband went as far as to save the steak bone and flew it  all the way back to Alaska with us so my dog Zombie could also get a treat from Wolfgang Puck. I think that in itself should sell you on this restaurant, even if its only to try an appetizer.
5	I have to admit, I have always chosen CarneVino as my steakhouse in the Palazzo, but I was unable to get a reservation at a reasonable time, and given the recommendation, I decided to check out CUT.They were very nice and understanding about the fact I was eating for one, even offering a magazine. I was happy to just enjoy my food, though. I enjoy a glass of wine, but I don't consider myself a connoisseur, so when I started with a $13 glass of wine, I was very happy to not get the upsell you often do at restaurants of this quality.I started off with the Bone Marrow Flan and was absolutely stunned. I would say it was the best appetizer I have ever had, anywhere. For dinner, I had the 8oz filet (medium rare, of course) and the tempura onion rings. My one complaint is that the onion rings were pretty flimsy in comparison.. I didn't expect large ones, but they were basically onion straws, and it was a strange consistency as a result. However, the taste was outstanding.I loved that the steak came with different mustards. It seems silly until you try it, but it really reflects on Wolfgang's Austrian heritage, and they actually added a ton. I'm not normally a dessert person, but they had a pumpkin and apple beignet that I couldn't pass up. I'm glad I didn't, it was cooked perfectly, warm and just  decadent.The servers worked great in a team and were so friendly. They didn't try to sell me on anything I wasn't interested in, but every time I needed a recommendation, they were available. That's awesome.Overall, I would say it was on the level of CarneVino and would make my decision difficult next time, but thankfully I can hit both.
5	It took me this long to review this amazing restaurant. We dined here for birthday dinner 3 years ago. My husband took me to vegas and this was on my list of MUST eat restaurants. Heres what I remember... we ordered the waygu sampler... and had a variety of sides...mac and cheese....and i dont remember the rest.... the meat...how to describe the most delicious meat you will eve rhave. there was US waygu, Japanese Waygu and an Australian waygu. This plate did not come cheap. But the meat was so tender it was like i coudl have used a butter knife to melt through it.the wine sommelier came to help us choose a red and he aerated and poured it for us using 4 seperate glasses. it was insane. over the top. but i felt very spoiled.after the worlds most amazing dinner my husband asked if i could go in to the restaurant and meet the head chef as it was my birthday and i love big executive kitchens. I was told yes! I went back, the hwole staff was line dup to meet me and the head chef as well. We shook hands, talked a bit about food stuffs and got a photo. When i returned to my table a special dessert was brought out for me for my birthday. :)I have very fond memories here. and i believe my husband does too...mainly of the bill but he also enjoyed the food. im ruined for life. no other beef will ever trump Waygu beef. And cut is a fantastic place to celebrate a special occasion...as longas your okay with the insane price tag.
5	Ok I think CUT may be my favorite steakhouse...The whole experience at Cut was amazing. What can I say... the food, service, and atmosphere was all superb!Once we got to the restaurant we were seated right away by the hostess. Our waiter came by and handed us our menus and explained alittle about their steaks. The whole staff was pretty knowledgeable. We started the night off with a bottle of wine. Cut has an extensive wine list! They have their wine list on an ipad and so the list is actually very overwhelming. Upon asking our sommelier he recommended us a bottle of their Heitz Cellars Cabernet Sauvignon since we were all going to get steak... and this wine did not disappoint... It was so good! :)We started off the night with their Steak Tartare (4/5) ... wow so amazing.. loved the mustard sauce that complimented it... We had their American Wagu Ribeye (5/5) and their American Wagu New York (5/5). For sure the New York was drier than the Ribeye as expected. But both were some good quality meat. They were cooked just right and seasoned to perfection. The meat just melted in your mouth... OMG I am salivating while writing this review. Definitely get the American Wagu if money is not too much of an issue. I have friends that came to CUT and had their regular cuts and they weren't too impressed. So definitely get the American Wagu... you wont be disappointed... For us the Japanese Wagu looked way too fatty... So that's why we opted for the American Wagu... For our sides we got their Brussle Sprouts (4/5) and their Mac &Cheese (5/5)... The Mac & Cheese was definitely on the heavy side but I loved it! Loved the cheesy-ness of the whole dish... they had such a great combination of cheeses to make this dish... it did not disappoint... but definitely you can't have too much of it... For dessert we ordered their Banana Cream Pie which was amazing (4/5)... They were also nice enough to give us an extra dessert (the Baked Alaska 5/5) because it was one  of our friend's birthday! We didn't even ask them but they brought it out on the house! Definitely loved that. All the staff members were polite and did their job immepeccably. They weren't snobby or rude.. All were very down to earth and made our experience at Cut memorable. I would definitely be back here if it didn't damage my wallet too much! Nom Nom ^^
3	Oh Cut, I so wanted to love you! But unfortunately, I just like you. 3.5 stars.One of our friends had said this is his favorite steakhouse and he eats here every time he goes to Vegas. So for our annual Thanksgiving dinner, I suggested Cut as the place for my family to dine. We all walked away saying we would not come here again.Service - Top notch!Ambiance - This is a tiny restaurant and it's decorated nicely, but the music was classic rock and didn't really fit the feel of this place.The food - Hits and misses, which i'll get to.Price - About $1000 for eight people, which is pretty average for a steakhouse.Bread - You are given crispy breadsticks coated in parmesan. Tasty, but very messy, the parmesan flaked off all over the place. You are brought a plate of four choices of bread, you tell them which ones you want, and they are served to you by a waiter. I had the pretzel bread and the onion focaccia bread. Both were awesome. Starters - They don't have soup! I really wanted a soup, but there are none on the menu. Bummer. My friend ordered the Butter Lettuce, Avocado, Point Reyes Blue Cheese, Champagne-Herb Vinaigrette Salad. I had a couple bites and it was very good. Steak - Our friend had told us to splurge and get the Japanese Wagyu Ribeye. It's $155 for 8 oz. He said it was well worth it, so BF and I split it. Japanese Wagyu is apparently not for me, it's just too buttery and literally melted in my mouth. I like steak I can chew on a little bit. I don't fault Cut, I just think it isn't my thing. My friend ordered a Petite Filet with Blue Cheese and I tried it, I liked his filet a lot and wish we had ordered that instead. Everybody else said their meat was okay.Sides - Brussels Sprouts - great flavor, but too undercooked for my taste. Not served very hot. Creamed Spinach topped with Fried Eggs - Just okay, also not very hot, and I could have done without the egg. Mac & Cheese - Good flavor, but the noodles were slightly gummy and also, this wasn't hot. Dessert - We didn't get any, but my friend ordered the Chocolate Souffle and it was amazing. Definitely the best part of the meal. It wasn't terrible, but there are so many steakhouses in Vegas, many of which I think are a lot better. When you are dropping $125 a person, you want to enjoy everything you eat, and that didn't happen here.
5	What is there to say about Cut that hasn't been said already? It's too, too good.  I love that this place has become part of our Thanksgiving tradition.  I don't care how good someone's grandma's turkey or stuffing is; for me, nothing can beat a little bit of Japanese A5 Wagyu beef! I do wish, however, that Puck would offer a little foie gras with it, but, I guess they say you can't have it all!The service at this place is always outstanding and the energy is great.  Our server, Jason, was especially friendly and quite knowledgeable about food (both in Vegas and in LA).Here's a friendly piece of advice: If you're returning to your hotel room around 4am or so and are famished, that little piece of leftover Wagyu and a few bites of the Mac n Cheese are the best snack ever invented! Can't wait to be back next year!!
5	I have been to CUT a few times now and also other steakhouses in LV ( Craftsteak, STK, Del Friscos, Gordon Ramsays, etc... ) and I will say that CUT earns 5 Stars above the others. Appetizers  bone marrow is unbelievable but you have to like the texture and heaviness.  Pork Belly is the best I have had.Wagyu - delicious. After Apps, 6oz is plenty.  So tender and flavourful.  I'm from Canada and I need to have my Wagyu fix when I come to LV.Lobster - excellent but with a Wagyu, might be too muchSides - best mashed/whipped potatoes EVER.  Atmosphere - lively like LV.  If not why bother coming to LVWine List - what you expect from LV...over the top
5	Bone marrow. Crazy good! We visited Cut for my Mom's 60th birthday. We had a wonderful time there. The food is amazing... However the most important thing is the service there. The staffs there were So professional and friendly. We sat there for 3+ hours and enjoyed everything about this place!Food: American Wagyu boneless ribeye. A little bit on the crewy side. They took out the big chunk of fat in it, so it felt more like a New York strip. How ever it is still good! USDA Prime bone-in ribeye: it's made to perfection. They offer 3 types of mustard to go with the steak. I love the wine based mustard.We had 3 appetizers, 2 steaks to share, 4 sides, and a desert. Very full afterwards. The tap came out to be $295 before tips for the 4 of us. Not bad at all.
5	Went for a going away/birthday dinner in a group of 5. This was hands down one of the best dining experiences any of us ever had. The steak cuts/drinks and side dishes are all fantastic. In addition our service was impeccable. I would recommend this place to any one wishing for a one of a kind experience. Please keep in mind you will pay for quality though this dinner won't come cheap, but is well worth it!
4	I've been to a lot of steakhouses, coming to vegas 4-5 times per year will do that. I have stayed on this property many times, but never made it to CUT. I have been missing out, I will be back. We came with a rather large group, I believe there were 7 of us. I had a steak the night before, so I was going to avoid steak at CUT. As soon as I saw the menu diversity and all of the great Kobe options I opted to get yet another steak. I was surprised at the quality and service of this establishment. My only complaint were most of the sides were quite small, and not all that great, but the salad and steak were excellent. I will come back.
2	Disappointing. The steaks were ruined by over-seasoning. Everything--the side dishes, steaks, appetizers--was way, way too salty. It was like someone in the kitchen accidentally dropped an entire container of salt on the brussel sprouts in particular; they were so salty, we didn't eat them. Two of our steaks were cooked incorrectly, which is quite frankly unacceptable when steaks are $50+.  The Kobe beef was very tender, but again, ruined by excessive salt and seasoning. I can't recommend CUT. My friends and I spent hundreds of dollars on an underwhelming meal that just simply wasn't worth it.
2	Service was excellent. Food was disappointing. Bone in ribeye medium rare was not seared... It was burnt. Like difficult to cut and scraping the roof of my mouth burnt. The meat itself was okay, not juicy at all even though it was definitely pink inside.  I'm pretty sure something is wrong here. Dry aged steaks are still supposed to be juicy even though some of the water is lost in the process, right? Well Cut got my steak wrong or is just wrong in general. I suppose that there strong selling point is the Kobe and maybe I should have ordered it, but then why even have the other dry aged steaks on the menu? Anyway, I was disappointing with how dry and burnt and tasteless my $60 dry aged bone in ribeye tasted and probably wouldn't come back. The breads (pretzel especially) were good, sides were just okay (potatoes and Brussels sprouts) and the service was excellent.
5	I absolutely loved my experience at CUT during my last visit to Vegas. My friend had been several times before, and said it was a must for our last trip. I was not disappointed. We ate relatively early because we are on East Coast time and it was our first night, and the restaurant was quiet and relaxed.Our waiter took his time explaining the menu to me, and offered helpful suggestions. I had the beet salad to start, and it was fantastic. Then, I tried the Tasting of New York Sirloin based on our waiter's recommendation. It included a sampling of American Wagyu from Snake River Farms in Idaho, USDA prime aged, and true Japanese Wagyu. Next time, I would just stick with my traditional filet and get the Snake River Farms filet. But for the experience, I'm glad I branched out a tried the sampler, even though I prefer filet.For a side, I tried the field mushrooms with shishito peppers, and thye were phenomenal. Anytime I see shishito peppers on a menu, I order them. They are my favorite, and CUT didn't let me down.Of course I was too stuffed for dessert, but I look forward to sampling some of them next time around!
2	We experienced CUT on New Years Eve after our friends' wedding earlier in the day.   Our reservation for 7 was for 7:30p but when I stopped in at the restaurant to check in at 6:30, I was told that our table was ready anytime we were.  Good thing, as this was quite the leisurely meal, we soon found out. We were seated at the farthest table in the corner of the room. The seating arrangement worked nicely, although I nearly took out a waiter and a patron as the hostess attempted to make conversation over her shoulder with me, while whisking us through the restaurant.  Our servers introduced themselves to us and asked about drinks.   We requested a wine list and started to peruse the menu.  Shortly thereafter, we received the explanation of the beefs cuts and what we could expect to taste, as well as how their meats were prepared.  This should have been my first clue for my own meal.  After what seemed like an eternity(nearly a half hour), our waiter returned to collect drink orders.  3 glasses of red wine (2 cab, 1 pinot), a beer, and 3 waters.   We waited 10-15 minutes for those to arrive, and then went about ordering our food.  Once ordered, we received breads - oooooh so delicious(I'm sure you've read about them here on other reviews)!   Breadsticks on the table proved to be messy to eat, as parmesan flaked everywhere.    We ordered a few appetizers including the beet salad, apple salad, and butter lettuce salad, pork belly, and the maryland blue crab & shrimp cocktail.   Each were delicious and stood soundly with excellent flavor and texture. Our group ordered all different cuts of beef, including the PRIME porthouse for 2, petit cut filet, and more.  For 7 people, we also ordered 4 side dishes - 2 potato puree and 2 mac & cheese. This is where things started to fail.  The meals were served to the wrong diners, to start.  Once the first plate was incorrectly set down, the rest of the team of servers failed.. including one server who set down my "pork" in front of me, which was not pork, but Bone in Rib Eye.   What??  ugh.   From there, there was some swapping of plates and a quick discussion of what went where.  Chaos. The sides were then served to each diner.  I'm not certain about you, but I like more than a tablespoon of potatoes when I'm served a 20oz Rib Eye.    That's all that was available, though, so we made do.  The potatoes tasted delicious, as did the mac & cheese, which was stringy and difficult for the waiter to serve. The kitchen seems to have a problem cooking their meat to the correct temperature.  The petit filet my friend ordered medium, was rare in the middle. I know this is an easy thing to have happen to filet.. but this is CUT.  A $52 piece of meat should be prepared correctly!   My Rib Eye? Wow.. very sad.  I had to physically SAW THROUGH the char on the steak to get a piece that was not hard and crusted over, and overseasoned.   I'm not a fan of charred meat to begin with but a light char on this piece would have been appropriate.   I was sad to have to leave hunks of  meat behind because they were too tough to even cut through, despite having paid $64. The Porterhouse for two, for the bride and groom, was cooked inconsistently as well, even though it was ordered medium... one side was rare and the other medium/medium-well.With three diners only drinking water, one would think that the servers would be attentive to their glasses and watch for empty.  Heck, we've seen better service at Applebees when it comes to water.  My husband is a stickler for having a drink at all times, and the service here was an epic fail in that department.  It was so random, the servers would come by, fill up one water glass and neglect two others on the table.  I expected that they ran out of water, but no.. they just moved on to another table and poured more water for another patron.  What the heck?By the end of our meal, we'd lost a server completely (hadn't seen him in quite a while), and the other, more jovial one, was notified that we were disappointed that they couldn't keep glasses filled, and that the service was lacking.  I've eaten at numerous high end places in my day.. this is not one we'll be returning to, sadly.  I have found other steakhouses in Vegas to be as comparably priced with excellent cuts of meat and far better service. We were seated at our table at 6:30p.  We finally left around 9:30p.  While I'm glad they didn't rush us through, I can now see why they didn't have a reason to.
5	Absolutely money.  The prices are pretty expensive but if you are looking to have a amazing steak dinner in Vegas, I would recommend this place.  They had the best appetizers I have ever had from a steak house (try the warmed asparagus, I've also had the big eye tuna tartar and the kobe beef tartar and both were awesome), the best side (literally the best mac and cheese I've ever had and it beats even the high end ones that try to mask their mac and cheese with lobster) and most importantly, the best steak i have ever had in my life.  Granted I had the Kobe beef but it literally melted in my mouth. I personally think this is the best steakhouse in the US and I've been to all of them (although I have yet to try carnevino which I heard was equal or better)
5	My review will strictly be on what I ordered:Bone Marrow Flan - Probably the best flan I've had thus far.  They had obviously taken the time and finesse to make sure the bone marrow was cooked evenly.  The texture was luscious, melt-in-you-mouth, and rich.  The mushroom puree alongside was fantastic and brought each bite a bit more earthiness.U.S.D.A. PRIME Dry Aged 35 days - TRUE steak/beefy flavor.  Tasted like a nice steak straight from your own grill, just with a bit more quality to it.  American Wagyu from Snake River Farms - Fat was nicely marbled throughout, without being too overwhelming.  Great beefy flavor throughout.  True Japanese 100% Wagyu Beef from Miyazaki Prefecture, Kagoshima - While each bite was TO DIE FOR, I could only handle just a few.  Heavily marbled to the point where that flavor you anticipate from a good steak is lost.  You know that fatty strip alongside a ribeye? That's what the entire steak tasted like.  Chocolate Souffle - As someone who focuses in patisserie, I was hesitant trying this, given that were were in a steakhouse and typically speciality restaurants lose focus on all other items.  I was wrong.  The souffle was beautiful... light.. airy... yet so decadent at the same time.OVERALL:  Amongst the 3 steaks I've tried, I prefer the American Wagyu.  It still delivered a marvelous beefy flavor that you want from a steak, while delivering a slight richness from the marbling.  Well balanced in my opinion.  Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
3	We all talk about the bone marrow flan because it's one of the most novel dishes at this Wolfgang Puck steakhouse.  The pureed mushrooms add a mellow earthy accent to the otherwise robust and rich bone marrow.As far as steak houses go, it's a solid choice but you're clearly paying for the WP brand.  The Cut clearly prides itself on steak and offering an assortment of the best cuts of beef from around the world.  Whether you're looking at Idaho, Nebraska, or Japan.  Ever spend $155 of a 8 ounces of steak?  Might as well live it up in Vegas.Are there better choices in Vegas?  Sure.  But you might as well live it up while you're at the Venetian.  [Original Visit: December 2013]
4	The service is always great, very attentive. The food was very tasty, we all had steak, three petite filets and a rib eye....brussels sprouts were really good and of course the desserts are delicious. We had a bottle of  Coho and Biale. It's always nice when Robert Biale is on the wine list.
5	carnivores must come!the waiters were well dressed and professional. the parmesan crispy thing to start off with was soooo messy to eat.  the bone marrow flan was to die for. i wanted to pick up the bone and lick it out clean but i was dressed too pretty to do that.  ribeye was fabulous but for rare i thought it was a little overcooked but it was a fabulous piece of meat. my friend had the chicken with truffles and it was sooooo good. the brocolli and polenta were TO DIE FOR!
5	OMG where to start with this place?  Everything about it was awesome.  I was in town for CES, and was lucky enough to find a reservation here.  Then we got even luckier that the VIP table had a cancellation...so we got to eat while reclining on banquette seats and cushions in a semi-quiet little alcove by the front door. I had the American wagyu beef.  I'd never had it before....it's drop-your-fork delicious, and SO tender...the most tender and tasty steak I've ever eaten.  We also had the pork belly appetizers.....forget about it....that was like bacon heaven.  The mac and cheese is better than mama used to make.  It's very pricey - duh, it's Wolfgang Puck at the Venetian - but it was an awesome, full, well-rounded meal.
2	Want to make a grown man sob like a baby?  Tell him that the steak is so good at CUT that it ruined you for any steak thereafter....then take him to CUT and watch as he licks his lips, takes a long sip of his expertly chosen Bordeaux and eagerly slices into his $130 piece....of fat and grizzle.Then have the waiter smash some glasses on two of your guests and focus on cleaning the mess instead of apologizing to them.Then clear my plate while my back is turned so I can't ask the waiter if the guest chef tonight is smoking crack.Will I give them a second chance?  Of course.  Will I get psyched up before I go?  Not this guy.  CUT is a serious place so I'll chalk all this up to a "series of unfortunate events".
3	Average food, great service!
5	One of my friends who still lives in Las Vegas, owed me dinner so when I made my way to the high desert for the holidays, he made reservations at CUT so he could pay off his debt. Having lived in Las Vegas, I normally stay away from the Las Vegas Strip unless I'm showing someone around, but when it comes to dinner with a friend, and it's steak - you know I'm there! I'll start with the service. Everyone should dine here to experience what customer service in the food service industry should be like. I don't know what more to say other than the only way it could be better is if I could just lie on a couch while they hand fed me. I've said it before and I'll say it again - food almost always tastes so much better when the service is good. I opted for the Rib Eye and it was so tasty that I inhaled it like it was the first time I ever had beef. It's always nice when you order a piece of meat cooked a certain way and it comes out exactly as you want. To me, the sides were okay and I later was told I should have tried the marrow. I'll brave the Strip traffic and all the crowds to come here again. To me, the service alone was worth it.
3	Hold the seasoning! Holy burnt toast. That's exactly what our steaks came out as. We were told they had house seasoning but way to salty for our tastes. I ended up slicing the blackened crust of seasoning on top because I couldn't handle it. Otherwise good steak albeit overpriced. We're talking about more pricey than NYC prices.  Wagyu is solid. Don't be scared of the small portion for the price. Small piece of well marbled wagyu is so rich you'll be full after a few bites. But seriously, ease up on seasoning!
5	After going to different steakhouses. Holy crap I love this place. I've been to the Vegas one twice and the Beverly Hills one three times as well. Amazing. But the Vegas one is better in my opinion.
5	Super late review (2 years late...) but this place is AMAZE-BALLS!!Booked via opentable and mentioned that we were celebrating the bf's bday. We were treated like royalty!! We were seated at a HUGE table near the kitchen (not that great with all the foot traffic) but the service was excellent! Our waiter was prompt and very amicable. The food was delicious and perfectly cooked!  The atmosphere was pretty romantic with dimmed lights, but generally the crowd was pretty casual and there were several large (6+ people) groups. The BEST part was the dessert! Since I mentioned it was the bf's bday, CUT comped us a dessert, a baked alaska and wrote "Happy Birthday" in chocolate on the plate. Baked alaska is officially my new favorite dessert!! I'm still dreaming about eating it!!I def recommend going to CUT for a special occasion since it is a bit pricey. The service alone deserves the 5 stars.
1	Took me forever to write a review because it wasn't memorable..I went with my brothers and all I could say is that their steak cart display before you order was the sell..now the actual food one it cooked was just mediocre..ill never come back because if I'm paying $96 for a steak it better be top notch
5	This restaurant just blows my mind away. From the staff to the food, everything was just amazing. Thank you for making my boyfriends bday, an evening to remember. We can't wait to come back to Vegas for another taste. Cheers!!
3	We've heard a lot about this place & decided to try it for our Anniversary.. Food was good, but it was definitely over priced!!! I would say it's more the hype. If you want an amazing steak, try Del Friscos. You will not be disappointed... It's very classy, great service & their prices are good for what you get. DO NOT forget to order the lemon cake!
5	Best steakhouse ever. Split the porterhouse for two and I swear the steak melted in my mouth. Better than Mastros, way better than STK. Top drawer service and overall experience. Just awesome.
5	Continuing the tradition of doing one fine dining per trip to Vegas me and my buddy decided to try CUT by Wolfgang Puck.  We decided to try this restaurant due to the fact that they served True Japanese 100% Japan Wagyu which is really hard to find.  Most place serve either American kobe, American wagyu or Australian wagyu.  Rarely do they serve authentic wagu. Reservation: Reservation was not bad at all.  You could easily make reservations the day of.  However, i would suggest making it several hours in advance just to be on the safe side.  The more last moment u make the reservation the later the time it seemed like. (I had gotten a reservation at 8pm but when i called around 7 to add 2 more people it got pushed to 10pm)Location:  Cut was located inside the Palazzo hotel on the Lobby floor.Decor:  The decor was very nice.  It had somewhat of a modern theme.  Like with most fine dining restaurants, it had a slightly romantic dim light setting.  However it was not quiet nor too loud which was really nice since you can actually have a conversation with  your date or friends and not feel like your talking to loud or have a hard time hearing them.Food: Bone Marrow Flan, Mushroom Marmalade, Parsley Salad - This dish was delicious  and cooked perfectly.  It was evenly cooked and the mushroom marmalade complimented the bone marrow very nicely.True Japanese 100% Wagyu Beef from Miyazaki Prefecture, Kagoshima-  What can i say about this dish except that it was truly melt in your mouth delicious.  This was probably one of the best steaks i have had.  Typically for steaks, i have meat cooked at a medium rare but this time i asked the waiter how i should have this cut cooked since it was my first time eating 100% wagyu.  His recommendation was medium.  His reason was that it would allow all the heavy marbling to melt and absorb into the meat.  Cooking it medium rare may not melt the marbling completely and may leave it chewy.  As a result i went with Medium and i am glad i did.  The wagyu came out perfectly cooked and full of flavor.  I love the fact that they charred the top and bottom slightly so you get an initial flavorful crunch and then as u sink your teeth further into the meat it slowly melts away.  8oz was just perfect enough to get you full due to how rich it is.I will def be coming back again for some more bone marrow and wagyu.
5	This was a great dinning experience with my best friend.  I had the the US Kobe Ribeye medium which was cooked prefect for me. He had the US Kobe filet medium rare also cooked just right. Sides where baby spinach sauted with garlic and sea salt and black pepper still had a bite which was great. Fingerlings where also sauted in garlic little rosemary sea salt and black pepper. The som Christine had suggested a great bottle of wine that paired very well with the dinner. Our server Erin was very helpful also knew her menu as well. The food runners described every dish well. Great place for everyone.
5	Third time here and still outstanding! Good is delicious, prepared well and of great quality. Service is top notch. Wine and cocktail menu is excellent. We plan to go back every year.
3	PDSF Review:  PARKING is free (hotel parking).  DECOR is chic modern.  SERVICE was absolutely excellent; I sat at the bar; server checked up on me almost every 10 minutes.  FOOD was delicious, but relative to the price, I would have to downgrade.  I got the $60 New York Steak... which was delicious, but I think $40 at Ruth Chris may result in the same culinary satisfaction.  There is definitely an upcharge for the name and the prestige of eating at Cut.  However, the 3 steak sauces and salt were a great optional add-on.  Will not go back.
1	If I could give this place a zero, I would. I haven't gotten into the swing of yelping often but this is one of those experiences that is so terrible that you just have to write about it. And actually, I went months ago, but looks like I never finished my review.Came here with a group of 14 girls for a bachelorette party. We had spent weeks picking out the perfect place for dinner and were really looking forward to our meal. They go through the motions of being a five star restaurant but you can tell they definitely don't think you're a five star customer. You might think we're a prissy/snooty bunch but I assure you, we could have eaten hot dogs and been happy but we chose a nice place so we could have a memorable experience.Started with the bone marrow appetizer. It was tasty as marrow usually is, you can probably share it since it came with two pieces and it's so rich. I had the Australian Wagyu. Good quality meat though I've had rib eye prepared much better. It's just a slab of meat on your plate, not to mention overcooked. Presentation points: 0. *shrugs maybe I wanted to be impressed since it is a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, oh well. They suggested that we get sides to share for each half of the table. There was a misunderstanding when a waiter began to serve out sides on our individual plates that was actually for the other side. Even after asking him to stop, he ignored our request and kept serving away. One of the head waitresses came over to ask what was wrong. She told us that all sides were supposed to be family style and left it at that. Family style is fine but if that's the case, don't put it on everyone's plate if they don't want to eat it, especially after we asked you not to. Her tone was so extremely rude that many of us were taken aback.Maybe it's because we were a large group but I can honestly say that I have never been treated so poorly at any dining establishment. We even talked to a manager and I can't even bring myself to tell you their response. SO disappointing. The only reason CUT is 'memorable' is because I can't forget how unhappy we were when we finally left. Poor attitudes, poor communication, poor service all around. Never again. And anytime a friend mentions Vegas, I tell them to stay away from CUT. Really not worth the price you pay.
5	Just went last night and its the best steak house I have been. Service was great, always very attentive and there to clean up after you, giving you many assortments of breads, and 5 different assortments of sauces for the steak. We got the porterhouse , brussel sprouts and the polenta. All of it was excellent!!! We didn't order dessert but still got these small bites of a lemon and a chocolate pie which were good. Love this place.
5	Before Cut the only Vegas steak places I had been to were Carne Vino (amzing) and Envy (terrible). I came to Vegas to interview for a job and the guy who recruited me took me to Cut for dinner. It was very, very good.I ordered two different Bourbon drinks- I think both had ginger- they don't appear to be on the menu anymore but one was similar to the Samurai they serve now. Both were delicious. I got a pork belly appetizer- it came with a raspberry sauce on the pork that was incredible- one of the best pork belly dishes I have ever had. I alwyas get bone in ribeye and potato side when I go to a new steak place for comparison purposes. The steak here didn't have as much of a crust as I would like but it was seasoned well and the meat was very well cooked. The potato puree was smooth, not lumpy, seasoned well. For desert they brought us free baked Alaska because they "like to take care of thier locals"- I wasn't a local yet but with food like this I was well on my way to becoming one. It was excellent- baked Alaska is a personal favorite of mine and this one was very well done. Let me say one other thing- the bread. Bread can be a good way to distinguish good restaurants from great and Cut definately nails it. They have a few different types that seem to rotate from what I can tell (pretzel is one of the best) and they bring it around on a cart. You can get whatever you want, as much as you want. This is good- it avoids fights to the death over the last pork belly bread a la Gordon Ramsay Steak. I have since been back 3-4 times and enjoyed it thoroughly every time. A general note on Vegas steak - some of the negative reviews of Cut are just ludicrous. They didn't have A1? Well guess what, you are gonna get A1 almost nowhere when it comes to fine dining. The steak came by itself on a plate without any circles painted on the plate or sliced up vegetables constructed like legos into an art piece? ITS A STEAK HOUSE. Seriously, if you have no idea where you are going its not really fair to post a negative review that boils down to "this place wasn't the perfect hybrid of Sizzler and Alinea I was hoping for". Steak places in Vegas are producing a very specific product to compete with a very specific set of restaurants. If you want a cheaper place with A1 why are you going to cut? Similarly if you care about plating why are you going to a steak restaurant? Use your brain.
5	WOW! This place is the BEST!!! The Service is great and food is so yummy! My man is so sweet to me, to have brought me here.....he really loves me, does not even have to think twice about it. We will defiantly be back.
5	I brought my fiancee here for our anniversary and we both loved it. He said it was the best steak he's had and we've tried it all. They really do their best to make you feel welcomed and special. I felt like we were eating a friend's home because the hospitality was just that warm. The big ol' blown up portrait of Wolfgang Puck at the entrance is egregious though. Yea, he's a celebrity, but it's just tacky.
5	I can't say enough good things about CUT. I've eaten at nearly every steakhouse in Las Vegas and countless others around the world and CUT has joined the top of my list. A modern chic upscale vibe with a staff that is extremely detail oriented and knowledgable. Started with the steak tartare which was perfect and had the American Wagyu filet for the main. The steaks were cooked to perfection. I will be back time and time again.
5	Aged Bone in Rib eye.. is all I have to say about that!
5	This restaurant is awesome.My better half and I spent a wonderful weekend in Las Vegas and stayed at The Palazzo. Coming to this restaurant was just too convenient to pass, and the fact that it is a Wolfgang Puck restaurant made it that much more of a desirable dinner choice. We were sat very quickly and within minutes we had a wine menu in front of us. We both chose a Malbec that was so amazing!!!We chose 2 items from the Appetizers section but I don't remember their names.... One had oxtail and bone marrow dumplings? It was really good, weird, but good.And I chose a Baby Beet salad with this insanely delicious cheese on top. So far, dinner was great!!!We got the Porterhouse Steak for 2 as our main course with a side of cream spinach and mac and cheese. The steak was perfectly cooked. It came with all these different types of sauces so it made it fun to go through such a large piece of steak. The spinach was.....ok. Not my favorite! But the hubby to be really enjoyed it. And the mac and cheese...... it is worth the extra few bucks. OMG.Overall the experience was great, I can see why everyone is so amazed by this chef and his restaurants. They did not miss one detail. Everything was perfect. One thing I noticed that I absolutely loved, all the waiters serve the food at the exact same time. There was a table of 8 gentlemen next to us and when they got their food, 6 or 7 food runners rounded the table and once they were all set in place, they set the plates on the table simultaneously. I liked that.I'd like to go back some time. Maybe try the Beverly Hills location
5	3 words.... TO DIE FOR! What an amazing restaurant. The ambiance is classy, the staff was friendly and knowledgeable and the food was unbelievable. Coming from Los Angeles, our standards for steakhouses are very high and they met the challenge without a sweat. It was hard to decide what to eat because the entire menu was unique and interesting. For starters my husband had the Butter Lettuce salad with the most amazing champagne-herb vinaigrette we have ever had. I had a unique Beet salad with Humboldt fog goat cheese and the flavors blended perfectly. For our steaks it was hard to pick just one (which by the way, they do a tasting of 3 as well...which would be smart if you have never had wagyu before, totally worth it). He had the filet and I had the new york sirloin of their American Wagyu Beef from Snake River Farms Idaho. AMAZING!!! If you are a mushroom person, I would recommend adding this on your steak, the flavors were perfect. For dessert, he had the chocolate souffle and I had the cheese plate, both of which were a perfect ending to a perfect evening. Thank you to the executive chef and the staff for a memorable last night in Vegas for us!
3	I actually visited CUT during January 2014 while in town for CES.  There is no question that CUT is a "good" steak house.  However after trying a few other steakhouses in Vegas (such as Gordon Ramsay), its definitely not the best.  I won't go into detail about all the sides (although the Mac and Cheese they have is AMAZING).  The issue I had was with the steak itself.  When I go to a steak house and order a steak, I am expecting to pay for a good piece of quality beef.  I want to "taste" the flavors of the meat.  Unfortunately, some restaurants feel the need to season (and possibly over-season) the meat.  This is where CUT falls short.  To me, they over-seasoned a great piece of beef so that all I could taste was the seasonings.  The actual meat flavor was eliminated.  It is a travesty to do this.  Overall, the restaurant is great.  Service was awesome.  Sides were good.  Atmosphere is good.  The steaks however left a lot to be desired.  Bottom line:  If you are going for the steak, there are better steakhouses available.
5	Best meal ever! From the service to the bread to the incredible cuts of meat, this was a meal to remember. Forget the price and get the New York Tasting Menu for $115 to same some amazing taste treats.
4	Surprisingly it wasn't busy when we get there on Saturday night although we got there at 10:30. What can I tell you, they do good steak. Side dishes portions were right and delicious.
4	CUT is an expensive steakhouse, you need to understand that going in.  Compared to other expensive steakhouses I've visited it was on par with the best.  Service and food quality were top notch (we perhaps waited a pinch longer for our mains than I would have liked though).  Would I return?  Probably not as there are too many other restaurants to visit in Vegas.  However, I do recommend it for a spendy but tasty steakhouse experience.
3	Very cool looking place.  Waiters dress like Cosmo bodyguards.  Our waiter was exceptional.  I found menu very confusing to my simplistic Texas palate.  I had no idea what a rocket was and several other weirdities to me.  Sophisticated foodies will love this place.  I was not crazy about the bone-in ribeye.  Polenta and cheese rolls were excellent.  We were seated next to ten loud drunk guys which made conversation at our table unbearable.
5	2012, I travelled to Vegas to meet a darling old friend and he took me to CUT Steakhouse. Since then, I have compared every steakhouse to this location and no meat melts in my mouth as that night. The salad, appetizer, mashed potatoes and the STEAK was to die for.. I've been exposed to quality and now, I can't compare any other steakhouse to this place. My #1 Favorite Steakhouse of all time! Oh and service was spectacular unless my friend's presence as being a regular customer and a known face may have added to some favoritism. Either way, 5 stars was well deserved.
2	Ate here on 4/26 with a group. The food was very good however, I have had way better. I dont mind paying but this was not worth the price IMO. Was it good, yes, was it awesome, not really. I would have preferred Ruth Chris. I also thought the service was subpar. There were many instances where drinks were empty. Servers would take the empty glass then not offer another drink. Our party probably would have spent another couple hundred if the server asked us if we cared for another beverage.
2	Personally, I didn't like it. It's considered the number 2 steakhouse in Vegas. I ordered the ribeye and shared sides with our party creamed spinach, mushrooms and mac and cheese. Honestly, none of it was memorable. Felt that the steak was too heavy and lacking flavor. I didn't even finish an eighth of my steak. :(
5	Cut is definitely one of the top restaurants in Las Vegas. It's price is comparable to other steakhouses of that quality. I also went to Carnevino and thought Cut was far better in all aspects. The service was top notch, the steak and tuna tartar were both great as well as the bread and Mac and cheese. I had the ribeye and my friend had the filet. I would definitely say go with the ribeye, can't beat the flavor.
5	Just went last night and its the best steak house I have been. Service was great, always very attentive and there to clean up after you, giving you many assortments of breads, and 5 different assortments of sauces for the steak. We got the porterhouse , brussel sprouts and the polenta. All of it was excellent!!! We didn't order dessert but still got these small bites of a lemon and a chocolate pie which were good. Love this place.
5	Every year our company goes to Vegas and we have one special fancy-schmancy dinner. I chose Cut  in 2013 because I am a carnivore and wanted a really good steakhouse. It was amazing. They bring the cuts of meat to your table and explain about the marbling of each cut and type of beef. Our waiter, I wish I could remember his name, was the most wonderful waiter who was very knowledgeable and able to give us great recommendations. When our food arrived there was a cadre of servers, it was like an army descended  upon our table. We had one little mishap where one of the servers knocked over a wine glass and splashed some wine on one of my colleagues and his appetizer. They immediately brought him a fresh appetizer and the manager came over, gave him club soda and fresh napkins for dabbing at the spots and offered to buy him a brand new shirt and gave him his card. I think it was some of the best customer service I've ever seen. And of course, the food was phenomenal. Most of our party got Wagyu of some kind and one got lobster. They all thanked me for picking Cut and we rolled ourselves back to our hotel to begin our food comas.
3	Most of what I ate was very good, but at these prices I expect it to be excellent. Some of our groups' sides were served warm instead of hot. My steak had parts that were medium rare and parts that were medium. A filet should be consistent throughout. The presentation was so-so. Ambiance was ok, but not what I consider a classic steakhouse feel. The music was a bit all over the place - a although I like The Chemical Brothers, I don't expect to hear them in a restaurant like this. There are better options for an expensive steak dinner on the strip.
3	I've gone to a lot of the higher end steak houses in Vegas and this one is my least favorite. Service was 5 stars, the sides and the dessert we ordered were really good, however, I had to knock my rating down two stars because the star of the dinner, my wagyu filet, wasn't as good as I expected.  I was a little turned off when our sever brought out waxed examples of the different kinds of beef and explained the differences between kobe, wagyu, the marbling, etc.  To me this felt like they were trying to upsell me, I've never seen this before at a steak house, only when a place brings out their waxed trays displaying their desserts.  I would've been more okay with this if he asked us if we'd like the dog and pony show, because I already knew all the differences and already knew I was going to order the wagyu.  When my steak arrived, it was completely crusted with a blend of salt and other seasonings, now to me, a fantastic cut of wagyu shouldn't be covered in salt and seasonings, the meat should be so good that you need to add very little to it.  When a place salts as much as this place did, I question their quality of meat.  On top of my wagyu filet being super salty, they brought out three more little cups of different salts.  Holy saltiness, I couldn't even consider adding any more salt to this meat.  My wife's regular filet that she ordered was way less salty and tasted better than my wagyu, which made paying the extra for mine a very sad tale.  Most likely I won't return because there is plenty of competition in Vegas that will indeed not make me regret ordering the wagyu.
2	It's all about ambience and service here.  I am usually more impressed by the these aspects of a posh Vegas restaurant but I expect premium food when paying top dollar.  The location is ideal and the place is happening.  The service is attentive and the sommelier is knowledgeable and precise.  However the bread apps weren't even warm, the sides were not impressive and the steak was over salty and underwhelming.  The sweat beans felt like they were drowned in sugar. The other sides very salty. The steak was an adequate texture slightly undercooked and very very salty.  I would give it another chance but would probably expect much of the same.
5	We usually don't go to steak houses. My husband is great on the grill, but tonight we ventured out to Cut, and Wolfgang Puck did not disappoint. Room inspiring, modern and trendy. Food and service top notch.Ben and Preston made our evening complete. Even the bread sticks are to die for. Fine dining all the way.
5	Disclaimer: I am by no means a steak expert or a fine dining expert. I am a regular every day person who enjoys good food in a good environment with good service. I expect to receive a good experience based on what I pay. My credentials have no culinary background and I cook at home probably 3-4 times per week depending on how busy my work schedule gets.That being said, I had an amazing time a CUT.Food (5 Stars): There are a variety of steaks to choose from and the most expensive being the Wagyu beef, an amazing marbled piece of beef with fat infused in that allows the meat to melt in your mouth. I ordered the Rib-Eye wagyu beef which was a full 8-9 ounces of beef. Our group also ordered the sides that you can share: Creamed spinach, white asparagus, Japanese mushrooms, and potato fingerlings. All of these side orders were amazing. My favorite had to be the creamed spinach with the sunnyside egg on top. It complimented the steak well and I could've had more of it.Here comes the steak: a juicy succulent piece of steak charred and cooked to perfection! About half way through the steak, my friend said "It's so rich that I feel nauseous." It was so good and for those of us who have not been able to experience really good food on a regular basis, it can definitely be overwhelming. I would eat this steak again and again and again. I felt really full afterwards, but not sick to my stomach. It was majorly satisfying.Service (5 Stars): The waiter were great. They brought out cheese bread sticks, foccacia onion bread, and the pretzel bread that all went well with a great piece of cheese. They also joked around with us because I have this obsession with mayonaise. Overall, a friendly group that waited on us very well. They even included a little mini dessert for us which included a mini macaroon and chocolate bar. Bottom Line: It's a hefty price for fine dining, but it was worth it for the food and experience!
3	I give five stars for the food and two stars for the service which I guess averages my rating out to around three and a half, so since yelp doesn't allow half stars and the service was really an experience ruiner for us, I'm downgrading my rating to a three, which is really disappointing that bad service can ruin a delicious meal this much. So let me start with the food. Hub's and i had spent the last week hiking our butts off in some of the nearby national parks and wanted to treat ourselves to a delicious steak dinner and since we'd been meaning to try Cut for a number of months now and could never manage to get a reservation we decided it was time to pre-plan and give it a go. The food was mouthwatering - a choice of warm breads to start (my favorite was the pretzel bread), the appetizer, steak tartare, served with a quail egg and mustard, was so amazing we fought over who got the last bite! Our entrees, fillet mignon's for the both of us, were cooked to perfection and accompanied by creamy wild mushrooms and fingerling potatoes with large chunks of smokey bacon  - to die for!! Service was disappointing and at times rude and dismissive, bordering on offensive. Upon arrival (we had a reservation) the hostess ignored us, we were sat in the corner of the restaurant right next to the kitchen even though the restaurant had many empty tables and upon asking to be moved were told they could not accommodate us, our waiter was dismissive and inattentive and even forgot our order and had to return to us and ask us to repeat it, our sides were brought out quite a while before our steaks and were almost cold by the time our steaks arrived and to top it all off the table next to us was fawned over and provided very attentive service by the same server. Now, I don't expect perfect service everywhere I go but when your paying $400 for a dinner you expect the service to be at a certain level - after all, in restaurants such as this, your not just paying for the food, your paying for an experience. There are too many amazing steakhouses in Las Vegas to deal with bad service and we will be taking our business elsewhere in future.
3	During my buddy's bachelor party, we decided to dine here for one night since we were staying at the Venetian.  We had originally made reservations for a party of 8 but later realized we didn't count a few people.  Luckily, Cut was able to accomodate us but instead of being in the dining room we were now seated out near the bar.  Service was as good as the BH location and the delicious parmesan bread sticks didn't disappoint.  After ordering a few bottles of wine for the group, the appetizers began coming out.  We ordered the bone marrow flan which didn't seem as flavorful as I remembered it being.  The beef carpaccio didn't disappoint!Ordered the prime rib eye http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cut-las-vegas?select=in0KN-y0agu9Gr8UOrwMzw#qwXO8aGWOqPqCo1jU93GWg along with a few sides for a few of us to share .... creamed spinach w/ organic egg, mac n cheese, and the sauteed mushrooms http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cut-las-vegas?select=in0KN-y0agu9Gr8UOrwMzw#hG1z92uuzB-O4bI1KQUGUA.  As with the location in BH, Cut has a tendancy to overcook their steaks so since I like my steaks rare, I order it black and blue.  Mentioned this to the other people in our group and a few listened and a few didn't.
5	Went to the Cut last weekend with my gf. We made late reservations on a Monday. Want busy at all when we arrived. The service was absolutely amazing as we always had 2 to 3 people waiting on us. The presentation and thorough explanation of the meats before we order was very helpful and informative. Although prices were a bit steep, that was expected. The food was amazing! Steak was cooked to perfection. The sides were on point and my drink was made exactly how I ordered. Only issue was they ran out of the alcohol I wanted but that wasnt a big deal. Definitely going back soon! One of my favorite spots in Vegas!-Joe
4	I'm torn on Cut.  Some of my experience was great, other parts less than great.  One example were the servers.  Some were outstanding -- clearly of the standard you would expect in a high-end steakhouse, let alone one associated with Wolfgang.  Others were of the caliber you might find a Sizzlers.  Not that they were bad or rude, but more of the "I'm here to bring you your food.  Here it is.  Now shut up."  We would go through stretches of time wondering if anyone was coming for a drink order, next round, and so on.  The people who brought out the main course were top notch.  They knew their craft & wanted to make sure we were happy.Next less-than-positive:  What's with all the nickel & diming?  I'm $70 for a steak.  Do you really have to charge me a dollar for a sauce?  I mean, seriously.  When I visit fast food in bad parts of town, I get why they charge $.50 for extra sauce.  But here?  Seriously?  And no refills on soda? I guess that 12 cents they have to spend on syrup for soda would really set them back otherwise.Last complaint:  Of course you can request your steak at the standard raw/medium/etc., but I was surprised I couldn't get my steak "rare plus."  Given I find that in less prestigious steakhouses, I was surprised they wouldn't do it here.All that said, the meat itself was on par with what I would expect.  Not the best steak I've ever had, but very, very good.
4	As a local and a loyal Delmonico diner for almost 10 years, we decided it was high time we tried CUT: and I really liked it! The food was good, the presentation was imaginative and the service was some of the best at any restaurant I've ever been to. The atmosphere is very modern but not uncomfortable. (Ask for a booth as the regular tables and chairs looked not-so-pleasant). The prices are pretty high but the quality and presentation makes it (almost) worth it. Don't expect to get out of here without paying at least $200 on a dinner for two. We had 2 appetizers, 2 steaks, 2 sides, 2 glasses of wine and 2 dessert and our total check was around $275.00 (before tip). We didn't go for the crazy expensive meat, just the "regular" filet mignon and bone-in ribeye. The steaks were good and the wood fired cooking gave them a nice flavor. The steaks come with a few different sides of mustards (I've never seen that before at a steakhouse). As others have noted, I found everything here to be extremely salty. It was like somebody knocked over the salt bowl into the food. I had the squash as a side and it was coated in salt. The steak was crusted with salt. The steaks came out with a small bowl of extra salt and a spoon! The butter for the bread is topped with salt, as is the bread itself (pretzel and foccacia is where it's at, ya'll)! If you are looking for a salt lick, this is the place for you. Next time I am going to ask them to tone down the salt in my food, it was almost unbearable but not to the point of making the food inedible.The wine list is abysmal but we were told the corkage fee if you bring your own wine is a very steep $50 (that's what the French Laundry in Napa Valley charges)! Luckily there were some good options of wines by the glass -- we opted for the Hall cabernet for $19 a glass. Totally worth it.
5	All I can say is WAGYU!!!! Melt in your mouth deliciousness with great selection of house made sauces to pick from. I prefer their meats to the other high end places in town. A beautiful restaurant, great service, and fabulous steaks!!! This is my favorite steakhouse on the strip. Plus it's not crazy loud inside so you can still hear the people at your table.
4	As far as high end steakhouses goes, Cut is one of the best. Order your steak rare to medium rare and you will have a fine meal.  What brings me back to this place is the kobe steak sashimi.  No gastronomical adventure in Vegas is complete without this dish.  If you're a carnivore, it is not to be missed.  If I could eat only one thing in Vegas, it would be this.
2	The service was great. However the food was much less impressive. We both ordered filet mignon medium rare. The steaks were overcooked and I saw some pink, but it's more like medium than medium rare. The steaks were also dry. I have had much better steaks elsewhere. The side (we ordered potatoes) was also just so-so and nothing special about the cocktails neither. CUT just didn't cut it!
2	The steak, apps, and sides were all delicious. However the rude service provided by the manager was very disturbing to say the least. The food runners brought the steaks out and mixed the steaks giving the me the medium well steak when I ordered a medium rare steak and giving the medium rare steak to someone who ordered medium well. When we told the waitress she brought the steaks back to be corrected. The manager then brings out the medium well steak to show us and pretty much "test" our integrity by asking if this is how we wanted it cooked. He then proceeded to try to tell us that this is a medium rare steak when the steak was definitely not as rare as the steak that everyone else was eating. We came here to enjoy a great meal, however this manager ruined our experience. We will definitely never be coming back EVER again or refer this place to anyone.
5	Just an FYI. If you make a reservation through the Yelp App - that's through OpenTable.com - you will not receive the points on Open Table. It's that tiny little disclaimer that no one tells you about and I found out after reading Open Table's website. I think that is ridiculous but that's a whole different topic in itself.I've eaten at Cut while at a Bachelor party but eating with a group of guys is obviously different than eating with your lady who doesn't really eat steak. The service was remarkable - from the hostess to the multitude of servers. Our server brought out various cuts of meat and informed us of the process for each one. You could tell the server really liked his job because of his enthusiasm for each cut. I ended up getting the Petit Filet, a ton of sides and a nice Gin cocktail. We also ordered some wine and their sommelier brought out a new wine machine that pokes a hole into the cork of the wine bottle so they wouldn't have to open up the entire bottle for one customer. We were their guinea pig (or they said) and it was her first time doing a table side opening. It's an interesting concept but if you do not have an open bottle to compare the two, the whole thing is kind of pointless. Besides the steak, their seasonal corn was probably the best thing on their menu. The server highly recommended it and I would so as well. Their corn was so simple yet so flavorful (only flavored with olive oil, salt & pepper, sugar). I would probably pass on their creamy spinach and it honestly did not need the egg on top. It was a very nice meal and I would definitely come back.
5	Wow.. make a reservation.  Pretty pricey BUT   the food was great.  and the service was outstanding!      You definitely pay for what you get... you do pay a lot but the service was fantastic.   It's not a casual place.. it you take a casual approach to this, you won't fully appreciate it.
4	Servers were great and I loved the swivel chairs. I had the porterhouse, wedge salad, pork belly, creamed spinach, potatoes, Mac n cheese, and a samurai cocktail.All in all it was fantastic- my only hesitation to give Cut five stars is that it didn't distinguish itself from other comparable steak houses. If you're staying at the Palazzo/Venetian and are looking for a nice steak dinner, there is no need to go any further than Cut.
4	Went with a large group, the server was awesome. Was able to explain to everyone about what was on the menu. After the food this is what we all kind of thought of the food. ***bone marrow (had a weird texture but don't forget to add the sauce together) ** smoked salmon (didn't taste as good as I thought it would, I'm used to it being cut in thin slices. This was in chunks) *** Cesar salad (very refreshing) ***** Waygu steak. Cooked perfectly! ***** mac and cheese (big fan of cheese) **** tuna tartar. (Fresh) Will def be coming back for the steak and mac and cheese.
5	Best steak I've ever had, and the service was amazing! Our waiter made excellent recommendations. Can't wait to visit again.
1	Let me say the service here is unparalleled.  We had a main server and an assistant.  There were also other people that would come to our table to check on us and offer assistance all throughout the meal.  When my sister asked where the restroom was, a gentleman actually escorted she and my mom to the ladies room.  Nice touch.My negative review is for the steak/kitchen.  We ordered our steaks medium well.  We received them medium rare.  No big deal.  We sent them back to be cooked a little longer but what we then received was a charred MESS!!  I mean my steak was completely black!!  You could not cut the top of the steak with the knives they provided!!  CRAZINESS!!   And to top it all the inside was STILL red!  I have never had a steak come out to me looking like that.  There was no excuse.  My family and I were there to celebrate my sisters birthday.  We previously had an awesome experience there so we wanted to re-create that wonderful night.  Well it's true, you can't go home again because this time the kitchen truly screwed up.  The flavor of the meat was fine but trying to eat that bitter char on top was not working for me.  Truly ridiculous.  2 of the steaks we just sent back and did not get a replacement because of time, we had already sent the steak back once.  So a couple of us just ate sides for my sisters birthday dinner.  The management did provide desserts on the house.  That was nice of them but really we just wanted to get out of there before the deli closed :-/  We were hungry!!!I loved CUT so much the first visit that I would have loved to give it more than 1 star this time.   Again the service was impeccable.  The atmosphere is chic and welcoming.  But seriously, the person that burnt those steaks up is ridiculous and should not be in a kitchen.  Even on my stove at home I wouldn't have demolished a steak that way.  I understand that everyone makes mistakes but that was terrible.    Only thing redeeming about the visit was the excellent service and the way it was handled.  But you make reservations for a special occasion simply for the atmosphere.  I wanted good food.
5	Bobby was an amazing server. Very knowledgable about the menu and very attentive. The food was excellent, we shared a porterhouse steak. Done to perfection and the sauces were delicious. Great place to eat in Vegas!
5	I got the Waygu beef and it was the most amazing meal I've ever had!!  Lame that I had the most amazing meal of my life when I wasn't hungry, but on well.I love Mario Batelli's restaurant Carnevino and had their steak the very next day for lunch (I know, how much steak can one girl have in 24 hours) anyways, it just did not compare. I'm aware that Waygu beef is completely different so it's not a fair comparison to Carnevino but hey that's my comment. :)
5	5 stars!!!!! I have never been this impressed and frankly this is way above what I am used to.  The wife and I wanted to do something nice and WOW this was it. The service was top of the line and a 5 star dinning experience!!! Everything was perfect. I am almost at a loss of words to tell you how perfect everything was.We shared the 34 ounce porter house and I was the BEST steak I have ever had!!! I eat a tone of steak and this was phenomenal! We also had a side of bacon potatoes and they were amazing as well. If you want to go some place amazing and romantic while in Vegas this is it. My two little tips.....1) Make sure you make a reservation, even on a week day or you will not get in. 2) Bring your money!! For just the wife and I it was about $230, but worth every penny
5	I didn't know much about the restaurant before we went as another member of our group had made the recommendation/reservation. It was a fabulous night with delicious food. Four (out of six) of us got the wagyu beef. I got the petit filet and still couldn't finish it with all of the sides we ordered. The steak had a wonderful crispy outside. Slicing the meat was a smooth as slicing butter. Every bite was decadent. I did enjoy trying the mustards with the beef.We got the bacon potatoes as a side -- again so very rich. The only thing I wasn't wowed by was the creamed spinach...I've had better. Another friend had ordered the mac and cheese. I had a bite, but was so full that I felt I couldn't totally enjoy it...I do recall it was flavorful.The service and presentation was top notch. I would highly recommend The Cut to anyone...it's pricey, but totally worth it. Best steak I have ever eaten!
5	This steakhouse is one of my favorite out here. The ambiance is so modern and clean. Food I had the Wagyu which just meltsin your mouth.  Definitely a must go!
3	The food was great, but the service seemed really disorganized! Our reservation was at 8:45, but we didnt get seated until 9:30. That's a long time! I had the reservation for a couple of months, so I was really disappointed by that. Once we sat down, they comped us two apps. Nice, but for 11 people that were really hungry? Not really a dent. We ordered and then got our apps pretty soon after. Then, we waited. And waited. And waited. Another 45 minutes later we got our entrees! The food was really really good. But I was so tired, and actually not really in the mood to eat anymore! The server was nice and felt bad, but honestly, nothing can make up for waiting so long both those times. I don't think I will be back.
4	This was my second time eating at cut. Once again settings is very elegant. The service was spectacular. We went with another couple who ordered bone in ribeye. The hitting the top sirloin bone in ribeye the last time ( their be expensive option). I did not find it nearly as good last time we ate here. My family stay to be ordinary not special. I get a Bernese sauce on it was excellent. However last time we were here the steak was of such qualities it is not needed. The vegetables on the side where at standing. Awkward to play with also really outstanding. I guess my take home message is to order the expensive cut at this restaurant rather than d least expensive. Still it was a wonderful dining experience.
4	A place for great steaks. The room is noisy, so it's not for a quiet night. The service is great. The steak choices and quality are hard to beat. If you can only go to one Puck fine dining spot, I'd suggest Spago. If you want steak, this is a great choice.
5	Fantastic steak and ambience. One of my favorite places to dine in Las Vegas. You won't be disappointed with the American Wagyu filet. The Mac and Cheese was also fantastic.
5	One of the best meals. We had the Wagyu filet mignon and rib eye, both were melt in the mouth great. Also lamb chops were excellent. Service was par excellence
3	I have been to the Beverly Hills location once and this was my second time in LV.  Although the food was good, I did not leave with a spectacular feeling this time. We were seated next to a vey loud table.  I realize this is Vegas, but for these prices you expect to screen out that crowd.  The pork belly and tuna  starters were delicious.  Frankly, the starters were better than the porterhouse for two.  The fries were disappointing this time and I would not get them again.  The cream spinach was delicious as usual.   Will I go back, probably.  However I think I may just stop by for a cocktail and have a nosh at the bar.
5	Clearly hands down best steak restaurant anywhere!!!  Great atmosphere...lounge but classy.  Great service.  Never disappoint.
5	Let me preface by saying this place is very expensive. The service is terrific. Even though the place was packed it was almost like having your own personal waiter. I've been to some of the finest restaurants in NY, LA etc but this place is over the top as far as service. The food, everything from the appetizer, steaks to the dessert was beyond excellent. One minor negative. The side sauces really didn't compliment the steaks and why would someone put these sauces on such fine steaks is beyond me. I must say it was the best steak I ever had. I would say the experience was a orgasmic experience.
5	Amazing! Seriously amazing! From the amuse to the banana cream pie, everything was utterly delicious. We started with the  steak tartare and the crab and shrimp Louis. We then split the American Waygu ribeye and the lobster. Hands down the best meal ever!
2	Very overpriced and pretty average food. Nothing too exciting. Attempt to provide stellar service actually came across as constant interruptions and too chatty. I alerted them to my gluten allergy and they would joke about it every!!!! time they dropped bread and linger. Would stop by constantly until we were ready to close out bill...this part took forever. The presentation of raw meat as you order was unappetizing too. Would not recommend this place out of all the amazing Vegas options.
5	Absolutely an amazing experience! By far one of the best service I've ever had (and I'm also a server so my expectations are a tad bit higher haha). I was here tonight for a bachelorette dinner with 9 other girls & our server Richard was the best! I speak for everyone when I say that he did such a great job in making sure all of us were taken care of. Yes, it's expensive but aside from the fact that the food is deliciously mouth warming, I promise you the service you get from here will make your money worth it. I will definitely come back again my next trip to Vegas!
5	Went there last night with my wife. Service was superb. Everyone is very professional precise and knowledgable with their answers. The atmosphere is great, medium lighting where you can see your food and have a romantic evening. Food was excellent, prepared exactly as ordered. I would visit this place again on my next trip to vegas
5	Amazing dining experience! The service from Ben and James was great! We started with the asparagus appetizer- yum yum and perfect rose champagne. We enjoyed the Illinois petit cut filet mignon and the Nebraska petit cut New York cooked to chefs preference. House steak and peppercorn sauces to dip in. Between the two of course the filet was better, but they both cut like butter and melted in your mouth. Mac and cheese for our side and it was delicious and a half bottle of Sangiovese to compliment our steaks. Banana cream pie for dessert it was perfect- light and refreshing. A divine dining experience.
5	Best servers around hands down, best Martini drinks I have had, very good wine selection, best appetizers to the main course, pricy but worth every penny. This place made our whole Vegas trip. Will be going back.
3	Over priced and under sized steaks. The atmosphere is wonderful and staff friendly and attentive. TBH, you shouldn't have to fill up on bread and sides to make up for the portion sizes of the steaks. I've eaten at many of the top restaurants in the US and just felt ripped off in the end. Better choices
2	Over cooked $58 ribeye. Second one tasted salty and charred. Temp was good but no efforts to correct. For that much money, it's a shame. Will do my best to divert people from coming here.
4	My boyfriend and I recently ate here for our anniversary. The service was great and very attentive. They offer complimentary parmesan bread sticks and delicious cheesy soft mini popovers at the beginning of your meal. You must not have too much or else you'll be too full for their prime steaks. We ordered the pork belly and tuna tartare appetizers which were delicious. We were also offered a variety of bread and I definitely recommend the pretzel knot; its sweet and salty.. so yummy! My boyfriend and I both ordered NY strip steak and it was cooked to perfection per our request. We were also offered a complimentary slice of banana cream cake with a sweet 'Happy Anniversary' message which was just the perfect ending to our meal.
2	Day 4 of my Las Vegas getaway (almost two weeks ago).  Day 1 included dinner at Gallagher's for steak which I found to be pretty good but not great.  So, let's try steak again but this time at Wolfgang Puck's CUT.  The restaurant was busy with a nice energetic ambiance.  I ordered the Nebraska Corn-fed rib-eye with green peppercorn sauce and wild field mushrooms.  On the side I had the fingerling potatoes with bacon and onions and glass of Heitz Cellars cabernet.  Cocktail was called Pins and Needles.The Good - The service was efficient and impeccable.  The wine was perfect and the cocktail was excellent.  The fingerling potato side with bacon was great.  I could have eaten an entire plate of them.  Maybe I should have after you read the Bad and the Ugly below.The Bad and the Ugly - I had such high hopes to finish my stay in Las Vegas with a great steakhouse experience.  What a disappointment.  The rib-eye I ordered was cooked perfectly and oh so tender.  The first bite was heaven.  After three or four bites I realized how salty the steak was.  Before I finished half of the steak there was so much salt on my palate I could barely taste my wine and other food.  I had to drink the entire 750 ml bottle of sparkling water I ordered.  Because of the salty meat I could finish neither my meal, wine, or the cocktail.The waiter did remove the cost of the meat from my bill but I didn't care about that.  I wanted a great steakhouse experience and was sorely disappointed.   Wolfgang, this establishment needs some of your personal attention.(I updated my review based on the response I received from management; professional and courteous as you would expect.  I will indeed give CUT another try on my next trip to Vegas and am confident that it will be a much better experience as others here have raved.)
4	Service alone deserves 5 stars. Everyone- from the hostess to the server- were so attentive and accommodating. The ambience was intimate and classy. We had the steak tartare (not the best I've had, but still VERY good), the crab and shrimp appetizer (fantastic), the asparagus (severely overpriced), the fingerling potatoes (incredible), and the rib eye which was tough, well seasoned, but too difficult to eat. The banana cream pie was honestly the best part. The best dessert I've had in a long time, and the best banana cream pie dessert ever. A fantastic meal and dining experience, even though the meal had some lacking aspects.
4	Simply amazing, one of the best service that I have experienced. The food was very good and they cook their steak on the wood so the steak taste so natural and traditional which I love. I would recommend this restaurant.
5	Wagyu beef tasting was amazing! Always a great experience at CUT!
5	Yes, it is expensive.  BUT, it may very well be the best meal I have ever had.  The American wagyu was unbelievable as was everything else that was served up.  Back up the Brinks truck and then sit back and enjoy a one of a kind meal.
5	After seeing every steakhouse repeated from NYC we wanted something new so we settled on Cut. What a great experience.  The server was more knowledgeable then most I encounter in NYC. We went to order a particular cut of meat and the waiter said we would enjoy something better because it was to mineraly. Fantastic sevice, fantastic meal. Highly recommended.
4	Expensive. Most reputable steak in venetian and palazzo.  I think it it better than delmonico and carnevino.Decor is more chic than the other two.  Known for having their steak charred and blackened. Quite different than their competitors. Special occasion dining experience due to price.
5	This place has a good vibe. I love the music they played, some good classic rock.  My friend and I ordered the New York Sirloin Sampler which consists of the following: American Wagyu From Snake River Farms 4 Oz*U.S.D.A. PRIME Dry Aged 35 Days 4 Oz*True Japanese 100% Wagyu Beef From Miyazaki Prefecture, Kyushu 2 Oz*. It was amazing.  The wagyu beef was so tender that when I bit into it, it was almost as if it dissolved. I felt the meat in my mouth with my tongue and I could literally break it apart without using teeth.  Amazing!!We also got 2 sides, the fingerling potatoes, which said they came with bacon but actually came with chunks of crispy pork belly, and the Nantes Carrots, Sun Chokes, Turnips, Thyme Honey. Both were good choices.For dessert, we got the banana cream pie. It was partially frozen which was unexpected and therefore, ehh alright. I've definitely had better.All in all, great quality food, high prices, good ambiance.  Would be a great place for a special occasion. So glad we went.
5	Can things get better than a fancy dinner in Vegas? I was in town for a girl's weekend and wanted to enjoy one indulgent meal. We decided to make a reservation at CUT since Wolfgang Puck is such a renowned chef. We were not disappointed. I started with the Crab and Shrimp Cocktail, which was fantastic. The portions were much larger than expected. They even start you off with a huge selection of bread, so don't make the mistake of loading up on carbs. In regards to the steak, we had to try the American Wagyu Beef. I ordered a Filet Mignon (6 oz) with caramelized onions and the peppercorn sauce. It was the best steak I've ever had. It was so moist and perfectly cooked. We got the creamed spinach and mac and cheese as sides, and this was way more than enough food. To top off our meal, we ordered the banana cream pie, which was fantastic. They also served some small dessert samples which were okay, but I would recommend trying one of their house made desserts.
2	I was here on a Saturday sitting at the bar waiting for my friend to show up before heading to the club. I put my order in and which was the Rib Eye with bone and I have to say I'm really disappointed. I know at the when they are cooking the steak they charboil it in 1200 degrees for a bit, but for my steak they left in there too long. I was pretty much all black on the outside and medium in the inside, not tasty at all. I placed an order for my friend who was running late, same steak and his came out looking much better. At this time the bartender/waiter noticed that I was scrapping the char off the steak and informed me if I wanted another one. I told him it was okay since we had go to XS and there would not be enough time. Left about a quarter worth of steak on the plate with most of my sides since it ruined my experience for a last night. Never coming here again.Good thing we had bottle service at the club, that made the night better.
5	Amazing service....food was perfectly made , will recommend eating here to all friends and family, return trip will return.
5	Loved it!My husband and I came here on our last night in Vegas as our splurge dinner, it was SO WORTH IT!This is a place where servers brings by a plate of steak to compare the cuts. There was a tray of bread options as well and a wine list on a tablet. The dining room is beautiful, I thought the pillows on the seat was nice. The only thing missing was an outdoor space with a view.Everything is a la carte here, so be prepared for that. My 28 day aged New York strip was delicious medium rare. My husband's American Wagyu Black Angus hybrid New York Strip was delightful as well. We chose creamed spinach topped with an egg  and fingerling potatoes with bacon as sides. I couldn't finish more than about a quarter of the 12oz steak, so the kitchen boxed it up to go with some pretzel rolls to go with room service-eggs the next day.  A great idea!For dessert, we debated on going to Jean Phillipe at the Bellagio, but wound up staying for blueberry upside down cake.  It was very good, small but sharable, and the plate was dressed with "congratulations" in chocolate :)
5	We went here for the last night of our honeymoon, and CUT is exactly the sort of place that lends itself to that special an occasion.  It's very expensive, but you are getting what you pay for both in terms of the quality of the food and the level of service. The service is as over the top as it could possibly get without being intrusive.  Friendly, knowledgeable, and always on hand.  There are plenty of good wines to choose from (we both had an excellent malbec).  The food is something to be experienced... my wife and I both had a New York strip, but I opted for the American Wagyu and it was sumptuous.  We added a side of fingerling potatoes (which were excellent) and creamed spinach (which was also very good, but my wife liked it more than I did). Dessert here is delicious.  It isn't going to steal the show from the main course, but that steak was a nearly impossible act to follow.  The blueberry upside down cake was great way to put a finishing touch on dinner, though.  I highly recommend CUT if you're looking for somewhere for a truly special occasion.
5	This was our 5th time to Cut and it has been nothing but amazing. We always marvel in the consistency. Everything from the drinks, to food, to service has been the exact same every visit - spectacular. I'm not a steak eater but the short ribs and fish are incredible, and my husband has been ruined for any steak we can get around home. We could live off the mac and cheese and baked alaska. Can't wait to go back!
5	Don't need to say much. The service is perfect.. u have like 3ppl serve ur table and the wayagu steak is melt in your mouth.. what else can you ask for with a glass a red wine.. uhmm..
4	Cut was a special experience. It was my first time eating at a Wolfgang Puck restaurant. I went with a large group of friends. The service was exceptional, the atmosphere was fine, the space was clean and well organized. The food was superb. They had a cool selection of breads for the table, one of which was a house made pretzel roll. I really enjoyed that bread. The steak was also great and cooked to perfection. The flavors were amazing. I recommend Cut.
5	Amazing meal! Everything was delicious!! Even though we were a large group we didn't suffer with service. It's a fabulous menu!
5	I had my birthday dinner here Friday and it was one of the best meals of my life! The steak tartare, the onion bread, the whisky flights...literally everything was spectacular, including the service. We can't wait to make reservations on our next trip to Vegas!
4	Dined here with a few co workers in April 2011. No jacket required which surprised me considering my bill was well over $100. Felt I should have had a three piece suit on spending that much. While the meal was quite expensive, the steak was without a doubt the best I have ever had. I had a Wagyu NY Strip on the bone. It was simply amazing. The sides were delicious (I believe I had the mashed potatoes). The servers were always coming around with fresh bread and each time there was something different in the basket. Service was what you would expect spending that kind of money. Our server brought our steaks out, cut them in front of us then arranged the meat back on the plate and served us. If you feel like splurging on a delish steak this is the place to do it
3	We had dinner here for my Fiances birthday after heavily debating which of the many steakhouses in Vegas to dine at. We are serious Foodies, and are certainly not afraid to spend serious bucks on a delicious meal. With that being said, I do believe this is the most I have ever spent on a meal for 2 people. Ambiance - 3 Stars - -Different decor than your normal steakhouse. Lots of metals/mirrors gave it a bit more of a modern feel Leather benches (if you're lucky enough to get a booth) with leather table tops were nice. We thought the decor was a bit "cold" due to the usage of sharp edges and more modern materials. -The seats in the middle of the restaurant did not seem appealing at all. The chairs looked like something you would sit on in a conference room at your office. -It is LOUD in here. There is not an lot of space, and the use of hard materials   everywhere causes sound to bounce in every direction. They could really use some sound absorbing materials on the ceiling to cut down the noise. We were lucky to be sitting right next to each-other in a booth, because if we weren't we would most likely have been shouting across the table. Service - 4.5 Stars - - Immediately seated at a nice booth, with reservations. Wait staff was attentive. Items were brought to the table in a timely manner. Steak was carved and plated table-side along with the side dishes. Sides were also refilled by the wait staff as they were consumed from the plate, which was a nice touch. Food - 3 Stars - - All of the items brought out prior to dinner were quite good. Bread sticks, cheese pastries, and the assorted bread tray. We did not get any appetizers as to not spoil the, assumed to be, spectacular cut of beef we would receive for our main course. I would give the "breads" an overall 4.5 stars. The focaccia and pretzel roll were both really tasty. The bread sticks were buttery. The pastry was buttery. And of course, the bread was served with butter topped with Rosmary and smoked sea salt. - Main course: 34 oz. Wagyu Porterhouse for 2. Sides: Cavatappi Pasta mac & Cheese, Qubec Cheddar, Shaved Baby Squash, Wild Field Mushrooms. - Wild Field Mushrooms: 5 Stars, these were delicious and a great addition to the steak. Generously Buttered. - Shaved Baby Squash: 4 Stars. Nothing too special about this, but it was a good change of pace from all of the butter used on everything else. Fresh & Crisp, seasoned lightly. - Cavatappi Pasta mac & Cheese, Qubec Cheddar: 3.5 Stars. It got old, quick. A good take on Mac & Cheese. I'm always a fan of Mac that uses more elegant cheeses than just yellow cheddar or even american, but this didn't have that "comfort" feeling you normally get with Mac. After one spoonful it gets old. Thick, cheesy, buttery. - 34 oz. Wagyu Porterhouse for 2, served medium-rare: 2 Stars. This isn't the first time that we have had a Wagyu porterhouse at a steakhouse, and we had high expectations. Unfortunately they fell very short. Even before choosing a restaurant we knew we wanted Wagyu. It was served with 5 different sauces. We sampled them, but normally don't take sauce with our steak - as the beef itself should be the star.  After all the build up from the waiter about how the steaks are 100% Wagyu, and our past experiences with Wagyu and Kobe - I was SERIOUSLY excited. My first impression was that it looked small. I would say we were served something more along the lines of 24-28oz. It was not a "pretty" cut of meat, it looked a bit beat up, grizzly, and fatty. When he brought it out my heart sank, and I immediately knew this was not going to be the mouth watering heart melting piece of beef we had set out for. The steak had just the right amount of salt/pepper/garlic/onion on the outside. The beef itself, however, did not live up to the hype. The Filet portion was extremely tender, and decently flavorful (for Filet). The Strip portion had around the same flavor quality as the Filet, unexpected. The beef did not have that glorious taste you would expect from a fine piece of meat like this, especially for the price. When you're paying triple digits for a steak, you expect it to be superb. The overall flavor profile for the steak was Butter. The beef was not rich tasting at all, and was actually quite bland.Dessert - 5 Stars - We didn't order anything, but the hotel concierge made note that it was my Fiances birthday. They brought out a generous slice of the Banana Pie which was absolutely amazing. Served on a plate with a scoop of ice cream, and Happy Birthday in chocolate sauce. Dessert was probably the best part of the meal.Cost - 4 Stars - It's inflated, but it's Vegas. Maybe our taste buds were off that night, or we actually did receive a sub-par cut of beef, I'm not sure. The Asst. GM, Matt, gave me his card and assured us the next cut of beef we received from them would surpass our expectations. With all the 5 star reviews, I would probably give it another chance.
5	hands down the best culinary experience of my life.i know i've reviewed a couple of steakhouses, but this place is by far one of the best meals i've had. my fiancee and i were super excited to come here for his birthday dinner, since we're both such steak lovers. we were seated the minute we arrived, which was amazing, because typically steakhouses make you wait 10 minutes past your reservation time (i never understood why). immediately, we had our waiter and another server take care of our utensils and water glasses; i can honestly go on and on about how impeccable the service was at this place. they really have all of the fine details down when it comes to customer service, which added to the amazing experience. we both started off with caesar salad, which wasn't on the menu, but our waitress was more than happy to have the salads prepared for us. the salad was prepared on butter lettuce, and topped with amazing shavings of parmesan cheese, creamy caesar dressing, and anchovies. you could really taste the quality of the ingredients used. the salad also came with two bruschettas topped with what tasted like garlic aioli, fresh cherry tomatoes, and basil. very delicious! we were also served different types of bread, four different kinds to choose from to be exact, and you could ask for as many as you wanted. for the main dishes, we ordered the 35 day aged new york sirloin, 21 day aged bone in rib eye, cavatappi pasta "mac & cheese", and onion rings (no,we couldn't finish it). wow. best steak ever. i definitely couldn't finish it all, but i did save some room for the delicious mac and cheese (i highly recommend ordering this side dish!). i'm not a fan of onion rings, but i absolutely loved these onion rings. the batter was very light and super crisp, which you don't typically find with onion rings. since it was my fiancee's birthday, the restaurant provided banana cream pie for dessert. the dish was accompanied with creme brulee, chocolate sauce, and roasted banana gelato; it was rich but super light at the same time.i highly recommend this restaurant for a special date night or celebration. you will not be disappointed.
5	I recommend this steak house. The steaks are delicious and meaty. I enjoyed eating  the steak. The bernaise sauce was delicious.
5	This is just an awesome steak house.  Portions are not too big, everything tastes great.  Had the Wagyu ribeye and it was perfection.  The corn and lobster soup appetizer was also amazing.  Thanks for a great meal!
5	One of my favorite places to eat.... I've been here often enough, quality of food and service is always amazing!  Explore there menu you cannot go wrong my favorite appetizer are pork belly, crab and shrimp, octopus is really good.... Steaks are never disappointing right temperature and oh my Lamb the most delicious Colorado lamb ever!!!!! And make room for the apple crusted dessert yum!
5	Best steakhouse that I've been to so far in Vegas.  Blows away Bellagio and Palms steakhouse.
5	Another great meal in Las Vegas!  A friend of mine and I had a great experience Monday night at CUT.  I started with a glass of champagne and we shared the butter lettuce salad with a champagne vinaigrette...simple, but delicious.  We both enjoyed the wagyu beef filet and it was melt in your mouth good, but very rich.  We shared the creamed spinach and mac 'n cheese sides...both of which were sinfully good too.  I don't think you can go wrong at CUT.  However, this place isn't cheap, so come prepared to spend a mini fortune for this culinary treat!
4	The food is really tasty here. Well seasoned steaks and side dishes dont disappoint. I highly recommend the fresh summer corn salad and the slow roasted beef. This was a meal we were drooling over, weeks later.
2	CUT did not make the cut. Sorry. I had to.It was a group of 10 of us. 80% of our steaks were not cooked to what we specified. I mean, this is a steak place after all. This is what they do, their wheelhouse, no? NO.  I asked for medium rare, like any other intelligent carnivore, and what did I get? MEDIUM, almost medium well. I complained but others at my table did not. It's a TRAVESTY to overcook steak at a steakhouse. Period.We ordered most of the sides. All were lackluster.Another celebrity chef who wanted on the Las Vegas bandwagon and opened a restaurant without thinking through and perfecting the menu.
4	Almost excellent! From appetizer to steak, and wine. Been there several times, almost tried every course on menu, except tones of wines there. One of the best in Vegas!
5	I can start by saying this place is expensive - very expensive. But unlike most places I've been in Vegas, I felt the value was there even compared to top steakhouses in places like San Francisco, New York and Omaha. (Yes, Omaha).The service was impeccable. What really set it apart for me is when I was looking for a spot to set down an empty appetizer tray and the sommelier - not a busser or waiter - grabbed it and bussed it. Really impressive.All the food was up to the highest steakhouse standards. I didn't spring for Kobe beef but I didn't regret that. My steak was excellent and cooked as ordered.We had a large group, ~18, and they did a great job accommodating us at two neighboring tables.
5	I can't imagine going to any other steakhouse in Las Vegas after going to cut. It's the food, it's just near perfect. Had the tuna tartare appetizer, picture perfect, the surf and turf special with Maine lobster and Japanese Kobe Beef. I if you never had Kobe like me you have to try it. Its expensive but the first bite says it all. There is nothing like it.Service wine and dessert excellent.  Be sure to make reservation, it's very popular.
5	Great ambience with top service from beginning to end. Before going in you have to make a commitment not to sweat the  price because it is expensive.  I ordered Nebraska aged steak and it was outstanding. The wine selection is exceptional and the desserts totally decadent.
5	A transcendent experience, probably the best meal of my life (can I give them 6 Stars ?!?)   The combination of service, accommodation of plating requests, high quality food, great drinks and overall execution was just flawless.   Unforgettable evening !!   Cut fans for life !!!
2	Excellent waitstaff. Shoe leather steak. Everything else was very good, but the "steak" was very disappointing.
2	Maybe I went on an off night but at this price, I would never expect an off night.The staff is great and they recommended a really good bottle of wine.On the other hand, the steak was pretty bad. It was cooked to order, a nice medium rare with outstanding sear, but it just didn't taste good at all. I just find it hard to ruin a rib eye. It was dry and very bland.I can't recommend anyone going here.
3	Disappointing and over priced
3	I... don't know what to say. I had really high hopes for this place, thinking this would be one of the best meals of my life. But sadly, I was hugely disappointed.For a 6 oz steak that costs $85, I expected a lot more. I ordered the American wagyu filet mignon, medium rare. What I got was definitely more rare than medium rare.. most of the steak was red. I even started to question if they gave me the right steak, because it wasn't anything near amazing, like I expected after reading some yelp reviews about the American wagyu.  It was kinda tasteless, didn't melt in my mouth at all, and was even slightly difficult to swallow. Mastros in Costa Mesa is way better..Other reviews on what we ordered:Appetizer: bone marrow flan: this was pretty good. It had a lot of flavor.. even the salad on top was delicious and refreshing amongst all the heavy things we ordered. Not a lot in terms of quantity but very tasty. I think it's popular because it's so unique. Good but didn't amaze me. American wagyu filet mignon: see above. This was ok... sad to say.American wagyu ribeye: what my bf ordered. He always gets the ribeye and I always get the filet mignon, which is nice because we get to try both. His ribeye was ok. Not as fatty and flavorful as ribeyes usually are. A disappointment as well.. didnt have much flavor.  Maybe we were supposed to order some toppings for our steaks to give them more flavor, but we wanted to taste the steak on its own since it's supposed to be such good quality. I guess that's what the sauces and salt (that they offer) are for. I'd rather the chef perfect the steak's flavor for me, though, since they're the pros and we're paying so much. Side: wild field mushrooms: this was ok. I would have much preferred other mushrooms. I wouldn't order this again. Be careful when you eat the big green pepper as it can be very spicy!Mac n cheese: this was actually really good! Not your typical mac n cheese. I loved the texture of the macaroniWine: I forgot the exact one I ordered, but it was a cabernet sauvignon, which I always get. It was okay. Service was pretty good. They explain the cuts of meat to you, comparing Japanese wagyu and American wagyu. The servers were very efficient and seemed pretty busy. You should definitely ask questions if you have any. They were more than happy to answer my questions. In the end, our meal was $300 for two people (appetizer, two steaks, two sides and a glass of wine). I wish the price were justified by an unforgettable meal, but I'm left feeling pretty unsatisfied. I didn't even bother to look at the dessert menu, which says a lot. Trust me.Come here to experience a Wolfgang Puck restaurant if you wish, but just don't get your hopes up.
3	Ahhhhh the famous Cut! I have heard that this steakhouse is super good from an acquaintance so I decided to give it a try while I'm on a vacay. Interior: good! Glassy and dim lights! The Furniture is black, neat and comfortable. I like black and glassy places. Nice layout. Customer service: good again! Our guy was really friendly and nice. My girl had a few questions and he was very thorough while answering them. Food: hmmm I gotta say it's the biggest let down in my life. Given that the place has the four dollar signs, I thought it would be top notch. My girl and I got a bone marrow flan, American wagyu filet mignon and ribeye with Mac and cheese and wildfield mushroom on the side. The bone marrow flan was very interesting and unique. When I first heard about it, I was very confused. Flan is supposed to be sweet, but this particular one was cooked in a bone marrow. Me no comprehender! The bone marrow was good. That's all I could say. It's hard to explain so jus try it lol wildfield mush was aiite. It had that typical mush taste with a lil saltiness. Mac and cheese was cheesy and creamy on a decent level. Now the finale 'drum roll' the steaks were okay.. My ribeye was so plain that I thought maybe I was supposed to get a sauce.. And the thing is the meat itself wasn't exquisite like the waiter explained. It jus tasted like usda black angus prime beef in my opinion. There was nothing wagyu about it. For that reason, I give this restaurant three stars. Nothing extraordinary. Just plain.
5	Staff is great, wine list too. The starters were divine (wagyu carpaccio and steak tartare) and our steaks the way the were supposed to be: juicy, flavoursome, huge. Our 5-year old was treated like a prince and loved it.Not cheap though - but not more overpriced than other famous steakhouses.
4	i ate hear on 10-26-14 around 6:00 pm.  even though i made reservations i still sat in the bar.  the restaurant decor was nice and i was the only one in the bar eating.the service at the bar was just okay.  they were not very helpful or overly nice.  i would give the service 4 stars.  i'm sure i would have received better service if i sat in the dining area.the food was good.  the bread basket was good.  my caesar salad was different but just okay.  my bone-in ribeye was a 4 star ribeye but the fries were great!!in my opinion i would go to delmonico steakhouse in the venetian which is a few steps away.  my dinner before tip was $101.
5	This place was amazing. While I only saw the bar part, and I use the term "saw" loosely here because it is very dark in the bar. So much so that the couple next to us was using their flash on their cellphone cameras to look at the wine list. The service here was what you would expect from a restaurant of this caliber and price point. Very attentive, knowledgeable and professional. While the food here was amazing, it was a pity I couldn't see it any better or get any decent pictures. So dark! I understand ambiance and mood, but come on. My girlfriend and I had the Australian Oxtail bouillon with bone marrow dumplings. It melted in your mouth. The flavors danced on my tongue, and my stomach purred from its depths. It was that good. The dry aged, corn fed NY strips we got were phenominal. Night and day difference in that mine was rare and girly girl's was well done. Both cooked to perfection. Side of creamed spinach with a fresh egg on top. Wow. And the creamy polenta is what did me in. Perfectly executed both texturally and flavor. And I know, because I make this at home. We somehow sneaked in on a Saturday evening during the Mr.Olympia weekend, I think we just got lucky. Highly recommend a reservation.
5	I love this place!!! We went here for our anniversary, and it was definitely worth the price. The service was impeccable, and the food was even more amazing than I expected. The staff is on point, and they work together as a team to give you exceptional service and perfect presentation. They took note that it was our anniversary, and made it really special. We got the porterhouse for two, which is seasoned to perfection and melts in your mouth. This was probably the best steak I've ever had. I have dreams about it. There were some reviews that stated that the sides were small, and so we ended up getting three sides to share.  However, that was unnecessary for two people. I would suggest one to two sides at most to share for two people. The mac & cheese was the best. I just cannot say enough good things, and I can't wait to come back.
3	I went to the Vegas location last week and came away feeling like if your not a big roller...don't come here. I made this reservation about two  months ago and for the simple reason that my wife is from Nebraska and Cut serves a very nice corn fed beef from NE. We had it in Beverly Hills and loved it and the service.We checked in at the front desk and were shown to a table right in front of the kitchen door. We were told its all we have. Wrong, I don't want to have a great dinner interrupted by servers going by our table every minute. Either poor design or greedy management. I was asked to wait in the bar and we should have had dinner there...great service in the bar. I was then shown to another table that was better...so they told me. No staff will go through here....wrong again, but I just wanted to eat at that point. Food is good. Wine list amazing, so i can't ding them on any of that. I just felt during the whole meal that I was not spending enough. Very subtle, but it was there. No bottle of wine? No dessert? Hmmmm, how about the $50.00 steak I just ordered. I get it, big rent and expensive brand. I think i will go back to the Palm where I feel appreciated.
5	I always check out places to eat when we decide to stay at a certain hotel in Vegas. We chose the Venetian on this trip. We ate at Carnevino last time so this time we wanted to try CUT. Checked out the menu online and the pics on YELP. The maple glazed pork belly caught my eye and also the selection of steaks.No reservations, we just walked in on Sunday around 6pm. Asked if we mind sitting in the lounge area, no problem, seated right away. Greeted by a server for drinks. Bobby the head server welcomed us and brought menus. He IS the man! He explained the menu and made great recommendations. Pretzel sticks were brought to us along with our drinks. Later a great selection of fresh breads were brought out. I had the focaccia and on a recommendation the pretzel bread. Both were delicious!We started with the maple glazed pork belly. Very good!! And Bobby suggested the American Wagyu ribeye, good choice. Good flavor and tender!! My gf wanted the Mac and Cheese for our side, also good.We were checked on several times by Bobby and other workers during our meal. My gf got up at one point to use the restroom and passed by the main dining area, she said it was loud. The lounge was much quieter. We actually had room for dessert, well at least I did. Browsed the menu and settled on the Baked Alaska. Yummy! Even my gf liked it even though she said she was full....ahem. After that, Bobby surprised us with a tray of desserts to sample. I don't remember all of them, there was a macaron, a pear jelly something and two more. All were delicious!I highly recommend CUT! I would also strongly suggest dining in the lounge area and if you're lucky enough Bobby will be working!
4	Ok a little on the pricey side.  But the steak here is really awesome.  The waitstaff was super attentive and suggestions where very good.  I ended up with the NY Strip and asked for medium-rare and got exactly medium-rare.  It was just super delicious.  Again on the pricey side, but at least they have really good food and service.
5	This place is great.  Service is top notch....may be best ever had.  Food is fantastic.  Steaks served simple and the sides served at the table.  Nebraska rib eye was tender and tasty.  The breads they bring are fantastic, big selection to pick from.  Had the cheese plate (ask if you want it before the meal as they only offer it post meal) it's great way to try some different cheese and served with some honey and apricot sauce.  Good selection of beer and wine and full cocktails.  Dissertation looked fantastic some in the party had baked Alaska.  For a great fancy up scale decode and atmosphere and fantastic steaks this is a great place.
2	My husband and I always go to a fine steak houses everywhere when we travel so we are no strangers to high end steak. This was one of the most disappointing steak experiences we have had. Service started out amazing- super friendly server who explained everything. We were planning on getting a rib eye - probably Nebraska and aged. The server told us that the American waygu is her favorite and the best in the menu. That being said we went with it. We ordered 2 extra ounces for my husband which made the steak around $130 for one steak. Bread tastes great, especially the pretzel roll but it was all cold. My husband and I found this odd. The food came and unfortunately it was disappointing.  The steak was sooooo wood charred tasting. It almost tasted like camp fire. It was not tender and was actually hard to cut. It was not very warm even. It lacked salt. It was, to put it plainly, a mediocre steak I could have bought from Costco and prepared at home. The Mac and cheese was some of the best I have ever had. The Brussels sprouts were good. Here is what really made this drop down from 3 to 2 stars. The server who was so attentive and friendly NEVER CAME BACK. Not one person asked how the steak was or we would have asked to have it warmed up a little. The assistants filled our water but never asked. We sat not touching our plates for at least 10 minutes when we were finished before anyone even came over to take the plates. It was truly disappointing. Finally once all was fine the server dropped dessert menus but never asked how it was. We wanted to get out of there and just handed her our card. The service and food lacked. If you want steak in Vegas do smith and Wollenskys or something else but don't waste your money on a $130 per person steak here.
3	Overall disappointing.   I got the 8 ounce American Wagyu ribeye for $88.  It was under seasoned and not very tender at all.   There was little to no marbling.   If it was $30 to $40 I would not be as disappointed but for the cost, I do not recommend it.   The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because the sides were good especially the Mac and cheese.   Breads came out cold which was somewhat odd as well.   Definitely a memorable experience but not a good one.
5	Desserts are amazing! I ate dinner with friends before and stopped by To take care of our sweet tooth.We ordered:Baked Alaska  ice cream and marshmallowBanana cream  unique
2	mm.... may i say.... supreme letdown?the service was spectacular, but the service, unfortunately,  does not make up for the lackluster steaks.. The mac n cheese and mushroom sides were great, possibly the highlight of the meal, but the steaks themselves were extreme letdowns. The Japanese wagyu was actually really good, but the portion that comes out in the $165 sampler is pee-wee sized.. The wine was great, surprisingly not overly overpriced. The interior was nice, service was nice, food was good but I was hoping for more "eureka!" from the steaks.
5	I wish I could give this place 10 stars, but unfortunately that would break the scale on Yelp.  My friends and I made a reservation for this restaurant for a Friday night dinner and arrived about 15 minutes early.  Unfortunately, our table wasn't ready yet which is not the restaurant's fault; however, they offered us a seat at the bar area and gave us complimentary wasabi peas, peanuts, and olives while we waited.  We were seated immediately when the time rolled around and got a booth that faced the dining area - great for people watching.  The ambiance is a bit loud and rowdy, but the dim lighting made it feel quite romantic as well.  We had two servers that night, and they offered us complimentary bread, parmesan breadsticks, and some puffs, which I didn't try.  The waiter also brought out the tray of raw meat so he could explain the different marbling in each of the steaks.  Quite impressive and definitely something I've never seen at any other steakhouses.I ordered the petit cut filet mignon 8 oz cooked medium well with the house made steak sauce on the side.  For the sides, it was family style so we shared the asparagus and brussel sprouts.  I liked how they portioned out the sides for us. I must say, I was originally planning to eat half of my steak because 8 oz is too much for me, but after one bite, I was hooked.  The top and bottom of the steak were crunchy and crispy while the middle was nice and soft.  The contrast of the different textures in every bite was amazing. What made it even more amazing was their house made steak sauce.  It was tangy and flavorful, and I noticed that I would dip each slice generously into the sauce.  So good I can drink it. :)  Wish they sold it because I would have brought back a bottle.For dessert, we shared the chocolate souffle, which was pretty big.  Once they brought it out, the server sliced a hole in the middle and poured whipped cream inside and placed a spoonful of nutella on top.  It was delicous! We finished it all in less than 3 minutes.  You would think that would be the last course to end the night, but nope! They offered us a plate of mini desserts - marshmallow, meringue, lemon tart, and jelly - on the house.  Of course, the price for the dinner was outrageously expensive, but that's a given when you're eating at a steakhouse in Vegas. I thought it was worth it, and you should too. Tip: the restaurant is located inside the Shops at the Palazzo.
4	Great modern steakhouse. It feels chic and not like a traditional steakhouse but it does't lose focus on what makes a great steakhouse great -- the steak!The parmesan bread sticks are amazing (free). The dry aged NY sirloin is excellent and they cooked it perfectly medium rare -- highly recommend it. They got the perfect sear on top too. They don't have real Kobe beef here but the wagyu they did serve was quite flavorful. The cream spinach was great though portion was pretty small. The tempura onion rings were okay. You won't leave hungry here at least.They do a great job with the overall experience though. They come out and show you the top cuts of meat and explain it to you. They also do a great job pouring the bottle and decanting it while explaining what to look for. The ipad drinks menu was a little weird cause it was so bright compared to the rest of the place and menus. I think it was a great spot. Not exactly cheap but that's what you expect at a steakhouse.
2	To start off the night we came here to Cut to try their Wagyu steak and compare it to a few other steak houses. First impression of this location was a great ambiance. My boyfriend and I were helped by Carlos and Ivan. They were really polite and attentive. The best thing that we had was the Parmesan bread sticks mind that we did order a wagyu ribeye steak that was over cooked and WAY to salty. Along with our steak we ordered the wild mushrooms and Brussel sprouts that were also way over cooked and seasoned. They did do a few things right which includes their cocktail drinks, service, bread, and blue crab appetizer. I don't think we will be coming back to this location due to poor quality of food.
4	Food- 4/5 Excellent for the high end steak. Decent for the mid level steak.Value- 4/5 Not quite a good value. The appetizers are very small portionsAmbiance- 5/5 Love the ambiance. Modernized design on a traditional steakhouseService- 5/5 Outstanding service. Great presentation and explanations of everythingDISHES TASTEDSteak Sashimi with Truffle- 5/5 Stellar. Definitely the best dish of the house. The flavors blended perfectly together and the sashimi melted in your mouthIllinois Rib Eye- 3/5 Cooked well. Not particularly impressed with the flavor of the steakNebraska NY sirloin- 4/5 Cooked very well. Perfect sear and good flavorJapanese Wagyu from Saga Prefecture, Kyushu Japan- 5/5 true wagyu style beef. Exceptionally marbled ... almost a bit too much marbling but it was exceptionally flavorful. Cooked perfectlyCreamed Spinach- 4/5 Interesting flavor with the eggCavatappi Pasta "Mac & Cheese- 5/5 Pasta was cooked perfectly and the cheese was delicious
5	Another awesome experience at one of my favorite steak houses.  The service is always excellent and the food is unbelievable..
5	I am going to give 5 stars but with two disclaimers.I called the morning of our reservation to ask the market price of the lobster, and the hostess said the lobster wouldn't be on the menu.  When we arrived, we were taken to a table by the service entrance which was very frenetic with constant traffic, despite multiple open tables that were still open when we left  If you make reservations, ask for a booth in the back area.The bread was amazing, multiple choices, and fantastic flavor.  I did have the lobster which WAS on the menu, and it was fantastic.  The waiter removed the shell for me which was awesome.  My husband had the Nebraska Rib Eye and said it was the best steak he ever had.  We had the brussel sprout side dish which was fantastic.The music was largely techno, and very loud and annoyingBut for the great steak and lobster, have to give it a 5.
5	The steak was amazing!! I remember when I went with my friends, all girls were share the food but I ordered for myself as I love steak lol the cut is one of my favorite restaurant for steak house. The foods are delicious. The restaurant was pretty cozy and elegant. I definitely will come back soon :)
4	Ate here the other night and thought it was great!  What really made this place special was the impeccable service that we received.  Not once did we NEED anything.  Drop your napkin on the floor?  Fresh one is supplied before you even notice it was missing.  Make a mess on the table, someone comes and cleans it up.The food was delicious, but my eyes were bigger than my stomach.  My table got 2 appetizers, 2 steaks, and 2 sides, split one dessert.Appetizers were just large enough -- but sort of filled us up.  The mac n cheese side was delicious, but huge.  I think that it could have comfortably served 4 (as a side).Next time I am in town, (and can afford the extravagant prices) I am definitely going back.  Yes it was expensive, but MORE than worth it.  There wasn't a single thing that we didn't like.
5	Just dined here this evening with a group of foodies. I was left without words. Best steak I've had in my life. Period. From entering this fine dining establishment to leaving after paying a generous tip, Cut Las Vegas delivered every aspect of a modern steakhouse to a 100% level. Fantastic service and impeccable food. A medium rare grass fed dry aged piece of meat has never tasted so good. I would post a photo but all you would see is an empty plate. Yelp pointer - try their sides. Add bone marrow to your steak. Enjoy a glass of red wine. Appreciate life's beauty with great company and amazing food.
5	The hubby and I are thoroughly enjoying CUT in the Venetian/Palazzo hotel. The service is excellent. The house apple salad was superb. I had the 3 beef sampler with the Japanese Wagyu, American Wagyu, and the regular aged beef. I enjoyed all three. The Japanese wagyu was like butter, but the American Wagyu was my fav. Full of flavor and tenderness. A very nice blend of American beef with Japanese Wagyu.  I highly recommend you try this place.  Also the Mac And cheese was great (I'm not a Mac and cheese kind of girl)!!!Very, very please-Dr. A
5	Definitely the BEST steak I've ever had, ever.  The U.S. Wagyu Rib Eye that I had (done medium) was juicy and super flavorful. Ordered 2 sauces but didn't end up needing them as the steak was fantastic on its own. Took the additional caramelized onion topping and it went very well with the steak. Highly recommended - I am definitely returning.!!
4	Definitely worth a visit. And no, it's not one of those places that are overhyped. Had the Maryland blue crab and Carolina shrimp for starter- crab was fresh and sweet, texture of the firm shrimps combined with the soft avocado was well balanced and the horseradish added just the right amount of punch to the sea flavors. I like my meat with more flavor and some texture rather than totally melt-in-your-mouth , so I decided to go with the U.S (instead of Japanese) wagyu filet mignon. This was tender and flavorful for a filet mignon. I asked for medium and it was cooked to perfection - well seared on the outside and beautifully charred which gave it that smoky flavor and pink in the middle with the juice retained. Creamed spinach was slightly weak in flavor for my liking but Mac-n-cheese was great. We paired the meat with a Darioush signature range cab sav- good amount of depth but still easy to drink and fairly affordable.
4	Best steak I've ever had! Crab appetizer, Mac n cheese, and the bread were all great too. Service was also excellent.
3	I was underwhelmed by CUT and so were others in my party of 6.  Had better experiences in other steakhouses in Vegas.
5	If you are steak lover and visiting Las Vegas you must give this place a try. I had the honor of dining here with several friends. Wow! What more can you ask for as a steak lover. I have to say you are going to be paying a lot for your meat. It's worth it all the way. I used to be big fan of Mastor's until I came here. Hands down the best steak money can buy.If you are a person who loves great meat and outstanding dishes. What more can you ask for as a steak lover.  It's worth it all the way. I used to be big fan of Mastor's until I came here. If you are from NY and love Keens Steakhouse in Manhattan then you need to long no place else.I highly recommend the bone in filet to the 8 ounce Kobe steak. If you are looking for great starters I would get pink Fiji peach salad or the butter lettuce. For side dished I would highly creamed spinach and roasted Brussels sprouts. Leave room for desert. The banana cream pie or the baked Alaska pear.Service 10+Quality 10+
5	CUT is a cut above the rest.  Definitely one of the best steakhouses on the strip.  Can be a bit pricey if you want to dabble into some of the higher end cuts of meats, like the Wagyu, but if you do you will not be disappointed.The decor and service is top of the line as are the steaks.  I have had better apps and sides at some restaurants in Vegas, but the American Wagyu I had was phenomenal. Also, if you are a chocolate fan... the souffle is the best I have ever had.  Absolutely amazing.  If you are in town and willing to spend a little bit, you need to come to CUT.
4	Was not the best steak I've ever had in my life but hey it's Vegas...everything is overpriced but this is one of the restaurants on my bucket list and I had to hit it up. My bill was under $200 for a couple steaks and a couple glasses of wine. I would probably be returning here again
5	From the focaccia and pretzel bread to the finely seasoned New York sirloin, Cut exceeded my expectations. Chip, along with several others provided attentive service.  Do not leave without tasting the Mac and cheese!  Cut is definitely a place to eat when you want fine dining in Vegas.
5	Amazing steak house. Had one of the best ribeye steaks (with an egg on it). The short rib (cooked with garam masala), wagyu sashimi are amazing.
5	Came here for the first time on Christmas evening. Erin was our server and did an amazing job. I normally stay away from overpriced pretentious steakhouses but I heard good things and they did not disappoint. Wagyu sashimi is a must! All of our steaks were American wagyu. We didn't spring for then Japanese Yaqui but were still very pleased with the filet and 34oz porterhouse for 2. Erin did a great job explaining the menu and guiding us in the right direction.
4	Read the reviews and ordered the porterhouse for two with a side of bone marrow...WOW..was the marrow rich..I think we drank an extra bottle of wine because of that.The porterhouse rare..was perfect..cold center and melt in your mouth tender.The wild mushrooms sides was delicious.
5	The food was great, as always.  The steak was to die for and the sauce was out if this world. The dessert was new, a lemon tart with all kinds if good stuff with it. But what makes this the best is the staff. The hostess to the staff to the manager they are the most professional,  friendly, and just all around nice people
5	My wife and I celebrated my 60th birthday at CUT on New Year's Eve. It was without a doubt one of the best meals and restaurant experiences that we have ever had. The service was impeccable from the moment we walked in their door. We stared with a couple of cocktails. My wife had the Monroe's Passion (which is an incredible drink) and I had a 30 year old single barrel bourbon Manhattan (which was the best Manhattan that I have ever had), We had an incredible appetizer (Langostino w/Cavier) and chose the 32 oz. USDA Prime Porterhouse for two, It was the BEST steak we have ever had. It was grilled to medium rare perfection and the attention to the correct amount of seasoning was spot on. We also had their Creamed Spinach with Fried Organic Egg that was a perfect side dish for the steak. We had expert assistance from the CUT sommelier Christine Barr in picking out a great bottle of French Bordeaux red wine. For dessert my wife had the Baked Alaska and I had a special dessert for the evening which was a Gold Sugar Sphere. If you ever have the opportunity to have dinner at CUT in the Palazzo Hotel while you are in Las Vegas, do it without hesitation. There is a reason why Wolfgang Puck is such a respected chef and business person. He is one of the pioneers of his field and he is certainly one of the best. The next time we are in Las Vegas we will go back to CUT for sure!
4	Wolfgang Puck's take on steak is presented in the Palazzo. The steak is excellent as is the ambiance. Celebrated a friend's birthday here and the food was great. Got a tour of the kitchen at the end of the meal just to see how everything was prepared. Service was great. Definitely would come back but it is expensive. The sauces and add-ons for the steak were inventive and tasty. You can let your imagination run wild or savor the taste of perfectly cooked steak.
4	The creme de la creme of steakhouses.A group of friends and I had an open Sunday, so we decided why not do a fancy dinner. CUT was our pick. Seating was a breeze. Made reservations on OpenTable and got seated at a large round table in the back when we arrived. It was like our own little area. It's difficult not to leave impressed. The waiters and waitresses are amazing here. SO attentive. They offered a variety of complimentary breads on a tray and we were able to select as little or as many as we wanted. Get the focaccia for sure. That was the favorite among the table.I can only speak for what I personally ordered... The U.S.D.A. Prime Rib Eye Steak 12 oz ($59). It was delicious!! Cooked to perfection with a fine crust to give it that extra texture but, be warned, there's tons of fat. On the plus side, fat equals flavor! You can also choose from a list of sauces to compliment your meats. I got to try their Armagnac and Green Peppercorn as well as the Spicy Red Chimichurri ($2 each). Both tasted great with the rib eye. One was enough for 2-3 people. I had a ton left over.All the meats are served a la carte. The table got a double order of Mac & Cheese ($19) and it was TO DIE FOR! So glad we got a double. We also shared an order of their Creamed Spinach ($12) and Wild Field Mushrooms ($22), which were just alright to me. One order for seven people left everyone with only a couple bites of each side. You can see in the attached pictures.Wolfgang Puck knows how to do fine-dining well. The atmosphere is elegant and perfect for celebrations or a nice date. Just wished it didn't dent the wallet so much. I always cringe a little when I see that four $$$$ sign, but you're paying for quality I suppose!
5	Had an evening out with my girl friend and ordered the 34 oz porterhouse with a side order and wine. The dinner was perfect the service was exceptional which made the visit a memorable one. I highly recommend this restaurant if you are willing to spend a little more then usual.
