5	seemed like a new store, as soon as i stepped in i saw a huge selections on wigs and hair extensions!they had very professional staffs and were very helpful,i have purchased high quality hair extensions that theyrecommended and i just love the quality of it. i have done some research on pricing before i went, now i know i havefound the best hair place in vegas!
5	biggest selection and best i've seen in vegas !! the staff is friendly and very knowledgable. they knew exactly what i wanted. the prices here are cheaper too!!
5	This is for my experience when shopping and the selection. Wow! Warehouse style shopping!  omg! There was just so much to see! The family running this place all took turns helping me pick out some quality keritan tip extensions. The price was right on! 135$ for 20 inches! Score! I love the location it's super close to my house! I'd say ditch canyon falls or repunzal hair stores and go here! You won't leave disappointed or empty handed!
3	This place has an amazing selection and cheaper prices on hair than Hair Plus BUT I would recommend Hair Plus over this place because of the ambiance, customer service and free samples. This place feels like I'm shopping at Costco. I did not like the feel of this place at all. The guy didn't ask me if I needed help, he just told me that I was looking at braiding hair, as if I didn't know. He didn't offer to help me which was odd. I then had to hunt him down and ask him where stuff was. I asked him if he had cheaper braiding hair when I was checking out and instead of showing me where he points me in the direction! I didn't have to do that at Hair Plus, the lady walked with me to show me what I was looking for. Then when I asked for samples the lady did not give me any but instead pointed me to the overpriced ones. I did not ask for those samples I asked for the ones you should be giving to your customers. The companies provide those to the suppliers specifically for that. If I wanted to buy a sample I would have asked for those!I got the feeling that certain customers get better service so maybe I got the bad end of the stick. I had a much better customer service experience there and so they will get the majority of my business.
5	I just have to say that I'm in love with this place! it's a family owned business and they are super friendly! As soon as I walked in, everyone made me feel welcomed and they were very knowledgeable about there products. Chloe did a great job on my hair and everyone was so helpful! they have a huge selection of products. I will never go any where else for hair supplies!!! I live 15-20 minutes away and don't mind taking the trip there because they make me feel wonderful when i leave and they are a true representation of phenomenal customer service! :)
5	I just have to say that I'm in love with this place! it's a family owned business and they are super friendly! As soon as I walked in, everyone made me feel welcomed and they were very knowledgeable about there products. Chloe did a great job on my hair and everyone was so helpful! they have a huge selection of products. I will never go any where else for hair supplies!!! I live 15-20 minutes away and don't mind taking the trip there because they make me feel wonderful when i leave and they are a true representation of phenomenal customer service! :)
5	Chloe is so helpful and friendly! She provided unbiased, honest advice in buying extensions. Her charisma is contagious and highly enticing. She is also gorgeous
5	Best prices, great honest opinions, awesome service, simply the best beauty supply and salon!
5	Great experience , lots of products and great selection , met the owners daughter . She's really great and knows her product . Love my new extentions that I got very natural and blends in with my hair ! They opened a new store on eastern , very close to my house . I will be going back again (: wayyyyyy better than Sally's hands down
1	If I could zero stars for my experience, I would. I was casually looking at their wig selection when I had to practically beg for the attention of the woman I assumed to be the owner. She was brushing a wig's hair and rudely answered my question I had about the price of a wig. My friend then proceeded to ask another question and she snapped again. My friend decided that was enough and said let's go. I let the owner know she has the worst customer service and she proceeded to cuss at me and told me to "get the fuck out of her store!" Oh wow, first off all their wigs are cheap and nappy, their price points are all wrong, and their customer service will scare all their business away. I am sick of having to deal with the Asian ethnicity when buying my hair. They don't wear, know, or care about their products. I am appalled.
3	Nice place, huge selection.  Nice people.  Onr th8ng they need is a PRIVATE place to to try on the wigs. Thanks guys.
4	So I was heading to the other 2 beauty supply stores on this street, and Just so happened to see this from the street.  So I decided the hit the next entry way in that parking lot.  It kinda just looked more like a wig shop/ beauty salon from the outside.  When I go in these places, I don't want to be bothered, I just want to look around, so I turn up my music, and put in my head phones in my ears, and sing!  lol.  I just want to walk around and look.  When I need help, I will find you.  So Yea!  they had all kinds of wigs, and braiding hair, sew in hair supplies, earrings, necklaces, ect.  So I wanted some twist and lock hair.  I kinda had in mind what I wanted.  I've watch zillions of you tube videos on all kinds of brands, but I hate ordering hair!  So as I'm walking around looking at all this fabulous stuff, I got excited when I found Nubian Twisting hair!   I was in heaven!   But I didn't purchase it right then!  I went to the other 2 beauty supply stores on this street, to see if they had that same hair.  They didn't so, I went back and purchased it. Come to find out, as I was talking to the cashier, they've been open for 1 yr.  She said they advertised on the radio and everything.  Service was good, she was nice, I was also looking for some glitter eyeshadow.  They didn't have what I was looking for.  She really came out and was helping me look.  I will always hit this spot when I go shopping for supplies!  Whooo Whoo!  3 on 1 streetP.S.  Not any fault of the store, but I HATE THIS HAIR!
4	My shopping experience was good, the staff were helpful and knowledgable about the wigs and care of them. The wig selection was good and I found what I needed, so I'm happy. The store was clean, open, and I felt as if I could shop in peace. I would shop here again.
