5	This stadium has been a long time coming and I'm sooooo excited to have tickets for opening day (and after I'll update my review...hoping that it lives up to the 5-star rating I'm giving it).We stopped by on Saturday afternoon to buy tickets for the February 27th game against the Dbacks. The facility was open for people to walk around and check it out, but a lot was roped off once inside. The stadium is beautiful!! It seats 15,000. The lawn section is huge (where we always sit for Spring Training) games, and it looks like concessions will be easily accessible out there.I'm curious to see how the parking situation is going to work. I imagine a lot of traffic...Only downside (but not worthy of deducting a star)...no beer shelves above the toilets. :(
5	Took a tour today of the Cubs Park in Mesa.  The whole complex is very interesting.  This will be a good ballpark when it finally opens.
5	What an awesome opening day! Weather perfect and kids are happily running to and fro....This place is huge! Fun for all and all for fun. The baseball stadium is very large and it does have that distinct Chicago feel. But, I must point out, the children love that giant Christmas tree climbing structure. It reminded me of living ornaments terrified and ecstatic all at once. Boy oh boy, I got some excellent photos today. Also, we were  glad we got there early- because the line to get in after we left was stretched back all the way to the freeway off ramp. So in conclusion, we will definitely be back- maybe even this evening!
4	All you midwesterners will love the stadium. It's pretty big and definitely has much better parking than Hohokam.  Those who have actual seats will be able to enjoy the game without sun beating down on you the whole time. All the seats were pretty well covered by shade by 2pm. Good news since most of the games are at 1pm. Bad news for those who enjoy lawn seats. If you're planning on sitting in the lawn, be warned you will be in direct sunlight the whole game. So bring a hat and plenty of sunscreen. The party deck also gets a ton of sun as well and is pretty far from any of the field action. For those familiar with Wrigley, it's the quivalent of sitting in the rooftop seats. The outside of the field is also very nice! Nice of fun places for kids to run around. I heard there was a splash pad but never actually saw it. Looking forward to coming back for an actual game soon!
4	Excellent outdoor space and great kids space...
5	I took my kids here last weekend the day it opened and can I say this is the best park I've been to in awhile. It had everything and more, they had such a great time. One thing I loved is how they have so much to do their and the two different playgrounds for ages of kids, it was really cool for the climbing web that goes around and the 30ft tower. Before leaving we ran up hills and went to the water fountain that was beautiful and put on a show. Kids got their face painted and ballon animals.
4	The only reason I am not giving five stars is that there is no Old Style. Seriously, I'm not even a Cubs fan, but where the hell is the Old Style. Beautiful ballpark. Another feather in the cap of the Cactus League. Cubs are vital to the success and future if the Cactus League. Glad to see them stay. Did I mention there is no Old Style in the ballpark?
4	Great place....... EXCEPT........only Bud products. They really need to get Old Style & Miller products too.
5	Went to the Cubs game today vs. The Royals.  Great stadium!  Close to the field and easy to get into/out of parking and back on the 101.The vendors were good--had an authentic Chicago dog.Nice park in a good location....if only the team would start winning.  Oh well, at least the stadium is nice.
3	So the stadium itself is pretty nice.  Especially for a spring training facility that is used for about 2 months out of the year.  Nice views of the game, everything was shiny and new.  Some Cubs stars from the past were out and about too.  Why three stars?  -  Seats seemed VERY cramped, and no, I'm not a big guy.- Parking situation was RIDICULOUS.  Wound up parking super far and paying $7 for it.  Worse than the parking situation at the real Wrigley.  Yes, worse.   I've learned that AZ doesn't handle crowds well.- Giordano's pizza was advertised all over the stadium, yet there was none to be found.  Their "Chicago style hot dog" was a pretty lame attempt as well.  Why not join forces with Portillo's?
4	Jack Norworth wrote be best sports related song in 1908, coincidentally it was the year the Cub's won their last World Series Championship.  Does anyone remember the "The Baseball Polka"...no just like the 1907 World Series Championship.Take me out to the ball gameTake me out with the crowdBuy me some peanuts and CrackerjackI don't care if I never get backLet me root...root...rootFor the Cubbies(remix version)If they don't win it's a shameFor it's one...two...three strikes you're outAt the old ball gameSpring training facilities in the last few years in the metro Phoenix area have put out a few new stadiums and none topped the Salt River Fields (Rockies & Diamondbacks) until Cub's Park.  This park has so much seating which is great when you compare it to Hohokam Stadium.  Parking is so much better!  Oh yeah, they have tons of bathrooms.  I was lucky enough to get a ticket to open day which was also the opening of the park.  I snapped a few photos that are attached to this review.  The stadium is beautiful.  It does have many cues that remind you of Wrigley Field.  If there is one thing that I could tell Tom Ricketts to add to this park, it would be adding a vinyl wrap that looks like a brick wall in the outfield around the advertisement to emulate Wrigley's outfield wall.Food and Beer, check.  The thing that stood out, no pizza sold inside the park.  My apologies if I missed it.  Most people are pointing out that there is no Old Style sold.   I can go a few hours without to watch a game here.  The food is just the normal stuff you will find at most spring training stadiums.  The one feature that I find way cool is that you will find three food trucks parked on the right field side next to the Dos Gringos tent along with some picnic tables, nice touch!  Chicago deep dish pizza places take note, you could make a killing by just investing in a food truck and getting a spot here!If you choose to buy a general admission ticket, there are many great views that are standing room if you do not want to tan yourself in the outfield.  Let me say again, tons of seating.  The things that are works in progress are minimal and not worth mentioning and know the Cub's have a winner here.  I hope they use this park for fall ball too.
2	No public WiFi, and wireless broadband service is terrible. I usually don't care about this at a ballgame, but during a weather delay it was frustrating.
4	Killer park to watch a ballgame or hang with friends/family for a fun day. Need to fix the parking situation and improve the bathrooms. Yo Yo
4	Wow! It's a mini Wrigley Field!! Loving this!!5 stars for the ambiance and seating. There really isn't a bad seat in the house. And they serve Giordanos deep dish at the stadium! It was like being at a home game. The crowd was awesome. 3 stars for parking. I'm a stickler for organization. How hard is it to regulate the parking situation? Why aren't there signs posted telling you the lot you've parked in? (Yes I'm one of those people that must write down the letter, number or animal section because I will forgot. Sigh. I can never remember where I leave my car.). Overall, I was very impressed to have a taste of Chicago while visiting Phoenix. Good times. Sadly the Cubs lost, but then again I'm used to them losing ;)
3	I've gone to 2 games here this week and 1 game at Salt River Fields.  I'm a Cubs fan and always have been.  The best I can say about this place though is that it is just OK.  The seating is cramped.. The lawn seating is not so spacious.  The prices for food/beer are outrageous.  I had the "Ultimate Chicago Dog" on my first trip for $8.00.  Which was a hot dog with ketchup, mustard, onions, and a big pickle slice.  Yep.. Coulda just spent $4.50 for a regular hot dog and put ketchup, mustard, onions, and relish on it for the same thing.  I'd recommend hitting the food trucks they have.. 2nd game I went to I had the Iowa breaded pork tenderloin sandwich with waffle fries for $10.  Way more food and way better quality.   Cheapest beer was $7 from what I could tell.  Old Style is not sold everywhere.. though if you look around, you can find it.  It is a shiny new ballpark.. Though as stated before it is a big cramped.. Seats are small.. Big crowds, etc.  Parking wasn't really an issue for me.. I got in and out pretty quickly for the most part.  The only problem was finding the car after the games.  There is no indicator to note where you parked so we did end up wondering around the parking lot searching for a while after one of the games.  Overall, its a nice setting.. its the Cubs after all.. I like the food truck idea.  Not really impressed with the size of the place/seats, etc.. or the prices.
4	Cute park, lots of shade.  Forget the parking lot....get a free rewards card at casino Arizona and take the FREE shuttle thru the traffic and get dropped off at the gate.  Easy in, easy out.  They need to make a better space for buses to pick up and drop off, but it beats the heck out of the traffic jam around the stadium.
4	I came here for a spring training game and it was rained out even though the rain had stopped and the sun was shining!  Apparently that made it "unplayable" conditions, boo Cubs, stop being such babies!  Anyway, at least everyone got a rain check on their ticket.I can't rate the parking, since I took the free shuttle from Tempe Marketplace.  I have to say, that was a pretty convenient option.We had tickets in the reserved upper deck for a corporate party and the food was pretty decent.  They served one of the best brownies I've ever had!  Burgers and hot dogs were the standard stuff.But overall this place gets 4 stars since it's cool that Cubs fans have this place to watch games at.
5	Beautiful, new park. Reminding us of Wrigley field. Take a free trolley ride and definitely go. Favorite part of our Arizona trip from Chicago was seeing Spring Training. I would recommend lawn seating, cheaper seats, and lots of space.
3	Here's the thing: yep, it's new and clean and lacks all of the nastiness of Wrigley, HOWEVER- make 100% sure you have ticketed seats (not lawn or the Eighteen |76 club) because there aren't any visible scoreboards!!! There's one tiny board listing inning & score visible from anywhere in the outfield. Also, if you do have Eighteen | 76 tickets, get there early to claim seats, or perish in the blazing sun. ;)
4	This was probably my favorite stadium because they had the most choices for food and beer. Still not much compared to the parks in Florida, but decent. There were food trucks parked inside the stadium so we were able to get Fry Bread and Iowa Pork Tenderloins instead of just hot dogs or whatever. Beers were from Goose Island as well as the typical "Lite" stuff. These seats have cupholders, unlike the seats at the Sox field, but they seemed a bit more cramped together. This game was at capacity or nearly so, but we still didn't really have an issue with parking or leaving. The Cubs trolley was parked outside and kids were climbing all over it, and there was also a wiffle ball area where kids were playing. Picnic tables shaded by an orange grove...the air smelled SO good because of those blossoms! I was glad I got to eat my food at a shaded table instead of while standing or cramped in my seat. Nice touch! Fans here get really into the game. I was one of only about a dozen Indians fans I saw. A lady told me "the tours from Cleveland don't leave until next week" by way of explanation. By the way, the Indians beat the Cubs. GO TRIBE!
3	Here's the deal on the new stadium. The parking situation has improved dramatically from their former location. There are people directing traffic and parking is $7 bucks. There are a lot of great food and beverage options at this park. I had the beef & sausage combo with giardineria without the bread falling apart. Definitely a five star meal. They have food trucks located within the park grounds which you have access to during the game. The Dos Gringos watering hole is in the shade and is awesome when the Cubs are getting spanked 11-0. Drown those sorrows, there's always next year.Seating in the stands is like sitting in the middle seat on an airplane. These seats seem to be smaller than Wrigley Field and not as much leg room. The guy next to me was wondering where he could pay the extra $10 bucks to get more headroom. There was a spinner in front of me that didn't seem to have a problem fitting in her seat, but she was obviously in the minority. I could only take about 3 innings before I had to get out and walk around. The next time I go to this stadium I'll sit on the lawn.Also, the sound system is poor when you are in the stands. You can't hear anything. It's okay when you are in the outfield. I guess the funniest thing I saw was this guy using his binoculars to read the menu when he was 5 feet away from the counter. Yes - the menu writing is really small. I have better than 20-20 vision and I can't read it until I get to the counter.
5	Of all the parks in the Cactus League, Cubs Park comes closest to replicating the experience of a regular season MLB game.  4.5 stars.PARKING: The stadium is easily accessible, located just off the 101 and 202 freeways.  We came early for a Sunday game and had no problem driving down Rio Salado to the parking lot where it cost $7 to park on the grass to the east of the stadium.  There was plenty tailgating and a palm tree lined path from the lot to the stadium.TRAINING:The Cubs main practice field is just to the west of the stadium.  Here you can watch the Cubs take BP and work on drills.  There's a short grass berm on the first base side and a few low bleachers.  Unfortunately, you're separated from the field by a chain link fence.  Some of the players and coaches will be close enough to chat with and there's a lot less competition to get a foul ball or one tossed over the fence than there is at a real game.Before heading to the game, all the players have to go down a dirt path from the gate of the training facilities to a door on the third base side of the stadium.  While some players walk, most of the starters will ride golf carts before being dropped off near the stadium door where they are met by autograph seekers behind metal barriers.  Come early, bring your little kid, and you can get lots of autographs although none of the big name players were signing on the day we went.STADIUM:Cubs Park offers lots of homages to Wrigley Field and Cubs history with the exterior painted brick red and green, and light towers that echo those found at Wrigley.  The walls on the first base side feature all the Cubs historical logos and oversized baseball cards of current Cubs players.  Inside the stadium - near the right field corner - is the large team store and a replica of the red sign found on Wrigley's exterior.  The sign makes for a great photo op.  The video screen in left field is framed in green and topped with an analog clock just like the one Wrigley has in center field.EXPERIENCE:Cubs games on the weekend are totally packed with young people as well as retirees who are all guzzling beer and escaping the cold Midwest.  It's a fun loving crowd that may not be the most baseball savvy ("Who's that ... what just happened?"), but they happily cheer on their Cubbies.SEATING:Unlike some of the other Cactus League stadia where finding a seat in the shade is almost impossible (Camelback Ranch), Cubs Park offers a ton of shade throughout the stadium.  There are cup holders for each seat, which can make it tight as people walk in front of you to/from their seats.  The seating bowl isn't very steep, so if you're short it can be tough to see past the people in front of you.  If you want some sun, the lawns are for you with easy access to bathrooms and concessions, but make sure to get to the park early so you can get a good spot.  The walkways are plenty wide so you don't feel like you're walking through rush hour traffic.FOOD & DRINK:The concessions options are wide and varied with everything from dogs to steak sandwiches to noodle bowls.  I opted for the Wrigleyville dog, which was a hot dog covered with pulled pork, BBQ sauce, crunchy onion rings, and sport peppers.  It was tasty and filling.  The concession stands use TV monitors to show what's on the menu and the size of the printing on the screens is way too small for people who are waiting in a line 10 people deep to be able to actually see any of the details.The problem is that Old Style is in short supply here.  The roaming vendors only sell Bud products while a greater selection can be found at the stands.  I circled the stadium and found only one beer stand that had Old Style - near the right field corner.  If you want more of a bar experience make sure to head to Dos Gringos in right field above the lawn.  It's full of young folks who presumably are there to mingle and have no interest in the game itself.RIVERVIEW PARK:Cubs Park is technically part of Riverview Park which is adjacent to the main parking lot and east of the stadium.  It features giant climbing towers, water features, and a fishing lake.  It could be a great place for kids before or after the game.
4	I have to say the getting there is awful!!! I mean 45 minutes to go less than a mile-- no one is here directing traffic, not sure why???The worst hoy dog of my life-- cold and no snap to it! Nothing like a true Chicago Dog! The beer was pricy but cold- seats were awesome but again $$$. Guess someone has to pay for this gorgeous stadium-Yes, I'll b back but will eat ahead of time !!
5	I loved Cubs Park! It was like a little Wrigley Field, even tho it's been updated by about 100 years.The parking situation wasn't the best for the huge crowd they had, but we parked over at the shopping plaza by the Bass Pro Shop and it was fine. It was only about a 20 minute drive, so not too shabby.I wasn't terribly impressed by the food options, but what we did have was good.Most of the seats were in shade the whole time, and you really can't complain about that!
4	I was happy to be able to come to Cubs Park in its inaugural season.  Having only gone to Wrigley for the first time last year, I loved seeing all the little details they put into the park to make it a little Wrigley.  Walking in I see Sheffield Ave!  As I enter into the right field gate I am greeted by the signature red Wrigley sign welcoming me in!  The whole look and feel of green seating areas and the press box, made it feel like a 100 year old icon, that is all shiny and new. Happily, their are lots of things to love here from the mass amounts of shades, to the italian beefs on the menus to the food trucks parked outside the outfield (supposedly you can get a deep dish slice of Giorando's at their truck if they happen to be there that day - they weren't the day I went).  Oh and the bathrooms are clean and new (I still have nightmares about Wrigley bathrooms).  Now, what keeps me from giving it 5 stars are two small negatives.  1) Because the Cubbies are so popular and packing them in they wanted all those fans to get a seat so they scarified spacious seating for more seats.  While the seats are wide enough, your knees will be tickling the seat in front of you.  You will have to squeeze in past people to your seats if you need to get out during play.  This to me was super annoying for a new park. 2) Parking is a bit of a nightmare.  Traffic jams and $7 parking on a grass lot will great you.  The only saving grace here is there is a huge shopping center across he street that has plenty of free parking if you are willing to walk.  And the traffic? Well all I got to say is get there early and pack patience!  Cubbies fans are breaking Spring Training records in the Cactus League.  It is a fun park and should be on your must list!
5	My cousin dragged me down to Mesa for a game. I really didn't want to go, didn't want to drive all the way to Mesa. So we strolled down to Cubs park for a game with the Dodgers, only reason why I went. Now the parking wasn't that bad, parking is cash only. Even though it was posted on all the signs, it still took us to find out when we tried to give the parking attendant a credit card.  So after we waited in line we found a near by bank to get some cash. But decided to park our truck there instead. Walk wasn't that bad, they also have bike carriages and shuttle to get you there sooner. We entered at the center field entrance, noticed a lot of Chicago influence(as expected). I really thought it was cool that some of their advertisement wasn't local, it was actually from Chicago. This park was awesome, one of my favorite spring training parks I have visited. Seating is great all the way around, they have the roof top seating. Trying to bring the Wrigley Field flavor, nothing wrong with that. And they have the grass seating! They have a lot going on, and a lot of food options. And BEER! This is a great park, and want to go back again.
5	Wrigley West! You bet. I was a bit sad to see the old Mesa stadium be put to rest. So may memories. This new stadium is a refreshing change of pace. Well designed, clean and fun. I was SO happy to see Island Noodles back, too (cash only btw). Great lawn seats. Hilarious billboard of Portillo's hot dogs. Too bad they don't actually sell it there. Now that would be even more awesome. Parking was a little tricky getting into park off 101 S at Rio Salado. Even worse getting out of park exiting on back side. If you are from Chicago, then drive like it. As we do every year, we will be back for more spring training. Go Cubs!
5	I worked at Hohokam for spring training a couple years back. The stadium has a lot of history, but the Cubs definitely were due for an upgrade. This ballpark is beautiful.Pros:- Ample parking ($10)- Affordable tickets- Shade! Hallelujah!- Rotating food trucks mmmmm- Wrigley-like sign that you can add scrolling text to and take pictures with it for free- Lots of lawn space- It has distinct similarities to Wrigley- Across the street from a bunch of restaurants, bars- Dos Gringos barCons:- I can't really think of any to be honestLove, love, love this park. Look forward to going back to games here in the future. Nice work Cubs, nice work.
5	Wrigley in Az. Well I've never been to Wrigley field before but I did go to Cubs Park with a bunch of Cubs fans. They all seemed to love the similarities with the parks and really enjoyed the stadium. I also did, we had outfield tickets and they were great! We were at a game with the temp at 85degrees and even living in this city for the majority if my life, I was getting hot! So I walked around a lot to get some shade. I really liked this park, it had lots of food venders and bathrooms. I couldn't believe I was at a spring training game.lol.  A complete sell out and it was packed!  The best thing about the park was a cage area where I saw 4-5 gourmet food trucks! Talk about options.  Also don't forget to grab a drink at the Salty's tent too. Overall we had a blast. Get here early to park in the grass and enjoy a tailgate. Parking was $7 but it's now looking you can park near Dobson and feel free to walk to the park. I only make 1-2 spring training games per year because I'd still rather catch a Dbacks game at Chase Field, but I'll make this a yealy tradition to share some good times at Cubs Park!
4	If you are a Cubs fan, you will love this place. They have two shops dedicated to selling logo gear (caps, t-shirts, etc) and they also have huge red "Cubs Park" sign (looks just like the one from Wrigley) that you can take a picture in front of. I'm not a Cubs fan or even a baseball fan in general but I went here for a game yesterday and I have to say the place was pretty nice. Everything was great except the parking and traffic flow before and after the game. But from the other reviews it sounds like it is better than it was a couple weeks ago so I won't spend a lot of time complaining about that; at least they are working on it.I also agree with the other reviewers that the main food stalls were the same old overpriced gross nachos and hot dogs but to my surprise they also had an area (near the main entrance, to the left) with food trucks and picnic tables. How awesome is that!?! We got some sliders that were delicious (though small) and also a fried mac and cheese ball. Yes, you read that correctly: it was mac and cheese rolled into a ball and coated with breadcrumbs and then deep fried. Wow! Man, that was good but if you eat more than one you would probably die on the spot from a heart attack. I also love the fact that they had a selection of Mexican beers in addition to the usual domestics. Oh, yeah, and they also sell Island Noodles. Yum!I would probably come back for a game but next time I'll be smart, come early, and park across the street in the Riverview shopping center instead of spending 45 minutes sitting in bumper to bumper traffic on Rio Salado trying to get into the parking lot. Minus one star for that nonsense.
3	Poor PA system and announcer, need more scoreboards, outrageous pricing for food and drinks, looks nothing like Wrigley, lousy seating section identification.Otherwise nice.No parking lot identification markers, easy to lose one's vehicle.Stay out of right field sun seats--scorchers.Die Hard Cub Fan since 1946.
4	I live across the street so it was pretty necessary that I go to a game before Spring Training ended. Roommate and I went to the game yesterday and I do have to agree with others that we were very glad that we didn't have to deal with traffic. It looked like a nightmare and I'm surprised that that was the best they could do with the game day parking situation. The Proem staff and vendors that I encountered throughout the evening were very friendly and the prices were on par with other stadiums I've been to. I can't speak to the seats since we had lawn tickets, but the game last night was sold out and we found a good spot on the lawn and we arrived just before the game started. The facility is really nice, clean, but I do wish they had another score board visible from the lawn area.
2	I had high hopes that this place was on the same level as Salt River in feel and character but I sure did not have that after visiting it last night.  Maybe as I never have been at Wrigley I am missing some of the customized elements.By far the biggest issue, minus the stupid prices for t-shirts and concessions, is the exceedingly poor scoreboard.  We sat in the lower level of the first base side and had a heck of a time reading the scoreboard.  Here are my gripes on the scoreboard:Too small to be usefulAt night it is not very well lighted so seeing the non-lighted sections is impossibleAbout 1/3 was being used for advertisingNo stats provided for the batter (take a lesson from Salt River)The line up on the left side did not highlight the batter but with the letters so small it would not be of much use.By the way the parking lot lighting but there was no signage as to how to exit and the entrance was blocked off!  I never have been to a ballpark above a crude kids field that did not have the distances from home plate to the outfield fence shown with signs hanging on the fence.
5	My first visit was awesome! Didn't even get a chance to tour the whole place.We went to a nite game and sat in the OF grass. The food truck area was really cool and there is also a kids play area next to it. Huge outdoor bar in left-center and the food was top notch - no complaints.The usual overpriced beer, and the crowd was huge - packed - every blade of grass had a rear end on it! My suggestions are go early (1 hr prior), parking will be much easier, enter in off Dobson south of the 202 and enjoy!Go Cubbies!!
5	Hey, all sporting venues are over priced with food offerings and any type of souvenir.  If that's a negative then so be it.  This in no way detracts from the positive baseball experience elicited by the park itself. Grab a scorecard, walk around the park and enjoy every morsel offered to you as a fan.  The field and stands are unique.  A mini Wrigley?  Only in spirit and spot replicas from the original field it was modeled after.  The Cubs Park sign is a slight parody of the original marquee in Chicago.  Had to capture a picture.  The bends in left and right field mimic the 'wells' at Wrigley.A perfect venue to spy a game, like a AAA field. The players are closer and more evident.  The field of play begs you to come out and play.  Seating is clearly marked and easy to maneuver to.  Shade overhangs cover the outer half of the first base side.Parking is really no issue, if you arrive early and mark your spot.  Getting there can be difficult if you don't arrive as the gates open.  But, why wouldn't you want to enjoy the entire day with baseball?  5 stars for the park5 stars for the field5 stars for the concourses
4	Beautiful new Spring Training home for the Cubs.  My friends who are Cubs fan and go to Wrigley field say Chicago dogs are amazing and are always talking about them.  Finally got to try one and loved it!Beer and food is a bit pricey but aren't they usually at any athletic facility? Tailgate/eat/drink before you enter the park .And The District and Toby Keith's I love this bar & grill offer shuttle service to and from the game. Might be a way to avoid the $7 parking fee and the post game traffic.Make sure to bring sunscreen, sunblock, sunglasses and a hat if sitting in the lawn.
5	A great, brand new, Cubs stadium that offers a variety of food BUT no Old Style.....that's gotta change!! The Iowa breaded pork tenderloin truck was the ONLY food truck that didn't run out if food. Good job guys!!! I love how it feels like little Wrigley!!
5	This facility is top notch on every level.  They really went above and beyond when building this spring training faculty for the Chicago cubs.  Great setup and great architecture all around.
5	The new stadium!   yes.. they did a great job.  I will miss hohokam park though.. I was a fan and it was more local.  But still..  This stadium is nice
4	I actually didn't go the cubs park, I went to Riverview Park attached to Cubs park. I take my dog Desiree to the dog park there. She loves it, and of course if she loves it, I love it! there are 2 areas specifically for dogs there. The only problem is that the one  where I take Desiree has no benches to sit or fences to separate the area from the other where people like to play football or soccer. I'm not sure about the other one because I haven't actually been there. But the park itself is great. It has fishing ponds and several paths to walk, also kids play areas and a water play area. They keep the place pretty clean, and they are still building more to it.
5	This is the newest stadium in the Cactus League. It's a little more laid back than Salt River. My favorite feature of the field is a full service bar in the outfield!The park is walking distance to the public park that is outfitted with a fishing pond and tons of playground equipment.
5	Great day!! I was here for a company event. Everything was provided, including bounce houses. The stadium is new and clean with plenty of parking.
5	This stadium is an absolute gem. However the city of Mesa should really push hard to get a minor league team here. Shame to see such a nice stadium used so infrequently.
3	They spent a boatload of money and I know it looks alot different during Fall League season, but the wow factor just isn't there with this slice of Chicago ballpark in the desert. It was nice and shiny, but no features really made it stand out and I'm not counting the Wrigley Field sign they imported. The grassy knoll is quite big and there are plenty of spaces to relax (especially in the fall), but beyond that it just reminds you of a minor league ballpark. No views beyond the outfield or any Ivy in sight. This stadium is as plain as the Midwesterners who flock here during the winter and spring training. Parking was free in the fall.
3	They've done a nice job with this new ballpark.  I wish there was more than just a bunch of chain restaurants surrounding it at Mesa Riverview.
