1	Horrible. An hour and a half after I dropped off the car they hadn't even moved the car from its parking spot and all I needed was an oil change. It's now 2.5 hours later and I'm still waiting for my oil change while the techs stand around in the shop. Time is money and these people wasted my time & lost my business.
2	I have gone to Sears Auto Center around the valley for years because their prices can't be beat on oil changes. I finally have learned you get what you pay for.  I've unfortunately had to have more than oil changes done in the last year.In my most recent visit, I had to wait an hour to get checked in. I was the 3rd person in line and they had already been open for an hour. They called in extra help and that gentleman was the person who checked me in.  As I knew the repairs would take awhile I coordinated my salon appointment with my car work.  I was late to my appointment.The gentleman called to tell me the oil change was done and that yes indeed I need the repairs I told him I needed, plus a little more. I asked him how much it would be and he said he didn't know he'd have to call back with an estimate. Who doesn't have an estimate ready when they call to advise more work is needed? Well then he called back with an estimate and it didn't include the work already done, so I asked him for a grand total.  I agreed to the extra repairs and when I got to pick up my car the total came to almost $250 more than what I was quoted.  The first person who tried to check me out said there was nothing they could do I had to pay the higher amount and come back to ask for a refund. Well I stood my ground because frankly I never would have agreed to the more expensive amount, and it wasn't the price I was quoted.  Half an hour later a third gentleman was able to get me checked out at the price I was quoted.Until they can get staff in there that can do the job efficiently and accurately I will not be bringing my business back.  (I have spent thousands of dollars to this company over the last year and I wonder how often I was overpaying/misquoted.)
5	Can't say enough things on how good they treated me. Bought a battery here less than two years ago and it had a 3 year full replacement warranty. Felt like the battery was dying on me so I took it in to have them check it. The guy at the desk was upfront to me telling me there were 8 cars ahead of mine and it would be a couple hours to get it checked. I agreed and dropped off the care and gave them my cell number. Approx 2 hours later he called me and told me my car was ready to be picked up. Went inside and they had the keys waiting for me and told me that the battery tested bad and they replaced it for free. Now how is that for great service!
