4	Pei Wei is fast, inexpensive, and tastes great. I love the exhibition kitchen where they make your food out in the open. It's rather noisy but I like that in-the-thick-of-things atmosphere!The Asian menu items are mostly very good. I don't care for the orange chicken here, but it's my husband's favorite. I go for the spicy kung pao chicken, although a few times it has been too salty. I also really enjoy the lettuce wraps. They are listed on the appetizer menu, but they make a great meal of themselves. Pei Wei has gotten a bit too trendy for me since we first started eating here, but I guess they deserve the success!
3	This was a decent place, but I'm a little bit more partial to the Mom-and-Pop restaurants.  Food in general tastes better when it isn't from a chain restaurant.  On the plus side, they do have a gluten free menu! :)
5	Do we begrudge Pei Wei for being what it is?  The question of how many stars to give pei wei is a question of one's very theory of awarding stars.  is a fast-asian kitchen even worthy of five stars at its best?  could it ever live up to a mastros, or a houstons, or another restaurant of such ilk?my perspective is that you must grade it for what it is, not what it never attempts to be.  And what it is is a great place to go to get a quick bite of very tasty asian food.  I have had many of their offerings and have rarely been disappointed.spicy korean: delicious, with brown rice and extra veggies you might even consider it healthy.  mongolian beef, sweet, yet savory in that way that only mongolian beef can be.  and their kung pao chicken is spicy and flavorful.  is it groundbreaking?  no.  but I can go order it online and pick it up 9 minutes later and that is something that is worthy of mention.also worthy of mention is some really delicious crab wontons and a very delightful rendition of sweet and sour sauce.  Probably the best crab wontons in the whole world--or at least this side of the prime meridian.  of course chinese ppl probably have no clue how to make *real* chinese food.look, I am not saying that the pei wei's executive chef is gonna win any battles of kitchen stadium, but if you go to pei wei for that sort of thing then it's on you, knucklehead.  Quick, not too expensive, and very tasty.
5	This review is easy. Short and simple, because Pei Wei never disappoints. Quick and friendly service, great food (always prepared correctly), and low(ish) prices. I live nearby and I know that I can always depend on Pei Wei.
3	When we walked in the place it was rather deserted which made it nice. No lines and plenty of available seating. As usual I ordered the lettuce wraps, dan dan noodles and a kids teriyaki chicken. This was the first time when we were looking for seats and found a large majority of the tables uncleaned. Granted there were no dishes piled up, but clearly the tabled needed a good wiped down.Our order did take a bit longer than usual to arrive, but the food was delicious. Not sure why but we only received three pieces of lettuce for the lettuce wraps which was clearly not enough. That was kind of a let down. The teriyaki sauce tasted more like honey as opposed to the traditional teriyaki flavor.Usually our experiences are great, but I am not sure what happened this time around.
4	Short and sweet! It is good, fresh and dependable. My favorite is the mongolian beef! Love it! We usually sit out if possible bc the cooking area is open to the seating area so its a bit loud. But Im a definite fan! Love it!
5	Some of you will look at this review and wonder has she lost her mind giving 5 stars to a fast food faux asian restaurant?  No, I'm perfectly sane as I write this.  I have been to Pei Wei many times over the last year.  Is it authentic?  No.  Is it tasty?  Yes. Is it easy on the wallet?  Yes. Are there healthy options?  Yes. Does my daughter like it?  Yes! I have enjoyed many different dishes here.  Rice bowls, noodle bowls, kung pao, pad thai and everything has been good and I was satisfied. I have always had good service at this location too.  The staff is friendly and accomadating, even on a super busy night. I love that you can get brown rice too.  My daughter and I can eat here for under $20.  That's pretty good for a decent meal.  All these things combined make me want to give Pei Wei 5 stars.  But more than that, my daughter loves their Lo Mein and she will eat every last bite almost every time!  I know what I'm getting when I walk in and I know it will be good.  Authentic or not, I still love Pei Wei!
3	This particular Pei-Wei always seems to be busy and it's pretty loud.I like that the food is rather ecclectic and there is an abundance of variety. I haven't every been disappointed with their food and it's a solid choice for a short get together with friends, aside from the noise, that is. It's just okay by me.
4	This is the first review of a restaurant in our new HOOD! Just moved to Chandler from the old QC! Man it's great to be back in civilization! The hubby is working tonight so - what the heck time to keep the pans in the boxes we moved them in and off to Pei Wei! I ordered the Dan Dan noodles, it was very tasty! I ordered the Kung Pao for the hubby - all I can say is that my mouth is watering as I sit here and look at it. He's worked hard all day - wouldn't be right to nick a bite.! Ha! I walked in and went straight to the take out desk - which I appreciate. They took my order promptly and in 10 min my order was done! That's pretty darn fast! I've eaten here a couple of times and well it's good! I agree with Lynn, the food is always consistent - who can complain with that! Check it out!
5	This specific Pei Wei is the best in 3 states I've been to. Ordered spicy salad w/shrimp to go. They have a gluten free menu (who knew!) and the salad and shrimp were perfect. Unlike Paradise (3 doors down) who gives 3 peices of lettuce and a tomato, PW does it right - large salad, right amt. of shrimp. Plus, since I can't have soy sauce, one of the girls actually caught my mistake last time - spring rolls are made with a SS mixture. Saved me a trip to ER! Thanks to the ladies at the counter - you are fast, effecient, and knowledgeable about what you serve, really don't find that much anymore. Kudos to your staff and food Ocotillo Pei Wei - best salad and staff by far!
5	I always get the Kung Pao Chicken. I've tried a few other entrees that my husband had (like a Thai dish that was pretty good) but my favorite is definitely the Kung Pao. Fresh, crispy snow peas and carrots and not drenched in sauce. And the crab ragoons are to die for!
3	I don't go to Pei Wei a lot but when I do I'm normally very happy with my food.I went a few days before Christmas with a couple friends for a quick dinner. I got their dinner deal for $6.25 and I must say for the price the amount of food that you receive is excellent.My only criticism is that it took awhile for us to receive our food. We were probably the only people sitting outside at the time and my friend and I both watched as one of their staff walked back and forth inside the dining room with our food. It's like he forgot that there was outside seating at the restaurant. He had to go to the back and have someone else show him where the patio was. Regardless, we received our food and it was still super hot and delicious. I'd definitely go back.
1	At the risk of sounding like a snob, I was pretty annoyed with the ostentatious "exotic" atmosphere of the place. I suppose being spoiled with Asian food while growing up in San Francisco, I am totally biased. Pei Wei's food is edible, just nothing compared to the Asian cuisine you can get elsewhere (even in Chandler) that is tastier and less expensive. For what this is, I would rather go to Panda Express.
4	As far as I'm concerned, Chef Eric nailed it with his Thai Basil Chicken entree.  Also love their thai coconut curry, pad thai, dan dan and kung pao.  The staff here is usually friendly and accurate, with no botched orders yet.  Sure the dining area can get loud, but I come here with co-workers all the time, and it hasn't yet drown out any of our conversations.  Fresh orange wedges for your fresh brewed iced tea.
3	There are not a lot of choices for quick service in Ocotillo, so we tend to go here a decent amount. I like the food in general, but find they use a bit too much sauce in general...it's dripping. I have had several times where the meat portion had some bad, fatty cuts. There's nothing worse than a surprise of that. But...it's good more often than not!
3	Pei Wei is a glorified Asian Restaurant.  The food here is hit or miss. The wait sometimes is up too 30-45mins sometimes. I appreciate that they want to cook your order fresh, I just wish it wasn't such a long wait at times. The staff seems pretty friendly for the most part.
4	I've been to other Pei Wei's in the valley and I've yet to see any as busy as this one. The food is consistently good; do expect about a 20 minute wait for food if you are dining in. They recently got the new Coke touch machines where you can make your own flavor combo! YUM! This place can get noisy; I wouldn't recommend bringing kids since this place is very hectic and can be overwhelming to small children. Take Out is stellar and most of the time food is ready when promised.
4	Okay, Pei Wei is an okay place to quickly grab a meal that can be modified to be healthy.  This particular Pei Wei is very busy.  Because it's so busy the service for take-out can be spotty.  There are times when I've ordered online for a particular time and when I arrive my food is already cold.  Other times I call on my way home from work and am told there will be a 45 minute wait - just can't count on consistency in that fashion.The staff are usually pretty friendly and helpful.  If they could get the take out thing figured out, they would get five stars from me.
3	Pei Wei is one of my very favs but lately it has been losing it's appeal and quality.I ordered egg rolls which taste was impossible to identify. The fried rice with beef tasted like burned oil. The teriyaki chicken was good.One thing I love is the Coke machine with all kinds of crazy stuff. My drink: Ice, half glass of peach flavored Sprite zero and half glass of sparkling water. I like to keep things simple.All in all Pei Wei is a decent place to grab an inexpensive ok food.
5	Love going there never had a bad meal yet.  Go at least twice a month.
5	Love this Pei Wei Asian Diner.  This location is close to my house and I've been here many times.  Always get great food, great service, & the atmosphere is great too.  Highly recommended.  Just as a tip, the Hong Hong BBQ Beef Diner select is my favorite dish.
5	Always a favorite place to go that's casual and yummy ! Had their carmel chicken and it was so good ! All of the staff is very nice and this place is always super clean and tidy !
4	I went to Pei Wei for some orange chicken.  They have an open kitchen area, a counter to order at, and a large seating area.  They also have a special door and counter area for take-out orders.  The orange chicken was $9.00 after tax.  The orange chicken here is very different than other recipes I've had but it is good.  The chicken is very lightly glazed in an orange sauce that is not overly sweet like some places (see my review of Tott's).  The chicken is accompanied by slivers of orange peal, soft thinly sliced carrots, crisp snow peas and a little bit of green onion and bean sprouts.  I appreciate the fact that I can taste the tender chicken because it is not deep fried.  The orange flavor is there but it is not overpowering.  The vegetables are a welcomed change of pace from the usual orange chicken than is just deep fried chicken in a sugary sauce.  I do miss the spicy kick of the orange chicken recipes that have red and black peppers, but I also realize that would screw up THIS recipe because it would overpower the other flavors.  I feel like I am eating healthier when I am eating this dish from Pai Wei and yet I am satisfying my craving for orange chicken.  Overall, I am satisfied with this experience.  You pay a little more for this orange chicken than you might at Tott's or Panda Express but you get what you pay for.
3	I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants but my friend wanted to come here and I happily tagged along.  We came in at around 6:30 and we seemed to hit the early diners as we were the only people in the restaurant who were under the age of 80 :). Although the restaurant was pretty packed, we managed to get our order in and find a decently clean place to sit. The servers at Pei Wei are mostly high schoolers but they are pretty nice and helpful. We ordered the kung pao chicken and the mongolian beef, both with brown rice.I thought the food was average/decent for Americanized/chain/fast food-like Asian food. I do appreciate the availability of brown rice as it allows you to healthen-up (I don't think that's a real word) your meal. In terms of flavor, the mongolian beef was tasty and the meat was juicy. My friend loves the Kung Pao chicken mostly because of the sauce so he orders an extra order of just the juice to dip the meat in or spread in the rice- great way to boost the flavor in your dinner.Food comes around pretty quickly, you pay up front and get your own drinks and they buss the tables for you. Not bad for a fairly quick dinner.
1	It is so bad that I have to sign up Yelp so I can tell people not to waste their money.  I ordered two take out dishes: Thai Dynamite chicken and Korean spicy beef.  My verdict: a notch better than Panda, but cost the as much.  I am Asian.  My opinion of Pei Wei: go there if you like American Asian food.  If you like something a bit more authentic, go to Asian Grill on Alma School and Riggs, only 5 mins away from Pei Wei.  Cheaper too. Mind you, the restaurant is not good looking like Pei Wei.
4	Good for fast food.  The Carmel Chicken is the best dish
2	I do mostly take out - and eat in rarely but I do 2-3 times a year and noticed...Totally hit or miss here when you do take out.  It seems that you get less food when you do take out - I have noticed you definitely get less veggies and less meat.Never order 'extra' of anything - you have less than a 50% chance you will actually get anything worth the $1 or $2 you are paying.  I order extra veggies and get like 2 or 3 broccoli pieces. I only get food here when there is a Bogo, that is the only time it is worth take out.
4	Tasty and fast, if you get there at 11am. I'm liking the combo lunch specials.
5	We ordered take-out here recently.  3 entrees and chicken lettuce wraps.  Right after we got home, I got a phone call from the manager asking me to check my order. Unfortunately, we had ordered Kung Pao shrimp but were given Kung Pao Chicken instead.  The manager asked if we wanted to come back for the correct item.  It was pouring down rain, so we said we'd just eat the chicken.  The manager apologized multiple times, offered to refund us the money for the incorrect item, AND sent me a gift card for $10 a few days later!  Wow!!! I was super-impressed by the level of customer service and willingness to correct a small mistake (the first one we've experienced at this location).  As always, the food was Delish!Thank you, Pei Wei!
5	I eat here at least twice a month. This is my go-to take out place. We usually have 5 or 6 orders and they always take care to make sure they are correct. (Sucks to get where you're going and realize you have the wrong food)I've never had a bad experience here. Usually go with the lettuce wraps (original), sesame chicken or Mongolian beef. I love Pei Wei. Yum yum yummmmm.
5	Love this place!  This time we went, we went at Noon and were worried we'd run into a rush.  Nope.  We walked right up and ordered, no line.  And our food was out before we could get comfy in our seats!The food quality is always good.  And the portions are always generous, I never finish and end up taking it home.  The new Pork Sirracha lettuce wraps are AMAZING!Place is always clean, people are friendly.
2	We have picked up takeout here many times and haven't had a bad experience...until tonight. We ordered crab wontons, orange peel chicken with brown rice and Pei Wei spicy chicken with brown rice. The wontons were practically flat and had very little filling. The entrees didn't have many vegetables, the orange peel chicken had only 3 snap peas, 3! Where were all the vegetables. The rice in the orange peel was barely cooked, and the rice in the Pei Wei spicy was covered in sauce. Basically, everything was off, so I am hoping it was just an off night. I saw previous reviews that said takeout is hit or miss and after our experience tonight, I agree completely.
3	The food is pretty tasty here, and we have never had an issue with the food except for it being very high in calories in my opinion.When they are semi busy though to stagger the number of people at the tables, they won't let you sit until you order.  I would understand if the tables were all full, but usually 7 or 8 are empty.  They will only run one register and just make people stand in line 20 - 30 minutes to wait to order.  I think the staff panics, and this is there way of coping with it, by making you stand in line for eternity.  Their business model is "fast" Asian food, but with the long wait to order, it is never quick for dinner even on a weekday.  Also as a result of everyone having to stand in the line a long time to order, peoples kids tend to get impatient and unruly and are running around in line as they don't have a place to sit.  It doesn't make for the best ambiance.Otherwise, I recommend the orange peel chicken.  It is just a little spicy, not very much.  Probably not the healthiest thing to eat there, but it is yummy!
1	Terrible. When I arrived at 6pm. There were 30 people waiting in the To-Go line and no one in the dine-in line. I was dining in. I noticed 6 cooks. I waited 30 minutes before receiving my food. The vegetable spring roll was greasy, fried and tasteless.  The coconut curry chicken was pasty tasting with cold starchy rice. I have been to other Pei Wei with better food and service. I do not recommend this restaurant. Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
4	This place gets busy at lunch time, but the line moves quickly. Everything I have ordered has always tasted fresh and good. My favorite is the Thai Dynamite with chicken. It has plenty of veggies for me and just the right amount of spice.
1	In my opinion the place is poorly managed. On what is to be my last visit I asked if I wanted an Asian Chopped Chicken Salad without the chicken would it be less. I am a vegetarian and am annoyed when I order a dish and leave off the meat (the most expensive part) and get charged the same price.  I am ok with it if the offer to make the rest a larger portion. The manager suggested I instead of getting the salad I wanted for $7.29 that I get a Side Salad for $2.99 which is what I did.  So I didn't get what I really wanted, and the restaurant got $2.99 from me instead of $6.29 which I would have been happy to pay for the salad I really wanted without the chicken.  And don't get me started on how disgustingly filthy their method for refilling ice is.
2	We've eaten here dozens of times, but I'm so disappointed with this evening's dinner selection. My daughter and I decided to share an order of shrimp fried rice and crab rangoons. The rice was salty and greasy (reminded me of a cheesy Ma & Pop Chinese restaurant in East Oakland), while the rangoons were just ok. Being part of the PF Chang's chain of restaurant's, my expectations are higher than the norm; we don't have meal issues at PF Chang's.This is the 2nd time eating at this particular location and I've been less than satisfied with my meal. Perhaps Pei Wei is not the restaurant for me, which is sad being as we love PF Chang's and Pei Wei is a little easier on the bankroll.
4	The wifes favorite spot and I have come to love the different dishes..service is always great and the food is always hot when it comes to the table
3	Got take out, it was okay.  I didn't recognize any familiar faces in the staff there, could be turnover.  The food isn't as good there as it use to be a couple years ago.
5	Well I just had to give 5 stars to the server at Pei Wei last nite ...My wife had ordered the Pei Wei Spicy w/ chicken. This wasn't to her liking just because it was whether sweet. So ask the server ( wish I got his name) as to what he recommend based on her taste .So he suggested the Kung Pao...He has this made at no extra charge!!!....With services like that we will defiantly be back.....
3	I enjoy going to Pei Wei, but I've realized that there are only a couple of dishes that are always on par so I end up only getting those. The Mongolian Chicken extra well done with no scallions, add broccoli is my favorite & the Dan Dan Noodles dish is good as well. I've also tried the Kung Pao chicken which sometimes comes out salty as does the Sesame Chicken.I'm really glad that they have two different sizes .. I personally find that the small is sufficient, especially for lunch. It's nice to eat here every once in a while. Also, keep in mind that this location is always busy, especially at peak lunch time. The line often times is out the door & it takes some time to get a table. The staff up front does a pretty good job keeping things moving.
4	This is about as close to Asian fast food as I'm willing to go.  Overall, pretty solid resturant and food.Food:  Quality is pretty good, variety is average.  Limited menu, but enough variation on it so that usually isn't a big problem unless you go there a couple of times a week.  You can ask for dishes to be made extra spicy and they do a good job of dialing it up appropriately.  The Thai Dynamite and Pei Wei Spicy are two of our favorites.Tip:  Get the brown rice instead of the white rice.. they usually seem to do a better job with that.Service:  Fast and polite.  No-nonsense.  Know what you want to order when you get to the register or else you'll feel like you're just holding up everybody's day.  But that's not too hard as they have big menus all along the area where you wait in line.  Food rarely takes more than about 5 minutes to come out to your table after you orderAmbiance:  A bit crazy and chaotic during lunch and dinner hours, as the resturant is open to the kitchen.  A bit too loud usually to hold a normal conversation unless you go outside 11:30-1:30 or 5-7.  Nice decor and kind of cool to watch them cook.Price:  Extremely reasonable for the quality of the food.  Runs right around $10/person typically.
3	Usually lunch is so fast, by the time you've filled your drink and select a seat - they bring your food.  Dinner, in my experience, hasn't quite the same urgency.  From time to order to the time my food came was a surprising 40 minutes.  I should have ordered more wine.  This is unusual, unless I usually only come for lunch and they focus on busting out food at breakneck speed - and for dinner perhaps they slow down.  Regardless, I'm happy with the menu changes: small/large plates, and as always appreciate the vegetarian/vegan options.  The food continues to be consistently good.
2	Update:  Pei Wei has done a significant re-vamp to their menu and unfortunately I have to say I am not inpressed.We ordered the Kung-Pao, Pei Wei Spicy, Thai Dynamite, and one other (that I can't recall).  So one huge downer is that there is no longer ANY curry dish on the menu.  They have all been removed.  If you're going to do Asian Fusion and represent several Asian cultures, you simply can not do that much justice without at least one or two curry dishes on the menu.  What just completely floored me was when we got them home and opened them up (side by side), was that they have become just the same dish with very minor differences (peanuts in the kung pao) and different sauce.  So it would appear that the menu re-vamp has been made so they can use the same base ingredients for each dish and modify slightly for each order.  This doesn't really come through unless you take the buffet approach to your order like we did when we got it home.  But if you do that, it will become pretty clear that you just ordered the same dish 4x with slightly different sauce.Wow, big dissapointment in my book, and drops Pei Wei below my line for what I'm willing to accept for Asian food.. just too fast and similar to Applebee's for me.
5	Always good food, fast service and a great location. I'm not a big fan of their new way of ordering. I realize they tried to make it so you can customize each dish, however it's a bit confusing and overwhelming. Frankly, I ignore it and just order the way I usually do. Their new sushi selection is very good!
4	ordered take out the other night. got home and only half my order was in the bag! :( thankfully I live super close and they were super nice and apologetic. I am a regular and this never happens, therefore no big deal. the girls who work there are always so friendly!
4	Never been to one of these places before and first experience was good. The weather was nice and we had outdoor seating.  The service was very quick the sushi was good for a non Japanese sushi joint. Its one step up on lunds.
1	Something is seriously wrong!! I am a fan Pei Wei.  I have been for years, but so far I have been here a few times and each time to food is terrible.  I'm not sure what is wrong with the cooks, but everything is always far to spicy.  One week I'll order the sesame chicken from the gilbert location and it's excellent.  Then I go to this location off of Queen Creek and the sauce is mainly just soy sauce with no other flavor except salt.  I have even asked if they could remake my dish and it still comes back tasting the same.  I like a few chain restaurants because I can always bank on the quality being consistent , but not here.  Safe to say I will never come back to this location. Even though it's closer to my home I'd rather drive 20 minutes out of my way.
