4	Decent hotel in the area.  Staff was great and my room was clean.  The location is near a mall and a bunch of restaurants which is great for someone visiting on business.  There are a number of other hotels in the area so you might want to do some comparison shopping before booking here.
4	great hotel for the price. the rooms are more like a boutique hotel with mid century modern kind of look and feel. decent breakfast and friendly staff.
3	Hotel staff make this place a good strong 3 stars other than that, that's it.  The shower leaks and the walls are pretty thin. Towels hurt ya if you like soft cotton towels.....uh it's good for the price is a good area to eat and do your Middleton thing. It's a decent hotel for the price. Could use a face lift bit it's all good (: the geese are not friendly do not touch! FYI another last tip is that the windows are not double pane so the noise level is high from outside. Great price and staff but noise level sucks :(
4	The rooms were clean, and all of the furniture was very new. Water pressure in the shower was excellent. Quite a selection of channels on the "idiot-box" and free internet in all of the rooms.The breakfast buffet in the morning was one of the best I have seen in these small travel motels. Lots of food choices, and they kept it well stocked through the rushes.We will stay here again next time in this area and would definitely recommend if you are visiting Madison, WI
4	My group of 12 runners and 1 driver spent the night here before Ragnar Relay Chicago, which is a relay race from Madison through Milwaukee and on to Chicago. The race began Friday, so we arrived late Thursday afternoon and left in the morning.Reservations were made months in advance and were honored when we got there. Check-in was simple and the employees seemed to enjoy our enthusiasm and joking around. They even welcomed us with fresh cookies. How can you hate on a hotel with cookies? You just can't.The location, strangely enough, was both ideal and not. The nice thing was that we were close enough to the starting line that it wasn't a huge issue for our first group of runners to leave at 5am and get there on time; however, being somewhat closer to where the race started might have been nicer and we're looking into that for 2013, because it was a bit of a haul for the second van (my van).On the other hand, we were far enough away that this hotel did not fill up immediately and it had no problem blocking off some rooms for us and we were right off the highway, very close to restaurants for an easy group dinner and there is a shopping center right next door. I took full advantage of stocking up on anything I might have missed by going to the local Erehwon and running shop. That was incredibly convenient. They also have a really good continental breakfast.As far as the hotel room: the beds were incredibly comfortable but the shower drain was backed up. I ended up in a couple inches of dirty water, which is never fun. However, I had some of the best sleep of my life. The area remains relatively quiet and the curtains keep out most of the light.Prices are very reasonable, so this is a great place to stay if you want to be near Madison but don't need to be right in the city.
3	This a pretty standard Fairfield in. Free breakfast, free wifi, nice staff. The usual... I was working at the University of Wisconsin and chose this place because I like building Marriott points. It's not in Madison at all, so just be aware if you are doing lots of things on campus you got about a 20 minute drive. The good thing is it's pretty close to the road that leads to campus, downtown, and the airport. Downtown Middletown in kinda idyllic too. I will warn you this is the type of hotel chartered bus passengers like. Cheap, friendly, and next to a Denny's.
5	Rachel is the best ever and I love staying here.  It is on my company but they are worth every dime.  The breakfast was wonderful everyday and the shuttle service is always on time.  The drivers are so awesome and they love taking care of us.  It is always wonderful to get great customer service and this place sets the bar.
3	I didn't spend much time at the hotel but the air conditioner was terrible and I could hear everyone who was outside.
