5	A "streetwear" boutique without the pretense.  It's in Scottsdale Fashion Square upstairs by Nordstrom.  King & Duck carries gear from 10 Deep, Crooks & Castles, The Hundreds, ALIFE, Stussy, etc.  They don't have the world's best selection, but it's more than you'll find elsewhere in this town.  It helps that the dudes running the show aren't snotty douchebags, either.  I actually got a smile and a hello when I walked in coupled with a genuine "thanks for coming" when I left with my purchase.  Both more than I ever received at any dime a dozen boutique in LA and elsewhere.
5	King and Duck is most definitely the FIRST of it's kind in this city. The shoe selection is small but 100% AUTHENTIC. I'd rather go to a store with smaller selection than a place that's full of fakes . As for the clothing, they offer up to the minute streetwear lines (10 Deep, the HUNDREDS, Rocksmith, etc.) and consistantly pay attention to what their customers want.
4	This place has the illest gear, hands down. They have all the hard to get clothing from independent clothing manufacturers. I know boutiques are not supposed to be in malls but let's get real this is Arizona. The only thing is that you do typically have to pay full price if you look online at Kidrobot.com or Karmaloop often times you can save money but some items can only be had here. Overall great store and if you have the $ stop in and cop some fresh gear.
4	Ok, I regularly shop At Vinnie's Styles in Brooklyn and Goliath Uptown. I understand that this place isn't a cutting edge boutique. Lets put this in perspective, it's in ARIZONA, and it's in a MALL. Ask yourself, do they bring something to the mall and to the city of scottsdale that would be missing if they left? YES THEY DO. They have some brands that are not widely avail in AZ (bornfly, popular demand) and they are in a convenient location..I appreciate that a place like this exists they are an added reason to go to fashion SQ as this and Macy's are the only stores I check for. I'm giving them 4 stars, not in comparison to its fairfax Ave or NYC counterparts but because of the value it adds right here in AZ.
