5	"What can I say about Kolby's that isn't amazing?"  I ask myself this everytime I think about driving 20 minutes to play pool here. Alas, it still remains unanswered... This place is awesome. Simply put.  You don't have to enjoy pool to have a good time thats FOR SURE.  They sell brewski's and eats. No liquor (I just found out), but their amazing food will make up for that dinger.  I swear, any food I eat here is fantastic.  Fireball Burger is indeed VERY fiery... like the waitresses!Loaded Fries are soooo comfortably loaded like many of the patronsSupreme Nachos come with everything including a side of siracha (sp?) and sour cream. Don't. Underestimate them...Tacos are flour tortillas, but deep fried like corn ones... They are extremely tasty and you get three of them.  Believe me, they are thicker than your grandma. Seriously. :|Sun and Mon have $1.00 pints. THAT'S RIGHT! ONE DOLLAR!Tues have $2.00 CoronasThe staff is B-A, Bad Ass! Everyone is super cool and they make you wish you were them. Honestly! I want to work there!Anyway, if you are in the mood for some chillaxing, stop here. Noon to 7 only costs you $7.00! Can you believe it?!?!?! That's unheard of!
5	Very cool place, a real pool hall.  Many of the patrons there are excellent players who really care about the game.Good food, reasonable prices, nice equipment.  You can't lose, really.
4	There's a lot to love about Kolby's. I've been here three or four times. All late at night. I have a problem with sleeping early so when I can't really nod off to sleep at a normal time, I grab a friend and I come play pool here. I don't fancy myself a great pool player, but that doesn't detract from the place at all. I'll usually be here with a friend, kicking back a beer or two playing pool late at night. It's a comfortable place and not loud like some places are. The food here is middle-of-the-road. I've had the Supreme Fries, not my favorite but I will spend hours munching down some of their waffle fries. Their beer selection is not large but it's a fairly decent selection. I usually get the Landshark, but they seem to always have a special on PBR so my buddy ends up getting that. For two people, it costs about $8 to play for the hour, which I don't personally think is a steep price to pay when nothing else is open at 3 am. I'm at a loss for what to say next. All I can say is I like Kolby's and I'm definitely coming back, if not on a weekly basis then more often.I should also note: after 10pm you need ID to show you're over 18.
4	This is a great pool hall to catch up with friends with a pitcher of beer. They have a lot of tables and it isn't very crowded or loud so it's very comfortable and relaxing. It's nice to get away from the craziness of Cue Club and just chill when I feel like shooting some pool. Came here on a random weekday (stopped in after seeing it on Yelp) to play some pool with my people and ended up staying a lot longer than anticipated. We were just having fun playing pool, drinking beer and working the jukebox. The staff is very friendly and the prices are reasonably cheap in my opinion. After reading some of the reviews about the food I am definitely going to come back and try it!
1	local businesses like this are the scourge of Tempe. No concept of anything resembling service. Dirty. Inedible cardboard food. On it's way out.
5	I've been coming to Kolbys for the past 25 years... Still the same great service and delicious food!
4	Great poolroom. Good staff and some of the best food you will find in a poolroom. If you are looking for fun with friends or cheap action gambling with someone then this is your place. You can ask the counter person if you are interested in playing a good player and they will find someone for you to spar with. Gets really packed on Friday and Saturday nights, beer is fairly priced. Juke box for music, TVs throughout, free dart boards. They have hourly tables and quarter tables too. I have been going there for around 8 years, never trouble there, a great place to bring your date or family.
