4	So why does anyone review a mall?  For me it is all about the space that is NOT commercial.  That in-between space where you are just living and being you.  That ethereal and emotional experience that makes the building reach the level of sublime.  That being said, I enjoyed this building.  Due to how late it was on Saturday, the only thing open was the movie theater.  After having the Starbucks people laugh at me, I decided I would look around a little bit. There are a lot of higher end stores and shops for those people that are around, but I enjoyed the vistas one gets from having a multi-tiered building that actually engages the mountainside into which it is built.  There are two entrances that are on axis with each other and you don't even realize it at first since they are on the first and third levels of the mall.  I want to return and explore the building some more.
1	Boring pretentious mall with old dated stores
3	The Galleria is a nice small-sized "mall" in the south hills with a higher-end store selection. There are a variety of restaurant options from Bravo Cucina to Mitchell's Fish Market, as well as a movie theatre (albeit, outdated with the old-style seats that torture your behind).  On a typical weekend, you'll find lots of families with young kids frolicking about while the mothers steal away into stores like Pottery Barn Kids and Gymboree. For DINKS like me, favorites include Restoration Hardware and Williams & Sonoma.  My husband loves the fact that he can grab a Starbucks and relax in one of the many seating areas while I "quickly" browse the sale rack at Ann Taylor or Anthropologie. I find myself wishing there were more options in terms of stores, but the smaller size tends to keep your visits shorter in nature vs. a grueling all-day venture at Ross Park Mall in the North Hills. Solid 3 stars in my opinion!
4	I haven't been to this mall in forever; in fact, I think the last time was before I was even in high school.  Now that I am older I really can see and appreciate the beauty that lies in this place.  I think I will be coming back to spend the day with my mother in the near future.
3	Yay review #300!And I'm giving Galleria mall a 3 to celebrate! J/k.It's like South Hlls Village but smaller and more expensive. That is all. I'm not sure I'd come back to shop. Maybe to eat, though. lol
2	I don't frequent the Galleria very much but go to their movie theater every once in a while.  The theater is outdated and old - you would think for their target clientele they would give the movie theater an upgrade.  The stores that I enjoy here include, Anthropologie, Williams-Sonoma and Charming Charlie.  They also have some decent chain restaurants like Mitchells, Houlihans, Bravo and Panera if you are hungry after watching a flick.
4	This is a nice small mall. Some of my favorite shops are Anthropologie & Pottery Barn Kids. There's a Starbucks and Panera inside. No problem with parking and the mall isn't overcrowded at all.
4	Ohhh the Galleria....  the mall where there is a 100% chance I'm going to find something I want to buy and a 0% chance I'll be able to afford it.If I am going out for dinner and a movie though, this is where I go.  They have a great selection of restaurants there, and that movie theater.  I LOVE Anthropologie but I can neither afford nor fit into their $85 size 0 tshirts.  But I'm all about their jewelry and housewears.I always stop down at Crabtree and Evelyn, I'm so afraid this place is going to go out of business.  this store is like Bath & Body Works outrageously glamorous and wealthy elderly Aunt.  But let me tell you--their Fresh Cut Rose perfume is literally man bait.  Theres lots of parking, the mall is beautiful inside, and I do teh bulk of my xmas shopping there because I KNOW I will always be successful there, and I have all year to save up for it.Sometimes they even have luxury car shows, which always makes me chuckle bc I think to myself, "Isn't that EVERY DAY in the parking lot?"
3	Oh the Galleria...I've always considered this mall to be the smaller but more expensive sister to the South Hills Village mall just up the street. How much more expensive? Enough that the Galleria is typically window shopping only for me...On the plus side, the Galleria is a bit more upscale and beautiful than the South Hills Village by design, so at least while I'm window shopping I'm able to enjoy a lovely building and atmosphere! Although I really don't like driving in its parking lot; I often have to park in the underground segment of the lot and doing so kind of creeps out the claustrophobic in me.And in fairness there ARE some things in here I can afford and do enjoy going to. The Hibachi place here is pretty good, and it's hard to go wrong with a Panera or Starbucks stop. Other highlights for me include the delicious chocolate shop, happy hour at Houlihans, and (to break my food and drink theme) the Coldwater Creek store. I also love just sitting around the fountain they have in here...it brings back memories from when I was little and ran along the ledge of that very fountain. (Surprise surprise, I fell in once or twice...little me wasn't a well-behaved child sometimes.)Still, the good things here aren't enough to make me love the Galleria more than the South Hills Village mall space. There's no bookstore in the Galleria area, its movie theater is overpriced (especially considering the run-down state of the theater itself as of my last visit), and honestly I've had a bad experience with sales reps in a number of the stores here; many have been overly pushy in an obvious effort to boost their commission payments, to the point that they've tried to sell me items that don't even fit me properly.If you're going to visit the Galleria, I say do it for the food. There are definitely some decent eateries here (I only mentioned a couple of them). As for the stores...if you're anything like me, have fun window shopping and be prepared to experience some sticker shock!
4	Visited Pittsburgh over the Memorial Day weekend.  It was my first time at the Galleria and I found it to be very nice.  It was definitely a higher end mall, very clean and not too large. I enjoyed Anne Taylor, Anthropology, and Restoration Hardware.  Although, I just browsed through those stores.I did make purchases at Charming Charlies... a favorite store of mine.  I was actually quite surprised to find the inexpensive accessories/clothing store in this mall.  I also ate lunch at Mitchell's Fish Market and it was delicious.  Highly recommend eating there for lunch, it's not too busy and affordable.I would come back here to shop.
1	Racist mall management team same team that ran century 3 mall in to the ground stay away nothing good comes out this place
3	I remember when we first started going to the Galleria years ago it was a very quiet if not "dead" mall.  There seemed to be very few people in this mall at the time but the last few times we went it has been quite busy.  A good indicator on how busy it is or was is how much parking was available at the front of the mall (the Starbucks entrance) versus having to go into the garage section.  Back in the day there always seemed to be parking at the front now it seems we had a harder time trying to park at the front.Been to Bravo once, Houlihans, the Asian restaurant upstairs once too.  I've never watched a movie there but the main attraction for this place was Anthropologie.  My wife loves that store and for the longest time it was the only one in all of Pittsburgh until we recently discovered there is one near Point Breeze at Bakery Square.Besides Anthropologie from what I can remember there's always been a Godiva and Restoration Hardware as well.  This mall is small and there's no department store.  I dont' really know what type of mall to call it because it's not like there are super high end stores here but there some good stores like Williams-Sonoma.  It's hard to explain the true purpose of this mall because it's not like it is really complimented by surrounding strip malls or big box complexes kind of like how Robinson has the Summit etc.  Either way it has Anthropologie and that is why my wife always wants to come here when we are in PGH.
3	I think A-Ok is a good way to put this mall. I should also add that i didn't get to venture around because I was here for Painting with a Twist. After eating dinner we had just enough time to head down to our painting class.As for stores, we walked by an Anthropologie, Ann Taylor and a toy store (Learning Express) Obviously there's more  but I was only on one floor.For eating there's a full sized Panera Bread inside, Chinese spot Starbucks and Houlihans, Mitchell's Fish Market for example. A BRGR is coming soon!! I would've given it 4 stars but ahh the parking!! The top lot was so full on Saturday afternoon given the small number of stores inside.. so we had to go down into the lower level lot.. which was still impossible to find a spot! We ended up seeing a couple leaving and patiently waited for them to leave to take their spot. No parking available on upper or lower level. If going down to the lower level, be sure to white knuckle it if you have a larger vehicle because the "hill/road" to go down is narrow. Add a bend to it and well it's just weird.
1	Pittsburgh Restoration Hardware has the worst customer service ..stay away.
