1	I decided to try a grooming salon, in hopes i would be get a more professional cut for my 2 year old yorkie, and also to be able to build a good relationship with my pup's groomer (as any human would with their hair stylist). Trust is always a big factor, and by trying this groomer out, I was sure to be impressed. The initial phone call was very pleasant, where I spoke with Sherry. She was very polite and bragged about her 16 years of grooming experience. She was also very persuasive in informing me new customers will receive $5 of their first groom, a bath, and doggy facial. From this phone conversation, I was under the assumption this was going to be the beginning of a very good grooming relationship. The day I dropped my pup off at this location, I was greeted by Sherry, eating her lunch in the front of the store. She beckoned another employee to take my companion, and I was asked how I wanted the cut. I explained I wanted the coat short, and face trimmed. I could be wrong, but typically, when I think of a good haircut or groom, consistency and "even-ness" is essential. I also asked to show the Sherry a picture, and she rushed me as my phone loaded, and said "how about I just make him adorable". That,statement of confidence gained my trust.  2 and a half hours later (which was quicker than I had anticipated), I showed up 10 minutes later (3pm, and they close at 3:30 on Saturdays) to a shop with a "closed" sign, and an angry "Connie" glaring at me as I walked in. Connie was literally, staring at me, as I waited for the prompt of my total. I then has to ask her how much I was to pay, as Connie's verbal skills clearly were not present at that time. I saw Sherry packing up her things and I said "thank you", prior to seeing my pup, and I was dismissed by her as she continued to gather her things. While I was given the $5 off as promised, when they brough out my pup, it looked as if they were grooming blindfolded. My dog still had sticky areas around his face, the coat was completely uneven, the face area was botched. In addition, my dog did not smell any better than how I brought him in. I am now writing this review, after my best attempt at fixing my poor pup's mane. The price and location may be ideal, however there is no customer service, and their "grooming" skills are extremely poor. I am a firm believer in giving tips to people in the service industry, however I also give credit where credit is due...and in this case, my tip when right back in my pocket. That being said, I will continue to go to PetsMart grooming, where the cut is even, the bath provided gives my pup an amazing scent, and I am not left having to trim up their mistakes. I will be forking out the extra $5 at Petsmart in exchange for my awful experience today.Do NOT go to this grooming salon.
2	Two weeks ago my parents unexpectedly decided to throw a get together at our house so they had asked me to take my dog to get groomed so he looked nice and clean when we had everyone over. So i called my usual groomers to see if they had any last minute appointments and they did not. I did not have any back up groomers who were available, so i decided to look on the Internet for groomers who were close to home. That is when i found this place, Gr8Dogsaz.   I called and got a man on the phone who was very polite and helpful. I asked if they happened to have any appointments asap so I could drop my dog off and be done in a timely manner. He told me to hold on while he checked with the staff. He came back on the line and told me they could squeeze in my dog if i got there asap.   So I get there and they weren't that packed (so it seemed). I checked in with the front counter and "registered" my pup. The guy who i had spoken to on the phone was the one at the front desk taking my information about my dog. As I am filling papers out, an older woman came out and said she would take my dog back. When she took my pup I asked approx how long she will need to get my dog all done. She looked at me like i was crazy and said "Do you see how busy we are? I have no idea how long it will be." First of all she shouldn't have spoken to me that way that she did.. and secondly, she should have some sort of clue how long I should wait to come back.   Anyways, long long story short.. I dropped my dog off there at around 12am and was told to check back in an hour, which seemed reasonable to me. When I did call back I got a lady on the phone who was really nice, but didn't speak very much English. She asked for my dogs name and I said "teddy" she said who, and then i repeated it.. she seemed to have no clue who that was. She was starting to freak me out.. and then she goes "ohhh teddy, he wont be done for another couple hours"..and this is where I started to get really upset. My dog is a really small Maltese and it should only take about an hour to wash and have a simple trim.. Maybe there were a lot of dogs ahead of me but I had no idea, they gave me no information.Anyways, I got a call at around 4 saying Teddy was done and that I could come pick him up.  He did look great, but that doesn't make up for the service. All in all this place was okay, but not very friendly and made me really uneasy after leaving my baby there... Usually "pet places" go out of there way to make you feel as comfortable as possible because you are leaving your precious "kids there" and I did not get this feeling at all from Gr8Dogsaz.
4	We have been taking our two dogs here for a few years now. I am just barely drafting a review because they recently acquired new owners. First: the old owner was a woman who had show dogs and was very good with the dog itself. She was, however, greatly lacking people skills. She was short with me on several occasions and weird about giving me advice (unwarranted) about my dogs. I think she was just socially awkward so I blew it off. My dogs always looked good and the price was reasonable. The new people are so much better at trying to make me feel like my business is appreciated. The other lady acted like she was being bothered half the time. The new owners are very accommodating. Before I would often be told they were full. Every time with these new owners they have made it work to get me in when I wanted to come in. They extended their hours a bit which is also nice. My dogs look great and the new owner ALWAYS offers to help me out to my car. They do need to work on their telephone skills. They do not speak English as well over the phone and seem to be confused at times when I call to ask a question. But they're trying. And I appreciate the friendly and customer oriented attitude when I go in.
1	Beware! While waiting outside for a table at the restaurant next door at 11am on 1/11/14, I looked in the window and saw a male groomer working with a cute little white dog. Just as I was thinking that I should start taking my dog to a local groomer to support small businesses such as this , I witnessed the man brutally yank the little dog by an ear to get it to stand closer to him. Then the man looked up and saw that I had seen what he just did. I went inside this business at that point and told him I saw what he did and he and a female worker said that the dog was "almost falling off the table" and then demonstrated that he pulled the dog by its leg, not its ear.  From my clear view from outside in to the groomers table, the dog was no where NEAR falling off and seemed to be nervous of the clippers and the groomer, instead of guiding the dog by its leash, used the poor little dog's ear to yank him back in. I'm no bleeding heart, but I know cruelty when I see it. DO NOT SEND YOUR ANIMAL HERE UNATTENDED!!
5	Consistent work at a good price.  They are always nice and truly love the animals they serve.  I would recommend them.
1	I brought 2 of my girlfriends Pomeranians in to get groomed and nails clipped and from the start it was a bad experience. They didn't have me fill out any info about my dogs, didn't ask if they had shots, and I didn't get a call telling me they were done grooming.  So I call and ask if they were done and then went in in to pick them up and before they would bring my dogs out they asked for me to pay and made sure to ask for a tip!!! I thought that was odd and bad taste but I went ahead and paid plus tip and then they had me fill out paper work.  They finally brought my dogs out and I picked up Koko which is 6 mths old and looked down on my white tshirt and there was blood all over my shirt, a lot of it and it was also on the floor!!!!! They tried to down play it as if this kind of thing happens from clipping her nails and didn't offer anything to make it right!! Not even a dry cleaning bill!!!! Nothing. My poor dog was bleeding all over the place. This is no exaggeration. Do not take your dog to this place if you care about them. Jon
