3	OK - this is a Chinese buffet so I don't think 5 stars is even possible.Their quality can waver, probably as much by time spent on the steam tables as any other reason.Their fried shrimp, hot and sour soup are generally very good. Most everything is in the typical range. They always have poached salmon but the steam table is capable of making it uneditable but when not destroyed on the steam table, it's generally quite good.Friend said that their sushi was decent but I this doesn't strike me as a place to eat sushi.Evenings and weekends are priced higher but they generally have crab legs and beef ribs.Staff is generally friendly and attentive.
2	Captain's Log, Stardate 2009-09-17.  Stopped in this junction of the galaxy last night with three friends after spending all day moving my Captain's Quarters.  I was sporting my skimpy blue retro work-out shorts with white trim, as I was tired and wasn't in the mood to even change.  I garnered a few odd glances (such to be expected) but we were quickly seated.  I tend not to do buffets now, as I'm really trying to watch my weight, but this place was recommended to me by my Lieutenant.  I'll be beating him later, but I digress.  The food was pretty marginal overall.  It was definitely NOT hot enough.  Replicator food on the Enterprise is better than this.  Want to piss me off?  Serve me tepid food and then charge me $8 cubits a head for same.  Some items were better than others.  I almost think there were too many choices.  I'd like to see the choices narrowed, the temperature increased and the food quality improved.  As for eating sushi in a place like this?  No way in Hades.  Not last night, not today and certainly not tomorrow.  I'd rather chase Khan with a crippled ship in a nebula before I dine here again.Overall, C-There has to be better choices for buffet Chinese food in central Phoenix, and I'm on a mission to find it.  "Engage long range scanners, Mr. Sulu.  We must find a suitable class-M Chinese food planet in this sector."  :D--don
4	Yes, I realize I'm probably risking my health by coming here but I just can't help but like it anyway.It's cheap & there are lots of options food wise. They even have basic sushi rolls. That's a major plus in my book! Everyone seems to go for the crab, but I don't. If you want crab I suggest sitting where you can watch them put it out. Hustle your butt to grab choice pieces before everyone else.Keep in mind the people seating you barely speak English. There's always a language barrier. They're really only there to clear plates away.You shouldn't look around too much while there. The whole place is pretty divey but the food is good & replaced often enough. If decor is important to you don't come here. If you just want to chow down on all sorts of cheap food goodness then drop by. You'll leave stuffed & happy.
3	Yea I know most buffet's are ronchy, the food is actually pretty good here. They have fresh sushi, crab legs, and plenty of shrimp. The bathroom stinks, but the food is good.
4	I've been back here several times since my original review way back in Feb. '09, so it seems about time to re-validate the place.  Mike C. joined me there today for lunch.About all there is to say is that nothing has changed much since my original review.  It's a big place, a little plain inside, & they serve up lots of real good food, including the sushi.  Chef What's-His-Name was right on top of things today, as always, & it's only $6.40/$5.76 Sr.  How can you go wrong?   :-))
4	Went here for lunch with Rand H. and this place is big for a chinese buffet , it is in the shell of an old Sizzler. The food here is pretty good i do not think i tried anything that was not at least average with most dishes above average.they had a couple of different items as well ,mexican chicken wings that tasted like they were cooked with oranges and shrimp balls that were pretty good..So yes i would go back even though it is not one of my favorite chinese buffet but it is a good one.
3	Good food, though I didn't find any of the dishes outstanding, and there were not as many offerings as I would have expected for a super buffet. The variety of dishes was pretty much what you would expect for an above-average Chinese buffet. The staff was very friendly, the restaurant spacious, and the meal was inexpensive and satisfying - a good meal at a good price.
2	I have been wanting to have Americanized Chinese for a week or so. After driving up 7th St. I stopped at this place. The place had faint wet-rag sort of smell to it, but it could have been that our booth seats were wiped with a wet rag right before as the seats were still glistening with water. The food is what it is and what you would expect, Nothing spectacular. They have the orange chicken, beef broccoli, spring rolls, and all those type of dishes, however not as assembly line and generic tasting as the Panda Express chains. One of the chicken dishes had chicken that tasted like the chicken was old or left out too long.  The bill for two of us dining including drinks(iced tea)was under $22.00 not including tip. Definitely cheap, however not worth more. The bottom line is if you are looking for a Americanized Chinese for cheap, then you have found the place.
5	Cant believe its a 2.5 average.  I work around central and Indian School and this is THE Chinese buffet for everyone here.  Plenty of selection and its always good.  The servers are polite and its cheap.  Think its around 7 bucks.  They recently renovated and its much nicer inside.  I have been there a ton of times and never been unsatisfied.  If someone has a Chinese buffet that beats it out on price and quality in this area please do tell!
5	I've been going here steadily for the last 10 years and it's by far the best chinese buffet in the valley. They've got tons of fresh sushi and any kind of food you want. The spicy chicken and sweet shrimp are my favorites. The place has been completely overhauled as of the last  months and it's never looked better. The owners are always on site, and if you want a specific kind of roll/sashimi/nigiri  they're very happy to accomodate you.
1	I shan't be returning.Their festive signage caught me on the way to another venue for lunch, and I thought "why not Chinese?"  I'll tell you why; or at least, why not to select this buffet.Being greeted on the way in with a "You are on camera" sign sure is welcoming.  I was quickly greeted, though, and directed to my seat.  My drink order was taken before I even sat down, which was nice.  Too many buffets have you walk in, sit down, select a beverage, stand up, and proceed to self-service, and it was nice to save a couple of steps.But then I got to the food.  Nearly everything had the congealed look of having been out too long; the skin on the surface of the sweet-and-sour sauce was rubbery and at least a half-centimeter thick.  Not exactly appetizing.  I did, however, find some acceptable-looking specimens and returned to my table.The warmest of the foods could only generously be called lukewarm; most of the chicken was marbled with glibbery wads of fat, and all the sauces tasted sugary and generic.  I could literally not tell the "orange chicken" from the "sesame chicken" from the "pepper chicken" by any sense other than sight.The rice was room-temperature, but I barely know this because as I was forking a mouthful of rice together on the plate, the alternately obsequious and intrusive waitstaff tried to take my plate out from under me (though, in retrospect, they may have been trying to save me).The fruit selection, which I also sampled, looked fine, but was in fact soggy and also room-temperature to lukewarm.They have a somewhat vast dessert selection -- particularly for a buffet -- but I'd more than had my fill.Walking toward the register, there was a prominent sign re-advising me that walk-outs are recorded and will be reported to the police and prosecuted.  There were three more similar signs at the register/gift shop (!).  Again, very welcoming.I won't be back, unless I'm told they're under new management.
2	From the vending machines in the entryway selling gun and lowrider stickers, to the white plastic menu board hung partially askew, to the cheap-ass jewelry on sale laying out on top of the cash register desk, to the toothpick wrappers and various other little pieces of garbage on the floor in the foyer, to the fish pond with a single sad (possibly dead) koi, just about everything in the place screams "We really don't give a crap". That's the first impression.Why 2 stars, then? Why not one?Because the food was actually not . .. that . . . bad.Still, if you're after Chinese buffet, try the one at 15th Av and Bethany instead.
2	Spot check on this place = now closed. I live in the area and cruise by once a week. When it was open it was ok at best.
1	I should have kept driving when we pulled in and there's paramedics with a huge Fire Engine in front of the restaurant with gobs of odd looking people standing around the commotion.  I wanted to look at the food before agreeing to sit down and at first glance it looked pretty decent compared to other chinese buffets I've been to.  But if I can offer one piece of advice, dont go there on Fridays for lunch....apparently every Friday morning they host the local nut house for a meal.  Don't get me wrong, it's a nice gesture but after being in the middle of two pretty intense verbal altercations that quickly turned violent, I knew this was going to be one of those experiences that I would write about on Yelp!  There were at least 50 people from the rehab center inside the restaurant trying to get food from the substandard buffet.  I should have also noticed something was "up" when I saw all the rehab vans parked in the parking lot.  But trying to keep an open mind, we continued to sit down and tried to eat our meal.  There were a lot of people shouting at each other and arguing, lots of mentally ill people glaring at us almost in an antagonistic manner.  Besides all that, the food was not super hot and was pretty gross and NOT cheap!  I would NOT recommend this place for it's food and especially not on Fridays if you don't want to get assaulted by a local mental patient.
3	It's been over two years since visiting this one & giving it an Update, so it was time to stop in here for lunch today.  I was joined by Robyn N. & Mike C.They have done a remodel on the place, replacing all of the booths, serving tables, blinds & so on, & it's nicer inside than it used to be.  The floor plan remains about the same.I counted 98 food items this time, plus sauces & dressings & most everything was good.  My rating for this one is slipping down a bit because the competition has become more intense during the last couple of years or so.  The new Chinese Buffets from Hibachi, China City & others have just raised the bar for earning 4 & 5 Stars.  This is still a good place though, & we all enjoyed having lunch here today.     :-))Lunch Buffet $6.99/$6.29 Sr.
3	Had lunch here today with Rand H and Mike C and compared to other Chinese buffets it's just okay.  Nothing was really bad (except the Lo Mein noodles that tasted like they cooked in a burnt pan) and nothing really stood out as being really good.  I guess they recently did the flooring, and I found it to be very slippery, not good when you're carrying plates of food.They had a decent selection of the typical items found on similar buffets.  I did find most of the appetizer stuff, like crab rangoon and pot stickers were a little too greasy.  The fried and breaded shrimp was tasty and I did like their style of egg foo yung.  The staff barely spoke English and when Mike asked what something on his plate was, our waiter thought he was asking for more and brought them to him.  The service was attentive, but would have been better if they understood what we were asking for.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here, but if I was in the area and hungry and wanting a Chinese buffet, I'd definitely give them another chance.
1	Went by this place last week and it is now closed down..Looked like they are preparing to raze the building.
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =Too bad this big Buffet closed.  We'll miss always watching Chef China almost frantically running around all the serving tables stirring, filling, & fussing over everything making sure everything was ok!     :-)
