4	While the long waits sometimes discourage me from going there, the food is absolutely amazing.  I haven't had anything there I didn't love.  Even better, there's a bluephies cookbook floating around town.  It should be worth picking up. Bluephies is so good, even a boring old turkey club is delicious, not that I'm dissing turkey clubs.  They're good, really.  Just sayin'.
3	Grade: C-Good service, decent prices, beautiful place can't make up for the over-engineered food. Just because you can put 50 different ingredients on a sandwich, doesn't mean you should. This waste of time brought to you by Food Fight Inc.
3	Decently good, but nothing sensational. These are the sentiments I had after a group of 9 friends and myself went. For being in a large group, the services was timely. However, I wasn't necessarily crazy about the sourdough bread and tomato cream cheese spread: I was just starved! They were sort of awkward flavors to pair together. The boneless spare ribs I ordered were flavorful and soft. However, the fat on them grossed me out as I had to cut off the lard and it accumulated into a pile. Yuck! And then for the finale: the much hyped chocolate chip cookie dough eggrolls. Paired with vanilla ice cream, it helps take the cloying sweetness down and the wow my teeth are going to dissolve feeling away. On the plus side, the sweet and slightly salty are excellent pairs, and this dessert is something you should only eat, like, once a year. I was able to happily get my way through 1 and a half, and then I was bouncing off the walls.
3	Bluephies is situated on a Monroe Street a couple miles off campus. I've been there twice ordering two different entrees. Both entrees i ordered were nothing special. If anything the food had too many herbs and a dictinct sauce base that was prevalent and distinguishable in both dishes. Vegetarian friendly which I enjoyed. I have to admit though their dessert makes this place worth going to. Their cookie dough eggrolls are absolutely delectable! Warmly served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. If you are a fan of cookie dough one bite will take you to cloud 9! A little expensive, friendly service and, no annoying water refilling.The atmosphere is nothing exciting unless you enjoy contemporary art with a mix of deep blues,purples and reds. The seats are uncomfy with absurdly long booths.
4	have been here twice.  Once for dinner which I thought was alright- nothing too special.  Second time for brunch which I was much more impressed with.
5	Dessert is fantastic!  I have tried a variety of menu items (vegetarian) and friends often love it as well.  I happen to love the bread and tomato spread.
5	yummmm! The food has been outstanding every time and they are super accomodating -- I've never had a problem squeezing in at the somewhat-last-minute with a group of friends.  Expect to see mostly late-twentysomethings/early thirtysomethings with children, although you'll get a good amount of the student crowd as well.  I've mostly been here for brunch, and I highly recommend the crab cake benedict, although everything I've tried has been outstanding.   Last time I branched out and got the black bean scrambler and it was SO GOOD.  Don't forget to wash it all down with a mimosa or one of their great coffee drinks.  And make sure to pick up an order of the cookie dough egg rolls on your way out.  They are seriously unbelievable!  Great for groups of any size, very laid back and a fun, lively place to eat!
4	If you looked up love in the dictionary, you'd find a picture of me hugging the outside of this building.  Seriously, try it out--I kid you not.  I can't stress enough how EXCELLENT the staff is here.  I was there early January this year and was met with the upmost kindness and concern for my satisfaction--and I wasn't even dining in...or grabbing dessert to go for that matter.  I came into Bluephies for directions.  I was lost!  I spent a good half hour walking in the neighborhood behind the restaurant looking for Crandall St because I am geographically challenged.  The kind gentleman who came to my aid deligently looked through the phone book maps trying to find the street because I didn't even know how to spell it much less pronounce it correctly.  I had lost my handy Google map directions and did not memorize the address.  He then proceeded to head back into the office to look up the street for me on the internet.  The restaurant was busy with eating, paying customers and I appreciated the time spent to help someone who was obviously not very street smart (literally) nor going to order food.Oh yes, that's right--this restaurant serves food as well alongside their EXCELLENT (Are we taking notes here?!) service.  I've only been there a couple of times for dinner and was very satisfied with the chicken pot pie and the Creole crab cakes.  Although many will shake their heads and say service alone cannot atest to 5 stars, I say it does when you're soaked through and the kindness of their staff helped thaw you out.  And for your regulars...is the brunette waitress's name Sarah?  I think I went to elementary school with her.  Not that I'm a stalker or anything but I didn't get a chance to talk to her while I was trying to figure out which direction I needed to go.  Someone should ask her if she's from Stevens Point, WI and then say you found out on Yelp.  Now that's freaky.  Oh yes, and for those of you who care, Crandall turned out to be almost directly across the street from the restaurant, yes that's right...completely the other direction.
2	Having read the other reviews here, I was expecting a lot better. Perhaps we ordered poorly? We tired two different soups, both of which were no more than mediocre. For the main course,  two different pastas. Both were bland, bordering on gross. Mine didn't have a "cream sauce," but rather, a milky, salty soup that the pasta soaked in. I haven't seen spinach so painfully overcooked since visiting my grandmother at the old-folks home. We ended with the chocolate-chip cookie dough egg rolls, which are the signature dessert. I'm glad I've had the experience, but I'm not sure if I ever need to have it again. They ride that thin like between decadent and disgusting.The pluses: Our waitress was warm and helpful, and the vibe seems very kid-friendly. My final impression was that this was a not-so successful local "Chili's."
4	I've been to Bluephies only a couple of times, but the meals both times were very good. The menu has a broad enough range of items so that most people you dine with will like something. Many of the items are very imaginative, but there are also popular standbys as well.
4	I love the food here.  Nothing that I've gotten has been less than my rating of "extremely damn delicious."  None of it particularly fancy or anything, but it has been consistently good.  If you want to be really gluttonous, try their dessert sampler platter that includes "cookie dough eggrolls" and "butterfinger wontons."  Both are as decadent as they sound.Their booths are ridiculously big.  I mean...too big to still be within the realms of sanity.  They'll actually seat two people at these monstrous tables!  It creates an awkward, strained air, as opposed to the cozy atmosphere that their colors suggest they're aiming for.  I hate that part of Bluephies.  Love everything else.
4	I was there on a Saturday around lunch time. I was a bit disappointed in how small the breakfast/lunch menu was, however the meals on that small menu all looked amazing. I had a really hard time figuring out what to order.They have a ton of vegetarian options and everything is labeled. They can even make some of their foods gluten free. (yay for diversity!)I ended up with the portabello mushroom sandwich and tomato basil soup.  This little veggie person here was thrilled to pieces that the soup was veggie based with no meat product.  And the sandwich was fabulous! They had an aoli spread that was to die for! I was disappointed when I realized I'd reached the end of my sandwich. (so sad it was gone!)My friend also ordered some bread that normally comes with the dinner entrees, but since it was brunch, we had to pay for it separately. The butter spread was the most amazing thing ever! It had fantastic flavor... They have a cookbook that they sell at the restaurant with the recipe. I can't wait to make it at home!!!Their prices were pretty reasonable for brunch. Not sure how the dinner menu is.
5	My husband and I have started making it a tradition to go to Madison near the end of July/beginning of August.  Friends of ours introduced us to Bluephies and we absolutely LOVE it.  We had gone for dinner.  Excellent.  On this trip, we made it for lunch.  I had the crab cake salad...absolutely wonderful.  Staff was pleasant.  AND it seems there is a new addition being made, so this location is now LARGER than before.
2	We recently visited Madison and went to Bluephies for dinner on the recommendation of our innkeeper.  We were disappointed.  The service was attentive, but the food was not very good.  My pasta was OK.  My wife's enchiladas were nearly inedible and hardly even resembled an enchilada.The atmosphere was noisy and industrial.  The bar drinks were meager pours and over-priced..  All the bottled wines are $30, but the list is over-represented with $7-$9 plonks.
4	Loved the place! I had the crab sandwich...which was HEAVEN ON EARTH.....but, on the other hand...at 12 bucks a pop...it better be....definitely pricey for a sandwich ...although they'd like 2 call it a "gourmet sandwich" ....but u know what...they'd be right!I like their decor too....pretty cool...friendly servers...all in all, if u dont mind spending over 10 bucks for a sandwich, i can't see y u won't have a good time!Oh, by the way, they have other stuff too like noodles, pastas and enchiladas...never tried those..
5	I went to Bluephies for breakfast, curious about their french toast creations. I ordered the stuffed french toast, which was sourdough french toast in cinnamon batter with a ricotta cream cheese stuffing with blueberry compote and powdered sugar on top. It was super delicious and I highly recommend it. I ordered the smaller order which came with two "stuffed" french toasts. It was amazing! My boyfriend got the Jambalaya, and he liked it. I liked the decor. Service was decent, considering the number of staff they had working and the fact that it was sunday morning.
2	I had a hard time deciding between a 1 or 2 star rating.  I went to Bluephies a lot 3 years ago for brunches and lunches and pretty much enjoyed my experience (3-star).  I moved out of the neighborhood and was never inspired to trek up Monroe St after that. However I went last week and the entire experience ranged from average to awful.  The awful: The menu was short -- but in my experience that's often a good thing.  I chose the peppercorn crusted tuna steak... ack. This dish isn't for peppercorn lovers -- it's for people to like to eat, drink, and wash with peppercorns.  It was just way too much and sort of spoiled the taste of the meat.  My sides were both strongly flavored, over-spiced, and did NOT compliment each other.  (considering my mouth was on fire from chomping down on those little peppercorny-treats)The okay: The service was attentive, it took a reasonable amount of time for our food to come out, the restaurant was clean. My dining companion rated his black bean burger as average. My dining companion and I appreciated that the drink menu had a few unique local beers on it... they were the best part.
4	Got the crab cake benedict here.  Yes it sounds a little fancy pants for breakfast, but it was superb.However, the big winner was the banana something or other my friend ordered.  I am not usually a sweet breakfast person, but this morning I made a mistake in not getting this thing.  Diabetics beware, you'd probably go into a coma if you ate this thing.  For the rest of us...enjoy!
3	I was in Madison for the holiday weekend and popped into Bluephies for a bite; it'd been since college since I'd visited last.  The space is much larger; definitely welcome as I remember it being a bit cramped.  As another reviewer noted, there are plenty of vegetarian options; I opted for a scrambler with portobello mushrooms, tomatoes, and feta cheese.  It was tasty though I think that I would've done something different with the side potatoes...there was something missing that I just couldn't quite put my finger on.  One other plus is that there is some nice boutique shopping just up the street from Bluephies; if you have some time, you could make a few hours of it.
4	Took my college daughter and her friend for dinner here last weekend. They have raved about the place and I wanted to treat them. I had the artichoke-olive salmon with the green pea risotto and it was so, so, so so good. SO GOOD.One girl had the chicken enchiladas, the other had a big crab cake salad. Thumbs up from both.  The bread with the sun-dried tomato spread looked delicious but I did not partake.The desserts on other peoples' tables looked enormous and decadent.
2	Recently, I needed a place in the neighborhood to have brunch with 18 other people, and Bluephies was the choice.  We made a reservation weeks in advance.  The service and accommodations were beyond fantastic. Our meals came out at about the same time; beverages were refilled in a timely manner. We were able to stay as long as we wanted and the 18 of us had a great time.  HOWEVER, the food was Perkins-grade greasy average-ish. Someone was repulsed enough to send their meal back and just stick with the coffee.  Still underwhelmed with the food and cannot justify adding any stars.
5	I'm giving it a 5 for desserts, because I had the best dessert of my LIFE here: Bluephies' original chocolate chip cookie dough egg rolls.You may ask yourself, who would have thought to take cookie dough, roll it into a wanton wrapper, and fry it? And put it with a side of vanilla ice cream as your dipping sauce? A sweet tooth genius...or in other words, a member of the staff at Bluephies. The waitress noticed how my friend and I had reached a new plane of enlightenment upon taking our first bite into the dessert, and we just had to ask her the story behind the creation. It turns out, the cook was making fun of one of the staff member's eating habits. The staff member was described as a slim lady with "an appetite of an 8-year old boy." She would eat cookie dough on whim and as a prank on the cook, she put some of the cookie dough into the deep fryer. The cook pulled out the fried dough, tasted it, and thought, "wow, this isn't bad". So voila! The birth of a dessert masterpiece.And as for the other food, it's pretty good. I had the chicken fig sandwich and a "flight" (three shots) of different Bluephies signature martinis. The martinis were fruity. The sandwich looked enticing on the menu with its fig spread, though upon consumption, it reminded me more of a standard monte cristo. Still, you can't really go wrong with the food.I suggest coming here for the drinks and DESSERTS!
5	Bluephies, like Harvest which I just reviewed, has managed to spark considerable disagreement in its own respectable demographic. Some people think it's overpriced, overrated as a Madison hot spot, frequently inconsistent, very hit or miss service. If you had asked me before their recent renovation I would have agreed more with that side. But shortly after that renovation I went there and had an amazing dinner I didn't think Bluephies was capable of producing. I thought maybe it had finally turned to rounding out those issues that a restaurant of its citywide acclaim should have no problems with. Following this great dinner, I went back for another and the dish I got was totally made with the wrong ingredients, same kiesh different goodies. I had never sent a dish back before but this was simply not the dish I wanted at all. The waitress offered to bring me something else for free, but in the essence of time I settled with it. The incident though, actually raised my opinion of Bluephies, because after the waitress apologized, the manager came out to see me and apologized also. It was good business to come out sure, but more so she really cared that I didn't get what I asked for. No one wants to wait while everyone in your party eats because you're waiting for a second attempt at your plate--she totally understood this. So I came away with actually a higher opinion of the place from the way it was handled and the freeness. Realistically, they are probably still having kitchen/wait staff communication breakdowns at times. I've had servers go MIA for 20 minutes. But the fact is Bluephies usually serves a mean brunch and when it's on, its RIGHT on. A nice alternative to the mess of Mickey's though it can have equal wait time. Since the renovations, the upgrade to their dinner menu and their continually very solid brunch Bluephies has earned the right to sit in the pantheon of Madison restaurants. I hope they keep improving this place and it's still around in twenty years because it's already been building that kind of legacy.
1	I've been to Bluephies many, many times.  What kept me going back was the food - it is pretty damn good.  The prices are CRAZY, though - this is a DINER in MADISON not Aix en Provence. Unfortunately, the service is TERRIBLE!!!  During one visit, the patrons at the table next to us started changing their baby's diaper on the TABLE - the wait staff was unable to intervene - so my husband and I had to say something.  Who wants to see a baby's ass during dinner? not to speak of air-borne illnesses landing in our food ~ 3 feet away.
4	I've been here twice and got the same burger each time. It was good each time.  The desserts are pretty good...I'd recommend them.
5	Talk about a damn, fine breakfast. I was half starving after waiting for a Breakfast at my hotel that didn't happen. Before I collapsed of Starvation, the wonderful C.R. found Bluephies for us. There was a local Marathon that ended in the area, so we had to climb over all of the sore and crippled runners to get in the door. There was a short wait, but the hostess was nice enough to give us a couple of cups of coffee in the waiting area. The interior was beautifully decorated in a 80's style that would make Robin Leach smile. There are lots of windows, so the sunlight shined in beautifully. We had a wonderful server that kept us wired with coffee. I ordered the meat-lovers skillet which was filled with all kind of goodies that made my tummy happy. Bluephies is now our official Breakfast restaurant of Madison. I would not want to go anywhere else.
4	OK, so this place offers amazing breakfasts (I had an egg dish with green onions, spinach, feta and giant pieces of artichoke that also came with 4 pieces of toast and a massive pile of potatoes all of which rocked and made for enough breakfast the next day!).  We had the cutest and snarkiest waitress who was on top of her game even with a packed room, and basically had an all around pleasant meal. My problem is with the decor of this joint.  Did someone write in another review that this is newly remodeled?  Um, OK I know what goes around comes around but this place is straight outta Los Angeles 1985.  And are the '80's really this much back in style?  Yikes! Bright, ghastly colours, big waves of steel across the ceiling, crazy, multicoloured "art glass" on every available ledge or shelf.  I half expected Jon Cryer's character Ducky to come in any moment with his rolled pants and popped collar.  Too bad there is no option to eat outside because I would like to come back, I just dont know if I can afford the expense of my eyesight on that colour palette a second time.
4	We took a party of five - 4 adults and a preschooler - for dinner last night, and we had some terrific food. The martini flight is a cute idea, and they have a nice selection of beers.  We loved the bread with sun-dried tomato spread, and the rice balls were a pleasant surprise - I hate fried balls of starch (a la mac and cheese bites), but these were excellent. The ravioli with duck confit and dried cranberries was very good. We thought the meat might be dark-meat turkey, but either way - it was tasty. My brother-in-law enjoyed his enchiladas, and while the stuff under them made for a lovely presentation, they did not offer much in the flavor department. The sweet potato quesadilla was different and good. The bowling alley burger and kids meal were fine. Same deal with the soup and gazpacho. Our server was delightful. There was a pretty big back-up in the kitchen, and she kept us updated and supplied with bread (and apologized for the wait) . After our food finally arrived, I found that two of the ravioli were empty, and one was nearly so. I told the waitress, who appeared mortified and offered to bring a few more. The kitchen made a new, perfectly composed entree in record time, and we all enjoyed what was now a super-sized order of ravioli. The waitress apologized for the lack of quality multiple times, and she made sure that the issue was corrected to my satisfaction without making me feel like a whiner.  The place doesn't have much wiggle room, but the booths are big enough to keep you from feeling crowded, and we were able to carry on conversations without interference from noise in the restaurant. The bathroom was great - I realize this is a lame criterion to rate, but the moms of the world will understand.
4	Great food, soup and deserts. Had nice burger and great soup. Lot of variety on the menu, but make sure you save room for desert. A lot of great deserts, but I went for the very odd but tasty cookie dough egg rolls.I thought they were going to be made with phyllo dough, but was more true to an egg roll dough. In fact even had a bit of the smell of an egg roll, maybe due to the oil used. They were deep fried. Results is nice crisp outside, and gooey hot cookie dough inside. Topped off with chocolate dipping sauce, and some ice cream.
3	Pluses of Bluephies -- good place to get a table for a lot of people, very friendly to small kids.  Very broad menu, so very unlikely anyone wouldn't find something to eat here.Minuses.  Since there are tons of kids here, it would probably be an annoying place for people who find kids annoying.  More importantly:  everything I've ever eaten here tastes about 75% as good as I expected it to from the description on the menu.  Nothing's really wrong with the food here; it's just -- not that great.
4	Bluephies food is always good but the real reason to visit this spot is because of their desserts. They have some of the best desserts I have ever tried. I am not even that big of a dessert fan but they have so many different good ones, their apple crisp melts in your mouth and their gluten free flourless chocolate cake is surprisingly delicious. Their best dessert though are their Bluephies Originals, specifically their chocolate chip cookie dough egg rolls. They are served with vanilla custard and chocolate sauce and every time I go I can not help but getting them, they are that good. They also have other creative desserts including Butterfinger wontons, dessert sushi, and Oreo ravioli. Trust me, if you are a dessert person (and even if your not) this place is a great place to hit when in Madison.
3	Desserts are amazing. Brunch potions were huge. Service has always been friendly, and every time I'm there with friends they offer to split our check.Dinner-wise I was extremely impressed, and for whatever reason, it's not a place I would choose to go all the time.
5	The butter and bread that come with the meals are worth five stars alone. But the rest of the food is also delicious, I never really have a problem getting a table and it's in a cute area. A date-night staple when I lived in Madison and one of the restaurants I try to hit whenever I get back there.
4	I've only been here for dinner but so far every time I've come here I've never been disappointed. The food is somewhat contemporary and they make some unique dishes, like black bean & goat cheese enchilada!! Yum!!The bar is stocked too and they always make a stiff drink; plus they have bacon infused vodka (made with real bacon) which makes a KILLER bloody mary.
2	I went here for dinner and while everything seems to rave about how contemporary and interesting the food is,  but there's a word for it and it's "off".  Things were sweet when they shouldn't have been.  The combination doesn't work and the food ends up lacking something that pulls the plate together.  When the free bread and butter are the best things I ate that night, something is wrong.   I split the risotto and a combo plate of spinach and chicken enchiladas. The service is nice and other people seem to enjoy themselves there, so maybe it's just me (though I highly doubt that).  I have chocolate cake sitting in the fridge so hopefully that's tasty.Update: the chocolate cake was bomb.  It had five layers of chocolate cake with chocolate frosting/icing.  I'm a fan of rich chocolate flavor... SO BOMB.  But it was over $6 so... still two stars for the other crap-tacular food.
3	Everything you read in the previous reviews is spot on and that is why my wife and I visited on a Sunday afternoon. The menu is very creative and the plates are colorful, the room is kind of cool and funky. Neither of us really felt that the food was that good.I had a fish taco and whatever my wife had was bland, she was sick of it by the end of the meal.
4	Food is terrific. Service is laid back but responsive. Definitely recommended. Would be 5 stars, but it's a bit spendy.
3	We have been dining @ Bluephies for 13 yrs now. It's been the ONLY restaurant that we would dine at. A great menu, laid back, but interesting atmosphere. The best Bloody Mary's we have had. However, the last two times we have been there, one of them being two weeks ago, we noticed that the quality of the food, both taste and preparation, were off...  One time, it's an off day. Twice, and we start to worry. The next time we go to Madison, we will skip them to give someone else a chance. We won't abandon them, but, if the next time we go... If it's off.... We will be upset... We live an hour and a half away, and we have driven there, just to dine... Tighten it up.....
4	Bluephies had me at "Vodkatorium". Seriously, I was visiting from Dallas and happened to pick up one of those tourist mags in the hotel lobby to combat boredom. When I saw the ad I couldn't help channel Liz Lemon and exclaim " I want to go to there!". I Yelped it first, however, and was a little concerned over the wide array of ratings, but figured I would take my chances. I'm glad I did.The 40 some-odd vodkas in house certainly sparked my interest. They have varieties that are hard to find here in Dallas, including Three Olives Vanilla, one of my faves, and some interesting "microbrews". This lead me to some specialty martinis. I started with the Pin Up Girl in honor of my sweetie back home. The concoction featured Pear Grey Goose, Limocello, and ginger syrup. That combination seemed tricky but my mixmaster made it into something fantastic. I capped the evening with a Carrot Cake Martini, complete with cream cheese frosting rim. I hate sweet rims but come on....CREAM CHEESE FROSTING. It was the perfect compliment the cocktail.Food, you ask? I stuck with appetizers. The sliders were average but admittedly it was my fault for ordering them because the small patties always arrive done past my taste. The carmelized onion one had potential as a full-fledged burger, however. Then there were the Fried Rice Balls, made with risotto and gouda cheese. Damn! I live in Texas, we fry everything. Why have we never done this? Moist and flavorful, these little gems were accompanied by some dipping sauce, which I quickly discarded as useless in comparison to these wonderful bites.Bluephies will be the top of my list of places to visit when I return to Madison
3	The best thing about Bluephies is their dessert.  I love the chocolate chip cookie dough egg rolls.  The dinner isn't bad but I feel like a majority of the dishes are either a hit or a miss.  It's also pretty spendy.  The service was alright and overall it was a  nice place.
3	I used to really love Bluphies, but about 2 years ago (around when they renovated) I feel like they lost their charm. Their dinner entrees got much more expensive and lacked their original substance. It's still solid, but not a regular for us anymore.
3	Chicken apple walnut sandwich is pretty tasty. Butterfinger wontons are my favorite dessert.
4	Had a good, hearty meal here while visiting. We ordered a cobb salad and chicken pot pie - both very tasty. Big booths and friendly service.
4	One word - Vodkatorium.The vodka menu at this place is a force to be reckoned with!  And when they call it a vodkatorium, how do you pass up taking a peek into this posh-styled diner?  I suppose they have food, too.  I've only tried the mediterranian pasta, which was good, albeit a little greasy for a pasta.  But seriously, this place is about the vodka.  Hands down.
2	We went for dinner. I ordered the seared tuna, he ordered the burger. The tuna was ok and the burger seemed more well-received. We were looking for a nice dinner out on a Friday night, and I think the problem was that it wasn't the kind of place we were looking for. From reading the other reviews, it seems like this is a popular brunch spot. We also noticed they had won "Best Lunch" in Madison, so I think we just chose incorrectly for a nice dinner out! We will give it another try since we live so close by.
3	Ate here for lunch.  Ordered the Monte Cristo, which was not your traditional Monte cristo, as it had guacamole and tomatoes.  It was generally good.  I substituted the fries with asparagus frites, which were relatively underwhelming - a pretty tasteless beer batter surrounding asparagus that was a little soggy.  My friend had the shrimp quesadilla, which was spicy, but a bit rubbery (he really liked it though).  The redeeming factor here was dessert. We got some cookie dough eggrolls which were pretty tasty, though we argued whether or not it was homemade or just a cheap toll-house type of cookie dough.   Overall, I'd go back, but probably would order something else.
1	I've been out in California for the last three years, but I lived in Madison back when Bluephies first opened in 1994, and have sampled it pretty regularly over the various chef/menu changes.  The last time I came here for dinner, it was a pleasure. I associated Bluephies with fresh local greens, unique flavors that favored aioli and tapenade over mayo, and especially over-the-top breakfast yumminess. Alas, whatever's happened to dinner in the last year and a half, is totally depressing.  My fiance, my mother, and my two stepkids and I went the last night (8/11) we were in Madison before flying back here.  I ordered an apple chicken walnut salad sandwich, which used to be a pretty awesome blend of aioli and a locally baked croissant with mixed greens, with an interesting presentation.What I got, was something substandard to the airport food that we had at Denver International Airport, and more expensive to boot.  The chicken salad was totally overwhelmed with mayo, the lettuce flabby, and the croissant one of those commercial flabby affairs.  The kids menu dinner items were horrifying; the cheese quesadilla and pizza were microwaved and pretty darn tiny.  My mother's the most forgiving person when it comes to restaurants, but her salmon wasn't good either.  My fiance's meal was totally over-mayoed as well. The waitress staff were good, and one waitress who had been there for 2 1/2 years said that it wasn't what it used to be.  And when we complained about the quality of the food, they took off one plate from the price.  I know times are tough, but even out here people have the sense that if you want people to try to get you to ever come back, you should comp the whole meal, or at least offer a free dinner the next time around.I've used Yelp a bunch of times to check out restaurants ahead of time, but this meal inspired me to actually start up my own account.
3	Always a staple in Madison. Easy enough for quick and good lunch.Nothing too fancy. Had the Cobb Burger on my last trip and have no complaints. Diverse menu that will let you try new things every time you go back.
2	I haven't been all that impressed with Bluephies.  The food was fine, but overpriced for what we received.  I think I paid about $14 for a salad with grilled chicken.  The decor was interesting but I wasn't really feeling the ambiance.  I stopped by another time for their famous desserts and was again somewhat disappointed.  The cookie dough egg roll, Oreo ravioli, and Butterfinger wontons didn't live up to expectations.  You can get an edible meal here, but the price-value equation is a little off.
3	Dropped in for lunch the Friday of homecoming weekend. After reading other reviews before arriving, I will agree that the decor/atmosphere does make me feel like I am in an early nineties restaurant - a la Saved By the Bell's cafeteria/restaurant hang out. The vodka list is pretty impressive. Granted we planned to drink all evening long and it was 2:00, we opted for coffee and water. The server kept our coffees warmed frequently until we told her we had enough :}I had the Portobella Sandwich - came with mushrooms, tomatoes, roasted peppers, mozz, and some other vegies on grilled bread. Twas very tasty and I didn't feel guilty eating nearly the entire thing. Sweet potato fries were delicious, non greasy per usual, and came with a great spicy dipping sauce. Or was that for the sandwich? Whatevs, it was good.Dining partner had a standard burger with roasted potatoes. The burger was nothing special but hit the spot, and tasted like your ordinary burger. The roasted potatoes looked appetizing, but tasted super oily. I don't know if we'd get those again.Bluephie's is in a cute location. I don't know if I'd stop here again on my annual Fall weekend in Madison but if I needed a quick basic meal in a cinch I would at least know of this place.
4	This was my first taste of Madison during my recent road trip and I loved it!  I insisted to my husband that we must come here to try out the infamous Cookie Dough Egg Rolls, but I didn't know their lunch fare would be so delicious, too!  We love love loved the butternut squash soup, which had such a rich depth of spices.  My crab sandwich with aoili sauce was to die for.  Hubby's chicken mac and cheese was decent.  We liked the Cookie Dough Egg Rolls, which came with a side of creamy vanilla custard; however, I have to say I do not agree that they should be award winning.  I thought the melty texture of the cookie dough inside was a bit offputting and the wonton wrappers lacked flavor.  But hey, I won't argue with any desssert that involves cookies, chocolate, and custard.  The cakes in the bakery case, such as the Carrot Cake, Chocolate or Raspberry Explosion (Eruption?) Cakes, and the Red Velvet Cake looked extremely sinful and I so wish I would have indulged in a slice of cake instead.  If I am in Madison ever again, I will definitely be back for cake at Bluephies.A couple other notes - service was pretty poor and the decor is an upscale diner atmosphere, very much like Saved by the Bell as someone else mentioned.  I would say it's a good family breakfast or lunch place, but not a date place.
3	we went here last night for dinner with my cousin and his girlfriend. i wasn't really sure what to expect aside from the vodka offerings, but was pleasantly surprised.we started off with appetizers of bread and dinner donuts. the bread was ok but the garlicky, sundried tomato spread it was served with was really yummy. the dinner donuts were also good - artichokes and soft cheese breaded and fried into little balls of deliciousness (although the order was only four donuts - not really enough for four people). i ordered the pumpkin ravioli but they were out of it, so i opted for the chicken pot pie instead. it was SO good. nice and thick and stewy, seasoned just right. it was topped with a few croissant triangles. the portion looked deceivingly small but ended up being more than enough. my boyfriend ordered the meat loaf, my cousin had the squash rotolo, his girlfriend ordered the risotto, and everyone loved their meals.a word to the wise: avoid the drinks listed on the little yellow card. my cousin ordered a maverick - some pink concoction served in a martini glass and made with absinthe - which tasted like a rotting asshole. the other drinks on the yellow card looked just as bad, and had me reminiscing about drink "recipes" that we came up with when we were broke college kids and/or trying to clean out the liquor cabinet. aside from the yellow card drinks and the dated decor/logo, bluephie's is alright by me.
4	I love this place- esp. the breakfast. I started out with a Fat Boy bloody mary. It has bacon. And string cheese. Yum. I ordered the crab Benedict and it was delicious. My dining partners ordered the Denver scramble and prime rib hash. Both said their meals were great. We ended the meal with cookie dough egg rolls. They are evil, but soooo goood. My usual favorite dessert is their 6 layer carrot cake. One thing to remember is that the wait on Sunday morning is long. Do not walk in and expect to be seated in less than a half hour. They have a lounge area where you can get drinks while you wait which makes the time go a little faster.
1	The first time I went to Bluephies has to be almost 10 years ago, since I lived in the neighborhood back then. It was a good place to take the kids, but I never loved it, so when I moved out of the area I didn't go back. Until recently, that is. The kids and I decided to go a few months ago. Maybe it was a really, really bad night for the kitchen. We decided to do appetizers for dinner since the kids didn't find anything that appealing on the dinner menu. We had the fried little rice balls, which were heavily coated, not hot, barely had any cheese in the center, and bland. We tried the mini pork dumplings which actually had a weird fermented taste and fortunately are not on the menu anymore, because even if they had arrived hot, they still would have tasted off. The mac and cheese bites were, you guessed it, not hot, and also surprisingly boring. And the trio of sliders was (again) not hot, and the burgers tasteless and overcooked. We didn't try dessert because we were so fed up with how bad the food was that we just wanted to leave. I hope that the desserts are still good.Oh, I almost forgot - I also gave brunch a try a few months back as well. I mean, how could both meals be bad? After waiting 45 minutes, when we tried to order breakfast we were told that they were out of the andouille sausage that is featured in no fewer than 3 of their brunch dishes. They could have mentioned that when we were seated, but they didn't. And then, I kid you not, they were out of the brunch special that I tried to order (but again, didn't mention it ahead of time). And we weren't there at the very end of the brunch service. This was around 10:00. The food we did get was decent, but after the wait, then having to both rethink our choices because the staff hadn't stocked properly, it just seemed like a waste of money.I won't be going back. Why so many people love this place is beyond me, but since most people rave about the drinks, I have to assume they make up for lack of good food for some people. Sadly, not for me.
5	Great food, excellent wait staff. The menu was varied and really interesting. I look forward to going there again soon.
2	A star for service and a star for the dessert. Went for dinner...Food wasn't very impressive at all.  I ordered the black bean and goat cheese enchiladas, but it turned out to be small, soggy, and literally had no trace of goat cheese (not to mention it cost 13 dollars).  I went with a group of friends, and to summarize, the food was mediocre at best.  However, the desserts are amazing.  Bottom line: don't go here to eat, especially if you're on a budget and/or hungry.  Go here for dessert, and take it to go somewhere else.
2	My first two star rating that I have ever given...I came here on an interview dinner for the University of Wisconsin.  Although I love Madtown, I gotta say this restaurant was a poor choice.  The food was a meager attempt at fusion with an odd blend of flavors.  It may have just been the particular dishes on a particular night, but things just didn't taste right.  The food was overly salty or sweet as well.With that being said, it seems that others enjoy the restaurant so take my advice with a grain of salt.
4	Very unique.
2	First I am reviewing dinner - I think Bluephies has breakfast with different food that may possibly be better so if you're considering it for breakfast, I have no idea if that is good or not.I really really really wanted to like this place.  I don't consider myself that picky of a diner.  Everything, from the menu variety, to the off-campus location, to the reviews seemed to speak of a great spot with lots of good food - But No Such Luck.None of the food that we got was that good.  It was so sad - the menu is so big and varied we had a hard time even picking something to eat, and in our excitement, my three friends and I each got an appetizer AND a dinner, and an extra appetizer, and planned on getting dessert.  Food review:Dinner Donuts - fried balls of artichokes and cheesy-ness - these were decentTater Tots - hash brown balls - they were decentStuffed potatoes with gorgonzola - tasted like a bland room temp potato on weird sweet stuff - didn't workFat fries - fries with a tin of lard w/bacon for you to attempt to dip a fry into (you couldn't, it was the exact consistency of shortening - also not that tasty)  One of my friends enjoyed this so maybe it's personal taste...Crab Cake sandwich - fishy - ate two bites - by then I was super full from the appetizers, but then I also didn't take it home.  The seasoned fries that came on the side were great!  Baked mac & Cheese - surprisingly tasteless with dry panko on top and huge broccoli that was hard to eat - lots of cheese but it just tasted off.  Big disappointment :(Crab cake salad - fishy-ish crab cakes on a salad - the salad was claimed to be good by my friend who ordered it.Unfortunately, out of all the food we ordered we all said we wouldn't order it again - and that says something for 6+ dishes.  This place might be good for appetizers or vodka - but we weren't really happy with our dinners :(
2	High expectations, complete disappointment.Bluephies seems to be in the midst of an identity crisis. Stylish dishes that don't live up to the expectations, expensive food in a diner environment, & risky food combinations that completely fail.Wouldn't recommend eating dinner here but the desserts did look splendid. Unfortunately my group was entirely disappointed in dinner which we had already spent a fortune on, so we skipped dessert.Nothing we ate was above average, actually the majority of it was inedible.  We ordered a ton of food for our group - the only item I enjoyed out of 8 appetizers and dinners was a hash brown appetizer.  My friends had entire (expensive) meals left at the end of dinner and declined to take their left overs home because the food was just that bad.Environment... kitsch.  90's style cafeteria-spaceship-coffee shop, certainly trying to be something it is so clearly not.  The food on the menu appears to be sophisticated but the ambiance is the exact opposite.  Lots of families were eating when we went, which meant tons of children running around - not what you expect for such a seemingly elegant and pricey menu.Way too expensive for the poor quality of food.  Don't be fooled by the promising menu as it completely fails to live up to its mouth-watering nature.  Not likely to go back, unless it's to try their breakfast or dessert.
4	Came here for a date night on Saturday for the first time. All of the servers/hostesses had smiling, welcoming faces. The menu is quite varied, and I think that a large group would be satisfied with the options. We decided to go all out, getting an appetizer, dinner, and dessert. The appetizer we chose was very good, jalapeno peppers stuffed with chicken and wrapped in bacon and fried. These were served on top of bluephie's 'tortilla salad', which is tortilla chips with (extra) oil and onion and peppers. This was a bit awkward to eat, but it was tasty. I had the duck tacos, which consisted of duck confit with pickled ginger slices, asian slaw, and black bean 'crema' piled into 3 flour tortillas. On the side was more 'tortilla salad' and a heaping pile of black beans. I felt as though the sides didn't really complement the asian style tacos, and there was an awful lot of liquid left on the plate from the asian slaw. I wound up eating my meal 'salad style'. All of these minor issues aside, the duck confit and slaw were fantastic. My boy had the 'wisconsin sushi' which was meat aplenty, served with mashed potatoes and lightly sauteed spinach. He was very satisfied with his dish, and licked the plate clean. For dessert we were served the largest slice of carrot cake I've ever seen. Somewhat of a carrot cake aficionado myself, this was very good and VERY moist. We took most of it home and enjoyed it the following day (still as moist as it was the previous evening). My biggest complaint is that the bread served in the complimentary bread basket was clearly the same type of frozen prebaked roll you can find at the grocery store. However, the tomato/herb compound butter served alongside was quite tasty.This is not 'fine dining', but the food is solid and has unique flavor combinations. The people are nice and the desserts are fantastic! We will be back to try the items we missed on the menu (quack quack--grilled duck and brie sandwich? shrimp jambalaya quesadilla? raspberry explosion?)
5	I'm a big fan of Bluephies.  They always have some interesting flavor combinations and tasty specials.  Their desserts are quite good, too, but definitely plan to share them with someone.  Their chicken chili, served typically only in the fall/winter, is so delicious.  All around good place with lots of options on the menu!
3	The best feature of this restaurant-bar is the atmosphere.  It's a laid-back fun sorta place good for a casual date, a quick drink, or a dinner for a family of four.  As it is a popular catch-all type of atmosphere, you'll most likely need a reservation unless you like eating your meals from the hours of 2-5pm.The food is pretty decent with a lot of interesting choices with some old classics in there for good measure.  Nothing will blow you away, but nothing will have you running for the door either.The 3-star review is mostly on account of the dessert menu.  After responding "yes" to the waiter's request of dessert, we made some choices and when it came time to order, they were out of over HALF the choices.  Slightly annoying and would have been useful to say something up front...
5	Awesome brunch experience. I had the breakfast jambalaya - it was excellent, full of flavor. I had trouble deciding what to order with all the delicious sounding, unique items on the menu. Gotta love a place that offers 4 different versions of eggs benedict, YUM!  Great service as well. Will definitely be coming back, maybe to try their dinner menu sometime.
2	My wife and I came here trying to diversify our restaurant portfolio.  Food across the board was okay.  Lettuce a little brown, rolls very out of bag from store feeling.  Many things lacked flavor when the creative names and combos made me expect something bold.  I'm not sure what some of the yelpers liked so much ?  The snickers pie was blah.  My salad was plain.  My wifes quiche was like a frozen pot pie. I liked my app, but not so much I'd order it twice.  The only thing we like was our butter finger shake, but madison has a few thousand places to get custard.  Our server was nice and helpful, but lacked courage in guiding our selection.  Not a awful experience, but not very good.  Would not give 2nd try.
3	A 3.5 is more like what I would like to give it because while the food was not that impressive, the ambience of the restaurant was a big reason that I revisited it.I went to Bluephies twice the first time ordered some pasta that I can't remember now and more recently, i got the grilled portobello. During that visit, i changed my previously positive impression on Bluephies :(First of all, we were seated pretty quickly but our waitress acted very abruptly and pretty much drew me out of the mood for a quiet, laid-back meal. She went away for a good 10 minutes and came back with very freshly baked rolls. Then she came back 10 minutes later with a very good in-house tomato basil butter. But by that time, i had already been done with a roll so I had to stuff myself with a second roll only to try that amazing butter... Not exactly complaining but it would have been nice if she had brought out the special butter earlier because after the rolls and the soup (which was lentil and very good), by the time i got to the entree i was rather full. As for the sandwich itself, the mushrooms were excellent and yet they didn't go well with the sauce, which was to my taste, too tangy and too randomly spreaded on a slice of tomato. Other than that, the mozzarella was amazing with the mushrooms. My friend got the crab sandwich and she liked it.Overall, Bluephies has gone downhill in the recent years and I am very sad to see that! To be fair, they always have good desserts and if you enjoy wine and other spirits they have a wide selection of those. It was pretty loud the last time I went there but the booth seats could still be great for dates and intimate dinner for two.
4	Another favorite for brunch.  I love the crab benedict. They usually have good specials as well.  You can tell that they use fresh, quality ingredients.  We've been here many, many times and always enjoyed it and always had great service.
4	since the downtown location of cafe continental closed, we've been looking for another good brunch spot (the old fashioned is still our favorite, but we need to mix it up sometimes). even though i wasn't overly impressed with their dinner, we decided to give bluephie's a shot for brunch, and i'm really glad we did. it was a sunday morning and it was busy, so we waited at the bar. the fat boy bloody maries were excellent and came with a ridiculous amount of salad, bacon and string cheese (although they make them with zing zang, which is kind of cheating in my book). my only real complaint about the bloodies is that they charge extra for a chaser, which is kind of lame.we were seated and ordered our food. my boyfriend had breakfast jambalaya, our friend had bananas foster french toast, and i had the crab benedict. my meal was wonderful, from the crispy spinach garnish to the side of perfectly seasoned potatoes. everyone else was happy with their meals as well. our waitress was great and we never went without drinks or waited for our check to come. i'm happy to say that bluephie's has redeemed itself in my eyes (and my stomach). we'll be back for brunch, for sure.
4	I dont live in the area, but if I'm ever back, Bluephies will certainly be getting another visit from me.  You know it's a good sign when it takes you ten minutes to order because the entire menu looks so good you can't decide on what to order.My boyfriend and I settled on the black bean scramble and the banana pecan pancakes.  Um - YUM.  The black bean scramble was absolutely delicious - basically like the inside of a breakfast burrito, but without the tortilla, and instead topped with tortilla chip strips.  The tortilla strips added a great texture to the scramble and the spicy tomato salsa that came on it added great flavor.The banana pecan pancakes were fluffy and delicious.  The insides of the pancakes are actually stuffed with the banana, making them moist and delicious in every bite, topped with syrup and pecans.My only misstep was ordering the flight of Bloody Mary's.  One bloody mary costs $8.75, but they do a flight (sampling of 3) for only $10, so thought I'd check it out.  Maybe it was just because I had OD-ed on cheese curds the night before, but I definitely didn't have the wherewithall to stomach three, very large, "samplings" of the Chipotle, Horseradish and Traditional bloody marys.  If I went again, I'd just order the Horseradish one (the Traditional just tasted like tomato juice and nothing else).  My boyfriend ordered the spiced cider and that was also quite yummy.Great meal, great service and great prices.  If I'm back in Madison in the future, I'll be back at Bluephies as well!
4	the food at bluephies is just okay.  i give this place four stars for their awesome bloody mary's and desserts, particularly the big fat chocolate cake slice.  i always go here for the fat boy bloody mary.  it's made with bacon-infused vodka and comes with a slice of bacon, string cheese, asparagus, mushrooms, onions, olives, and celery.  i don't even need a meal when i get this drink.  it's pretty much the best i've ever had, and i usually get a bloody marry in every city i visit!  the chocolate cake is really good.  it's not overly sweet so you can actually eat more of it without getting too much of a sugar kick.  i always come here when i need one or both of these things, that's about it.  the quiches and salads are good as is the ooey gooey pasta.  don't come here if you are on a diet!
2	Hearts topping and not even worth it. Food was surprisingly bad. I had pork and Mac grill cheese which didn't work on many levels. My son's chicken fingers were better than my dish.
1	This place really disappointed me. I've been here several times in the past, but I shan't be returning. We ordered some appetizers, two in fact. Soup and some mac'n'cheese and bacon bite things (don't judge.) Only the soups arrived. The server was pretty good, and she apologized up and down, and offered free dessert. Hey, if I was going to have mac'n'cheese and bacon bites, who am I to turn down free dessert? But before we even got to the dessert, we had to have the entree, which was nothing short of a big flop. I'll admit, I was scared the quiche I ordered was going to be a sliver of a thing, but this was a honking piece of egg pie. It wasn't particularly warm, however. And the salad that was served with it was terrible. Like it was bathed in the Gulf Coast (olive) oil slick. My dining companion's entree fared even worse. The chicken whateveritwas was flavorless and was covered in a thick film of olive oil; the result of being plated with another one of Bluphie's "tossed greens" piles. And the mashed potatoes were, by all accounts, terrible. My dining companion is a mashed potato connoisseur, thus I am unable to account for their terribleness. In his words, "this experience should be a testament to my love of mashed potatoes. They were so bad, but I ate all of them anyway." He said they were really crusty, like they'd been sitting in a chafing dish for hours. I'm no chef, but if there's one thing life experience has taught me, when mashed potatoes form a top crust, stir it up, and voila! Good as new. That couldn't even be bothered to have happened. So we decided to split the offered complementary dessert, as neither of us was feeling too adventurous, in light of what we just experienced. We settled on carrot cake, which, in its defense, was massive. But that's where the defense ends. To be sure, the cake was fine. It wasn't dry. It featured a cream cheese(?) frosting. But it was topped with chopped walnuts that came from some form of freezer or refrigerator. My money is on a freezer. Have you ever stored walnuts in a freezer? Have you ever forgotten them so they freezer burned AND absorbed whatever flavors were mingling in the ecosystem of your freezer? Yes? Then you know the rancid taste of these nuts. It was beyond gross. We didn't finish the cake. The decor of the joint is loud, and it's cavernous, and has lots of seating. The restaurant wasn't full by any accounts, but did seem to be "bustling". I simply don't understand why. It just wasn't good. As I mention above, I've eaten here in the past, and enjoyed it. It seems as though something has gone awry. Perhaps its decline in quality is directly related to the crappyness of the mini-corporation that is FoodFight (I am, in full disclosure, not a fan of their other establishments, by and large.) I blame them.
4	We always loved Bluphies when we lived in Madison, so when it came time to find a caterer for our Wisconsin wedding, we were excited to learn that Bluphies also has a catering business. The prices were very reasonable -- about what you'd expect to pay for a restaurant meal -- and the chef/owner was very accommodating. We met with him twice and were very happy with our tasting. Many of our guests said this was the best wedding food they'd ever had, and it was a nice change from the standard beef or chicken w/potatoes and veggie medley that most venues serve.
2	Our family had lunch here today. Have eaten here several times before. Today I had the Chicken Apple Walnut Croissant sandwich. An unfortunate choice. The sandwich was so filled with chicken that it was impossible to pick up. Its fine to be generous but this was overkill. I could not detect apple at all, and there were just tiny bits of walnut. The chicken was completely bland like the chef forgot any spices. There was also supposed to be gorgonzola cheese and it too was nearly absent. Oddly, there was quite a bit of chopped celery even though that isn't mentioned on the menu. No, I didn't complain as I don't like to do that in a busy restaurant, but I am complaining here. On the positive side, the fries were good and a cheeseburger that was split between my wife and daughter was also good. Yes, I'll probably go back because it is convenient and has a decent atmosphere but today was disappointing.
2	I certainly expected a much better lunch experience from Bluephies.    Things started off well as the staff was nicely dressed, professional and greeted us and seated us promptly.   The person I was with has worked in maintenance for years and he started to point out how unkempt the restaurant was.  There was dust in the corners, hand prints on the kitchen door, a smudge of something on one of the walls, gum under the table.  Then he dropped something on the floor and told me to look over by the window behind the booths.   There was weeks worth of napkins, trash, dirt etc piled up behind there.  How can the cleaning staff miss this?Bottom line is that the place is filthy.   But we still ordered and our service was actually very good and the dishes were done up nicely and had good flavor.   We felt they were a little pricey for the portions and should have been a few dollars less.  If they just knew how to clean the place our experience would have been a whole lot better.  Yuck!
4	This place rocks! i've always enjoyed their food... and the bread and dip that they serve with dinner. Be sure to try their desserts--they're super-creative and delicious!
4	I ordered the crab cake sandwich with tots. I was surprised madison has seafood other than just tilapia.  I would give my order a 5 but I thought my sandwich was a bit dried but I'm sure the crab cake would be even better in the form of benedict deliciousness. I would come back to try their other items. The cookie egg roll was ehhh...maybe bluephies can start making tempura (green tea) ice cream if they're into deep fried dessert  wink wink :)
3	Kind of disappointed tonight. The warm rolls were excellent, but the flavored butter they serve with them seemed really salty and, um, olive-y, which I don't remember noticing before.  I ordered a black bean burger, which was supposed to have come with cheese, but they forgot that.  I didn't have the heart to ask about it because our server felt bad that all the other burgers at our table were ordered medium but came on the well side of medium well.  The waittress was great about it and if anyone asked for a replacement I'm sure she would have brought it.  No one did and she later offered dessert on the house as a make-up. Pretty generous. The entrees did take a lot longer to arrive than even a busy Saturday night would call for.  I opted for the soup instead of fries and I wished I had asked for it early - it was excellent (a curry-spinach soup).  I think everyone was disappointed with those free desserts.  They were good, but not great.  The red velvet cake is really chocolatey - kind of a surprise, because the description didn't even mention chocolate.
4	I came here on the weekend for lunch, it must be the busiest time for this place.  There was a bit of a wait but, the waiting area is nice.  What an eclectic crowd!  A bunch of folks nursing bloody marys and recovering from hangovers sitting at the bar, while large groups of folks in the dining room, and SO MANY kids!  The place was LOUD LOUD LOUD.Not a complaint, I have kids of my own and enjoy their antics very much.  Just, fair warning to expect that environment when you come here.The staff were very busy and, doing a pretty good job of managing the chaos.  Wait times for the table and my order were a bit long but, compared to how busy they were, not unreasonable.The place was a little dirty but, nothing to be unexpected given the huge rush and kids making messes everywhere.  The staff were clearly doing cleaning while also shuttling orders, seating people, filling coffee, etc.My service, once seated, was just fine.  The waitress was really friendly and cheerful.  It was clear she was very busy but, she never acted hurried.  She checked on my food, satisfaction, and refilled my coffee and water a number of times.  Wow, that almost makes it sound like I got more than just the rib hash!!!Anyway, I did get the rib hash and it was quite delicious.  A very generous serving but, no leftovers.  I was hungry....what do you expect?  I was eating pig, after all....Will definitely come back.
2	Restaurant and Vodkatorium.  We had heard great things but were pretty disappointed.  The over-cooked burger was beyond plain.  We had to flag down a server for condiments.  The sweet potato fries were cooked well and served with a dollop of some sort of dip.  The home made tater tots were interesting but not good.   The breakfasts being served (afternoon) looked much nicer than what we were being served at our table. Overall a quite boring lunch.
3	I love the food here. I had one really bad waitress experience. She messed up an order and was very defensive about it. She didn't want to admit she was wrong. Funny thing was that it's the same thing my wife orders every time.Food is great though.
2	Everything about this place is great, with one crucial exception that makes it a deal-breaker.  There is a distinct "wet-rag" odor I've noticed that last several times I've eaten there.  Either they wipe the tables with dirty rags or the carpet is rotting.  It's gross and otherwise ruins one of my favorite places in town.  The menu items, design and service are all excellent.
4	Wonderful place!   They have a WIDE selection of Vodka, hence their moniker "Vodkatorium".  Tito's Vodka from Texas is highly recommended.
5	My husband and I are regulars at Bluephies, having discovered them during Restaurant Week a few years ago. The food is unique and always superb. The staff is always very friendly and helpful. The brunch is also very good - French toast is TO DIE FOR and the Bloody Marys are as big as your head. My only complaints about the restaurant itself would be that it's sometimes loud, I wish you were open later, and I wish there weren't so many kids there sometimes (not your fault). I'm primarily writing this review because we recently held my wedding rehearsal dinner at Bluephies. All of the staff involved was amazing dealing with such a large group. We were able to use their private room and it was nice to be separated from what can sometimes be a loud and chaotic dining room. Everyone was extremely impressed with the quality of the food and service. My father-in-law who set the whole thing up kept raving about it all throughout our wedding weekend! He was very impressed about how easy everyone was to work with, especially when he kept changing his mind about the food, drinks, etc. Everyone LOVED the cookie dough eggrolls, which are my personal favorite. I would super recommend Bluephies for large get-togethers. Thanks so much!Oh... I'm also a HUGE FAN of the cookbook!
5	Everything is wonderful!  Nice to go on a weekend late afternoon when it isn't as busy!
4	Delicious desserts! We only came here for desserts, in which we got the cookie dough eggroll and the carrot cake.  I agree with another review that the carrot cake tasted like it was in the freezer. However, the cookie dough eggroll was AWESOME..rich but awesome. :) Will come back again!
4	The good: - The spread that comes with the basket of pre-meal bread is delicious. What is it? I have no idea. Eat it.- The tots - try the gouda. - Service. Great server (Josh, I think) - was able to recommend something from each category  on the menu.The bad:- Overpriced. I will come back here (really want to try the brunch and the chocolate chip cookie dough egg rolls) but it won't be a regular dinner stop because I shouldn't be paying $13 for a turkey BLT.
5	Love this place because the food is creative and not your run of the mill stuff.  The atmosphere is fun but,yes, the acoustics suck so it is loud.  We always try to go when we are in town.  I don't agree that the prices are high.  You get what you pay for and here you are paying for good food that isn't what's on every other menu in a college town.
2	Come here with the expectation of loosening your pants by the end.And eat the french toast.there is some serious and unabashed EGG-CHEESE-PORK love here, so sidle up and get some.Personally, it's not for me. It feels a lot like a 90s business-lunch place. Think Ferris Bueller's Dad/cob salad with lots of cheese/meat and potatoes. The "creative" twist every one is talking about is a 90s plating device, more about presentation that new and distinct tastes. But if the in-laws are in town from Minneapolis...well, this is the place.
3	A great staple on the SW side of Monroe street, I came here a TON some twelve years ago way back in college and I'm glad it still exists! The new bar area is quite cool and their new weekly specials are interesting. Too bad I can't make it back during the week to try their wednesday night vodka flight special... Else I'd be ALL over that for sure :(
1	Last night I went to a really fun event at Olbrich Gardens with my counterpart and another couple.  While the event was spectacular, I cannot say the same for the food from Bluphies.  We ordered 8 dollar butternut squash/quinoa burgers.  The actual patty was fine, but that's all there was - no greens, tomato, anything and no condiments.  After I started to eat my burger and noticed the complete lack of additional flavors I went to the tent and asked politely if they had any condiments because I fully expected that they had them.  The woman I asked was surprisingly short with me, as if I were rude for asking.  Bluphies is on the list of caterers that my future husband and I can pick from for our wedding reception venue next summer.  We will not be using Bluphies. (I wrote this from his account:)
4	Bluephies markets themselves as a "Vodkatorium."  Here's what I have to say about that:A) That's not a real thingB) Don't specialize in Vodka, aka the one type of alcohol that is the same across the board unless it is flavored.But despite the fact that I find their vodka fetish stupid, I love Bluephies.  They serve a mean brunch and dinner alike, and are very kind to vegetarians.  For brunch, I'm a fan of all of their benedicts, and for lunch and dinner nothing beats their portabella sandwich.  Servers are fun and willing to joke around a little, which I find refreshing.  This is definitely the best restaurant option if you are in this neighborhood.
4	I've been here for both lunch and dinner on multiple occasions. I've always walked away feeling happy and very full. Their menu is varied so this is a good place to go with a group. I also had a delicious crab sandwich once and would order that again. They have good soup to go with the sandwiches. The burgers are creative. I had the tex mex one. It was good because of the newness and spiciness, but the burger itself wasn't of great quality.Mmm get the cookie dough egg rolls. They are tasty! They also have cakes, which are all super rich.I have had to skip eating here one a couple of occasions because it was too long of a wait. It depends what is going on in town.
3	Bluephies is a great place for breakfast and it is far more accessible now that they have rearranged the interior so that the door is on an opposite wall. Honestly, I love this place, but it doesn't deserve more than 3-stars. Unfortunately, I don't get to go as much as I used to (every other saturday during my freshman year of college) and the rate at which new things are introduced onto the menu has also died down significantly. But, they still have great scramblers and friendly faces.
2	After some six visits there --proving that I've tried to like this restaurant, I have given up. I give four starts to their vegetarian soups, but have little else good to say. Its offerings for vegetarians are limited.  Its portabello sandwich is extremely mediocre: large pieces of mushroom between (unhealthy) pieces of fried bread. Condiments are sparse: try getting honey to put in your tea or a dark, spicy mustard and you'll come up empty. Service can be good to fairly awful. I've concluded that the reason that this restauarant is so popular is that there are so relatively few options on Madison's near-west side.
4	dessert.... drool. dessert!!!!! more dessert!!!!! make sure you eat the dessert or you came to bluephies for nothing!!!
4	I picked this spot because I found on Yelp that Bluephies had a lot of vegetarian options - no, I'm not, but my friend's wife is. So it was nice to be able to accommodate her. I ordered the "Hot Buttered Rum" for my signature cocktail and it was the best hot chocolate and rum I have ever had. In fact, I had to order it twice. Yum!I was hesitant to order the quesadilla though and I was right to think that way. It wasn't listed in the appetizers section, so I was hopeful to get some large pieces. But no, I got 4 tiny 'quesadillas' if you can even call them that - they looks like soft shell tacos squished flat. But they were tasty - just not filling enough (there weren't any other pork belly options). Plus, we had to wait forever because a 10 top managed to get their order in just before us. And while I'm ranting about what I didn't like, our waiter constantly started with what wasn't available. I understand the need to tell us, but I'm not going to order everything, it just had me wondering why the manager chose not to serve one thing and why they were out of another menu item.So yes, I have a huge paragraph of negatives. Yikes; and yet I am still compelled to give Bluephies 4 stars. My friend loved her vegetarian selection, I loved my Hot Buttered Rum, and I have saved the best part for last - dessert. Since the dinner was so small, I had enough room for dessert. Another Yelper noted that people needed to try the Cookie Dough Egg Rolls. So, I respected her review enough to do so and I'm glad I did. Best decision of the night - if it wasn't for the darn quesadilla, I would have easily given Bluephies 5 stars. Oh and this place is a little pricier, so if you're living off a small budget, it may not be the best choice; however, if you can spare some extra cash - Bluephies needs to be added to your list!
3	I've been to Bluephies quite a few times. I think my friends think this is a more affordable "fancy" restaurant. I just think it's overpriced for the portions they give.My favorite appetizer here is the Jalapeno Superbird, which a bacon-wrapped, stuffed jalapeno with decent meat and cheese. I definitely recommend this and it's not that spicy. I don't recommend the flat breads here as they are tiny in my opinion. The Bluephie burger might be the most filling entree I've had, but it was just okay. The chicken pot pie is my favorite, but it's extremely small. Service quality varies from time to time, but the highlights of my Bluephies trips are the desserts. I can't possibly recommend anything; they are all delicious.
1	Something has happened to their kitchen.  New chef?  Too much vodka?  There has been a steady decline in quality since they first opened and it shows in the number of empty tables.  Rethink what you are doing!  Back in the day, you were great.
2	I learned about Bluephies from a food blog I frequent that is written by a Madison resident. She gave it such good reviews, and after looking at their website I was sold!I came here on a double date with my boyfriend and another couple and we were seated right away. Service was a little slow, but we were having a great time so it didn't matter. I ordered a black bean burger and was super excited to try the specialty tater tots. I paid an extra fee to get them and they arrive and there is....4 freaking tots on a plate?! I could have had fries for no extra charge, but 4 FLIPPING tots are going to cost extra?! I was incredibly disappointed. Dessert saved the meal for me. My boyfriend and I ordered choc chip cookie dough egg rolls and the other couple had cheesecake and both were divine!I would for sure come back for dessert, but dinner was way too expensive to leave me wanting so much more.
5	We keep going back, at least monthly, for the scramblers. Awesome scramblers, with hash browns and toast. I like the Popeye - with spinach, tomatoes, and feta - but have like all the others I have tried too. Can't beat a flavored mimosa or two while you wait for take-out. The carrot cake is amazing.
3	3.5 stars is pretty accurate here as an average. We've eaten here twice, once with guests and once for takeout. Results were highly variable.The 1st trip was for brunch with another couple from out of town and the food was generally quite good. However, the servers and wait system here is chaotic. There was a long list when we came in and decided to wait the 45 min to be seated. Apparently there's a "wait room" in the front that only serves drinks - no food. Took the server 15 minutes just to come to take our drink orders in the "wait room". Ordered some bloody marys and they were pretty amazing to be honest - had string cheese, asparagus and several other extras in the drink and had a miller high life as a chaser - nice. Finally got seated and ordered food. 3 people got salads and I got pancakes. Everyone seemed to like their salads and my pancakes were some of the best I've had in mad-town. Unfortunately, one from our party lost her keys when we got back from brunch. She called Bluephies and asked if they had found them, and if not, whether she could come right back and look for them - the restaurant was about to close. The person she dealt with on the phone was apparently flippant with her and said something to the effect of "well we're closing and there's nothing you can do". Our friend was pretty upset and was actually brought to tears by this person. Even though she found her keys later in her coat pocket :) - this was pretty rough, snooty treatment IMO for a neighborhoody, EXPENSIVE eatery. They never want to go back - ever.A few weeks later, we rolled the dice again and ordered takeout. Some taterskin appetizer, the crabcake sandwich and the bbq sandwich. The app was bad and had some weird off-flavored bird meat in it. My crab cake sandwich was absolutely gross. It was huge with butter drenched bread and huge lumps of sub-par crab (I did live near the gulf though) and half-hazardously applied remoulade sauce. The bbq sandwich was also huge (the lady had to remove about half the meat) and she was disappointed there was almost no bbq sauce on the sandwich or provided. So the food was bad this time.My take home on this place is that it's inconsistent, and can have great food, but you have to roll the dice and then also deal with the service. Don't loss anything there!
5	I've been to Bluephies twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Each time we received above average service. Staff was nice, attentive, and had very good recommendations. The soups here are great, and I recommend ordering them. They come free with some options (sandwiches I think). The flavors are unique and memorable. Also, the bartenders at Bluephies know what they are doing when it comes to making bloody marys. Tons of granish and great flavor. My personal favorite is 'The Maria' which is made with in-house flavored jalapeno vodka. You can order a trio sampler of their bloodys for $10. For my dinner visit, I ordered the salmon fish tacos. I was worried when they first came out because they smelled a bit on the 'fishy' side but my worry disappeared with my first bite. Interesting, unique blend of texture and flavors, and the fish was cooked perfectly and did not have a fishy taste. Salmon is by far my favorite fish, so maybe this factored in to why I liked them so much.I rarely write reviews, but my two experiences at Bluephies were so great, I couldn't help but put in a good word for them!
3	My dish was NOT good, the stuffed french toast with fruit was a bit dry and tart.  They used thick chewy pieces of sourdough bread!  They are redeemed somewhat because my husbands dish (Veggie Benedict) was good and he was kind enough to go half and half with me.  I might try it again for dinner, but not in my top choices for breakfast
1	I went there for breakfast on a Sunday and we were seated immediately which was nice. The food was horrible. I ordered French toast with berries on sourdough bread. The bread looked like loaf supermarket bread and didnot appear to be coated in egg or anything to suggest that it was now French toast. There were 5 pieces of berries (4 blueberries and 1 strawberry that was cut in half). The maple syrup or syrup that can with the meal was served in a plastic cup and was very watery.  I really could have toasted some bread at home and it would have been nicer. Horrible food and expensive for what it is. My husband ordered scramble eggs which looked horrible also. Will not go there again.
2	Arrived about about 5p.m. on Sat. night.  Seated immediately.  Newly remodeled, although still ugly.  Ordered the tap beer featured on their nightly specials flier (Rush River Double Bubble Imperial IPA)  and was really looking forward to it.  Turns our they were out of it, and suggested the Furthermore Fatty Boomballatty as an alternative.  I opted to look at the menu again, but ended up taking the suggestion because nothing else stood out as better.  I was disappointed, but mostly I wasn't happy that they were out of their featured beer at 5p.m. on a Saturday night - they should have had the foresight to cross that off the menu.My other half ordered the hot buttered rum for her alcoholic beverage of choice.  I thought it was a bad choice to order for a pre-dinner drink, and she thought it was too clove heavy.  It was fine, but I would recommend it more as a dessert drink on a cold night.We decided on the jalapeno superbird app because someone else said it was good. and then we'd split the Sat. night dinosaur beef rib special for an entree.The app. came out and it was impressively large for $5.99.  Presentation was nice as well.  No complaints about the taste either.  I was worried that I would be full before the entree arrived, so we decided to take half home with us.  Would I order it again?  No, it was nothing special.  3 stars on the app.The entree came out.  It was just one huge rib, as the name of the special implies.  It came on it's own plate, with a side of mashed potatoes and broccoli on another plate.  The waitress brought out another plate as well, so we could share.  The meat was very fatty, but also very tender and moist - it was sitting in a pool of oil, which was slightly unappealing.  We picked away the fat and tried to eat the meaty parts.  The barbecue sauce had a slight kick to it, and was overly sodium heavy - an unnecessary but typical casualty of most food in most restaurants - I could tell I would be very thirsty later, and I would feel lousy and bloated because of this meal (In hindsight, I was right).  Why do I do this to myself?We finished the rib, minus the 1/3 of it that was fat. Meanwhile, we ate the mashed potatoes and broccoli.  The potatoes were lumpy, with plenty of skin - I like that, but of course they were way too salty.  The broccoli came in very large pieces, was very salty and buttery, and was a tad undercooked - I guess that's better than overcooked.  With that said, what a boring side.  Color it up with some carrots or something, for presentation sake!  Interestingly, the broccoli and mashed potatoes were exactly the same as what one would receive at Monty's Blue Plate Diner.  I guess Foodfight Inc. shares their recipes across multiple venues - that's ok, provided what they serve is actually good.  The service was completely uninspired and I didn't feel like it was appreciated that we chose to dine at their establishment.  This makes a difference to me.Tab was $38 plus tip.  I would have felt better paying $28, any even better if we had skipped the experience all together and cooked at home.Bot tome line - this is not high quality food, prepared healthily enough for anyone to eat regularly and still maintain a healthy lifestyle.  Foodfight should get a clue, and so should Madisonians who review this place highly.  If you can't tell already, I don't think highly of Bluephies, and for that matter, I don't have anything better to say about any Foodfight Inc. restaurant I've tried (most of them, although I'm starting to question why).  This is generally low quality food, prepared unhealthily, and it makes you feel like junk every time you eat it!  If you don't agree, then you're out of tune and you should make some changes.
5	It is a really nice place. Very pleasant ambience and great food. I loved their stuffed baby potatoes and their cheese platter. the main course had a lot of options and the salmon I went for was cooked to perfection. The service was prompt and I definitely look forward to going he again!
5	A Madison Institution. Bacon week this week, and I'm looking hard at the Monday special "Porkasm". There is a god, and we share a love of bacon!
3	My friend and I went there for brunch on Sunday. There was a 30 minute wait... which was fine since we were excited about this new place and heard good things about it. The food was alright. I got pork belly entree and my friend got a scrambler. Pork belly was on the greasy side. My friend said her scrambler was't that impressive.. something I prob could of made at home. I had raspberry explosion for dessert.. it looked good but it was alright. Overall, it was pretty "meh".. i  was not impressed.
3	I have a love-hate relationship with Bluephie's.Love: their food is delicious and rather inexpensive. I've been for brunch and lunch, and have never been disappointed.Hate: they act like a fine dining restaurant, but serve diner food and have plastic menus. Make up your mind, Bluephie's!Bluephie's also lists itself as a vodka bar, which I've never gotten to try, but sounds like it would be pretty legit.Must try: blueberry muffin french toast. Seriously, you'll be upset if you don't order it, especially if someone else at the table does.
5	I've heard a lot of great things and finally had a chance to check out Bluephies for brunch.  I went on a Sunday morning and they were very busy - our wait for 6 people was approx 40 minutes since we didn't have a reservation.  That said, you're able to order drinks while you wait in the bar area so we got an order of make your own mimosas (a bottle of champagne and your choice of fruit juices to mix) and were all set.  The food was delicious!  They have a huge selection of breakfast foods - including all your standards (various omelets, pancakes with fruit topping) and some specialties such as smores french toast and red velvet pancakes.  My group got a mix of items including a vege omelet, mexican breakfast burrito with eggs and chorizo and smores french toast and all were very good.  The serving sizes are generally large and the prices are reasonable at around $10.The service was good - especially considering how busy they were.  Our waitress was friendly, attentive and offered recommendations.I now understand what all the hype has been about.  I would highly recommend Bluephies for brunch and will definitely be back!
2	I've eaten dinner here a couple times and always thought it was pretty good (4/5 stars).  When I recently heard they were open for brunch I was excited to try it and did on 5/12.  I ordered the Fat Boy Bloody Mary and the Avocado Extravaganza scrambler.  Though a bit pricey the bloody Mary was delicious.  A pint was roughly $8.50 plus $1 for a beer chaser.  As I said it was very good but for a few bucks less I've had equally as good other places.  The Avocado Extravaganza was a scramble of mushrooms, red onions, Andouille sausage topped with an avocado salad.  Let me first say that an extravaganza implies that something is going to be elaborate and/or a spectacular production.  Furthermore to say it's an avocado extravaganza, well, let's just say I was over-enthusiastic.  Unfortunately my scrambler was overloaded with onions and the Andouille sausage was cheap hot dog quality which gave the scramble very little flavor.  The avocado salad was a large dollop of mashed avocado loaded with onions.  Alongside the scrambler was a side of creole seasoned hash browns.  Overall I felt the dish was a major let down.  It could have been excellent served with quality ingredients and a better attention to detail.  Service was good.
3	I hadn't been here in a few years and this was only my second visit but despite negative reviews from people who live in Madison, I'd have to say our experience was quite pleasant. The service was very earnest and friendly. The food was pretty good (exception being that my husband likes his burgers medium rare- he ordered his rare and it still came well-done) and they are super nice to kids. Also, the prices are very reasonable. We didn't have any booze. The one thing I was surprised by was the size of our lunch plates. We all got sandwiches that came with sides and the plates were too small to hold everything. The result was a mess on the table. Not sure what that's about. I would go back for brunch or lunch- just not sure this is a dinner place. Also, the vodka bar seems misplaced. I don't doubt that it's good- but just seems weird in a family-friendly type restaurant.
4	Dear Bluephies,It's on again! Brunch that is.....I have an on again, off again relationship with this place, and I have come to the realization that I can only love you in the summer.... Ok, you ARE my summer fling! From your gorgeous mounds of fresh advocado, your perky little tomato chunks, and sensual mushrooms tenderyly mashed up in that advocado EggSTRAVAGANZA!  And then there's your beignets - plump little funnel cakes of heaven (I don't even have to wait for the fairs!). AND THEN you actually have a voluptuous portion of breakfast potatoes with a savory cajun spice (here spice reads - decently salted, not hot). But, by far, the best reason you should come for Brunch is the BLOOD MARY's. They pride themselves (for good reason) as being a Vodkatorium. Which means they got great bloody's! Bloody Maria, Fat Boy, plain - they all have a nice consistancy (not too much alcohol to be runny, and not overdone with the mix to be too thick), outlandish garnish (a Scottish EGG!?, bacon, tater tots?!), and they do "flights" of 3 bloody's! Impressive and yummy I take a point off of them (in relation to other bloody's in town) b/c they do use a premix (Zing -Zangs?). However, they compensate by adding good flavored vodkas (they have BACON vodka people!) Bonus: they also have gluten free options, are pretty helpful with allergy "stuff", and the dinners aren't bad either (my favorite is Trout with Pearl Cous cous - YUM, the chick salad croissant is just average, even though it sounds grand, and everyone likes the burgers.)
4	After reading the reviews on yelp, I made a stop here before heading out of Madison with my family. The customer service was awesome. The restaurant and atmosphere was awesome and five stars. As for the food, it is definitely affordable.  My wife had the pork and mac and I had the buffalo chicken meatballs. The food was good. Nothing I wouldn't drive two hours to get like Garrett's popcorn or Badger products. It was good food and it would make me return. Very nice people!
4	Overview: A Monroe Street icon that is still reliable as ever. Hits: Super happy/helpful staff, a reliable kitchen, and cheap / delicious drinks.Misses: Portions are huge - maybe a plus for most people. Hints:  The bakery case shouldn't be ignored, but you'll have to unless you share your meal order with a friend. Bottom-line: Never had a bad experience and I'd be surprised if you did. Go enjoy a neighborhood gem.
5	I'd read this place was pretty busy on weekends, and was thrilled they took reservations. This makes things SO SO SO convenient and easy. They were just as accommodating to my ladies brunch group of 3 as they were to my larger family brunch group (6 adults & 3 kids). I was relived that they had a children's menu for my young cousins, and everyone was able to get what they wanted at such a reasonable price.I could go into lengthy detail about what everyone ate and what I thought of the taste testing I did, but honestly all I can think about is HOW DAMN GOOD their Blueberry Muffin French Toast is. It was so scrumptious that I didn't even need or want the butter and syrup that came with it. I tried to eat it slowly and make it last, but I'm pretty sure I inhaled it. A little fruit would have been nice because I was still hungry after I finished my meal. I blame that on the toast being so fluffy and delicate. Next time I'll know to order a side. And yes, there will be a next time.
3	This place is all over the board.  The last time I was here, I had a chicken enchilada that I almost (should have) sent back because it was overcooked and as dry as petrified wood.  This time I had the ooey gooey pasta, which was fine, but not stellar.  The check for two (including two beers) was $35, which seems a little steep for lunch at a restaurant that is consistently inconsistent.  Meh.
3	Brunch Club biked Southwest/Badger Trail then looped back for a heapin' plate of morning goodness at Bluephie's. I've been a number of times for dinner (I'm usually all about the Albuquerque Chicken Salad hold the chicken--mixed greens, chipotle vinaigrette, black bean corn relish, smoked tomato salsa and tortilla strips mmm) but this was numero uno for brunch. Bluephie's does several things well: portions are huge, menu is extensive (veggie options, southwestern, comfort food), vodka is delicious. Moscow Mule I had last time was memorable.Brunch was good-- I got the harvest burger (squash and quinoa patty topped with avocado salad), Ben got braised beef hash, and Sam got eggs and sausage. The food hit the spot and for them was a highlight for brunch club, but for me was lacking something. Our waiter was friendly and the food was out quickly, I'd give it a 3.5.PS. I noticed they have several new dinner menu items since I was last there (Hoisin glazed tofu, yo!). I'll be back to try those out soon.
2	Wow... is all we can say. Pros=Our server was friendly and we were seated right away.Cons=The food was bad cafeteria poor(way over salted and greasy)with extremely small portions. We had the brisket sandwich, combo enchiladas and kid's pizza. To top it off, the prices charged were higher than almost all of their competitors. I.e. Great Dane, Sprechers, Monks etc... very disappointed
4	Ok - I'm going to go with four stars because this is one of the very few places  that I've found you can go for a late night dessert and coffee. The coffee doesn't stand out but the desserts yum! The best part is they don't make it feel odd just coming for the sweets.
5	We used Bluephies to cater our wedding at the Majestic and strongly recommend them!  Before we decided to go with Bluephies as our caterer, we met with Bill (the head of catering) for a tasting. He asked us for our likes and dislikes and came up with a menu that was perfectly tailored to us.  The food was absolutely delicious, all of our guests raved about it.  It was a perfect combination of unique and yet accessible to our guests that weren't as adventurous. Here were some highlights of our menu: bacon-wrapped jalapeno poppers, sweet potato tater tots, pretzel encrusted pork tenderloin, and duck in a red wine reduction (to name a few).We also had Bluephies cater our dessert table, which featured a combination of pies and sheet cakes.  Our guests all especially loved the Snickers pie.We were very pleased with Bluephies overall as our wedding caterer!
4	My husband and I ate dinner here twice in a week, we enjoyed it so much.  Good dinners, FUN menu (be sure to look for the Easter eggs on it!), and desserts to die for. We tried the cookie dough egg rolls the first time we were there.  They were very rich, and one each was enough.  Large portions.  Seriously yummy butter spread for the bread before the meal comes.  Sun dried tomatoes, kalamata olives, garlic, cream cheese and butter, all mixed together.  Yum!Hit or miss with the wait staff.  Our first waitress was a doll, but maybe I was partial to her as she had lived in the Bay Area, where I'm from.  She was attentive, energetic, and a good resource about the menu.  The second time we went back our server wasn't as on the ball, despite it being late in the evening with few customers still around.Bluphies will be a regular stop for us when we are in Madison.  There are still tons of dishes on the menu for us to try!
3	I went to Bluephies for the first time a few days ago.  It's a cool industrial decor with a huge menu.  I had the chicken/broccoli mac and cheese.  It was ok.  I didn't like the red onion that was in it and it needed a sharper cheese taste.  It was incredibly creamy but on the bland side.  The chicken was shredded and mixed through out which was nice.  The rolls that started the meal were warm, crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside and the butter fusion they have is really tasty.  I got a piece of their chocolate cake to go.  It was huge!  It took me 3days to finish it.  I would give them another try.
4	Bluephies offers some of the best tasting and most creative food and drink in Madison. They certainly should have the best tasting vodka cocktails around considering they call themselves a vodkatorium. I've tried a citrusy pink cosmo that came with pop rocks around the rim, a fizzy blood orange mimosa with a scoop of sorbet and their fat boy bloody mary that had so many fixing on top that it could count as a meal all by itself!Their food is just as fun as the drinks. My first suggestion would be to start with their homemade soup. Every single one I've had has been delicious. I've had their portobello burger, black bean burger and their chicken salad sandwich. All have been tasty, but I think my favorite thing on the menu has to be breakfast. My dad got the blueberry muffin french toast with creamy frosting. Oh. My. Gosh. This is the way I want to start every day for the rest of my life. And if that's not enough to satisfy your sweet tooth you should finish it all off with a cookie dough egg roll, flakey light crust filled with gooey delicious chocolate chip cookie dough batter.The only thing that holds me back from considering this place a 5-star meal is the service. I feel i shouldn't need to wave my hands in the air to get a drink when I'm seated at the bar, with my ID and cash out while staring at several bar tenders. The wait staff was also kind of odd. She said thank you every time she came to the table, even when refilling water, which was perfectly polite and all, just made me kind of uncomfortable. Our waitress was also rather short with us when we hadn't decided on our meals. Sorry that you have 20 items that I am taking into serious consideration, maybe if all the food wasn't so tempting I wouldn't have the agonizing problem of deciding on just one! Seriously though, the food is great. Everyone that lives in or visits Madison should go.
5	One of my favorite restaurants on the near west side at a moderate price. Food is excellent and the atmosphere is bright. It kind of reminds me of a 50s dinner but more modern. It seems like many of the plates are traditional but have an added twist.
1	On Nov. 2, 2013, we ordered breakfast of various versions of scrambled eggs.  Oddly -- or cheaply -- Bluephies uses less-than-full-size plates, so our food covered the entire plate.  If you're looking for quantity, you'll be happy.  If you want just the average size portions, and like to mix up your scrambled eggs with some of your hash browns, these less-than-full-size-plates that it very hard to do.  Secondly, the service was not very good: I was not offered water (and I do appreciate restaurants that save water by not automatically giving it out, since not all patrons want water) and we had quite a time of it trying to flag our waitress to get some (finally got water from the bus boy).   I asked for more napkins and was given cocktail napkins rather than larger, more suited-to-the-task dining napkins.  Again, we had quite a time of it to get the attention of our waitress to ask her to exchange those puny cocktail napkins for properly-sized dining napkins.
5	Wow, just wow. Stopped here with my niece who is a local. She was showing me around and we got hungry. She had previously been here for a Bloody Mary, best ever, she tells me. We get in when it is super busy, lucky to get a seat. Staff was great. Very nice, accommodating. Love the piggy decor at the front desk. We ordered from the lite bites. The stuffed olives, stuffed with amazing sausage and served over top toast and mozzarella, yum!,,, We also had the love plate, wonderful combo of cheeses and olives, warm with amazing toasty bread. We pigged out. Just enough for gals getting their shop on. Trust me, I will be back.
3	I've been to Bluephies several times now with different groups, and our experiences have always been good. I've had the tasty and huge crab sandwich several times as it's one of my favorite things to order whenever I find it. The drinks are maybe kitschy, but the pop star martini with pop rock rim is a fruity and fun delight. The last time I was here was for cocktails and desserts. Our group of six ordered two slices of cakes/pies and the dessert sushi (a sampler of several options, including the cookie dough egg rolls). Holy moly- the cake and pie slices were absolutely huge! We ended up sending at least 1/3 of the desserts home with one of our group members.
3	This restaurant is just OK. It's not bad, don't get me wrong, it's just not outstanding. Coming here last week, my girls and I had a nice brunch and a nice conversation over our meals. We had a variety of food and some of us got to try each other's dish. We had the Greek burger (this was my order and it was okay, not great), egg benedict (I didn't try it but my friends said it was good), extravaganza avocado ( with bacon, so again, I didn't try it, but my friend liked it) and a red velvet pancake. My Greek burger is just an average dish that comes with a choice of french fries (or soup). It was good, but it doesn't leave some strong impression. The red velvet pancake, in spite of the good review by the waiter, is also another average. The service is good. Our waiter is responsive and very nice who always filled up the water as needed. Overall, this place offers quite a selection of meals and some are good, some are average. I may be back. Tips: Don't forget to make a reservation a week ahead or a couple of days earlier, it's normally full during the weekend brunch.
4	I had a great veggie scrambler, a cranberry mamosa, and coffee. A little on the priceir side but its a great bruch spot to invite family and friends to. Id definitely go back for more! Nice atmosphere, something for everyone on the menue, and friendly service.
4	I went to Bluephies for Madison's restaurant week. It's a really nice way to experience good food for a discounted price at many of Madison's best restaurants. At Bluephies I had a gnocchi appetizer, pork tenderloin main course, and fruit pie for dessert  as they were the restaurant week special. It was $15 dollars for all three courses and all were very delicious! I will certainly go back and try some other menu items in the future.
4	Never judge how good a restaurant is by the number of empty chairs you seeI had always thought the opposite, i.e. restaurants that can readily seat you during peak hours were probably pretty shady.  Bluephies absolutely proved me wrong.We had set out going to a different restaurant about a quarter of a mile down the road. The wait at that place was an hour and a half and we were tired and starving. My friend then suggested Bluephies since they always have immediate seating.  Given that I was tired and hungry, I shrugged my shoulders and followed her to Bluephies. I was expecting a less than stellar experience but boy was I wrong.We were indeed seated immediately and I noticed at least four open booths as we walked to our booth. Our waitress was great and immediately brought out their vast menu. She suggested the zucchini  fries for appetizers. Get the zucchini fries. The onion dip provided a sweet contrast to the perfectly breaded fries. She then brought three rolls for the table. The other two did not want to indulge in bread so I ate them all. They were delicious. Bluephies is also a vegetarian haven. Plenty of non-meat items and their meat items can be made vegetarian. I got the sundried tomato pasta and it completely hit the spot. My friends had the fish tacos and the bang bang shrimp. Both really liked their meals. The bang bang shrimp is apparently a must try. Too bad we were too full to indulge in dessert. They have a dessert showcase as soon as you walk in and it most certainly makes you want to order dessert before the meal.I ended up eating a third of the zucchini fries, three good sized rolls and my entire dinner. AND I wished I had room for more. The food was just really good. I would visit Bluephies again.  Great food with lots of great options, great drinks and great service. What is NOT to love!
2	I think my experiences at Bluephies can be summed up as 'underwhelmed'. I kept hearing from people how much they liked it, and when a friend decided to have a birthday dinner her I was excited. I got these chicken enchiladas that were said to come with beans. They were so dry. Dry and flavorless. There was a slight drizzle of sauce that might have helped but it almost looked like a garnish rather than part of the meal. So disappointing.Since then I've been there twice, once I got a pasta dish, again sub-par and finally for brunch once where I ordered eggs benedict. There are a lot of great brunch places in Madison. Bluephies is not one of them. Again, flavorless. So after 3 visits, trying 3 very different meals I think I can say this restaurant is average at best.Also - did try a snickers pie when I was there the first time. Pretty much tasted like a brick of cream cheese. Just pass on this place. It's not bad, but it's certainly not good and not worth battling parking on Monroe Street.
4	I had brunch here one Sunday.  The menu is really nice with a LOT of choices.  I couldn't decide right away because it all looked so good but I eventually had the classic Eggs Benedict (there are 4 Eggs Benny variations on the menu).  It was very good.  They also had a happy hour until 10AM which meant $3.00 mimosas.  They offer many flavors of mimosas.  The happy hour deal also included their bloody mary's but I don't remember the exact details.  I highly recommend Bluephies and can't wait to go back.
4	Great drinks.  Great desserts.  Okay food.
3	I tried Bluephies for the first time yesterday and left simply thinking, "That was the most okay meal I've had in awhile." First, the service was very good. My friend and I were greeted with a smile and immediately seated. The feel of the restaurant is comfortable and laid back and the beer and menu selection was actually pretty excellent. I ordered what I think was called the "boom, boom shrimp", which was a mix of shrimp, veggies, and noodles. It tasted, well, like food. Nothing changed my life, but nothing made me gag either. Overall, it was kind of bland. My friend thought the same of her noodle dish as well. At almost $15, I expected more. Noodles & Co. has many more flavorful dishes at half the price. I added some salt and pepper and finished the meal. I would probably go back to try another menu option. Maybe something else would hit a home run.
3	I've been here for brunch before and it was amazing! However, I was disappointed by a recent trip for a friend's bday. We had a big group and hung out in the bar area, standing/mingling, and occupied the three tall, center tables. It was a Monday night and the service was EXTREMELY slow. It looked like the server, in addition to the bar area, was also responsible for some tables in the dining room.I ordered a drink and it arrived about 20 minutes later. A friend ordered food at the same time and his food arrived about 10 minutes before my drink. And we were sitting right next to the bar! The drink did not fit the description on the menu (it sounded like a martini, based on the description, but ended up being some sweet concoction served in a wine glass) and I sent it back (something I very rarely do). I asked for a different drink and it arrived, another 15 minutes later.The dinner small plate and entree options leave much to be desired. With a large group, we wanted to order a few shareable plates, but all the small plates on the menu did not seem very sharing-friendly. Also, why does EVERYTHING have bacon?? The entrees seemed very over priced (tilapia for $22, are you kidding me?). I would definitely return for brunch, but never for dinner or drinks.
3	The staff is very well trained and very attentive - they're kind, funny, and make the experience enjoyable. The food however is nothing exciting. While they have some speciality items (like the chocolate chip cookie dough egg roll) the rest of their menu is pretty average. I've gotten two different types of salad (both which were okay) and a sandwich which was good, but a little bit on the dry side.If you're out with friends and are indecisive about where to go Bluephies is definitely a good option, but if you're looking for less standard fare I'd try somewhere else.
1	Well I had to give  them a star to post this review - or I would have given none. I arrived at 8:57 pm and yes, they close at 9pm. The door was locked and though there were people inside at the register and sitting at the bar, they wouldn't open the door or acknowledge I was there. I had hoped to pick up a couple of desserts to go. I could see cakes and desserts at the glass display case just inside the door.  I understand they close at 9 but it doesn't seem unreasonable to think they might at least sell until then, or perhaps politely explain they had closed.  People were seated at the bar and others still clearly serving them. Disappointed in this lack of hospitality here in my city.
5	The wait was a bit long to get a table, but it was totally worth it! I got a pasta (butternut squash ravioli), and I wanted to eat it again when I was done. The service was quick, and the staff was personable. As a poor college student, this would be a place for a date night every now and then. The prices are more than your average sit-down restaurant, but this is better than your average sit-down as well. I will definitely be back!
2	We were seated promptly, but the table was dirty and the service was extremely slow. There were crumbs on the table (and window ledge) and the small container holding the sugar packets was sitting in liquid. It truly must have been 10 minutes before a server stopped by our table..to let us know she'd be with us shortly. A few minutes later, a different server stopped by to take our drink orders. Water was delivered promptly, but it was another 5+ minutes before we received our cocktails. Dinner was fine, but underwhelming. My plate had smudges of food (some of them obviously not from the dish I'd ordered) around the rim - very unappetizing, in my opinion. I had to ask for a spoon and was offered an ice cream sundae spoon - which is fine, though odd, especially as our server said they have a problem with people stealing their spoons. We waited a long time for dessert (also underwhelming) and then our bill. Too many sub-par factors decided I will not go back.
4	Looking for amazing dessert or drinks? Then this is the place for you. They have outstanding desserts to choose from and a fun drink list as well. It is a great atmosphere with plenty of seating. We came once for drinks and desserts around 8:30/9 and it was great.
3	Descriptive phrase: new-age American diner.I've done Bluephies a number of times for brunch and lunch and have usually left happy and full. It can get very packed in the dining area, though I've never seen people sit in their bar. The whole place gives off a trendy diner feel. The menu is varied, and I've had good and bad off it. Most recently I wasn't impressed with the oh-so-much-potential Cheesy Pork and Mac ($10.99). It's two pieces of buttered toast with mac and cheese, pulled pork, and onions inside. It just didn't do the delicious, comfort food contained justice. I'm not sure what could've improved it; more bbq sauce, more onions? I added Sweet Potato Goat Cheese Tater Tots for an upcharge. Talk about a disappointment. They were 4 very large fried balls of dough, filled with a stringy and gooey mess. My whole party got them and agreed they tasted off. I had a stomach ache the rest of the day.However, I've gone to Bluephies before and had great meals, specifically the Hangover Benedict for brunch. I'm sure I'll give them another try, but my last meal was off-putting.
5	Another Madison fav for brunch! They have very unique dishes but their strengths (in my opinion) are their benedicts and scramblers. I think I have tried almost all of them and my favorites are the Avocado Extravaganza Scrambler and Crab Benadict. I actually (sadly) have never had any of their drinks - stupid me. Just another reason to come back I guess.What I love the most is the atmosphere. It's so fun! But do beware, it gets very busy and packed for brunch so make reservations if you can and go early!Prices are decent and portions are just right. I can't wait to come back. Keep up the awesomeness, Bluephies!
2	This place is awesome! Ive only gone in for lunch but everything ive had has been stellar.  Their drink menu is extensive and there are lots of choices.  Bluephies is mostly a vodka bar but its all yummy. I always order the gouda tater tots and a martini.06/21/14 updated review. This past time I went to bluephies it was miserable.  I went with a friend from out of town and was expecting to wow her. However the restaurant was busy, full of families with small childern and crying babies. Since I went in for lunch previously I didnt know how busy it could get. I have ordered the pulled pork and mac and cheese sandwish before and it was amaxing so I wanted to try something new.  I decided on the crab cake sandwich and gouda tater tots and I was disgusted.  The crab cake had a fake crab taste, was extremely wet, and had corn in it. The only plus side was the bacon on the sandwich that was cooked correctly.  The gouda tots which I had loved previously were oily, luke warm, and utterly miserable.  This could have been the cooks bad night but I would suggest going during lunch when there are less people.
4	My boyfriend used to work here and feels weird about coming back. So unfortunately I don't get here as often as I like. Which is a very unfortunate thing. I love their food. It's just so amazingly good. I wish it were cheaper. I ALWAYS make sure to stop by their booth at Taste of Madison to get my chocolate chip cookie dough egg roll fix. Way back in the day my boyfriend's family got the cookbook and I got a copy of the Tomato Chicken Tarragon soup. I make it all the time. Maybe some day in the future I'll be able to convince my boyfriend to come here more often.Oh, and I love all the stories I've heard about the owner. He sounds like a great guy!
4	Great place for brunch.  They take reservations for brunch which is helpful for large groups or when you're just too hungover to want to wait for a table.  I came here the Sunday after a wedding and ordered the Hungover benedict, which was amazing.  The eggs were so beautifully poached that I ooo-ed and ahhh-ed over each one that I cut open and saw that decadent river of golden yolk spill over my sausage.  They do use raw eggs to make their hollandaise which just makes it that much more delicious.  I've often found hollandaise to be heavy but theirs is much lighter and delicious.  The benedict came with potato hash which was very well fried.  It had crisp edges and soft middles.  It was a bit spicy which is just how I like my potatoes.  I licked the plate.
4	Oooo Bluephies. ;)Our party of 3 arrived at 7PM for the first day of restaurant week, which was coincidentally also Martini Monday! Also, I believe that the deal on MM is that you buy the first 5 cocktails and get the 6th free. Pretty sweet, huh? I ordered the martini special (strawberrijito I think is what she called it) which our server recommended, and just like she said, it tasted like strawberry lemonade. I couldn't even taste the vodka! Dangerous. The restaurant week menu was impressive - although not as large as some other restaurant's - but we also had the option of ordering the items on the menu a la carte, which was nice to have as an option.I ordered the: meatball flight, nori-wrapped salmon rolls, and the mud pie. I also tried some of my friend's chimi churri steak, eggplant fries, and lemon meringue pie. The meatball flight was an interesting assortment of meatballs: a buffalo chicken meatball, a bacon-wrapped meatball, a mac-n-cheese "meatball," and a scone meatball. Of the four, the bacon-wrapped was my favorite. It had a nice, caramelized, smokey flavor and was delicious! My least favorite was definitely the mac-n-cheese. It was just a deep-fried ball of mac-n-cheese, sans meat. It honestly could have been left out of the meatball flight, but it seemed to me like they were grasping at straws to fill the last little well in the 4-well dish. I thought the salmon rolls were delicious. Of the three entrees, both the salmon rolls and the chimi churri steak came highly recommended. Of course, the salmon rolls was the lighter of the two entrees. It has a slight asian influence, and comes seated on a bed of asian veggies drenched in teriyaki dressing. Overall, I thought it was an interesting and beautifully presented dish. The chimi churri steak was not bad either. The steak is cooked medium (I don't think you are given a choice) and served atop some grits. The grits were a little too salty, but I thought the chimi churri sauce and the steak were a great combination.Finally, the dessert. The mud pie was really sweet, but it was a great touch to end the meal with. I actually got to try all three of the desserts on the menu because we all ordered different things, and I have to say that the mud pie was my favorite. I'm a huge chocolate lover though...so you'll have to take my opinion with a grain of salt. :PAll in all, it was a very enjoyable dinner, and if I had had any more room left in my stomach, I would have convinced myself to take a piece of the red velvet cake to go!
3	The desserts here are fun and unique. Ones that I have tried, I enjoyed (chocolate chip cookie dough egg rolls, butterfinger wontons, red velvet cake, and flourLESS chocolate cake) . The food on the other hand? *blech*.  I tried this place on 3 different occasions and did not like my meal at all. I would only recommend for desserts.
4	My favorite item on their menu-- the hamburger.,   and I have tried most everything.    Huge burger with a small side.   High quality meat.       Soups usually very interesting and tasty.    Love the house dressings.     Coffee is disgusting-- otherwise it would be our favorite lunch place.
2	I must be at a different place than I went 2 years ago.  I remember a fun atmosphere and good food at a decent price.  Tonight I had a 15$ juicy burger which was anything but.  Dry and flavorless is a better description.  My wife had the pulled pork and her exact description was "meh".  The place is dirty and not as lively as it was.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive, so I give this two stars and not just one.  If you are about to pull into the parking lot, you would be much more satisfied walking over to Jac's or driving a little farther to Gates and Brovi for the same price.
5	I really enjoyed the food and drinks at Bluephies.  I ordered the black bean burger; and I must say, it was the best black bean burger I've ever had in my life. The patty was thick, flavorful and moist.  I also fell madly in love with the sweet potato tater tots.  They were delicious and pillowy.  The bacon wrapped cheese curds with the chipotle aioli dip was great, as was the fried zucchini chips with homemade French onion dip. The cute and clever dessert menu was so cool! I'm glad someone is bringing back the Viewmaster from the 80s. We ordered the deep fried chocolate dough, which was a tad too sweet for me, but still unique and good for those who have a sweet tooth. Service was great. Food was great. Drinks were great. It was all great!
4	Brunch was delicious and affordable. They have a wide variety of different bloody Mary's. The design of the restaurant is fun. The only down side is that you need to get there early otherwise you will be waiting an hour or longer for a table.
5	Bluephies rules! My wife and I had an awesome brunch today (bit of a wait - popular place!) for our one anniversary of our wedding, which bluephies catered and knocked out of the park. Their menu will blow you away, and I would advise you to adventure. And their bar is beyond awesome, adventure again!
5	Really think they have one of the best brunches in Madison. It's somewhat of a diner feel, but has a super interesting menu. Obviously some restaurants can succeed at making just a few items really well, but in general something I look for is variety. Bluephies has it. I'm grateful I can go with a large group of diverse palates and we can all order dishes that satisfy our cravings. Everything I've tried and everything my friends have tried has been delicious.Some recommendations: Denver omelette, waffle dogs (basically a funnel cake over a breakfast sausage, it's heaven), Bloody Mary, breakfast jambalaya, hangover Benedict. Go with a group so you can try lots of things! Yum.
3	We came here for dinner as a total random choice. I ordered a crab cake sandwich which came with a side and I chose butternut squash soup. The food was pretty good but I think it is definitely overpriced. I was hoping the interior would be much better considering the price of their menu. It reminded me of panera or noodles. Also, there were some flies around so not sure of the cleanliness of the place either.
3	The environment is good! But the food is average and the price is high for the quality they offer!I am not going there again! There are much better options in Monroe..But if you there for your Bday, be sure to claim your free dessert! Their desserts are huge! One slice of chocolate cake was enough or even too much for the 6 of us!
2	Was extremely unimpressed with the food and atmosphere. Felt like a glorified Red Robin except the food wasn't as good and much more expensive. The appetizer we had was two jalapenos sliced in half, stuffed with what had the texture of hummus, and wrapped in thin tasteless microwave bacon. My turkey sandwich was something I could have made from the deli and my girlfriend got the baked macaroni and cheese that came out room temperature. With a drink each from the bar we payed over $50 before the tip. Don't plan on going back.
4	I'm giving Bluephies a 4 because it was quick, easy, and delicious. I've been to Bluephies for apps/dinner, but have always wanted to try it for lunch. The first time I tried to go, there was over an hour wait, so I expected it to be much harder to get in today than it was. I called last night, and made a reservation for 2 at 11. Called again at 10:45 this morning and told them I'd actually have 3 and that we were running late, then got there and told them there'd actually be 4 of us- no problem, very accommodating.We were seated right away when we got there, and we had a waitress training on her first day. She did a great job, and was really friendly. I almost NEVER choose sweet over savory, but I took a leap of faith and went with the bananas foster french toast, which was amazing. Between the 4 of us, we literally licked the plate clean. Two others had the eggs benedict, which I expected to be like every other eggs benedict, but the hollandaise sauce set it apart... it just had an extra burst of flavor. If you're looking for something meeting, this isn't it. There were only two thin slices of canadian bacon, but the hollandaise more than made up for it. Homefries were good, too. Our other friend had a bacon cheese burger, that tasted like a bacon cheeseburger.Only reason they didn't get a 5 is because the menu didn't really excite me. I had the impression based on my other meal that they had a pretty unique menu, but I'm not really sure what I would order if I went back.
4	Ordered take out for 4; it was $150 bucks. We waited for our food to take to Meriter. It was still hot by the time we ate. All 4 meals were excellent. Bang bang shrimp, sun-dried tomato pasta, mozzarella tortellini and the Cobb burger were all very good. The slice of pumpkin pie was dense and delicious. Food was good but I wouldn't visit too often for the price. Especially for take out. (The take out boxes were completely squashed. I'm surprised nothing leaked out. Maybe an upgrade is in order.)
4	I love how they think out of the box when it comes to their food selection!  You don't just have the option of getting pancakes or french toast for breakfast!  They offer you pancake options from the old school to the fruity pebbles variety.  You will find french toast options from the classic to the peanut butter stuffed!  Also, I had never been to a place where they have a breakfast happy hour, so I couldn't pass up the opportunity to start my day out The food comes out fast and the drink list is just as snazzy as the food options.  My partner in crime got a Bloody Mary that may as well have been a meal.
5	Edited: [ After reading about the winter-chill spill the manager reached out to apologize and correct the unfortunate incident.  I'm glad I don't have to protest the place, because I do enjoy the food!]I  do like this place, but today I got an Ice Tea spilled down my back.  The waitress was flustered and was not very apologetic, although she did mop up the booth right away.  I did have to go to the bathroom to get more paper towels to dry my coat and my butt though.  No bluphies staff mentioned anything about it again and I left into the winter with a wet butt and sticky wet coat. Very unfortunate.  Don't sit at the booth by the back room and waiter's door, seems likely to happen again.
4	The incredible shrinking restaurant.Bluephies has always been a family favorite: safe options for kids, interesting options for adults.But tonight we had to pay for bread, and every portion -- including the usually enormous slices of cake -- was smaller than during previous visits.Add in a random toothpick piece left in the appetizer and one wrong entree (to be fair: we were offered a free dessert), and this doesn't seem like the go-to it was a couple of years ago.UpdateThe manager emailed me with a very thoughtful explanation of their changes and her thoughts about my experience. I appreciate not only that she reached out, but that she seemed very specific in her rationale for what they do and why they do it. I changed my star rating to reflect my average rating: as I said above, we've been there many times and enjoyed it; I hope that our next visit reflects our typical experience.
4	I haven't had the chance to dine here when they have their full Bloody Menu, but from what I have tried, I like it! Full review at outforbloodies.com.
5	We went to Bluephies for brunch with a small group today. We all left full and happy! We each had a different entree, all of which were fantastic! We tried several different Bloody Mary concoctions- all excellent. To top it off, our bartender- while waiting for our table and server were amazing, professional and helpful. This was my first visit in several years and we will all be going back!
2	Meh. What's all the hype about? It's hard to believe it's run by the same people as Monty's diner because the service and food quality are so much lower. Not worth the wait.
4	Bluphies made me realize how much I don't like when restaurants accept reservations for breakfast. I understand the need, especially when it's an upscale/buzzing brunch establishment. But Bluephies didn't seem like that place (at least while I was there). Walking in with half the restaurant empty and being told it was a 45 minute wait was off putting, but I had heard raving reviews of their bloodies so we took a seat at the bar and stuck it out. I ordered the trio of bloodies, wouldn't order it again but I enjoyed them. Next time I'll go with one that's made with the bacon vodka as that was my favorite by far. When we were finally seated (about an hour later) I ordered the Stuffed French Toast for my meal. I would've given this place 3 stars had it not been for this amazing dish. It was so good! My waiter gave me a very good suggestion about ordering the short stack, as you still get a ton of food. The filling was perfectly sweet and the berry topping was delicious. I would order this a thousand times over again, but will probably try another one of their varieties next time I'm in. I'll be sure to make a reservation, too.
4	I've had breakfast here twice and dinner once. All 3 times were amazing.The Eggs Benedict and Hangover Eggs Benedict were delicious. Perfectly made.The only problem was the wait we had the first time we went for breakfast, it was 30 to 45 minutes. Though there was a cute little shop next to the diner that we took up some time browsing. So that was nice. If you want to make sure you get in right away, make sure you always set up a reservation, no matter what time of day. Just in case. The service was also very courteous, on time, we didn't have to wait for a long time to get served drinks food or be checked on. Which was excellent.Highly recommend this to anyone in search of a new place to enjoy.
