4	Out in University and have a craving for some frozen yogurt or bubble tea? This is definitely the place to check out.Helpful, friendly staff, free samples and reasonable prices. I got a taro "boba" (bubble) tea and got to try out their non-dairy pineapple yogurt (yes! somewhere that ACTUALLY serves vegan-friendly/non-dairy frozen yogurt!).The countertop had a do-it-yourself sundae bar with 8 different kinds of frozen yogurt and 20+ toppings. If you're in the area and craving peanut butter ice cream (or other refreshingly different frozen treats), definitely check this place out.
4	Best Boba in Charlotte!! Ok, maybe it's the only boba I've yet to find or have since I moved to NC 2+ years ago, but I definitely try to go there whenever I can.I am from the boba mecca that is the Bay Area in California and I can say with confidence, that Fruiticup is definitely comparable!
3	Only a couple times have I ventured up to the University area since I've lived in Charlotte.  After dinner, I was looking for a great place to get some dessert.  We decided to come to Fuiticup, which is located in an adorable shopping plaza.  I was not disappointed.It's pretty much a given that I would love a build-your-own-sundae place, especially since they offered fro-yo.  I love love LOVE that you can also get bubble tea and coffee drinks here as well.  I built a sundae with their cheesecake yogurt, which didn't taste particularly cheescakey (perhaps because of the toppings on it), but it was still good.  I mixed in some of the boba with my dessert - holy cow, it's like a party in your mouth!!  If you build a sundae, I think it's like $.42 an ounce, which is fairly reasonable.  They offer a multitude of fruit and candy toppings for your dessert.Next time I come back, I think I'll try the bubble tea.
2	So they seem like a great spot and have great options in fro yo and boba tea. I have not been to a boba tea place since I became lactose intolerant but they promised they have a non-dairy option so I tried it. They used non-dairy creamer which I now know has the same milk protein (casein) that triggers lactose intolerance...so no...it is not a place for the lactose intolerant or vegan.
2	We had dinner at Boardwalk Billy's and decided to stop by Fruiticup for something sweet. I was pretty excited because I haven't had Froyo in a while. They have boba tea as well. Sadly, I was told that it is made out of powder :( They had a good variety of flavors as far as yogurt. It is self-serve so you grab a bowl, pick your flavors, add toppings and weigh. I got coconut and mango yogurt. I was INCREDIBLY disappointed when I went to add toppings. My favorite topping, mochi balls, were dry and hard. Luckily the fruits were fresh.Overall, the yogurt was decent. I've had much better and was displeased that this place didn't satisfy my froyo cravings!
3	YES!  I finally found bubble tea in Charlotte!  Mind you, I literally used to have bubble tea at least every other day while living in NYC where you could find a bubble tea shop on every corner in Flushing, and one my biggest gripes has been not being able to find bubble tea in Charlotte.And lo and behold, I stumbled on Fruiticup without even looking for it!  I was beyond ecstatic and marched myself in to get myself some boba.  Unfortunately, it did not meet all my boba dreams.  Their selection was pretty limited and all milk versions of tea and I tend to like the straight up tea with fruit infused in, but I went for a thai iced tea with boba since I was determined to not leave without trying it.Luckily, the thai tea I got made the cut and the boba was actually nicely cooked which a lot of bubble tea places don't get right.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The service was also really friendly and so I would definitely come back if I were in the area, but wouldn't take the 25 minute drive out of my way to get there.  Still worth trying if you like bubble tea!
4	I don't come here for the froyo even though it's pretty good, I come here for the watermelon Boba Tea and the Thai tea.  It is super delicious and the owner knows how to make it just right. He has a good list of different flavors and assortments of drinks.  The selection on the froyo is somewhat limited but makes up on the choices of condiments. My gf and I come here every chance we get.  Also, it's located in the perfect place. Go get some froyo or cold drinks at Fruiticup and walk around the pond to enjoy the view.
4	Clean and friendly.  Best boba in town!Minus 1 star for stank bathroom
2	I Like fruiticup because of its location and  so so frozen yogurt. But mainly the location! Two things I dislike is that there is a minimum charge to use debit/credit. Also to use the bathroom you need to ask for a key. Which makes it really inconvenient when their busy and your standing there for 5 minutes for them to give you the key.
3	A family friendly place to visit when the whole family is out on the boardwalk. I'm not the biggest fan of their milk teas just because it's made with powders and not the real deal. And it's not that I'm guessing it's powder.. I KNOW it's powder because it's basically displayed behind the topping bar. I personally just like this place for their frozen yogurt because their flavors aren't tart. There's one or two flavors that are tart but mainly the others are creamy and sweet.
4	been here too many times...the outdoor seats are my favorite.
5	Fruiticup was my favorite dessert shops around Charlotte! I would travel from Mt. Holly just to come here. It's right next to Boardwalk Billy's and that's how I originally discovered it & this was the first time I was introduced to boba. What a pleasant surprise. I came in here about 10 minutes before closing and I wanted to try the boba and the employee kept me here past closing just to help me pick out a flavor. Talk about great customer service! I got the flavored boba with coffee. From the first sip I was hooked. I would come here at least 2 times a week & I would send all of my friends. It's really a family friendly place and the kids will be sure to enjoy it here. I know I did. Enjoy!
5	I've been coming to this FruitiCup for the past 5 years. They have the BEST boba in Charlotte. I've tried all the flavors and my favorite is the honeydew and taro. I like adding jelly to my boba and they are the only location that does this. The froyo is also delicious and I am impressed with how clean they keep the place. I'll be coming back until I move away from Charlotte.
5	I come to fruiticup at least every other week. I was so happy when I found out there was a bubble tea place so close to my house! It's awesome that they have froyo too because my boyfriend can get something too since he doesn't like bubble tea. I always get the large green tea with boba. It's a little sweet but I think they add extra sweetener. Definitely one of my favorite spots in Charlotte.
5	I'm picky about Bubble Tea. I've had it all over the nation, so when I came to Charlotte for my birthday, I wanted a good experience. I wasn't disappointed. I was so excited that they had lactose intolerant options -- Boba without the milk. Many places sadly do not offer it that way, but I had the joy of getting a delicious mango boba. I tried the froyo as well. It was creamy, super cold, and delicious. Their topping bar doesn't leave much to be desired, and the rates weren't bad at all. The service was fast and courteous, and even the utensils were cute. This was a win in my book.
1	Avocado and macha boba tea taste so weird. The worst boba tea in the world I have tried
5	So delicious and didn't have to wait long! The guy behind the register was very kind and helped a lot by letting me taste what I was getting before I ordered it!
5	Please place to get bubble tea!!! Best in Charlotte! We tried other places and this beats all the rest hands down!!!
3	Was in town across the street and craving some dessert. The ice cream shop next door was closed, so sampled (worker gives you the sample) the pineapple, and immediately got a very large bowl filled with pineapple and plain tart. An array of toppings, but much of it has been sitting out too long. You could already tell the mochi was going to be as stale as can be, gummy bears were so hard I almost lost a tooth. A good treat, but may need to do something about the toppings that can go bad sitting out all day. If I'm ever back in the area, I really want to try their bubble tea~
