4	I was in town for the PAPA 16 tournament and since my qualifying wasn't going well, decided to head out to the record stores and do some retail therapy.  As I was walking through Lawrenceville I noticed this place with pinball machines and a pinball theme and had to check it out.  Ordered a sandwich and played a few games.  The sandwich was most excellent as was the pinball.  The games all worked great and the re-themed EM pins were really cool and a lot of fun.  The only drawbacks were that it was absolutely dead on a saturday afternoon when I would expect there to be a few people hanging around and having a nice lunch, and it's almost so well done inside that it feels uncomfortable hanging about.  I think this needs a little more of the neighborhood dive feel to it to be honest.  I feel bad saying that as it was clearly a lot of work to construct and very well done.
4	I have stopped by here twice now in the past couple of weeks.  The first time was on a Saturday morning with my fiance for coffee and the last time was on a Wednesday for lunch with my father.  Both times there hasn't been many people in the cafe which I find to be a shame.  The inside of the restaurant is decorated whimsically as the floor is painted like the bottom of the pinball machine while the tables are made to look like bumpers.  Besides all of that there are about 5 pinball machines with 2 of them being newer and 3 being of the older type.Whenever I stopped by with my fiance, I ordered an Americano as did she.  The coffee was smooth and ended up tasting good without too much bitterness which I enjoyed.  We also bought $1 worth of tokens (its frustrating to me that they don't allow quarters) and played the Adams Family pinball game which we both enjoyed.  Whenever I went with my father I ended up ordering the squealer for lunch which consisted of ham, mustard, rosemary and I forget what else that came out on a 6"(?) bun pressed like a panini,  I really enjoyed the taste of my sandwich, especially the subtle rosemary hints at the end.  While both my dad and I thought our respective sandwiches were good, sadly neither one of us thought that the sandwich was big enough to be a full lunch, much less justify the price that we paid.  Due to that we ended up stopping at a Wendys on the way home.  Even so my dad and I ended up enjoying ourselves after spending about $5 on pinball (Addam's Family and Terminator 3) which is the real reason that we came.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again in the future.  While I do not imagine that I would eat here again due to the high cost versus amount of food given, I did enjoy what I had eaten and can really see myself stopping here on leisurely Saturday morning for a Americano and game of pinball.
5	My Partner in Cuisine and I love Pinball (and food) so when we heard about this place a while back, we were really excited to try it.  We finally decided to stop in for lunch a couple Saturdays ago and were not disappointed!  The food was surprisingly excellent and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  Unfortunately, the upstairs (where most of the games are) was not open at the time, but we still stayed for a good two hours playing the games on the main floor.  We did find it somewhat alarming that the place was so dead.This place is a charming little hole in the wall and I hope that it can manage to stay in business.  Even if you don't care for pinball, at least come for the panini!  I think the upstairs is open by now so the PIC and I will be back soon!PS - Get a Medieval Madness machine and the PIC and I will personally keep you in business!
5	WOW! We have a blast every time we are here. Always open, friendly owner and staff. Great sandwiches. The coffee is amazing and we like the hot chocolate. Mostly adults but very kid friendly. The artwork is really good and perfect for the setting. It's after 10 and we are here having a blast. There is also a league that plays there, a guy just told me about it coinball.com I think he said. Fun atmosphere and always a super nice crowed. If you get a chance check it out.
5	really cool spotcoffee is .. meh
5	Very fun place to stop while in Lawrenceville! About 15 pinball machines, old and new, that range from 50 to 75 cents per play. If you love pinball, definitely stop by!Downstairs, there is a coffee shop with reasonably priced coffee, tea, and a small menu of sandwiches. The staff has always been very friendly as well.
4	I will say I did not try the food today. But it was nice being able to play a game of pinball with out screaming kids around. I had not played in years but they have a great selection of game. Some I remember from when I was a kid and new ones like the walking dead. I also have to say it gives great value for the amount you spend. I spent about 9$ for an hour of play time and if I had not sucked I bet I could of extended that time.
4	Only giving it four stars because I didn't order any coffee or snacks. But loved it. I learned the world championship of pin balling is held in Pittsburgh. My favorite machine is the Indiana Jones one. Bring dollar bills and coins. Only put tokens in the pin ball machine. No coins.
2	We thought it was a cool concept. However, the customer service needs work. A couple machines not in service, we lost tokens on one. Wish they served beer, it was BYOB though.
4	I live right around the corner from this Cafe. I won't lie, I love me some pinball. I have been inside one time before, but just to look around. This time I came to hang out and to use the free interwebz. My fiance is in love with their coffee so he came along with me. He got a latte and I was really excited to try the raspberry lemonade. The barista even allowed me to have a pre-taste to see if I would like it. Lemonade is something that could be so many things, sour, too sweet, tart, etc. This blend of fresh squeezed fruit was perfect. Not to sweet, not to sour, perfect. Christopher's latte was also delicious. I am not the biggest coffee fan, but this one was pretty good! Now, why I came to the cafe was to use the internet. It worked, which is a good thing, but there were not many tables/comfortable places to sit and to work. It was also really loud with the pinball machines. Not the most productive place to sit and work. I got done what I needed but I would not recommend coming here to work. The pinball machines were also wonderful. It is a really nice place to come and hang out and maybe have fun with friends. It was more a hang out place than a get work done place. I would go back, but not to work!
