5	Kudos to Susan's Oct 16, '10 Open House - I've been going to Susan for many years. She's a great dematologist and her office and staff are the best. Her Open Houses ...OMG! I won the very best raffle prize today - a $1350 Fraxel Hand Rejuvenation Treatments (3 in all!). Always a lot to see, sales reps to talk to, demos, samples, Susan's informative talks, refreshments/sweets, and ...oh yes! She donated $5000 to "Crossroads, Inc" Charity today. Don't miss her next Open House - a 20% discount if you bring a friend with you. Pre-buying treatments and products just makes sense!
5	If you watch the news at all I'm sure you've already seen Dr. Van Dyke, she is the go-to expert when it comes to skin in the Phoenix area and nationally as well. I would not trust my skin to anyone else.  As I near my 30s I've been more into skin care and what I could do to treat some minor sun damage from this lovely Arizona weather and Dr. Van Dyke suggested and IPL w/ PDT.  My mom got a more intense laser the same week as I did and we could not be more thrilled with the results.  Dr. Van Dyke suggested the perfect individualized treatments for each of our skin types.Since it was my first laser treatment I wasn't sure what to expect and was a little bit nervous but I was so at ease once I got there.  From the moment you walk in you are welcomed by the friendly staff and inviting waiting room with plush couches, tv, coffee, and other drinks.  Check in was smooth everyone I interacted with was so sweet and comforting.  Kelly helped out a lot and is so sweet, she's remembered me by name since my treatment which is always so nice and she exemplifies the little something extra Van Dyke Laser and Skin has over everyone else.  The RN, Heather, that did my treatment is not there anymore because she is now a Nurse Practitioner but I she was a delight to talk to, especially since I am a new nursing student. I can't wait to go back for another treatment and have full trust in her replacement, because I know doc only hires the best.  If you get the chance, attend one of her open house's and bring a friend!  They are super fun and you get a 20% discount which helps a student like me.  There is always great food and drinks and you can learn so much.  As soon as I hear of one I plan my schedule around it, they're that great!
2	I was disappointed in my experience at Van Dyke Laser. I had researched laser fat removal and was very interested in Cool Sculpting. When looking in the Scottsdale area for an office, I came upon Van Dyke Laser who happened to be having an open house the following week. After going to the open house in which you can see one of the assistants for recommendations, I was advised by Heather that I was not a good candidate for Cool Sculpting as I did not have enough fat, but would be great for Liposonix.  I had never heard of this prior to that night at which a gentleman from Liposonix was present. I signed up and had the Liposonix treatment on my abdominal area about 3 weeks later.  Everything was great that day, nice staff, nice office and Grace who did the procedure was really nice. Heather came in to get her going and I felt as if this was the first time that Grace had done this procedure by herself as Heather gave instructions on the levels 30 ,40 , etc. and how to administer the pain medication.After 2 hours , I was able to leave and told that results would show in 8-12 weeks. Also, the office would want to see me at that time. Well, it is now 6 months later and the procedure did nothing for me. It was a waste of money and on top of that, I have never had 1 follow up phone call from the office to see how the procedure went or how it progressed. Very disappointed and I would not recommend this office or procedure!
5	From the front office staff to the providers and the doctor herself, Van Dyke Laser is really the premier cosmetic dermatology practice in the valley. I've had a full range of treatments here- injectables, IPL, laser hair removal, Cool Sculpting- and they have all been fantastic. Especially laser hair removal- I've had great results and not having to shave my underarms more than a few times a month is a blessing, especially in the summer! You would think the costs would be high since it's in Paradise Valley, but it's really comparable to other places- plus the office staff help you use manufacturer rebates to get the best deal possible.
5	Just returned from a "skin care bootcamp.". The staff at Van Dyke are all warm, welcoming, and quite knowledgeable about their products (including the non-clinical staff).  Dr.  Van Dyke was informative, down to earth and funny during her lecture.  Looking forward to learning more about them and their services.
