2	from the outside this place looks hella shady and from the inside it's not any better. I was so hungry, i tried it anyways. i ordered the Kung Pow chicken, it was okay, better than some quick chinese food to go. however, they slice up the chicken so small that it's about the same size as the diced water creast. The rice is barely enough. the worst part have got to be the service. The cashier is this B*%ch who is unhappy about her work. She is rude to every customer and her tone of voice is just so mean. i would not go back because of the service.
3	If three stars in Yelp parlance is "A-OK" then I give this place three stars.  It's been my Chinese delivery option for nearly five years, and everything that I've ever ordered from them has been slightly above average.  If you're being a hermit for the night and want reliable Chinese delivery, then this place is as good as most, and better than some. As a side note, I once decided to pick-up my order rather than have it delivered, and based on what I saw, I'd probably not eat on-site.  The actual restaruant is singularly unappealing from the inside.  That doesn't factor into my rating in this review, however, as their delivery has never been anything other than prompt and their prices reasonable.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars for several reasons.  Under normal circumstances I would rate the food a 3-4, but I'm giving them an extra star for service AND an extra star for transparency (I shall explain below).  Here's the deal.  I love my asian food more than most and in particular I grew up eating some of the most amazing Chinese in Philadelphia because my dad's whole family worked at a Chinese restaurant.  We had it at least 2-3 times a week. My mom ate it when she was preggers with me and I think I have about a half a Chinese chromosome because of that.  That said, I'm usually pretty discerning about Chinese food and in most cases I'm hyper critical of the fried rice and the lo mein.My roommate wanted us to order from Kwan & Wok the other nite because it was raining, we were both feeling lazy and he wanted delivery.  I rallied for my fave Diamonds just down the street, but as it was Wednesday, they were closed. So I capitulated and said I'd give Kwan & Wok a try.  The roomie's had it before and loves that they deliver.  We didn't have a menu on-hand, but sure enough they have a very efficient little website with clear images of their menu.  Nice! Everything we ordered was from this page:  http://www.kwanandwok.com/menu6.htmlNow my first reaction when I saw the website was "oh gross....they admit that this is Chinese FAST FOOD".  My roomie doesn't know from good Chinese and thinks that Panda Express is the bee's knees. We selected several items and called in our order: Egg Flower Soup, Pork Fried Rice, PorkEgg Foo Young and  House Lo Mein.  How long is the wait, I ask.  He says the guy said 45 minutes (and I grumble with the hungry grumpies), but I bet it'll be here sooner, my roomie speculates. Sure as sunshine in Arizona, the doorbell rings 20 minutes later and the order was 100% correct and faster than expected!We unpack everything & everything looks great, smells delicious and tastes even better!  Bonus materials -- we got 1 1/2 cartons of white rice (I've noticed that my fave Diamonds does not give you white rice unless you specifically ask for it).  We also got a nice assortment of condiments, fortune cookies AND a free batch of crab puffs!  Score! K&W wins an extra star for service; (1) super fast delivery and (2) free goodies go a long way!The egg foo young was AMAZING!!  The lo mein, awesome. The soup, good. The fried rice was actually OK, considering the name of the restaurant and here's where I'm giving another extra star for transparency.  Kwan & Wok doesn't portend to be a fancy-schmancy upscale joint. They don't even pretend to be pedestrian fare.  The actual name of the restaurant, as indicated on their website and menu is "Kwan & Wok Chinese Fast Food" -- and that's what it was.  I wouldn't go to McDonalds if I wanted Ruth's Chris and I wouldn't go to Pizzeria Bianco expecting Domino's schlock.  Kwan & Wok tells you right up front, "we are fast food" and that's what it is. For that matter, the food did arrive super fast AND frankly I think their Egg Foo Young & Lo Mein had better flavor than a lot of places I've tried.I will definitely order from them again and hope that future experiences are consistent with my first, when I'm in the mood/need for Chinese Fast Food!
1	If one star means "Eek! Methinks not," then one star it is.  I'm not even sure what I got from here was food! The outside is shady indeed, the inside is in fact shadier, and the food and service... you get the idea.  I ordered the beef and broccoli lunch which included fried rice - a safe bet at any Chinese place.  What I ended up with seemed like some sort of gelatinized beef fat... at least I hope.  If it wasn't fat, I have no clue what it was.  And the fried rice looked something like rice, but I don't even know how to describe what it tasted like.  Needless to say, I didn't take 3 bites of the plate before throwing it out.  And I kind of feel sick just thinking about it.I haven't found a great Chinese place in Phoenix yet, but I can guarantee you I'd avoid even driving past this place -- and I suggest you do the same.
5	I love love love this place. A friend told me about it, and even though it's about 7 miles out of my way...I decided to try it. I go back often now! Super cheap, very good food, great service, nice folks, and did I mention....good food? It's definitely fast food Chinese, but when you're in the mood for that type Kwan & Wok is a must. Try the house special chicken, yum! The restaurant could do with a remodel, but hey...you get what you pay for.
3	My first delivery Chinese food in Phoenix. I did not hate it but have not gone since. For a solo eater 20 bucks minimum sucks. The food was good and prompt, continue supporting local businesses.
1	I ordered from this place twice.  The first time was ok and the 2nd was horrible and they got my sweet and sour pork order wrong.  I tried to call in another order and the guy on the phone didn't let me explain what I wanted and told me to not order from there again if I wasn't happy.  I never went back, I think there are many other places where the food is way better than this place as well as the service.  I don't need to spend my money at a place that does not value it's customers.  Also, the place is a filthy dive.
4	I've been coming to this place on and off for about 3 years now and I love it. Wen I'm really in the mood I'll even drive out from across town for it! Their crab puffs and teriyaki chicken are the favorites coupled with, what I think is, the BEST fried rice ever! I think it's the bean sprouts or something... Seriously though, they're not much to look at but they're super delicious!
1	I ordered today a delivery order and was told it would be about 45 minutes.An hour and a half later, I called back to check on the order and was informed "the guy is on his way" and then was hung up on. I called back and asked what the delay was and had the food been driving around for the past hour or what's going on.  I was told "look, u want the food or not? I just don't care. I will cancel the order if you want" I DO CARE!!!I asked to speak with owner or manager and was told, "look nobody cares so take it or leave it".RUDE and RUDENOT Recommended!!!
2	Very typical strip mall-ish take out joint. Nothing special at all. Service is minimal and its obvious they just want to get your money and you to get out ASAP. Food was overcooked quite a bit and just not good.
4	First this is classic american Chinese cuisine - not classic Chinese or modern fusion. Now with that said Kwan and wok is pure classic Chinese comfort food!!! I have been eating here since i was 15 and it never ever lets me down. Bright red sweet and sour pork and tasty old school fried rice. You would miss the location if you were not looking for it - its in a classic basic strip mall but what is inside is worth going out of your way for :) it has all the classic fried yumminess us city kids grew upOn:))) all classics are awesome and portions are large so it goes beyond 2 servings :) The oil is fresh and clean which is huge in quality fried food - im a huge believer that if we are eating fried - may it be worth it :))) this is worth a stop :))) i really love the chow mane and fried rice- all of the diff fried rice! The soup is greAt and even the egg rolls are awesome- they do have pork in them - heads upFor my veggies in the house :)))Its a takeout spot but if you do eat in- bathroom is clean and its by the light-rail. Why not 5 stars ? The crab puff use to be amazing and now it is more like a won ton :/ everything else is still amazing :) enjoy!
2	I think we were the only people in here for lunch on a weekday, and I could see why.This is the place that time has forgotten, old, tables and everything else. The menu was somewhat generic.Our dishes were mediocre at best I don't have much to say other than there are many better choices for you.
4	The Egg Rolls are pretty great, I think my favorite in Phoenix and only $0.99.  They are the fried kind with pork and cabbage.  Yum!  The other menu items are avg to good, depending..  I probably order from here one a month.  My favorites are the Mongolian Chicken, Chicken Egg Foo Young and the Egg Rolls.  My housemate doesn't like the onions in the Mongolian Chicken, I think it makes the dish!Other reviews on here is correct about the place and decor.   They could improve things just by painting over the wood on the seating area.  Their website is down, as they were given a website because of the Light Rail expansion.  They were not given the ability to maintain it, and it is not down.  Thats too bad, now I have to keep and order off of their paper menu, just not as convenient.I give this place 4 stars (80th percentile for my area of Phoenix).  Good Price, good Food, great deal if not just for the Egg Rolls.
1	The staff is extremely rude. They have absolutely no knowledge of customer service. Placed an order and the person who answered the phone said 15min for delivery. After over an hour, I called to check on the status and the they said we dont deliver and hug up on me. They've definitely lost myself and my friends as customers.
1	Food was bland and uninteresting. Even for cheap Chinese the food was not good. I ended up throwing it all away.
2	they must have changed the cook this place used to be great but the order i got last week was crap tasteless muck i have used this place for ten years but i will use it no more after last week
