4	I stopped by this place after eating at Tin Tin today. Apparently they opened recently because after a quick Google I found a Charlotte Observer article from a few days ago talking about it.Anyways, it's your typical Asian market, except with a little emphasis on different types of tea.Prices seemed reasonable-- I bought a frozen pack of yakisoba for $2.99 when in Japan it's normally about $1.50 or $2.It's not very large, so it's entirely possible that they won't have exactly what you are looking for (I wanted some mayonnaise, but they didn't stock it), but they did have fresh and frozen produce and meat.Check it out if you're in the neighborhood!Edit: Thanks Erin F! Apparently they now have the delicious Kewpie mayo in stock there.
4	I'd taken note of this place after seeing an article in Creative Loafing--so I looked it up while in that area.  I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in (most ethnic markets I've visited are small, crammed full, and not super clean) --this one was just the opposite.  They had a small selection of sandwiches so I ordered lemongrass pork to take home.  While waiting on my eats, I decided to browse.  While they had a vast array of merchandise--anything from fresh octopus to okra, it was nicely displayed making it easy to check out the great variety of items.  I love to cook, but I admit that many of the items I had no clue what they were or how to use them.  That's what made this place so fascinating for a culinary enthusiast.  I could have spent over an hour taking in the wide variety of items --they probably had more than 20 different kinds of soy sauce alone. If you're a fan of stuffed dumplings, they had a plethora to choose from.  I didn't check out their selection of loose specialty teas--they had many boxed varieties as well.  I chose a few goodies for myself --my sandwich was waiting for me at checkout, and I had a chance to speak with the owner on my way out.  Seems this place has been here for about a year and the present owner purchased it 3 months ago.  I'll definitely come back when I have more time and am not so hungry.  Fast Fwd. to home-- the sandwich is delicious!  First,  I was impressed with the quality of the baguette--it was golden and crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside.  The pork was superbly seasoned and my sandwich was stuffed full of fresh cilantro, pickled diakon, and julienned carrots.  It was quite a bargain for $3.99!  I'll try some of the other sandwiches when I'm in the mood for some good takeaway.
5	I just moved to the area from Pittsburgh, and I was worried that I wouldn't be able to find decent Asian groceries in the area.  I was scared that I'd been spoiled by Lotus in the Strip District.  When I walked into this place I breathed a huge sigh of relief.I would put down betting money that the owners are Vietnamese, because they have an amazing array of Vietnamese imports.  There was a decent chunk of Chinese, Thai, Japanese (a box of mochi for 1.29!), and Korean (though only one type of Kimchi, sad--but no worries, I bought some base to make my own).While I wandered the aisles, amazed at the array, Bob went all brave on me and bought a durian boba tea slushy.  The bobas were sub par, but where else will someone make you durian *anything*?  It was delicious and weird tasting at the same time.Their shelf goods are priced well, and I bought everything I wanted for under 30 dollars, including a pack of freshly made Vietnamese spring rolls with dipping sauce for 3.00.  Their produce isn't any cheaper than Harris Teeter, say, but of course they carry cabbages you won't find elsewhere.Highly recommended for adventurous cooks!
4	Since arriving here a month ago, I've been struggling to find a decent Asian market. Finally I've found one!Zen is cleaner than your average Asian market, has friendly staff and a good variety of products. They have a whole aisle dedicated to different noodles and their produce section is really cheap (and pretty fresh!).I think the defining characteristic for Zen over many others is the brand variety for most of their products. They carry 3-6 brands of the same item which allows you to price and ingredient compare (and you don't have to cave and buy only Kikkoman/Lee Kum Kee products).I was absolutely sunshiny for finding this place. I'll definitely be returning! :)
4	No mogwai's up in this place but still a nice market! I stopped here the other night before a doctors appointment just to peruse and see what they had to offer. The smell of seafood was the first thing that hit me....even though the seafood was placed in the back. Hmmm, fishy......They had pretty much everything in here---produce, seafood, tofu, brick-a-brack, tea, canned veggies, baking items. etc. Very nice selection of hot teas-organic and normal varieties such as jasmine, green tea, oolong, black, etc with reasonable prices. I was looking for a flavored green tea and sadly didn't find it but saw the had a few different brands of green tea-decaf and full on caffeine!Even though the seafood aroma was in the air, I wish I didn't have the doctors appointment b/c I would have gotten some shrimp to take home--only $3.99/lb of small shrimp! I definitely want to come back to check it out further to see what it has to offer in the spice and produce section.
4	So happy to find a place to get myself a Bahn Mi.  YUMMY! Not only does this place have yummy goods already made (fresh spring rolls, puto) but also has just about everything you need (food wise) to make an Asian happy in Charlotte. Now go and get yourself a Bahn Mi! Can't beat $3.50 for lunch :)
5	It's super convenient and has everything that an Asian grocery store should offer. The staff is super nice. Unfortunately I recently heard Zen is out of business already.... :(
