2	Often has items out of stock. Cashiers are rude and often can't speak English. Floor employees are better than management employees. Don't bother asking them to price match, they have every excuse in the world not to bother even if it is policy.
3	Largish Home Depot, kind of in a dead zone between Parc and St Laurent on Beaubien. Like most urban big box stores, the prices are generally a bit higher than the same in the suburbs, with less variety. Maybe the sidestreet location works for them in a way - there is generally ample parking with room for an outdoor garden center in the summer, the building is big, the aisles are wide... and yet it feels like there are too few good options when it comes to basic useful things. There is an entire hallway full of overpriced lighting fixtures, iron mini chandeliers everywhere all lit up, but only teeny tiny areas for things like, you know: kitchen chairs, shelving, patio furniture - things that to me seem more basic and hard to find in the area. There are a couple aisles devoted to giant sheets of wood and sheetrock and things I know very little about, but I do know empty when I see it, so I'm figuring local contractors know better places to get their needs met.We've had some decent service from the generally young and hard to find staff here, but usually it's with a bit of a shrug that says "hey man, i just work here;" with one shiny exception being a young guy in the paint department who looked at the wall of swatches with me forever, totally happy and calm and helpful, solely earning the 3rd star.
3	I like the gardening section best, try going off season for the best deals.  Other than that they have a good paint section (although for some reason it always takes longer than you expect), the staff can match any color you want and they have a wide selection of products so you can find pretty much anything you need for both indoor and outdoor.It is a good place for light bulbs, (for those funky lamps with really weird light bulbs), it is more a DIY place I'll admit so knowing what you need and or being patient whilst looking for the someone to help you out, will keep you from losing your cool.They can also cut a lot of things to measure, saving you money and time, again come prepared with what you need and they can help.I also suggest you open an account if your doing a big project, it will save you time by allowing your workman to just pick stuff up, and a good way to keep your project accounting in one place.
2	I sometimes wonder if I should bring a bloodhound with me to the store so that I can have it find an employee. Then again, when I do find the employee they take me to the empty shelf. Except for one cashier, they seem unable to converse in English in even the simplest and rudimentary fashions (like Thank You or Good Day). Recently they moved things around in some parts of the store, so now you have to hunt for what used to be familiar. Pulled out the Harvey's and replaced it with Subway, so now you can have a bread sandwich after you finish your hunt for products.Bought a bicycle rack here that wasn't made to actually hold a bicycle. Their own brand (Husky). I don't know which is sadder, the fact that the metal for the bicycle rack is completely contorted, or the fact that the wood rail has the edges lifted off. The bicycle rack that I do want is listed on their website as "not in stock". Big shocker. Seriously, how hard is it to track the SKUs that you sell by computer? Isn't that the point of an inventory system? Maybe I would save time by driving the extra 4km to the competitors store instead of stopping here in hopes of finding products on the shelves!Only good change, you can now get your receipt in email. It's a miracle! Now, if I could only find things to buy in the store instead of empty shelves and excuses.
4	i've spent countless hours during the holidays period looking at decorations and whatnot. their website makes it so much easier to find what you're looking for and to top it off, you can compare prices with other similar stores.are there better and cheaper stores than home depot? yes!what i like about home depot is that they carry things that you would only find online or in the US like the peanuts holiday decorations.where else would i find charlie brown's sad tree locally, to boot the musical one and for $5? for that, i love HD.tip: use the website to look for what you need, compare the price before setting foot in one. you'll save a lot of time in those renovation stores and especially in this one as there's literally no one to help you.
5	Bon honnetement, j'ai toujours prefere reno-depot, mais la je dois admettre que je suis toujours decu quand j'y vais. Donc, je me tourne vers Home depot et boum, ils ont ce que je veux, le service est A1 et j'ai pas a attendre 15 minutes pour me faire servir ou passer a la caisse. En plus, ils offrent des services, comme la coupe de store, que reno depot ne fait plus!
1	20 minutes I have been waiting around and asking for assistance from someone to make 2 simple wood cuts for me. There is NOBODY around here.
