1	The one star is only because I had to give it at least one in order to rate it at all.On a recent Monday, I popped in. Atrocious is all I can say. Maybe they were just having an off day. I dunno.There were two young guys sitting out front smoking, along with a female store employee.The glass front door was covered in smudges. As was the glass that lets one view the fixings.The counter where the food was prepared was dirty.The soda fountain area was dirty as well. Stains all about...  The tables and chairs in the place were all disarranged. And the ones I looked at appeared dirty.The young man making the food did not wash his hands before helping a customer and he didn't change his gloves. Then I saw him wipe his nose on his arm.The female store employee came inside and went to the back. She appeared at the counter less than a minute later, pulling on gloves. Surely she had no time to wash her hands.One of the young men she had sat outside with came in about shortly after and proceeded to place his order. She began preparing his sub. I think at that point they became aware I was watching them because they stopped talking and she stopped making his sub. I needed to use the restroom but dared not. I was afraid it would be filthiest of all.
4	Normally I am all about small business, "mom & pop" restaurants any day, but it is good to have a Subway, especially in downtown Matthews.  Something about being able to get in and out pretty quickly and know that you are getting a consistent product in the form of a sandwich and your choice of toppings....This location is one of the many eating choices you have in the Matthews area near Town Hall/Library.  The parking can be an issue depending on what time of day you are here especially with the diagonal parking spaces and traffic flow.Decent size dining room and patio and the sandwich artists are nice and courteous (as per their training I'm sure).  Since the Subway occupies the end of the building row, it makes for an interesting layout (unlike the usual, strip mall longways set up).
2	You can often see the workers outside smoking and BS'n with friends who visit them.  Totally unprofessional, no smiles, won't be back
