4	Chef H, hero of Chowhound, regaled in Get Out and the AZ Republic is known by few and worshipped by even fewer for his incredible Mediterranean cooking. Absolute Shame. The man is a culinary hero in a mall...in ..... Gilbert. Rumour is he was a chef at the Biltmore and a few other swanky spots before he opened up his own spot. You will find Chef H's Restaurant and Grill off of Pecos and Lindsay. The restaurant is not really in a strip mall - more like the Tiny Tikes version of a strip mall -  6-7 businesses strung together with the big draw being the federal express office.  It is a long shoe box of a place. There is a line of  booths, grab one.  Quickly the wait staff will swoop down on you and insist on taking care of your every need. Water, yes, with lemon, yes -"POOF" water iced with lemon for the whole table. I like.  I could get used this kind of attention. Next a platter, yes a platter, amuse bouche takes on a whole new meaning at Chef H. The platter is intended as a small taste of the numerous Mediterranean side dishes the restaurant offers. Based upon what you like on the platter determines what you will order from the menu. I'll keep this simple - the sides are all astoundingly fresh, the tastes are wonderful and flavorful. Let me give you an example, it is one of those I once was the devil but then I found jeebus moments. I hate carrot salad, nasty childhood experience, but Chef H's carrot salad- amazing. Absolutely amazing. Clearly, he and my mother were not cooking from the same cookbook. Yes, brothers and sisters, I have converted. Praise Jeebus. Can I get an hallelujah? Another big part of the menu is the meats- lamb, beef, chicken and a ground meat which name escapes me but at the time did not slow me down from trying it and very, very tasty. All the accompanying sauces that are typical of Mediterranean fareare here. But, unlike the gluey cucumber dressing I've come to accept, Chef H's condiments are umm, what word have I used now more than 50 times through out this review, right, Amazing! So, why only 4 and not the big 5...no liquor license. However, you can bring your own! Praise Jeebus! Throughout the meal it is typical for the Chef to come out and greet you, ask you how you like the meal, what brought to his restaurant. If you are a foodie this is a lot of fun, if you aren't you still get to marvel at his really tall tuque. You know, the big white hat, The whole place is grand with the exception of the pesky location. Peco and Lindsay is close to...nowhere. But Chef H's is worth it.
3	3.5 Stars It was good...just not great.  $28 for my wife and I...not cheap either.VERY few Vegetarian dishes for my wife...  I saw the write up from Get Out saying that the chef used to work at the Phoenician and Biltmore.
3	CHEF H IS CLOSEDWe went when it first opened.  Echo similar comments -- not cheap, but good mediterranean food (only one close).  It was good, not great.  Too bad to see it go though.
