4	I went to this pharmacy yesterday to transfer a prescription, after a bad experience at another Walgreens in town (I reviewed them separately, right before this one). I was a little peevish when I got there but needed to get it done (I touched some wild mustard and have an appalling rash; I needed more ointment!). My only complaint about this pharmacy was that there was no obvious drop-off place. I stood by the cash registers and waited there, as I didn't want to clog up the consult window (which is shielded nicely for privacy). After about 45 seconds a pharmacist walked over (Pete!). I gave him my tube of ointment to check the price. At this point I became a blathering idiot, as I was unsure of my insurance status (in my defense, it has changed twice in the last year) and then not sure if I even had my card on me. The pharmacist was very patient and calm with me, despite my stupidity. They transferred and filled my prescription within ten minutes (completely acceptable), and I was good to go.I have been to this store before. Everybody that works there does a perfectly fine job. I only wish it were open 24 hours.
5	Can't find anything to complain about here. Was in there for a flu shot and the staff was as nice as can be. They were very smart and they were very polite. It's worth stopping in for a snack or two if in the area. But...c'mon, it's Walgreens, nothing too crazy.
4	It's a Walgreen's - if you've been to one, you've been to most. They're pretty standard. Good pharmacies/drugstores with a bit of convenience items.  This location gets particular kudos for having a polite, well-run, and up-to-speed 1hr photo department. Not all Walgreen's locations have good photo labs, and this one is definitely up to snuff.
1	The pharmacy is AWFUL. I came in to fill a prescription two days early because my insurance deductible was rolling over for the new year, and I wanted to beat it to save money. When I explained this to the pharmacist, she accused me of wanting to get my prescription early, not to save money, but because I needed the pills. I went to CVS today, and her refusing to actually talk to me and understand me cost me ONE HUNDRED EXTRA DOLLARS. For her sake, I hope I never see that girl outside of Walgrreens. Although I should add that young blonde guy who works up front is very sweet and helpful whenever I've gone in there, but after the way I've been treated repeatedly by the pharmacy staff, I will never set one foot in that store, ever again.
