5	The odds are that if you're a yelper, and you've motored up Hayden Rd. in Scottsdale and passed Harper's Nursery, you've noticed the L.E.D. powered 'open' sign shaped like a coffee cup hanging in the window...It took me a few weeks to get down there and investigate, but one day I decided to give it a shot, as I had some busy work to get done, and I wanted to go somewhere besides Jamaican Blue or Orange Table - my  usual stops.  What I discovered was Oscar's Coffee Bar.Tucked in near the entrance to Scottsdale's last family-owned and operated nursery, one will find a java joint like no other in the valley.  While it might not be the sort of place you want to meet a snooty high profile client or present a portfolio, it is absolutely the sort of place to go when you want to sit down with a cup of expertly-roasted coffee in a garden-like setting that almost makes one feel like they're on sabbatical in Central America.Inside the coffee shop itself, there is a fun assortment of musical instruments including a piano, a few guitars, as well as a small amplifier and microphone - in addition to gardening information galore.  There's also a nice vintage Pioneer stereo that's usually playing something good.All in all, its a great place.  The nursery itself feels more like a park than a place of business, and there are nearly a dozen little benches, chairs, and the like sprinkled throughout the yard.  The staff is superb, and its one of those places where everything is for sale - including the chairs you sit on and the tables you park your latte.In conclusion, support this business.  And if you're buying seeds, plants or trees, buy them at Harpers.  They won't die like the ones you buy at Lowe's and Home Depot.  Why?  Because Harper's grows most everything they sell, and its acclimated to the desert.  They'll tell you how to plant what you buy, and they'll make sure you have everything you need.  They'll even put it in the ground for you if you so wish... for a fee.Once again, pleasantly surprised with this one...  Pay them a visit!  I mean, where else in the valley can you sip a mocha and peruse a greenhouse at the same time?
5	A great little coffee shop tucked away in a beautiful nursery. I needed to get some work done and enjoy a nice cup of coffee. I sat at my own table with a nice fall breeze and great- but not overwhelming- background music . The quaint artwork and musical instruments on display were also a welcome distraction too:) A nice find that I'll be heading back to again!
5	What a relaxing place to have coffee or hot chocolate. The coffee tastes great, and Ted & Maria make an awesome latte. The garden at Harper's Nursery is always beautiful, and it's like a little nature getaway in the middle of the city. Highly recommend it!
5	I go for the hot chocolate on a chilly morning. My daughter loves their lattes. And we really enjoy the quaint atmosphere of a nursery in the background. A serene way to spend a morning. Ted and Maria are absolutely fabulous hosts. Ted is a musician and every so often, they jam at the nursery. Don't miss it. Also, Maria does monthly events and fundraisers for local charities. If you have dogs, they just started selling treats for them. Bonus!
5	I'm a smitten kitten. Just beautiful. The coffee was fantastic and being that Oscar's is no where near my area of town, I wish I had been able to explore Harper's Nursery a little more. Thankfully my mocha was so tasty there will definitely be a round 2...3,4,5 you get where I'm going with this...A quaint, lovely place to relax and enjoy a great tasting cup of coffee. You could easily miss this nursery/coffee stand while looking for a caffeine fix and if it weren't for Yelp, I never would've known it was there. I encourage you to stop, take a moment, have a latte and pretend you're somewhere else.
5	5 stars to Oscar's Coffee Bar!!!  In the spring, we hosted a tea party at Harper's Nursery and Ted from Oscar's Coffee Bar made it a fantastic event.  All of the children along with their parents came to the nursery dressed in their finest and we all got to sample different teas and nibble on cookies provided by Oscar's Coffee Bar. Delicious!  It really is a must visit place the scenery is beautiful, the owners are so nice, and the coffee is great! Every time I host an event there, I end up with a plant in one hand a coffee in the other and a great big smile on my face!  Thank You!
4	This coffee shop is at Harper's Nursery on Hayden Rd. in Scottsdale.  It reminds me of a coffee shop that used to be in a nursery in Encinitas, CA.  We enjoyed some coffee and walked the nursery grounds.  We were not able to buy any plants since we were traveling but saw some neat things. It was nice to then sit down in the shop and listen to the old Pioneer stereo playing Chet Baker.  Coffee, plants and jazz...sounds like a walk in the park.
1	I wanted to love this place as it's adorable and tucked into a corner at Harper's Nursery. The gentleman staffing the bar seemed a bit gruff, but a good caffeine fix will help me forgive even the orneriest grump.That being said, my iced mocha was among the worst I have ever experienced. It was bitter and full of grounds. A few sips turned my stomach. This will definitely not be a repeat for me, no matter how many times I wants to skip about the lovely plants at Harper's.
