4	Haven't gotten a tat -yet! Went for a piercing. These r the kinda places that, no, you wouldn't think to go for a regular "I'm going to get my ears pierced" kinda place. But yup, i did. I have 6 on my ears, 2 closed up, so i had them re-done. I had the preconcieved notion i would be scoffed at with such a miniscle request apon walking in - not so!  I was treated with respect, & full service, as if i had never had something like this done before. (I was likely their easiest client ever - lol).I really appreciated not having eyes rolled at for such a tiny job.  Talk about taking their job serious!  Thanx!  (maybe next time the tat.... u never know)
5	OK, I am definitely not the know it all when it comes to tattoos, but my friend told me about Wise Magic when I was decided to get my first tattoo. I walked in their on a whim one day and I have to say that they did not make me feel stupid, though I definitely felt that way. I looked through the books to see if I liked anybodys art work. I was looking for somebody that was really good with color....and I noticed the Reverend Rad Chad's work. Ironically, it was the same guy that I was talking to when I came in. I booked an appt that day for a couple weeks later. A few days before, I walked in (when I was supposed to be at a party...shameful I know) and decided right then and there I was going to get it done. I loved his design of my plethora of stars and how he did the coloring (all purple) and shading was amazing! It was a painless experience as well and I loved it that my tattoo didn't look all red and puffy when it was done. I went to the party after and received compliments as well. ***Blush**** If and when I get tattoo #2 and #3...I am definitely going back there!
5	When 5 of us decided we wanted tattoos, at the same time no less, we went to wisemagic based on reviews from friends.  Although the tattoo artist we were recommended to no longer worked there, Mark worked with us to ensure we had a highly enjoyable experience.  Mark did three of the tattoos (mine included) and Tami did the other two.  I have nothing bad to say about either of them!  Both were personable and professional, working with us to tweak our original drawings numerous times.  Both artists were professional not only on the day of the tattoos, but from day one.  Right when we entered the shop, we were greeted and put at ease to discuss our designs.  The shop is VERY clean, both in appearance and in artist attention.  It was reassuring to watch Mark and Tami scrupulously clean their workspace in between each of our tattoos and I lost count of how many times they changed their gloves.  Both artists answered questions throughout the process with tact and professionalism.  I felt totally at ease and will definitely be going back for a few more pieces.
5	Looking for a super clean, friendly shop and a phenomenal tattoo? You have found your place! I worked closely with Tami on a very complicated design. She nailed it on the head and it is so beautiful! I'm all set up for another tattoo with Tami in a few weeks and once again, the design she drew is amazing.  I don't know the other artists in the shop, but everyone was so friendly and nice. The shop is beautiful and very well kept. Your safety is their #1 priority and the few times I've been in the shop it has always been spotless. If this is your very first tattoo or your 100th, this is the perfect shop to visit!
5	Tami is awesome!!!! I went in today for my second tattoo by her and she did a terrific job.  This shop is clean and the other artists working there are always courteous and nice. I am going back in 2 weeks to get a touch-up and some more added to the first tattoo Tami did for me.  I highly recommend this place as I know a couple others who have went to Tami and came out very happy.
5	Tami is awesome! I went into the shop today to get a price on a couple tattoo's, after I left she called me 10 minutes after and said she could do my tattoo's. I ant back of course. She was very nice and safety was her #1 priority! She opened everything up in front of and changed out her gloves a dozen times. The place was clean. I enjoyed talking to Jessica& Tami. I love my tattoo! If you want to go somewhere clean, with nice people and awesome work, then this is the right place! YOU ROCK, TAMI! I WILL SEE YOU AGAIN SOON FOR MORE TATS AND I WILL BE REFERING PEOPLE TO YOU!
4	I LOVE this shop! I was referred by a good family friend after my artist moved up to Seattle. I checked out a few other shops in Scottsdale and Tempe, where the artists were stuck-up and waaay overpriced (I got quoted $900 for a 4 by 2 inch black tatoo, for reals?!). Anyway, I found my way up to Wisemagic and fell in love with Tanner. His work is phenomenal, and better yet, he understood what I wanted. I've been going there for a few years now and have referred all of my friends. Everyone loves the shop, the artists and their tattoos! If you're looking for some talented artists, reasonable prices and you're sick of the stupid tattoo culture of Scottsdale and Tempe, get your butt up to Wisemagic!
5	Finally writing this review!!Came here last month with my mom to get ink for my birthday. I haven't lived in AZ long so I was a little nervous finding a new tattoo place. Tanner was my artist and he was great. My mom wanted her first tattoo and he was welcoming and funny-did a great job. Tattoos are nothing new for me so I really appreciated his attention to detail and his kick ass personality- not to mention he also didn't overcharge us. I love my new ink and she loves hers too!
5	BEST PLACE IN THE WORLD TO GET A TAT !!!!I have been going to mark since i was 18 years old ..  27 now  :)Clean , great work , take's his time , what else can you ask for ?GET UR TATS HERE AND U WON'T BE UNHAPPY !!!!
5	Clean, knowledgeable and kind. The first time for my daughters and a friend. Robert pierced both my daughters and was amazing... so professional, informative and funny... was the perfect experience for me as a Mom and my daughters... and he promised to address any issue - amazing.Aaron tatooed my daughters' friend... was awesome, patient and helpful... it was our first time.Amazing experience... would highly recommend.
5	Tami at Wisemagic is incredible! She's done 2 of my 4 tattoos and I will never go anywhere else! She was patient when I had her stop a billion times while doing my side ribcage and was super nice. Customer for life!
5	I have not gotten a tattoo in years. Made an appointment with Aaron and he hit it out of the ballpark! Nice guy, great artist and knew what he was doing.  We were joking about how it looked like a sticker on my arm.  I would highly recommend!
5	On vacation, I wanted to get a quick tattoo as a commemoration of my trip.  I'm pretty covered, so if I'm not in the process of a big tattoo, the only things I can get  done are small, fill-in pieces.  I wrote to them on Facebook prior to the shop opening that day and received a quick response.  They had time right as the shop opened and Tanner worked on my arm.  He was cool, did a good job on my piece, and didn't seem to have any problem at all with my early drop-in (some artists do exude attitude over these types of things, but Tanner was great).  I'll be back, as my family has a house in Scottsdale and I plan on coming back often.  Thanks guys!
5	This tattoo shop does something which is extremely rare, that is it lives up to the hype.  After searching dozens of shops work online, I found Mark's.  When I visited him to discuss the full sleeve I wanted to do he was very receptive to my ideas and drew me a custom piece.  He very patiently went though several rounds of revisions with me  and now that I've finished my second sitting I couldn't be happier.  Also, the environment is everything you could ask for from a tattoo shop.  Well decorated and clean as an operating room, you can tell Mark and his Co-workers take pride in their work.  I'm traveling 50 miles each way to get work done here and would recomend you do the same!
4	I had been thinking about getting a small tattoo on my arm, and checked Yelp before deciding on a place. I picked Wisemagic based on the good reviews. I called ahead and made a same-day appointment with Tanner.  He was great - he was ready for me when I arrived, very personable, and put me at ease despite my nervousness. The tattoo was reasonably priced and quick - I was in and out in about 30 minutes. And yes, the toilet was spotless, which was a pleasant surprise!I wish I could give 5 stars but I reserve those for flawless experiences, and there was one small hiccup.....when I arrived, Tanner asked another tattoo artist to show me the font books so I could select one for my tattoo. This other guy's tone was gruff, abrupt and condescending. All I can say is, I'm glad Tanner was my artist and not this guy!
4	Great shop! I walked in with ease and Tami was very willing to help me out with my first tattoo. She was great and my tattoo was exactly what I wanted!
5	Tami is the best! All of my tattoos and piercings have been done at this shop. Very clean! with great people working there. Tami does great work! I have brought her ideas and she has always figured out what I want. She even has just drawn strait on my skin with sharpie and it looks great! Mike did all my piercings and I never had any problems with them. I wish that I will be there soon to see tami.
5	After many years, I finally decided to get another tattoo.  I looked at Yelp reviews to pick the shop and after reading many good reviews, decided on this one.  We dropped by the shop as a walk-ins.  We were greeted right when we walked in and luckily Tami had time to squeeze me in.  Tami took her time making sure it was the right font, size and most importantly the right spelling.  My tattoo was done in no time at all.  I love it!  Very clean, organized and professional shop.  Will definitely go back to Tami for my next one.  My son's girl friend, who accompanied me, will be making an appointment with Tami soon for her 2 new tattoos.  Great experience!  Would most definitely recommend Wisemagic Tattoo.
5	Came back for another tattoo and saw Tanner again. Just some lettering on the ribs. Same great attitude, attention to detail and price. SO happy I have this place and artist. I'll definitely be back when I'm ready for my next ink.
5	Walked in to get a finger tattoo touched up.  Tanner took us right in. He was very friendly and did a great job! I will definitely return for my next one!
5	I went into Wisemagic Tattoo prior to there renovation. I had a trad. black and gray koi with some kongi done on my left shoulder. And was impressed with the professionalism and overall studio apper. I have been to other studios ( urban art ) and not impressed at all. However Tanner did an amazing job and has been my fav. tattoo that I have currently for the past 2 yrs. I have sent in lots of people who are looking for work, and my self again will be looking forward to seeing what the new shop looks like..Thanks again really amazing job..
5	Just got my first tattoo done here today. Absolutely love this place! I couldn't find a lot of places close to me so I went with this place from all the great reviews and the 5.5 stars. I was hoping someone could do a tattoo from me as a walk in and thankfully the guy said Tami could! I had to wait about 30 minutes for her to finish up with someone but it was worth it! Tami is so so nice and made sure the spelling, font and the size was perfect! I definitely felt comfortable there and she made the experience a lot less painful! I love my tattoo so much! The price was definitely in my budget which I loved! Her work is amazing! Such a good place to get a first tattoo! Definitely am going to recommend Tami to everyone I know!
5	Went in to get my lip pierced. I was taken care of quickly and professionally. Everything was really sanitary, which is of course important when needles are involved!! The piercer (who's name is unfortunately escaping me at the moment) was really nice, fun, and knowledgable. I will be going back for future work.
5	Got another tattoo and loved the service and cleanliness I found at this place. The people were super nice and chill too. I had some work that I wanted David to elaborate on and add his own artistic taste which he did wonderfully. I would definitely come back here and have David do more if I didn't live in Texas lol. Overall, amazing joint. Great work at an affordable price. Thanks David for adding your own spin on my idea!!
5	Got a medium sized piece on my shoulder. Anthony was my artist. All I can say is the entire experience was outstanding. The quality and detail of the tattoo exceeded my expectations. The shop is clean and modern. Everyone there was friendly and welcoming. Nothing but a great result.
5	I had a cover up done by Tami and it turned out awesome.  Instead of just slapping something on me and going to work, Tami drew out the design over my old tattoo so the  Cover up would do what it needed to do.  The quality of the finished job is great, in fact my wife commented that Tami did just as good of a job as they do on the show "tattoo nightmares".  I'm sure I'll be getting more and I'll definitely ask for Tami.
5	had work done full leg piece done bye tanner again. amazing job as usual I still need to finish but being in Vegas it will be hard to get back to phx from time to time probably not for a few months. Any who, the show remodeled is really cool they have these copper tin french fleur tiles on top recommended bring your own water or gatorade it does tend to get very hot in there at times espic in summer being on top floor just a fyi .
2	I should really write two reviews. I received a tattoo from Tami who is phenomenal. The problem is the other tattoo I received from the gentleman who's name I sadly can't remember. Him penciling me in at the end of his day as a walk in should have been a red flag. All I received was the Watchmen smiley on my inner arm. Well - something resembling it. Maybe I'm crazy but I don't remember circles having straight edges. He couldn't even manage to get the bloodstain correct. To top it all off the whole thing is a scar from him carelessly carving into my arm. Tami is good but she should find a new home, I couldn't go to a place that trusts such horrible artists.
5	David just did a tattoo on me and it was great. Fair pricing, makes sure it's what you want and the whole process was easy. It turned out great, just how I wanted it. Highly recommend!
2	Customer service was so so. Unfortunately for my girlfriend though, the tattoo work was so so as well. She received one by mark. A simple corvette symbol. The shading is splotchy and the lines are not straight. Disappointing considering how simple of a tattoo it is. Keep shopping.
1	I went to Wisemagic to get a tattoo done. I was tattooed by Anthony. He did a good job and I like my tattoo. But!!! When I went in for a touch-up my husband inquired about getting a tattoo covered on his back! Mind you this would cover his hole back and Anthony would have made quite a bit of cash on this tattoo!! Well he took down info on what he wanted  and his phone number, and said he would contact him in a couple of days with a drawing! Well, he never contacted him so I called him. He made a 12:30 appt. with him and told him if he wanted to get it done he had all day. My hubby got in there and looked at the tattoo and it was ok, but Anthony said he would make it look better on his back. So he said ok, let's get started and Anthony said well I have an appt in an hour so I can't do it today or even this weekend. I was floored. We made an appt!!!!!!! He basically seems as though he was so high he couldn't remember what we talked about! I'm very disappointed with him and his work ethic. My hubby went across to the street to  Immortal Art and saw Andrew. He took down all the info, called us within a few days, and the set up an appt to do the tattoo and actually kept it! The tattoo is amazing! I'm so glad we didn't go with Wisemagic. Very unproffessional!!! Sorry Wisemagic, Immortal Art is definetely the place to go!
5	Absolutely love this place!! Got my nipples pierced I think by Robert and he was great very quick, very professional, very clean. Little to no pain. Can't wait to come back to get my tattoos! Pretty good price for tats and piercings, definitely check it out. Also not that it matters but the inside looks awesome!
4	Called 15 minutes ahead for a walkin. Anthony tatted Me for an outline of Tennessee that filled my inner bicep. 70 bucks took about 45 minutes in all.
5	Tami did my tat yesterday and it looks sooo good!!! She was very patient and professional :) If I'm ever in AZ again, I'd definitely go back!!
5	This is an amazingly clean and friendly place!!!!!! Love you tami you really do work Magic! If your want a tattoo come here!!!!!!
