5	I cashed in a Living Social deal for Beautiful Nails yesterday, and boy was I impressed!  I had never been there before, but the deal offered a good pricefor a Hot Stone Pedi and a classic Mani, so I figured I'd give it a try.  Joon and the entire staff was so nice and welcoming.  This is probably the best pedicure I have ever had - my feet are as soft and smooth as a newborn baby!  I also received an eyebrow wax and Joon did a great job shaping the brow.I will definitely be back!
4	also went here with a livingsocial deal with my mom and got a mani/pedi. 1st thing: make sure to make an appointment. we went in friday afternoon around 4pm and the whole world decided to get their nails done that day. even with an appt, we waited about 15 min before they were free to help us out.but once we got going, the massage chairs were awesome and they did a phenomenal job. the mani/pedi included a paraffin wax for both hands and feet, a leg/hand massage, and scrubs for both as well.i must say they were really good with my toes and i was very happy, but with my fingernails, i felt in the end they started rushing a bit, but overall i was still happy with the end result, esp since i got a deal on the whole service anyways.they have beverages available for people to enjoy, good array of nail polish colors to choose from, and the layout is so that you're not crowded into a small salon.one thing that did bug me was that they used the same utensils and didn't bring out a fresh new pair for each customer.overall service was nice, and the service was great, it took over an hour to get both mani/pedi done but it wasn't bc they were slow, but more bc there was so much that went into the mani/pedi itself.mom says she'll def be returning, and maybe i will next time in im town.
5	I normally go to Beautiful Nails before I go on vacation and this visit was no different. I bought a Deal Saver deal online for a classic mani/pedi. I always enjoy getting my nails done here. I think the people who work here are very sweet and very accommodating. The classic pedicure includes a massage and salt scrub. The manicure also includes a massage, but the salt scrub is kind of DIY, they put scrub in your hand and send you to the sink. I was able to get a design on my big toes for $5, which is pretty standard. They do a great job with the designs and will run with it if you let them. One of my favorite nail places in Charlotte and I will be back, at least before my next vacation :)
4	It's across the street from my house !  They are great, but I really suggest you book an appointment ahead during their busy hours.  I stopped in on Saturday, not my usual and they had a quite a wait.  I realized I needed to buy and get a birthday card in the mail pronto, so unfortunately I left before my service this visit.
5	I bought a Groupon for a Gel manicure. Hands down, (pun intended!) this is the BEST French Gel manicure I've ever had!  The nail technician was meticulous about each nail and it really shows. I'm absolutely going back!
5	I am always in search of "the" nail place, and so deciding to come here today might have been my last stop!! I had Thu do my pink and white full set and I must say I was very skeptical at first but came to realize she has her own technique and a good one!! I am very happy I came here and will be coming back again for my fills!!! Thank you Thu!!!
4	I was looking for a nail shop in my area. I had already tried another shop in the area but they left alot to be desired. I'm very glad I chose Beautiful Nails. My technician was Hannah. She was very patient (I took forever to choose my colors) and helpful. My gel manicure turned out looking great. I'll definitely be coming back :-)
