5	Ricardo has sharpened my McClane 7 blade 20 inch mower multiple times, each time it was a professional job, and my mower performed great. Each time at a very reasonable price. He also has great pricing on Turf Royale lawn fertilizer, which I get get from him.
5	I inherited a lawn mower from my father in law. It looked like it was missing a cable, and the blade would not start. I took it in to Ricardo's. He looked at my lawn mower and told me worked fine. I was a little surprised and restated my concern to him. He took me out to my lawn mower and started right up and engaged the blade. I offered to pay him for his time and he refused. I want to point out he easily could have "fixed" my lawn mower, charged me, and I probably would never have known. It is honest small business owners like this that make our economy work. It looks like he sells lawn mowers, and other yard care equipment. I will use him for all of the services as I need them and I implore Yelp readers to do the same.
5	I wish I would have found this place before I went through hell and back with Sears trying to get my Craftsman power washer repaired.Ricardo's rocks!  I had taken my power washer to Sears for a tune up.  It was difficult to start but not impossible, I knew it wouldn't take much to get it running right.  Sears charged me $50 just to "diagnose" the issue and if I decided to go forward with the repairs, the $50 would be "credited" towards the repair bill.  Sears has a central repair facility in central Phoenix and you have to deal with a customer service rep from their call center.  Brandon called me after a couple of days with the unit to tell me they couldn't "diagnose" the issue because they couldn't start it without replacing the carburetor.  How much I asked?  $140.  My head almost exploded, it's a nice power washer but I don't think I paid more than $300 for it. Now keep in mind, I had the unit running before I took it to Sears.  If I could get it started, the "mechanics" at Sears should have been able to get it started. I asked Brandon that if they couldn't diagnose the issue, I would like the unit returned and the $50 refunded and he agreed.  Long story short, I was told to pound sand when I picked the unit up from Sears, that the CSR was wrong and they would be keeping my money.  I'm disputing the charge on my Am Ex card.  Why you ask?  New paragraph please.Ricardo's, that's why!  In less than 36 hours they had my bad boy power washer ready to clean whatever I want cleaned!  Total charge? $35.  Yes, $35!  Didn't need a new carburetor or anything else, just a little TLC and a tune up.  Now I get it, you can't expect Sears to pull back from the brink of bankruptcy by honestly telling customers all you need is a $35 tune up, you need to charge them the works!Ricardo's was fantastic, bilingual, and true experts in their field.  They've been doing this for over 25 years and it shows!  Excellent, honest, ethical service-highly recommend.
5	I was in the market for a new weed trimmer and wanted to support a local business so after finding the authorized dealers in my area I checked Yelp. Out of the local dealers, Ricardo's was the best rated so I decided to head to south Phoenix.  For those not familiar with the area, it is not the best location for shopping, but as soon as I pulled up I saw a few other vehicles out front of Ricardo's store and knew I had the right place and within about 10 minutes I had a new weed trimmer and the owner have me a crash course on all of its features.  Overall the price was right, service was great and the owner was courtesy and super helpful and I would recommend this place to anyone looking for new or used lawn care equipment.
5	Ricardo's saw my 2 lawnmowers and immediately told me what was the problem and solution. He called me the following day and said they were repaired.This is the 6th time i have gone there. He will not hesitate to tell you what is wrong, based on your comments.He realizes that most of us do not know how to fix them nor understand what is the problem. He is simply the problem solver. His knowledge and understanding of our needs is unbelievable. I highly recommend him. I am a Native of Phoenix, Civil Engineer, Mathematician and part time Teacher. You can trust my word.   Freddy Arteaga
