4	One of the greatest appetizers, good main course, good wine and cocktails, great ambiance, and comfortable booth but slow service.We'd have been drinking more if the server came by more often but well because of that we saved money :) Next time when I go there- I will absolutely go there again, I will definitely order several appetizers and skip the main course.
3	I want to like this place... I do. But it's very ordinary. Mediocre food. Bad service. If you like to wait for the waiter to acknowledge your existence while you desperately try to get his his attention to simply order a drink... Then this is the place for you. I've been twice. Same story. They did comp us a free drink, which was generous and the right thing to do. Stay away from the bloody caesar, it's not worth the money.
5	Most exceptional place in one of the loveliest and upbeat areas of Montreal. Non-chalant and chic atmosphere even late at night on a Thursday (the day we had late dinner), most courteous personnel, epicurean-savvy.The menu and wine list were easy to navigate, yet hard to get through - so many competing& compelling options :) We ended up with planche de charcuteries maison, pave de saumon sauvage, bonbons de foie gras de canard & cassolette de champignons de saison, along with a Pinot Noir from Closson Chase, Prince Edward county.A culture gem, most definitely ;)----------------Just noticed that Alexandre Gosselin, Chez Victoire's chef, is competing in Gold Medal Plates 2011http://goldmedalplates.com/c_montreal.htmlGOOD LUCK! :))
5	There are somethings in life that are so delicious, so sumptuous, that it's hard to describe, hard to give text to an experience. Hard to give them the proper justice they deserve. Many of these things are food, and while the entire meal at Chez Victoire was one of the best I've ever hard they served a french onion soup the likes of which could only be rivaled by Sense Appeal in Toronto. It's hard to describe the pure bliss it was to taste that soup, but if I were to take a simple stab at why the experience was so amazing I would say this, balls. The french onion soup is a ball, a crouton ball with liquid soup on the inside and on the top of said ball is a thin sliver of gruyere. When you bite into it your mouth instantly becomes the french onion soup bowl.    Stunned. Also, I had oysters, gin cocktails, and risotto. All amazing. Get there and try it!
4	Molto buono
5	My girlfriends and I just arrived to Montreal on a rainy evening. We were walking the street hungry and getting desperate. A waiter was just leaving this restaurant and after talking to him, we were convinced to try it even though we didn't understand the French menu. Best meal ever. Even though the menu was in french, the server took the time to describe the ingredients and dshes to us in english. We sampled scallop seviche, salmon tartare, cooked salmon, pasta with clams and had lava cake for dessert! The server even put a sparkler on it as a way to welcome us to Montreal. I made friends with the patron next to me and was given a list of other great restaurants to try. I also took a shot of grape liqueur which tasted like fire but hey when in Montreal, do as they do! Definitely will go back here if I visit Montreal.  I enjoyed the atmosphere, the food presentation and taste, and the service.
4	Went there for happy hour last Wednesday.  Food was great.  We shared a couple of appetizers and a full course meal.  I got to say that the highlight of the evening was the wine selection.  The waiter was passionate about wine and about us finding the right match to our meal. Loved it!
4	Mmmmmh that was a good find! I shared a huge steak with a friend and it was HUGE! One thing though, we took foie gras on top and it wasn't good... And I know my foie gras!
5	Classy ambiance, incredible service and high end food. I'd been drawn to this restaurant for weeks just because of the gorgeous art deco-style painted windows facing the street. Even before I got inside, while standing at the doorway inspecting the menu posted there, some of the evening's guests came out to stand on the street for a cigarette. They raved about the food and assured me I must go in and give it a try. I was not disappointed!The cocktails were good, and my very large scallops seared to perfection. My date had the smoked meat sandwich, which in all honesty was the best in the city that we've found so far. This place is worth the cost, if you're looking for a fancy dinner out. The music was great the entire time, and the lighting perfect. Cozy and comfortable even though we were seated very close to other couples on a romantic date. Oh, and before I forget, IMPECCABLE service. The restaurant was packed to the rafters but we were still attended to like royalty. Just a very high class place, but still with a casual vibe if you don't feel like dressing up.
5	This place is absolutely fantastic. The very best in Montreal. Even my picky boyfriend loves it. The ambience was romantic. We were there for there late night menu. I got the veal liver. Omg! The texture is just stunning. The dish had a great balance. The soup was good. I got chocolate lava cake for dessert. Awesome too!
1	Not good, expensive, and disappointing I've tried it for happy hours and breakfast.
5	We hesitated visiting this spot because we were trying to avoid pricey dinners during our Montreal trip. We walked by this spot several times (a block from our rented apartment), and finally caved. The best meal we had in Montreal! -Went on Sunday night around 8pm; 4 course meal for $30 on Sundays!!- both ordered same courses: mozzarella/tomato/edamame appetizer (mozzarella melts in your mouth!), second course was salmon tartare (salmon and fennel /radish relish was great, bread a bit soggy); 3rd course was wild mushroom risotto (really rich but so freakin' good!); 4th course was dessert , chocolate lava cake (great quality chocolate)Service was impeccable; accidentally brought out 1 of our courses too quickly, so gave us glass of wine in the house! No service like this at home in Miami.Worth it!
3	Actual rating : 3.5Food : very good. The flavors and the cut of meats were very well selected and well prepared. I had the pork and it can out extremely tender. Good wine list.Service : we were seated up top and I did feel like we were somewhat forgotten ; we had to flag the waiters. Decor/ambience : just meh. There was nothing special with it, TVs kind of killed it for me. Overall : yeah the food was good, but I expected something more considering the prices. I don't know what it is but it just fell short of something. Not a bad place at all, but not my first choice.
4	Very solid all-around performance in the Plateau area; my wife and I felt like we were a part of the scene and maybe away from other tourists since this was a relatively busy Friday night meal.We tried the scallops with black pudding, the calamari and the ravioli appetizer, and a lamb shank main dish (we wanted the pork chop, we were told it would be lamb that night, but it still tasted like pork to us!).  All pretty tasty, nothing truly amazing, and the wine by the glass prices were close to reasonable.  And warm bread served as a starter also worked well.  Our server was very attentive and I love any place that lets me book on OpenTable.
