1	I am not feeling the love from the "Cupcake Love In" held today at the Valley Ho Hotel in Scottsdale. In fact, there were quite a few people waiting in line with us that were not feeling the love, either. As it turns out, the event was sold out online on Thursday. The web site to the event did not indicate this yesterday, to the best of my knowledge ( I was on there to buy tee shirts). In addition, there were no signs at the Valley Ho indicating that the event was sold out and people were still attempting to buy tickets at noon (we stayed at the hotel and had breakfast at Cafe ZuZu, which was pretty darned good!). In defense of the event planner, it was the first annual Cupcake Love In. However, with the obvious popularity of cupcakes here in the Valley, one would think the planner(s)  would foresee the necessity of having a large enough venue to accomodate that popularity.
5	I'm glad I bought my tickets back in August when the event was first posted.  I'm not sure the organizers knew what an amazing turn out they would have but the event was sold out so tickets were not available at the door.  We arrived at 11:15 (doors opened at 11) and while standing in line to get in there was a staff person checking to make sure we all had tickets and letting people know that if they did not, the event was sold out. Once inside it was a sea of cupcakes!  Tiny cupcakes that were delicious!  I didn't taste one that I didn't like.  Liberty Market was my fave I think.  Espresso Carmel and Red Velvet!  YUM!!!  Cruelty Free Cakes makes delicious vegan cupcakes too!  I also liked the ones from Cry Baby Ranch. I'm going to have to find them again at the 20th street Farmers Market and Old Town Scottsdale Farmers Market.  And everyone was so nice!  $10 got you all the cupcakes you could eat and water AND milk!!  And it was for two very worthy causes.  Singleton Moms and Safe Haven For Animals.  There were also raffles, a cupcake eating contest and cupcake decorating for the kids.  So many festivals these days charge you to get in and then, once inside, charge for everything else.  People can't afford that these days so it was refreshing to go to an event and not be nickel and dimed for everything.  I appreciate that.  And best of all my daughter had a great time!  There were lots of people so it was a little overwhelming for her but she loved it.  Both of us are just coming down from our sugar high.  It was great to see Gabi and Lindsey manning the Yelp booth and our very own Thomas S. helping with emcee duties!  Will I be back next year?  You bet!!  And you should come too....just make sure you get your tickets early!
5	Amazing. This event was amazing. This was by far the most organized event I have been to in a long time. Kelly and Tracy knocked the socks off of this big time! :)And excellent job to all the bakers that participated. Every cupcake I tried was delicious.Thanks to everyone who worked so hard to put on a great day for some great charities.I can't wait until next year.
5	This is one of my favorite events in Phoenix - I can't believe that I didn't review it last year!! Cupcakes. Cupcakes. Cupcakes. I love it!!! There are a few dozen bakeries/restaurants here each with multiple cupcake flavors. Since its easy to overdose, even on the mini cupcakes, my partner and I usually split 1 mini between the 2 of us, that way we can try many without going in to a diabetic shock.  I always appreciate the "weird" flavors - this year, I have to give a special shout out to Urban Cookies for their tomato soup/grilled cheese cupcake and Barb's for their chocolate chipotle cupcake.  This year, the event organizers attempted a "tasting ticket" system where you were supposed to only get 6 or 7 samples...to everyone's fortune, very few bakers followed this rule and were handing out samples left and right to their adoring fans.  Thank you, bakers!! There are also really cute t-shirts, cupcake eating contests, amazing raffle prizes, free photos, coupons galore, cocktails and more cupcakes. I love the location this event is at - The Valley Ho Hotel - although a slightly larger space would be nice. Alright, I'm off to the gym...
5	I got a VIP ticket and love the cute bag I got and lots of great goodies. It was a lot of fun tasting all the different cupcakes. I would recommend again.
5	Fantastic event for a great cause. The registration process was efficient and easy. They got us right in to the event. Inside can only be described as a cupcake lovers paradise! They gave us each a bag with some goodies which was great to carry all the cards and brochures from the cupcake places. Tried more cupcakes than I care to admit! They had water stations, milk, and chocolate milk. There was even a bar area when you could purchase an adult beverage. Great raffle prizes, great merchandise for sale to remember the event by, and all the vendors were really nice and gladly explained what was in the cupcakes. (I have a peanut allergy and managed to make it through sampling without any close calls!) Can't wait for next years...any event that forces me to eat cupcakes and goes to a help a good cause... count me in!!!
4	All you can eat cupcakes?  Who wouldn't love that?  There were multiple vendors here with some standard cake type flavors (e.g., red velvet, lemon raspberry), and some more unusual selections (e.g., prosciutto with fig jelly, pancake with bacon crumbles, smores).  We had a good time going to each booth and trying some of each cupcake.  They also had some goody bags that included chips, brochures, and popcorn.
5	Love this event! I mean, who doesn't love a cupcake- and who doesn't love a bunch of them? I ate more than I probably should have, but I'm pretty sure charity cupcakes don't have calories ;)I love that 100% of the proceeds (not the profit- every penny!) goes to the charity. This year was a veterans charity as it was held on veterans day, which I think was fantastic and very appropriate. The photobooth was hopping as always, and Brand-X made some awesome designs this year. I left with a "Keep Calm and Have a Cupcake" shirt. Of course any large event isn't without it's hiccups, but remember folks- it's all for a good cause and everyone is working hard with the best of intentions. I had a blast and I'm already looking forward to next year!
5	SUGAR COMA! I should have learned to pace myself after last year's sugar coma, but when I'm in a room full of cupcakes, I just can't help myself. This year was no difference. As VIPs, we were given a super cute gift bag filled with countless goodies, as well as early cupcake access, cocktails, and apps. Oh, the cupcakes... A few of the bakers I have reviewed were here (see my list OMG CUPCAKES!) so it was nice to be able to try some of their other flavors. (Urban Cookies had their awesome German Chocolate Cupcakes, The Sweet Tooth Fairy had a delicious variety (I tried the Sweet Potato Cupcake), and GiGi's was in attendance (I wasn't able to try theirs).) Other vendors included: TLC Bakery (yummy Pecan Pie Cupcake), Whoopie Baking Co (Chocolate Whoopie!), Mind Over Batter (my new favorite - the Dark Helmet!) and many, many more. I love being able to try and discover new cupcake vendors, especially for a good cause! 100% profit was given to a Veterans Charity this year, which is fantastic. Other awesome features were the photo booth (major props to Snapbooth - they are awesome!) as well as a cupcake decorating station, button making for the kiddies, and raffle prizes. Can't wait for next year!
4	$20/person? The money goes to charity and in return you get to gorge yourself on cupcakes? Mmmmm....let me think....yes!Went to the Cupcake Love-In for the first time this year and enjoyed every sugary bite.Two rooms full of different cupcake vendors, eager to serve you a sample of their sweet treats. I have no idea how many cupcakes I actually ate. I lost count after room 1. The best cupcakes were the unusual ones. Sure there were great vanilla and chocolate but if you can put prosciutto and fig into a cupcake and make it work, you're the winner in my book (looking at you Bourbon Steak).The only bummer was that a lot of places ran out really early! Event started at 11:00 and by 11:30 places were already out of some things. So we missed getting to try a few that sounded interesting. One place had one with avocado but they were out by the time I got there. :( The event was scheduled to go until 2. I feel bad for anyone that came after noon, really.But a good venue, great cupcakes and a good cause. Not a bad way to spend a Sunday.
5	100% of the money goes to charity for this thing. I've gone twice now, but I bought my gf a ticket for the first one since she's a cupcake fan. I will keep going and supporting this event. If you like cupcakes, you should attend next year. I had one little mishap this year when someone told me a cupcake was vanilla and I had to find out the hard way (after it was in my esophagus) that it had coconut in it. I'm allergic, see... I was fine after some benadryl the Valley Ho staff had on hand, but it kinda sucked. If you're allergic to things, be sure to ask if what you are about to eat contains those things.Many vendors ran out of cupcakes this year, but part of that had to do with people taking more than they intended to eat early on. They'll sort it out for next year for sure. Mind Over Batter was my favorite this year. Newcomers Butter and Me and Bre's Petites were also standouts. Raffles, cupcakes, eating contests, photo booth, free milk, custom t-shirts, panel of judges, yelp swag, VIP bags, face painting, and of course booze. How can you go wrong? What's a little diabetes when it's for a good cause?
5	Cupcakes everywhere! Good ones, crazy ones, gourmet ones, and a few not so good ones! I like that they host this on Veterans day weekend and that the proceeds go to help Veterans. A fun way to earn money for a good cause. The vendors were all really nice and Yelp was on hand to add some more fun to the mix. There was also water, milk, and a bar area to wash down all those sweets. I really liked the photo booth too. My favorite cupcake was the one from Bourbon restaurant with the bacon and blueberries. I was really skeptical about trying it and it was very good.
5	This is one of the best events I've ever been too! Last year was my first year and I got the VIP passes because it's charity and cupcakes so why not!  It was fantastic trying all the different cupcakes and I look forward to going again this year!
