5	I was going to go with just the four stars but I feel that this place is underrated -- probably because it's a little off the beaten path.  Located just west of Sir-Wilfred Laurier in amongst duplex housing, the decor itself is very homey and French.  This is a very French restaurant so it doesn't hurt to know a few phrases.Their menu is divine.  They have a fixed-price menu ranging from around $20-$50 or so dollars.  You can get a full-on appetizer, soup, little amuse-bouch of sorbet and some sort of alcohol to cleanse your palette before digging into the main course.  On their main course you can find more gamey meats or the traditional meats or vegetarian.  This is a bring your own wine place so you can get a truly wonderful  French meal -- good portions and very French, I've been to France and their menu is pretty authentic -- for an exceedingly good price.  I can't say enough about their portion to price ratio and truly, truly tasty.Oh, book a reservation though because this place fills up fast since there is limited seating.  Did I mention this place is French?
5	I brought a group of 14 here and we had a great dinner.  We took advantage of the bring your own wine feature by splurging on some great bottles and the food kept up to them.  The service was great, the degustation menu was a great deal and everyone was impressed. It is maybe a bit noisy (but that was mostly our fault... sorry!). The beef rib was amazing, the escargot were great, loved the ceviche scallop... others enjoyed the steak and the fish of the day drew raves.I will be back!
4	It's always difficult to decide what to eat for dinner when you're in a city that's not your home.  You have favourites and want to stick to them because you only have a few opportunities to eat them.  Once in a blue moon I will try something new.  My sister heard about this place so we threw caution to the wind and went.  New is good.Les Heritiers is a small and simple restaurant that serves beautiful dishes.  The plates were so colorful and the food was delicious.  We started with a lovely warm goat cheese salad.  It was so good it won over my sister - needless to say, she's not goat cheese's number one fan.  The fish of the day was a melt-in-your-mouth sea bass served on a bed of quinoa.  The bass was pan-seared in a sweet miso-soya glaze.  The rack of lamb was perfectly cooked and served with two slices of scalloped potatoes.    Take someone you love and treat them to some really good food.  In October they moved to a bigger location...does bigger mean better?  I will have to go and see.
4	Love it!If you're like me and you like to go out to the restaurant far too often, if you were wealthy you would eat out 21 times a week plus coffee in between each meal, then this might be a good restaurant for you. Fairly inexpensive for the quality of food you receive, and bring your own wine can only mean one thing... Enough money to eat out again tomorrow!!!
3	I used to give this place 4 stars but against my best wishes and hopes it now at a 3. The food has been hit or miss lately. But the service is totally messed up. I don't know what's happened but waiting times for something as simple as pulling the cork from my bottle to help buy time is poor. If you're going to take 20 minutes before giving me a menu, at least open my bottle. I have 3 other friends who feel the same way. I hope they clear this up soon.
4	My wife and I have visited Montreal at least once a year for  over 10 years.  During our most recent visit, we stayed in the Plateau district. We walked around looking for a place that looked good and found Les Heritiers. On a busy night, the staff accommodated us even though we had not made a reservation. The food was exceptional. Fresh ingredients, beautifully prepared. Slightly pricey but worth it, especially as you can bring your own wine.We will definitely come back to this neighborhood find.
5	Great Food fast service as non French speaking tourists we were treated great ! BYOB ...
