5	Amazing service week in week out.  Edward and the team make the apartment feel like a brand new space every time, best in resort living service.  We just got a puppy and Edward explained that they now offer pet sitting too.  Who better to look after your pet in your own home than the people you have taking care of the space already - brilliant idea.
5	I was referred to Edward by a friend when looking for a dependable and trustworthy cleaner. I was SO impressed by Edwards work; very detail oriented, punctual, and friendly! I will definitely be recommending him to my friends and family!
5	Edward is not just a typical house cleaner, he always goes above and beyond with the most meticulous attention to details and is always responsive to requests.  If you like coming home to a sparkling clean house with no smell of toxic cleaners, call Edward.  All his cleaning solution is gentle yet powerful - he cleans without gloves!  My glass showers were heavily  stained with watermarks and he made it spotless.  He also has an knack for organization, if you want your closet to look beautiful, call Edward.  We came home from vacation and viola, our closets looked like Neiman Marcus. He also cleans and organizers pantries and refrigerators.He is someone you can count on to take care of matters, just recently he discovered that my dryer hose was not hooked up to the external vent.  Not only did he reattach the hose but he cleaned up all the mess the dryer has made!!Greatest part of having Edward take care of my home is a peace of mind.
5	I switched cleaning companies when I moved to Tempe.  Edward offered me a great deal to try out his company since he already serviced my complex.  I am glad I did because LHS has done such a great job.  Very friendly staff and do extra things around my place that I've been charged for with the previous company.  Great vibes!  Great service!  Thanks Edward!
5	My Job transferred me to Scottsdale for a six-month period. Upon getting there I went through over 2 different cleaners. Both did not meet up to my standards and pervious cleaning experiences. Then a friend in the West 6 apartments referred me to Edward and his cleaning staff. WOW was there an improvement. I would come home to perfectly organized closets strait out of a magazine. The home was spotless with out all that greasy cleaning solution residue that the previously companies used. Now that I am back in back in San Francisco is hard to find a new cleaner that can even compare to the quality of work that I received with Luminous Home Solutions.
5	Used luminous to clean up my apartment after my moveout. Got my full security deposit back. Very Pleased!
