3	This is one of those "they know your name and drink" kind of bars. I'm a newbie, so I felt like the friend of a friend at some dinner party. The drink selection is decent. The mixed drinks I found to be a little high priced. $8.50 for a shitty martini? I think not!They have a deal from 11am-3pm of .99 cents hamburgers, but apparently the catch is you have to buy a drink in order to get the burger deal. Without a drink the burgers are $4. I think that's a rip off. The burgers are decent, but not worth $4 or having to spend money on a drink just to get the burger for a buck.The jukebox is decent. A good mix of everything from Depeche Mode to Springsteen, lame top 40 and some pseudo country. I didn't dare play a DM song as this crowd looked like they would have lynched a Euro pop loving girl.They need to add more tables and chairs and dump some of the bar games.I'd give the place another shot as it's walking distance from my house, but you can get a better deal on drinks and food elsewhere.
4	Ok, I used to go in here more often when I lived closer but I dig The Recovery Room.  Yes, it is a dive bar.Best thing?  I ordered an Adios MF'er and the bartender poured each of the shots in a measure before adding it to my drink so I know I got the full pour.  Oftentimes ordering one of these a Tokyo Tea or Long Island, each shot is short.  Not here Baby!  A few of these will mess you up.Actually, I am not sure I've ever been to this place without that intention.  Never had the food, parking is good as are attitude, atmosphere and service.  Crowd is mixed and the toilets are dodgey but yeah, its a dive bar.  Rock it like one!
4	When one finds oneself off work on a Monday, one must find ways to occupy time normally spent working. A terrific alternative to my 9 to 5 is also a favorite pastime of mine: Drinking. So there I was, at noon on a Monday with my second dirty martini of the day. And it's all good, because they also have a drinkers special deal on certain food. For a measly 99 cents, you can get a burger, or tacos, or a chicken sandwich. While no one in our party opted for the chicken, I did eat the burger and tacos; both were wonderful. Our server was a crazy lady who kept us entertained. You know, like the way crack entertains. That's not to say she was on crack, but she was amusing.
3	Great for a dive bar.  Plus they have .99 cheese burgers during NFL Games.  Dark and Dingy like a good diver bar should be.  Always a great place to stop off at the end of the night.  Typical bar food.  The big negative...NO DRAFT BEER.
4	I am recovering from the Recovery Room as I write this. Recovery Room is one of those places that I've driven by for a decade and always wanted to stop, but due to it's location, never have. Last night, I got the opportunity, and it was actually more interesting and less "alcoholic bar" than I expected. When I walked in, I was drawn to the busy looking atmosphere, all the games, and lack of music which was actually weird. We saddled up at the bar and the first thing I noticed was a lack of draft, which the bartender referred to as "dirty beer." Ok, we aren't off to a good start, no music and no drafts. Just after, the bartender poured exactly one jigger full of Jack Daniels for my Jack and Coke. She was very slow, methodical, and really really new. I had to help her find Jack Daniels on her computer screen. "It's Bourbon!" I proclaimed, and when she hit the BOURBON button, she asked what I ordered again. I was half tempted to say well bourbon, but I was honest with her. This place is a mess I thought quietly to myself, and then I turned around and noticed a big screen TV with FREE ROCK BAND 2 on XBOX. OK, all is forgiven... everything, all of it, I'm going to play Rock Band now, kthx. I played drums, Erika played guitar, and Cokie the Clown (I don't know his real name) was on the vocals. He emphatically sang through Lady GaGa, Journey, Disturbed, and various other songs while dancing, performing, and sniffling from the cocaine.... a lot. He departed long before we did, and it gave us an opportunity to talk to this slow bartender again, who turned out to be a very nice person who we enjoyed chatting with. Recovery Room made a slow and bad start, but then completely recovered. Now I just need to make the same recovery.
4	Great little place.  Lots of fun stuff like four pool tables, video games, darts, etc. and looks like they have a pretty cool Rock Band Set up.  The best part about this bar is the .99 cent hamburgers.  It was actually a pretty decent burger.  Came with all of the condiments and a few chips.  Way more than I expected for a .99 burger. Another reviewer commented that there is no draft beer, which is fine with me.  They have a decent selection of good bottled beer including.  Stella, Guinness and Steinlager.  You dont need draft beer when you have a decent beer selection.  They also have Absinthe which you dont see a lot of bars have.  This is a drinkers bar.
4	This has become my new favorite hangout in my neighborhood. Cheap drinks and great bartenders. I will have to try the burgher there one of these days.....
4	This place is a sweet dive. I've never been here on a busy night, but I do know that its a good place to enjoy cheap drinks  and edible bar food after work.
5	FIVE STAR DIVE BAR! I love this place. The regulars are friendly, the staff is great and I love that there is a good menu to help keep your tummy full. The drinks are CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP and poured to be powerful. A handful of pool tables and plenty of TVs to catch up on sports. and A+ dive bar. I have driven past it for years (it's just south of the Phoenix Baptist Hospital) and FINALLY stopped in.... now I am starting to become a regular, especially since it doesn't hurt your pocket book at all!
4	Rock Band set-up and cheap stiff drinks are the major pluses. The food was boring. The bartender was very friendly and said bye as I left.Ordinary People by John Legend playing in the background really caught me off guard.
2	Went on a random bar hop one night, stumbled upon this place...Lets fast forward.The bartender was wearing flip flops, they were out of every kind of vodka that I ordered, and the staff was just clueless. A bunch of girls trying to look good for money, lacked really any kind of brains.I hate being that girl, but this place is just a trashy dive for washed up men.
5	This place is so wonderful! The drinks are stiff and cheap. The bartender, Shannon, is amazingly awesome. She is friendly and will concoct anything you ask. It is typical dive bar food, like cheese crisps and burgers, but the prices are great and the salty  food hits the spot when you are three sheets.... Stop to check out this neighborhood spot and you will have a great time!
4	Very well priced drinks. They have rockband which is awesome when there are others that want to play. Lots of regulars. Food is cheap as could be, and is kind of hit or miss. Owner is funny, and a pleasure to talk to. I like it, but it's a dive. Just a good kind of dive.
5	NOW THIS IS WHAT I'M TALKIN 'BOUT. The perfect dive bar. Dark. Pool tables. Pin ball machines. If you own a dive bar, and are proud of it, get your ass to The Recovery Room and do what they do. When I win the lotto I'm buying this place and putting it within crawling distance from my house.
5	This place rocks!!
4	This place is a chill dive bar. They have a number of arcade games and pool tables to keep you busy if you don't want to stare at a television. Also they sell burgers at 99cents a pop during NFL games and they're not bad at all. Friendly bartenders round this place off. As far as dive bars go, this place is awesome.
4	What a cool bar! I had been driving around the neighbourhood, doing some shopping, and was in need of a quick adult beverage. Open the Yelp app (of course!) and up pops this gem.Plenty of parking behind the bar, inside has vintage video games, pool tables and lots of TVs. The bartender was Paula (I love it when bartenders introduce themselves, it's classy and makes it easier to ask for another drink) She was very friendly and personable and let me know that they were running a lunch time special of a burger or two tacos for a dollar, but that time was about to end. I ordered the tacos and they were great. Not just "great for a dollar" great, but genuinely great.Background music was at a normal level and they seemed to have a good selection of liquors. Only weird thing was no tap beer. That seemed a little odd to me, but whatevs.
1	BEWARE!! What a shit hole. John is a mean rude old man who has no respect of anyone. His staff is knowledge less and is abused daily! by this pitiful old ugly man. I worked here 4 days and couldn't take his abuse anymore. He yelled at me in front of customers for no reason, and yelled at me for giving him a "dinner napkin" and not a "drink napkin" after he split some of his shot.  He told me "it cost money". I told him "everything cost money". I quit right there and did some yelling at him about how rude it is to me and everyone else.  He is horrible to his employees. Do you really want to support a business that treats their employees like this??!! Beware!!!!
1	Dirty bar that needs a rescue. Ordered drinks and served wrong drink and forgot 1/3 of the order then didn't finish the order. What a dump. I recommend finding a better dive bar.
4	My favorite bar- love the food love the people!
5	Pool tables and drinks with the guys. This place is our hidden hole in the wall. The bartender is great. If you're looking for good not too packed bar this is the place.
3	Went in for a couple of drinks with the girls, good and cheap drinks. Daily specials going on. They have 4 pool tables,  video games and juke box. You can't get bored chilling with a group of friends! Shout out to the bartender! The food was alright too! Over all a chilled place.
5	The atmosphere was amazing they have games and pool tables what more can you ask for? The food is great I recommend the burgers it's pretty good deal for burgers and chips. The drinks are phenomenal and there's so many good deals on game day
4	Very good hamburgers and wings.   Our tennis teams come here after our matches on a Friday night.   The owner is very friendly.  Good drink specials!
5	It was a great little hangout, and the owner John was top notch. Unfortunately he has since retired, and the place will be reopening as something else. It was fun while it lasted.
