5	I am assuming this is the McDonalds that is located in the Plaza Hotel and Casino. If so, I would like to paste a snippet of my review of the Plaza here and say again, the service at this McDonald's is SUPERB: One other thing that really has nothing to do with the Plaza but wanted to mention. One day I was in line at McDonald's to get an iced tea. There was a man in front of me and then a man in a wheelchair being waited on. He looked to be pretty down and out (something you see whether downtown or on the strip) and was ordering some breakfast. I  heard the cashier say $4 something and I saw him put a dollar on the counter...I thought, uh-oh, she'll have to tell him not enough and wonder how he'll react,....well, he had put up a bunch of change and then I though the cashier would get ticked about having to count it all. I was so very wrong...she was so kind and so patient...counted it out and then told him he needed a few cents more so he gave her a dime and then she said, now I owe you a penny...with a big smile on her face. I am sad to say that her behavior just shocked me....I am so used to everyone being rushed and treated rudely...it has become so commonplace...as though we have to pay to be treated like decent human beings...and here this man paid for his coffee and food with change and was treated with extreme patience and kindness. It just really made me so happy and was one of the highlights of my stay in Vegas. I went to that McDonald's several times during my stay and the service was excellent every single time.
4	I came here last June when I visited the historical Fremont St. for the first time. Can't really remember the service but it definitely wasn't bad for the amount of customers there.I guess you can't really complaint though, it is Vegas after all and it's right at the entrance of a god damn casino.But I think me and my Dad ordered some type of burgers and then came back when we got a coupon for a free new smoothie thing they had that came with our large soda.The smoothie was excellent and I would definitely order another one some time.But the only reason for this Mickey D's getting 1 star off, is simply because of the crowd/rowdiness.
1	Yuck.  Service and food both deplorable. How do you make McDonalds worse than it already is?  Shove it inside a low budget casino and employ nothing but hood rats.  the one star is for it being cheap and quick when hammered inside the Plaza.  At that point diarrhea really isn't a beg deal.
1	Why would anyone go to this place, when there are a literally a million other places to go? Why would anyone bother to write a review? Whats there to review? The card board tasting imitation beef? or the reconstituted chicken packed in to what they call a nugget or is it that you love your food to have a sir name; mac muffin, mac nuggets, mac ribs, mac chicken how about mac caca or mac poo poo.  Enjoy.
3	This place is funny!They literally have a sign on the wall that says you can only sit and eat for a max of 20 mins!  So I hope you are hungry!!!
1	It's McDonalds. I'm going to assume we all have a handle on the food quality. But you go there for fast food. I mean, they practically invented the space. So if you want McDonalds and you want to eat at the Plaza, head to the one at the D hotel, order out and bring it back. You'll save yourself about 20 minutes of aimlessly loitering in the Plaza lobby. It's happened to me twice now. Never again.
1	Food Poisoning being served at the McDonalds here.  When I called to notify them, the manager at McD's tried to tell me that they would be more than  happy to offer me anything else I wanted to eat.  ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!? You really think I want to eat your food again??
1	Food is Luke warm when served. The manager is a hood rat and her English is no better than a second grader. Place needs to be shut down. What a dump!!
