5	Stopped by bass pro shop next to the silverton casino on a Saturday when I saw this bright colored food truck. My friend and I saw someone talking about what they sold. So we wanted to give it a try, they had so many flavors here it was crazy. You could have a snoball,(snow cone), that you could mix and match the flavors, then you could also make your own soda,  then they had this italian float thing where you can put ice cream in it. The lady there was extremely friendly and nice, and she told me the ice cream was delicious with it, so I gave it a try. I tried the root bear float, and let me tell you, the snoball mixed with the ice cream together is so delicious, I couldn't stop eating it, it really does make a difference getting the ice cream. While my friend got the tito's hawaiian float. His was good too, I liked the root beer float better though. So the prices were decent, and the service is really fast and friendly, all I can say is, I really like this snow cone truck, and I plan on getting more soon. =)
5	The truck is owned by a couple and theyre super friendly ! Super fast service, but they spend theyre time making great quality desserts ! Its a nice treat for a super hot day. Try the super awesome root beer float !!
5	These gals stop by my work - and they make my day!  I had a cherry Italian soda the other day - and it was awesome.  The girls are very nice.  Really great flavors to choose from - I am not very adventurous about certain things - so I stick with flavors that I am comfortable with,  But heck - if they keep this up - I will try more exotic flavors..
4	There's a new truck in town!  And they serve.... Snowballs?WTF are snowballs?Sorry, I'm an east coast girl and I've never heard that term before.  But from what I gather (based on the two snowballs we ordered), they are pretty much snow cones with a cuter name.  Maybe I'm wrong.Anyway, they were parked outside of Bass Pro on a painfully hot Saturday.  Lured by the promise of a frozen treat I made a beeline straight for the truck and met an incredibly friendly owner.  I went with the recommendation of the root beer float flavor (one I was already considering) and added a scoop of ice cream for an extra $1.  I was leery of the idea of ice cream, but what fun is life if you don't take any risks?  Risks that involve ice cream?I have to say that the ice cream made it for me.  As odd as it sounds it turned out to be a delicious frozen root beer float with sweet vanilla ice cream, chunks of ice, and root beer.  Trust me, it works.My only complaint is that I wish the ice was shaved finer.  It's pretty coarse in texture and has a lot of crunch.  But maybe that's the way snowballs are supposed to be?My husband ordered some special that was named after Spiderman (the nerd couldn't resist- he didn't even look at the ingredients in it).  It had a flavor similar to a snow cone you would get from the ice cream man when you were little, except this one has some chocolate too.  I didn't care for the chocolate in it, but my husband did it and that's all that mattered.An inexpensive way to cool off in this terrible, awful heat plus it's owned by some really sweet people.  Make a stop if you see their truck!
5	We had Sin City Snoballs & Snacks for the first time yesterday and loved it!  We got a snow cone with ice cream and a giant homemade cookie ice cream sandwich.  Both things we got we fabulous and helped beat this Vegas heat.  We highly recommend this food truck to everyone.  It is a good price for great food.
4	Great staff. Right now they have organic hot apple cider; YUM! Snoballs are great as well.
5	Sin City Snoballs and Snacks deserve all of the Yelp love in the world and I'm going to be the man for the job. As the unofficial marketing rep for SCS&S(wow that's a mouthful) I'll fill you in on why this food truck is here to stay. At first I was greeted with warm smiles and an explanation of everything offered on the truck. I was then given a sample of their warm apple cider, Belgian hot chocolate, and a donut. This Jew was head over heels at this point because free food is the way directly to my heart.After experiencing just a taste of what this truck had to offer I had to splurge for the Maple and Bacon glazed donuts. That's right, you heard correctly, MAPLE AND BACON. The donuts themselves were perfectly fried and crisp yet deliciously moist inside. They use real maple syrup and crispy bacon for a combination that is sure to make you the life of any party you show up to. I passed some off to fellow Yelpers and they seem officially hooked. I ended off my experience with a full hot apple cider with a scoop of ice cream on the bottom and on a cold night this can only be described as blissful. The combination makes it feel like you are drinking grandma's apple pie(unless of course your grandma can't bake). If you are looking for something sweet and filling, or you just want to be warmed up on a cold Las Vegas night, look no further than Sin City Snoballs & Snacks. Don't forget to tell them Jonathan S. sent you. Oh wait, I'm just the unofficial marketing rep. Damnit!
5	You have got to find this food truck during the hot summer months.  Nothing cools you off better than their icy cold treats. My favorite is the "Super Awesome" this is a blend of Root Beer, Coke and Vanilla Ice Cream with snow cone ice throughout. It is the best cold drink for summer. Not too sweet, cold, a bit creamy and completely delicious. You can find Sin City Snoballs around town at Bass Pro Shops at the Silverton, Las Vegas STreats and the Farmer's Market in Summerlin on Vegas and Rampart. They have other wonderul treats and snacks too. Check them out for yourself.
5	Yummy flavors and they are friendly in explaining what a snoball is and how it is different from shave ice. The syrups are delicious. I admit I was skeptical that my ice would melt and become one large hunk of ice, but it didn't. It stayed a nice tasty treat.
5	I was walking around the Farmers Market in Summerlin and I saw the truck. Decided to stop and I am SOOO glad I did! I had the Bellini and it was amazing. They have so many flavors and the owner was very nice. I will be sure to stop anytime I see these guys from now on. Heck I might stop at the farmers market just for these guys
4	on a hot day at a yelp event of course im gonna try a travlin sno ball truck lol! on recommendation i had the super awesome rootbeer float and it was indeed awesome! it was a rootbeer float and snocone all in one! loved the owner very personable! thanks!
5	Great spot. Got a free sample at the Yelp exhibition on Fremont Street. Had the Dreamy Dreamsicle Snowcone. It was delicious. Looking forward to trying all the other flavors.
3	Tried this ice snack at the 89XXXExhibition block party on Fremont.They had a long list of flavors and different mixes, but I stuck to the classic cherry. The flavor was pretty good, but the ice was so chunky it was a pain in the ass waiting for it to melt to finish the snoball. Also there wasn't that much flavor to begin with, half way through the snack all that was left was the ice. Bleh.
5	Delicious and creamy. I had my first Sin City Snowball last night at the 89xxxhibition block party downtown. I had the Black Cherry Jubilee and would definitely order it again! Great service as well!
4	As luck would have it, we spotted this fun & colorful truck right outside "Outdoor World" in Silverton. There was a tiny crowd surrounding it, so as human nature would have it, we were curious as to what it was all about. Oooooh, shaved ice. Awesome! Root beer, shaved ice? Whoa, even better! The customer service is great! Everything is explained...I can't remember any of it, but I felt assured that if I had any questions, she would be more than happy to answer them. My youngest son had a banana split shaved ice which weirded him out because it wasn't really a banana split--it's shaved ice! What? He took his first bite & nodded his head & all was well. ;-) My 10 year old loves sorbet so he went for the fruity shaved ice & enjoyed it. The husby & I shared...wait for it...yup! The root beer shaved ice. Really good, but after awhile, it got too sweet for me so the husby had the rest (he not-so-secretly loved that I basically gave up). The ice cream sandwich was delicious too. My only complaint is that it was fairly pricey...almost $30.00 for 2 medium shaved icees, 1 large one & an ice cream sandwich. Phew! But it's a special treat & we're not from the area (not even from the State)...so despite the burn on the wallet, we had to give it a try.
5	Nice refreshing & unique treats with endless flavor combinations!  Definitely try the ice cream infused treats like the "Super Awesome Rootbeer" and "Titos Hawaiian" or keep it simple with a mix of your favorite fruity flavor combinations!  You can't go wrong with Sin City Snoballs!  It's truly the best way to beat the Vegas heat with this unforgettable treat!
4	Love their yummy donut holes, PB&J and Smores.  Yumm!  Since it is "Sin City Snoballs",  you must have a snow drink with the ice cream treat in the middle, "Titos Hawaiian" is pretty tasty on a hot day!  Try their Belgium Cocoa, so rich, but so good on a crisp evening.  Definitely can't be on a diet when you're visiting this food truck!  :)
5	The donuts are amazing!!!  Wendy is just fantastic....very nice and quick service too!!!!  We love when you come to the north outlets!
5	Came upon this place while at the Las Vegas Outlets near downtown.You have to try the Dreamsicle Snoball!  It's the perfect blend of old-fashioned snoball and deluxe, creamy drink.  The cold Vietnamese Coffee was A+ too!  To top things off, the owner could not be any nicer.
1	Super retarded this business does not accept nickles or dimes lady said she got busted before for accepting change other than quarters I always thought money was money I was only upgrading a dollar with 3 quarters 2 dimes and 1 nickel such bad business shaved ice horrible too chunky not smooth plus the wait was 15 minutes lots of employees were going to be late from break
5	Excellent service.. fresh hot mini donuts and to top it off different varieties to choose from.. creamy dreamy snowballs are the best. Good customer service.. The Owner Lily is awesome
5	I am replying in response to my recent review even though I was orinally unsatisfied with the vista I was completely impress how quickly lily addressed the issues it's so hard to find businesses that take that much pride in their business.  I commend u and will come back to try it again and looking forward to a better experience.  Mahalo
2	109 degrees and hours of outlet mall shopping calls for a nice, cold, sweet treat - so my friends and I decided to stop by Sin City for a snowball or two (more like 7, but don't judge). I'm going to jump right in. The short tatted woman taking orders will be the reason why I won't be trying this place out again. Here's why - So.....prior to taking our order, there were a group of young girls ahead of us that this woman (for the sake of this review I will refer to her as Jane. I didn't get her name and I don't want to keep referring to her as "this woman") was completely enamored with. While we were waiting, she flirted with them for about 5 minutes. Hey, I'm all about getting it in when you can, but hell, it's 109 degrees and I want a damn snowball. After about 7 minutes of endless macking, she noticed my agitation and finally asked what we would like to order. As she's writing down our orders, Jane receives a call on her cell. She stops taking our order so she can answer her phone. We were not asked to wait nor were there any apologies for the interruption.  After the call ended she began taking our orders again. There were a total of 5 of us in the group. She took two of our orders, then turned her back and began having a side conversation about how those "fine ass girls" had her completely confused and disoriented. We had to tell her several times that there were more orders that needed to be taken before she finally turned her attention back to us. One of my friends asked for a recommendation. Jane recommended a tigers blood/cherry/strawberry concoction. My friend decided to go with that one. In all, it took her about 10 minutes to place orders for five folks - did I mention it was 109 degrees outside? It took another 10 minutes for everyone to get their order, and here's why - she mixed up all the red snowballs, so everyone ended up with someone else's. For some reason, they don't write the flavors on the cup, so Jane had no idea what snowball belonged to whom. Remember that tigers blood/cherry/strawberry concoction she recommended? Well Jane wrote the order incorrectly (did I mention that she's the one that recommended it?) so we had to wait while they made another one.  While we were trying to get this whole thing sorted out, Jane receives another call, and she, yep you guessed it, answered it. Are you kidding me??? We've been standing here over 20 minutes due to your complete incompetence and you take another phone call??? Did I mention it was 109 degrees outside? At this point, a woman I believe to be the owner finally stepped in. She was very nice, patient and polite. She fixed the orders and even gave us two free snowballs, but unfortunately the damage had been done. In terms of the actual snowballs - to paraphrase the great Dennis Green, they were what we thought they were - in this case, crushed ice and flavored syrup. They were good - not great and definitely not worth waiting for in 109 degree weather. In conclusion, Jane needs to go. Poor customer service + F-ing up my snowball + 109 degree weather = one pissed off customer. Maybe I'll try this place again in a year or so in hopes that Jane would have been fired by then, but I don't see myself returning anytime soon.
4	These mini donuts were just the right amount of sweetness to indulge in at the end of our retail binge and walk through the Las Vegas Premium Outlets. We tried the Strawberry Cheesecake and French Toast (maple & bacon!! Who can say no to that?!) Made fresh and great price for a good amount.  yumm! We'll be sure to try the other flavors next time!
5	I just happened to notice this place by chance. I ordered the cinnamon sugar and ginger strawberry donuts. They are to die for. Any true foodie will appreciate this place :-) .
