5	This is one of the most overlooked Jamaican restaurants in the city (due in no small part to its location), but it might just be the best and most authentic. Raised by a Jamaican mother and having taken yearly trips to visit family there, I'm always looking to replicate the real experience over here and this is one of the few places that fits the bill. The staff is amazing, super sweet and incredibly helpful and the decor, though sparse, is welcoming. There are only a couple seat, so it's definitely more of a take-out place, but it is well worth the trip.The patties are fresh and flaky, served piping hot, and you can also get them frozen or in cocktail size if you're having a party (and inviting me). The roties boast some really delicious curried filling and you can get chicken, beef or goat. Throw in some gizarda and coconut drops for dessert and you'll be more than satisfied.However, the best of the best is only available on Saturdays: the jerk chicken and jerk pork. Holy moly is this amazing jerk! Spicy, sure, but also incredibly flavourful and prepared in a drier marinade than most places use here, creating a jerk coating that really sticks to the tender, tasty meat. You can buy it by the pound, so I would suggest one of each to last the weekend if you're dining with friends. Really, really spectacular.One last mention is that they also stock all the Grace sodas, Ting and even peanut punch. It's the complete Jamaican experience, minus the weather.
5	November 6, 2012I first tasted their pattie about 6 months ago. Wow was it great. Better than any I ever had before. I raved about it to my workmates and friends.Unfortunately it is a bit far from where I live or work. However, last week I had an errand to run and decided to detour to get some patties. I had also had a request to P.U. some for co-workers who had never tried the patties from this place. I picked up 2 dozen.Well I must tell you, they became instant fans. They couldn't beleive how great they were.Now I have been recruited to get some more. Wish they had delivery service. Maybe they could deliver if someone orders 3 dozen or more  I live in Ville saint Laurent and they are in N.D.G.Hope the place will be around for a long time. Recommend anyone who really loves a great pattie to visit this place. THE BEST !!!!Karl Z.
4	Words are a powerful thing, intuition even stronger...I had just written my review for Anancy and found myself in the mood for a chicken roti, hmmm, not in the mood to drive, I thought but after reading Kim B's review for Mr Pattie,, I jumped into my car and drive over there!My love affair with chicken roti started when I was 19, my ex is a Trini and he introduced me to this delicious delicacy that I still enjoy and crave to this day!I followed the directions on Mr Pattie's website from Sherbrooke St West, very easy, thank you:) About 15 minutes later, I drive onto Patricia, a little residential street.I walked in and was greeted with a friendly smile and a warm hello.I ordered 2 beef patties, their golden, orangey hue was calling me from their display case and I knew they would be delicious! I also ordered a chicken roti and a Grace pineapple soda.My order was ready very quickly and I hopped into my car to go home.I put my keys into the ignition to go but settled back into my seat to taste a pattie. They were very hot which I like, the pastry was very flaky and the filling oh so deliciously spiced and unlike most places, this pattie was stuffed with filling, no skimpy, thin layer! Mmmm, it was worth the drive! I contemplated eating the other but I was a thoughtful gf and brought it home:)I brushed the crumbs off me and started driving home, my roti tempting me with it's curried aroma teasing my senses.Onto the roti...I got home, opened the bag and took my first bite, oh my god was my first thought! Heavenly! Beautifully spiced, saucy, flavorful, nice chunks of potato and the chicken, beyond tender and delicious! I thoroughly enjoyed every mouthful and I will not be hesitating to drive back when my next roti craving hits me!I can't wait to try their jerk pork and jerk chicken, I definitely plan on getting some to BBQ!Thanks Kim for your descriptive, well written review and thanks Mr Pattie for making your food so delicious!
5	You're sure not going to find a better patty anywhere near Montreal. Got that nice yellow-orange flaky action, well-seasoned (if maybe underspiced; I'm always looking for a little more heat than I can get up here). Really lovely people running the shop. This place is more like a 4 to me, but I'm spoiled from having grown up in the north Bronx, so 5 it is.
