2	yeah, this is the place where pseudo sushi afficienandos go to feel like their really exotic food experts. if it's got cream cheese in it, it ain't sushi, and this place has cc is just about every roll.happy hour is LOUD in the bar. not fun loud, but "let's crank the bad early 90s alt rock and top 40 emo rock as loud as possible" seemingly as catch all for the only demographics who will like this place- early 20s and late 40s and 50s who want to seem like they still know how to get down with the younger generation.because it's ahwatukee (a "sleepy bedroom" community that is pretty affluent all in all and likes to be reminded), the crowd can be obnoxious, even more than this bar already is.again, i recommend it as a place to go and be rowdy, not to eat great sushi.
4	The atmosphere in RA is a bit pretentious, fake and noisy. But I actually like the place. I enjoy sitting on the patio, having a few happy hour asahi's and maybe having a sake bomber or two. I only do this when the weather is nice, and try to avoid friday's or saturday's. As far as the food, I have eaten at several sushi places throughout the country and they all taste a bit fishy to me. When I get sushi I actually like it to be a bit bland. I sampled some of the more exotic stuff, and it wasn't for me.So, for not being a sushi aficionado, by avoiding the crowded times and coming to RA's during happy hour times (7-10 i think?) I actually enjoy it!
3	I give them three stars for being within walking distance, and having a pretty good happy hour food menu.I wouldn't consider trying anything exotic hereHowever, for 2$ salmon nigiri, Ra does a good enough job.The drinks are still pretty expensive, even during happy hourThe crowd is full of d-bags, but I usually just ignore them and sit on the patio in my own happy little world :)
2	Its a dump. Mind you - a very nicely decorated dump. If you wish to hang out and yell over music with out much care what goes in your mouth then this place is for you. If you care about your food you should get in your car and go elsewhere, as this is not a place for Sushi/Rolls lovers. Its mediocre at the very best. Bleah. "I dunt like"Eugene
1	This bar is based more on looks rather than authenticity of Sushi. Not that I have a problem with promoting ambiance, but I'm more about authenticity and dive places. Additionally the service was rather shoddy and IMHO rather racist. There was definitely a perceptible difference in  service to people of the brown leaning as compared to the paler people. I've been told that's a Phoenix mentality ( but I still thinks it's absolutely wrong).As for  the sushi well the gaari was bitter ( a good sign that the place is unauthentic) and the slices of fish (which I ordered, tuna and salmon ) were too thick ( on the maki) and in the rolls too skimpy. Shushi doesn't have too many variables to play around  with so the way to determine its goodness is based on these parameters (also on the taste/texture of the rice). The lighting was too dim for a raw meat food joint. The  servers were attractive though (again a sign that what they are selling isn't food)
4	I have always heard bad things about Ra so I never wanted to make it a place to dine for sushi... I do think that most negative comments were referring to the location in Scottsdale if that makes any difference.  So what brought me to Ra was a team dinner with my coworkers.  The drinks I had were a little sweet than I usually like, but still good.  We were sat right away and the service was attentive... everything I had sushi wise was very good.  I enjoyed this much more than what I had at Kobe Japanese Steakhouse & Tepan & Sushi.  I would agree with other reviewers that the music is really loud and kind of out of place for a sushi restaurant.  In fact when we first arrived the music was at a normal level and then at some point they really cranked it up so then you kind of had to shout at the people in your party.  Other than that I really enjoyed the sushi and would come back for lunch since my office is close.
3	Holy crap, people actually eat here?  The last several times I've been to this RA, I can gauge my level of intoxication between pretty buzzed to blackout-absolutely wasted.  As you can tell, neither I nor any of my compatriots make it a point to actually dine here, mainly drink.  That's right, awesome happy hour and on Sunday night it's Service Industry Night (aka happy hour on Sunday night).  The happy hour menu is pretty extensive with appetizers ranging from the standard california roll to gyoza, seafood dynamite, and coconut shrimp skewer things.  However, where RA truly shines is it's specials on alcohol.  Food may be ordered when the hunger arises concurrently with inebriation, but at that point it doesn't matter if it's just so-so or even sub-par (it's like having beer goggles, but for food, not chicks).  However, I can't give this place a complete crap rating because of all the wonderful drunken memories I've had here (the few times I actually remembered the outings/the first half of the outing).
3	My boyfriend told me that the sushi we had was the best he has ever had there and that we must have hit it on an ON night. We had the avocado suhsi and that INCREDIBLE... the california rolls were just so so. The people there were the most ridiculous part and made me feel as though we should have been heading to a frat party after our "date".
1	Gave Ra two chances.  Still do not like the atmosphere, nor the food.  What's with the loud music?  Perhaps it's management hoping that I won't notice how awful the food is by painfully triggering my eardrums.  The noodle soup, the title of which goes something like... $14 bowl of soup (I don't know, it was so noisy, I couldn't think!) was TERRIBLE.  I really can't expound on why I found it disgusting.  All I remember as I tasted the broth and noodles was a flashback of Warner Bros. cartoons where a character (was it Bugs Bunny?) was shoveling paper money into a burning fireplace.  Total waste of money.  Mom didn't like the soup, as well.  A coworker of mine and I met here for happy hour and tried many apps, which I do admit were nicely priced.  The low prices aren't enough to get me to return, however.  The one plate I remember liking, so much so that I ordered it twice (we were very hungry) was made of tofu.  I even wrote it down and asked for it at my favorite sushi resto, but they didn't know what it could be, much less replicate it.  Since I'm not much of a drinker, I cannot discuss happy hour drink specials as I only drink water- I rarely order alcohol because I prefer to eat my calories.Sayona-Ra!
3	Love sushi but I cannot claim to be an expert.  I like this place.  Like it dont love it.  Sometimes the sushi is simply amazing. sometimes it just insnt.  They always refill my drink quick which is cool.  This place is kind of pretentious and it really shouldnt be. Yes it is upscale and overpriced but it is in Ahwatukee on the border of Tempe.  Not N. Scottsdale.  Its fun though. I really enjoy myself when I go and it is not bad for meeting some people of all kinds at and around the bar.Staff is filled with hot chicks but the bartender who is the manager also can turn the music up WAY too loud.  She kind of gives the tough shit look to the custies.Good social spot, ok food.
4	Again this a love/hate place. I love it, me and my wife like to go here on a Friday night, we like the atmosphere and the loud music, sushi is good and they have a good happy hour.
3	I'm a happy hour troll... I never go there otherwise but get a bunch of rolls half off and some beers.. can't complain a bit.
2	i've been to Ra a few times in Arizona and California. the chain is generally located in major strip malls so it's one of those places i repeatedly stumble on while shopping or trying to kill time before a late movie. i think Ra wants to be known as a late night hot spot as opposed to a place you can find good sushi. there's always a great patio to socialize and people watch. the service is slow and confusing because you seem to end up with about 2 or 3 different people waiting on you. the last time i was here, waitress #2 poured our sake to the point where it overflowed. unless licking sake off the table is an ancient Japanese tradition i don't know about, that's pretty crap service. as for the sushi, it doesn't stand out at all. maybe the music made it so i couldn't taste my food. yeah, it's loud to the point where both your eardrums and your taste buds are numb.like everyone else says, go for the Happy Hour and hanging out. but take only those friends who have perfect hearing and really loud voices.
3	I've read a lot of the previous reviews and I don't understand the people who are surprised that Ra does not serve the best quality sushi.  May I remind all my fellow reviewers that this is a CHAIN restaurant who opens restaurants in strip malls in the hippest urban environments.  Do you go to On the Border and remark at the lack of authentic Mexican Food?  No, it's a chain therefore it cannot truly be authentic.  It's a rule.  As far as chains go Ra isn't the worst I have ever been to.  Granted the comments about the consistency of the sushi are true.  I've had both good and bad experiences here.  Overall it is a unique chain that does a decent job selling americanized sushi rolls.  You won't find the most authentic sushi here, but the calamari roll, the Las Vegas roll, and the Gojira roll are worth trying, as long as you aren't expecting "authentic" sushi as some of the previous reviewers were.
3	I used to go to RA Scottsdale all the time when I lived in PHX and I loved it, and everytime that I have gone back since, I have enjoyed it just as much. I ended up at the Chandler RA less than enthused during my last trip to Phoenix because I had been there before, and it's just not the same.. Yeah, its the same sushi and the same prices - but it just feels more like a chain than the Scottsdale one does.. or at least, did.. I haven't been there in a couple years. Happy Hour is pretty solid and we had a bunch of sushi and saki for a good price, so it's worth it during those times. After that, I'm not sure.. I wouldn't go out of my way.. like I used to do for RA in Scottsdale.
4	some of these reviews really make me laugh. This is not a place to go if you're expecting authentic Asian food. You can tell the moment you walk in that doorway..The loud music and ambiance is to attract a certain target group. It's not meant for everyone. For what they are they are pretty good, best time to go is happy hour, otherwise it might not be in your price range. I happen to like the people who work there too.
1	Delirious from hunger and unable to think straight I let my daughter talk me into the worst decision I've made in quite sometime. We ordered a Tempura & California Roll Lunch Combo plus a tootsy maki and a tuna avocado roll rolled in toasted sesame seeds. The tempura arrived, everything was barely crisp, a tad greasy but otherwise somewhat edible. When we got our sushi rolls it was apparent with one look that they were total crap, however, starving as we were we decided to carry on and eat. Tootsy Maki= DooDoo Kaki! Don't be fooled by the long wait, they are not making these fresh to order. This was definitely a roll that was prepped and pre-rolled last night! The seaweed was chewy and slimy, the dried up rice almost broke my tooth and the crab mixture was like eating mayo that sat out over night. My Tuna and Avocado roll which I asked specifically to be rolled in TOASTED SESAME SEEDS, was no better with it's also chewy seaweed and RAW Sesame Seeds, I didn't order a damn big mac. WTF! The California roll that arrived lastly with the salad was the same kind of pre-rolled crap. We ended up leaving it. Unfortunately I had to pay for this shit, but made sure to thank the sushi guys for the worst sushi I've ever eaten and let them know that I knew they  had served us pre-rolled crap, and of course they had nothing to say but "have a nice day"! *vomits*
2	Ra is a great place to go if you're looking for a party-atmosphere to hang out with friends and have some sake. But be warned, if you're in the mood for authentic and fresh sushi and a relaxing atmosphere, this is not the place.The patio, during the cooler months, is quieter and more enjoyable (and is a decent place to people-watch on weekend nights). They have a great bar if you're looking to socialize and have a few cocktails during happy hour. The special rolls are good. I love their Ultimate Shrimp Tempura roll and their Ahi Tuna is good. However, the seafood is not as fresh as it could be. The prices are a bit expensive for only receiving decent sushi. When you're traveling and don't know any local sushi joints, Ra is a reliable chain to go to.
5	There are RA sushi locations in Houston, I don't care for them.  Bad service for overpriced, undeserved food.  Well, I had a to spend the night in Phoenix and hungry.  There were only two restaurants opened, Applebee's and RA.  Hmm...which to choose...I don't like either.  My friend suggested RA since he likes it in Houston.  Wow!  It was fun!!  The inexpensive sake bombs and yummy sushi.  When you haven't eaten all day and your first meal starts at 11 pm...it was heavenly!!  The bartender was super awesome!!
5	Great Happy Hour Specials. 3pm - 7pm Mon - Saturday.Tunacado was the best!!! Spicy Tuna was delicious, great endamame & seaweed salad. Bar was packed, but we found 2 seats. I can't wait to go back! Great, friendly service!
4	Fab happy hour.... make dinner out of it! 4 rolls , 2 salads & a lobster wonton app with a divine sauce to go with... all about $40... including a couple drinks.. Yellow tail roll was my least fav.. just had a weird taste.. and I cant do sushi with a taste that isnt fresh... umm sorry not worth it.. but everything else was right on...so I didnt send back... Waiter kind of complacent.. I hate my salads to come seconds before my other choices.. Decor I adore!
4	Came for the Happy Hour menu (5-7pm) and although the place was packed, we were seated immediately at the sushi bar. Calamari app was perfect - light, crispy, and dry - not dripping with oil like at the Scottsdale location! Three rolls, two sushi and a couple of beer/sakes later and we were stuffed and only $36 in! All the food was super-fresh. Yellowtail was a little too cold, actually, had to let it sit for a few minutes. Had to wait a little longer than I'd like to pay the check, but that's because our server clearly had too many tables to handle - when the place is packed like that, they should schedule more servers to come in.
2	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):6 Food7 Service8 Atmosphere4 Value
4	For sushi in the desert RA is pretty good. I recommend the Vegas roll almost everything I have had has been pretty good. This location is not as packed as the one on Scottsdale rd or Mill if you're in the area.
4	RA is a great happy hour spot and is pretty happening on a Friday night!  The music is always great and even when it's chilly outside, the heaters keep the temperature perfect.  The service is okay, pretty friendly, just busy.  I tried the Mango Margarita last time and it was delicious.  With so many items on the sushi happy hour menu now, it is hard to pick sometimes, so I just got my usual of the Spicy Tuna Roll and the Salmon Nigiri, and of course, always edamame!  The side of grilled veggies is also one of my favorites, a little on the spicy side, just the way I like them!Go on your birthday and enjoy a full size Tempura Ice Cream dessert!  Plenty for the whole table to share!
4	I love this place, the best service out of any RA I've been to in the valley and the food and drinks are always good!
2	Good sushi, great service. The loud rock music and night club atmosphere was a little too much. Went on a Thursday night and was told it was really laid back. I'd avoid the place on the weekends if you are looking for a quiet relaxing dinner.   The sushi was just okay.  For the price you pay, I'd expect excellent.   A little disappointed.
2	Pretty good happy hour. Not very authentic sushi. I hate people who think the can say they "LOVE RA" but the only thing they get are the California rolls. If you're looking for authentic Japanese sushi- stay away. Fun atmosphere, pretty good service, cheap happy hour, but I've def had better sushi.
3	I've only been to this Ra once or twice, but I think the price is overestimated here.  Maybe people are having too much Sake.  The service is decent, ambiance is very faux Japanese-American deal.  Sushi is pretty good and if you go during happy hour it's a steal.  Sake and Kirin is like 3 or 4 bucks and you can get a thing of Sake for $1.  They have a nice patio sitting area to people watch. Great place if you want to catch a friend for lunch or do dinner and a movie.
4	Ra has an EXCELLENT happy hour, and reverse happy hour on Sundays.  They offer  a lot of sushi rolls, and appetizers half off, along with great drink specials.  My personal favorite rolls on happy hour are the Tootsy Maki and the Las Vegas roll, but they offer several other choices so there's something for everyone!  They have great specials for Sake bombs, and the Blushing Geisha is the tastiest drink they serve (think, raspberry lemonade, spiked).It's a great environment to go with friends, especially on a Sunday night when they have a DJ spinnin.  Not to mention, the food is delicious.  If you have not tried the Viva Las Vegas roll, you MUST!!  It is incredible!It has a really laid back ambience about it, and great food.... why wouldn't you check it out? :-)
2	If you have to feel like you're looking cool when you eat your sushi, this must be your place. I say that because it's always crowded and I fail to see the allure.If you want sushi, there are better places nearby. If you want to go out and party, there are better places nearby. If you want to go out and party while eating sushi, you come here! The sushi menu is incredibly gimmicky. Be prepared to hunt for their "dictionary" so you can see what you're ordering. The happy hour deals are decent- I like both the Viva Las Vegas and Tootsy Maki rolls, but they just barely resemble sushi. Aside from the sushi, my fiance always orders the Chicken Katsu and enjoys it (particularly the wasabi mashed potatoes), but that's the only thing he orders at any Japanese restaurant. There's always loud music blaring and after about 5, drunk girls in the bathroom. I can tolerate this place when someone else wants to go, but see no reason to eat here on my own accord.
3	This place needs a face-lift, the whole concept and decor is outdated and needs some help. I think their sushi and other food items are alright, although they try to be so trendy and in reality there menu is pretty blah. Its a fun place to grab a drink and sit on the patio, but the excitement and trendiness of this place is completely gone.
1	It'd actually been a while since I'd been to a Ra that wasn't for drinks on a Sunday happy hour. I was in the area with my boyfriend and we always go to this shopping center for the yogurt and we always pass Ra. I guess I couldn't remember just WHY I block Ra out of my mind until it slipped and I decided to give it another shot.Bad idea.It was a very very slow lunch, so when we walked in we were surprised to see no one at the host stand. We waited for a few minutes and finally a manager appeared to seat us. Our server appeared shortly after we were sat. I don't even remember her name, but she wasn't bad at all. She was probably the best thing about the whole experience - but that's not saying much.Anyway, my boyfriend ordered the beef teriyaki lunch but he wasn't a huge fan. I didn't try it so I can't say much else about it. I ordered freshwater eel nigiri - hard to mess up, spicy tuna roll - also hard to mess up, but it was also nothing special - and a softshell crab roll. I was definitely not a fan. The roll had too many other things in it that contradicted the crab - I ended up taking out the carrots and asparagus - too hard to put in a sushi roll! I was so put off by the roll that I didn't even finish it. It was a pretty expensive roll that should have just been kept simple like all other sushi places. For dessert, we ordered the banana maki. Again, it was nothing too special. Overall, I wasn't impressed and was reminded why I stayed away from Ra. I think they try too hard to make different and unique rolls that it ruins the flavor of it. I'll only go back to Ra MAYBE for the Sunday happy hours, if ever.
2	Okay...I'm gonna keep saying this until you get it in your head!  You looking for sushi?  Why are you coming here??  Yes, I know it says RA "Sushi" - it also says "Bar" -- come for the drinks and atmosphere.  Really the sushi is not gonna blow any minds anytime soon.  Their reverse happy hour is always a delight since prices drop and the drinks keep flowing :)  Stay thirsty my friends!
4	Las vegas roll is all you need to know
4	Always enjoy our visits to RA. Our party of six arrived early afternoon. The restaurant was fairly slow,  we were seated quickly and greeted very friendly by Tiffany. We ordered edamame, steamed and RA chips and salsa (tuna tartar with salsa and avocado served with wonton chips). We were unsure of what to drink and Tiffany recommended White Sake Sangria. What a great recommendation!Our group shared udon noodles, Las Vegas roll, crispy tuna roll and two California rolls for the kids. We really enjoy the atmosphere and grooving music to dance to with the kids!  Each meal is really fun because we mix it up and don't go in with any preconceived notions and our kids love it.
3	This place has a decent Happy Hour but that is really all its good for.  Get there early so you and friends can actually sit together and put back whatever liquor and sushi you can before 7pm and prepare yourself to get going to the next hot spot.  Not a big fan of the lighting in there either as they dim it so much it almost makes you pass out when its still early.  The specials during HH are what really make this place any good, there does seem to be a lot of DB's floating around there as well.  I will continue to still hit this place up for HH occasionally but you won't see me there any other time.
1	RA is the worst place to go for sushi. They are owned by the Benihana corporation... so that should explain everything. RA is the Samauri Sam's for sushi. Test kitchen prepped with a marketing team to sell food based on quirky names for different rolls.This RA is located in a shopping complex next to a movie theater. They have a decent bar and a great happy hour drink menu. That's about it. Don't eat there. Their fish doesn't taste very fresh and their rolls... well, they come out looking so fancy. But that's it. Just a pretty face. Prices are a little steep considering they serve 2nd rate sushi. You can find fresher tastier rolls at Safeways.
5	This place is a great place to eat alone, have a date, meet some friends, or even business. They have greet food, great workers, TV for sports, and even on the weekends live music. KINGofHUD
4	We sat at the sushi bar and had a great time! Benjamin, our sushi chef, he really pampered us!  He even enticed our 8 year old to give eel, octopus and snow crab.  She loved them all, so no more just California Rolls for her!  Thanks Benjamin!
4	Cool and hip place. Black, red, and wood always seems to make a place cool. I started out with a spicy tuna roll. I know, not exactly going out on the edge, but still a good call. So tasty!Then, I went with the spicy chicken teriyaki udon. This was recommended by my server who I didn't call darlin'. Sometimes you've got to trust your server. Mine made a great call tonight. The ingredients look and taste very fresh, and are in good proportions to one another. The teriyaki sauce wasn't overbearing or salty. I've got to say that I enjoyed every bite. I couldn't finish it, but enjoyed every bite.
4	We normally hit Ra Sushi for after-school snack-happy hour, but not today!  Don't tell the kids!We were greeted quickly and seated at our booth. Kat was our server and she was very attentive and extremely polite. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal. We love our visits to Ra!
2	Gilbert location is nicely decorated.  I like to sit outside on the patio during the nice weather because it's too loud inside.  The hostess was terrible - not inviting at all! - but our waitress was awesome.  The food is so-so.  It's hard to screw up miso soup, edamame and veggie rolls.  But the veggie tempura was terrible!  Dripping in oil and the dipping sauce was tasteless - or maybe overpowered by the taste of the oil.  There are DEFINITELY better sushi places but the prices are reasonable.  It's chain, keep your expectations low.
3	The sushi was good (I only tried 2 rolls). The wine selection was GREAT! The service was good, and the price was a bit high. Over all I enjoyed my experience at RA. The only 2 negatives were, the women's bathroom was being remodeled so I had to used the men's....eeeewh, and it was FREEZING! For some reason the AC was on at 8 pm at night and it was cold outside. We asked them to turn it off because it was blowing right on our table and no one ever did. Since I was literally shivering I did not get to enjoy my experience as much as I would have liked. I really just wanted to go relax and chat with my friends after work, but I think I burned just as many calories sitting there freezing my ars off as I would have if I had gone to the gym. I'll go back when it is hot outside again.
5	I not only love the food, the service is amazing!!!
4	We tried one of the new rolls the Pacific Roll and the Tunacado!  They were really good, nice presentation, great flavor, of course our 8 yr old is branching out from her California Rolls, so I only got a taste.  We also enjoyed the stand by California roll, rainbow, shrimp tempura and spicy tuna, all as good as the last time.
2	I'm not usually the biggest fan of Ra to begin with but we go there every now and then for Happy hour for sushi.  We decided to go to the Awhatukee location this time instead of Tempe.  Parking is usually crazy because they share it with a movie theater and other businesses. We were seated and ordered our drinks and all was well.  We ordered our food and we ordered 3 rolls.  It took them 45 minutes to bring out our rolls when we were starving.  They never take that long and it was just unacceptable.  Every time we asked our server to bring us something we knew it was going to take him 10 minutes to come back with it.  Our daughter was waiting for her cheater chopsticks so she could eat with us, and that took forever. Same with our bill etc. It was a pain in the ass.  Their rolls are pretty mediocre anyway.  They are never rolled tightly and they are tiny.  I don't think we will be visiting a chain like this in a while.  We will stick to a mom and pop sushi restaurant.
1	Ra Ra Sis Boom Blah.. Ive tried so many times to eat here and like it since there aren't  really any other sushi restaurants nearby.  Its just not happening. Sure they have a great happy hour prices, but I don't think I should have to fish lemon seeds out of my sake bottle, or have little nats swimming around in my soy sauce. The sushi wasn't very fresh at all. This would be a great place to go if you've never eaten sushi before, so then you'd have nothing to compare it to.
4	While it is a chain restaurant, I really enjoy the sushi here, and they have quite an extensive selection of it.  The tofu dish is a must try, we order it every time we dine here.  Also, the best music selection of any restaurant I've ever been to.   Make sure you check out their happy hour where many of their sushi are half priced.*doesn't serve coke products
2	I've never been a huge fan of RA but I decided to give them one last chance tonight, and it will be my last. The service was absolutely terrible and the food was mediocre at best. The waiter was rude and we were halfway done with our meal before he brought out our drinks. This was yet another bad experience at RA sushi and it will be my last.
5	Great Happy hour!  Love th Miso Soup and the overall atmosphere!  Great plum wine too!
1	Went to Phoenix for my buddy's Rock and Roll Marathon, and on the day we were heading back to LA we decided to grab some sushi since it seemed to be on everyone's mind. Found that there was a RA sushi bar right near the place we were staying at, and so what I thought was going to be a decent sushi place; since we have one back in CA ended up turning into a horrible experience. To be honest the only good thing I remember about this place was the hot waitress and the green tea...lol...I mean the service took forever (which btw it was around 3 pm and no one was in the restaurant), so either we had some beginner sushi chef learning the ropes or they just decided to take there sweet ass time. If it weren't for the eye candy and the green tea I wouldn't be able to give it any stars, but I decided to be nice and at least give them a star for effort. Have fun for whoever decides to try out this place. Never going back that's for sure. =P
4	This place is always one of the first places my husband and I go to, once we are in a city that has one. Having lived in Phoenix for around 10 years, this has always been one of my favorites. Recently they have added new rolls and sushi to their menu, and I must say, Great job!
5	I have been to several RA locations and, in my opinion, this one is the best.  Probably have ate / drank here 40 or 50 times in the last 7 years.  I hands down love this place.  Don't know how anybody could not give it 5 stars.  The sushi has always been great.  We have never had a bad piece of sushi here - in fact my sake bomber and I consider it to be kind of the standard by which we measure other places that serve sushi.  Yes, the Kirin sake bombers are always on special, but I like Asahi better than Kirin and they have both, so I'm in good shape.  Additionally, the female employees are generally pretty attractive at this place, which makes it easier to sit and hang out for extended periods of time.  And there are usually a couple of dude bartenders that my wife can stare at a little, so she's placated.  The crowd is usally pretty good Thursday, Friday & Saturday nights, the club music type atmosphere is current, relevant and helps keep you in high spirits.Finally, since the theater is right next door, you can people watch from the patio pretty easily.  Pricing is what you would expect for a place of this caliber and atmosphere.  Highly recommend.
4	I would highly recomend ordering a sunami punch from the bar.  I really really hate sushi, but coming here for drinks is well worth it.  Most of my friends like the sushi here, but for me the drinks are top notch.
5	My husband and I always keep coming back! We're all about exploring different sushi places, but each time I find myself comparing it to RA and having a "Aw MAN!" moment, just wishing their sushi was as good as RA's. We usually go for Happy Hour in the afternoon for better prices on rolls. They increased their Happy Hour prices a while ago, but apparently that doesn't matter because I keep coming back because it's worth it! Also, I have to say that almost all of the servers are covered in tattoos, and that...is kick ass!
4	What the heck is the vegan doing at a sushi bar? Eating kick ass sushi! This is my second experience dining at Ra and it was a good one! The veggie rolls are great. Stuffed with avocado and asparagus and super delicious. My only complaint is that our rolls fell apart, a problem that my girlfriend has had in the past here and that we did not encounter at Ra's Old Town Scottsdale location.I was notified that the vegetable tempura rolls were also vegan, except that they are fried in the same oil as poultry and seafood. There was no noticeable fish and/or chicken taste so it's edible, IMO. This had squash (I think) and eggplant and was served with an eel sauce (V).It was really loud, being late night on a Friday. But our server was very helpful. It is pricey, though! Each roll we got was $6-7 and when you add a sake bomber you're looking at an expensive night. Looking forward to going back for happy hour some day.
4	Have you tried their happy hour?  You should.I can't believe i like fish in the middle of the desert, don't tell my friends back at home in the bay area.The tempura calamari is wonderful, please try.Gyoza is good.Sushi has plenty of the good stuff - wasabi, makes you feel alive.  Love the music.  Gets kind of loud, so if you're looking for an intimate spot, this is not it.  Good place for a celebration with lots of people though.  Very friendly service.
3	The happy hour is legit, especially if you're on a budget but there's not much inventive about Ra's menu, decor, or dining experience. I will say that I've never had bad service at any Ra, which speaks to a pretty good corporate structure and training program. Water glasses are always filled and if there's ever a problem with the food or drinks their people are quick to remedy the situation. The music is generally pretty decent. Eclectic mix, with everything from Biggie and Beasties to Ramones and Zeppelin. Can skew a tad loud though.If you're looking to blow off some steam after work Ra is a solid option. And if you're with a gal, she'll more than likely approve.
4	Our Sunday night plans turned out lamer than expected, and RA's reverse happy hour saved the evening! All dressed up on a Sunday evening with nowhere special to go? Ra will do!Sunday nights they 'transform' the bar in to the 'Flying Fish Lounge.' A DJ sets up right around 8pm in the corner of the bar and the beats stay bumping til close. Though the beats are nothing out of this world, it just spice up the bar area, but doesn't cause too much commotion in the restaurant area...Drinks & food at RA are overpriced regularly, but as mentioned, for HH, you can't complain. The prices range from $2-$7 for both drinks & sushi specials. Big rolls like the amazing Las Vegas Roll & probably the shrimp tempura are $7, basic rolls like spicy tuna are $4, & I think the nigri is $3.. Hot sake - $1, Big Kirin beers are only like $3, & their mix drinks range, but are never that impressive.That night I ordered two rolls (the toosty maki is always a winner if you like eel sauce) & some yummy Albacore appetizer and my tab was $19. My girlfriend ordered dessert, and it looked amazing! An asian spin on the banana split, it was served like a tempura sushi roll, but instead was fried ice cream smothered in chocolate sauce, whipped cream, strawberries, etc. looked amazing!Oh Ra, you may be a chain but I'm glad to have you close.
5	Good service, good price, good food, and sexy waitresses. Safe to say ill be back.
3	Ok so I am a bit of a sushi snob, and I've been putting off trying this place it's been taunting me cause I see it every Friday night... Anyways Happy hour is super legit, I had 2 rolls, an order of hamachi nigiri and hot sake. For everything it was 15$ can't complain! Ok so the sushi... spicy salmon roll wasn't at all spicy, seriously I used the whole ball of wasabi in that roll to make it spicy... They may want to check into labeling it 'spicy' I think  next time I'll try Spicy tuna and ask for it extra spicy cause man I love spicy food.  I also had the totsy maki, pretty legit I'd order it again, bland and predictable but good. Hamachi was delicious thank god! I love hamachi and if it hadn't been tasty I would have seriously thought about moving back to CA tomorrow. I'll totally be checking this place out again sometime soon when we have more time to try a couple more things. Time constraint tonight.  I have to say I loved the ambiance in there! Perfect oh and the bartender we had was the nicest lady ever.
3	I met Sarah M. for lunch today. I think Ra is an OK place for happy hour. decent drink specials and their crunchy spicy tuna roll is yummy. For meals in general, just OK. We both had the chirasha bowl, mine without rice with extra veggies (GD thyroid - I diet and still gain about a half pound a week). All tasted good but for the same price I would recommend Sushi Ken for something local.
2	A pricy place to grab a bite. The plating of the food is beautiful, but the portions are a little small for the money. The restaurant itself is beautifully decorated, but I could barely hold a conversation over all the noise. I was taken aback at how loud it was. There was a DJ spinning as well and, to put it nicely, I wasn't a fan of his "skills". The noise volume absolutely smothered the meal and destroyed the atmosphere for me.
4	I went here twice over the weekend, once in Scottsdale and once here in Chandler on ray. I must say I think the service is indeed better at the one on Ray, food taste more as it should here too. I had their vegas roll, totally delicious! I love the happy hour here more than anything! Ill be returning again and again... I'm glad I finally found a sushi place that almost can hold it's own against the ones I frequented in CA.
3	Never go for the food.  It's not that it's not good, it's just that it's okay.  Always go for the drinks and company.My friend and I visited during happy hour and got out the cheapest ever.Our service was good, not stellar, but good.I think that if they had happy hour all day, it would be awesome.
2	I'm updating my review...because...well, this is just disappointing. I've been a huge fan of RA for the past 5+ years. I just feel like the quality/quantity is decreasing and the prices are increasing. I understand it's a tough economy...but they just lost two loyal customers. This past time my husband and I went, he could have sworn the rice was different on the rolls (I couldn't really tell a difference but he didn't like it) and I know this is small to most people, but they don't have the low-sodium soy sauce anymore. We tried the regular soy sauce and just did a tiny bit, but it was so salty and overpowering, that we couldn't really enjoy our rolls. The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.
2	Happy Hour- super cheap, good deals.  cheap sake, cheap beers, cheap sushi.  The downside- you get what you pay for.The Sushi is made in the same process as going to a Subway.  Everything is wrapped in plastic wrap and they just plunk the ingredients onto rice.  White sushi chef re-wraps it a few time, "I think that will stick", and walla! Sushi!Would I recommend the sushi?  No.  But I would recommend the sushi if you want cheap eats. Yes. Its' a little better than going to the grocery store for sushi, but not much.
4	Food is consistently tasty and people are way cool. Take care of your bartenders!
5	Great Sushi, great drinks, great service and most of all -great staff!   After a couple of visits -the staff miraculously remembers what you and your friends ordered to drink or eat!  I was meeting a friend there so I ordered my drink and the service connoisseur asked what my guest would like and I couldn't remember what he drank!  She asked me if he had been there before with me and I said yes -and began to describe him amongst the group that was with us last time --she immediately said "oh yes, he had a "drink name here" and said she would bring him a cold one to be ready for when he arrives"......amazing -I still can't remember what he drank -but the fact that she remembers you when you come in -and can remember you if you aren't even there yet....that's what I call excellent service and a true connection with your customers!
5	Love this place! sushi is great and sake bomber is awesome! Happy hour is the best!! service is great too...Try it out during happy hour its worth it!
4	I wasn't expecting much from a chain sushi restaurant but the food was surprisingly good. I love sashimi and only ordered a small amount because of my trepidation. I wish I'd ordered more because it was very fresh and tasty. The rolls I sampled were the Tootsy Maki, Spicy Tuna, and Vegas roll. Spicy tuna was my favorite but the Tootsy maki was also really good. I love anything with eel sauce. My husband loved the Vegas maki but there was just too much going on in it. I did love the fried lotus chips on top. Seriously, why don't they sell those things by the bag? The cocktails were just okay. Go for the happy hour because the prices are ridiculous afterward. $8.50 for a California roll? I think not! The service was extremely fast. Our sushi came out with our drinks. The wait staff were very friendly and answered all of my questions thoroughly. And, I enjoyed sitting out on the patio even though the view was of a parking lot. I'll definitely go back for more...but only before 7pm!
5	Stopped here very quickly for some appetizers: shishito peppers and the garlic citrus yellowtail.  Strawberry lemonade for the drink...service was great and the food exceptionally fresh!  I've been here before this time and will continue to return.  Lots to try on the menu!
3	Excellent Service, food is good.
5	When you come to RA at this location you know you are going to get good, top quality Sushi and great service. The young lady that helped us provided us with good suggestions and timely service.As for the food, what can I say, after I finished the last piece or sushi, I still wanted more. Our appetizer was great also. I would suggest the miso soup paired with the tempura vegetables. The sushi was the next best thing. I was fresh, well prepared, and the gave us generous portions. We had basic sushi, (cucumber roll, California roll, and the Philly roll), yet they were as yummy as can be.Lastly our dessert! My wife enjoyed the green tea ice cream, while I devoured a banana split concoction with fresh fruits, ice cream, and tasty glazes.I would recommend you try this place. Indeed the price was good too.
3	We love Sushi, so we frequent various local RA and Stingray establishments, regularly.  The RA Ahwatukee location is convenient to us and good for Happy Hour cocktails and food specials.  I find that while the bar staff seems cordial enough, they are not the most outgoing or friendliest we've experienced in other comparable spots.  However, the food here is the absolute standard of what a traditional RA establishment provides - Good.  Our favorite thing to order is the 'Tunacado'...This dish features perfectly seared Ahi Tuna surrounded by delicious slices of avocado & a side of the most amazing creamy Ponzu sauce under the sun!   Enjoy!
5	Great sushi for great prices. Better than sushi eye for sure.
3	Been there with friends before I even liked sushi and I thought it was great. Got hooked real quick. So I decide to get take out. I waited it seemed forever and another gal came in right behind me and took both my order and hers so I ended up waiting even longer. The waitress brought my order and her's and told me they were both on the house. For someone who doesn't eat sushi much found out there are some very good choices besides the basics. I'm glad they handled the mix up with perfection because I was just going to walk out disappointed and probably not come back.
5	Whether it is true or not, eating at Ra reinforces my self-concept that ... I ... am ... COOL.  Naturally, there is a fifteen minute wait.  Cool people have to wait to be cool.  We sat at a table in the bar area and just had our meal there as you can order off the full menu and don't have to wait for your buzzer to go off.  Cool people don't have to wait the full amount of the wait time.  Happy hour lasts till 7 and offers an array of sushi and non-sushi items.  Cool people eat sushi.  I ordered the salmon and spicy shrimp nigiri and the pork gyoza just for me.  My wife ordered some vegetarian items and unfiltered sake for us.  Cool people get it unfiltered.  My items came quickly.  The vegetarian items did not.  When I inquired about this, we received an apology and two of the vegetarian items for free.  How cool is that?  Very!!  All the food was great, and the desserts are especially creative.
3	Food was great as always but it took forever to get it!
2	The food was just OK. The miso super super spicy, like noserunning spicy. Service wasn't great. The table slightly smelled like a dirty cleaning cloth.And the WORST of all they had a DJ with super loud music. AYFKM? Who wants a DJ in a sushi bar/restaurant? It was just annoying.
3	I really only go here during happy hour.  I like the Tsunami Punch, vegetable tempura, calamari, pot stickers, Saki Bombers, California Roll, Tootsie Maki.  It's impossible to have a conversation with someone due to the loud music.
5	Awesome & best sushi place!Our favo is viva las Vegas roll, kaizen saviche in non veg; veg tempura in starter, veg tempura roll in veg-sushi!!! New cherry Bellini rocks too ! We tried sake, pinapple appetizer last time, which was ok, not as great as ones written above. Overall fabulous food, drinks, and amazing service.
3	I give this place a 3.5. I went here a bit ago for reverse happy hour. I had gone to RA on Mill Ave once, a looong time ago. I remember thinking it was good before, but I think it's just cause I was not so widely exposed to sushi and plus, the ambience - being on Mill, with friends, during college, and the beginning of a night out - was what made it fun. So, going to this location was all right. The sushi was decent, nothing too special. I did however enjoy the drinks. They had the ingredients available to make my drink, a Geisha Flower. And surprisingly, other sushi joints don't have some ingredients so that's what made, hence the 3.5 and not just a 3.
3	RA is ok.... I like to go to HH but if u don't get there early, it starts to get real loud. The food is usually great, the crunchy calamari roll is my favorite. I also usually get the Gyoza, Tootsy Maki, & Scallop Dynamite roll.  Prices are decent during HH... Last time I went the booth smelled weird :(
4	Have been here many times and have never had a complaint. The sushi is consistent, the service is decent and they have a great happy hour- great prices on sushi and drinks.
1	Went to dinner tonight and got horrible service, nothing worse than serving you a semi-warm overpriced beer in a warm glass. Food was ok way overpriced.
2	Food is always great! Tootsy Maki is always awesome. The music is always great. But the service... The service could be so much better. I came here with my daugther, sister, and some co-workers. I had surgery that restricted me to a certain type of drink. The waiter said I had to throw my drink away do to health code. I was fine with that so I put my bottle in my purse. I asked for water so I could add my protein powder in the water provided.  I was mid way finished with my drink and instead of her asking could she refill she reached across the table and refilled my protein powdered water with lemon water. WTF? Also the booth we were in smelled funky, like dish water... eeek! I will still come for the Tootsy Makie and Tempura Shrimp but I will make sure I always sit outside.
2	Disappointing! WAY OVER PRICED for less than average sushi. They try to be too fancy with their roll by smothering them in nuts, fruits, and other things! Some of the combos are just gross! For example, my roll was suppose to have fresh tuna on it but it looked like they had mashed the tuna up and molded it like catnip on top of my roll! Then, our seared tuna was completely covered with huge chunks of cracked pepper and sesame seeds...that's all you could even taste! Nothing was impressive. For a $90 tab, I was hoping for at least average!
4	I'm so torn on RA. (I know. I'm a brave person, getting up and going to work everyday and functioning with such a heavy load on my shoulders.)Really though...I feel like I should have outgrown RA by now, but I haven't. I initially went to the Tempe location back in the day when I was 18 and hated sushi (forgive me, I was young and stupid. Mostly stupid) and ate noodles every time I was forced to go there by my ex or my friends. Now I am pretty well-versed on the sushi world and eat it every chance I get.No, RA is not the best sushi restaurant in town. No, it is not the most authentic. But it always draws me back in. The happy hour, the drinks (Umami Punch, you are my liquid soulmate), the special rolls...I can't help myself. ("I wish I knew how to quit you"...)I WANT to hate RA, mostly due to the douchebags it tends to attract, at ANY of the locations (we live in 'Tukee now, so obviously we frequent this location a lot), but I still can't. We went a few weeks ago for happy hour with some friends, and it was busy (of course). No biggie, we sat at the bar and had a drink or two while waiting for our table. They told us 15-30 minutes and we realized it had been longer than that...went up to check on our spot and lo and behold, our buzzy-thingy was not working and they had skipped us on the list and because of this, have missed the happy hour cutoff. NOOO! I needed me some cheap dranks and sushi! We sat down, the waitress talked to the manager about what happened, and the manager came over and talked to us, apologized, and let us know any food we ordered (sadly not alcohol as well, but I understand why not) would still be happy hour pricing. Pretty cool, as some places would have had a pretty "oh well" attitude about it.Overall, RA is like crack, and once you've had it, you'll develop a habit you just can't kick. Pass the soft shell crab roll, please...
4	Great service. Great sushi! Recommend sitting at the sushi bar. Got to try the viva Las Vegas roll! Almost too pretty to eat!
1	Mediocre food and poor service. Went in there today for lunch and the server brought me the wrong drink, and it took him 10 minutes to come back to fix it. He brought me the right order, but nobody offered to refill my drinks or even see how the meal was. Finally, when I asked about dessert, he disappeared for another 10 minutes and told me not to bother because it had freezer burn. I won't be back.
3	The staff is friendly, and the restaurant is super clean. Although the portions are way too small compared to the price. I'm not sure if it's the standard, or the fact that it's in Old Town Scottsdale
3	This is a decent happy hour spot.  I go here occasionally with a group of my girlfriends (ages 20s and 30s) and we reserve one of the big corner booths.  Sushi is good, drinks are excellent.  Bill is usually around $30.  Service is decent.
2	I visit this spot for the Happy Hour.   3-7pm.  The Viva Las Vegas Roll is pretty delicious & fancy if made right.  Sometimes, I've had it look like a disaster during Happy Hour.  Other times, it looks like a work of art.  it depends how busy they are.   But always tastes decent.The music in the restaurant is uncomfortably loud & dark.  On permanent night club setting.  Whenever I see little kids eating here, I question their parents' decisions.Even during Happy hour, their drinks are expensive.  I always go home disappointed by their cocktails... even with the discount... because they're just not good.  Stick with beer.All in all, mehh... if you're really hard up for somewhere to go, it's an experience.
1	I went to lunch here at Ra on Ray 2/18/13 with a co worker. The place was not that busy at all (I can see why) We were not greeted by a server for at least 15 minutes. Then a bus boy walks by and we asked him if we had a server (it was supposed to be Nichole)  Then a manager comes by and sees us looking at our watches and all around for "Nichole" I see a blonde servers back to us a few times (Nichole) never even looks over at us. The manager takes our food order back to the kitchen. Nichole makes an appearance and before I can ask for a drink she swirls away. We ask the server from another area if we can order our beverages from her, so she takes our drink order. Finally my salmon carpaccio comes, luke warm, and the sauce is NOT the correct taste too much wasabi-mayo.... not even close to Mesa or Scottsdales carpaccio... my co worker gets her miso soup and is not even finished when "Nichole" walks up grabs the bowl and says "are you finished?" my friend doesn't like people touching her food while she is still eating... so she tells her to go ahead and take it. It has been 35 minutes now... NO drinks, and the rest of our lunch nowhere to be found.... So we just walked out... LOUSY food LOUSY service or rather "NO" service unbelievable   I was so shocked because I have never had a bad experience at the other Ra's    PS.... the portions were so small they might as well use smaller plates now :(
3	I like Ra, but their specialty drinks have never been very good. The food isn't bad or too expensive, but for some reason I just don't love this place. You can't smoke on the patio (might be some sort of law that isn't their fault), which is a main reason we usually choose sandbar for drinks instead of Ra. We come here for sake once in a while because it is so close to home, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat or have drinks here.
5	My and my girly go here at least once a week for happy hour, and I tell you this...BOMB.COMRa has to have the best happy hour around. Top shelf appetizers and tapas, for 5 to 6 bucks? You can load up on delicious grub for a great price, and we do!The tapas are the best, they are seriously delicious, almost too good.The salmon carpaccio is spicy and and interesting, it's sashimi salmon with a wasabi lemon aioli sauce and a kick. The albacore with onion and ponzu is ridiculously tasty, and so is the garlic citrus yellowtail. My favorite item on the entire menu and probably the most delicious dish in the world is the Seared Tuna.THE SEARED TUNA....The seared tuna at Ra is in my opinion the best damned thing I've ever eaten, it's not even an entree and its the best thing there. Lightly seared tuna with micro-greens and pepper, in a little ocean of wasabi ginger sauce. I don't know what magical ingredients or witchcraft Ra uses to make that sauce, but it is off the chain delicious. You could put this sauce on an old shoe and it would taste good.The calamari and shrimp tempura is delicious and seasoned to perfection, and that's the first time I've been able to say that without laughing. It really is perfect.I'm hungry typing all of this. Happy Hour at Ra, do it and be happy.
5	Great food, the Crunchy Calamari roll is my fav! Other good ones are the Dragon, Viva Las Vegas and Caterpillar rolls!
2	Food is barely average and going down hill fast. Service is not great but they try. But they might think of asking the waitress to shower once in a while. Gross.
2	The service was not good. We had to search out our own soy sauce (the one on our table was empty). Our drinks were left empty for most of the meal. This was despite the fact that we were there on a Saturday afternoon and there were very few other patrons there.We ordered two rolls, an appetizer and a bowl of steamed rice for the baby to snack on. The food was just ok. I would have liked more wasabi, but I never had a chance to ask because our server just didn't come around.I had not been to Ra in years and I would say that the quality has declined. I don't plan on returning.
4	Best place for sushi in Ahwatukee. Who doesn't love Ra? The last time I was there I tried their sauteed pepper appetizer. It was a little oily but was very interesting. Their sushi is amazing!
3	We all know this place is a franchise. I don't want to be one, but it is. That brings it way down in my eyes, but besides that I can't find anything wrong with this place.. in fact the food is good, the place looks good, and their Happy Hour menu is great. If not Happy Hour, this place becomes a fairly standard sushi place, from a price perspective - but on happy hour they have good food for fairly cheap. And anyone that knows my thrifty self knows that I enjoy a good Happy Hour deal. The service was good. The waitress hovered a little too much for my liking, and in despite of this excessive hovering showed a little low attention to detail. Good thing the food quality is good. We tried a little of everything from their Happy Hour Menu and taste-wise it was delicious and enjoyed by everybody in our party. I haven't been to any other RA franchise partner locations, but this one is big and nice. I mean I really was surprised in a pleasant way. I wouldn't call this place intimate - but it still has many redeeming features.
4	If you're looking for tasty sushi in Ahwatukee, it's pretty tough to compete with RA. Yes, it's a franchise, but willing to overlook that.My favorite part about this place is happy hour . . . On the Sushi, that is! But of course, there's drinks. Years ago, it used to be a regular event for my girlfriends and I during the week! There's so many different types of rolls on the happy our menu which makes it difficult to choose. I'm a big fan of their Viva Las Vegas, Tootsy Maki, Spicy Tuna and Rainbow Rolls. You  can't go wrong with any of the Nigiri. I also LOVE their Spicy Miso Soup. If you find yourself sick, get this to-go. Your sinuses will thank you. Drinks? The Blushing Geisha and Samurai Cowboy. Service can be pretty hit or miss, but "miss" so few and far between I'm willing to overlook that. Always look forward to a RA adventure after seeing a movie!
3	Decided I wanted something different for lunch and what that entails for me is basically driving around until I see something that looks good and on this particular day, Ra caught my attention.  Luckily I was getting a late lunch that day so I knew sushi happy hour was going on!The place had a decent crowd for 3:30pm on a weekday afternoon but I guess that's probably all due to happy hour, anyway I was able to be seated at the bar right away.  The bartender came over pretty quickly to see what I wanted to drink (water unfortunately as I had to go back to work afterwards) and let me peruse the menu a little bit.  The selection is pretty good, several different options to choose from that our discounted.  I ordered the spicy tuna which is always a safe bet and a couple different nigiri but I can't remember which ones right now.  Everything was good, your typical chain restaurant sushi but nothing to write home about.
4	I love Ra, everything on their menu is soo good. Went there on 8/10, again, great food. I have to say tho the waiter was a little pushy and or not the greatest, I always wonder if you get service like that when you don't drink. One of the Dinner's encouraged sharing (just like sushi is sharing) so my Fiance and Mom shared a plate (After asking if it was a good amount, assumed) and the plate was real small and not for sharing. Thank god we had some extra sushi and my Fiance had some of that. Out for a family dinner, we don't drink but we got appetizers and a lot of stuff. Usually the service is really great on top of the food but the service was minimal, 4 stars for great food tho.
4	The Awahtukee Ra is fabulous. Avoid the Mill location (unless you're just going to drink).Overall I would order the non-sushi, more Americanized dishes for a great meal experience. The rolls weren't very large or flavorful.BUT, their Happy Hour is fantastic and the plating is aesthetically admirable. One dish I particularly enjoyed were the mussels in this flavorful garlic and leek broth. I ordered extra white rice on the side and make a little soup and was stuffed. Super filling and delectable.Also, their sashimi is nice, which I always find is the mark of fresh fish at a restaurant..Happy and pleased. Keep up the good work guys!
4	I've always been a fan of their happy hour. Can't go wrong with their drink specials! I'm a huge fan of their pork gyoza and edamame. Great for lunch too! Ironic, since I hate all sea food, this is one of my favorite places.
4	Staff always friendly.  Food is good and will always be a customer.  Happy hours are excellent.
5	We went to Ra the other day for lunch, and we could not have been happier. The food was great, including some of the best tuna tataki and mackerel sashimi I've had, and those are two of my favorite things in general. The rest of the food was excellent as well. And the staff was fantastic! We had some special needs for my sister's wheelchair, but the staff was cheerfully accommodating and as friendly as you could ask for. A special thank you to Danielle and Zoe who took care of us and made our outing simply amazing! We'll be back!
4	Cool decor, GREAT HAPPY HOUR. Sushi was fresh and great. Waiter was friendly and efficient. I would go back again. Loved the patio.
3	It's just ok, not bad, not great, but decent and convenient if you are going to the movies. Our server, Katie, was pleasant and attentive. We ordered:Viva Las Vegas Roll - pretty goodGojira Roll - yummyPacific Roll - (I thought it was just ok, but the man really liked it)Spicy Yellowtail - usually my favorite, but there was no "spicy" to it :(Philadelphia Roll - (I usually don't like this one, but it was very tasty)Shrimp Tempura Roll - (I would recommend this one, but the tempura needs...some oomph!)All in all, it was a nice visit and the prices weren't too bad.
4	I should explain I don't like sushi.  I have tried to like sushi.  I dated a guy many years ago who was really into sushi and he would take me to the best Omaha has to offer and show me how to use the chopsticks and mix the wasabi, the whole 9 yards.  I gave it the good ol' college try, and I just can't do it.  My stomach rolls over after a couple of pieces.  Well, I think that, combined with the fact that when he purchased his new 7 Series, I didn't writhe all over it like Tawny Kitaen,  made me less appealing.  Such is life.  Now I'm married to a man who doesn't like sushi either.  What was I saying?Oh yeah!  We had a great lunch at RA between movies.  We each had the shrimp tempura bento box, which came with 4 shrimps, a spring roll, a potsticker, a salad, miso soup, and some fluffy white rice for $8.95.  Everything was delicious.  We also tried their seaweed salad which was nice and fresh.  The service  was great too.We  had a few of their cocktails which if memory serves, were very tasty, but we got a little loaded and then went to see Gravity in 3D, so my memory is a little hazy.   It was one of THOSE afternoons.  I thought the lunch was definitely a great deal and would go back for that anytime.
4	Ra is a tradition for us. When I get to "go home" to the valley there always seems to be a girls' night out. Great service and great food, all the time. Try their coconut creme brulee if you're in the mood for something sweet. You won't be disappointed! Prices are best at happy hour- of course.
5	Very impressed with the service. Most RA locations I've been to have snotty service but here they really are friendly. Sushi was delicious a lot better than my last RA experience at another location. Came in during Sunday happy which I would recommend.
3	Went during happy hour today (Monday). The restaurant was pretty quiet yet when we walked in there was no hostess to be found. We stood there for what seemed like 10 minutes before the hostess finally appeared and what a negative nancy she was! Our server, a young blond guy, was much nicer and very attentive. The food was good we had the tootsy maki roll, and 2 salmon  bento boxes. Bento boxes were a little over priced, it was after 3 so they were no longer on special for $8.75 but instead 11. I recommend the baby umami punch drink during happy hour wouldn't pay full price for it but at 6.75 it's not bad. Could be less ice and more drink though! Overall experience was ok. My bf and I joked that a requirement to work there must be to be bitch-y because wow most these girls sure were! RA do some customer service training with your people and you'll be golden !
2	I have been to Ra many times and it's usually very consistent with a great atmosphere. When I visited this location everything was pretty much okay although the tables could've been a little bit more cleaner, smudging and spreading the food on the table does not really make it cleaner!The food is great as usual BUT the reason why they got the two stars and disturbed me the most was when we left I saw one of the sushi chefs working with no gloves!!!He served sushi, cut veggies, handling the ginger and the food with HIS BARE HANDS!!!Non of the managers/ staff or waitresses didn't say anything or just didn't care!!I still love Ra and will probably go back no question about it but not to this location!!
5	Great lunch. I went here with a friend from work because of a BOGO coupon he had. The lunch was fantastic. I had a rice bowl with raw fish on top with mixed seeweed and mushrooms mixed in. The flavor was just right with enough savory sauce and sticky sweet rice. The fish on top was perfectly cut into cubes and plenty of it. I liked it a lot.
3	Food remains tasty, service was far from satisfactory. Then we had to argue that the most expensive third of my husband's order never showed up. I was done with my meal before he received his first plate. May come again, but forget weekends.
3	I come here a lot because the food is AWESOME but the service is horrible. I don't think I've ever come here without the waitress forgetting at least one part of my order. And the hostesses are somehow never at the front? I don't know. Stick to lunch and weekdays, when the place gets busy it's a real shit show.
3	Went there a couple of weeks ago and was a little disappointed with the service. We went through 4 different servers within a matter of 10 minutes and had to ask 3 times for the little bowls for our soy sauce. We plan to go back, but hope the service is better than it previously was.
2	This place is extremely loud and filled with 18-25 year olds. The waitresses here pretty much ignore you the entire time, and the sushi was unfortunately sub-par. I'll probably hit up another sushi place next time. On the plus side, the decor was nice.
4	One of my favorite happy hour spots.  The happy hour food menu is strong and there are drink options for everyone.  The best deal would be the $7 Sake and large Kirin. The sushi itself, while definitely not the best in town, is decent.  I've never had anything bad or regretful here.  The atmosphere is always enjoyable and if the weather permits the patio is a great group spot (or just for general people watching).  You have a lot of choices in this area so I wouldn't go here every week but I definitely would keep it in my rotation.
4	RA sushi is wonderful. Every waiter/waitress that has ever served me at RA (any of their phoenix metro locations) has been wonderful. They're fantastic at making recommendations on sushi that you might like based on your taste and the drinks there are also great. I have never had anything there that I didn't enjoy. It has a hip and fun atmosphere and it's a great place to go with a group of friends so you can get different flavors of sushi and just split them. The only thing that bothers me sometimes when I'm there is the volume of the music. It could be a little bit quieter just so conversation is easier, but other than that I have no complaints.
4	Amanda was very attentive and made a very warm welcome.. Bar was a bit busy and she held her own and still checked up on me in a timely matter.. I'm starting to like this place for its vibe and customer service.. Food is ok but like the service much more better..
5	RA is the bomb for Happy Hour! So reasonable. Their food is amazing and their presentation fantastic. They have Vegetarian options as well. Only caveat is it is always packed then, so you'll need to go early to get a table or two seats! They also have Reverse Happy Hour 10 pm - Midnight, Mon - Sat :)
4	Best RA location in AZ. Always get great service and great sushi consistently. I can't say that for the Scottsdale locations. Also can't beat the happy hour deals and the specials when you join their loyalty club. One more perk - they are the only place you can find Orion for your sake bomber instead of Kirin, etc.
5	Love this place, sushi has always been delicious, love the Las Vegas roll. Always order some the pineapple cream cheese wontons, they're yummy! Had an awesome waiter on Sunday night, was funny and always had out drinks filled, even when he accidentally dropped our plate he managed to make light of the situation, which is a nice change from Waiters that will usually get mad. Bathrooms were clean, and the music was loud but it was fun music so we didn't mind it at all, overall I love this place:)
3	Pretty decent sushi for when I'm craving some. Love their bara chirashi bowl "most of the time" and garlic edamame. Service is a hit and miss. Sometimes you're just standing around waiting to be seated because nobody is in the front.  The boyfriend and I came in to grab something to eat right after the movies. He ordered the beef teriyaki bowl and I ordered the bara chirashi bowl. I wasn't given a fork so I had to request one. The one that our waitress gave me was dirty. She was looking at the fork and handed it to me anyways like I'm not going to notice it and walked away. Seriously?! She must of been deaf or something because I kept saying excuse me but she ignored me like she couldn't hear me calling her. I had to flag down another waitress to get a new clean one. To say the least I was annoyed. On to the food. The boyfriend said his teriyaki bowl was alright. It was mostly all rice and hardly any meat. He only ate the meat and veggies leaving most of the rice in the bowl. As for my bara chirashi bowl, it wasn't as good as before but it was fulfilling and decent. Well...at least our water is on point every time we come to RA.
3	I've been here once. Couldn't justify coming back. The sushi dishes are rather small and dry and not very fresh. The prices are alright, should be lower for the quality that they are. The atmosphere is crazy loud, definitely not family oriented.
5	The service at RA Sushi is AMAZING!! Great food, super friendly and inviting, especially want to give a shout out waitress Katie & restaurant manager Justus for their awesomeness! Totally recommend this place to anyone, my friends and I always have a great time! Thank you again RA Sushi for the awesome service!
5	My wife wanted try Ra for a while. We had dinner before catching a movie. The server Alicia was prompt, courteous, very knowledgeable about the menu and very friendly. We told her it was our first visit and the manager, James came over to welcome us. The food was great from the pineapple wontons, to the Viva Las Vegas roll. My wife doesn't eat sushi and had the vegetable roll.  Her words...AHMAZING!! We came back for dessert after our movie. Cinnamon Tempura Gelato...yeah...get that. We will be back for another impromptu date night!
2	Asian cuisine franchises... I hate them!  My friend use to work here as one of the sushi chefs so I was obligated to stop on by to wish him a successful career.While our buddy took care of us and served us the most beautiful cuts of fish, everything else here is pretty generic.  By all means, the fish is delicious and fresh but for the price, what are we really getting here?  The portions are on the smaller side considering how much you're paying.  Sure the atmosphere is great and the decor is gorgeous but in the end, you're just really paying to say you went to RA.  Even the servers can be a bit on the snobbish uppidy side.  Take your money and support the small local businesses around town!One positive thing I will say about RA is that I do love the Umami Punch.  Great cocktail to share with a significant other.
3	Ra is a chain sushi restaurant so you know what you are going to get. Not the best, but certainly not the worst. Happy hour is the perfect time to visit. You can get great HH specials both drinks and snacks, but don't expect the freshest or best sushi you have ever had.
2	I came into the restaurant a few days ago and I was served by a girl named Katie. She had long, black hair and she seemed to hate me. Idk what I did to her but she would scream at me whenever I would try and order anything. One time she bent down to pick up a menu and I saw her ENTIRE asscrack! Talk about bad service. The only reason I would ever come back is because of the sweet blonde hostess girl. Mad props to her.
4	Only go for happy hour. You can get 6 rolls for around 30 bucks, which is fantastic. I've been during regular times and found the food way overpriced. If you're looking for tasty Americanized sushi, this is the place. But like I said, only go during happy hour! :)
5	I live right by here and have been going here for many years now. Its great to go for girls night, date night, or just a group of friends. I've never been disappointed by service or food here! Drinks are always on point. If you have enough room for it order the ice cream cinnamon tempura. Thank me later!
1	This place has awful service.  Awful, horrible, terrible service.  Every. Single. Time. We sit at a table or booth it takes 15-45 minutes between plates.  We still go because it's cheap and pretty good when you do get your order. We have found that sitting at the sushi bar  helps in getting your order all together.
1	If you like treaty eateries this place might be for.you, but it was the worst sushi that I have ever eaten short of sushi purschased in grocery stores. The concocktions that they serve are unbelievable and would never be seen in a real sushi bar.I thought I was in a mid town  hip hop joint with the jarring  thump thump coming through the "Muzak"music system.  Our servier was nice and cute but would have been better suited if she worked at Red Robin. My advice if you want trendy it's ok, but if you want real sushi go some where else
4	Having been a server for years and having come from Oklahoma and Texas, I'm normally disappointed by the quality of many restaurants' service. However, I'm currently being served at Ra sushi by Madison -a classy, considerate,  polite, and articulate bartender who has a degree in journalism. Come here and give her a big tip!
4	Love coming here for lunch - the bartender is friendly and attentive, and the tuna tacos are great. The music is too loud and sucks, though. Like, offensively bad. They pump out dance tunes you might hear at the Gap - droning thump + auto tuned girl voices - the kind that make you wish you had been aborted.
2	Loved RA for over 10 years ...went there twice a month with friends and family on Saturday evenings. Excellent music and good food. Corporate recently decided to stop their happy hour on Saturdays. This was always a great incentive to visit!  RA has over 75 restaurants in a 4 mile radius, many with Sat happy hours.  Its a ghost town in the lounge now...I hope Corporate reconsiders!!
3	Service was great. Food was good, but not outstanding. I'll stop for a quick lunch or a drink when I'm close by.
3	This is a regular date night spot for my husby and I. We like to have dinner there then walk over and watch a movie next door. The food is normally very good, safe and tasty and the drinks are great as well. However on our last visit our waitress totally messed up our entire order and brought us items we didn't order and forgot the items we did order. It took forever to get it right and it wasn't even a busy night so not sure what happened. It was a disappointment as this is a fav spot for us, but better luck next time.
5	Great service and amazing food for a chain sushi restaurant! Enjoy the sake bombs and every role has a unique flavor of its own! Go to the ray rd location for a good time and a movie afterwards!
3	They send out great coupons when you join their email club.  $20 on your half birthday and the occasional $10 off $20.  I like being able to sit outside on the patio at this location.  Happy hour specials aren't that great of a deal.  Lychee martini was just okay, though it was strong.  Pineapple wontons I didn't care for.  Avocado roll is okay... just what you would expect.  I really like the vegetable tempura.
4	I do love ra. In all of its corporate glory. That being said this isn't my favorite location...Mesa or Huntington Beach win that battle every time. But the service is always good (once you get sat...we've had some lengthy waits at the door when the hostess was MIA) and the food is always delicious. They have changed the menu since I was last in (not that long ago)...new prices on some things (I'm lookin at you happy hour menu) but it's not enough to turn me away. Love or hate corporate sushi, sometimes you just need a Ra Vegas roll (VIVA!!!)
1	Terrible service! I had a tremendously snotty teenage hostess seat my family and I. From the moment I walked in I could tell she was in a bad mood but that doesn't give her an excuse to throw a fit when I ask to be reseated and throw the menu at me. Later on, her friends came in and she sat them at a better table and was way friendlier. Every time I saw her she had an attitude. Listen sweetie it's easy to pretend to like your job fortunately for me I won't be coming back to see you try.
5	Amazing Service!!!! Rob the Manager is the true definition of a manager and helping every person with their needs and wants!!!!
