4	Yesterday it was raining and their A-framed chalkboard sign stating "opening soon" was still up. I figured they needed a few more days to get themselves sorted, but to my pleasant surprise they were already opened - happily for them and I - on this much sunnier day. I'm not sure if that's good luck in the restaurant business, but let's just say it's lucky! I only had time for a quick take out order, but it was a chance to try a fresh baked bagel. I literally saw them baking though the machine a minute before. I won't give away any big secrets, but they aren't using a wood fired oven. No matter, since the poppy bagel with leek and bacon (more leeky than bacony) spread had a warm center and slight crunch to the outside. The center was a little too soft, but probably needed a minute more to cool, but my mouth wasn't waiting on that.The place is cozy and truly inviting, with it's eclectic mix of wooden and diner style furnishings. I'll be back to try the many full breakfast offerings on the large chalk board menus soon. For now, if you are in the area and want a light bite, snack or full meal stop in a share the warmth.PS The baked beans brewing in the crock pot, had that heavenly scent of a delicious breakfast side, that I can't wait to try. If that smell has anything to do with taste I'll probably be the lucky one.
4	Finally I don't have to haul my ass over to Mile End anymore to buy fresh bagels!I just found this place while walking back home from the library. It already has the hum of a very busy place and it's only been open for a little over a month. I saw breakfast specials posted on the hanging chalkboard, all the furniture is retro-used diner stuff, like the grommeted chairs and formica tables and practically every seat was taken up.I didn't sit down for a proper breakfast or brunch but I plan to soon since the plates I did see people noshing off of looked great. Instead I picked up a half-dozen fresh-and-still-warm sesame bagels on the go. While St.Viateur bagels are a perfect 10 IMHO, I'd give these bagels a very respectable 7.5. They're fresh, warm and found in your own neighbourhood. I'm sold.
5	Love the bagels at this place. No need to head into town for a great bagel or brunch on the weekends. Tip: get the takeout smoked meat bagel for about $6. Chilled place, people, atmosphere and very much like the fact it is independently run.
