4	If you're into nail polish and are totally slutty for it like I am, you will love this place. It houses the kick butt brands I love -- China Glaze, OPI, Essie, etc. It's a little on the ratty side and things are massively disorganized.Located around the corner from Lee Lee's, you can park right in front of the store and not have to worry about fighting past the bad drivers in the Lee Lee's parking lot -- again, as I've said before, so many Asian drivers in one spot = bad. My peeps at their finest!Keep an eye out on the prices when you're checking out -- they might over charge you by a dollar on the nail polish that claim to only be $1.50. You can also get a jug of lotion for $15 -- I kid you not! The last time I was there, I purchased 10 bottles of the current OPI Fall Collection Colors (their France line) and a big bottle of some mango lotion for $40.I love nail polish and this place is the bomb.They've also got nail supply things galore -- files, block files, etc. If you don't like paying to get your nails done, you can certainly try to purchase things from here to give it a go. It won't break your wallet, that's for sure!It's not a wheelchair friendly place, btw. The aisles are extremely narrow and they tried to pack so many things into a very small retail space. I wouldn't even recommend it for people who are on crutches or on a walker, either -- the rows are extremely narrow and 2 people can't pass each other in them...but OMG! The nail polish!  lolThey only take cash, debit, visa or mastercard -- no amex or discover. boo...hiss!
3	$4 OPI!  Read Carina's review, b/c I didn't want to pay $8.50 at Ulta... geez, so cheap... alot of the OPI colors already have separated (heat?  age?) so make your choice for price over quality... I'm so cool for $4 though.On the same end where China Magic Noodle is, same plaza as Lee Lee's.
4	This is my go-to for all my nail polishing needs. Their prices change a tad every so often but still a great deal considering the usual price of nail polish. It is disorganized and if you're coming here to find a specific nail polish, then you might have a hard time, I usually go here looking for a certain color and am always able to find one that I like. They carry all the famous brands: China Glaze, Essie, OPI, Orly. They also carry one of my favorite lesser-known brands, Misa! You are guaranteed to be a gorgeous-nailed frugalista if you shop here.
4	Small store, very crowded with product and looks a bit disorganized, but for nail polish lovers this is heaven. They had OPI, Orly, Essie, gel polishes & my favorite China Glaze. I bought 8 bottles for $2.25 each! It was a little hard to find specific colors right away, but I didn't ask for help - the man working there could have been able to help me but I'm kind of an independent shopper.  As someone else said, some of the colors look like they have separated, but all eight bottles that I bought are still good and I think for the price you can definitely work with what you get.I can't wait to go back and browse more!PS- I didn't realize this place is located on Warner, next to the Magic Noodle place. If you turn into the shopping center off of Dobson, you will run into another nail supply store in the same shopping center that appears to be out of business. I almost left disappointed, but drove around the shopping center more and found the right place.
4	Lots of nail polish selection. They have some older collections for OPI, China Glaze, and Color Club and had plenty of stock on current collections. The prices are very good for brand names, and they have discounts if you're a beautician. They sell a variety of other beauty products as well, like false lashes, but are mainly a nail product supply. Like the place and I'll definitely head back when I need more nail polish!
5	$4 for OPI?! Are you kidding me?! LOVE IT.I got 2 OPIs, 2 Orlys, a China Glaze, 3 art polishes, and a decoration tool for $31.00. Awesome.The store is *packed* w/ product. It's kind of like a consignment store in that if you have the time and diligence to search, you can find some really great stuff. A+
5	Awesome place!!! a nail junkies version of heaven!!! a few of the major brands like Orly, OPI, Essie, China Glaze,...and one I found I really liked..Misa!! although, they were getting rid of those and they were only a dollar. TONS of Gel colors, and glitter galore!! prices are unbeatable!! Orly goes for 4$ a bottle, even the new colors and collections. It is a chaotic and unorganized, but who cares!!! Owners are very friendly and helpful in telling you where to find what you want......I found my new bliss!!!
3	I feel like there is something illegal about this place.  But...it was a feeling I had that I pushed away and ignored while I stocked up on super cheap Essie polishes, some lotions, and tools.TONS of products have no pricing, which made it really frustrating to shop, having to ask at least 15 times "how much is this" and wait for the floor employee to track down the guy at the register to get the info.  To reach some of the tools I was told to climb over a bunch of boxes and to "not fall".As others have mentioned some products are definitely old, so you have to be cautious with your item selection, but everything I purchased except for one polish (at $3.75...so whatever) has been good.  I'll be back, but probably not for awhile.
5	They've re-organized the store and now it's much more organized and less cluttered.  They carry Seche products (although they are a bit pricey), and they either started carrying them rather recently or I'm able to find them now that the store is cleaner.  Price-sheets are posted.  My latest purchase was 2 China Glaze Crackle Polishes and a China Glaze set with 2 holiday glitter polishes and a shot glass--2 of the funnest things combined into one!  $10 wee!!It is still a little difficult to find a specific color you are wanting, but they are arranged by collection usually.  Was hunting for some Color Club Holos but sadly could not find them :(Currently prices (from memory)OPI: $4 and upChina Glaze: $3-$5.  Crackle is $3.50, BOGO free.  They also have sets.Orly: $5 and up
5	Much more organized than the last time I was there, and I noticed more price systems vs having to ask. The even had the new Color Club halo hues I have been hunting for!!! They had 5 of the 6 colors and they were the highest priced polished in the store at 6.50 a pop!! Still MUCH cheaper that the 11$ everywhere else. No striping tape!!! Although the owner did say he had ordered it before and it didn't sell well...... I just went down the street and got some...:)) yay candy cane nails!!!
5	I don't write reviews often, but there are times it is totally called for, and this in one of them!  I went to Hollywood Beauty Supply because it came highly recommended.  I had little to no experience in doing my own acrylic nails.  I went in with a list a mile long of things I needed, or so I thought.  The man that helped me not only was extremely helpful, but also did NOT over sell me.  He told me to start small, and make sure I could do it, and then invest in more options as I became more comfortable in doing my own nails.  The customer service was amazing, organized fairly well, and they sell the higher end products, which is what I was after.  They are a perfect fit for anyone starting out or there to get in grab what you need and get out.
3	Love going here for nail supplies! They have everything for a good price but A LOT of their items don't have a price on them. It's vert irritating having to ask how much a majority of the items are.
3	Finally stopped in here to see what it is all about. I knew from previous reviews that I have read that they had a lot of nail supplies but I figured with a name like Hollywood BEAUTY Supply they would have more. I was wrong. Well, with the exception of some over priced hair treatments and fake eyelashes. Everything else is all nail supplies. I am assuming that they supply local nail salons. Lots of professional looking equipment and product. As far as my 1st impression, the store is VERY dirty. I'm talking like the floor hasn't seen a mop or a broom in years! The shelves are dusty and so is most of the products on them. The displays are haphazardly put together and some of them I was afraid would fall if I bumped them. Now the good stuff. The nail polish!!!!! I have an addiction. I love, love, love nail polish. I do my own nails at home and I really do prefer some of the pricier brands. I was in awe when I saw that Essie Polish is only $3.75 a bottle!!! They have all the name brands and then some. I got some great Taylor Morgan Polish for $5! That is a steal! With so many brands, colors and their great prices I will shop here again. But it's not my favorite place and I am only going to be a returning customer because I am a cheap ass and need a way to keep my habit going. If this place provided any services I would run out the door screaming! I hope they clean this place up soon.
1	Stopped by today to get a few things for work and it's no longer there..... I'm not sure on if it moved or went outta business. I hope it just moved.
