5	Dr. Mitch is extremely personable and professional when address your health and treatment. The facility has an amazingly friendly staff and Candice's massages are the best I've had! How can you not check them out when they are currently offering free x-ray, consult & massage? Your body will be grateful, trust me!
5	Dr. Mitch is a very warm, caring and professional Chiropractor. His office is very welcoming and the staff is eager to help you at all times.  I have had the best care and treatments from Dr. Mitch and his staff.  Going to his clinic is always a very positive experience.  I am always looking forward to my next visit.  Dr. Mitch is the best!!!!
5	Dr Mitch and his team have literally changed my life. I have lived with back pain for years and after two pregnancies in three years it was to the point of being unbearable. I have been going to him for a few months and feel amazing. No more migraines, back pain, hip pain and they have even helped me with my weightloss! his staff is beyond supportive and going to see them is truly enjoyable. I have also gotten my husband to become a regular, which is hard to do but he likes Dr Mitch and his team so much its not much of a fight!
5	I have been going to see Dr. Healey for almost two years.  He, and his staff, are terrific and the office is run very efficiently with little waiting for treatment.  The massages by Candice are fantastic.
5	I want to express my gratitude to Dr. Mitch and his staff. I went in with extreme neck pain. I've had this issue in the past and the other chiropractors I went to just didn't help.  I will recommend Dr. Mitch and his wonderful staff to everyone I know.  Thank you so much!
5	Dr. Mitch and his staff are the BEST!!! I always leave there feeling a million bucks!!! They will go out of there way to not only get you in when you need but make sure you leave feeling better!!!! Check them out!
5	I have been going to Dr. Mitch and his crew for several months now. As a person who works out, runs, and rides mountain bikes, I'm continually dealing with some bumps and bruises especially in my back area. Pain Stop is unlike any other chiropractor I've been too. They attack it from several different directions. Whether it be the traditional adjustments, waterjet therapy, muscle massage therapy, homeopathic injections and much more, their coordinated effort has greatly improved my quality of life. I honestly don't know how I went this long without seeking their help. Dr. Mitch and his crew are completely professional, friendly, and go way out of their way to make sure that I feel better.
2	Knowlegable but very pushy and sales-y. He did more talking than listening to me about what my problems are. Was also turned off by the HcG diet advertisement they had outside their door.
5	I started going to Dr. Mitch over 5 years ago for severe hip / knee pain as well as horrible menstrual cramping. The staff are always welcoming and extremely accommodating every time I walk in the door. I consider them..family. I am a weekly patient continuing my journey and know that they are there to             1st, listen to my needs, and 2nd give me the best options for treatment. I have never felt pushed into doing anything I did not want to do. Dr. Mitch has changed my life. My body has done a complete turn around and I am extremely thankful to his entire team. I have only the best to say about Pain Stop Clinic and Dr. Mitch. I would recommend his services any day of the week, 365 days a year. I hope my review helps you and you give him a try.
