4	This place was a lot of fun!  Ideally, the drinks would be cheaper, there'd be more seating, and the menu would be more diverse.  BUT the games are fun, the staff are super knowledgable about their game library (ask for a suggestion!  really, they have good recommendations!), and they accommodate when they can.  Our party started as three, grew to four, then to six, then to eight... all at a four top.  And the moment there was a larger table available, they let us know.It does get busy, so plan ahead.  It seems like reservations are possible, so that's probably a good idea as it was packed for most of the time we were there (about 20h00 to 0h30 on a Saturday night).  Another plus: they were great about dividing the bill, and they made it super easy, even for a group that varied like ours did.I plan to go back and bring friends.  You should definitely check it out!
5	With over 1,000 different games to choose from, your time at Randolph will be anything but boring! Their staff is friendly, welcoming and - super important - knowledgeable about every game in the place! If you don't know what to play, they'll gladly give you some suggestions, will take the time to sit down with you and explain the rules, and will answer any questions you may have throughout. The drink prices are average and their menu is also getting better. Since they opened last fall, they've already added on a number of nibble items and are now equipped with a full bar. Make sure to try one of their freshly baked cookies; they're sinfully delicious!!!  Oh. And here's a tip for the social/group game lovers: every Wednesday evening is their big Loup Garou game (werewolf). Starts at 7pm and is played on the top floor. Just keep in mind that most players will be francophone. But seriously, don't be intimidated. It's an absolute blast!
5	This place is amazing. I spent about 4 hours here on my last day in Montreal. The worst thing about it is that it's not in NYC :(Everyone that works here is super friendly, especially the guy whose job it is to basically recommend, and guide you with the board games. There's a ton to choose from - from the more casual to the super nerdy, the 30 minute game to a 2+ hour marathon. Fortunately, they also have a pretty good beer selection, and some food (think sandwiches, nachos, etc). Great place to go with a small group or a friend. Thank you Cafe Randolph for providing an option outside of the bar scene. PS. There was a $5 cover when we went, very well worth it.
5	This is a gem of a place.Arrived a little hesitantly on a Friday night, expecting it to be all filled up after reading other reviews. Got seated immediately by a friendly server, and got suggested a fun and new (to us) board game that was very appropriate for the evening. The drinks are reasonably priced and most of the beer on tap is local. Don't mind paying the 5 dollar cover, since it seems to pay for the (extremely) well informed game masters who set up and explained the rules of the games for us. Will come back for sure.
5	Big Fan! Go here - obviously (based on the average rating) everyone loves this place and I have no excuse for waiting so long before checking it out. The staff are awesome and who doesn't love someone spending time figuring out what type of game meets your needs and explaining to you how to play. Beers all around coupled with cups of candy - we need more of this!
5	Probably my favorite place to hang out. Board games, more board games, and some more. Fun night every time I go.
5	Stumbled across this board game bar as part of a trip to Montreal. Would definitely recommend it! Staff are very friendly - the board game master knows what he's talking about! Wide variety of games - munchkin, settlers, to less known ones. Good prices on beers, nibbles. Be aware that you do pay per game to play!
4	A friend suggested the place and I was a bit sceptical: what to expect? Would we have to join other groups? As it turns out, the staff is rather soft-spoken and patient. They are very open to you coming in and asking for a specific game! The waitress is a tad pushy on the drinks, there's a great selection of them, but all over $8. The nibbles look delicious, next time I'll be in, I'll make sure to try the giant cookies and home-made hummus! Yum! Don't be scared though, once you pay the $5 cover, you can play however much and however long you want. You can change the game you're playing..it's all very flexible.The only minuses I can see would be that the space is cramped and fairly loud. Regardless, I'll be back!
5	Great place to spend a rainy afternoon. Try to show up with a group of 2 or 4 because 5 people at a table can be a little awkward. There's not a ton of space in there. There are people who work there who know all the rules of the games so if you have a question, you can just raise your hand and they'll come over. They also keep the drinks flowing which is great! They have every game you could ever imagine. If I'm in Montreal again, I'll definitely go back!
5	Great place! Impressive number and variety of games,  friendly and helpful staff. Loved it!
5	So much fun. Absolutely wish we had a place like this where I live.I was a little worried going to this place with just two people. However, my girlfriend and I love games, so we figured it was worth a shot. Without a doubt we saw the large groups and thought of what a fun time it would be with some of our friends. However, the "Game Masters" were able to help us select games that would suit our needs. In this case: two people, less than 1 hour, and strategy focused. We listed some of our favorite games and the "Game Masters" helped us make a selection. We were both so impressed by their advanced knowledge of the hundreds of games in the collection, all of which we had access to for $5 a person. There was also a selection of snacks and alcohol. We didn't have snacks, and the alcohol is nothing to write home about, however, for a casual setting, the snacks were just what they needed to be. This is a low cost way to have a very fun night-out as a group or just a couple. The staff is friendly, accommodating to English-speakers, and overall super aware of the game collection.
5	OMG, THIS PLACE IS THE BEST EVER!!!Board games and drinks. They have over 1000+ unique games to choose from that are sure to fit anyone's taste and style. Even as a board game collector and enthusiast, I'm blown away by their collections! You don't need to know how to play to come here. The waiters are extremely knowledgeable and they can suggest games that suit the group. They would teach you how to play the games and even play a few rounds with you if necessary. Oh, and make sure to try out their Irish Hot Chocolate!There's a $5 cover fee per person but there's no limit to how long you stay or how many games you play. Apparently if you come after 8pm on Friday or Saturday nights, there'll be a line outside. If there was a store like this where I'm from, I would come here every weekend!
