3	The Waverley has never really been on my radar. That is, until the poetry geeks I know around Edinburgh decided to put on a, wait for it, poetry pub quiz session at the Waverley. Wow, it sometimes hurts to admit to the kind of people I like in this city. But yes, they organised a poetry pub quiz at the Waverley, and somehow, it worked. And no-one left broken-armed or black-eyed. Surprisingly. Them poet-types are sensitive souls, I hear, and sensitive souls get bullied by beer bellies, I hear. This may all be a gross assumption.The atmosphere in this pub is ok. I was going to apply for a job here, once upon a time, but then get majorly put off by rumours about the staff being, to put it mildly, politically incorrect. I mean, I didn't sense that at all when I was there, but I don't want to put myself in the position where I'm exposed to it. So, sadly, I've never been back.
4	I threw an event here-- just an evening workshop-- and I found the staff to be superfriendly, the soul to be in significant evidence, and any sort of BNP or political anything to be nonexistent. But, then, I don't live in Edinburgh, so I don't know what the reputation is.If you come by during the day or early evening, you'll be greeted by the owner, who'll be pressed and dressed up most days. He may be a little hard of hearing and he may have forgotten that he'd let you the upstairs. That's all right though. As long as it's not going to get rowdy.Upstairs is papered over with comedy fliers and dodgy wiring. You can imagine that this place looked the same (including some of the same dust!) in 1964. This pub is brilliant. You'll get a decent pint. The regulars are local, hones people out for a quiet-ish drink. And it's awesome. And it's about 12 seconds' walk from the Royal Mile. I'ts grand.
4	Relaxed atmosphere.  Great place to talk with friends or with the friendly staff.  No TVs so you could chill out and read too.  I had a very nice experience here.
5	I have fallen head over heels in love with this bar in the last 2 days. Yes, that is all it takes to fall in love with this very traditional bar just off the Royal Mile.I popped in here with my fiancee on my way back from Scran Salon 3 at Hemma and decided that I wanted a beer before we went home and this is where we ended up and I thank my legs for carrying me this way home as I'd had never known it was there.Inside the decor is how a pub should like, red carpets, old mirrors that are stunning and the feel that you get when you walk through the door is "I'm home" which is an incredibly strange thing to say seeing as at this moment in time I have only been twice. I'll explain why.On Monday, in such a rush to get the bus, I had left my bag with work stuff and some books in and didn't notice until I was off the bus and at the other side of Edinburgh, so I phoned the bar and they had already put it behind the bar and were looking after it for me. 2 of the gents that I got talking to had noticed the bag sitting there and had brought it to the attention of the bartender.On going to get my bag on Tuesday, I sat with a pint and noticed the 2 gents from the night before, not only did they say hello and give me a little nod to show that they recognised me, they invited me over in to their group and started chatting to me as if they had known me forever.An absolute gem of a pub that sometimes hosts folk singers during the festival (usually always free which is very generous in this current market) and as well as having my respect as an independently owned pub in the middle of the Royak Mile, it has my heart too. It might be at the other side of town from me but I have found a pub I could comfortably call my local.Beautiful bar that holds exactly what you need, a few different pints and bottles and the spirits selection is what you need and misses out the other 100 brands of spirits that other bars stock and never seem to touch. On top of this I feel that the drinks are very reasonably priced.This isn't a showy bar and the customers aren't either. Like the bar, the customers are happy, friendly and somewhat warming to the soul and an absolute pleasure to be around.
