5	owner was very helpful and friendly. support local business!!
5	Postal Max on FLW is the true neighborhood place - always seeing people I know.  Mike, the owner, runs a great ship and I've used the store for years now.  If you're looking for that one-stop postal service biz where you're actually known by name, give this Postal Max a try.
5	Got my fingerprints done here for my IVP card and will come back to do all my shipping, since Mike (the owner) made it simple, easy, and even fun. He is very knowledgeable and friendly....Great Place of Business :)
5	This location is excellent! Staff is very helpful. The owner is very wonderful to work with. My favorite part is that they send you an email alerting you that your package has arrived. Also have a great supply of birthday cards!
1	i called them and they wanted to charge $30 for fingerprints!!!!!  What a joke.  I found a place on the other side of the air park who did it for $10.  Caveat Emptor!  If if could give them a zero rating, I would have.On the other side of the airpark off of Greenway-Hayden loop is Global Pi Security.  $10 for prints. Their address is 7807 East Greenway road, suite 9, Scottsdale, Az.  globalpi-security (dot) com.  Good luck.
1	Do not use this place! The owner who seems to be the only employee is a nightmare. He's rude, unwilling to help, and can't communicate effectively for the life of him. I went here on a Friday around noon to send certified tax documents. The owner was very confusing in the way he described the different options to send a letter certified. I opted for the $7 option to be able to track my letter everytime it's scanned into a location a swell as when it is received. When taking my info so I could get e mail updates he spelled my name wrong. I politely informed him it was not the right e mail and he became irritated and asked me again. Lo and behold when I got back to work and looked at my receipt he never fixed my e mail address. I called him to ask if he could update it and he cut me off and replied "You don't need it, your package has been picked up!". Then on Monday afternoon, when my tracking number wasn't on the usps website I called him to ask if I was doing something wrong because my receipt had 2 different tracking numbers. He was rude again and said it probably hadn't been scanned in. This seemed off as I had been told on Friday it had already left and was on its way. So I asked why it hadn't been scanned if it had left over 24 business hours before and he starts rambling on about how "the letter goes to Van Buren or maybe the Phx office or maybe Scottsdale...and then it well go to it's destination".  Yeah, I already know that. That wasn't my question. He then became irritated with me and says rudely and almost shouting "Well, that isn't the service you paid for".  I told him that that was the expectation that was communicated to me by himself to which he became flustered and get this...starts shouting "You're killing me! You're killing me!". I became so upset I wanted to get off the phone so I replied with "OK, well thank you" and he hung up on me! No goodbye or anything. This is the 2nd time I have been here where this fellow is working there and have received very poor service. Look to the other review with 1 star for any further clarification as to why you should NOT go here.
1	I have been dealing with this PostalMax for about 3 years now. I only use them for shipping because of their convenience to the work I do for one of my clients in the shopping center. I have always found the owner somewhat cold and borderline rude but being easy going myself, I just let it slide. I never sweat the small stuff.But yesterday, Mike, the owner, crossed the line. I just had a very expensive, time sensitive shipment that was brought over for FedEx pickup. When I drop off my shipments, they are boxed, labeled and ready for the FedEx driver to scan and pickup. As always, when I drop off, as a courtesy to the PostalMax staff, I acknowledge that I am leaving the parcel. Today, Mike got very upset when I did the drop off.   When I could not get tracking from FedEx by the following morning, I returned to PostalMax. There sat my time critical shipment right where I left it the night before. Per our conversation, Mike told me that he told the Fedex driver not to take the box. Furthermore, he told me that he was not going to tender the parcel to Fedex until I returned. Fortunately, I did return in the morning and removed the parcel and shipped it at a FedEx Kinko's. Because of the spiteful and irresponsible actions of this PostalMax, my time sensitive shipment is going to arrive late.I do not recommend this facility to anyone looking for a shipping
1	I have been dealing with this PostalMax for about 3 years now. I only use them for shipping because of their convenience to the work I do for one of my clients in the shopping center. I have always found the owner somewhat cold and borderline rude but being easy going myself, I just let it slide. I never sweat the small stuff.But yesterday, Mike, the owner, crossed the line. I just had a very expensive, time sensitive shipment that was brought over for FedEx pickup. When I drop off my shipments, they are boxed, labeled and ready for the FedEx driver to scan and pickup. As always, when I drop off, as a courtesy to the PostalMax staff, I acknowledge that I am leaving the parcel. Today, Mike got very upset when I did the drop off.   When I could not get tracking from FedEx by the following morning, I returned to PostalMax. There sat my time critical shipment right where I left it the night before. Per our conversation, Mike told me that he told the Fedex driver not to take the box. Furthermore, he told me that he was not going to tender the parcel to Fedex until I returned. Fortunately, I did return in the morning and removed the parcel and shipped it at a FedEx Kinko's. Because of the spiteful and irresponsible actions of this PostalMax, my time sensitive shipment is going to arrive late.I do not recommend this facility to anyone looking for a shipping.
5	Milestone: 12 years in the same mailbox! Consistently great service. The staff is well trained and courteous. Most every time I stop in, somebody is getting fingerprinted.
1	The guy is rude!  If I didn't have to do one time business with him, I would of walked out.
5	I have been coming here for years. Very helpful and convenient. All of my packages are always sitting out for me when I walk in. My biggest compliment however is the help they give to my pregnant wife and child. They bring everything out to her in the car when they see her pull up so she doesn't have to unload everything. Kudos to Mike and the gang at Postal Max.
1	I went to Postalmax for their passport photo services. I called prior to going in for my passport photo, and was warned by the store owner to never get a passport photo done at a Walgreens, Costo, SAMS etc... due to the fact that "they were not a  professional " as he claimed to be. He said  I should come here to Postalmax to get the photo taken because if I went elsewhere I would be risking the chance that my passport photo would not be accepted. His fees for the photo were $20  (higher than everywhere else). Because I did not want to risk the photo being unacceptable by the state, I went to Postalmax. I took my photo to the Post Office in Fountain Hills along with all of my appropriate documentation.  The postal worker, with whom you are required to make an appointment with just to get your passport mailed in, informed me that my passport photo taken by PostalMax was not acceptable. We had to re-take the photo  and I had to pay an additional $15. I called Postalmax and told him of his unacceptable passport photo and asked for a refund.  After a lengthy conversation, he would only refund $11.79. To me this is poor business. I should have received a full $20 refund. If his photography skills are that of a professional, which he claimed, then the passport photo should have been a decent photo, accepted by the State, However it was not.  His dimly lit back room of the postalmax store, where he takes the passport photos, should have been a red flag that he was not a professional!!! I trusted his age for experience! Don't waste your time or money with this guy! You are better off going to Walgreens Costco SAMS or the Post office!! Cheaper and Professional!!!
5	I've been doing business with PostalMax for 4 years now. The two guys who work there, Michael (I think he's the owner?), and Danny, have been terrific. I sell a lot of stuff on ebay, and I'm always concerned about packing things properly, getting the correct postage, tracking info, etc. These guys have been a blessing. Whether I'm dropping off a box that's already wrapped and labeled, or a bunch of stuff that needs to be packaged up, weighed, and labeled, they are always helpful, trustworthy and professional. I leave the store with peace of mind, knowing if my package doesn't arrive, it's not going to be because of them. Also, as my business has grown, I realize how important it is to have a good relationship with a conveniently located mail store. I've had many good conversations with both Michael and Danny about business and they are always fascinating conversations. These guys are BOTH very smart and they do run a tight ship! (I think that's a pun intended...)I am so glad they are a part of the neighborhood, about a two blocks away. We all benefit from having businesses with responsible owners and employees like this nearby. Time is money. I can't imagine having to stand in line at the post office dealing with angry people just to try and save a few cents. Get to know Michael and Danny. You will be glad you did.
5	Been a customer of PostalMax for 6+ years. They are friendly, professional and very helpful.  I use them for everything.  They are very careful when packing and shipping and have NEVER had anything arrive as anything but perfect.  I highly recommend using PostalMax for all your mail and shipping needs.
2	The guy was pretty standoff-ish and talked to me like I was stupid. I know what I'm doing, I've applied for a passport before. He took my picture for my passport and while they were printing, he ran my card, $20 for pictures. TWENTY. and when he handed them too me, they were faded and poor quality. I'm probably going to have to get more taken. I was so mad I just left. A waste of $20. I should have done my research before hand, Costco does them for FIVE DOLLARS and you get FOUR copies!
1	I went to mail a package today and was told that if I didn't give my address, phone number and email address to put into their system they would not mail my package.  I mail through UPS and the general post office all the time and have never been told that I need to give my personal information to be logged into a system I order to mail something.  The owner "claimed" that he would need to contact me if there was a problem with the package (yet my package had a return address label that should ensure that if there were a problem that it would be  mailed back to me) but when I told him that I would provide an email address and that is all he said that would not suffice.  I asked why he needed all of my personal information and if he was planning to sell it to a third party or add me to their mailing list (b/c I don't want any more junk mail, telemarketer phone calls, etc.) and he did not answer my question.  He said rather, "Take Your Business Elsewhere," if you can't give me your personal information.  I was appalled!  I promptly went across the street to UPS who mailed my package without any of my information for their system with no problem-- MAILERS BEWARE!  Do not go to this place!  Would not recommend at all!  And, the lady whom was "trying" to put my information into the system could not spell... I had to literally spell my name out three times before she understood and its a common name!
5	Great place. Never have had an issue with mailing anything from here. Prices are cheaper than the competition. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who needs to mail anything.
5	I have been a customer for about 5 years now. I recently took my passport picture and the service form Michael, the owner was great.  He took my picture, until I was happy with it.  I also have a post office box there, and the price can't be beat. Always great to come in and chat with the Postal Max crew. This is a true mom and pop store, and I like to support local business. Service can't be beat.
5	I recenetly left my keys in Phoenix, and I live in Dallas, TX. I called and spoke with Mike, the owner, and he was able to over night my keys for an affodable price. Gave me the best possible service with tracking.  I also stopped in the store to take a passport photo, and he took care of me.  Thanks Mike, see you soon.
5	I've been doing business with PostalMax for a number of years now as I live nearby and have had nothing but positive experiences with the PostalMax staff.  Always friendly, helpful, and fast!  The rest of my family uses Postal Max also for their shipping needs, I would highly recommend!
5	I have been coming to Postal Max for quite some time and have always had such a good experience! The owner and staff is always so friendly and I feel welcome each time I visit. My packages have always arrived on time, and I like having the email notifications sent to me, very helpful! I would definitely recommend this place as they are efficient and always so great to do business with!
3	The service was fast & easy, I just had to call ahead of time to make an appointment. I just thought the price could have been better; $35 for an IVP fingerprint card seemed like a lot, but it's a niche market. Overall I would recommend it.
5	Convenient and easy place for shipping, fingerprinting and mailing services. It acts as a physical address if you rent a mailbox. Last, if you're lucky Killer the Yorkie may be holding down the fort.
5	fast efficient service very impressed with Terry and Michael definitely will return for any shipping or fingerprint. highly recommend
4	Very nice gentleman working there - Service is great, employee finishes the package for you, seals it, put the labels and everything. They can compare rate for most major carriers, so you don't have to, it is a little bit more expensive than going to the post office but you save so much time it is worth it.You usually don't have to wait, and they are parking spot at the door. I would not go anywhere else.
5	These guys will get it done!!! pack it, ship it, shredd it, Personal service is redefined here no better placeto get it done...
3	I've only utilized the UPS drop off here, and nothing else.  Twice I've dropped off stuff, and twice I've gotten my refund, so I think Postalmax of Scottsdale is a-OK!
1	Thanks for hanging up on me! I asked if it would cost extra for a square envelope and got hung up on.
