5	We have a new puppy...  Chocolate lab.  So far he's had Parvo, giardia, worms, and probably stuff we don't even know!  He is very healthy now.  VCA was very accommodating, saw us quickly, and even helped us out a few times without charging (quick consults).  We highly recommend VCA
5	Dr. Resek is the best vet. I have been to!  She has such a nice demeanor, and gave my little dog a very thorough exam.  My neighbor recommended her and I'm so happy she did!  I highly recommend Dr. Resek.  She works part-time at VCA Fox Chapel.
5	Just moved to Pburgh and took one of my cats there for a vaccine update and check-up.  The free first check-up for new clients was nice. The vet was also very friendly and gentle with my cat.  She seemed very thorough.  The front desk was also competent and friendly.
3	I'll be honest, I'm a cheap bastard.  Only reason I took the pup here was because he was due for shots and I had a coupon for the free doctor visit fee.  When I called to set up an appointment for my little man I had asked about pricing and payment.  The price I was quoted was much lower than what I actually got charged while there.  Payment is due when you check out.  You can tell the vets and techs are animal lovers, receptionists not so much.  The receptionists were more interested in the stool sample I had than the three month old puppy having a hyper fit.  If it is your first time visiting they do give you a nice little starter kit for your animal.  But that was not of a saving grace for me to return.
5	I still take my dog to Dr. Resek at VCA Fox Chapel.  She is wonderful.  So thorough and knowledgeable.  She is very polite, friendly and kind.  I highly, highly recommend.
4	They take great care of our pets here. We rarely have much of a wait, and all of the staff are courteous and talented in handling and caring for pets. All of the vets we have met with were professional, friendly, and very capable.
1	They charged me $512 for a single visit with 2 rabbits WITHOUT ANY HEADS-UP - and they most definitely did NOT provide $512 worth of services. I was sick to my stomach when I left. VCA Fox Chapel is a rip off and they provide a disservice to animals and pet owners. After seeing the breakdown of the bill, I could't believe how much they charged. The one rabbit is (per statement vet) not going to get better. Yet, he still drew blood and several yelled codes to the techs. He also drew blood from the other bunny and yelled similar codes to the back. Turns out each of these "codes" he yelled back was a blood test for which they charged about $60 a piece. The one bunny also got 2 injections: 0.3 ml of PenG was $41.72 (mind the fact that I have this bottle of PenG at home because the vet put the other bunny on this medication weeks ago, so he should/ could have remembered that and just let me give the injection at home if that's what they charge for this! And the whole 100 ml bottle was about $8 at the store) and 0.1 ml (yes, a tiny tiny amount) of Metacam for $43.34. The base consultation is $77 for a bunny. The office manager later told me that I should have just asked about costs during the visit (and kindly offered to put a note on my file that I am a customer who would like to be informed about costs (of course, there will be no next time)). When I explained that I feel that the vet has a responsibility to keep a pet owner posted when he is about to rack up a hefty bill with a bunch of tests, she said that the vet just wanted to be thorough. I think that the vet or the vet tech knew exactly what kind of charges they were incurring and I am so mad and disappointed that they abused the situation. When the check-out lady saw how flabbergasted I was, she asked if I told the vet I had money trouble. Money trouble? Because I'm not prepared to pay $512 for a single visit? All I can do at this point is warn other people not to go to the Fox Chapel VCA...
5	Dr. Uhl is the best cat doctor on the planet!  She listens to my concerns, returns telephone calls, and explains everything in detail.  I love her!
1	I will never again visit the VCA Fox Chapel, and I caution against you doing so as well.  I took my extremely ill, very old cat there two days ago and we were dismissed out of hand.  No tests were run by Dr. Resek and we were sent out the door with a diagnosis of general food poisoning.  This morning, my cat's condition was visibly worse - she has not eaten in four days - and I called them for counsel.  After 2 five-minute long periods of holding, I was again dismissed by the office staff and told that the recommendation of the doctor was to continue feeding her bland food.  MY CAT IS NOT EATING.  They were also kind enough to offer me the option of coming in at an elevated "emergency rate."  Thanks, but no.  I instead took her to another provider who was thoughtful, thorough and who diagnosed her with acute kidney failure.My question to the folks at VCA Fox Chapel is this: if you do not care about sick animals, why are you in the veterinary profession? I will be posing this question to them directly.In the meantime, I advise you, Reader, if you do care about your animal to NOT TAKE IT TO VCA.  They are, in my opinion, directly responsible for the unnecessarily prolonged suffering of my dearest friend - an elderly sweetheart who at this stage in her life deserves far, far better.(And I would like to point out that I granted them one star because Yelp made me.)
5	Truly, the kindest, most gentle vets I have ever met! We recently moved to Pittsburgh, and one of my cats was dealing with an ongoing sickness. We went to VCA Fox Chapel, and I was pleasantly surprised by how kind, caring, and gentle the doctors were. We worked with Dr. Miggins and Dr. Resek. In the end, we ended up having to put our cat to sleep. Even then, Dr. Resek was amazingly patient and kind, and gave us the time and space we needed. Yes, they are expensive. But you are getting great care and more than that, you can rest assured that they truly have your pets' best interest in mind.
