4	I adore Ephesus.  Super under-rated.  It's a pizza place with a Turkish background so in addition to making some pretty decent pizza, they serve traditional turkish/middle- eastern fare like kefta, falafel, baba, hummus- and its really good!Their Adana Koeffte platter is to die for.  And I just tried a new item yesterday called a "pide" (pe-day)- its a "turkish pizza" (shaped kinda like a football with a thinner, different "crust") topped with ground spiced meat, diced tomato, spinach, cheeses- I lost my mind, it was amazing.  I am going back later this week to get another.  maybe two!Oh, and they deliver!  to half the city!  I don't even have to leave my house!
4	OK, I tried this place primarily because I was trapped at a hotel and didn't have much option other than takeout.  Excellent food and speedy delivery though, better value for your money than the tourist traps down at Station Square.  Really enjoyed the Spinach and Feta pizza and the fettucine w/ meatballs.  Definitely underrated.
4	Difficult to find...take the elevator up to the M level.  No decor inside...feels like an old cafeteria, and the location sucks, but the food is really good...it would do amazingly well in a better location.I went for a workday lunch; very good menu and my friend raved about their Turkish pizza.  I'd recommend ordering online/ordering before you go, or else you might wait a little while.  I got their grilled chicken salad and the chicken they had on it was some of the best I've had downtown.
4	This place's food is great--I would suggest delivery though. They specialize in Turkish Pizzas (Pide) and wow they are good.  When you walk into a place it looks like some cafeteria/game room that survived a tornado.  The walls are cracking, the only two florescent lights on the ceiling are flickering, there are display coolers that are turned off, and there are only vending machines to get drinks. You can see into an expansive kitchen (I really think the place is a converted cafeteria) and it looked horridly disorganized and in shambles.  That's fine though, I had heard good things about itI got their Mediterranean Pizza (Tomatoes, Black Olives, Artichokes) and wow did it impress me. They either did one of two things: used a garlic glaze for the dough, which I am suspicious of because the crust didn't taste oily, or they have some kind of garlic butter in their dough. Either way, its fantastic. The whole thing was thick and fluffy with a perfect balance of fresh tomato sauce and cheese.  I loved it.  The reason it gets four stars instead of five is that it just seemed to lack that "holy shit" factor that pushes things over the top. I think if their upped their quality of ingredients it would push it to five stars, but their clientele base seems fairly small, so hipsters, get in on the bottom floor of this fad. Definitely order delivery from them because the mezzanine level place is hard to get to and you have to get buzzed into the building.
4	Some people from work ordered food from here tonight. All I got was a piece of walnut baklava, but MAN. It was to die for delicious. And when I got a whiff of everyone else's food, I wished I had ordered some too because it smelled REALLY good. Next time I'll try the pizza.
5	Great gyro wrap for under $5!  Fresh, fast, and healthy!However,  if you're going past 10PM at night, make sure you have your cell phone with you so you can call them.  (It was a late night snack for us...)We walked around for 20 minutes in downtown Pittsburgh (I know, we were brave), and up the block, down the block, we couldn't find this place!  We decided to go back to our hotel at Station Square. In a brilliant moment, I then pulled out my Yelp app on my phone and looked up their number.Our conversation went a little like this,Me: "Um, yeah, are you open right now?"Guy: "Yes."Me: "Um, how do I get in?"Guy: "There isn't a guy down there?"Me: "No."Guy: "Guy with a T-shirt?"Me" "No."Guy: "Are you down there right now?"Me: "Um, yes..." (not really, I was a block away)Guy: "Ok, he's going to come down now and let you in."Me.....hauling tail to get back to catch the guy in T-shirtWeird, I know, but thought I'd save you the "scary" stroll in downtown Pittsburgh looking lost.  Trust me, you don't want to get lost down there.It is a really cool place. Tourists or students alike, TRY IT OUT!They're open late!
5	I order food for delivery at my hotel. I got the chicken carbonara.  It came with salad and toast it was the BOMB. It was delivered piping hot and it was a lot of food I ordered he individual size and its enough for two people.  I also got slice of strawberry cheesecake.
4	The other reviews are spot on about the ambiance.  It's very frat house chic, with lots of crappy fourth hand furniture, flickering fluorescent lights and turkish news playing on the the big screen TV (WTF?) It is a bitch to find, especially at night, so pack your gps.  Once you find the building, you have to punch in the code ( It was 0002 when I went) for the door to get into the lobby at least at night.  Once you're in the lobby, you have to go to the elevator and hit "M"  for mezzanine level.  There was no sign telling us to do that and the elevator wouldn't let us select any other floor without a security badge, so it took us a little while to figure out.  Once we stepped off the elevator, my friend was having serious second thoughts about the place because of the sketchy vibe, but I'm glad we stayed because the food was REALLY REALLY good.  I got a meat lovers pizza that was absolutely piled with pepperoni, sausage, ham,  and bacon.  It was really tasty.  My friend got the Lamb Shish Kabob which had some sort of magical spices on it.  It was like a circus in your mouth.  It also came with some kind of flat bread with sesame seeds which was really good.  The location (second floor, over the river and through the woods)  and the atmosphere absolutely suck, but the food definitely didn't disappoint. I knocked off 1 star for sketchiness, but the place redeemed itself when our order came out.  If this place found a  little nicer location on street level, it would own.
4	I travel to Pittsburgh for work, so I feel like I have tried most of the restaurants in the city. I hadn't tried this place yet and was in the mood for pizza. I ordered the Mediterranean pizza and it was a little greasy but all in all pretty delicious. I would recommend.
5	First of all, this is some of the BEST pizza in the burgh. It is certainly my favorite. Their sandwiches and other options are also very good, and be sure to try the Pide, turkish pizza. The first few times I had the pizza, we had ordered it to our office, so I hadn't been to the space. At one point, my co-workers and I tried to go to the shop, and were confused / not aware that is was on the second floor, and the elevators were not working, or something. It's kinda frustrating because we just never made it to the place, and I missed out on this delicious pizza for an entire year after that. But when I finally made it to the place, it reminded me of a college dorm rec room that happened to sell pizza. Random furniture, a large tv playing soccer with foreign commentators, complete with a ping pong table and vending machines. The staff is friendly and service is quick, but not too quick. It is pretty clear that they make everything to order. And it's all delicious.
3	In the mood for pizza and salad so decided to try Ephesus Pizza.  I was given a menu from the hotel.  First the plus - large menu with unique items (Gyro meat on a pizza). Now the important stuff:  Lots of choices for their pizzas.  Their crust has medium thickness.  The taste:  OK but nothing great.  The salad was OK.  Delivery service was very quick.  Will not be a repeat customer.
5	Great Steak Deluxe Sub. Pizza was good.They delivered to my hotel at 11:30pmHighly recommended at least for late night hotel delivery
4	Crazy good sesame bread, they make it fresh everyday. Lamb kebabs were very good,  came with bread, salad, French fries. We also got hummus, very fresh, and a pide. The place is such a complete dive that my husband wanted to turn around and leave,  but it is worth it. If I lived in Pitts, I'd eat that bread all the time.They deliver, too, and are super friendly.
5	Love this place its open late and the food is amazing, its literally a hidden gem its on the second floor of a business building. Came here at about 12:30 on a Tuesday night and it seemed like it was the only place open for food, while the decor was very kick back, like dorm kick back and you have to take a side door to go up and make a right passed the random shopping cart, the food was super serious. We ordered their special, 3 topping large pizza, wings and a 2 liter of soda for around $22.00, we didn't want the soda so they threw in extra wings, very cool.  It was going to take 15 minutes so we headed to Tavern 245 for a beer, then the bartender suggested we have the food delivered there so we called Ephesus and they did free of charge. The pizza was amazing.... it was so good, we ordered peperoni, sausage and mushrooms, which the pizza had plenty of all 3, I suggest you the sausage they have crumbled pieces all over the pizza.  The wings were also on point, very crispy and we got it with a side of spicy BBQ, so good, definitely found my late not spot in Pittsburgh.
3	This place is hard to find.Either go into the elevator and press M for mezzanine and the counter will be on your left with Cashier sign above it.OR enter the unmarked door on the right hand side of the revolving door go up the steps through the crappy corridor and you'll eventually run into it.Yes, it looks like you shouldn't even be there.  If you think you are in the wrong place, then you've likely found it.The decor has been accurately described by others as broken down dorm public area.With all this being said, the feta & ricotta pizza I had was delicious and cheap. $6.50 for a personal sized pizza. It was chock loaded with cheese and bacon and spinach. Very good. Food was great, decor and ambiance, horrible.I'd advise just getting delivery.
4	Hard to find location, and zero atmosphere (there are old car tires in the place, along with an aging ping pong table) but the pizza is why you came and it does not disappoint. Recommend for a dive pizza meal.
5	This is the best pizza crust in Pittsburgh - and yes, I remember when Vincent's Pizza Park was king.I don't know what else to say - I usually rank dough third after cheese and sauce - but this is literally the first time in my entire life that I'd rather eat the crust than anything else.I haven't ordered the Turkish stuff yet, but I assume it's amazing - the Traditional pies are to die for. The crust is best compared to Indian naan - buttery and fluffy, just enough yeastiness and salt, crunchy with a hint of oil and toasted cheese on the outside, and puffy with fluff on the inside.  This crust is clearly made by hand by a bread ninja.Although you can order 'em, I'm  NOT reviewing an "ethnic" pizza - this is a genuine real-deal American pie.  100% best crust in the city, hands down.*VERY* highly recommended.
2	I only gave this place 2 stars because of the environment that it is in.  A "hard to find place" is an understatement if it's dark outside and you have never been here.   I have to agree, the crust of the pizza is amazingly flakey and delicious.  I'm a crusty guy, so I like good crust and though it's up there with a soft boboli it's still easy to eat and won't rough up your mouth.  I ordered the Ephesus Pizza with lamb skewers ($16.00 large).  It is a white pizza with minimal ingredients except for the lamb skewers.  They packed on 8-9 small skewers of lamb and I have to admit, the lamb was very tasty and tender.  The problem I have with this place is the filthy, trash laden environment it sits in.  It's on the mezzanine level (2nd floor) of a some financial building and when I got there, the exterior doors to the building were locked and luckily a group of people showed up and punched in the code to get one of the side doors opened...it was strange.  However, when you walk in that side door, I was faced with the stairwell with trash cans spewed about.  when I entered the pizza/sandwich joint, it was in disarray, bread was in crates on the floor and trash cans were overflowing.  The bathroom was in a construction zone and filthy.  All of this added up to being afraid to eat anything because you were unsure as to how fresh the food was and how well kept the kitchen may or may not have been.  I'm not a fluffy guy, but I need some fluff in my establishments...look clean, feel clean, feel safe and I can live with whatever you dish out, but when first impressions are nasty and dirty, it hits homeplate way before the food hits my mouth.   I still like the pizza and I will only send my pot smoking, beer drinking partying friends to this place, because I would be afraid of what others may think of it and consequently, think of me and my tastes.
4	So I'm at my friend's place on the North Side and we wanted pizza, and it's like midnight or so, and Ephesus was one of very few places delivering at the time. So we gave it a go even though we weren't sure what "Turkish Pizza" was. I ordered the traditional Turkish pizza aka the Pide because why not.When it came, the shape was a little...umm...odd. I'm not even going to venture into what one of my friends said it looked like because then you might be grossed out, and you shouldn't be grossed out, because the pizza was really good! I'm a pizza traditionalist, but this wasn't even really pizza. It was just some doughy bread with cheese, spinach, and eggs on it. But it tasted delicious, so who cares what they want to call it? And the side salad that it came with was delicious as well!Everyone was kind of mad that it wasn't really a pizza, but me and friend-who-lives-on-North Side both liked it more than a pizza at that moment in time and agreed we'd definitely order again!
5	Traditional pizza is awesome. Delivery is very fast as well. They always tell me 40 minutes and then arrive in 15-20.
2	Pretty okay pizza.  Standard so-so Pittsburgh pizza.  However , the fact that the delivery driver expected me to run from my second floor apartment out to the middle of the street to get it was not okay.  He was rude when I asked him to come up, talking about how he has other deliveries to make and he couldn't park (meanwhile, there were multiple open parking spaces directly in front of the apartment; as well as an entire parking lot right next door). After arguing with me for a few minutes, he finally decided to park and come up. I really don't want to have to argue with someone to get them to do their job when I order delivery. And I certainly don't want to have to leave my house, to go out in the cold, for what is supposed to be delivery.   Is it so strange to expect food delivery to make it to my actual doorstep?  This seems to be a recent trend, pizza delivery people expecting the customer to run out into the street to get their pizza.  It stopped me from ordering from another place, and it will stop me from ordering from Ephesus again.
5	The Moroccan Spiced Chicken and Dry Plum pizza is an exotic treat! I also liked their cinnamon sticks to death! Very good. I can't believe they delivered to us all the way from downtown in such short time. Awesome pizza joint.
2	90 minutes for two cold pizzas.....sorry at this point even a two star review is generous.While in town with friends, we wanted an easy meal after running the half marathon earlier in the day.  Consulting Yelp, I saw that this place had good reviews, they delivered and since we were less than a mile from them, we figured we'd have the food fairly fast (there were two hungry toddlers and five hungry adults, and we needed food, stat!)Upon calling, we first asked if they delivered to hotels just to be sure.  If they didn't, that would be fine we'd call someplace else.  So we ordered our two pizzas and gave them the name and address of the hotel. It is a newish hotel, so I told my buddy to tell them "It's right by the Consol Energy Center, where the Penguins play".  I figured that even if they didn't know the hotel or the address, most people in Pittsburgh would know where the Penguins play.  We were concerned when we had to say the name of the hotel four times and as it turned out, we were right to be concerned.After an hour with no pizzas, we call and they guy says "Oh, the delivery guy is on your street right now.  Should be 2 minutes".  20 minutes later the delivery guy calls and says he's on his way.  We ask if he knows where he's going and he says yes.  10 minutes later he calls again and asks where we are.  When we finally got the pizza, it was not hot.  The cheese had congealed everywhere and it looked like it had been cut by a toddler.  There were so big slices, some little slices...just not the usual uniform slices.I felt bad for the guy because he said his GPS had been stolen that morning, but we tried everything to make sure that the place new we were at the hotel right beside the arena and it still failed.  Better luck next time.
5	So being new to pittsburgh i have been disapointed with a lot of the delivery food and just food options in general. Took a chance on this place last night and im happy to say i will be a repeat customer until the food and service isnt the same. I really hope the rest of the menu is as good as the pizza. We ordered the steak ranchero pizza and OH MY LAWD.. .delicious probably the best pizza i have had in a long time. The delivery guy was super nice and called when he got to my place i met him at the door, he joked around we laughed and he even closed my door for me, gentleman. I would recommend this place to my friends.
5	Ephesus is special.  Fast friendly service.  Surprisingly comfy and stylish seating and lighting for a primarily take out shop.  A broad, customizable menu with a solid mix of Italian and Greek deliciousness.  Low prices, massive portions, and better prepared, home made, flavorful food than they have any right to offer at the prices they charge.  Ephesus is not a 5 star culinary experience, but for the casual fare and reasonable rates they offer, I can't imagine a better choice.  Well done Ephesus, you set the bar for all other local delivery spots to try to live up to!
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome!  I have walked by this place for years when it was in its old location which was a bit hidden.  Now, it is out in full glory on 4th Ave near PPG Place.  I had the chorizo and manchego pizza for one.  The amount of veggies - cooked to perfection - on top was astounding.  Mounds of onions and peppers, sauteed but with a bit of crunch still. The chorizo was spicy and chewy.  A bit hard to eat honestly, I would have cut it into smaller pieces.  It also had tiny morsels of kalamata olives, capers, fresh parsley and delicious and not common manchego cheese.  The crust was awesome - crunchy yet chewy.  The sauce was awesome.  All was good.
5	My husband and I just moved here from the NYC area and we've been looking for a good pizza place. After trying a few different sub-par Pittsburgh pizzerias, we decided to try Ephesus last Friday night. We ordered one large spinach and feta pizza and one Italian calzone, via delivery. Even though it was prime-time on a Friday night, our pizza was delivered in 40 minutes and both things we ordered were DELICIOUS. The crust on the pizza was perfectly chewy and crusty, and the toppings were perfect. I think we've found our new pizza place!
5	When you are there order the Ephesus Pizza. It is their signature pizza, cant go wrong. Has many recipes on it; vegetables, chicken or pork shish kabobs(yes,heard me right, shish kabobs on a pizza), honestly one of the best pizzas I have ever eaten.
5	This is the best pizza I have found in Pittsburgh so far. It makes me sad that it has taken me four years of tasting quite mediocre pizza before finding this gem. So far my favorite is the steak pizza, however, it is all delicious.
4	Great range of foods. Everyone loved what they had. I had the pide (pe-day) with egg and cheese. It was pure comfort food and larger than I expected, but really tasty and definitely hit the spot. I was with a crowd of friends. One of whom ordered the lamb kebab and everyone raved about it (not a meat eater, so taking their word for it). Their babaganoush was excellent. Serving sizes are generous, but ambience leaves a bit to be desired. If possible, consider take out.
5	Outstanding pizza!  As good as any I have ever had.  Perfect crust, plentiful and delicious toppings. We ate in, so it was hot. Not much ambience, but clean.
3	Nice place. The staff is niceDefinitely mom and pop shop. The pizza was good and the prices were a little high. I happened to try their pide because I've never had it, and let's say it was not pleasing to the American pallet. It was too spicy and no cheese! If you like plain pizza stay away from the pide. Their commercials are always on TV. If your looking for a good pizza place try milanos.
4	1- These guys are the best pizza I have found so far.  Unique, fresh, yummy and their sauce is pretty darn good.  I love white pizzas too.2- Delivery can be a hit or miss: To 15222 it is great!  To 15203 it is iffy.
5	Delicious pizza delivery! They are quick, friendly, reasonable price, and delicious. I usually get a cheese pizza, but it's so good. It doesn't even need toppings. And the ranch dipping sauce is delightful! Highly recommend their delivery!
5	Never had anything from here that wasn't amazing, used to get it weekly until I moved away, reasonable prices and fast delivery if there is any complaints about the food they are liars!
1	Too oily , i felt like im eating pure fat , even the bread is covered with oil ! I suggest they make it healthier with more whole wheat option, grape leaves are very dry and tasteless. Oh and their fries are terrible
4	First the bad...the amount of oil and butter used in the making of this order would make Paula Deen proud...yet.....The food was delicious!! I ordered a small cheese pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and extra cheese...it was enough to feed 3.. Just have wet naps available...and I ordered 6 breaded wings with garlic sauce...there were at least 2 sticks of butter remaining in the container after the wings were gone..and yes, they were devoured!! So good!!! Delivery was pretty quick as well...
1	Came here on a Sunday, it was slow and we got our food in good time.Ordered two personal size pizzas, spicy fries, fried zucchini & onion rings. The pizzas were actually really good but the other sides weren't worth it. Tastes plain & over cooked. Ok so the reason why I'm giving this place 1 star is because I saw soooo many health code violations! * A RedBull can on the pizza dressing table.* The woman who charged me was working on a pizza and didn't even wash her hands after she charged me! She just went right back to working on making the pizza! * The same woman who charged me -NOT kidding ...her nails were long & yellow, mind you she wasn't wearing any gloves while putting that pizza together. YUCK!! * Same chick went out for a cigarette break (in the front of the place) and when she was coming back in she brought AND blew the smoke inside the restaurant. Price range in Yelp language is $$I definitely won't go back because if that's what I was able to witness in the front of the place, I don't want to imagine what's going on in the back!!! I don't think I'm being harsh. That was one too many violations in my opinion.
4	Incredible pizza. Dirty, rude, disgusting employees. I think that's actually their slogan.
4	OMG amazing pizza! I had the Lamb Kebob small and am blown away!  I can't believe I hadn't bound this hidden treasure sooner!
4	Literally some of the best pizza that I've had in the 4.5 years that I have been in Pittsburgh. I've eaten here a couple of times and I have not had a bad experience yet. The pizzas are delicious, the gyros are wonderful, the falafel is yummy, and their simple cheese burgers and fries are touched by magic! The food is a bit pricier than the average college pizza shop, but I think it's worth it. I've never been inside the actual establishment, but I have had some issues with delivery....sometimes it seems like they pick and choose whether or not they want to deliver to certain locations around 15203. I understand that they have other locations in Bellevue and Aspinwall, but I haven't been to either.
5	This place is fanfreakingtastic.  Thusly, I have had their Chicken Ranchero Pizza and their Greek Pizza, and their cheesy breadsticks, and good. gravy.  I can't even put into words how good the pies were.  The toppings were all super fresh, the meat expertly seasoned, the sauces to die for.  Their list of gourmet pies is mindblowing; their variety and inventiveness is spectacular.  I was skeptical about feta and fontina on my pizza.  Mea culpa.  I don't know if I'll ever go back to just run of the mill plain pies ever again.I've had my orders delivered all three times I've ordered from the place since moving there, and while they're a bit slow, it's worth the wait.
5	This is the best place (IMO) that delivers to Troy Hill.  Please allow an hour at least for delivery.  It is worth it.In the past I've had the regular pizzas (sausage, pepperoni, etc) from there.  Always delicious.  Today I decided to try some of their other selections:Moroccan Spiced Chicken and Dry Plum Pizza (SOO GOOD)Pide with Pastirma (WONDERFUL)Beets (I had a craving.  Really really good!)Delivery was only 5 minutes past the GrubHub estimate.  Driver polite and friendly as has always been my experience with them.I'm usually stingy with the stars, but as it is so hard to find good food delivered to Troy Hill (not counting using Meals Delivered), I'm going for it.  Five stars!
5	Just moved to downtown Pittsburgh from NYC and this is the best delivery pizza I've come across so far. Prices are great and menu is really diverse, too! Definitely recommend
