2	Beware of hidden fees with this gym!!  Nice facility but be aware that they will spontaneously charge your account for 'gym upgrades'.  If you call to find out what that includes, they will as most gyms do, refer you to fine print in your contract allowing them to do this at will.I thought gym upgrades were paid for by....... ummm.... membership dues.
3	This is one of the largest gold's that I have been to. I cant account for how much membership fees are since my membership is grandfathered from like 5 years ago. I have also just found out that this golds is not a corporate location which sucks for someone like that that travels alot. So because of that, i have to sign in everytime i come here and am limited to how often i can come here. However, I have been to many different golds in different cities so i can compare quality of the gym itself. I am the type to do hardcore cardio, free weights, as well as take advantage of the classes they offer. The treadmills are fairly new and most of them have individual tv screens attached to it as well as ipod/USB/3.5mm ports to connect to them. The free weight room have an abundance of weights, though I do wish they have more benchs (I think they only have 5 or 6). The thing I wasnt used to is they use towels for cleaning the machines as to other golds usually use paper towels. i guess this is more environmentally friendly and I just need to get use to it. i havent attended a class yet but when i do, i will update!
4	I love this place. Just need more early and late hours the Saturdays and Sundays. Maybe until 10:00 p.m. I work all week and I will like take a relax time during the weekends in the night.  The customer services is very good.  The better hours is after 9:00 a.m. until 3:00 p.m. is very easy make any routine.  Divervity place. Maybe will can put a community billboard. Very good place.
4	Great gym, nice staff, good trainers, I tried a yoga class, instructor was awesome.  The salt water pool is great.  Always clean.  Need more weekend hours and a heavy bag.  My wife loves the cardio cinema.
2	In fairness, first, the good: facilities are decent with a reasonable selection of aerobic machines and a good selection of free weights.  Disappointingly small number of machines to work legs and core, though.  Hip machines (hip flexion, extension, abduction and adduction) in particular are essentially absent other than your basic leg press or sled.  Generally clean.  Gets quite busy during peak hours, especially the free weight area, and particularly in the winter.  Classes are solid, but nothing special.So why two stars?  **Lousy customer service**.  It's very hard to shake the feeling that the whole company views its patrons as nothing more than walking credit cards waiting to be swiped.  Broken machinery is fixed relatively slowly.  Many personnel are nice, but enough are snarky or inattentive to give the place a bad vibe.  Fee for towels.  Fee for tanning.  Fee for everything, really.  And the coup de grace was the cancellation process.  They require it to be done in person, which is a separate trip and a huge waste of time unless you remember to do it at an earlier visit.  Then you'll discover that they require 30 days written notice for cancellation and automatically renew your membership, thus charging you for at least an extra month at the end of your subscription.  Sure, it was fine print in the contract, but does Gold's really expect you to remember that after a year, or two?  Of course not.  They count on it!  It would be easy for them to send an automated reminder along with all of the spam e-mail they start sending you from day one, but that would warn you that they plan to continue leeching your credit card for as long as possible.  A quick internet search shows that this is not an isolated incident; shady financial practices seem to be the byword with Gold's.So in summary, the facility is not bad, as long as you don't mind having to be constantly on your guard against a company that tries to upcharge you at every turn.  Every business has a bottom line, but few have as mercenary a feel as Gold's.  I strongly advise you to explore other options.  Maybe if they lose enough business, they'll learn the value of treating their patrons with basic respect.
5	I was walking on the treadmill, cooling down after my workout and I went to check in at the gym on Yelp....the first few reviews that came up were all negative and i was shocked that my gym had such a low star rating....So I am now compelled to write a review and really put things in perspective for you if you are thinking twice about joining after reading those bad reviews...#1. You are at a gym not the Rtiz Spa....So there isn't' someone waiting on your hand and foot every second. If you need something done there are always people at the front desk, trainers in their "area", and the manager's door is always open. All of the employees greet/acknowledge you verbally, with a smile, or a wave whether they are busy or not. That's pretty great customer service to me...#2. You are paying for a GYM membership...not a SPA membership...so yes they will charge for extra amenities like tanning, towels, smoothies, kids club, etc. There is no reason that I should pay a huge monthly fee for services that i don't plan on using...so splitting up the cost so that people like me that go to a gym to actually use the GYM aspect of it don't' have to pay for the "extras". That being said, if you want to use other stuff than the GYM then pay up! I have been a member of several gyms--mostly Gold's (going on 3 years now!) but also Sport and Health and Fitness First (those are two fairly large chain gyms but not sure if they are only on the East Coast) and they all have similar policies...you pay for the amenities that you want to use.#3. I have been a member for this gym specifically for 2 months and I go there 6 times a week. I have never EVER seen an "out of order" sign at any machine. #4. The gym is always kept in immaculate condition. I am always seeing one or two people cleaning something every time i go! #5. A gym is still a business...if you need to move or just want to stop going you need to give them notice....just like at your apartment or any other place that you pay a monthly subscription fee. That's just the way it is...#6. Yes the gym gets crowded at peak hours....that's why they are called peak hours...grocery stores also get crowded on the weekend...does that mean that they are horrible places and deserve a lower rating? Not in my opinion.Anyways....The trainers here are very knowledgeable as they have helped me out in the past with a few things--I've seen them work with a whole range of people from athletes to people who are trying to loose a lot of weight. I've only seen a few of them in action (Robert and Mike) but they are there all the time and so friendly :)
5	I wholeheartedly agree with Pearl S.I have been a member since before the gym opened - they recruited me by a very low monthly rate and as long as I referred a friend (even without commitment) my rate was guaranteed. That has been the case since. Yes, there is an additional fee ($30) to your monthly membership, which is assessed once a year for gym upgrades. I would not call it "hidden", as it is clearly disclosed at the time of signing your contract.It is very easy to forget about it, however, as it is assessed 12 months later without an advance notice. Because the fee comes out ACH, if a min balance in a checking account is not maintained, it can cause trouble. I used to use the gym facility and really liked the variety of machines. The "ladies only " area is great for women who don't want the distraction/intimidation of men training around them.For the last 3 years, I switched my gym attendance to the group classes and absolutely LOVE them! The classes are included in your membership and follow the Les Mills format. Les Mills is one of the best international fitness programs, originating in New Zealand. The classes are renewed every three months with new choreography, music and instructor education. ALL OF THE INSTRUCTORS of the group classes are great, fun, caring and inspiring!!!!!In addition to the Les Mills classes (Body Pump, Body Flow, Body Step, Body Attack, Body Combat, CX Works, I might be forgetting something), the gym offers FREE Yoga, Pilates, Zumba and Indo Row classes. Oh, forgot to mention cycling and swimming as well.There is also a huge "Cinema" workout room, which I've never used but know people who love it!Taking Body Flow or Yoga in the Body, Mind, Spirit studio, followed by a soak in  the whirlpool or Sauna really transforms one's mind (and body) and allows you to carry through the daily challenges with an ease.To me, going to Gold's on the weekend is similar to going to church for those who are devoted. The people who attend the same classes have built a community of caring and life-lasting friendships.There are, of course, flaws, which can be improved. I have to say that there have been a couple of instances of disappointment. There was a "family swim time", which my kids loved that was discontinued. Also, my kids are not too fond of the "kids area" but I've managed to work around it by hiring a baby-sitter and paying her the same amount I would have had to pay at Gold's for using the kid's room. The gym is open to suggestions and accommodating in most instances. After all, you have to put things on a scale and see which side is heavier and by how much.In conclusion, I would say, after trying several other gyms, I will not think twice if I had to select a new gym again!
4	The Gold's Gym in Fitchburg served me well for a good two years. I was sad to leave it when I moved to Baltimore. This location was newly built within the past 5 years. The equipment still seems pretty new. There's a pool, sauna, cinema room, and day care in additional the weights and cardio rooms and equipment. The basketball court is kind of small, but they just renovated it to have hardwood floors. At least they have one. Not all gyms in the area do.There's always promotions going on, and depending on when you sign up you could be in for a good deal. I remember when I first signed up, I got two months free. Then the next year, they ran a deal where if you get people to sign up under you, they add $20 to the total cost and split it among those people. For example, if I was paying $40 and I get two people to sign up under me, everyone gets to pay $26.67.
4	I have been a member since it's opening and have always been pleased with the facilities, the classes, and the availability of equipment.  Sure, at times, the place is crowded (especially the new year resolution people that show up for the first 2 months of each year), but never had a problem finding a free piece of equipment.  The only negative I have is I would like to see them refresh their equipment more often.  With the $30 annual maintenance fee, I think they could be doing more.
3	I like Gold's. They've got fun classes, an abundance of machines and equipment to use, and the facilities in general are really great. I used to work until 11:00 or midnight, and then I'd go to Gold's afterward. The hours they keep Monday-Friday are so convenient. I don't have any complaints, except for the staff's knowledge about how the contracts work. When signing up for the membership, I was told that I couldn't cancel my membership unless I was willing to pay $150 or some such. When I went in to sign a form saying I didn't want to renew my membership, I asked about it and the person who helped me told me I could have canceled at any time, with a 30-day notice or something like that. That was kind of confusing. All in all, their problems are internal and don't have anything to do with the facilities themselves.P.S. Every time I went into the "women's gym", Food Network was on both TVs and I couldn't reach the buttons to change the channel. WHY
5	I Love Gold's! It is my home away from home. I have been a member for about 3 years. The gym is always clean and the group classes are outstanding! My teens are always welcome in the classes which is a real plus for our family. The staff is always friendly and helpful. There are only 2 negatives I can think of. Sometimes the desk staff are not as well informed as they should be. The parking lot can get crazy full, so be sure you give yourself time to get parking.
5	I've been a member at this gym for a year now and absolutely love it. It is extremely clean and filled with the latest equipment. There is always someone cleaning the floors, bathrooms, and equipment when I am there - thank you! The staff from the front desk to the kids club are extremely helpful and friendly. The juice bar has delicious drinks and I love that I can make my own protein smoothies after my workout. The kids club is where it's at people. Having children and having them enjoy going to the gym with me is priceless. My daughter absolutely loves all the gals who work in there and so do I. I appreciate that they are friendly and fun. On certain Fridays in the morning they even have a sweet lady come in and sing songs with the kids - how awesome is that?! Thank you for taking such great care of my little one while I get some much needed time to work up a sweat!Almost forgot - the cardio cinema - WIN! They have a big room filled with various cardio equipment and every day they play a new video on repeat. Great way to get a long session of cardio in.
5	Gold's Gym is amazing!!! I joined two years ago and was very out of shape.  I had a trainer for 1.5 years until I got engaged and had to may for a wedding! Personal trainer is the best thing I've ever spent my money on! Gold's is also super clean and the staff are so friendly! My favorite classes are spin, Indo-row, and boot camp.  I usually do weights by myself but I know a lot of people love body pump.  Body Flow on Sunday mornings is the equivalent to church for me! Love this place so much, I moved downtown and still trek to Fitchburg for Gold's!
5	I have been a member at Gold's for 3 weeks now and I couldn't be happier. The place is HUGE, they have tons of equipment, and lot of amenities. Like a Cardio Cinema! Talk about awesome! It's like a movie theatre with Cardio equipment. Leave the headphones at home! Each locker room has a private Sauna. Separate Showers for everyone! Forget about community showers! Protein Shake Bar is kind of cool. This place seems to have it all! Best part is it will only set you back 30 bucks a month!
5	I truly love golds. Clean facility , friendly staff, and my favorite part : the cardio cinema ! Not to mention the wonderful personal trainers, namely Jamie. She is always friendly and motivating. I've learned so many great work outs that I can easily replicate at home. The prices are reasonable as well.
5	Excellent gym. Joined for a month-long membership while I was in town. Some really great, energetic teachers for the group classes. Try Matt's combo/attack mashup on Wednesdays -- he is so fun!
5	As an athlete on frequent business travel I'm always searching for the right gym to get workouts in when on the road. After trying a few places in/around Madison I discovered Gold's. The staff was incredibly accommodating and happily provided a day pass and towel option so I could get my workout in. Highly Recommend!
5	I been at this gym since they opened up. I lost 100 pounds from coming to the  gym everyday. I love the body pump classes! Yes the parking lot is small and crowded but you so what! Just park your car and get on time to the classes. Life is short! Golds Gym will help you with your weight lost.
4	Great gym. Very convenient, updated equipment, and a cardio cinema. Couldn't ask for more.
5	I'm obsessed with Gold's Gym. They have the best group fitness classes with super motivating instructors.I've never been to gym with staff and trainers that seem so genuinely interested in helping members meet their fitness goals.
