2	This place is too cookie cutter for me, isles of low brow literature and stupid categories like Teen and Western.  Not to mention there was a display in the front for Bill O' Reilly's new book, blah!  I can't understand why people waste their time reading talentless literature like this.  It was nice that they had a coffee shop inside, I picked up a copy of the New York Times and flipped through it.  I guess this would be a prime location to pick up books for classes, but if you are looking for something original, search elsewhere.
3	This place is okay if you are browsing around or trying to kill time while family is shopping their hearts out at the other stores of Concord Mills.  I do notice that some of the book prices are a little on the marked-up side but if you are in a bind for a book, you can go here to get one.  I usually get my books online (the only drawback is the wait time for the shipping), but it's always nice to go into an actual book store and browse.There used to be a coffee place attached to the Books-A-Million, but now it has been changed to Yogurt Mountain.  One of those new yogurt places that you serve yourself and put on your own toppings - haven't tried this location yet, but you can't miss it with it's bright lime green walls and colorful decorations.
3	Books-a-Million isn't my favorite bookstore, much prefer Barnes &Noble. This location is inside the mall, so it's not the biggest bookstore but they still manage to pack with a huge selection of books. You'll be surprised with the vast array of their inventory. Their kid section is great too. My kids go to books stores to scan for books they like and play while I shop. B&N is a favorite for them but they like this location a lot too. The biggest downside is that the place isn't very inviting. Seating through the store is limited. You will often see people sitting against shelves on the floor. Also, what's a positive is also a negative. Because of the large inventory, it can appear cluttered, which isn't a turnoff for me ... I'd rather they have he book I want.
3	A nice selection of books and magazines of all genres.  BAM is located in the Concord Mills shopping mall and is more akin to a book "store" than a place to come and relax.  That's OK.  That's the model of BAM.The prices are what you'd expect.  The only great deals are on the items they're trying to get rid of, but isn't that what most places do?It's a book store.  You can get books here.  The end.
3	Anyone else remember when Amazon came along, everyone predicted that bookstores would go out of business? Heck, there was an entire movie about it! Unfortunately, only mom-and-pop stores, B. Dalton and Waldenbooks have gone, while Barnes and Noble and Books-a-Million seems to be keeping on, for the time being at least.This location actually isn't too bad. It's gigantic, of course, which is odd, because the inventory of keeping all those books in stock has to be immense (not to mention the rent), and then the have a froyo bar as well.Maybe it's all the guest appearances they book, because every time I go by, there seems to be a line stretching far into the mall of people who are wanting to meet someone I've never heard of in order to have them sign their book (which I've also never heard of).Whatever the case, the actual store is nice enough, and the people manning it are nice too - but I can't recall the last time I've bought something. Most times I just ask who the person is at the front of the line and decline politely when asked if I want to buy their book and stand in line to have it signed.
1	I stop it maybe 3 times a year to browse the bargain books, every time I go in it's always high pressure sales tactics by the clerk to get you to join their club.  I'm buying a $10 book at most three times a year, I don't need it!  They also don't take no for an answer well, they will get rude and hold up everyone else while you have to repeatedly say no.  If you give a reason why not they'll try to prove you wrong, just take my money and give me receipt so I can get out.  After this last time yesterday I won't be back.
3	Well beyond books now, Books-A-Million also sells toys, games, movies, movie and book related clothing, some electronics accessories, magazines and figurines. Nothing's cheap, but it's all the "must have" from all the big movie and book deals.Looking for Star Wars or Divergent or Doctor Who Hunger Games stuff? They'll have it here.
