1	Terrible.It's really hot in there if it's humid and not very welcoming because of it.  They messed up my breakfast order on drive-thru more than once, but what can you do when you're in a hurry to get some grub in da belly before you start a long day of work.I've been to many McD's that are better than this spot and would highly recommend the Subway which is pretty close or even just buying food at the gas station that is next door to it.  dmo out.
2	In the time it takes to go through this drive through, I could slaughter a chicken, de-feather it, butcher it, and grill it...then have time to pick lettuce leaves to make my own grilled chicken salad. Bottom Line: The drive through is notoriously slow.  So slow, my co-workers and I sometimes go to Wendy's for our fast food fix.  The people can be nice...others sort of out of it.  TIP: Check the bag before you drive away from the window.  Chances are you won't have the right dressing, a straw, or something is incorrect.
2	I pick up lunch from this location once in a while, since there isn't a whole lot to choose from close to my work. This place is packed from 11am- 1pm. The staff is ok... slow but ok. The one thing I have to comment on is that I hate the new automatic response on the drive through. "Hi, Welcome to McDonald's. Would you like to try our hot chocolate today?" Then there is a pause... and you get a real person. "Hi, can I take your order?"Um... No I don't want a hot chocolate... it's July! Why would I want a hot chocolate? Oh... and if you place your order at the first drive through order box, and you pull up to the second one, because you're behind someone you'll go through the same ordeal all over again and then you'll have to explain to the lady on the other end that you've already placed your order.That's the price you pay for going to McDonalds.. a headache.
1	Worst McDonalds ever.  Ordered a sundae, milk shake, small fry and medium Coke.  The guy taking the order said the ice cream machine was broken and left us hanging on the rest of the order, so I pulled around to the window.  Asked him about the rest of the order and he said he didn't hear me.  I asked about the ice cream machine and he said they never clean it.  The wait was terribly long and once I got to the window the manager never apologized for anything.  Poor customer service at its highest.  Food was actually OK.
