5	Frank was awesome. Price was fair and he said it would be about 45 minutes. I was out in 30.
5	This Discount Tire location has made a customer for life! Everyone was friendly, and the prices were fair. Also, I was in and out in about 30 minutes, tires and all. I was very impressed with the manager, who went above and beyond what was needed. I would definitely recommend this location to everyone.
5	Aside from breaking a lug stud making me late to get out of town on a road trip (pulling a camper, not willing to risk with a broken stud) these guys were great. Matched Tire Rack (less shipping costs), got my truck in and out quickly, and everyone was really nice. They did not, however, road force balance my tires so I had shaking in my steering at over 60. They quickly fixed the issue, but had my office not been close by I would not have been happy to spend time there twice for what should have been done the first time. I would have thought that with a 32" tire a road force balance would be a given. Overall, these guys get 5 stars from me. We all make mistakes, and they made up for them beautifully.
5	I was in a pickle and discount came through for me.At the last minute on a Friday morning I decide to run down to Tucson to help my girlfriend move.  All of my tires are new except one, which I had already been warned to replace but I knew I could still squeeze a couple thousand miles out of that rubber.  Conundrum ensued: do I risk the drive there and back in the hottest part of the summer while driving on the death trap, also known as The Ten.  OR do I lose precious moving time by getting this tire replaced.  Visions of burning my kneecaps while changing a tire and having semi's whiz by forced me into this Discount.I arrived by 8:00 and I was out by 8:30.  I was treated with respect and courtesy by the employees who helped me.  The women's bathroom was clean.  I'll be sure to come back here when I burn out these rubbers.
5	I had to have a tire replaced (obviously, haha) and I knew the dealership and WalMart were both overcharging me. I went in on a Saturday to see if they had the exact tire I needed in stock. They did not have the tire I needed but ordered it that same day, and informed me that they should have it in by Monday. They phoned on Monday to notify me that the tire was in, and also asked when I would be able to come by. I went in around 3:20pm and was out well before 4:00pm. Each staff member I came in contact with was very friendly and helpful. They rotated my tires, and my Volkswagen is happy again = ).
5	I came in today to get my free tire balance and rotation (scheduled an appointment last week).  I got in and out very quickly.  They found an issue with one of my tires, which I did have to replace.  The cost out the door was supposed to be about $134.  I asked if he could give me a discount.  He said he could do about $33 and that savings will also be less on tax, so I was out the door for about $98.I have gotten all my tires for years at Discount Tires and their prices are reasonable.  Though I have a '95 Ford Explorer and they won't put the tire pressure to what I want, that is my only issue, but I can see from their point-of-view and won't ding them on stars for this.The service I seem to get usually is consistently good and if something happens, like it did when I had to get 2 new tires last Fall, they compensated by giving me better tires that cost more for the same price as the tires I wanted, which were less expensive.
1	They made an appt for me at 1:00.  When I arrived they said that it would be 45mins.  After over an hour they had still not started.  What's the point of having an appt?  Why tell me 45mins when you would not have even started over an hour later if I hadn't said  something?
5	Great place. I got used to crappy service in other states and they really blew me away here. I can't believe that people work so hard but it's refreshing. If I'm ever in the area and need tires I will definitely hit these guys up.
1	We have been taking our vehicles to this location for years without any problem.  On our last occasion we came home with a broken spare tire assembly.  When told of this the store manager, Frank McLaughlin, said the service that changed the tire broke it and his store were not responsible.  That would have been fine if we'd been told that up front.  By not finding out about it until after we left the store led us to believe Discount had damaged the assembly and was trying to hide it.  The store offered to pay half.  We told them that was unacceptable and if they want our continued business they'd take care of it all.  The difference was $100.  The store manager, Frank McLaughlin, declined.  So, he's now lost 3 vehicles worth of continuing business over $100.  Mr. McLaughlin can comment on this post all he wants but he blew it over a measly $100.  I'll never set foot in another Discount tire shop and I urge all who read this to do the same.  I'm letting everyone I come into contact with know as well.
1	I've used Discount my entire adult life (23+ years).  I have always been very satisfied with them as a company.  Very competitive, great sales people, etc.  I did have one incident at a store in TX where they used a screwdriver to remove my center caps and gouged the aluminum up on every wheel.  Discount made it right.  Every wheel got professionally refinished and I was satisfied. This brings me to my first and last experience with this particular location.  I brought my truck in for a rotate and balance. The guy at the front desk was awesome.  I explained to him that I am on my second pair of black lug nuts because the first set rusted after they were removed and installed with an air gun.  I had no problem with that - lesson learned - I bought a new, better set that consisted of 24 black locking lug nuts - not cheap.  I asked him if he wouldn't mind having the tech do them by hand so I don't have rust streaks all over my black lug nuts and wheels.  He gladly said "of course!"  Sweet.  This guy understood. I pulled my truck in and I waited.   As I'm sitting there, I can hear the tech talking loudly.  After all, my truck was in the very first bay next to the waiting room.  He said things like "What the hell?  Is this a million dollar truck or something?" and "Oh!  Don't hurt my lug nuts!".When it got closer to them being done, I stepped outside.   Now I could hear him really good.  He made several more rude comments and then, once I could tell he was done, I said "that's mine".  I said to him "so, that was a pain in the ass, huh?"   He said "yeah. Why did I even have to do that?"  I told him "I heard every word you said".  He handed me my keys and said "sorry" in the most condescending way possible.  It was the first time I was made to feel like an a-hole by this company. In a nutshell, I'm never going back to his location.  No wheel purchases. No tire purchases.  Nothing.
1	This place is horrible! I gave this place the key for the wheel locks and waited almost two hours when I had an appointment in the first place and they came out and said that they had to drill out the locks because they didn't have my key? I told them that I gave it to them when I paid and gave them my car keys and they said "oops, it's in the folder" and no sorry or anything. I paid extra to have those wheel locks put on and I didn't even get an I'm sorry!!!! And frank, the manager is a very condescending person to try to talk to. I'm very disappointed and I've been to many discounts before.
1	Incompetent, rude, offensive, and zero responsibility. I've been a discount customer for a long time but this location is horrible.
5	Excellent customer service I'll be back when I need new tires.On a busy Saturday morning I was greeting immediately by a friendly staff member. I was expecting to be sold a new tire as I didn't think that the damaged one I had could be saved. The store had about 15 people in it and the wait for my tire repair was over an hour and a half. They actually texted me in about 45 minutes to let me know the tire was fixed. Not only did they not try to up-sell me to something I didn't really need, the service was completed before the expected time, but the repair was free, I was surprised and impressed at this and will definitely be back for my rotation and balance in 6k miles. Great location!
5	Went in to get the tire pressure filled on the newer car.  The guy was super nice.  Sorry, I forgot his name, but he was super polite and so nice.  Excellent customer service and quick.Thanks!
5	Great service! My tire was back ordered everywhere - even online with other companies (BMW M3) and Tyler tracked one down back east somewhere - when it would have been easy to just say there was nothing they could do. I've used Discount Tire for years and this is another reason why I won't go anywhere else.
5	The men at discount tires never let me leave if my tires are in an unsafe state! they give me phenomenal prices and discounts wherever they can knowing that I'm a single mother with a very tight income...
5	I have been coming here for years. Frank and his crew continue to exhibit true professionalism, respect and pride in their work.I wish all auto service establishments had this approach. They shouldCome here to learn how!I'll keep coming back and a shout out to Joey for his help!
5	In my 17 years of driving, i finally woke up to my first flat tire this morning. After changing it out for a spare, I drove over to Discount Tire expecting to pay for a repair or replacement. I was surprised when I was told if it could be repaired it would free of charge. I was even more surprised when I was offered a tire rotation free of charge as well. They identified a nail in the tire and were able to repair it, free of charge, just as promised. My total wait time was about 40 minutes, again, just as stated. The service easily exceeded my expectations and didn't cost me anything but my time. I would highly recommend Discount Tire.
5	Today Jesse and Dustin were the guys who helped me.  My husband wanted me to take the car in this week and get whatever tires needed replacing done.  He thought 2 of them needed replacement, but Jesse checked and said only one needed replacing.I wasn't that happy that they didn't have either Goodyear or General for my '95 Ford Explorer, but he found something comparable, a Pathfinder.  And he gave me a viable solution to replace the other 3 tires in a few months so that I can get back to having them all on the same schedule for replacement.The place was clean and no real issues.  However, the wrong mileage was put on my receipt, which I later had Jeff, I believe, change that and send me via email a new receipt.  They were off by 110,000 miles under what the actual mileage was, which was 230,000+ miles.  Had called in earlier today to set an appointment for 2:30 pm.  They said they would guarantee that I would be out of there within 45 minutes, which I think it was closer to like 30 minutes.  That's good, because today I was really constrained for time.Not sure if Dustin was the guy that put the tire on, but it looks good.  I told Jesse I did not want the air pressure in my other 3 tires changed, and Dustin honored this.Though they got the mileage wrong on the receipt and didn't have the tires i wanted, I'm still giving them 5 stars.  Customer service was excellent and continues to be at this location.  Will keep coming back.
5	Came in here on January 2nd to have air added in my tires. Now I'm a girl that knows her way with vehicles, but the light had been on for two days (came on NYE, and they were closed new years....or at least I figured they were) and being that this location is about 3 miles from my ice rink, it was more logical to swing by in the morning on my way back from practice instead of driving home, changing clothes, pulling out my other vehicle and dragging out the air compressor. They are always super friendly and polite. I'm always impressed by this! The boys that do my air check are always very courteous and do not make you feel like you are hassling them, or wasting their time, or any of that. Quick and simple and the guy who did my air that day even did thorough tire checks, and warned me the insides of my tires are wearing (I already was aware and go through tires like water haha), but I appreciate the check of my tread, rather than just filling up my air and sending me out!! All of the kids who have added air in my tires always strike up conversation with me and I appreciate that. Always fun to strike up conversation with employees.   Clean & Quick, Been here multiple times, I think there was only 1 time prior that I had to wait about 10 minutes for air, only because it was a busy afternoon and two vehicles were already in front of me. But I did not mind. Otherwise I'm always in and then on my way!
