4	Like any other store that's selling a gourmet-something-or-other, when you get good service here, it's REALLY good--expert advice from someone who really knows their stuff about tea. When you get middling service, you don't get that wealth of information. I once worked in a wine shop, and I was the dull employee who didn't have extensive information about each bottle in the store--but there was always someone there who could, and I wouldn't hesitate to fetch the expert.Anyway, when Davids Tea has an expert in residence, I'm always happy with my purchase. When there's nobody there who really knows their stuff, then I just get what the expert recommended last time.I think that most of their blends are kind of nasty, filled with candy and goji berries and dried fruit. It's like they are trying to sell me potpourri instead of tea. They always have samples of these blends, and no matter how many times I try their chocolate mint tea (???), I cannot bring myself to enjoy it.But that's just a taste issue--I enjoy less flavour-y teas, so I buy simple oolongs like their Ty Kwan Yin, English Breakfast, Lapsang Suchong. I also like that when you buy a tin-full of tea, the airtight tin comes free, and you can get a fifty-cent rebate if you bring it back to get it filled again.Their tea accessories tend to lean towards the modern, which I like but might not be for someone who's looking for an old-fashioned teapot instead of something that looks more Scandinavian.So: when the expert's in the house, it's a good place to get some suggestions from an employee who knows their stuff. When they're not there...I mostly play it safe.
5	Unbelievably delicious teas with so many choices!  I have been to the store in Chelsea and I never realized how wonderful this place is.  David's puts Teavana and my local joint Argo to shame.  There is a wall of tea that the staff can make hot or iced right then and there.  I was visiting for a day and happened upon David's for my morning tea.  The staff was super friendly and they had a couple teas to taste in the morning.  I asked for a tea that was good for ex coffee drinkers and lovers with no caffeine.  The woman behind the counter suggested a fall tea "pistachio cream".  Holy moly tasty! It was so good I got a second cup on my way out of town and ended up buying some tea for my trip.  I feel so lucky there is a David's in NYC and will be visiting often when I get home.
3	They have some good tea, but not the best prices. You can find some better quality tea in other place in Montreal. Coming from a family where tea is served at any time of the day, I have some pretty good knowledge on tea and it is pretty obvious that David's tea is not the best option there is in town.
