5	After being disappointed going to the SAS Fabric Apache Blvd. location (disorganized and dirty), I decided to give the SAS Fabric Indian School location a chance.  I'd been there years back and think they remodeled because everything was organized, easy to find, easily priced and very friendly service.  I would highly recommend this location over the other.
4	Heaven, I have seen thee and thy name is SAS Fabrics by the Pound.Why do I need green, faux mink fur right as the weather begins to warm up?  I dunno, but damned if I'm going to leave it here and hope to find it next fall.  I'll find something to make and some way to sport it if it kills me.  What I DO know though (well, now I know, anyway) is that it's not superduper smart to go to SAS without an honest to god pattern that you're ready to cut and sew in your hand.  There are just too many luxurious fabrics in beautiful prints and colors to play with, every aisle you walk down.  Sure, there's some junky stuff, but whatevs, just keep going and before you know it you're fingering the prettiest, shiniest, brightest silk or brocade or taffeta that you've ever seen, and you're imagining the ballgown that you'll make out of it.  Hey, one never knows when one will need a ballgown, so get off my nuts!  And just in case you do, there's plenty tiaras and whatnot to complete the look.They do carry lots of notions, some too many and some not enough. There are BINS of loose buttons, if you care to sort through and find all the matching buttons you need.   I don't think I saw a really great selection of laces and ribbons and other trims though.  The thread is super cheap, but the color selection is a little thin and I'm not sure if it's any good (most of them had "family dollar" stamped on them, and at .20 a pop, who knows).  Needle selection is next to nil, and the ones that they did supposedly have were almost all sold out.  Other helpers, like fusible bonding and stuff are probably pricier than you'd pay somewhere else.  And of course, there are no patterns at all.  Long story short, go to Joann or something for your patterns, SAS for the fabric, and then back to Joann for your notions.  And DON'T BUY THE GREEN FAUX MINK FUR, unless you plan on checking with me every time you leave the house in it, lest we see each other out.  How gauche!
4	Let me say, this is not a store where the employees will be nice to you, ask you if you need help finding anything, or do anything at all to make you feel welcome, but it's soooo worth it.  This dump has everything.  Piles and piles of fabric, ribbons, trim, notions, and so much various craft stuff it'll make your head spin.  Tiny pink and blue clothespins, cute little patches, bra straps, fake fur in every color of the rainbow, mini-chain by the yard, huge bins of zippers...I could go on and on.  If you make crafts you need to come to this store.  The prices are pretty good, too.  It's a magical place, complete with the angry trolls that cut your fabric and take your payment.
4	Prepare for a treasure hunt! SAS is jam-packed full of eclectic fabrics & notions. I don't sew but am an artist/decorator & always start here when I need lots of awesomeness. It's the only place to go if you need 40 yards of iridescent orange chiffon and only wanna spent $60! The only downfall is the personnel. Kinda snippy & frequently confused. And there's usually a long line for cutting...So go to SAS for the bargains.  You'll find some textile treasure for sure!
4	I will be back, it had some fantastically great deals. I wanted to buy so much that I had no plans to use. Just to own. OK there were two downsides as far as I could tell.1. There was no information posted about how the store worked. It sounds silly if you haven't been there. My friend and I were trying to figure out how to hold onto all the bolts we wanted yards of as there were no carts. The answer is you bring it up front and have them cut it for you and they keep it in a bag for you behind the counter until you are ready to check out. You can do this as many times as you like. 2. The salespeople I dealt with were very vague and did not seem as if they had been hired from the best or the brightest. I had to rephrase my questions about how the store worked 4 times before they said something that answered my questions.Once those two things were dealt with I had a great time being overwhelmed by too many choices. TOO MANY CHOICES!
5	I love going to SAS because they have lots of kooky stuff and when you find something you like, you got to grab it, you might not come across it again. The fabrics and trimmings are inexpensive and unique. The staff isn't too helpful so be patient. Make sure you have plenty of time to look around, it's a big place and lots of stuff to go through. Almost everything is marked, look for other fabrics in the same pile to see prices if it's not labeled. Look over your ticket and watch the sales person write down the prices. We all make mistakes, we are only human. You don't want to get over charged for a mis-calculation. (I say this because one time my ticket said $10 for item when it was only $2.50!). There's no public toilet, just a heads up. They run debit as credit and they do check ID with the card.
5	IM IN LOVE. i used to work at joanns and was discouraged by the high prices of fabrics. I then found SAS and was in heaven! The store is pretty organized so it's not hard to find things and for the most part the employees are extremely busy. I could spend hours in there I just wish I had something to make all the time.
5	I am obsessed with this place. I love to sew but fabric and accessories are so expensive and often good quality merchandise is hard to find. Sas is amazing it sells a lot of unusual items for a good price. The place is a bit cluttered and sometimes you have to dig through  a lot of junk but I have found some amazing things for dirt cheap.
4	First of all "first to review credit" needs to go to Mirabella G!  I tried to inform Yelp management of this, but can't figure out how to so want to give credit where credit is due, myself.  Now to my review.This is a great store to go in if you have absolutely no idea of what your doing or close to it, like myself.  It probably is a much better place to go if you do.  They have a little of everything and a lot of everything.  I say that because I am of the opinion that the more you know about what you are doing, the more you will find.  Suffice it to say you can find an incredible amounts of fabrics and accessories when you walk in the door; just be ready to dig to find what you want.I go to SAS when I am looking for fabrics and buttons in order to replace dresses for my 90 year old friend.  These are garments that just are not made anymore. I don't sew but my Mother did or I would be pretty much lost when I go in.  I have no shame so I am likely to ask for help from anyone in the store-employee or customers. The attitude is such that most of the people shopping there are really nice.  I was trying to decide to between two fabrics when a really older lady walked by who looked really good in what she was wearing.  She was willing to tell me which one she appealed to her and that's the one I purchased.   The employees are another story,    Some really are more helpful than others depending on what you are trying to do.  I think that is partly because they are always so busy. I've never seen the SAS store slow.  So, don't let one put you off, eventually, you'll find another who will help you especially if you are desperate like me.The prices here really are great which is why it is worth it to go in and dig.  It is a great people watching place, besides.  Not for the faint of hear, this store is, but it can be a lot of fun.
4	Awesome selection.  You can find stuff that they stopped making after the Carter administration.  Super cheap too.
4	This store makes me feel proud of Phoenix! Pluses:* amazing button selection, at really affordable prices. You'll find authentic wood, glass, and metal buttons (but they'll be mixed in with plastic junk and odds n' ends that aren't even really buttons, just ... thingies). When I was going through a "make Anthro-style necklaces out of metal things" phase, this was my No. 1 supplier.* cotton quilting fabrics. I'm not a quilter, but if I need a small swatch of novelty fabric to make, say, a Scrabble tile bag, this is the place I'll go.* fabric in general! I haven't quite figured out where SAS gets its inventory. I always assumed it was mill ends and dead stock. But I've bought yardages here that have clearly already been cut and clearly were originally sold by fabric.com (I recognize their inventory sticker). I don't know how the sausage is made, but oh well.* stuff you didn't know you needed. Yards and yards of that corny "jeans" belting from the 70s? Holly Hobby eyelet trim? You're in luck.* really nice suiting materials. Mixed in with shit, of course, but that's SAS. Maybe it stands for "Sublime Among Shitty."Minuses:* the staff, MAYBE. Though I have to say, people ask stupid questions like "how many yards of fabric does it take to make a dress?" This is not the place to go with your newbie sewing questions. Take that nonsense to the cutting table at Joann's where, in my experience, the nosy ladies always want to get up in your beeswax while they're cutting your fabric ("what are you making???") You do have to know how the place works: Get your fabric cut and then meet them at the front to pay for it.
5	After returning from my trip from a big city fashion district, my inner creative genius led me to Sas Fabric. Upon entering the location I felt a gush of endless and surreal inspiration. Why the fuss over a fabric shop you might ask? The fuss is over Sas Fabric shop! Move over Joanns, Walmart or any other ratty fabric place because no one beats Sas! An array of funky, bright, subtle, soft, crisp, shiny, and neutral fabrics fill your eyesight welcoming you to explore! My imagination was running wild in here! I felt as if I was at a true NYC fabric supplier! Other fabric stores in Phoenix simply do not compare and carry FAR less unique fabrics. Joanne is also more catered to the grandma crowd rather than the modern D.I.Y. creative soul. I highly recommened Sas for all fabric related projects. I've become loyal to Sas for its quality and superior selection. The staff is also very quick and experienced so they get you on your way to fulfill your creative urges! Five stars :)
4	First of all I cannot sew so this review is not from the point of a seamstress.  I went there for ribbons and other gold colored fabrics for center piece making and I def found more than I could ever imagine.  They have great luxurious fabrics as well as tacky sequin covered fabrics (I totally bought some).  If you need fabric you will find what you need or something very close to it.  The parking was ok but no lie the place is always packed.  As far as customer service goes it really depends on who you deal with. Some are chatty Cathys and others don't seem to care much for the customers. The bottom line is the place might look beat up but the selection is great and the people will cut your fabric and even give you a little extra if they see some damage.
5	Ridiculous place...there's just so much fabric to choose from that, if you're a fabric whore like myself, you could be in here for half the day.  I can't control myself around fabric...so those of you who belong to FLA (Fabric Lovers Anonymous) know I've broken down in here and bought fabric like five years ago that I still haven't used but promised I would find something to use it for someday or if not you can bury me with it.ahem...anyway...great for cheap awesome finds.  much better than schlepping out to BFE to go to JoAnn's.  Gigantic rolls of fabrics and some hard to find items--like black out material for our curtains.  Ribbon selection is huge.  Staff can be kind of brusque but only because they're swamped with work, but they are helpful when it's your turn.  Would highly recommend it!!
4	the ladies that work here don't give a fuck about your Project  , they don't help much the costumers they rules are "WHAT  YOU SEE IS WHAT WE HAVE"   they never smile, but the fabrics and full store are amazing ! feel free to shop here
4	I love this place for what it is-a place to get cheap fabric and other assorted craft/sewing supplies. I know going in here that it isn't going to be clean, or quick, or easy to sort through the piles of material. When I shop for fabric, I'm only looking for knits (I make scarves out of super soft knits), which are located on the righthand side of the store near the back in a GIANT pile that is only haphazardly organized. Knits aren't sold in large quantities like most of the other fabric they have-they are mostly just small-ish pieces that almost all have holes or stains. You have to check the fabric yourself, because they won't do it for you when you go to have it measured. I'd say on average, most knits are between 1/2 yard to 3 yards in length that are in the pile of fabrics. The exception is the bins next to the knit piles, which typically have much smaller pieces of material and are usually irregularly shaped. I have found some great, super soft knits in these piles-think fabric that is used by James Perse, Ella Moss, Splendid...that's what these feel like. It requires a lot of digging to find usable amounts of material in the piles that are also hole- and stain-free, but it's worth it! Knits are only $1.99 a yard here, which is a phenomenal deal.They sell other fabrics that would be used for costumes, tons of sparkly fabrics, plus fleece, upholstery fabrics (though they don't sell upholstery thread), and a bunch of threads in different levels of quality/quantity. They do sell needles but they are behind the register, and you order them by telling them which number you want from the "menu" of smallish items. BEFORE YOU PAY AT THE REGISTER, you MUST have your fabric measured at one of the cutting stations-even if you don't plan to have the material cut! They measure it to figure out how much you are getting, then they make you a receipt and hold your material behind the register. When you are ready to pay, simply walk up with your receipt to the register and they'll calculate the total from your receipt and bring you your bag of fabric. They take most credit cards so I don't need to have cash here (it seems like the type of place where it would be cash-only, but thankfully it is not).Come here if you are prepared to spend time and effort finding the best and cheapest material around without all the glitz and glamour of a regular (i.e. chain) fabric store!
4	This place is incredible! A little less than well-organized, but there are tons of inexpensive fabrics and accoutrements. The people are friendly and down-to-earth.
4	I made it into this Sas because I happened to be right around the corner for an appointment. The store was much smaller than 19th Ave which I go to more often. Things were organized the way Sas organizes. I always feel like it's a treasure hunt and have fun. I did find the knit section and they were on sale. I made a purchase of awesome super soft knits. One thing I LOVE about Sas is the elastics and trims! $.50 a yard for 3 inch elastic? AMAZING!  This was a nice Sas and I will go back if I am over there again for sure!
3	My mom has been uber into crafting ever since her and the pops took up going to Burning Man. I've had the pleasure of not only hearing their "OMG MOM NO" stories from the Playa, but also going to SAS to help her find pretty things for tutus and hats and go knows what else. This place is MASSIVE. Staff is friendly. A little disorganized, but you can find some great shit there. Last time, I walked up with a mini glitter top hat. It's amazing.
2	Worst wool selection I have EVER seen.Saw associates chatting with each other and with friends more than I saw one look to help a customer.  Asked for help and got a woman who was willing to help but didn't understand what I meant by "wool" and took me to what she thought was wool.At least she tried.  Her effort gave the place two stars instead of one.With a store that's such a mess, the associates should be all over trying to help out customers.  Because all I did was walk in, look confused, ask a question, and leave.  Customer service counts.P.S. I feel like the Tempe location takes pride in their organization and the women that work there have been working there FOREVER!  It's like seeing old friends every time. :)
3	The stuff you want and need is there except for one important thing. Also, they have bad customrt service.  Nobody knows where anything is, they are disorganized and they don't like telling customers how to check out. Each counter is for something different but there are no signs. Good luck. If you ask if they sell an item you can't find, they might say no but it won't be the truth. Show up when you can spend 2 hours to find  everything on your own.Forget about the dollar or two dollar bin. It always costs more than that. And they say it was placed in that bin by mistake. If you grab fabric expecting a certain price and actually pay that price. ....and if this happens to you most times please write a review. I would like to see it. The truth is people go back because they are the only ones who do what they do AND regular fabric stores are closing all over the valley. If this were not the case I would go somewhere else.
3	This place is as bad to be expected! Essentially a warehouse stuffed with random fabric scraps, ribbon and assorted accessories. To be honest, you better come here on a scavenger hunt, or else you will be disappointed!
5	After hours or rather days of trying to find a satin sheet that did not come in a set already I decided to just try satin fabric instead. After reading the other reviews I wasn't sure exactly what to expect as no fabric store that I've patronized previously had as much as the reviews said this place would.  I have driven past this place for years and never noticed what it was, I always thought it was a costume shop.  Walking into this store I'm sure my face was priceless as I am also sure that upon first entry my jaw hit the floor. There was so much fabric everywhere. Not just your usual small bolts but giant rolls as tall as I am in most cases. I found not only the satin I was looking for but also many other fabrics that would also work that I never thought of before.  In addition the vast selection the prices were amazing.  So many deals on bulk fabric, definitely a sewers dream.  The only caution I have for this place is that I needed three pieces of the fabric but I wasn't made aware that they only do one cut per person per fabric. Luckily the lady helping me understood my confusion at not being told this before hand and was willing to cut all three pieces for me.  I do wish that their thread selection was larger. Even though they have industrial size spools they mostly have primary colors. I had a difficult time matching the thread and fabric. I will definitely come back here the next time I have any fabric needs.
5	If you like crafting and sewing this is the place for you!I needed about 6 yards of upholstery fabric as I am recovering my ratty old dining room chairs, and after some very frustrating searching through tables piled high with folded samples, old bolts and random yards, I nearly gave up then all of a sudden I found *exactly* what I was looking for: three different samples of Toile de Jouy, in pastel pink, green and blue!!  Yes!!   I was super excited to find it in all three colors.  And to add to the awesomeness of my find, my whole purchase, out the door, was only about $12.  Score!!  Be warned that this places is overflowing with fabric and sewing notions and finding exactly what you want can be a challenge, and their customer service is VERY limited.  But if you come in here with patience and lots of time to spare you will find exactly what you seek, eventually.
5	Lovelovelove this place. Always find what I'm looking for and usually end up buying more that I came for. The cotton tables must be seen to be believed.
1	I get all my crafting supplies fromThis store.  It's an awesome place to shop if you know what your looking for.
1	What a mess!!! Looking for outdoor fabric and this place is close to home, so it was our first stop. No outdoor fabric could be found, but in fairness, I am not the type of person that likes to "hunt" for things. I'm more of a get in get out kinda girl, and this store is most definitely NOT conducive to that way of shopping.After a quick circle around the shop, we went and asked where the outdoor fabric is. Answer: "if we have it, I would think it's near the upholstery". If? Think? We circled again but there is zero organization in the place, and I was shopping with someone that doesn't have patience for that, so we quickly left. Also, crowded and dirty. If they had organization, training, and a mop, they would get more business. They could even raise prices. But, I'm sure there are people that would rather dig and shop in a less fancy place to save the money, and if that's you, this is a good place. Never thought I would feel like a fabric store snob, but I guess that's me.
4	This place is Christmas when it comes to crafty things to discover. There is fabric of every kind, nick-nacks, ribbon, and kitschy things. The employees, though? Oh my gosh grouchy. Forget getting help or friendly service here. Even the guy at the front clearly doesn't want to be here.Also, be prepared--this is a warehouse setting with poor ventilation. You will get hot and sweaty.But I found the materials for some projects for super cheap, which was great. That concrete floor did a number on my back, though, because I walked around the entire store. The heating pad was calling my name when I got home.
2	If I didn't like how close this place was to my house or the giant selection of fabrics I would give it zero stars! The customer service is horrendous!  the people that work there are the rudest people I've ever seen in my entire life at a store. That's all
1	The staff here is so incredibly rude, I literally have anxiety before I enter the building. Before I moved to Los Angeles I spent thousands of dollars here On fabric (I design lingerie/wedding dresses), and still I get yelled at like I'm cattle or a dog. They will not allow you to hold anything at the cash wrap while you're shopping (I would buy way more if I didn't have to lug around 8 rolls of fabric during my whole shopping experience) and they are just plain rude. I know this isn't Mood or Micheal Levine, but even at Thrift Stores customer service is stillImportant! I don't care how cheap your product is.
2	I'm adding to the chorus of "the people here are incredibly rude." They have this policy that you must leave behind two yards of fabric or you have to buy all of it - except it's not exactly uniformly enforced. I went to buy fabric today to make blankets for gifts, and it took me ages to sort through the leaning tower of fleece just to *find something that was at least a yard*!! There were so many pieces of fabric that had to be just six inches, 10 inches, maybe a foot and a half...hardly anything you can use for almost any sort of project. When I *finally* found something that was at least a yard and had a cute pattern, I took it to be cut. The woman cutting my fabric insisted I had to get additional yards of one type that I didn't even need because otherwise I'd be leaving a yard behind here and there and that was against their policy. She didn't even explain it nicely, she just said "did you read the paper?" and pointed at it. I would've just returned those pieces and went back to get alternatives from the giant pile, but I had spent so much time finding at least a yard each that I was now running late.So now I have FAR more fabric than I needed and I feel super ripped off. They have a good selection, but I'm not going back. It hardly matters if the fabric is decently priced when you have to cross your fingers and toes you'll find at least a yard of it, and then end up paying out of the rear for extra. Ugh.
3	They have a lot of fabrics at discount prices but it's more quantity and not so much quality. I think it's a great place to go hunting for fabrics if you don't have much in mind or limitations on what it is you want to accomplish. They don't have high end, luxury materials, but then again, this is a DISCOUNT fabric store.The staff either don't understand English or don't like English so they don't say anything but just point to the general direction when you ask them where a certain material is at. Don't expect any sort of customer service as the people are EXTREMELY rude and strangely got their heads up their asses. If you know what you want but isn't totally married to having something exactly like you envisioned it and have several hours to rummage through copious mountains of unlabeled fabrics, this is a great place to go to cuz you'll be saving a lot of money.They do have lots of huge boxes of zippers/fasteners for like 50 cents each which is a great deal. I found several YKK zippers with metal teeth for 50 cents and those are the best zippers out on the market and get used as the industry standard.This place isn't for the faint of heart. If you get anxiety or OCD and can't handle clutter, mess, disorganization, chaos- don't go here cuz your condition will worsen upon setting foot on the premises. But if you're like me and pretty much unflappable, you'd probably have a ball.
