3	Passable middle eastern and mediterranean food in a nice State Street setting close to campus.
5	Husnus....definitely my "date place" freshman year before I could a) afford anything else and b) get anywhere off campus.  On the first block of Street....this place is a great value.  $12 for salad and an entree.  I love the kabobs and anything with lamb in it.  The yogurt dressing is really good and the bread is very traditional.  Don't miss it, no matter how many much more expensive meals I have, I always return to this favorite. 5 stars.
4	Yumm...I love Husnus.  Whenever I get back to madison, I love to try and get here.  I love the chicken kabob, but everything is great (try the acorn squash special too!).  Bread on the table, wonderful yogurt sauce.  Would've gotten 5 stars, but the service is often very slow.  Luckily the food is so good, I keep going back.  Highly recommend for a great Mediterranean meal.
5	The best.The service is fast and the portions are huge - the complimentary bread and oil is the best I've ever had.I recommend the ispanakli borek (spinach feta fillo) and the potato dumplings with curry and yogurt.  Get the yellow split pea soup if its available.  My meatier friends have told me that the tavuk dolmasi (stuffed chicken breast) and the kabuk dolmasi (acorn squash filled with chicken and tomato sauce) are wonderful as well.  The baklava is made fresh by Husnu himself (who you should try to meet while there) and it is so very good.  Also, I've never had better rice pudding in my life.
5	The last person who reviewed Husnus worked there and refused to refill my Coke (damn you annoushka!)..but other than that Husnus is the best restaurant on State St. Favorite dish: Tavuk Dolmasi in raspberry sauce. Husnu always adds new items to the menu so go there often. Also, the best rice pudding I've ever had. I also would marry Husnu if I weren't gay and he weren't married with kids.
4	The things they do to eggplant at Husnu's can only be described as heavenly.
5	I've complimented the chef before.  He is a food guru.There is nothing that is NOT amazing here.  But do yourself a favor and get some dolmasi.  Feeling sluggish after you're stuffed with food?  Have a turkish coffee, which one of their waitresses once referred to as "Waitress Crack."  It'll perk you right up and make you feel like $1,000,000.It's a beautiful, dimly lit restaurant--very romantic.  The service has never been bad, always very efficient and courteous.  Every time I'm done with a meal here, I feel so happy.  It's like I have a renewed sense of goodwill toward mankind.  Thank you, Husnu's, for turning me into less of an ass each time I eat at your establishment.
5	My favorite place to eat on State St- at least it was until they ripped up the street. Ah, progress, you're a bitch.I love everything here- recently had the orange chicken something-or-other, and the split-pea soup.  Heavenly.  The service is very good, staff is friendly.
4	Wow, the rumors are true, this place serves awesome food!! My friend and I showed up here for dinner both as first timers. We ordered a glass of Merlot, started the girlfriends chit-chat and were very relaxed.  For entree, I ordered grilled trout with reduced vegetables (yes, they have number of delicious sounding sea food items on the menu), while my friend had chicken smothered in red wine sauce. These entrees comes with wither salad or soup. We ordered salad - which was ok, but nothing to rave about. But when the main dishes came out, we couldn't put down the fork and stop raving about them. Both of our dishes were down right delicious!I didn't really look at the rest of the menu, but I'm sure pretty much everything on the menu is great. The entrees we ordered were in $12-$14 range. It's very reasonable price considering th quality of the food.This is a repeater for sure.
5	Husnu, the owner, is at the restaurant 12-14 hours per day (sometimes you see him napping at a back table in the middle of the afternoon), and it is evident by the delicious food, large menu, and friendly service.  The atmosphere is quiet and average, but this is quickly forgotten once the bread (homemade every morning), soup, salad with homemade dressing, and giant portions are served.  Everything on the Specials menu is delicious and unique (Kabak Dolmasi- acorn squash stuffed with chicken- is a favorite) and save room for the rice pudding at the end.  One of the oldest restaurants on State Street, started just a few years after Husnu came here from Turkey, it is truly a staple and a must-try.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE. My mouth is watering as I write this. My favorites are seafood and veggie couscous, the lentil soup, and hummus.
2	I have bad luck with eating at Husnu's for some reason or another. The place never had much appeal to me with the exception of a decent mango lassi. Beyond the lassi, I've had a half chicken that looked more like 1/3 a chicken that was a tad dry and tasted a bit too much like salmon (no joke, it tasted very fish-like for me) and also had a chicken dish that had a sauce that was sweet like candy (I believe it was the stuffed chicken breast).Other than that, I do remember their minestrone being a bit watery with mushy noodles, however it had one saving grace: cilantro flavor. I've also heard some good things about their lamb dishes, but the chicken leaves me in doubt.I have no idea how traditional, authentic, or whatever adjective is used to describe the food at Husnu's... it's pretty mediocre for me and I wouldn't eat there again unless a friend dragged me in.
4	Had lunch on the outdoor part...glorious sunday with buskers (this time decent) across the street singing songs...The food is really solid.  Bread is fresh and tasty with olive oil.  I had salad with yogurt-cucumber salad..the husband had the soup (rice, carrot, mint & yogurt) really nice...I had the lamb rib chops with asparagus, beans, carrots and rice pilaf (with sultanas).  With the exception of the raisins (not a fan), everything was flavorful and had 4! generous pieces of lamb.  Husband had the dumplings with spinach and feta...hearty and the yogurt sauce was really flavorful.  Wished I had room for dessert and coffee...don't fret...I'll be back.
5	Probably one of my favorite places in Madison, definitely THE PLACE for Middle Eastern / Mediterranean food. Decent prices, great beers, and everything I've ever had there is fantastic. I've had dreams about the cucumber sauce. I always get the chicken shish kebab because it's grilled just divine. We go at least once a week.
5	I'm not sure I've ever been to a place where pretty much EVERYTHING on the menu looks delicious. Until last Saturday I had never been to Husnu's. I went with my dad who had been their numerous times and has gotten something different each time and loved every dish he got. The place has been around since the late 70s. And the reason is obvious. They have amazingly good food. Not only do they have a wide selection, but I'm sure ALL of it is GREAT. I ordered the Kabak Dolmasi (Acorn squash filled with chicken topped with tomato sauce and cucumber yoghurt sauce). The squash was soft and buttery. The chicken was SO tender it almost melted in your mouth. The sauces made for an almost creamy mixture when combined. Even the yellow rice (saffron?) was amazing. Nice flavor and could compliment any dish well. Needless to say, I loved it and ate every last bite. I was extremely full afterwords, maybe even overly so, but it didn't matter. It was just that good. The service was perfect. I didn't feel watched over, but by no means ignored. The waitress was very nice and added to the overall pleasant dining experience. It's a great restaurant during any season. Their food has a warm and rich flavor that would compliment any fall/winter day. Sitting outside to enjoy one of their many salads would be a great way to spend a spring/summer afternoon.Of course I'll be going back to Husnu's (hopefully in the near future). And you should definitely give it a try too!
5	Outstanding. I recall eating here once or twice in college but forgot how good this place was. Although I live in Los Angeles, this place would compete favorably with the best of the middle eastern restaurants in LA or NYC. The value for the quality of food is amazing. Most dishes are 10.95, this is food that I would pay $25 a plate without hesitation.I had the combination kebab's. The chicken and veggie's were cooked to perfection. My GF had the Kabak Dolmasi. This is one of the best tasting dishes I have ever had. I stole a bite.  Whether your from Madison, another part of the midwest or the coast, try this place and enjoy.
4	We had dinner here on Saturday night.  The weather was beautiful, and we were able to sit outside.  The food was fantastic!  I had grilled lamb chops, and it came with rice, asparagus and potatoes.  Everything was cooked and seasoned to perfection.  My boyfriend had lamb couscous, and he enjoyed it.  My only complaint with this place was that the service was slow, and our waitress was a bit flakey.  We had to wait for more beers, and for our check.  Other than that it was great.  I would definitely eat here again if I am Madison again.
4	As someone who was brought up on Turkish food, I was pretty impressed.  I had the Izmir kofte with lentil soup, both of which were great and authentic, but their yellow rice was unfamiliar to me.  My friend had the salmon special, which was also in an unfamiliar style, though he was apparently very pleased with it.  Lunch came out to about $20 for the two of us.The service suffered a bit toward the end, particularly because they only had 2 wait staff for lunch, and they were clearly overworked.
4	I just had a dish here last night that was out of this world. It was chicken breast in a light orange sauce with Apricots and Artichokes. YUMMY!!!!!
5	Great food for a great price. Waitress was super friendly as well. Would definitely go again.
1	Went down to try this restaurant. Waited 15 minutes for service in an empty restaurant while the servers were bussing their tables. Finally got service and cold bread, waitress blamed the slow service on it being busy when the place was deserted. We decided to leave and try our luck elsewhere.
5	We have been in the Madison area for almost six years.  We love to go out to dinner and explore different cuisines.  We stumbled across Husnu's on State Street shortly after we came here and stop in when ever we come in to Madison .  My wife loves the Tavuk Dolmasi, which is a stuffed chicken breast with a raspberry sauce amply poured over it.I am a fan of any of their lamb dishes.  Their lamb is not gamey at all.  The lamb shank just falls off the bone.  The last time we were there, I tried the Lamb Curry.  Out of sight!My daughter loves the feta and spinach stuffed dumplings, Traditional Manti.Service as always great and the prices are reasonable.  We will always be back.The Nan bread they bring to the table is not heated.  It's not supposed to be.  But, since we Americans like our bread hot, just ask the server and they will heat it up for you in the oven, NOT a microwave!  Fantastic!Come for Lunch and try to get a window table.  It's great to enjoy a great meal while watching life go by.
5	Awesome soups and great comfort food!
5	I used to eat at this place almost every two weeks.  I ate there because it is AMAZING!  The atmosphere is great, it's dimly lit and very comfortable.  The decorations are very authentic and tasteful.  Well, at least as authentic as I can judge.The drink selection is limited, but not disappointing.  I rarely drank when I went here, usually a glass of wine or something.  So, I can't comment fully on it.Now, the food... it was great.  The naan bread was amazing, my girlfriend and I would go there and just eat naan forever.  The tabuli and hummus are amazing appetizers that we almost always ordered.I can't comment specifically on the vegetarian items, as I wasn't a vegetarian at the time, but I can tell you that the Lamb Couscous is amazing, flavorful and well worth the price of admission.  The spicy orange beef and Tuvak are also amazing well prepared, flavored, spiced and served.  The food from this place always looks picture perfect, sometimes I'd feel bad eating it.I trust that the vegetarian items are good, given my girlfriend's persistence to keep eating here.  We'd always end our meals with a turkish coffee, which was pretty good.  I've had better.  And the baklava, well, it's the only place I've ever had baklava, so I don't have a frame of reference.I love this place, I suggest it whole heartedly.
2	Seriously disappointing experience at this restaurant. The service was so slow and our waitress was beyond dull and unfriendly. I'm usually crazy about any type of Mediterranean bread, but the bread I had at Husnu's was dry and thick. When our food finaaaaally came it was another disappointment! Everything on my plate and on my husband's plate was smothered in yogurt sauce. There are way, way, way better Mediterranean restaurants in Madison - this place was not worth the money I reluctantly handed over.
4	Good food.  Relaxing environment, moderately priced.  Just doesn't rock my socks off but hey you'll be happy.
5	My mother is an Egyptian and my grandmother is a Turk, so I have high expectations when I come to a place like Husnu's. I grew up eating food like this, so I arrived at Husnu's hoping for some comfort food to fill the gap in my diet that's been there ever since I left home. And not only did Husnu's meet this expectation; it went far above and beyond it.Simply put, the food here is excellent. I started my meal out with the best plate of hummus I have ever eaten, in America or in the Middle East. At $7, it was a little pricey for hummus, but I feel like I got my money's worth. I received a very large portion, and it was thick, hearty, and filled with vegetables. It had a very unique taste to it, leading me to believe that it was derived from a bean other than chickpeas.I then received a salad with my entree that tasted very bland, topped with a cucumber yogurt sauce that was equally as flavorless. It didn't mesh well with the salad, forcing me to load it up with salt and pepper to give it some taste. I wish I had ordered the split-pea soup that my girlfriend got; it was chunky and creamy with a very strong taste of peas, and was great for dipping.The hummus and soup were complimented by the flatbread that gets brought out to every table. While it could have been better had they simply heated it up a bit, it still tasted great and brought out the flavors in the other dishes. It had a simple, yet unusual taste and texture, in a completely good way. I assume they added some spices in there to give it that extra taste.The only reason I wouldn't give Husnu's 5 stars is because my waitress was terrible at her job. I had to ask for my water to be refilled multiple times before it ever was, and went thirsty for most of my meal. The service was somewhat slow and she frequently neglected us, leaving dirty plates on our table for extended periods of time. It was busy, but not anything that a couple of sufficiently-talented waitresses couldn't handle. But I recognize that this was probably a fluke, and the food more than made up for it.So finally after a long but not intolerable wait, I received a plate loaded with lamb and rice that I couldn't wait to dig in to - the lamb pida (pita). The lamb was topped with a tomato-based sauce that was just as enigmatic as everything else at this restaurant, that tasted incredible both on the lamb and as a dip for the bread. It was a little sweet, a little spicy, and contained both the aforementioned yogurt sauce (which went much better with this plate) and sauteed onions fried exactly to the point where they were so perfectly caramelized that they tasted like candy. I would have been happy had they just served me a plateful of this sauce and nothing else.The rice pilaf, which can oftentimes be too dry or overloaded with extra grains at your run-of-the-mill Turkish restaurant, was instead perfectly spiced and cooked to a simple, fluffy yellow bed of rice that was wonderful both on its own and in combination with the meat or in a pita sandwich. The plate came with pita bread that was decent, but rather flimsy, so I just used the flatbread to make sandwiches and used the pita for dipping instead.Finally, the lamb. The lamb was everything that lamb should be at a Mediterranean restaurant. I haven't had lamb this good ever since my last visit to Cairo. There's an Egyptian Arabic word which I can't remember right now which refers to meat that has a perfect ratio of fat to muscle that gives it a soft, tender consistency. Well, it's exactly that. This lamb practically melted in my mouth like butter. All in all, I was extremely satisfied with my experience here and will definitely be coming back in the future. I wholeheartedly suggest this place to anyone who's thinking of going.
4	Solid. Portion sizes are moderate but very tasty. Prices are very reasonable.
4	Despite tough competition from similar restaurants on state street, Husnu's is probably the best Mediterranean option.  I went for the first time last week, and was very impressed with both the service and the food.We sat on the outdoor patio which was pleasant in the last days of summer and they started us off right with a basket of deliciously warm bread and dipping oil.  The bread wasn't anything special, but it did have some kind of mild spice that gave it some flavor and made it quite filling.  Both my girlfriend and I also had soup, so by the time the meal came out we were almost completely full (my only mistake here).The meals themselves were generous and well-rounded.  We tried the kabobs with rice and the chicken couscous, both of which were extremely tasty.  The couscous was perfectly cooked and well combo'd with the sauce from the slow cooker (or whatever they used to make the food so tender).Our waitress was polite and talkative, albeit a little slow at bringing out drink refills, but it was a nice night on state so we weren't really too bothered by it.  My only other gripe would be that the prices were a bit much, but you certainly got a good deal of food and there were a lot of menu options that sounded enticing.  I've had better Mediterranean food in other cities, but for Madison this is one of the better stops.
4	My wife and I stumbled on this restaurant for our last night in town and were only disappointed we hadn't found it sooner.  Great hummus and good local brews.  Service was friendly and prompt.
3	I went to Hunsu's again on a less busy night, and while the service had improved, the food had gone way down in quality. I once again ordered a lamb pita. The meat was no longer melt-in-your-mouth delicious, it was just in-your-mouth. It wasn't bad, but I could have found meat like this at any restaurant or chain anywhere else. The sauce was a travesty. I'd swear they just slapped a dollop of yogurt from a jar onto my pita, and that is what really made me leave disappointed.
4	Came here tonight, They customize orders if you are veggie, if the ones on the menu don't do it for you.. so I ordered a veggie raki plate ... the hummus was good// I'm not a fan of tabbouleh but it was good because there was not too much parsley in it .. The eggplant in the raki was semi undercooked, and spinach pie was yummy not soggy at all! The baklava was just ok, it would have been better but I think they refrigerated it  .. that was a negative ... I also had the turkish tea .. that was my first time trying it was really good... however my coworker noticed the server did not do the traditional show for serving the turkish tea ... a 360 swing of a tray they bring .. Over all not bad, a entree, appetizer and the tea came out to 17 bucks
3	I will keep going back, for sentimentalities sake... but that's a story for another time.  ;)I enjoy the atmosphere, nice indoor lighting and window seats offer a fun view of the busting sidewalk.  The menu is expansive, although it offers only two vegetarian entrees (Eggplant Parmesan and Vegetable Couscous).  Granted, there are soup / salad / appetizer options that are veg-friendly, but I would expect a few more full-size entree offerings as well.  The Veg couscous is good, but not fabulous.  I think it just needs a zestier sauce to kick it up a notch.  It does come with soup or salad, which is appreciated.  The service has been hit or miss, sometimes quite good and other times... just a bit odd.  For example, the last time we were there we ordered a bottle of wine.  The waitress brought the bottle (already uncorked) and set it next to me (and I wasn't the one who'd ordered it) along with two glasses (also both next to me).  She poured a taster amount in one of the glasses, set the bottle down, and walked away!  Hmm!  We had to just laugh because the whole thing was so odd.  Oh well!  I will chalk it up to her being new or untrained in wine service.  Not a huge deal, just funny.  At least the wine turned out to be quite good.  ;)
5	My favorite place to eat in Madison. Amazing Turkish food for very reasonable prices. Everyone I take here enjoys the meal, even if they've never eaten Mediterranean before.The Lamb Curry is to die for. I also enjoy the Turkish coffee.
4	Holy shitbees: best couscous I've ever had in my life. I wish I could just get a plate of the grain alone; the flavoring was just perfect.The service was great, food was great, restaurant interior was nice, albeit a little crowded. But if they're crowded, that must mean they're doing business and they're doing it good here. Place is pretty cheap for a reasonable-sized portion, too. The person I went out with said you could get the best halibut in town here for $10-ish.The only thing worth mentioning to me is that the chicken meat was a little dry and chewy, but had a good taste due to the tomato flavor from the sauce. I wish I could kick myself in the head for not trying this place sooner. Now I'm going to be craving that couscous all night.
5	Went there for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised to find that the food was incredible. You can tell it was fresh and homemade and authentic. I had the eggplant covered with yogurt sauce and it was amazing and the tabouli was the best I've ever had! It also came with yummy bread and the portions were big for the price. I would definitely eat here again!
4	Food was good. Too bad they were under staffed on Mother's Day when we were there.
3	I think this place is fine. My dining companions thought it was great. I think the food must just be too rich for me, because I thought everything seemed overwhelmed by sauces. (Perhaps I will return when it is less than 95 degrees out).They have both indoor and outdoor seating which is nice and the waitress is polite and efficient.A bit pricey for dinner.
5	Love the food - great kebabs! Especially lamb. Raspberry chicken dish - delicious. Service is excellent. Owner is devoted to the quality of food and enjoyment of customers. He is often there to greet customers! Great atmosphere - great music. Great hummus! Oh - and try the dumplings! yum yum!
2	We had heard people who love this place, so we tried it early on in our trip.I ordered the stuffed mushrooms as my dinner and my dining partner ordered the chicken parmesan.  The soup that came with the parmesan was good, and so was my mango lassi.  However, after about 30-40 minutes, the waitress brought my mushrooms and apologized that the kitchen lost the order and they were just putting in the chicken parmesan order then.  I ate the mushrooms, which were okay, but my dining partner canceled the chicken parmesan order and ended up having taco bell shortly thereafter.We never did go back - mistakes happen but it was not a good impression.
5	Husnu's is the real deal.  Though I only tried their deserts I was overjoyed to find perhaps the best home-made baklava I have ever tried.  It was not overly soaked in sugar, delicately flavored with cardamom and other yummy spices.  Husnu came out of the kitchen to greet us personally.  Then again, I was making a giant fuss about how awesome this baklava tasted and ordered a few portions to take back to Florida.  I was delighted to find that Husnu threw in a few extra 'ends' to round out my portion at no charge.  I was eating baklava for days.  Incidentally, it traveled very well and tasted great even after flying a thousand miles south.  My only regret is that I don't live in Madison and cannot get more of Husnu's amazing baklava.  The Turkish coffee is superb too!
2	The food was okay. Neither my friend nor I thought the food was very good. The service was terribly slow. It took a long time after we finished our meal to get the check and even longer to pay for it.
3	Had lunch here today and ordered the Tavuk Dolmasi(Tender chicken breast stuffed with spinach, mushrooms and feta cheese  with a choice of a raspberry-burgundy or a strawberry-mango sauce) It was served with rice pilaf and a salad. for $9.00.I thought it was good and a good value, would eat here again but would probably go with something less sweet and in a yougurt sauce.The location on State St makes it a fun place for people watching while enjoying a nice meal. The staff was friendly and attentive.
1	The only time I have ever gotten food poisoning, I got it here, while I was on vacation. I was sick for a day and a half, when I decided to try something different other than my beloved Kabul. Have never been back, and won't ever.
5	My favorite restaurant on State street. I only ever order two things, either the grilled trout or the lamb shank. Its best to go there during lunch because the food is basically the  same as dinner but costs less. Now that I've moved away from Madison, I really miss this place.
4	Delicious! Dinners were served with bread, soup or salad, and rice. I had the chicken cous cous, and the veggies were so good in the curry that I wished I had gotten the vegetable curry, but the chicken was very tender. The yellow lentil soup was really, really delicious and the bread served with olive oil was addictive; don't eat too much though, or you will have lots of leftovers. Also tried a kebab curry with beef that was delicious. The baklava is extremely fluffy and they don't douse it in honey, which is great. Definitely give it a try if you're looking for a restaurant downtown.
4	Yum.  The Mediterranean salad is great.  The eggplant parmesan is delicious and slightly non-standard--soupy like stew with little cheese.Eat out on the patio (during summer months, anyway) and people-watch.
3	I enjoyed Husnu's, though I do need to note that I enjoyed the food of the others in my party more than my own. The lamb shank was delicious! I ordered a dish with eggplant and yogurt, and it was good, but it was kind of greasy, and the yogurt became overwhelming. Our server was very nice, especially considering we had a group of 9 young adults. We got to sit outside, which was great for a summer evening.
4	Great for lunch.  I had a friend come down from Minneapolis and I thought this was a great place for her to get her veg on.  She got the borek, and I had the squash.I absolutely love yogurt on my food.  It probably has nothing to do with my name.
4	A solid Turkish place. They cover all the basics well. Quality ingredients, good sized servings, not expensive and hustling servers in a well-attended place.A fan, def!
3	This is a prime example of a place that was bomb.com when it opened, and now and influx of regional eats has made it lose some of its splendor. I still dig it though, not the ginger chicken which has an awkwardly bright color and little ginger taste, but the kabobs... oh man that chicken kabob is delish. I'll head back and explore more of the menu, and my hope is that you will too. The place has a quaint feel that's refreshing on State where something seems to open up every week. I like their style.
2	We stumbled upon this place after a game - was just looking for something tasty and warm. We were pretty disappointed. The place looks authentic and has an authentic feel, but when a menu has fettucini alfredo and chicken florentine on the menu, you know it's not going to be authentic. The lentil soup had little if any flavor. The cucumber yogurt sauce on my salad also had no flavor. For our main dishes, we got the lamb curry, and the asmali tabuk. The lamb curry was filling, but could have been easily make at home. The asmali tabuk was SO sweet! The idea of the dish sounds authentic, but was just crazy sweet. In the end, the restaurant atmosphere was good. We were cold and very hungry so it served it's purpose, but probably won't return there.
4	Very happy about my meal here. Might not have been the best service in town (in fact the waitress forgot our pita) or the most. Original kind of food, but it sure is pretty tasty and pretty authentic too.I had the grape leaves dolmas and BF had the lamb shank. I loved my dolmas! They had just the right degree of sour and the perfect amount of yogurt vs. red sauce. Pretty great! Only criticism I have is that the leaves were a tad too thick. Didn't get to try the lamb shank but BF seemed to like it! Rice was also good and I believe it might be more authentic than basmati which is and Indian rice...Oh and lentil soup was delicious! Just the right amount of spicy!Will go back to try some of the kebabs and other dishes!
2	Food is average. The Nile and Middle Eastern Cafe are much better.
4	Although I cannot speak to authenticity, I can speak to deliciousness. I highly recommend the Raki plate, especially the ispanakli borek, a spinach pastry--amazing! The four stars are due simply to service, which was unfortunately unattentive (almost to the point of avoidance). Definitely don't let that deter you though, because the food really was fantastic. And, ultimately, that's what we were looking for. This is a great place to try something new and be social with friends.
2	I come from a turkic background and I look the part so naturally I was greeted in Turkish by the owner (i think?). I'm thinking ok this is going to be a great place, very authentic.Boy oh boy was I wrong! Mom had the lab kewab, and I had the chicken. Priced very reasonably but I would have been willing to pay a bit more if that means that they can produce a high quality product. Mom said her meat was chewy and hard. I tried a piece and I agreed. My chicken was bland and had a weird texture. The rice which is usually so so tasty at middle eastern/turkish restaurants was so lackluster. Sorry Husnus but this food was not authentic in any way.
5	My wife and  I ate there twice, both times we were elated with the food,Acorn squash and chicken was Devine. And the baked trout was also superb. Prices are very good.
4	I eat here pretty regularly, and I absolutely love their soups!  All of them are delicious.  I have only had the curried vegetables (lunch option) and the vegetable couscous as entrees.  I was not very impressed by the curried vegetables- the curry was kind of bland.  The vegetable couscous is pretty good, but what keeps me coming back is definitely the soup.  The service is usually good, but sometimes worse on weekends when the restaurant is usually much busier.
4	I like this restaurant. Strategically located on State street, this restaurant is one of our favorites. My favorite ones are lambshank, lamb couscous and/or lamb pide. Lamb Pide is my first choice, as the price and the portion are reasonable. Their fish curry is close to my native food  taste, so I feel like I'm at home :), which is always some good feeling. I love spicy food, so I can handle it well, but for those who don't like it spicy, you better ask the server to customize it.  I always appreciate their service. The waiter/server is always nice. Come hungry as they'll provide you with some bread with their homemade olive oil, and some soup or salad prior to your main course. Unfortunately, I've never gotta try their dessert, as we're always having food coma from the appetizer and the main course. I would love to try their Baklava, some other time.
1	I can't speak for the food, I didn't try it.  My boyfriend and I planned to until the owners son insulted us.  My boyfriend was talking with him regarding Turkey, the food, culture, suggestions for what to order off the menu, etc.  It's like a switch was flipped and the son, Anan I think was his name, said my boyfriends ego was too high and he was fake.  To my surprise my boyfriend stayed calm, wondering what he'd done or said to make this guy insult him for no reason.  After stumbling on words, he denied ever saying the word "fake".  I interjected that he had, and as another service member I would never talk that way to a customer.  To this his reply was that my boyfriend influenced my thoughts, we were twisting his words and that I am trash.  He proceeded to yell at us as we walked away.The food may or may not be good.  If you'd like to support people like this, go ahead and try it.  I sure won't.
2	Food is decent. I ordered a stuffed trout dinner entree. Looks pretty good, a little bit cold. It was quite busy, which explains why they never fill up my glass of water until I'm done with the salad and half way through the trout. Oh, by the way I waited 15ish minutes between my trout and salad. Server never ask how is the food or anything. Salad is decent , bread is tasteless. For some reason all waitress wear short skirts. Is that some eye candies so we won't be piss on our food or service...? Waited another 10-15 minutes just to get the check...everything is in a slow motion..?Anyway, all these happened in a normal Saturday night. I'm not going to visit it again, until they fix the service part.
3	I had the lamb, hummus, and pita bread for dinner here. The meat was overly chewy and way under salted. It felt like I got a cheap piece of meat because it felt like I was eating gristle at times. The lighting was way too dark and tables much too close together for comfort. I understand that it would be a popular place to take a date, but I could not recommend this place for dinner when there are places nearby that would have a better atmosphere and better food.
3	Food was merely ok.  The bread was cold and our order came back wrong.  The Hommus was served over lettuce, which was weird to eat.  I would only eat here again if I had no choice.  I was surprised especially after all the positive reviews and    awards.
