5	I am visiting my in law for a week.  Yesterday my mother in law wanted to get her broken glass window replaced on the same day.  And that was a pretty good size window.Started calling window companies a little before 9am and a few companies did not answer or leave a message.  Another company said they do not repair window.  Call two more window companies, one said they could get someone to come out the next day between 1-4 pm.  Another company said they could have someone to between 3-5 that day.  Then my mother in law remembered M & M Glass company, and that she liked the company.  Looked them up on my iPhone map app, found A & M glass (in Phoenix) but M&M glass was not found.  She told me they were in Laveen.  Found them on yelp with the old location.  Called them, and we were very lucky that they were close by and was able to come within two hours.  Plus it so happened the glass that was broken was the glass they did carry with them on their truck.  Rick looked at the broken glass window and was able to figure what size of window needed to be cut without a ruler.  I was impressed.  Come to find out he had been working on windows for 30 years or so.  Rick and Larry went to work right away.  They got rid of the broken window glass, cut the big piece of glasses to smaller pieces and placed them in the recycling bin, replaced the glass, and they did not leave stuff for us to clean after - all within an hour or so time.  The pricing, I was very surprised how reasonable it was, for the service we had received, how fast it took, and the finishing work was good.Through out many encounters with handyman type of business people, this company is one of the most ethical business people I have ever had to worked with.  Because, to us, there were no messing around, no fuss, no game, but just straight forward and proud of their abilities and their workmanship.  They treated my mother in law right.They truly deserve this five star rating.
5	Rick was a cool as a mofo,Not only did he install the glass he helped me fix a few imperfections in my home when he saw my struggling w/ something. Can't thank Rick (M&M) enough. You the man Rick!, Master shower and front Sauna glass house looks awesome. I am going to tell everyone and their momma about you.
5	Rick was awesome. A bird broke my window and I needed it repaired quickly. He came at a convenient time and made time for me with very short notice. If I every need a window man in the future, he will definitely be my guy!
5	Outstanding service!  We thought a ceiling leak during recent storms  was caused by clerestory windows leaking near the roof line or by roof/ stucco issues.  Businesses were busy trying to respond to all the repair requests they were receiving.  It was challenging to get roof, glass and indoor drywall people out for help. Called M&M for help with the glass part of things and Rick was great - personable, professional, fair, very knowledgeable. We  will use M&M for future glass needs and not hesitate to refer the company to friends and neighbors.
5	Rick is not only a craftsman, but he is honest and trustworthy! I was quoted at almost $300 by 3 other glass companies for a broken pane in an older steel casement type window.  They said it was labor intensive and would take an hour and a half.  Rick repaired my window in 20 minutes and charged me $80.  I will call him anytime I have a need for glass repair or window replacement.
5	They replaced a glass door at our business that had to be special ordered.  Replaced promptly and efficiently.  M & M Glass will be our go to vendor for any glass work.
