1	the quality hotel dorval may have been a four star hotel at one time (i'm guessing some time in the late 80s early 90s judging from the decor), but when we were forced to stay here due to a delayed flight, we received the worse service, and that would be from the manager. do not stay here if you can help it.we were given vouchers from the airlines for hotel stay, dinner & breakfast. the woman at the front desk made a big deal about us taking two rooms since the meals were 1 per room (even though she ended up writing the same room number on all meal vouchers). that seemed very odd, but maybe it was a way for them to make more money. we didn't care either way, but lucky we did because one of the rooms had a broken thermostat, which meant the heater wouldn't come on. with the high being 9F in a snowy montreal night, it was chilly in the room. plus, the rooms were right across from the elevators, where we could hear the noise of people coming and going. it was after 1pm when we checked in, and the second (warmer room) was not ready yet, so we dropped our stuff off, and went for lunch in the bar, the only thing open at that time contrary to the information on their site. the food was ok--typical average rate hotel food. we realized we would have maybe 20-30 min for breakfast since we had an early flight, and the front desk clerk told us breakfast didn't start until 7am, and the shuttle to the airport only ran on the half hour, so we tried to use the breakfast voucher for lunch, unsuccessfully. they had strict policies about that. our room still wasn't ready after lunch, so we sat in the cold room until around 4pm, when they finally finished cleaning. oh, and the old mini-fridges in the room are empty, so don't think about bottled water or snacks. we also felt kind of trapped here since it's adjacent to the freeway, and there's not much else around within walking distance except for subway.we were up early and waited in front of the cafe the next morning to get our quick breakfast only to find out after standing around for 20 min that they didn't open until 7:30a. when we talked to the front clerk, who turned out to be the manager, about it, he was a complete jerk. in an aggressive tone he asked if we believed in human error, meaning the woman told us the incorrect time for when the cafe opened. then he refused to discuss it, saying he was the manager so there was no one to talk to. sure, mistakes happen, but the way he handled the situation was horrible.
1	Well, when your flight gets canceled, they don't really give you a choice of hotels so I ended up here. Room is decent. Old but clean. TV doesn't work well, heater is loud. Food was awful, I had to wait for an hour to get a simple wrap. As I mentioned, it's the pick when you don't have another option.
5	Love this place:  for the friendly service, wide range of amenties - including lap pool, sauna, jacuzzi, exercise room, reliable wiFi, shuttle busses to a variety of places - and gourmet food in the lovely lounge... did I mention extremely helpful people?  I wanted to explore Montreal and they gave me a map, exchanged my cash for Canadian, ordered the hotel shuttle to take me downtown and told me what busses to take to get places I wanted to visit.  Felt like I had a grand tour from the front desk before I left.  It made visiting Montreal really easy & took the burden of navigating a new city off my shoulders.  I had such a nice time here in such comfort.  And the price is right.  Definitely give it a try!!
1	Horrible!!  If you want to be picked up and dropped off by a timely shuttle to the airport look elsewhere!  Rooms a dingy and gross.
