5	Cory has repaired several iPhones/iOS devices through Icracked for me. Always professional and speedy service and my devices work perfectly afterwards! They look as if they were never broken! He even comes to me or will meet me in the middle to pick up my device. It is usually returned to me same day as well. It doesn't get better than that!
5	Picked up,fixed,and delivered all in one day ,great service
5	I really can't believe this just happened. Within two hours of my daughter cracking the screen on her iPhone she had a new one installed in our home on a Sunday night for about half of what it would have cost to get it done at the Apple store - a place I dread going to. Thanks, Cory!
5	Great service!
5	UPDATE- I LOVED my experience with this company and my repairs so much that I now work for them! They have the great customer service, reliability and quality of work that I really appreciate and wanted to be a part of! I am very excited to have joined the icracked family!
5	Cory was extremely prompt, professional and did a great job to boot!  I couldn't be happier with the job he did, and really appreciate him letting me know about their buy back system as well.  I wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	Scheduling was easy...cory is courteous,on time,efficient, knowledgeable, professional. I will definitely contact him again for any repairs.
5	Cory met me in the mall and repaired my phone on site in a matter of minutes.  If you are busy during the day and need your phone fixed correctly the first time, efficiently- call Cory at Icracked.
1	Don't go here for your repair. They state that they warranty their products and services but if you are like me then they will fix your screen but screw up your graphics board and then leave you hanging to pay to fix it yourself. The problem wasn't their prior to the repair even with the cracked screen so I can only assume that they caused it when the screen was repaired. I feel bad leaving a bad review because Ryan the tech was great but the management team will not do what is right for the customer and fix the issue they caused. Avoid the hassle and go somewhere else for your repairs.
3	I am providing an update on the screen repair on behalf of the Tech Ryan.  In the end the company did replace the iPhone with a similar model in similar condition.  It was not something that was offered up front and Ryan was really good about doing everything in his power to make sure that the issue was resolved.  Would I use iCracked again?  I don't know, But I do honestly believe that Ryan, the Tech, is a good tech and will take care of you as a customer.  I can't honestly give more than 3 stars for the process but if I could give Ryan a rating on him and his service then it would be 5 stars.
1	Rather disappointed. After a week of back and forth texts which included the request for me to contact the employee on a separate line and a reduced fee after no appointment was made, my appointment request was denied because I was out of the employee's boundaries. Note: my location was given when the original request was made. The employee recommended that I start over the process with a different employee in my area.  I found a different provider instead, and while I had to drive to them I received great service at a reasonable rate. (Yelp states closed but I just dealt with them last week)
