4	What could be better than some live blues music at the Springs Preserve?  How about throwing in 30-some breweries for samples?When we first entered The Springs, we were provided with a small tasting glass (basically a big shot glass) and a map detailing where the different breweries were located on the grounds.  We also got a little spray bottle of Evian water to cool us off while we were walking around. Then it was off to the tents!  The breweries were spread out and it was nice to casually walk around The Springs while grabbing a sample here and there to try.  There were even a couple of ciders and poor Lee's Discount Liquor was there with some wine that no one was interested in.  There were a few areas serving food, but I didn't get a good look at what was available.  I saw some hot dogs, soft pretzels, and a food truck...Honestly, I was too busy looking for Hefeweizen to pay attention to the food.  There were several booths around The Springs to purchase bottles of water.  Everyone workings was super friendly, even after being in the hot sun for four hours.Despite the fact that my husband and I were only able to attend for the last hour, we still managed to get in a lot of samples and hang out in the lawn and listen to Ronnie Baker Brooks (who was awesome, by the way).  The entrance fee is definitely worth the price if you are here the entire afternoon.One of my complaints is that it was H-O-T.  I know they can't control the weather, but I really think the festival would be better off a month prior or sometime in the fall.  Or, at the very least, start it a couple hours later.  I can't imagine how uncomfortable I would have been if we had gone right when it opened at 4 and stayed the entire time.The other complaint is that there were so many drunk people and I really worried about everyone's safety driving home.  Not really sure how they could fix this problem, but it seems like there should be something set up to prevent drunk attendees from getting in a car.  I saw one police car in the Meadows Mall parking lot (overflow parking), which I guess is better than nothing.Overall, we had a great time hanging out with some friends and enjoying the beer and music.  I will definitely be back again next year.
1	No thanks. This event was an opportunity to view trashy people in their natural habitat. Mediocre music (I'm being charitable.), some decent beers and a bunch of over-tattooed guys and duck-faced girls posing...trying to show all of Facebook just how cool they are. Pass.
5	Great event!The only real problem is the time if the year. It's a little too hot, but I'm rating the event and not the weather.This is by far one of the best Las Vegas beer festivals because of the location. It's nice to get a beer from a tent and then walk around before coming up on another tent. You really get to enjoy the beer at that point. The scenery at the Springs Preserve is something to enjoy as well.Blues entertainment goes on through the whole event. That part of the amphitheater is set up right next to a bunch of beer tents, which makes it nice to be able to grab a beer and then sit down on a blanket to listen to some music.There is plenty of beer at this festival and many tents, so no real fear of long lines and empty cups. It can be difficult to navigate the beer map if you have never been to the Springs Preserve; however, that's part of the adventure. Many of the local breweries bring out some special beers or beers made just for the festival which make for some unique offerings.There are different food spots located around the fest---whether it's a restaurant booth, a food truck, or some standard vendor BBQ. One word of advice, HYDRATION!!!!! It's hot and there is great beer, but drink tons of water
