4	Great joint.  Nice, clean and, what else can you say, it is DAIRY QUEEN!
4	I agree with Roland and Karl, hey it's Dairy Queen! What can you say about it? We were in the area and wanted a little sweet treat after dinner. I can't remember the last time I've been to a DQ. Maybe 6 years ago? I love that they have a mini blizzard size. I got the mint oreo and my husband got the pumpkin pie. Yum!
5	like my wife said (and the only other 2 reviewers), Hey, it's Dairy Queen. so tasty and refreshing when it's 100 degrees out. thing about dairy queen is they go to an area where there's no other fast food and they dominate! i had the pumpkin blizzard which was extremely delightful. since we had to wait longer than like 5 minutes, they comp'd us a medium instead of the mini we ordered. my gal got the mint oreo but i didn't try it because i was gluttonizing in my own frosty treat.
5	I love a good old DQ cone every once in a while. Sure they cost more than Mickey D's cones but no where as good. I went to this place couple days ago and the temp was 108F! When I saw the DQ down the hill I just had to stop and grab a dip cone. My daughter and I first had to make a potty break. The bathrooms were clean but just showed age of wearing. We went to the counter and ordered our cones. The cones were perfect! The manager misunderstood my daughter's order but without any issue quickly gave her a new cone. The manager was very friendly and nice. I am glad I stopped here because reminded me of playing baseball as a kid and went to DQ after the game.
3	Place is alright. The blizzards are really good, especially the Oreo one. I also love the French fries here. The service in the drive thru can be annoyingly slow sometimes but it's worth the wait when craving ice cream late at night.
1	Owner was very rude and mean when I asked if they can make ice cream sodas.  Customer service was very poor.  Will not stop at this dairy queen again.
2	Very rude people except 1 girl that was new. Hope the other attitudes don't role off on her!  Any way sorry that I asked for the rest of my order!  The look and attitude was ridiculous.  Also the boy that took my order was rolling his eyes like I was waisting his time.  Sorry. What happened to customer service.  I work in the customer service industry and I would make some changes up front.  Food was good for Dairy Queen tho!
