2	We tried this spot based on the 1 review posted. The restaurant had a lot of promise. It is really nice and clean inside with lots of natural light. The booth was comfortable. The food and service however left us disappointed. We were there for lunch on a Saturday. There was a lunch menu though we weren't offered one and didn't realize it until we had already ordered off of their more expensive dinner menu. We started with the egg rolls with pork. They arrived relatively quickly. They were tasty but they didn't have pork. The server never checked back with us and didn't bother to ask if we enjoyed them when she cleared the plate. For entrees we ordered ground pork lettuce wraps and drunken noodles with chicken. The plates looked good. The drunken noodles were decent. The flavor was there but for $10 we usually like to have some left over to take home. The portion in this case was rather skimpy especially since this was supposed to be a dinner portion. The pork lettuce wraps were poor. They weren't lettuce wraps. It was ground pork atop a bed of lettuce which made pulling the individual leaves out a bit awkward. The flavor profile was extremely lacking. They could have used a bit of acid. There were lots of herbs and without any balance in acid or sweetness, the flavor was rather bitter.  Again our server never checked back to see if we were enjoying our food. At the end of the meal, we placed our cards on the table. The server promptly took them and ran them and did not present us with an itemized bill.In sum, for the price go up the street to Tottie's. The food is consistently good there. This place looks good on paper but didn't deliver; at least for us.
4	Extremely good food! The most important thing for me in a restaurant.  Many people talk about ambience, decor, etc but to me the food takes precedence and that's what I like about this place. The food is authentic and even though a couple of dishes do pander to the local taste (read Pad Thai) most of them are authentic, unique and very reasonably priced. I ordered the whole fried tilapia in a special sauce (sweet and spicy) and it was delicious! The best Thai dish I've had in the Scottsdale area for sure. I look forward to going back and trying a couple of other dishes as well.
5	I have spent a lot of time in Laos and Thailand.  My wife is Laotian.  In our household we eat about 50% Lao and 50% western cuisine.  When we heard about a new Lao Thai restaurant, we were enthusiastic to try it out.  The food is clean, fresh and very good.  The presentation is better than most Lao restaurants I've seen in the US.  The menu is as authentic as you can make it and still have western customers - meaning, there will be no tendons, intestines or feet.  Learn a little about Lao cuisine by going to Lao Thai;  it's the real thing.Personally, I will return there again and again - anytime we don't feel like cooking but still want our Southeast Asian comfort food.
4	Sweaty and hungry after a post-work run at the Tempe Town Lake, I was already tired of Mexican food even though I've only been in town for two days. I didn't want to stray too far from my hotel (work to do) and so I fired up my trusty BlackBerry app to see what was around me. But before I could check the results I saw Lao Thai and decided to pull in the parking lot and see what my PHX Yelp peeps had to say. Although the restaurant was almost empty and the area a bit sketchy, it sounded promising and I went on in. The woman behind the counter was immediately welcoming and sensed that I wanted a to-go order (was it the sweaty tank top, shorts, and running shoes that gave me away?). I perused the menu and decided to order my old stand-by -  Pad Ga Prau with Chicken. She asked me if I wanted the chicken sliced or ground, which was nice, as I really prefer sliced. A few minutes later my food was ready and I sped back to the hotel, barely able to wait any longer to chow down. Even in a takeout container, the food was nicely presented. The sauce felt really light, not oliy, and the flavor was exactly what I expected from a good Pad Ga Prau. They gave me WAY too much rice so I ended up throwing half of it away, but I found the chicken/veggie portion to be perfect. I don't feel like I can give it a five star as it didn't knock my socks off, but I would be open to it if I were to find myself here once again and trying some additional dishes.
4	Great new restaurant.  I really love the inclusion of pumpkin/squash in dishes, and a few other menu items I haven't seen before.  Very friendly staff, quick service, comfortable atmosphere.  We had the spicy pumpkin with basil, and drunken noodles.  Plenty of crunchy vegetables, and high quality meat.  I definitely will be returning!
4	I eat a lot of Thai food; this place is definitely one of my favorites.  Why? Cause it's right down the street from me and the closest Thai restaurant around.  However, it's not to say it's not good; it's excellent.  I like the small and local own restaurants that have great food.  From the outside it doesn't look like much, matter fact it looks like some dive Thai food place, but inside they have a pretty nice setup.  I always gage Thai food by their Drunken Noodles - don't know why, but love it!  Recommendation and thumbs up for this place :)
4	Now that I've done "take-out" a few times and eaten-in once, I can officially say that I'm a huge fan of this place.In my handful of experiences with Lao Thai, I've had the following dishes:-fresh rolls -house salad with peanut dressing-stir-fry eggplant-ultimate asparagus-garden delight-pad cee-ew-drunken noodles-pad woon-senI've enjoyed them all, but the eggplant may be my favorite.  It's actually better than the eggplant at Tottie's and I'm a huge Tottie's fan!  The portions are really big, and I've found everything to have a ton of flavor.  I especially like that when you get take out, you get side containers of hot sauce to spice everything up as much as your little heart desires.Ann, the owner, is extremely sweet - I spoke to her for awhile during my last visit when I did take-out.  She told me they've got a website coming soon, and I noticed that on the menu she gave me, it says "we deliver" on it... I'll have to try that sometime.  Another bonus? They are open on Sundays!I think I may have been Thai in a past life... I love Thai food and could eat it every day if given the chance.  While the restaurant itself lacks character, it's clean, and I found the service to be attentive.  If you cannot tell from this review, I'm super excited to have another quality Thai restaurant close to home.
2	Not bad.  We moved to AZ from Bangkok and my wife is Thai and a superb cook to boot, so we're kind of a tough crowd as far as Thai food goes.  Most of the Thai food we've had in Arizona has been absolutely dreadful.  This wasn't that bad, but it's not all that special either.  When we saw the Yelp! reviews of this new restaurant we were anxious to check it out.  Lao food is also the food of Issan, as northeastern Thailand is called (where the people are mostly ethnically Lao or Khmer). Anyway, Lao/Issan food is kind of like the soul food of Thailand - down home, earthy, super spicy and very delicious.  Also very hard to find anywhere in the States outside of L.A. or Vegas.  We scanned the menu for a long time searching for the Lao/Issan component but that did not appear to exist.  We asked the waitress - who couldn't speak Thai by the way - where the Lao food was and she said it was "all mixed in."  Uhmmm... okie dokie.  Basically, it's all 100% Thai food.  (As was every single other thing in the restaurant). Not that there's anything wrong with that, but we were kind of geared up for some nice spicy Lao food.  That wasn't going to happen.The menu is a pretty standard Thai-American menu. Sadly, there wasn't even one of the classic Lao/Issan dishes.  Just the usual stuff.We opted for the Drunken Noodles (Pad Kee Mao) and Yam Woon Sen, both traditional Thai dishes.   Both were okay, by American standards, not particularly spicy, even though we had ordered them that way.  Neither dish had fresh chilis.  The Yam Woon Sen was more of a laab with woon sen noodles but it was alright.  The Drunken noodles were okay.  Again, not nearly as spicy as they should be.  That little four-jar condiment tray isn't some Lao-Thai innovation, that's a "kreung prung," a standard Thai noodle shop item that's found on every table in Thailand.  It's supposed to supplement the fresh chilis in a dish, not supplant them.  The dishes need to have fresh chilis cooked in them as well, not just crushed dried chilis added on top.The real problem is that honest-to-goodness Thai food just isn't acceptable to Americans - too salty, too sour, too fishy, too spicy - so it can only survive in communities like LA or Vegas where there is enough of a Thai population to support it with exclusively Thai patrons.Anyway, big portions, although a tad expensive with virtually everything on the menu over $10.  If you're hungry and in the neighborhood it's okay, but I wouldn't make a special trip.If you really want to have traditional Thai food, your best bet is to get invited to one of the Thai temples on a festival day, when all the older Thai women bring home-cooked food.
5	Amazing authentic Lao/Thai food. Based  on years of eating in North Eastern Thailand and Laos, this  is as good as it gets.  The curries with pumpkin are exceptional.  The chicken "laap" is outstanding and the waiter kindly brings extra lettuce leaves to cup the "laap" in.  The sticky rice is hot, fresh and  served very "handily" (Pardon the pun).Service is gracious and excellent. Soon Lao-Thai will have a beer/wine license and one need not travel to Laos to enjoy Lao beet along with  the best of Lao cuisine.
5	Yummy! Don't let the location deter you, Lao Thai has great food! The drunken noodles are delish, as is the coconut soup!
3	Not terrible.  I got the drunken noodles and pad thai.  Not the best, but not the worst.  Maybe I'll try them again and update my review...
3	I will start by saying that I love Thai, but likely what I enjoy is the Americanized Thai that doesn't burn my esophagus while going down or make me shoot fire..that being said I have one measuring stick against which I measure all other Thai restaurants.  It is Malees on Main.  If the food doesn't measure up to their delectable dishes, I will not bother to write about it.  So, in order for me to write a review there really has to be something that stands out for me.  Below are listed Lao Thai's pros:The first page is a menu of common Thai ingredients, such as lemongrass, kaffir lime, curry, and garlic.  This glossary introduces you to the therapeutic effects of each ingredient, primarily on the digestive tract ;)The meal choices are seemingly endless, with page after page of curries, house specialties, varying meat and rice dishes, as well as vegetarian and vegan.Unique to this restaurant are the assortment of fresh fruit or young coconut smoothies for under $5.  The mango smoothie is perfect for pairing with spicy foods.I order Thom Ka Gai at every Thai restaurant, and honestly they don't compare to what Malees has to offer...but their soup had a nice balance of kaffir lime, galangal root, lemongrass, and coconut milk.  With juicy white chicken meat, it is a good appetizer before selecting your entree.The average dish is about $10, and the servings are generous and served family style to share.  I loved the selection of curries, and ordered the Yellow Curry.  This is as simple as Thai dishes get, with potatoes, carrots, and chicken.  It was curious to me that the server did not promp for level of spice, and accordinly everyone's dishes came out tasting quite mild - but that is what the chili paste on the table is for.  I prefer the fresh chilis and chili sauce at Malees and being able to request how mild or hot I would like my dish prepared.But I digress...the curry was very good, but not overwhelming. The menu selection here is vast and plentiful, the prices are very reasonable, service is attentive and friendly, the restaurant is tastefully decorated with Thai art, and the space is open and clean.  It is not an overwhelming restaurant, nor does it underwhelm.  As I mentioned before, it doesn't measure up to my measuring stick - otherwise I would be more generous with the accolades.
5	Incredible food, great service!! I would also add and while this is not always important... The restrooms are always spotless!!  Great place look forward to eating here more in the future.
4	I got the Pad Sew-ee with chicken and my husband ordered the Spicy Fried Rice with Shrimp. It was all good, not the best Thai, but good. The Pad Sew-ee was better the next day. The waitress was friendly. The prompt service bumped them up from a 3 star to a 4 star. In all honesty, I'd probably go back even though they don't have a liquor license yet.
4	I don't know if I would say Lao Thai is a great Thai restaurant, but i would definitely say Lao Thai is a great restaurant that happens to serve Thai food. The atmosphere is relaxed, the service is fast and friendly, and the past 2 times I was there they were rockin some pretty awesome 80's jams. They have an impressive menu, with plenty of vegetarian options and I thoroughly enjoyed my red curry, even though it wasn't very spicy.
4	Fantastically flavorful food. Pretty modest interior and great service. We will be back.
3	Aren't there enough offerings of spicy green and yellow curries to go around the Phoenix metro? The owners of the new Lao Thai in Scottsdale don't seem to think so.Located in an older nondescript shopping center along Scottsdale Road, the well-kept space won't win any design awards. But we're not here for fabric choices, we're here to eat.With just more than 100 items on the menu, there were some tough choices to be made on each of my visits with friends sharing dishes family style.When our server brought out a plate full of crispy golden Fried Egg Rolls ($5.50), I immediately lit up. Along side was a bowl of sweet chili sauce, but my eye was more on the accompanied chili tray. Four containers each had a different chili preparation -- a smoky dried chili powder, pickled Thai chiles in fish sauce, chili paste and a fiery chili oil. If you love the heat, then stick to the pickled chiles, they nearly knocked me over.I was intrigued when I read the description for the In-Law Eggs ($6.95), essentially a deep fried, meat stuffed hard-boiled egg. I enjoyed the crispy shell and the chewiness of the egg. After a topping of a heaping helping of chili, I found it strangely addictive.Beef Salad ($12.95) is another one of those dishes that is served at pretty much every Thai place. Lao Thai's version was spot-on with its tender smoky meat laden with chili, lime and lemon grass. By contrast, the Chinese Broccoli and Chicken ($10.95) was so watery and bland the plate sat nearly full through the entire meal.Another Thai mainstay is the Drunken Noodles ($9.95), which you can find pretty much anywhere. Without a drop of alcohol, the name refers to how much you'll be drinking to stop the heat. We ordered this dish mild and then applied our own heat individually. The only thing that would have made this dish better would have been an ice-cold beer.For something unique, toward the back of the menu for there's a section labeled Barbecue. Sticking with the basics, we tried the Thai BBQ Pork ($10.95) and the Thai BBQ Chicken ($10.95). I'm a huge pork lover, but I was turned off by the gaminess on the first bite. The chicken, however, made up for this. The strips of chicken breast had a great smoky flavor and were so tender you could cut them with a fork. Served with a huge steaming bowl of jasmine rice there's little else you need, except maybe some more chile.With my mouth still on fire, I have to agree with the owners of Lao Thai: There can never be enough Thai restaurants.
5	I eat here probably 3 times a week. Always great. The people are wonderful and gracious. I suggest the lunch specials for $7.50 including drink. Spicy green beans, pad thai, and yellow curry are my favorites!
4	Being a local of south scottsdale as well as a bartender of a local establishment, I am a fan of supporting local businesses. I was quite anxious when I observed an "Old " restaurant closing with the hopes of a "Newer" fresher place. Much to my delight  Lao Thai has arrived. I believe the first week they had opened my beau and I had dined in/tookout 3 times. We have since that time not missed a week without our Lao Thai fix. As you can expect I meet alot of people, and I am a huge advocate of spreading the word around. I personally have never lived in Thailand nor have I  a pretensious foodie degree. I just know this place is immaculate, the staff is fast and friendly, the food is fresh and delish, it is close to my home and job. I love this place so much that I am currently on a VERY rigid diet until mid October with a buddy of mine and part of the wager for this diet is........Looser must buy dinner @ None other than Lao Thai!!! Wish me Luck~
5	I was pleasantly surprised! The restaurant is in scottsdale but in a slightly seedy area. But inside, Lao has a nice ambiance. The service was good. Try the pumpkin curry!!!! One of the best curries I have had in my life. Order it spicy!!!!
3	Having tried almost all the Thai places in the area, I have ventured north to south Scottsdale where I have heard of a new Thai restaurant. After completing our biannual shopping trip to Penzey's, my mother and I wanted to get lunch and picked out the first place we drove by that sounded good. Although my eating there was somewhat of a happy accident, the food was average. Keep in mind I am a stickler for curry and spiciness, and always order the same dish everywhere so I can find the best place for it. My Thai dish is Massaman Curry, a yellow-esque curry with potatoes, onions, and whatever meat you choose. It has a distinct cinnamon flavor that I crave, so I always order it at Thai restaurants. Apparently I have been pampered by other Thai places, but when I got my curry, it was not spicy AT ALL. Be sure to specify that you want it spicy, because otherwise it will not be the same. My mother ordered the Thai Spare Ribs, which were incredible. I would highly recommend them.
5	I've been here three Sunday's in a row now!  I don't know what it is about the Thai Food here!  Wait I know.. The Food is Great!  I am a curry person so my focus here are curry dishes.  They have this Pumpkin Curry dish that is super cool!  For my Spicy Friends - Yes, they can make it very spicy but you need to ask for it.  Typically the server will ask how hot you want it.  For me just a little hotter that Thai Hot is perfect.  For my Mom, totally mild and they are to make it mild.If you haven't had Thai Food then go Here, First!  Order a Thai Iced Tea get the Pad Thai dish (if you like noodles) and just Enjoy!
5	We eat here alot. Everything that we have tried, which has been most of the menu,  has been delicious. The staff is very friendly and welcoming.
4	Love this place!  I definitely love getting take out from here.  My usual includes all the different curries.  But my favorite is the Thai Chicken and Coconut Milk soup.  They will also make dishes off the menu and the staff always offers suggestions.  They add the perfect amount of spicy!  If you love Thai then this is your place.
4	It's hard to not give a place a 4, when they have decent wine priced at $4/glass! It's not the best Thai food I've ever had, but I definitely enjoyed it! We started off with the egg rolls, which were good, and then I had the pumpkin curry with tofu for dinner, which was excellent!  It was a bit spicy, but I was able to cool my mouth off with some yummy pineapple/coconut ice cream afterwards, so not to worry =).  Lao is definitely worth a try, just make sure you emphasize MILD if you are going to try the red curry, because it was kickin!
5	I have been lacking in Yelp Reviews lately, but after the 10th time my sister and I have been here after discovering this place a couple of months ago.....she said outloud, "Yelp this place, I would be so upset if it closed!!"I believe it has been opened for less than a year, the only drawback is although the place is nicely decorated it is maybe a bit depressing inside and no patio dining, so I suggest takeout if this is important to you.I recommed the Chicken Pumpkin Curry and House Peanut Salad....So Fresh and So Good.
5	We are a vegetarian family and while this restaurant also has a wide variety of meat dishes, they are always more than accommodating to our needs. The folks who work here are so friendly and helpful. They clearly enjoy their restaurant as much as we do.Don't forget to ask for the spice rack! Yum. This restaurant is so clean and pretty, a special place to take a break from cooking dinner during the week to come and relax. The vegetable soup is especially satisfying during the recent cold snaps we've been experiencing. Nothing quite like a nice hot bowl of delicious soup on a rainy day. The pot of green tea and/or jasmine tea is a perfect way to stay warm! Awesome curry and tofu!I hope you're in the hood for a long time Lao Thai! I'll be visiting often.
3	I was very disappointed with TomYum from Malees's up the street so I wanted give this place a try. I was pleasantly surprised to how good it was compared to Malee's soup. On the other hand the pepper steak was less than impressive. I know this isn't a traditional Thai food. The beef was over cooked. Still, much better than the dish I had from Malee's.
5	I felt like I was back in Hollywood, where they have Thai Town.  Thai Town has some of the best quality Thai food in the United States.  There are many restaurants and the best part, dishes are like $5-7/plate.  Lao Thai is the closest thing in AZ to authentic Thai food.  The best part is that prices are very similar to Thai Town food.  I have been here various times, and I have gotten all sorts of dishes.  I have gotten the Mint Leaf Chicken(Pad Kra Pow Gai), Chicken Lime Salad (Larb Gai), Pad Thai, Panang Chicken Curry, Pineapple Fried Rice, Tom Yum Gai Soup, and much more.  They have very good white meat chicken, and they do not charge extra for it.  I took a couple girls on dates to this restaurant, both who have never tried Thai food before.  They loved it because the inspiring flavors entering their tongues.The service staff is really friendly and remember me by name.  The restaurant is very clean and well maintained.  If you feel the spice is too much, you have a Dairy Queen next door to cool you down. :)
4	I've only had lunch here, but I am impressed. I ordered Tom Yum, even though it wasn't on the lunch menu. The wait staff was attentive but not overbearing. Then again, my friend and I were the only ones there at an odd lunch time of  2-something. The choices looked tasty, but Tom Yum is my go-to at any Thai place. My friend ordered green curry, and she said it was delicious. The Tom Yum had the usual mushrooms, carrots and lemongrass flavoring. This one also had some peppers and broccoli added. I ordered rice with it, and everything was very tasty and the spice was just right. Also the price was just right. I was expecting a $10-12 meal ticket, and they only charged $4.95 for the soup & rice!
4	Now this... is some pretty tasty Thai.  It's actually the best Thai that I've had in the Phoenix area so far.  Also, the lunch specials are great.  Lunch for my girlfriend and me was well under $20... and we both liked our food a lot!My noodles were perfectly cooked, veggies still had some crunch to them and meat was well proportioned and tender.   I'll be back to try more dishes some day soon!See ya there!
1	I cannot fathom why anyone thinks this is good thai....nothing fresh about anything we ate, and in fact, I was sick (literally) after eating here. Guess I"m spoiled from eating authentic thai in Hawaii all the time, but this is a big thumbs down.Lukewarm spring rolls, a soup that was not close to hot, and miss-the-mark entree's...me no likey....
2	They have no happy hour!!The iced tea had a strange flavor to me.Pumpkin Curry was hard to rate.  I loved the yellow curry sauce.  The pieces of pumpkin were cut to small and not great.  The tofu pieces were cut small and funky and tasted blah.  My friend ordered the vegetables delight that the waitress was highly recommending.  My friend thought it was boring and was disappointed.The service was TERRIBLE!  The waitress was watching TV and never even came to pick up the bill so we could pay.  Eventually I put my debit card away and left the cash we had... meant the waitress got almost no tip.Hard review.  The curry was good.  I hope your overall experience is better than mine.  I would give this place another try.
4	drunken noodles are amazing!! spring rolls and curry if you love thai you wont be disappointed, will definitely be coming back!
5	Amazing...and they deliver.
5	Lao Thai deserves 5 stars cause it's that good! As a Laotian I know what Lao food should taste like. As I was visiting Arizona from California I drove passed Lao Thai on my way to my resort. I yelped it to see the reviews and thought I'd give it a shot. Glad I did cause this place is BOMB! A homecooked meal away from home! I ate here 2 days in a row! :)
3	I've tried lowering my expectations when trying new places so I won't be disappointed, but this place was pretty good. I had the egg rolls with pork and yellow curry chicken. Nothing was exceptionally good or bad. We don't live in Scottsdale, but when we're in the area again we will pay them a visit.
3	Not gonna go there claiming this is just as good as Thaitown in Hollywood, I have yet to find a Thai resto in Phoenix that's on the same level as Sanamluang Cafe in Thaitown anywho had the veggie eggrolls and got myself an order of pork curry fried rice. Both were average, nothing spectacular. egg rolls were lacking alot of filling, it was more pastry roll, as for the curry fried rice it was okay. Service was quick, and owner was very nice. Overall an ok experience.
5	I had to take my car to Scottsdale Lexus for service when Lao Thai caught my eye. I yelped it and reviews convinced me to stop. I usually hit noodles ranch when I'm over this way but wanted to branch out. I'm so happy I did! Absolutely loved my lunch here! I love veggies and chicken and spicy food, so I ordered Tge garden delight with chicken and asked to make it spicy. It was so freaking good I texted my man to make him jealous to ensure my return to this place. I like it HOT and was thrilled to see the four different kinds of chili paste they brought to the table. Some of the best and hottest I have had. I was in heaven! The weekly lunch special comes w soup and eggroll for like $7.95 or something. It was alot of food for few bucks. Can't beat that! I can't wait to return!
4	This is so good.  Had the Pho-two different times.  Handy cuz it is right next to the auction house.  The condiment tray with Thai peppers soaked in fish sauce are the highlight.  Give zest to anything on the menu.  Love this food.  Service is very good too.  Friendly and helpful.
4	This place is great! The food is delicious, the service is fast and the atmosphere is quaint. I have a feeling I'll be a regular!
1	I took my girl to this place and ended up having the yellow curry with beef.   The dish was soupy, the beef was chewy and overall the flavor wasn't that great,,  If your looking for Thai there are much better ones out there than this place.
1	UPDATE:Went in for a bowl of Pho, watied 30 mintues, walked out.  When I notified them how long I had been waiting they magically found my food and offered to make it to go.  They should have comped it after a 30 min wait.  I am never going back.
3	Someone mentioned that this place doesn't look like much from the outside and boy, are they right. The plaza it is located in looks so old and deserted it made me question for a hot second whether to get out of the car. Luckily, Lao Thai is located in the corner of the building closest to the street and had a big sign advertising their lunch special for $7.95 so we marched on. The inside of the place is the complete opposite of the exterior - it's done up nicely with lots of tables and a spacious feel. There were many other lunchers there but not overly crowded to the point of uncomfortable. The variety of lunch specials available was a nice surprise but the hubs and I ordered our typical Thai faves: HIM-pad thai; ME: yellow curry. The food was brought to us fairly quickly, was decent in flavor and good on price. We splurged a bit and treated ourselves to their coconut ice cream for dessert - a great choice for the taste buds but my hips will surely regret it later. I noticed some reviews mention spotty service but we didn't experience any of that today. The girls working the cash register, taking our order and serving the food were all super pleasant and sweet. We thought service was pretty darn quick and we were both starving (almost to the point of grumpiness) by the time we arrived so that's saying something. I don't know if it's different at dinnertime or what but the lunch service today was really good. Overall, a good lunch spot considering the price so don't let the deserted plaza deter you if you feel like some decent thai food that's friendly on your wallet.
5	Awesome take out Thai food!I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes to pick up my take out order.  They have always thrown in an extra appetizer for free.  The pad thai is pretty decent.  I LOVE the green curry.  Its some of the best I've ever had.  And I always get the crab puffs.  Delicious.
2	My experience was only for takeout and not dining in so perhaps dine-in folks will have better luck.  Massamam curry and pad thai is a pretty safe bet when ordering at a Thai restaurant you haven't been to before.  Sadly, the spice levels were off (one was waaay spicy, and the other had no flavor at all).  The curries seemed really watery and the pad thai noodles were mushy.  I was sad :(
4	Otherwise known as the Thai place, we come a lot and have witnessed first hand the ongoing saga of Lao Thai from the road construction to the recent revival.  Through the lack of staff, changing recipes, and loyalty cards, Lao Thai has emerged as a great lunch spot.  In close proximity to my office, we come about once every other week.  I order either the green curry or drunken noodles depending on my mood.  Both are good.  One of my friends always gets the chicken fried rice.  I assume it is good as well.  We both add extra spice.  The outside looks like a strip mall, and is not that inviting.  Don't be fooled.  Inside the corner spot is an actual Thai restaurant.
4	Great Drunken Noodles!
4	The most delicious Thai Dish I ever tried was the Spicy PUMPKIN Basil with chicken from Lao Thai. That Kabocha Squash (Japanese Pumpkin) has the taste of a chestnut mixed with sweet potato. The sauce is a very balanced sauce with perfect spice heat the right amount of sweetness and flavors to knock you out. We also had the Pad Ga Pow and that one was good as well.Lao Thai uses Thai Chilies in their dishes instead of jalapenos for a more authentic taste and features many spicy dishes and also seafood. I do need to mention the portion we just had was smaller than other places and had less protein so if you need  leftovers this is not for you.Lao Thai is among the cleanest of restaurants I've been in. It was a pleasure dining here.
5	My fiance and I love this restaurant!! We crave their food everyday!!! There isn't anything on their menu that we don't love!!!  If you love spice and seafood with a great mix with may flavors you will love the "Tom Poh Tak" soup!!  Great service too!!
5	Never wrote a review before, but had such a great meal tonight had to let people know.  This is the best Thai food I have ever eaten, including the meals I ate in Thailand and Burma!  We are Vegans who also eat no aded oils and they happily complied with our extreme diet and still everything tasted terrific.  We had spring rolls, Pad Thai with tofu, Yellow Curry with Pumpkin, and some salads. I tasted spices in the curry I have never tasted before.We also had brown rice, instead of the usual white Jasmine rice.  It was nice that they had this available.  Our server, the cook's daughter, told us her mother is very health-conscious and their menu and cooking method clearly proves that. I wish we could give more than five stars!
5	I don't know if Lao Thai is the best Thai out there but Lao Thai is the best Thai I've been too. I don't judge Thai food by the green curry dish or the pad Thai but by the dishes that I find interesting and of course taste and food execution.I've had three very good experiences here so far.The one dish that is so darn tasty is the Spicy Pumpkin Basil and that dish is so tasty I have a very hard time ordering something else. I've had this same dish at other places and nobody makes this one dish as well as Lao Thai. The pumpkin is very hard to get right and not over do or under do. The sauce is always delicious and the chicken is always perfect.This time we also had an appetizer and tried the Beef wrapped asparagus. It was also so tasty I don't think there is a person out there that wouldn't like it.My husband had the Spicy Egg Bomb. He said it was the very best Thai he ever had and also said the pumpkin basil was so good he would also be happy with that as well. I do note the egg was not as runny as it should have been.The food for us was a perfect spicy level and I do note it might be too spicy for some people .I liked that they have brown rice as an option.I liked that the place is meticulously clean.And I liked that service was always fast and efficient.4.5 stars
4	Came in at a non-traffic time.   Ordered the lunch Pad Ga Pow with sliced beef.  I wasn't asked how spicy I wanted it, but the spice level was just right / on the hotter side for me.  For dessert, the fried banana w/ ice cream was awesome; it had a pleasant contrast of texture of the ice cream and banana.
4	This was my first time trying this place and it was on New Years' Eve so it was very empty at 7pm. Decor isn't exciting, but the bathrooms are very clean. The menu has a large variety so there is plenty to choose from. I liked how many of the entrees offer the choice of tofu and seafood, and not just chicken/beef/pork. I ordered the ginger fish with a steamed fillet and my husband ordered the drunken noodles with tofu. We split the fresh rolls and he also got a Thai tea. The food took a little while, but as I was sitting there I was thinking-I bet they are making all this stuff fresh, from scratch. That must have been the case because everything looked and tasted delicious, which made it all worth it.
5	holy cow! when you ask for medium, be careful. i'm usually pretty tolerant of food heat, but my mouth was on fire! luckily i had a thai tea to help cool things off, but man...for NYE, the service was a bit slow, but the food was delicious. i ordered the drunken noodles and loved every savory, hot bite. the wife had the ginger fish and it was tasty as well. there are plenty of options on the menu so even the ficklest veggie will be pleased with all the tofu options they offer. our waters were kept full the entire meal. our dinner companions ordered the masaman curry and i loved the creamy, coconuty richness. prices are very reasonable and they also offer take-out.
5	You can't get better Thai food for the price. Total hole in the wall find. I recommend the Tom kha soup.
3	I love me some Thai food!  I have been blessed by my past options of Thai and could not find any where near my work until recently.  I won't say this is the best Thai I have had, BUT I had to stop and write today for 2 reasons.  1. I had only been here a half dozen times.  The waitress had only seen me one other time, but to me surprise she remembered what I ordered a month or so ago.  It was like going somewhere and getting "my regular"....even though that was the first time I had ever ordered Drunken Noodles.  I would say I would like Drunken Noodles if I were drunk even more!  2. The lunch portion is perfect.  I have a problem not eating all of my Thai meal whether Panang, Pad Se'ew, or anything else.  But the lunch gives you a small roll, a little bit of soup and your entree.  I am now a "regular," even if I don't have a regular dish.  Try it, you will like it.
4	Lao Thai is pretty authentic Thai food found in South Scottsdale.  I went there after a Yelp Cocktail event with some other yelpers for a quick bite.  It was late and we were the only ones there for awhile.  The cost for the entrees were reasonable and the food was good.  I had ordered Drunken Noodles with Chicken.  I wasn't sober so the noodles helped soak up all the Jack!  And they had sticky rice, which I always have to order to soak up all the sauce goodness!  Overall good experience, I would go again and again.
5	I love this restaurant!! Talk about authentic Lao and Thai food!  Whenever I miss my mom's cooking, I go and eat at Vietiane. I always order a ton to go since I don't live close by.The must haves:-Papaya salad-Lao style, spicy-Larb beef-raw & not bitter-Crispy rice-Sausage with tomato sauce and sticky rice -Rice noodles with curry chicken (kow boon)The prices are excellent here! The service is great as well. The boys are so sweet!   It's family run which gives me more reason to support this restaurant.  I am forever a loyal customer!
4	Went there last night for pick up.  I ordered the chicken pad thai, which was great.  Loved how they added bean sprouts and green onions! My girlfriend ordered yellow curry with chicken on stickey rice.  Yup what a great combo.  We also had veggie egg rolls, which are cooked perfectly, not to crispy and not too gooey.  The staff was very nice and will def be going back, and recommend that you try them out if the thai bug strikes!
5	I've been here numerous times now, so many I can't count. And each time I go, the food is soooo good! Ive tried most of the curry dishes, pad thai, drunken noodles, soups, sweet and sour chicken and some other dishes that I don't remember. All great. I typically stick w/ the noodle dishes. Best place I've been to for Thai food in Arizona.  This place is awesome!  I'm only wondering why it is always empty every time I go. It's definitely not the nicest ambiance but it is a big restaurant. Just always empty at dinner time...when it should be packed.
4	I've been passing Lao Thai on Scottsdale Road in South Scottsdale for years and finally stopped by. It doesn't look like much outside, and it's not a whole lot better inside, but I was pleasantly surprised by the food and service. I had the Pad Thai - delicate, spicy and delicious. The service was friendly, and my eating mates were all pleased with their food especially the Spicy Lemongrass - which I want to try next time. Excellent - don't judge a book by the cover.
5	Mmmm...Fresh Rolls - I live in Las Vegas and have traveled quite extensively throughout my life, but I am constantly fiending for Lao Thai's fresh rolls. They're perfect. Ridiculously perfect, fresh, and flavorful. And I'm furious that they're not closer to where I live!
4	Great place to pickup Thai for a night in.  Thumbs up to yellow curry chicken, shrimp pad thai, and spring rolls.
5	Very tasty food, good prices, very nice staff, and nicely decorated inside.  Our business is just across the street and they have great lunch special and quick service if you want take out.
5	Love this place. We are avid Thai food consumers. The food here is more authentic than most. They make my special Thai style Pad Gra Poa Gai for me extra hot. It is awesome. The service is always great too.
4	I've eaten here several times and really enjoyed it. Both dining in and getting takeout were an equally good experience. The tofu pad thai is my favorite. I wish so badly that they delivered to my house!!
5	~ UPDATE ~Well, this is a sad day here in south Scottsdale. Lao Thai is closed, folks. We called to place an order and the gentleman who answered the phone said they closed and the new owner is preparing to open a sushi bar. I will miss the....everything. :(
5	I live right down the street from Lao Thai and about a year ago, I finally got a chance to dine their.  I must tell you, the food is FANTASTIC. It's healthy, it fresh and it has some of the most exquisite flavors I have ever had experienced.  Definitely try the Ginger Chicken!  I now try and visit at least once a week-when I am craving something healthy & tasty!The staff is also very friendly and professional. The restaurant itself is kept clean and sanitary. The Prices are very reasonable.The atmosphere and ambiance are probably its weakness- but the fact that the food & service are so good- overall I would give Lao Thai  an 8.5 out of 10!
