4	Mainly locals bar which is cheap for drinks and does a good karaoke night as well. Staff are a good laugh and near main bus route which takes you straight into town.
3	I'll probably be lynched for blabbing about my dislike of all things SPL: it's the most dreary, mind numbing league within World football and the very mention of the 'old firm' makes me wince. The International Bar's love of all things Scottish football ensures I'm not a fan of this drinking hole and as a Celtic supporters fan base it's firmly out of my top ten watering hole list. Still, if you love the SPL and Celtic head over and share a pint with the passionate locals. Beer variety and prices are all standard.
4	In some places you get corner shops and in others you get corner pubs - this is the latter; a pub where the locals gather to have a drink, chat or watch the footy.  Should this not be sufficiently exciting then there is a dartboard on offer and on Friday or Saturday night there's a good chance there will be karaoke on offer.  On these nights the standard of karaoke is really rather good and whilst it will be busy enough to create an atmosphere of sufficient calibre, you will not have to wait forever and a day to get a song in.The drink prices are pretty standard for the area, but if you check out the chalkboard out front either on entry or on your travels there you'll find that on some days the prices are cut for specific drinks - this board is well worth paying attention to if you're planning a visit.
3	The International bar is mostly a local bar and it is not that studenty, but it is worth a visit. I thought it would be a typical old man pub, filled with drunk men by about 1pm, but I was pleasantly surprised with the clientele who drank in here when I came. Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, the International Bar is just a short walk from the city centre and is really close to the Meadows too so it is a convenient place to reach. This is a fairly traditional pub, with a dart board, and there is a good atmosphere in here as the staff are always cheerful and inviting and there is a jukebox which always plays out music playing. The drinks in the International Bar are pretty cheap and they serve a wide range of different beers and ales. The house red wine here is tasty and doesn't taste like vinegar which some you can find in other bars. The International Bar frequently has speical offers available which are worth while, especially as there is no student discount on offer. The food is also worth a try as they serve the standard pub meals such as fish and chips, burgers and baked potatoes, which are particularly tasty - really well cooked with fluffy potato in the centre and a crispy skin - yum! The International Bar does show A LOT of football matches, so perhaps it isn't one for the non-football fans on a football night as it can get pretty rowdy in here.  A decent bar which is worth a visit.
4	Used to live opposite this bar so it was handy but its one of my favourite pubs in the Tollcross area anyway. It's mainly locals with the odd tourist and student but its also home to a Celtic supporters bus so if there's a Celtic game on, the pub is jam packed with supporters either getting ready to go to a game or to watch it on the telly in the pubTheir cocktail list is one of the best in Edinburgh. It consists of only one cocktail and that is an orange, watermelon and lime Bicardi chucked in a jug.Possibly with a Smirnoff Ice in there too.I sampled this treat and it was fortunate for me that I lived across the road.The 'disco night / karaoke is very very loud which I liked even though I had to close the windows to hear the TV.
