4	Full service atmosphere and very clean.   They have what you want and will order it if they don't. The company is very civic minded and gives a lot to schools and charities.*Side note* Food is a little on the pricey-side in this area, compared to Chicago and New York. I'm sorry the "cost of living is so much cheaper in the south", does not apply in Charlotte. (or at most any other grocery stores in this area-I wonder why?!)
4	Dear Harris Teeter,I would just like to let you know how much I love you. You are so big and clean with the best layout a supermarket has ever seen. Your service is top notch and the staff is so helpful and sweet I think I got diabetes the last time I was there. Oh and the online shopping service you have is so convenient and organized! Thank you Harris Teeter for being so awesome.You make me miss the suburbs...Love,Lauren B
5	Yeah OK so you are one of the priciest Grocers in the area but your store is clean, bright and well stocked all the time! That in of itself grants you 5 stars but what really puts you over the edge is your Customer Service. The CS is TOP NOTCH and it's not just the Manager or a random Cashier, it's the ENTIRE STAFF! The guy behind the Deli wanted to know how my day was going. The guy in the Produce section gave me a tip on how to properly store fresh corn and EVERY Cashier greets me with a smile. Keep up the great work Harris Teeter! U Rock!
2	This Teeter should be called Harris Teeter Junior.  It's a smaller version of some of the larger, better stocked locations in and around Charlotte.Perhaps my opinion of this location is tainted from shopping at the Taj Mah-Teeter in Morocroft, but seeing as how there are 2 really nice, full sized locations less than 5 miles from this one (Promenade and Arboretum), there really isn't much of a reason to go here for your weekly shop.The biggest problem isn't that it's a smaller location with fewer items, the biggest problem is the fact that they charge, nay, OVERcharge for the items they do have.  I've complained before about Harris Teeter's high prices, and this location, unfortunately, is no different.
4	The renovation makes this location one of the nicest in town... Perfect timing for the Publix opening next door.
4	This has to be the best local supermarket I have ever lived by.  They are 24 hours.  They have a decent health and beauty section.  Always lots of things on sale, good deli selections, great wild caught fresh fish at a great price.  Extremely helpful friendly staff.  While I do wish they had a better selection of organic price as well as meats they do have some which is great. My kids love to go shopping with me because of the race car shopping carts (which are a pain in the neck to steer once they actually have groceries in them) but hey it's for the kids!  The gas cards are what keep me coming though.  You pay $40 for a $50 gas card for with Bp or shell ( any time you spend $50 or more.... Which is always for us)Great value.  They certainly give the neighboring grocery stores some tough competition.  I love their "HT Traders" store brand which reminds me of another "trader" with comparable prices
1	http://www.buzzfeed.com/emleschh/21-reasons-you-should-join-the-wegmans-cult-11s0y   Please take note HT, Wegmans (the #1 grocer in the USA 10+ years running) makes bread for their subs on site. Maybe you'll get a chance to see this before Publix runs your ass out of business. HT, you're the embodiment of a west virginia obesity epidemic, and I hate you.
