5	I first discovered this Grape (my first Grape experience ever) after a day of shopping after-Christmas sales at Northlake Mall.  My feet were tired, my eyes were bloodshot, my arms were sore (from lugging around all the great sale items I found), and my thirst needed quenching.  We spotted the entrance to The Grape and took a peek inside.  We loved the modern decor, the quiet mood of the restaurant, and the greeting we got upon approaching the door.  The hostess explained to us the concept of The Grape -- that it was a wine and tapas bar and if you liked any of the wines you tried, you could buy a bottle in their gift shop on the way out.  We decided to give it a try.  We had earned it. We entered, set our bags down around a counterheight table, and proceeded to sample a variety of wines.  After a long day of shopping, this first experience at The Grape was just what I needed.  What a fun, relaxing way to end the day!On our way out, we stopped in the gift shop to check on the prices of them.  Some were within my price range, others not.  I enjoy a nice glass of wine, but I'm not a connoisseur and my wallet only allows me to spend no more than $15 for a bottle of wine at a store.  I went with a red that was under $15 that I enjoyed at the table.  The whole visit left me with a very favorable experience with The Grape and the entire shopping trip.  I highly recommend The Grape at the end of the day for all you Christmas and after-Christmas shoppers!
4	I agree with Eric K. on the modern decor and quiet mood. The restaurant is fairly new, so you still get the warm and fuzzies from the staff, which is nice. The food was quite good, and I enjoy tapas. I think it makes for a better night out, as everyone tends to share. I had a good night here, and I really enjoyed the selection of fancy cheeses. I'm kind of a cheese maniac. The little shop was nice as well, and we picked up a bottle of white wine to give to a friend as a gift. It's a great place for a date or a girls' night out.
4	This is a great place to come and get a glass of wine.  I love the little shop in the front, and for first time wine drinkers the staff is very knowledgeable and can help you pick a glass or a flight.  It also has a very nice decor.My only thing is that I feel like having it inside the mall is kind of odd.  It's also kind of hidden in the corner.  It stays open a bit later than the mall, but still closes earlier than a bar would which is also unfortunate.  I also feel like it's a bit upscale for Northlake, although I don't think Northlake has a niche yet.  It is like half upscale and half middle class.  The Grape place definitely fits in better with the South Park crowd.  If you are in the mall, consider stopping in and having a glass!
4	I like the Grape.  It is a nice place to grab a glass of wine (or three) and some good appetizers or even dinner.  I agree with another reviewer who said it feels odd to have it in a mall.  That said the food and service are good.  The wine list is respectable and the staff helpful if you need some guidance on what wine to select.if you are in the mall shopping - pop in and indulge yourself.
3	Stopped by The Grape for a bottle of wine after seeing a movie.  Wine was reasonably priced ($9-$10 glass).  Ordered two appetizers (Tuna and flatbread) and found them to be tasty (4-stars).  There was actually a fair bit of Tuna for the price, and it was fresh.  The flatbread was decent; plenty of prosciutto though the fig spread reminded me of jarred jelly.There wasn't much of a crowd, so I can't characterize the vibe but, overall, this is an average wine bar.  The mall setting, while convenient, did detract from my experience, mostly because we were seated in front of a large window that provided a view of screaming teenagers and the "nothing else to do but cause trouble at the mall" crowd.  Probably a great place for pre-movie drinks on a date.
4	I invited a group of girls out to The Grape before our movie at the theater next door. We had so much fun. The Grape had really good drink specials and they tasted wonderful. I had the spinach tortellini which was delicious. All my friends were eying it from across the table! but they had nice stuff to eat too like the pizza it looked just as delicious. I wish more people would come out to this place it is a diamond in the mall!
1	closed
1	This place has closed.
