1	Customer Service Representatives misinform customers and mislead them to sign off on a paper for payment which ends up being a CONTRACT! CSR told us that we could cancel the service at anytime. When we received a scheduled appointment, my husband cancelled the service. Come to find out, while we were out of town, they still came and sprayed only the front of the house since the side gates were locked. No paperwork was left notifying us that we had been sprayed until I noticed the withdrawal of the $75 from my account. My husband called to specify that it should have already been cancelled and we want the money refunded. They refused to refund the money because they "they serviced our house" even though it was supposed to be cancelled. Next we find out that we have to pay 75% of the contract to get out of it.This company is HORRIBLE and the CSR are rude and misleading. DO NOT use this company, find someone else, or go to ACE Hardware and get their pest control products and do it yourself... it lasts way longer and is MUCH cheaper!
1	Do not use this service! They have door to door salesmen who gave me a great spiel how they handle gnats. I was aware I was signing a contract but was totally unaware I would be charged 36 bucks EVERY month but to only receive the service every 90 days. The pest inspector told me it would be 36 dollars every other month. There were no instructions left for the first pest tech regarding the gnats and he told me I should put Drano down all my drains. I was still seeing a ton of gnats so I called to have them come out again and the CSR told me she would send someone else out and note the account with instructions on what to spray specifically. Second guy came out, or I guess I should say kid...looked like he was about 16. Told me there is nothing that they can do for gnats, he had no special instructions, didn't spray and gave me these 2 gnat trap cups. Their techs are not educated about any pests. They are just there to spray and they know nothing further past that point. Of course I only had the service for a month (maybe less) but was charged the $75 cancellation fee. So clearly they do not have a satisfaction guarantee.
1	This salesman came to the door in Casa Grande, told me he was the owner and then wouldn't leave after I repeatedly told him I wasn't interested.
1	Up front I will say I have not used their service but I have been solicited by their door to door technicians. These guys are pushy and rude and will not take no for an answer. They will bang on your door and continue to ring your doorbell until you open the door. So much for napping on my day off. If their salesmen are any indication of future service, be warned.
1	They make up stories about already being in the neighborhood and have trucks about.... Yeah right. They are basically just a bunch of punk door to door used car salesmen.  And if you say no, they will just come back again the next day and bang on your door over and over.
3	The techs are always pleasant and courteous but the company as a whole could do for a makeover. The CSR's mislead people when signing up for service and never mention that you are signing a contract (I know its my responsibility to ask so no grudge there). I have also had to call every single time to get someone out to spray as they have never scheduled maintenance. It would be cheaper to simply buy the spray at Home Depot and do it yourself.
1	First, I have not used their service, but I do thank those that have left reviews regarding that. Rather, today I had a gentleman knocking on doors and offering Armor service. I ignored the technician the first time around (albeit he knew I was home). After he left, I literally printed a "NO SOLICITING" sign and stuck it outside on my door because there have been so many door-to-door salesmen in my neighborhood offering stuff. To my surprise, a few hours later the technician stopped by again and knocked on my door, as well as rang the door bell. He totally ignored the sign, which is completely disrespectful in my opinion. However, I thought he may have something important to tell me so I opened the door. Ironically, the same "trucks in the neighborhood" spiel was used with me (other reviews have mentioned this and it does actually happen). He told me, "We've gotten a few calls about our trucks being in your neighborhood so we're going around to let people know that we will be in the area for the next couple days..." That's odd, I thought, I have yet to see such a truck. He then starts writing down all the "info I need to know" in case I may consider getting serviced while they're in the neighborhood. Apparently, I am the only one looking at the sign I literally posted a few hours before. In short, no, "Scott," I do not want your service. The whole experience was completely rude and disrespectful! And based on the reviews that have been posted, I think people have a clear picture of what kind of company Armor is.
