5	My washer broke and I didn't know which way to turn.  I was referred to these guys by my manufacturer.  They were great!  They came on time and fixed the problem in the first visit.  I would highly recommend them.
1	ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE SERVICE!I called Bowdrie Inc. to come fix my Frigidaire refrigerator because the water dispenser and ice maker were not working properly. On the phone I mentioned that I did not know what the problem was, but that the filter was expired, so perhaps that was the problem. I was informed that the service call would be $65 and that it would be applied to the additional cost should any additional parts/labor be needed.When the technician arrived at my house he informed me that he had brought a new filter per my request and that he would check the unit and see what the problem is. I informed him that I did not request a filter, but that if the refrigerator needed it to work properly than go ahead and install it.After about 30 minutes he informed me that the main valve on the unit needed to be replaced and that he could return tomorrow with the part and finish the repair. He also stated that the filter should be replaced. He charged me $260 for parts and labor.The next day he came back and installed the new valve and filter, but the ice maker and water dispenser still did not work. After re-checking the unit this time the technician stated that it was not a problem with the main valve or filter, but instead it was a problem with the water line that led to the refrigerator. He informed me that he could not fix the problem, and that I would need to hire a plumber. When I asked him why he did not notice that on his original inspection, he admitted that he had made and error and that he was sorry. He informed me that he could refund the cost of the main valve, but that he could not refund the price of the filter or the service call. I can understand paying for the service call, but paying for a filter that I can not even use is absolutely ridiculous!! When I asked why he could not refund the price of the filter he informed me that he brought the filter per my request and that since I had specifically asked for it, there was nothing he could do. I HAD NEVER SPECIFICALLY ASKED BOWDRIE INC. TO BRING ME A REPLACEMENT FILTER. In the original phone conversation I had mentioned that the filter might need to be replaced, but I NEVER ordered a filter from the company.The technician was very apologetic, and even stated that if it was up to him he would refund my money for the filter, but it is not up to him. He referred me to his manager, a woman named Melissa.My wife called Melissa to explain the situation and see about a refund for the filter. Melissa was EXTREMELY rude. She did not even take the time to hear a full explanation of the situation before she began yelling at my wife. Needless to say, she was not professional in the least bit.When I called back to try to speak to Melissa about the situation myself, she informed me that she had already spoken to my wife and had nothing else to say. SHE THEN HUNG UP ON ME!!Even though I am completely willing to pay the $65 service call fee and return the unused filter, Melissa would not budge.I have since placed a stop payment on the check for my original payment of $260. I am still completely willing to pay the $65 service call fee, but I REFUSE to pay for a filter I can not even use.
1	I called at 10 a.m. to find out when someone was coming as my warranty company had set up an appt for the following day between 8 a.m. and 12 noon. Well, the rude woman on the phone promptly told me that they didn't go by their orders and could not have anyone out until Monday...............6 day more with leaking water from my 4 mo. old Maytag refrigerator?  I don't think so, further she asked for a credit card for $75 service fee if it was not an item covered by my warranty which I refused to give, so she refused to set up any appts.  I had to call the Maytag warranty company back and set up another appt with Brownie's who immediately came!!
1	Stay away unless you like dealing with a controlling bossy witch. She loves to correct and control. Acts like she is doing you a favor to work on your appliances. Got annoyed when I wouldn't give out the gate code. Insists on a 4 hour window of time. Refuses to accommodate a request like a call ahead. Interrupts and acts superior. Totally inflexible. How do they stay in business?
