5	The facility is very clean. Lobby is big enough for the parents to watch. The staff are all nice and very helpful. My 4year old daughter loves her ballet teacher. The monthly fee is not too bad.
5	My niece and nephew have been going to "The Rock" since it was at its previous location on Silverado Ranch.They love going here because of the instructors and various classes they have.My niece's favorite classes are jazz and modern. In fact, she's working on a solo with Mr. Brian. Nephew started going to breakdancing classes with (I forget his name) a bboy that is part of Las Vegas breakdancing crew, Knucklehead Zoo. Nephew was doing headspins and bboy freezes (almost) every second of every day. Then he got enrolled into hip hop class, which he is loving more than the breakdance.I know my sister-in-law sometimes takes classes here, as well, while she waits for the kids.The new location is better that it's next to a Mexican taco spot and Starbucks. Nevermind the fact that Lee's Liquor is right next door to the studio =) lolI know some kids that go here have long breaks between each class so, it's nice that they could do homework at Starbucks.The new location has more mirrors and space for students in their ever growing classes. I believe the floors are made out of special material that is less slippery and easier to dance on. ALWAYS amazing to see my niece/nephew do what they love and The Rock has added to their friendships and maybe even careers.....So You Think You Can Dance 2022, watch out nowwwwwwwwwww
3	Went here for a dance competition. This place saved my life basically because they had amazing air conditioning. Most venues for dance competitions get really musky but this one wasn't that bad. The rooms are huge and can fit like over a hundred people in each.
5	I was traveling around the west taking adult drop-in dance classes and I found this place in Vegas. I took Intermediate/Advanced Jazz with a very skinny, petite instructor. She was at the reception desk with the administrator when I arrived and she was very encouraging and personable. The receptionist was sweet and talked me through everything I needed to do as a first time student. The class was pretty good. It wasn't too intimidating for Intermediate students but it did provide a challenge. She helped the advanced students by giving options to do more turns or try across the floor progressions at a quicker tempo.Everyone in the class had something to work on and the instructor gave very positive criticism. The space is beautiful, houses multiple studios and is very neat and clean. There is an awesome vending machine that takes credit card which is a relief because I wasn't used to working out in the dry climate and I really needed a water. I would definitely return and I recommend this studio to any adult looking to continue their dance education.
3	ummm i wish they had more classes for the beginner...this dance studio is very clean and great instructors.but i just don't like atmosphere in this studio.i would prefer they are more friendly...
