4	This place is a 21 and up club that caters to the biker and gearhead lot. I drove up to Pittsburgh with the intention of seeing a really good psychobilly show at this pub and amen, I got what the hell I showed up for. The bar itself is a special kind of classy, from the Frankenstein green paint job on the exterior to the glass showcase full of skulls that leads the way to the bathroom, this bar has a great atmosphere. This is a place where any ruffian wishing to relive the glory days of their bad ass biker grand pappy can happily swill down cheap beer and tap their knee to a running bass line in their finest leather jacket. The place is cleanish, crisp, it's a working class bar (between sets they played nothing but The Bruisers, I was in heaven). I'm going to go to more shows here, as many as I can, and I hope more people show up because I want to see the touring bands coffers runneth over.Notables:-They have "underwear afternoons" sometimes where bartenders are dressed in lingerie.-Shows start at 10:00 PM and the whole place is 21 and up.-You can smoke-A ton of good shows that run the gamut of excellent underground music.
5	I LOVE this place. They put on some amazing shows, particularly of the punk/rockabilly/metal persuasion. They also find awesome local talent. I haven't gone here when there wasn't a concert going on so I can't speak to an average night at the bar but the events were enough to merit a 5. Along with Belvederes, one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh.
5	There is a sign above the stage and above the bar that says "Absolutely no covers". That alone gets this place 5 stars - giving a thriving scene to musicians that create their own work. The ceiling and walls are lined with drum heads and broken cymbals of bands who have rolled through - look hard and you'll see some names that would sell out Stage AE these days. Smoking is a downside, but it's hard to complain about it in a place like this. If you like rock, come on out. The drinks are cheap, too.Also, I love the electronic sign above the bar that scrolls through "fuck *your favorite place here*". Some of the names on the list shut down years ago - that just makes it even better.
4	This is a kick ass punk rock bar!  Everyone was friendly.  All original music is a guarantee, the bar is decorated with all kinds of cool stuff to check out, the staff is on point, and if I lived in Pitt I would be coming here all of the time.  Only bummer was no food close by, but I wasn't there for the food.
4	Listen:  I don't like Metal.But listen again: I still had a great time at 31st Street Pub.Now I don't know if you have to be a Metal band to be booked here, but last Saturday my friend's friend's band was playing, and all the other bands playing that night were of that genre.It was packed, but not so packed you were squeezed up on everyone. The stage was small, but the band was close. And loud. Plastic skulls line the walls. Signed cymbals on the ceiling. A scrolling neon sign says: F*uck pretty much every other venue in the city. A bulky golieth of a man takes your 5 dollar cover when you enter.The crowd is extremely varied and most people smoke. A lot. But all are welcoming. I came in thinking I'd be well out of my element, but left thinking I'd like to stop in again sometime.
5	Love it! Great place to see a live show.  The Pub brings some great bands to Pittsburgh. Anything from rock, metal, punk, doom, stoner, if it's loud then it's perfect for this place. It's dark, smokey, skulls, and band paraphernalia everywhere, small bathroom with tons of graffiti.  Perfect rock bar!
4	I happened to be in town on business right around the time of the 6/26 D.R.I. show, so I got my first taste of the 31st Street Pub during that visit.This is one intimate venue, especially if the place is crowded (I'm assuming the show I attended was one of the more crowded ones, as I was told beforehand it was "almost sold out").Inside, the place isn't very wide (30-40 feet of available space maybe?), with a bar running most of the length of the building up the right side.  From the very back of the club to the stage appeared to be somewhere between 100 and 120 feet.The ambiance in here is "punk rock dive bar" through and through.  Posters, flyers and stickers cover almost every inch of available space.  Behind the bar, there was more of the same, but also a long shelf/cabinet filled with skulls.  There's also a section of ceiling, from about mid-bar to the end closest to the stage, that has autographed cymbals attached to it.  Acts both big and small have passed through the doors of this place, from the looks of those cymbals.Other reviews have mentioned the scrolling electronic sign that "disses" some of the older Pittsburgh music venues, which was a fun little touch.The stage only stands about 18 inches tall, if I had to guess, didn't look to be more than about 20 feet wide, and there was an obstruction on the left of the stage in the form of some speakers.  A musician could easily be obscured behind that thing if they're not into moving around too much.Despite my concerns, the sound system was up to par, and all of the bands sounded pretty clear.I had to hit the bathroom twice over the course of the evening, and the men's room was about what you'd expect from a place like this.  It was small (two people could be in there at once, max) and filled with stickers and graffiti.There were plenty of cheap beer options, but not nearly enough craft brews for my liking.  There were only two that really caught my eye, and one of them was totally tapped out after I'd only been in the door for about five minutes.  On the plus side, those couple of craft brews were the expensive ones on the list, and only cost $4.50 apiece.  While still expensive considering the average price of a six-pack, it was still way less than the $7-$8 I was expecting to be socked with.I had a 1.7-mile walk back to my hotel after the show, so I knew I had to keep things in check (beer-wise) if I wanted to get back in one piece.  So I switched to bottled water pretty early on, and was glad to find out they were only a buck apiece.All in all, three bottled waters and a single craft brew only ran me $7.50 (minus tips), so it was a pretty economical evening.Call me a wimp if you must (go ahead, it's okay), but after years and years of clubs prohibiting smoking, it was tough for me to adjust to the fact that smoking was allowed in here.  I was enshrined in a cloud of smoke most of the night from the people around me, and I smelled dreadful (well, more dreadful than usual) when I got back to my room.But, enough of all that...To sum up, intimacy is the key to a place like this.  There probably isn't a bad spot in the place to watch a band.  Towards the end of D.R.I.'s set, I went to the merch area (right near the entrance), which is about as far as you could be from the stage, and was still able to see everything taking place on stage.I'm not often in Pittsburgh, but the next time I get an opportunity to see a show here, I'm totally down.
4	After walking off a disappointing brief tour of Lawrenceville taverns I decided to give 31st pub a go since I was heading back towards downtown to catch the T.   Purely a no nonsense and stand up establishment here with dark smoky attitude and decor.  There were no bands scheduled but the stage was charming and alluring to my 4 eyes.  Drinks were stiff and beer options while not abundant were suffice.   After chatting with some young long haired bucks they proceeded to play some great tunes on the juke (ZAPPA included)I will have to return when there is a show and let's just say that if 31st was a dame (and yes that is an outdated yet still a term of endearment in my odd world)  she would be the girl who wears combat boots even during the summer but has a big heart,  But if you betray and disrespect her, those boots are going straight up you arse/ into your nuts. hahaha
