5	I had just moved to the area and needed a nail salon. I was pretty specific on my requirements. Let's just say I refuse to go to the places found in your shopping malls & on every corner.  I came across Avare, walked in, made an appt. for same day, met Heidi and loved her. Prices are the same as what I paid back in Chicago. She is great! And I had the same nail tech, a friend of mine, for over 8 years so I was happy to find Heidi and her services so quickly. I have now been back a couple times. Very cute, airy overall space as well & rest of staff are also friendly! Highly suggest for gel nails!!
5	Found this salon on Yelp when I was searching for a good gel manicure. There was only one review but it was a good one for Heidi. And it was close to my house. I really enjoyed the manicure and Heidi's company. I'll definitely be back, maybe for a manicure AND a Brazilian Blowout!
5	I been going to nail salons around Mesa since I moved here five years ago.  I been to those that are found in malls.  I even been to a nail salon in a hair salon and it was all drama.  With Heidi you will find professionalism and friendship and great service. Heidi pedicures are outstanding along with her nail service.  I highly recommend Heidi and Avare for nails and pedicures. I have also been getting my hair done at Avare for over a year with Tammy Crist and highly recommend getting your hair services done with her.
5	What a great experience! I was from out of town and my nails needed some attention badly. I was able to get right in with Heidi and she did a fantastic job on a gel fill. She was very nice and efficient. Excited to know she does pedicure's! I will get that booked the next time. Overall very nice salon.
5	Thank you Tammy for fixing my hair! I love it! The color is perfect and I am getting lots of compliments!
5	I'm delighted to have found a sassy new salon near me! I'm new here and worried about trusting my hair to new hands, but Pam was amazing! She fit me in the same day and crafted a style I've never tried before but absolutely love!! Well worth the price, which was reasonable. Yay!
5	I was new to the area and chose this salon based on Yelp reviews. I was so happy I did! Tammy is sweet, skilled, and friendly! She listened when I told her how I wanted by brows shaped and they came out perfect. I've been going to her for three months now and have been happy every time. I'm going to go in for a cut and color soon. When I mentioned it to her, she immediately started asking questions and listening to what I wanted. I'm confident I will love it! Highly recommend this salon.
5	My sister got married a couple of months ago, and had Giovanni at Cutler Salon do an "up" do for her. She looked so beautiful, I recently went to him to create a "down" do for myself for an event I was attending. Needless to say, although I was not a bride like my sister, I still felt extraordinarily special that evening. Giovanni and the entire staff at Avare' Salon are an exceptional group of people highly recommended!
