1	Go here if you don't mind possibly wasting your time for nothing. I relocated to the Las Vegas area and sent my resume to this Ultimate Staffing location through their website. I was called the next day by a Service Manager named Alex. She seemed very interested in my resume and experience and told me she had "several job possibilities." I went in a few days later to meet with her and she told me about just two job opportunities I could interview for. She stated she was going to set up those interviews and was going to call me on Monday. While the meeting with Alex was pretty professional,  I never heard back from her ever again!I called a week later after numerous email attemps and the lady who answered told me Alex was no longer employed there. She transferred my call to another Service Manager named Marisela, whom I had also met with at my meeting with Alex. Again Marisela seemed totally interested in experience. I left a message for Marisela and surprise-surprise, she didn't call me back either. A call back with any kind of news would been appreciated. I have over 10 years of customer service/administrative work and would be an asset to a company.  I've been directly hired through other temp agencies 3 times before with big name companies and the previous temp agencies I dealt with were on point. Ultimate Staffing may be a very well known temp agency, but this location is severely lacking.
1	I wish I could give them zero stars! I was hired by them for a couple of companies. I worked mostly with Alex and Marsela (I think that was her name) both were terrible. Refused to call me back and had terrible customer service. They hired me to harrahs hr department. It was a decent job but I had some problems there with the way I was treated. I tried to talk to Alex about it and she told me to suck it up. I was sick because I was pregnant and had the flu so I couldn't work for a couple days. After calling her six times she told me again to suck it up. I was having a bunch of issues with the managers at harrahs and a couple other things so I called Alex. She took a week and a half to call me back. I told her I was no longer going to work at harrahs and she told me yes I was. I told her this is my week notice. She called me a week later and I said today was my last day and she told me I better go back. I left ultimate staffing because it was terrible! Do not go there unless you want to be forced to do a job where you are harassed!
5	They seem to have employment here, if your looking!  I'm glad I checked them out!There very professional.  They offered me to go through an orientation, that was taking place the same day.
1	Well thanks for the offer.  The most truest statement I have ever hear was frist impression are lasting ones. I excepted another offer.  If I have to use an direct hire or temp agency. This will not be the one. And thanks for addressing my grandson.
