5	I wish PHX had this! Last time I was here I got a sub, party pack, and cheese pretzel! Sooooooooo good! If you've got a party, get some Eegee's.
4	Consistently good, high quality fast food.  Just wish they would bring the steak sub back.  Love the fries with ranch dip.
5	My co-worker brought in a party sized tub of their pina colada/strawberry slushies. PHENOMENAL!!! Better than italian ice and super flavorful. We are going to start a petition to get this in the phx/scottsdale area.
5	"You want a piece of me?" said the gargantuan mango tango eggees cup. I said "YES, I DO!" and give me a big ol veggie samich and some fries to go with my brain freeze thank you very much. Todays order is same ol same ol 12 inch whole wheat extra veggie grinder with extra crispy fries and a bigee flavor (mango tango) $6.50 w/ the captain card. How can you beat this kind of scratch for two people. you cannot.It was Yuuuummmmae!Unfortunately there is not much choice for vegan here but its all about the eegees!I now will add eegees to Best vegan for the money! and to Best far away vegan. Check it! you will be glad you did!Review timeCurbage: 10 I really like the fancy shmancy new eegees,but I like all eegeesP factor: 10 very clean as usualOrdering: 10 no wait at allMeal arrival: 10 even with extra crispy fries it was fastTaste test: 10 yummy today and the mango tango is now my second fav to cherry ciderSummary: 10 Thank you eegees! see you next month.Late gordo
4	This is a great little sandwich shop which serves fresh bread, quality meats, fat sliced french fries, and the best frozen drink out there. The Eegee drink is really the best thing out there. It is pretty hard to describe exactly what sets this frozen fruit slush apart from the rest but it is literally unmatched. It is a perfect consistency of air, flavored ice, and real pieces of fruit. The regular flavors are Lemon, Strawberry, and Pina Colada and a four flavor varies by the month as a flavor of the month. My son has decided he wants this instead of a birthday cake for his upcoming birthday.
4	We drove out to Casa Grande a few weekends ago 1) because we had nothing better to do and 2) because I wanted to try me some eegee's. I saw on the website that the eegee flavor of the month was watermelon and I wanted to hit this place up before it was gone. It's a bit of a trek for us, 45 minute drive. We got in around 3pm, not exactly lunch but not exactly dinner either so it was pretty empty. I ordered the 8 inch veggie grinder with no cheese on wheat. +1 for any place that offers wheat bread. I know most places do these days, but its always nice to have that as an option. My husband ordered the 12 inch original grinder on wheat. We also ordered a large fries to share and we each got small watermelon eegee's. The eegee's were good. I remember coming here many years ago and not liking the eegee's, but I also think it depends on what flavor you get. The regular flavors I have no interest in, but the watermelon was a nice break from the ordinary. I do think that it was too much for me. I only ended up finishing half, so my husband ended up drinking the rest for me. I could do with a 8oz size. The sandwiches I think were just ok. Not fantastic but they were good. The bread was nice and soft and there was a good amount of veggies. However, the girl explained that there was carrots on the veggie but I didn't find any. I did find a ton of black olives which I picked off cause I dislike them. But the dressing was good on the sandwich. The fries were the best part. So skinny and crispy. Exactly how I love my fries. And I know ranch dressing is a disgusting concoction, but the ranch here is so good. Its like crack. I kept eating all the fries hoping my husband wouldn't notice how many I had had and he didn't exactly get his fair share. Next time I will have to get my own fries. I hope they open an eegee's someday in the Phoenix area, but for now I am willing to drive here once in awhile if the craving strikes.
5	Yes... I love Eegee's... I have to admit it could be a bit of a problem for me as I drove from Chandler to Casa Grande just for an eegee and sammich in the worse rush hour traffic. If that isn't love I don't know what is because we all know Arizona drivers are ... well you know. I always get the pina colda mixed with lemon eegee and a grinder / or turkey sub and don't forget the ranch fries! The one is Casa Grande is new and clean not that I can say the same for the ones in Tucson.
5	Every time I drive to Casa Grande for work, I get multiple requests from family to bring them back some Eegee's -- We LOVE us some Eegee's!  The standard shaved iced flavors are awesome, but they throw in a new flavor each month to try and it's often seasonal and tasty.  I always thought they were just a shaved iced shop, but then decided to try a turkey sub and fries one day, and I was not disappointed!  Not only do they get it right with the food/drink, they have the PEOPLE part of business down too!  Every time I walk in, I feel welcomed by the energy of the people that work there.  It's strange to say this, but even better than the way the customers are treated is the way the employees seem to be treated.  There are always managers working right at the counter with the other employees, and they are always kind, and encouraging to the employees.  They also give discounts to all service men/women, every day, no questions asked.  I love seeing good employers in action.  Best shaved iced around (wish they weren't so far away!), and love what they do in their community!
4	Great service! Great prices!!We love it!
4	An eegee's outside of Tucson?!?! This is a rare treat!!  Very rare, as this is the ONLY eegee's located outside of Tucson. I no longer bother with the food at eegee's for the most part, but I rarely miss a chance to get an eegee when I am back in Tucson to visit friends and family. An eegee is a frozen fruit drink... sort of like an Italian ice slushie... The main flavors are strawberry, lemon and pina colada... and each month there is a different special flavor. On my most recent visit to Southern Arizona, I almost skipped eegee's... I was already on the freeway headed home on Sunday July 1st, when I got a text telling me that the flavor of the month for July was watermelon.. my FAVE! The Casa Grande eegee's is spacious and clean with ample parking. The employees were friendly...  They had me on my way with a large, yummy watermelon eegee in a matter of minutes. I am a big fan of this non-Tucson eegee's!!
5	I have driven by Eegee's a bunch of times running here and there but never thought to stop since Casa Grande has way too many fast food places.However today (4/15/2012) I decided to try them.Even in the drive thru, service is good.I usually like my sandwiches plain but I took a chance and got a small ham & cheese grinder. It was freakin awesome!!  The Orange Dream to go with it? Very nice. Overall a nice small lunch for $5 that left me really satisfied.
5	The pickles inside of the fresh sandwich was great, didn't have a strong flavor! Awesome!
3	I am not a fan of the subs here....details.Inside: Lots of room never seen it close to full, nothing really remarkable after that fact.Outside: nothing remarkable other than lots of parking area and a tight turn in drive thru big truck proceed with caution.Best thing about the place is the frozen drinks, get a mixture of Stawberry and Pina Colada and you will be in heaven soon.
5	About 2 miles off the highway, but worth the stop. $3 for a 5" turkey grinder (all the toppings) and $1.80 for an eegee (frozen drink.) The tables were clean and the service was fast.
5	9/8/12 ...Try pins colada drink!!! The BLT awesome!!!
1	I guess I'll be the lone detractor of this overpriced dump.I travel through Casa Grande a couple of times a month, saw them building this place and then decided to try it - having no clue what kind of food they serve.  Well, it's  just another sub sandwich shop and a pathetic one at that.  You don't get to request whatever you want on your subs here, they give you whatever they are going to put on it, including slathering it with enough mayonnaise to make 5 sandwiches with and there is no option to have your sub toasted.  I ordered a Turkey sub and a medium - eegee I guess they call that drink  of which there are only 3 flavors available (from what I can see, it's a glorified shaved ice drink).  The manager was at the register and asked what kind of cheese I wanted on it.  I told him cheddar, not knowing and him not informing me that for a 12 inch sub, they are going to add another $1.05 to the price for cheese!  The cheese, btw, was gross.  Like that imitation stuff you get at a grocery store that comes in slices, nasty.  I got the sub and the drink - we're talking a 12 inch sub and a medium drink - and the bill was $11.10!! That's just plain outrageous! You don't even get a bag of chips with it for that much money, chips are extra!  The sub was perfectly bland, just another Jimmie Johns style sub excepting not as good as that (and I don't like Jimmie Johns).  After eating this thing and the drinking the drink, my stomach started getting upset.  After 15 minutes, I ended up having to pull the semi over on the side of the highway as I started feeling like I was going to throw up.  I think it was the gross amount of mayonnaise coupled with that nasty cheese that got me close to upchucking, but I'm not sure.  I had to sit there for 20 minutes before the feeling finally subsided and I could start driving again.  There was absolutely NOTHING special about this place OR it's food.  If you really want a sub and are in Casa Grande, Subway is just down the road, is 50 times better tasting and is MUCH cheaper.Adding: the prevailing statement that this place is "cheap" is ridiculous.  If you just buy a sub and nothing else, then I guess it's cheap, but don't add the cheese!  If you want a meal, then you add the drink and the chips or fries and now you are in the "moderate" range, of which this place is hardly worthy of the prices it's asking to sit down and have a meal. A 12 inch sub - Turkey is what I had - is $6.89, NOT including cheese, which for a foot long is $1.05 more.  Since everywhere else does NOT add for cheese, the price of that sub is actually $7.94.  This is a plain-Jane sub, nothing fancy at all.  Then add a medium drink, of which I had, which is if you get the eegee's, is $2.29, a medium soda is $1.89.  Note, there were no combos listed on the menu at all.  A small fries is $1.99, a  bag of chips is $1.29.  So, if you get their infamous "eegee's" drink in medium size, a 12 inch sub and a bag of chips, you are at $13.22 for a meal without tax!  This is completely outrageous!!  You'll pay $5 less for a FAR superior sub combo at Subway.  That is the sticking point: This place does NOT have combo prices!Referencing the review that says "these people are clueless", referring to the Yelps! that are giving Eegee's a poor review, and since mine is the only poor review, let me just say this: it is obvious that most if not all of these other reviews are from people who grew up going to Eegee's.  This chain obviously has a sentimental value to them.  Mine is a  subjective review with no bias since I had never eaten before at this establishment and this was my first (and last) time ever eating there.  The food I ate there was bland, almost tasteless.  The price for a meal, since there are no combos listed on the menu, are outrageous for the food being served.  This is the plain facts.  The price tag definitely is NOT worth it for the food that is being served.Additional edit: per the reviewer that thinks Subway is inferior to this place, please give me a break.  Subway is FAR superior to this place, in fact, just about any of the sub shops are way better.  Some of Subway's meats are of the "processed" flavor but not all of them and I can stand there, watching them make the sandwich and tell them how much of this and that I want on it, which you definitely cannot do at Eegee's.  The Eegee's sub I had was the worst sub I have ever tasted, period.  I did like the Eegee's shaved ice drink, I'll give them kudos for that, it was good.
5	The people who are writing poor reviews of eegee's are CLUELESS!  I grew up on them, and every person I know who no longer lives in Tucson (the only other location besides this new one), looks forward to stopping for eegee's the minute we hit town.  Don't listen to the poor reviews.  These people obviously don't know what's good!  :)
5	It's a nice change to most of the other Fast Foods.
3	Never been to an egees before and I was craving a hotdog from one of those stands usually outside a lowes, but this lowes didn't have one! So I went to egees which surprising Nathan's hotdogs were on their menu! The staff were friendly and greeted me right away when I walked in. While looking at the menu, the pastrami sandwich caught my eye so I thought I would try it out. I ordered a side salad too with Italian dressing. I love that this is a healthy option that's available. The salad was good. The sandwich wasn't memorable. I could imagine getting it again only because I forgot I already had it! Lol. One more thing. I think the rag they use to clean the tables smell kind of funky. But I am not positive of that statement. I was also sitting across the trash. It was a localized whiff but wasn't the entire restaurant. Lol. I will update on that in my next visit.
4	I like eegees, the food is ok not the best but that isn't why we go there for. They are know for their frozen drinks called eegees which are awesome and even more awesome in the summer time. Service is usually fast and friendly.
5	Great sandwiches and Italian slushy drinks . Nice to see a Tucson favorite over here and Cassa Grande. I love the food but can't stand the wait when a mother of small children shows up and expects them to make a decision on what drink they want . They always seem to get there 30 seconds before I show up. Aaaaahhhhggg!
1	This place is so over rated, their sandwiches have no flavor and way too much mayo, and the eegee isn't good enough to go just for that.
5	Awesome service and great food. Always stop on my way through Casa Grande. Get the ranch fries!
