5	A huge sneaker store on the strip.......wierd.OK this store gets 5 stars for one reason....they had the Stan Smiths in a size 14. Yes, the white whale of my sneaker collection was found on the strip in Vegas. I have been looking for these sneakers since 97 and stumbled upon them on the strip of all places.The store other wise is cool but nothing too special. Basically go here if your looking for a pair of Adidas sneakers that you cant find anywhere else in the world.
5	5 STARS! This is a great great store. there are 3 other outlet stores in vegas but you would really want to pass by here.GREAT Sales people, they really know their stuff, ask them a question and you end up knowing more about shoes than you wanted. When you need help, just look around and a person in black and white will come to you. Awesome costumer service.All the people here are helpful, the managers do hands on when selling. And the cashiers are great too. PEOPLE HERE ARE FRIENDLY.The selection is good. Mens on first floor and Womens upstairs. Any Adidas Addict would want to visit this store.PLUS! Music is good.
4	I like this adidas store because unlike the Chicago store they always have my favorite shoe in stock, the ZX700, and they have flat laces that I can't find anywhere else called "skater laces" not hip hop thick but not as thin as the stock laces.
4	This place is tight. I have been considering picking up some adidas gear to match my fit. I picked up the modern version of their track jacket and some black sambas. What I like about this place was that the people actually hustle to find sizes and items for you. I got my sizes and stuff in under 20 minutes. Prices are the same online so no need to go to the outlets or order. Payday came just in time.
2	Couldn't get help to try on shoes (that I would have bought) but they have more than one person greeting at the door.  Great!  No service here, although the selection isn't so bad.
5	Very helpful employees. Great selection.
4	So the prices were fair, the selections were thin. I am not totally sure who would actually get sports equipment on the strip. I was expecting more of the fashion stuff in there. But hey maybe you could get all dressed up and play a quick game of soccer in the middle of the street. Employees were pretty good full of smiles and help.
4	Hours: Open at 10am on Sundays! *Yes, they are open on Father's Day.Inventory: A lot of choices, but not all shoes were available in the size I was looking for--men's US 7.5.Price: The shoes we purchased were around the $65 range, and the shirt was under $30.Service: Raphael was great! He was able to quickly find the shoes I wanted and even took the time to track down the missing shoe from one of the boxes.Location: On the strip across the street of the Monte Carlo hotel.Takes: Walked away with 4 pairs of shoes and a shirt. Morning shopping a success in just 30 minutes. Yup.Bottom line: Go here for your Adidas fix.
5	Being a tennis fan, this place is a must whenever I come to Vegas. Sure, they have an Adidas outlet in LA Citadel, but does not compare to this place. Great golf shirts for work, and outfits for exercise.They have another one at the north side outlets, but this one is less crowded, and the mall is all indoors. Plus, the parking is easier.
3	Two stories of products dedicated to Adidas.  Prices aren't that great, but product selection is.  The best deals are the clearance racks, if they are in there.
4	Good selection of shoes and clothing, although I found they didn't have much in the way of larger sizes on their hoodies.Great location on the strip too.
