3	Decent "Chicago" Style pizza but I would recommend Pizza Chicago's in the bay area before this place.  There's one in SF too.Recommendation: Numero Uno
3	Finding ourselves at the Arizona Center at least once every 2 weeks for a movie at the AMC, my husband and I have discovered that Uno is a decent option when we have been to Sam's a tad too often, and the ONLY option when faced with the prospect of another horrid meal at My Big Fat "Greek" Restaurant. We both like the deep dish pizzas (and I am grateful that they have tasty options for those of us who have tomato sensitivities), and the giant warm chocolate chip cookie sundae is seriously yum. The dinner salads are huge, but pretty mediocre. The onion rings are OK, but not as crispy as I like them. I also love that they have iced mint tea which I've only ever been offered in one other valley restaurant. The service was good and the place was clean.
3	WIthin walking distance from Chase Field, and located in the "Arizona Center", is this Chicago-style pizza restaurant that a friend went to while in NY, we had to go there.  I must say, service was great.  Seated promptly and the waiter was cool.  I didn't eat any of the pizza, because it looked way too doughy and had way too much sauce.  Plus, I'm a thin crust kinda gal ::wink::  I did try the Pomegranite Margarita which hit the spot, probably since it's ingredient is Patron Silver.  Kinda pricey - 2 Margaritas, Large beer, 2 Pizzas - $60-something bucks.  Ehh... I'd take Shakey's anyday!  Besides, I'd get mojos there.
2	Shroom deep dish was my favorite pizza in college, but I haven't had one in years.  So all of a sudden when we were wandering around Tempe and saw Pizzeria Uno, I thought that I just got to have one.It was a mistake.  The mushroom tasted highly acidic, nothing like at all like my fond memories of the dish.  Also my waiter spent most of his time hanging out with his buddies' tables.  So menu, drinks and pizza took much longer than warranted.
3	I like Uno's, really I do.  They have some pretty good pizza, and I can usually count on having a good time when I go.  But, as of lately, I just don't know anymore, especially after this past experience.  I will note, that my experiences at this Uno's have been during lunch hour only.  So, when I go here, I usually sit at the bar for quicker service.  I've seen a couple different people working behind the counter, but this one girl has waited on me before.  She's a cute girl, with black curly hair and seems know her stuff.  My first complaint about her though, is that she constantly calls me "sweetie" or "honey."  I hate that!   Your my server, stop calling me sweetie, ok?  So, she greets me with a  big smile and says "I'll be right with you sweetie!"  I'm already annoyed!So, while I am waiting, I notice that the place just feels really dark and dismal.  Almost to dark.  I start to get a little depressed, and consider drinking, but snapped myself out of it becuase I had to back to work.Anyways, I digress.  So, the happy bartender gal takes my order.  I just ordered a chicken ceaser lunch salad.  Its half the size, and more importantly, half the freakin price!  I didn't want a wheelbarrel of salad people....just something to tide me over until I get off work, ya know?ugh, I wait.  and I wait.  And I wait some more.  I'm reading a book, so time is flying quickly.  I took like 15 minutes to get my salad...and it was the wrong salad!  The girl apologized and was sincerely embarassed...then I became embarassed. I was like "o, its okay, don't stress."  She says "no no, I can take it back"  We went back and forth over this for a few moments.  *sigh*So, my point here is, I ate the salad.  She gave me a little bit off my tab, but it was so awkward for me, I didn't know what else to do.  The salad was tasty though.
4	The menu has changed substantially in the past year or two.  I was pretty impressed with the new menu when my husband and I moved back downtown after a year in Tempe.  Back downtown, we rekindled our habit of getting tickets at the AMC then sitting around for a couple hours next door at Pizzeria Uno before the movie.This isn't just pizza anymore.  They have a variety of healthier options, salads, pastas, burgers, and just about anything that you can think of getting at any typical American chain restaurant.  I'm not a big fan of chains, but I'm excited to see the changes made to their menu.We decided to get an appetizer of wings (because we're from Buffalo, and that is the way of our people) to start off the meal.  When the waiter said they only had one type of sauce, "Buffalo," I had my reservations about how authentic or even decent these wings would be.  So we ordered the smallest size of 8 wings figuring that even if they were not what we expected that we wouldn't feel to hosed with 8 wings.  They were actually good!  The hubby even said if he knew how good they were going to be, he would have just ordered a large order for himself.  Don't get me wrong, these are not the best wings, but they are more than adequate and at the very least good.  The sauce is not Frank's and Butter, but it was a reasonable facsimile: a little hot, a little vinegary.  We asked for them to be cooked crispy and they did, but I can't confirm if that's how they would come if you don't ask.The rest of our meal was tasty, quick and as ordered as it has been every other time we've eaten here.  The service is consistently friendly and good.
3	Went for dinner with Dottsy before hitting First Friday.  The place was pretty empty for a Friday night, so my request for a booth was granted.  Yay for a booth!I got the personal size deep dish with pepperoni.  I'm not a big crust person, but I like that a deep dish has more filling.  So, I cut of the ends of the crust and ate the rest.  Ok, I KILLED the rest!  I love the huge chunks of tomatoes in the sauce.  It had just the right amount of pepperoni, cheese and sauce.Service was friendly and the place was clean.I'm gonna make it a regular stop when I go to the movies over here.Many places near a parking garage validate parking, at least by half.  They didn't do that here (to my knowledge).  Would be a cool feature to add.
4	It was my first visit to Phoenix's First Friday and Amy D. and I were going to be walking our booties off. We decided a yummy diet deviation would be ok considering the mileage we would be walking. Ok ok..that's what I convinced myself and I dragged Amy, an innocent bystander, along with me. I had the Chicago Classic which consisted of crumbled sausage, tomato, mozzarella and grated Romano cheese on top of it all. I am a big fan of Uno's pizzas. It lacked nothing. Of course I had to dip every bite in ranch dressing but hey..I was hiking that night, remember?I don't know whether Uno's is authentic Chicago pizza, but I do know that I love it. It manages to make thick, deep dish pizza, without soggying up the buttery crust. I can't make this a regular spot, but it's a spot that I enjoy visiting when I embark on a calorie burning night!
2	I was craving pizza. I wanted to try somewhere local and found this place across the street from hotel. I ordered to go, and the host was bubbly and cute. I didnt know what I wanted so I decided to try the "recommended" pizza skins and the numero uno deep dish. The skins came the size of a peresonal pizza and had the deep dish crust, looking like a pizza, but it was filled with mashed potatoes and topped with bacon bits. I do not recommend. It was too starchy, and not enough flavor. I only had one piece. The pizza was good. It was basically a combination and the personal pizza was huge. The crust became a bit much after a few pieces, but the filling was great. I think the restaurant has better options, but rating purely on food I was not impressed.  If I were ever to go back, id keep it simple... a pepperoni thin crust.
3	Low expectations. That's what I had when we stopped to have a bite before a movie. Not a big fan of deep dish, we were delighted to see "flat bread" pizzas offered. The sausage pizza, while could have been crunchier, was quite good. Service was great considering our friend was so dehydrated from being overserved the previous evening, he must have had a dozen ice tea refills. The ambience at these places kills me. It's like Oregano's married Cracker Barrel! There is crap all over the walls. Hey. Who's dusting this stuff anyway. I did notice quite a bit of dust and grease on the light fixture above our table. We attempted to try the pizza place a few doors away, but they were closed. I suggested Hooter's but before I finished saying it, we all squealed in all of our gayness...."Ewww...boobies!". So Uno it was. But I couldn't help think of that card game Uno. Damn that's a fun game. And I also couldn't get a guy from high school outta my head. His nickname was Uno. He got it one day in the locker room after gym class. You figure it out. I'll go again if I'm ever at the AZ Center. I just might bring my Windex and Endust however.
2	I have been here twice.  The food is OK, nothing special but not bad.I have had pizzas and salads and they were as described but nothing to write home about.My main gripe about this place is the service.  It has been slow and innattentive on both occasions.  On the latest visit the place was half empty but there was a 10-15 minute wait?  While we stood there, two customers came up to the hostess asking her to take their money as their servers had disappeared.I like  the Arizona Center but try My Big Fat Greek Restaurant... Plenty of staff, great outside seating and a much more pleasant experience.
3	I visit this Pizzeria Uno every so often for its "happy hour" (aka "snack hours"). During their happy hour, they usually have three-dollar beers and "small plate" versions of their normal appetizers for $1.99 or $2.99. Some of the appetizers (like the nachos or thin-crust pizza) are actually almost the same size as the normal appetizers and can be a good deal.Service is generally mediocre. Sometimes you will have great service and you will get your drinks and food relatively quickly, but other times it can take almost 20 minutes to get a few beers and a single slider with some tortilla chips. I suppose it could be the kitchen...The atmosphere is, of course, nothing more than your classic "American bar and grill" with lots of "flare" (think Office Space). Coca-Cola advertising, Route 66 signs and various Phoenix sports paraphernalia predominate. During warm weather, you can sit outside on their patio located off the Arizona Center's main plaza.
2	Say "BITES." Say "WINGS."Apparently, my waiter did not know the difference between "WINGS" and "BITES," because when my roommate and I ordered buffalo BITES, we got WINGS instead. We hate wings and love bonless buffalo BITES. It was even more frustrating when our buddy came to join us at happy hour and the waiter spoke for two minutes about how he prefers the BITES over the WINGS.I know I probably sound dramatic, but I will NOT be back...
5	Ah, Chicago Pizza! It's been four months and this was a slice of heaven. You people from Chicago know what I'm talking about. We ran into this by accident and we just had lunch, but we had to go in and order a pizza anyways. Yes, we ate the whole thing. The crust was a little different but I'm not complaining one bit. Loved it!
2	Ended up here last week looking for a quick place to have lunch with a friend.  we thought they weren't open but someone came out and waved us in.  trying to catch a movie in an hour we decided to try them out.  we were first disappointed to find out that they don't have chicago style thin crust.  "They have flatbread"  but this was remiss.let me preface by stating I spent the first 18 years of my life growing up in Northern Illinois and I'd like to think I know a thing or two about chicago pizza, generally you have your more popular Chicago style deep with the stuffed topping and a layer of sauce on top, then the lesser known "but still delicious" Chicago style thin, which is thicker than NY style usually square cut with lots of cheese and some of the toppings under the cheese, usually with sweeter sauce.well Uno doesn't have this, they have flatbread, but I'm sorry I thought I was going into an "AUTHENTIC CHICAGO STYLE PIZZA" place for a chicago style pizza.  After we gave up the dream of thin crust we ordered a deep dish with a few meats. a while later (remember it's deep dish) we got our pizza and although it wasn't bad it wasn't anything special and I think they should maybe tone it down on the "CHICAGO THIS, and CHICAGO that, keep your windy city to yourself, cuz I'm not fooled"I give them credit for getting the pizza out in a reasonable time frame, but paying $25 for a pizza that was "alright" didn't leave me in a good mood.  But you can be kind of a dick about pizza when you grew up eating what you believe is some of the best pizza in the world.
2	I should've ordered the pizza, but noooo I went for the wings...yeah wings not boneless bites.  I got wings 3 ways...6 wings, lucliky I paid happy hour price, I can't see paying the regular menu price for 6 wings.  I tried the asian, garlic buffalo and sam adams bbq.   The asian was bland and too p-nutty, the bbq was lame, the garlic buffalo much better and left me wanting more.  I sat at the bar, only 2 of us there but it was raining out and a little cold.  Since I live just 2 blocks from here I am sure I will be back, I will order something other than the wings next time.
