5	No other grocery store comes close! Harris Teeter is not only the greatest supermarket in the area, it is also the greatest supplier of self-branded items I know of. I moved down to Charlotte for college in 2006 to UNC Charlotte, where I was first accustomed to what is deemed the "University Area Teeter". I immediately feel in love with not only the store itself, but the chain of stores, as I looked for these wherever  I would find myself visiting in the south. It wasn't long before I understood that the store has so much more to offer than just grocery. To break it down some, ok, it's a grocery store. This is obvious. Standard brand-name items are in abundance. Can you buy beer here? Yes. According to my sources Harris Teeter will also soon be breaking out a "brewing" section in the months to come for home-brewers. This *may* have everything from equipment sales (fermentation buckets, sanitation, bottle cappers, etc) to actual ingredients (yeasts, malts, etc.). Ok, I'm off topic here. *Still yet to be announced.* ANYWAY, what else? Harris Teeter imitation items- duplicates the name-brand for a fraction of the cost. Like to stay fit and eat Kellog's Special K? Try Teeter brand "It's Berry Special" for around $2 less! Get occasional constipation and buy Miralax? Try... Teeter...-lax. Save $5-7!! Can't beat it.Full deli with great food. Their subs are pretty good, and by pretty good I mean amazing. Have VIC card (personal savings card)? With every 15th, 6in sub, you get one foot-long free. Boom. Doesn't take long for me. The deli meats and cheeses are premium Boars Head brand and also Harris Teeter brand. For those who don't know about Boars Head, they are highly respectable. That said, the Harris Teeter is very comparable with savings.Bread department has quite the selection. Looking for a specific loaf? You'll find it. Want it to be quality/ fresh? You'll have it. Depending on which location you go to, there are those, like University Area, that put out samples with either hummus, tapenade, or a butter. This is pretty fantastic.Ok so some people might tell you that Harris Teeter is expensive. NOT TRUE. First, get yourself a VIC card. You would be extremely surprised with how many items on your grocery list have a sale price. I would be estimating here, but it appears as though about at least 70% of all items can be found with a little yellow and red tag (sale tag) on their shelf. Second, TRY the Harris Teeter brand items. 9 times out of 10 they do a fantastic job of duplicating the name-brand, and sell for anywhere between 40-70% of the cost. I have yet to be disappointed with these. And as for a combination between these two? Sometimes you can find these items on sale as well, saving you in the vicinity of 80% down from the name-brand. Harris Teeter recently opened this location in the Davis Lake Commons, and I couldn't be happier as it is now directly in my neighborhood! The location itself has been a Lowe's foods since I moved in and was recently "swapped" with another Teeter location. I don't know the in's and out's of the corporate particulars, but think each company found a better demographic in their corresponding areas. In any case, the newly renovated store has it all, layout is great, and it is very clean (would hope so, as it is new). Did I mention it's fantastic location!?I wrote too much.
4	This is my favorite HT but not my most visited.  This store use to be lowes foods...until about a half a year ago....its big and clean.  Almost the exact same setup as the Lowes....Its in a shopping center with chick-fil-a,a jasons deli, and a chinese restaurant so you could enjoy some other eats.
4	One of my favorite Harris Teeters in the University area, although it may qualify as Northlake. It was remodeled from a former Lowes foods and they did a great job. The produce section is abundant with a nice selection of organics. The salad bar is large and always fresh. The pizza bar looks great and makes me wish I can eat pizza. They have a surprisingly huge pet supply section with pretty good prices. I was looking forward to Harris Teeter remodling their other stores to be like this one but sadly it seems that won't happen.
4	Typical Harris Teeter with all the super nice products and decent selection of those hard to find items. The produce section was a little small and being that I visited the day before thanksgiving it was pretty picked through. The staff there was super helpful and pleasant albeit being slammed with customers at the time I was there. I'd probably come back based on just the customer service alone.
2	The store is nice but needlessly expensive, charging more for certain items is expected but the premium over food lion isn't worth it.   Pretty much the only thing I like is the pizza bar and even that isn't worth it when you have to wait in line at the bar and checkout.
5	This may not be the biggest Harris Teeter in town and have all the extra's that other locations have, but this by far is my favorite location so far.Most of the employees will go above and beyond to serve you the best customer service. It is almost impossible for me to walk in and walk through a department without an employee at least saying hello. I will admit that some items are priced higher than other surrounding stores but you can find great items at everyday prices. They have recently started to lower some of their prices and this makes me happy.
1	They always close down the meat counter & salad bar way before they need to. And the "fresh" fish is bs. I don't understand why anyone would put rotting fish in the case.
