3	I have been to this Landis a few times over the last 10 years or so and it's a pretty good place to get some help and they have a good selection of brands to choose from.  Staff was help full helping me pick out my new bike, but I kind of already knew what I wanted from what I saw on the Internet.I ordered my bike, they said should be on Wed. so I called on Thurs. morning and they said "yeah we got it but we need to put it together, call you when it's done."    ---FYI it takes about 15 minute to put a bike together.So I went on Fri. morning (they didn't call) and they had it almost done and took about 10 min to finish.     Kinda made me mad they were so blase about it.
4	I don't know what happened with Matt but they were great to my friend.he ended up getting a Specialized hybrid for the purpose of commuting.  Their selection is a little small but they carry a few good brands (Trek and Specialized) as well as a good selection of tools and maps/books.The sales people were very nice and put his bike together on the spot real quick.  They are a good small business and are a little more accessible to the aspiring bicyclist than the big boys and junk shops.
1	As a beginner triathlete, I was in desperate need of a road bike....especially since I have a few races already on the calendar.  I'm a swimmer, I'm a runner, but I'm NOT a biker......so the whole idea was intimidating.  As was the idea of buying a road bike.  BUT, after saving up and doing some research I was off....  First stop, Landis.  I entered the store and was greeted by a person at the counter.  When I said I wanted to buy a road bike (making it clear I was here to purchase and not just browse), he went to find another person to help me.  I was asked my price range, and yes, I get it, $900 doesn't get me fancy but hey, I didn't want fancy.  He couldn't show me anything on the floor in my size, so he called the Scottsdale store to see their availability.  After maybe 10 mins he comes back to tell me they have the least expensive Trek bike for women but it's in a box and not built.  Okaaaaay......???Silence from my sales associate.Finally he says, well, you could have them build it for you and call you when it's done.Okaaaay.....???Silence from my sales associate.  Okaaaaay.....thanks for your help.I can only describe this customer service as snobby and uninterested.  Sorry I'm a beginner.  Sorry I'm not a man.  Sorry I don't have $1500 to spend on a road bike.  But I was there to buy, and was very disappointed in the way I was treated.Side note:  At my second stop, Performance Bike (see review), I encountered another woman buying a road bike who had been to Landis earlier that day.  And we both received the same customer service.  Apparently, women who are beginners are not welcome there.  Very disappointing.
1	Well, I was forced to return here to drop my bike off to be shipped to Ironman Wisconsin through Tribike Transport.  Good, I thought, maybe they'll make it back into my good graces.Nope.Sure, I dropped my bike off an hour before the deadline...my fault.  I asked if they could do a quick look over if they have time before it's picked up, and I got a straight up "No, we can't".  Oookkaaaaay.  And then, I got no "Good luck", even though it was obvious I was dropping it off to go to Wisconsin for an IRONMAN!  Geez....it's kinda a big deal, ya know?  Don't they have a triathlon team?  Then, when I picked it up, I didn't even get a "How did your race go?".  Nothing.  I mean, can't a girl brag a little?That was your last chance Landis.  Peace.
1	I can't stand this place.  I made 3 attempts to purchase (and to get educated) on a new mountain bike.  The sales staff were arrogant and completely useless.  I finally purchased a new bike from another store.  It's a shame as Landis is right by my house.  I will not even buy an inner tube from them.
4	Unlike the Chandler location, the Tempe location was very helpful. I spoke with Kevin who was both friendly and happy to answer my questions. I tried out a couple of Specialized bikes and was really impressed. Even though I wasn't quite ready to buy, he was still very helpful, gave me some pricing and product catalogs and was just really pleasant to deal with. When I am ready to buy, this shop is pretty high on my list of retailers to buy from.
5	Best bike shop in town, very knowledgeble staff, all around good people, trust me, stop wasting your time with these other shops that wont even remember your name.....Great experience I promise!!!!!
5	Great shop. I've used Landis in Tempe mostly for service, parts, supplies, and a warranty frame replacement. The service has always been highly competent, the prices have always been fair, and I've always been very pleased with the experience. I've also recommended this shop to friends. This shop is always my first choice.
5	Best bike shop in town. The staff knows their stuff and the web page is awesome. Give them a try.
5	Great shop. Went in with the intent of buying a Trek Madone 3.1 on a killer deal. They had my size in stock and ready to go. Just added some Shimano SH11 pedals and a couple bottle cages on it. Took maybe 25 minutes or so and I got great help from Noah. All the guys were knowledgeable and cool. Landis has been in business for a long time for good reason. Great equipment, good prices, good availability, knowledgeable and cool people. Highly recommended.
5	I have been biking in Az and have probably tried every bike shop in the Tempe area.The people Tempe Landis have always been very cordial to me.They have always been willing to just "shoot the breaze" with me even on the numerous times I have just gone in to look around.Their work has always been great and inthe event they might not stock something I needed were always able to order it in short times.BEST BIKE SHOP IN ARIZONA.
5	These dudes customer service was top notch!Needed repairs on my beach cruiser and these guys rocked it!(And they have some really cool bikes in there too.)If you just happen to need one of those $6000 - $8000 dollar bikes, they got 'em!
5	I usually do business with the W. Indian School Road shop, but I was in Tempe and stopped by for the first time.Again, I was *so impressed* with everything about Landis Cyclery. Very friendly and competent employees. Very affordable gear. Thumbs up!
5	These guys and gals helped me ride across Spain as well as peddle about AZ - very nice and very helpful.
4	Very nice and professional shop... Prices are a little high but that is to be expected when looking at high end bikes... Very good customer service and help figuring out what you need without paying for too many bells and whistles you'll never need or use... This is where I'm getting my bike for a number of reasons... If they were a little less expensive or had a sale price or discount I'd give them that 5th star...
5	I've had a couple great experiences here. Staff is great especially Eric who is really helpful and knowledgable. Will def be going back for all my bike needs.
5	The staff here is very helpful!I've taken my bikes in for minor repairs & purchased accessories.They are a friendly & knowledgeable group.There was no hesitation when I purchased a helmet & needed help with adjusting the fit.I'll definitely return for my bike needs and future purchases. I'm not going to lie, I prefer to buy used bikes only because they're more affordable, but I wouldn't hesitate to support this shop whenever!
5	Great customer service.   Reasonable prices.  Repair and Maintenance done well and reasonably priced.  Love the Tempe north staff.
5	These guys helped me build my bike from frame up. They had all the parts and ordered the ones they didn't have promptly. I was educated by the techs and overall happy with the service I received.
5	I visited Landis last July for my first ever road bike and have been a happy customer since. Knowing next to nothing about road bikes at the time, the staff was extremely helpful and patient in finding the right bike for me. I've since taken it in to get fitted and was extremely pleased with the process. I continue to support Landis as you really can't beat their service.
4	New to Tempe, I needed some help with brake parts for my old Cannondale Scalpel.A friend from work recommended Landis and i was NOT disappointed.When i entered the shop, there were mechanics working feverishly repairing bikes, salespersons helping customers with new bikes, and lots of customers.I stopped in unannounced on a SAT afternoon, and they immediately fit my bike  in for a quick minor brake caliper install and tune. I ran a few errands and returned 45 minutes later.  My bike was tuned better than expected and they only charged me a nominal fee-Now, Tomorrow I can go take a ride as my bike is back on the road.!I RECOMMEND Landis Cyclery, they took good  care of me........
1	A few months ago the back wheel of my beach cruiser began squeaking badly. I got a diagnosis of what could be causing it by this place and Dominic's 2 Wheelers (my usual bike shop). I took it here because I thought the diagnosis they gave me seemed more accurate than the other place and it was closer in distance. After I got it back several days later it began to squeak again as I was almost home. I was too tired that day to head back to this place to address it. I just should have went to Dominic's in the first place.
4	Great group. Very helpful.
5	The staff is amazing.  I had taken my bike to two other bike shops that were covered under warranty from when I bought the bike.  There was a shifting issue and the claimed to have fixed it each time I brought it in and said it still was not working.  I then took it here and they had it diagnosed and fixed.  They worked with the Specialized bike reps to help get the parts covered under warranty and also gave me an awesome rental bike to use for the weekend while mine was getting fixed.
5	This is a great bike shop.  Vanessa and Jon always take really good care of the bikes.  Both are extremely helpful, passionate about bikes, and pay attention to all the details.  They are perfectionists and won't let your bike leave the shop without being perfect.  Love this place!
5	Newly addicted to cycling, I bought a couple of vintage Italian and Japanese road bikes that I wanted to restore and convert to single speed.  I had gone to the 3 popular east valley bike shops to look around for parts and to get some work done.  Not being super familiar with the difference in European/Japanese/American thread pitch parts interchange, these guys were very knowledgeable and were very willing to help out. I had them convert a wheel I had to single speed and also replace a tube on one of my tires on two separate occasions. Both times I had friendly and knowledgeable service.  I was able to watch them work and get tips on other things I needed done.  Their labor rate was less then anyone else and they did the work while I waited.  Top notch service and price!!!  I like supporting local shops so I will be coming back here often.
5	I have been in this shop several times and always with such great service. Today I bought a new bike and again the service was awesome. Very knowledgeable and honest.  Salesman didn't try to upsell me. When I came to pick up the bike, the young men that helped me was absolutely friendly and great to deal with. He took the time to watch me ride, got my seat set, put new pedals on and got me set up with a great front and rear light set. I highly recommend this shop!
5	These guys know what they're doing.  My yellow Trek Marlin 5 acquired a broken spoke somehow while riding which then loosened all the other spokes, but Landis was able to fix everything and get the wheel true again.  I think the knowledgable guy who worked on my rear wheel was named Phil.  It's nice to know that I have a good neighborhood bike shop.  My brother was impressed with the service enough to say, "You know, that makes me want to buy a bike from them."  I'm sure he will.
