5	I have been going to this nail salon for the past ten (10) years.  I have Nancy do my nails and Tammy does my pedicures.  Never a complaint when I ask them to do things my way ;-)  I know I am picky, but they never roll their eyes, get pissy or start talking Vietnamese behind my back...LOL!  Well, at least I think so ;-) When I want my nails a certain way, they do them the way I want.  If they make a mistake, like file a nail too low, they fix it.  They know I do NOT like my nails taken off and when they absolutely have to, Nancy is very gentle; she knows I am a crybaby.  In the past, I haven't liked the nail color, they have completely removed it and we did another color on them.  In fact, they could see I didn't like it and removed it without me asking.  They really try to please the customers there.  I have seen many women and MEN leave without complaint. They are clean, have relaxing chairs to sit in for pedicures and two televisions to watch (just ask them to change it to any channel, they will).  One time I made the mistake of going across the street because I had an immediate nail fill I needed...I regretted it.  One (1) week later when five (5) of my nails fell off and had to go to Nancy to get a full set.  Of course, I had to hear her admonish me too, but I had an important dinner to go to and was desperate; I should have just went with a bandage covering the nail ;-)Good nail salon, good workers, professional, friendly and they do great work!
4	Went on a 1st date, and he wanted to pedicures and I'm not going to say no to that! But when I told my girlfriends about the date they said oh he might be a foot fetish kind of guy, so they creped me out hahaHe picked Kn Nails, and it was on a sat afternoon, place was not too busy the Olympic games where on and everyone was invested into that!I don't remember the name of the gentleman who did my pedicure, man it was the best foot massage I have had in forever! Felt pampered!  Also date didn't give me the creeper vibe so I was relaxed and enjoying it. Also got a cute design as well!If I am ever in the area, I wouldn't mind coming back!s/n date was cheap, he didn't tip smh    but got a good pedicure!
5	Reasonable prices and excellent service. I came here with my little sister and step mom to get a manicure and pedicure. The technicians were very friendly and the prices were fair. While I don't live in the area should I come back for a girls day out this is where we'll be.
5	This is my new favorite spot. I decided to take the advice from yelpers and try this place out myself. The prices are very reasonable, the two sisters are real  nice, my nails are too cute. I couldn't be more satisfied. If you've  never been here,  this is the place to go.This place is a keeper for sure. Two thumbs up .
3	For APPTS:  Even though I made an appointment, they were really busy and it took them about 20-25 minutes to start my pedicure.  I wasn't in a rush today but I know that if it is crunch time, this may not be a place for anything but a walk-in.   Appts are not needed and walk-in are welcome.  DECOR:  Looks like any other salon.  The chairs, although older, worked great for the "massage" aspect so don't let the fact that they look old and non-working be a deterrent.MAKING REQUESTS: I asked for a few things and they were very quick to adjust to meet my requests WITHOUT all the usually issues one gets at some salons.  They were actually HAPPY to go the extra mile, which I appreciate.PRICES: They have a range of prices for pedicures from $20-$32, so something for everyone's budget.  They did not do the "For $5.00, we can add_____." thing that is common in salons these days.I got their deluxe pedicure and they did a good job with my pedicure. Great foot massage!!!!   My feet are still a little rough in a couple areas, although all the callus have been removed.  I should have taken a few minutes to check to make sure they got all the rough spots, something that I am not used to "having" to do.  The nail polish looks great and I love the color.  I didn't get a design this time so I can't speak about that or their manicures.  They had a small but good selection of colors but nothing to write home about.  If you have an unusual color in mind, (mint green vs just green) I would bring a bottle with you, just in case you can't find something close to what you are looking for.They also offer the eyelash extensions, feathers, and glitter hair appliques, if you are interested in those.This is the first salon in the area that I have went to and I will go back if I don't find something better.
5	My mom, aunt, and I have been going here for 9 years and are always happy with the end result! Nancy, Kathy, and the rest of their team are always warm and friendly and make good conversation and are always asking me about my family and how school and work are going. I'm a klutz and always end up ruining my polish but they will always let me go back a day or two later and fix it for free. They actually just got new pedi chairs that I finally tried out last night and they are awesome! :) I'll always come back here as long as I live in this area.
4	I have been coming here for over 10 yrs.  I try other places and always come back to Nancy's place.  They are friendly, I like my nails and pedi's.
3	This was my first time visiting this place. I was in for Gel nails. I'm not sure if this was the way they always do their gel nails or because it was the end of the day they just decided to rush the process. They removed the previous gel from my nails (from a different nail salon) then they filled but it was rushed and sloppy. I do like the color on my nails but it does not look clean. I did only pay 15 dollars and I'm not sure if that's the regular price or why they charged so cheap (maybe because they knew they would be rushing and didn't want me to have to pay full price for their work. At least that was thoughtful of them). They are nice people though, alot nicer than other salons I've been to. I might just need to come in earlier when they are not drained from the rest of the day. I would give them a second chance!
