4	oh Big Lots... one of those places that is rough looking from the outside but you can find some decent cheap shit inside.  This is def a place that is judged by its cover but everyone likes to save money and they really do have cheap stuff here. Seriously ..food, snacks, kitchen cleaners, toilet paper .. all the necessary little things you need at the house.. FOR CHEAP. ( im a bargain deal slut, i admit it).Also bought a futon from here and was very well priced and its of very good quality too (for a futon). They have a lot of furniture for low prices. Wander in here if you happen to pass by and have some time to kill. Bet ya 5 bucks you won't come out empty handed!
4	Oftentimes we'll stop by Big Lots if we've dropped off our car at Firestone and are waiting for them to finish with the oil change.  They're like the bargain basement version of Target.  They have all sorts of home items, food, and furniture.  You can get a pretty good deal on some of the furniture items, and sometimes they have sales which knock the prices down even lower.  I have to say though, I don't normally go out of my way to go here unless I had a reason to go to this shopping center, such as getting car service at Firestone or working out at Pure Fitness before they went out of business.
4	Went looking for cleaning products but didn't buy any because it was junk. Stuff that falls apart and one time use items. Also the prices were no different then a grocery stores.  They do have quick pick up items that are not bad if you don't want the congestion of a large grocery store place.
4	Shoot, no 'souvenirs' to take home to the Midwest.  Mainly hit the store to compare pricing with my own local Big Lots.Good deals abound as most other stores are overpriced with their offerings.  Granted you have to make a good decision about what you buy, but that's true no matter what store you walk into.
5	This 5 stars goes to Emily that we met over furniture department. She's the most amazing sales person, super helpful and give the best customer service ever. And her attitude just flawless. She bend over backward in helping us. TRULY AWESOME PERSON!!! Thank you so much Emily... wish there are more people like you with huge awesomeness of customer service.
