2	EVERY time I've been here there has been a line(anywhere from 10 to 20+ people) and only ONE person working the counter. Parking outside is very limited, and often there is a queue.. I try to go after "peak" hours...but it's still ridiculous. Last time I was there, I felt bad for the woman behind the counter(who was really trying to do her best) because the line was literally out the door. Every person in line was pissy, and several people voiced their dissatisfaction. Bottom line: avoid at all costs. There HAS to be another Post Office in the Madison area that is better staffed.
3	My experience was fine. Lady was nice enough helping me mail some important documents express and there wasnt much of a line at 230pm when i was there. Standard post office but could see how if only one person was working it might take a while.
1	Not going to be as nice as Joyce; her review reminded me that I have a PO Box here and visit quite regularly.- Parking lot is terrible. Nearly always full. Can't count the number of times I've had to park elsewhere, as the lot is always full.- Understaffed. Noon on a Thursday, and maybe - MAYBE - 2 clerks working- Staff seems to enjoy taking a ton of time with each customer; one guy will run through every available option and explain every single detail, seemingly trying to delay the transaction or explore every single option before moving to his next set of questions. I've watched him run through the "How would you like this letter sent today? We can do first class mail for $0.46, which should get it to Buffalo, NY in 3-4 days, or we can do priority mail for $5.45, which should get it to Buffalo, NY in 2-3 days, or we can do...." you get the idea. Really dude? Really? Every damn time??- As a result of the above scenario, lines usually out to the lobby- My mail is regularly crumpled/crammed into my PO Box; I check it 2 - 3 times/week- Other POs leave the Box area open for longer hours; not this one- Clientele usually poorly prepared; packages not labeled properly, don't know how to send something - lots of hand holdingUgh. Just so not worth it.
