5	My daughter and I were headed for Jimmy Johns with the babbies for a bite to eat when I spotted the grand opening sign for this place and the word Hawaiian.  Screeeech!  We went here instead and were very glad.  Not only were the two ladies behind the counter as nice as could be, very helpful, very patient concerning a fussy baby and active toddler, but the food was fantastic!  When I saw the soups on the menu I asked them where were they two weeks ago when I was coming down with the cold from hell and wanted nothing but chicken soup to eat?  They evidently had just opened a few days earlier.I got a BBQ Mix that included beef, chicken and short ribs, all tender and moist with wonderful flavor.  My daughter got a Chicken and Seafood Mix that included shrimp and white fish.  We traded bites and everything was delicious.  So were the Crab Puffs we got as an appetizer.  Nummy!   I posted pictures.And to top it off everything on the menu was 25% off as a Grand Opening special.  So it was wonderful AND a bargain.  My only regret is the 25% off was only till Oct 31st and I meant to get back again by then but didn't.  I'll still try to return before I leave the area, though.Parking is a piece of cake--there's a huge lot.I highly recommend this spot.
5	My coworkers and I Love coming to this place to get Hawaiian food! So much better than Onos bbq! The BBQ chicken is to die for! it is so much food for such a great price! Only problem i have with them is they don't deliver and i am 90% of the time the food picker upper. So once they get delivery goin ill be more than happy!!I cannot force myself to get anything besides the bbq chicken because it is just that good, the luau pork has so much in there i only ate a few bites and was stuffed.  And i have an appetite believe me.  My coworkers tend to get the crispy shrimp and the katsu chicken or teriyaki and love all of the food they ever try besides these as well.This place does not use MSG to my knowledge otherwise my boyfriend would be throwing up every time we order since he is allergic to MSG. My coworkers happen to love the crispy shrimp and the bbq short ribs as well along with the potsickers.
5	Being one of the few places open on New Year's Day, we ventured in wanting some slow-roasted pork.  The lady at the counter was very nice and friendly, and it took only a short time for the kalua pork to be made.  It smelled heavenly and tasted even better!  The pork was tender, juicy, and had a deep, smokey flavor to it.  We even got a coupon for our next visit.  The convenient location also makes it a great place for a casual lunch or dinner.
3	To me, Hawaiian food is one of the best comfort foods out there. Give me teriyaki chicken and mac salad over fried chicken and macaroni and cheese any day. (well almost any day) So of course when I hear there is a new Hawaiian place in town I have to go check it out.The boyfriend and I went to get our plate lunch on on a Thursday night. I would assume they since they across the street from MCC they do most of their business at lunch because at 7pm we were the only people in the place. If they don't get a lunch rush, this place may be doomed.I ordered the BBQ beef mini plate and boyfriend got the chicken katsu mini. The food came out fast. If you've had Hawaiian food before you know the portions are generally quite large and this place is no different. The mini plate is plenty of food for one person - a decent sized portion of meat, a scoop of white rice and a scoop of mac salad.The BBQ beef had a good flavor and was tender. Boyfriend enjoyed the katsu as well, good pieces of chicken. The mac salad was different. I think there may have been shrimp in it? It was pink and had a slight shrimp taste to it. Not a typical mac salad but not bad.We both left satisfied but not blown away. However, a couple hours later I didn't feel quite right - like the kind of feeling I get if I eat MSG. Now I don't know for sure that there was MSG in the food but I felt weird and boyfriend couldn't sleep. Hopefully it was just a coincidence but if you're sensitive to MSH like I am, you might want to be on the lookout.
5	My wife and I have frequented this restaurant since it opened.We used to go to Aloha Kitchen,but no more.Not only is the service much more pleasant,they also make their luau pork everyday.not just Wed and Sat.Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Best chicken Katsu,bbq chicken,and fried fish are my wifes faves.I also luv the short ribs and luau pork.Please give these folks a try,you will come back.
1	I went to eat here today because I was in the mood for something different and did not want to go far. I should have stuck with Cheba Hut. I ordered a burger and fries. The burger meat was probably OK but whatever cheese they use on their burgers was disgusting. It tasted like the $0.99 cheese that you but when you are a few days away from payday and need something to go on your bologna sandwiches. I would highly recommend that you avoid this place. I have never been somewhere that screws up a simple burger this bad. Never eating here again.
4	Very good Hawaiian bbq! The meat is seasoned well, and they also have seafood. Reasonable prices, I'll be coming back!
2	Good food. They're going to ask if you want the bbq chicken bun for 2.00. Don't get it. It's really small and only worth a dollar maybe at most.
5	A fantastic place for all types of BBQs, chicken, pork, beef. The BBQ beef is FANTASTIC! It's like Korean BBQ, but for a fraction of cost. I love this place! They give you a large portion for a fraction of price and the quality remains high. If you have a large party, then it's a place to go. Their catering service is awesome. I have dined in & catered out . The owners are nice and friendly. The place is clean.If you crave for certain Chinese dishes, you can ask the owner to make some for you. Don't forget to try their tender BBQ ribs. Yum!!
3	Food was plentiful but mediocre. BBQ Beef was the best thing we had. I didn't like the macaroni salad at all, but to be honest I usually don't care for it unless it's from Aloha cafe. Atmosphere- well there isn't much to speak of, but the lady behind the counter was very nice! If your in the area not a bad place to stop for an inexpensive lunch.
3	Nice family owned restaurant with a large menu of Hawaiian influenced meals. Inside is very clean and tidy. They have some of the items up with pictures to help you make your selection. Fish, Chicken, Beef, Shrimp, Salads, Soups, Burgers and more.Ordered the BBQ Chicken and Seafood Mix Combo. It came with BBQ chicken that was very tender along with some fried White Fish and Shrimp. This dish was served on a bed of steamed Cabbage with a side of both white Rice and Macaroni Salad. I thought the food tasted pretty good but it did not knock my socks off. Experienced what felt like a MSG headache afterwards as well. Hmmm?Great value and large portions with party trays and family meals also available. They even have a dish called the Loco Moco with Spam Spam Spam Spam, some Fried Eggs smothered in brown Gravy.3.5 SPAMS - I mean STARS
4	Certainly can't beat eating in Hawaii, but this is second best!
5	I absolutely love this place! The food is amazing and the staff is very friendly ..I always get the bbq mix at least once a week lol bomb.com
4	Wake up in the morning feeling like P.Diddy... and a Hilo Boy [Am I talking about Cafe 100's dish or Matt C.!?]Anyways, so I came here today for lunch instead of the usual boring Hawaiian BBQ place that's half a mile away from home.  I had Yelp'd for some nearby locations for Hawaiian and saw that this place was decently close.  Loving Yelp.  After checking out their menu online, I saw they had a Loco Moco and that sealed the deal for me.  I needed some Hilo-lovin' and dangit, I wanted it NOW!The place itself is really small but very clean.  Service was friendly and the chef actually took my order on top of preparing the most sexy over-easy eggs [I'm telling ya.... lava flow of egg yolk, oh my!].  Located inside a strip mall with a smoke shop next door and Jimmy John's and Cheba Hut nearby, I stumbled in and ordered me a Loco Moco and some spam musubi to-go.  It was love at first bite.  Ever since Ono's discontinued their Loco Moco, I've been craving me some runny egg yolks, gravy, and hamburger like no other.  For their Loco Moco alone, I'll forever be a patron at Golden Hawaiian BBQ.
5	Yes! Hawaiian BBQ I love you so much! I used to work at L&L which I always thought was the king of Hawaiian BBQ however after tasting the cooked cabbage rather than fresh cabbage that L&L and other Hawaiian BBQ joints have I was pleasantly surprised at the difference.  I ended up going with the BBQ Mix and not only was the cooked cabbage an awesome change but the meat was the best I've had. You could tell that it was marinated well as it was so flavorful. And the beef and ribs were so tender that the knife that was provided was not even needed! I'll be back!
4	We ordered over the phone for pick-up which was a great idea. Not much seating inside so take-away is the way to go! Food was delish. Spam musubi was fresh, lightly salted, and very flavorful. The chicken katsu was fried to a crispy-crunchy exterior with tender juicy white meat chicken within. The kalbi short ribs were flavorful (albeit a bit fatty) but super tasty. Steamed rice was good, mac salad was decent, and the cabbage was great! Can't wait to visit again.
5	My brother told me about this place so we tried it out and I must say that it is super duper good!! It's like I'm back in hawaii every time I eat there!! Now I tell everyone about it and I hope they go because along with the 5 stars I give them 2 thumbs up!!!
5	So so good!!!! The food is delicious. I love the chicken katsu. Very fresh everytime! The spam musubi us to die for. Definitely worth it and very affordable!!!
5	I've always had a good experience here. Good, fresh food. It reminds me of the great Hawaiian BBQ places that you'll find in LA. They're fast and friendly. You're sure to enjoy.
5	Finally a worthy alternative to Leo's Hawaiian. Only had the teriyaki beef and chicken plate but everything was done right so will be back to try others. Beef was very tender and chicken was cooked properly sitting on a bed of steamed cabbage. The all important macaroni salad was there and tasty.
3	It's good but not GR8! Their menu is a bit overpriced! Quality of the food wasn't the best! I should know, I'm only from Hawaii..i mean it's nice to have a hawaiian joint in Mesa but I wish it was L&L instead...
5	Very good! We got the chicken Katsu and pineapple chicken plates. Both were great. Also the spam musubi was pretty good. I'm hawaiian and have been desperate for my fix of good food in the mainland. This hit the spot. Basically, is exactly like L&L. Probably the exact same recipes; sure tastes like it!Probably not the same quality as what you'd actually get IN Hawaii though...the food in the islands is ALWAYS better. But good for mainland standards. Will satisfy my cravings for the time being.
