3	I thought I had already written a review of this place, but I cannot find it... It is usually our fast food breakfast stop when we leave town... We stopped here Sunday prior to heading North for the day.Our friend had coffee and grilled cheese breakfast (which she loved), her kid had chicken nuggets and milk (which we noticed later was 1%), and hubby and I had the #30 sausage biscuit. Everything was OK, just the biscuit was falling apart so that was a little messy and hard to enjoy. (The same thing happened last time we were there, and I thought I had written a review about it).The other thing is that it took a while for our food to be ready, either they do not have enough staff or they were short handed that morning. The person taking our order left the register a few times while we decided on what to order, and we ended up having to wait for a few minutes... then it must have taken about 10 minutes to get our order, and my iced coffee was never prepared, I had to go ask for it, and it was not low ice as I had asked. So, as I said, the whole concept of fast food is just 'food' some times.The only place that comes to mind that has always been prompt, good, nice and friendly is the McDonald's at Glendale Rd, just West of Highway 51.
5	when ur low on cash..  lolu guys gotta try a double jumbo jack with no seasoning on the patties on sourdough bread(extra toasted) of course,extra mayo,no catchup,w/ cheese!!!  onion rings and a taco with no lettuce!! get extra taco sauce for the burger..  lol then head to Circle K for a side of jack Daniels
5	Went to wk yesterday at 245am!! OouchOrder a jumbo jack with extra patty and no seasoning on the pattyies.. (Seasoning is nasty) don't like it at all .. and when I got to wk.. Sure enough,seasoning on the pattyies., threw one patty away.. And just ate the rest.. Went to jack at 7 pm,took the receipt and told the manager what happened.. I asked her if I can get 2 jumbo jacks on sourdough bread,no catup!!! No seasoning !!!  And some fries??? Sure enough .  I got it ..   :0)My bill came to $5.20 , when I went back, she gave me more than. $7 in food.. Thanks
1	Went to the drive thru. the lady on the mic was either washing dishes or standing by the dish washing sink.  I could hear the sink and running water in the background.  I could also hear several employees talking about this and that in the background.  I could hear them joking and the lady I was talking with joking and laughing with.  I had to give my order FOUR times and they still did not have it correct.  I finally got fed up and decided the order was close enough and I was sick of repeating myself.  It was so bad that at one point I said "I do not not know what you are doing in there but it would be nice if you were paying attention to me."  All this did was make her put me on mute.  I still had to repeat my order after this.
