4	$10 pizza deal is where it is at!  I haven't had pizza hut in a long long time... I even want to remember the days of the "Book It" club where you would read a book in elementary school and you would get a personal pan pizza as a reward (dating myself now).It was a Friday night and couldn't think of any options for food that was quick and relatively simple.  I was trying to go meatless that night, so the option of pizza came up.  Heard about the $10 box deal and it comes as a square pizza with 6 rectangular slices (good enough for probably 2-3 people depending on hunger level).  It also comes with bread sticks and cinnasticks.  I know it's carbs galore, but it was great for $10.  I'm not about to do it every night, but it was a good deal for the time.  I even added an order of the pasta since I was curious to see what it would be like to have pasta from Pizza Hut.  The Tuscan chicken Alfredo pasta (minus the chicken) was pretty decent.  Now I just need to try it with the protein in it since it was decent without.I called in and picked up... so no hitches.  I did notice that the dining room was a bit empty for a Friday night.  The buffet was closed, so I couldn't tell you "yay" or "nay".
5	$10 for any pizza. You cannot beat it. We've always enjoyed our experience here.  The staff are accommodating and friendly.
3	I wa s craving the creamy Italian dressing dound in the pizza hut salad bar, so dine-in it was! Our sever was very friendly and efficient.  The salad bar was ok...lettuce could have been a little more fresh, but the cucumber,  carrots, and other veggies were fresh and I love the creamy Italian dressing (yes I know its bad for you and defeats the purpose of a healthy salad but it is so yummy)!  Our waitress offered the $10 pizza deal to us, but a large pizza is too much for two people and the medium pizza was cheaper so we went with that. The pizza was actually super greasy...I had to do dreaded napkin blotting in order to enjoy it. All in all, not a bad experience.
3	We often order pizza from Pizza Hut (mostly plain cheese pan crust) my family likes it. Last month we ordered for delivery. After 45 mins a white guy came. I took pizza and went to get money. When came back he stepped inside the house. I was kinda scared that moment. He was standing inside the house. I didn't like it. My bill was $13 and he asked how much money I want back??? He was really weird Better to pickup ur pizza
