4	This place serves Cantonese, Sichuan and Lu Cuisine. I would say its non-Cantonese cuisine is semi authentic since the chef specializes in Cantonese cuisine.Highly recommends ordering stuff from their Chinese-English menu instead of English only menu because the former menu offers better quality food with fresher ingredient.
4	I thought the food was pretty good.  Got some take out from here to enjoy lunch with a friend.  I think she liked it too..Be prepared to know what you want.  The language barrier can be difficult..I'd go back for sure.
5	Ok, if you want real Chinese food, this is the best one in town. As real as it can be--please don't order orange chicken, lemon chicken, or hot and sour soup...ect here, not saying they are not good in Jade house, these are American food, get them somewhere else. So talking about real Chinese food, you don't even need a Chinese menu to order, try anything that shown in the pictures along the wall, they are all good!! I live in north Phoenix cave creek area, I drive to there for dinner twice a week. Yes, more than 60 miles every time, totally worth it.
4	I have to admit the food is great, and reasonably priced but the table service is horrible and the people in the kitchen are very slow and unorganized. Expect to wait for 30 minutes or more for your order. But the food is good and worth waiting for so I give it four stars.
5	The restaurant is simple but the food is beyond excellent. Have been there three times. Definitely would love to go again. The price is quite lovely as well : )
5	I love me some Jade House. You know you're going to get some good Chinese when you walk in and everything is written in Chinese. And yes, the language barrier is difficult, but its okay. Just be very patient when phoning in your order. It can take a bit.My husband and I do enjoy trying out some of the authentic dishes there...the ones we can't pronounce. Very fresh and very delicious.BUT their american-ized dishes are amazing too. Sometimes you are just looking for some good American Chinese food, and this place is the best. They still use very fresh ingredients in their dishes and you can't beat the prices on their lunch specials or combo plates. $4.95 for an entree, eggroll, crab puff, fried rice and a soup or drink. It's enough food to feed me and my two small kids! I love their orange beef, shrimp in lobster sauce, chicken and veggies, and the cashew chicken. Well pretty much anything I've tried there.And I'm hugely in love with their wonton soup. They use huge wontons and its filled with large pieces of fresh vegetables in a delicious broth. When I'm sick, I have my husband go and pick up a quart. Better than chicken noodle soup! :)
4	Being from California where there are a ton of very good Chinese restuarants,  I've become pretty picky about my Chinese food.  Most places have a horrible brown sauce and lots of heavily breaded deep fried items,  that always make me feel sick after eating.  But this little hole in the wall has some of the tastiest food in the Valley.  Fresh and well prepared, excelling in both spicy (Szechuan Chicken Wings - loaded with Jalepeno's and garlic) and mild (Seafood with Tofu Hot Pot).   And probably the best won tons (Hong Kong Style Won Ton Soup) as well.
5	I travel alot and when I come to the Phoenix area...Jade House is my first spot.  I am not a vegetable lover but the Hand Ripped Spicy Cabbage is my all time favorite dish and I visit frequently just to have it.  The family that owns this restaurant are top notch and always make it a great visit!
4	Love this place!! I'm a Chinese food whore i swear i could eat it every day! Anyway i am absolutely obsessed with their won ton soup.. This shit is SOO good.. Seriously. Best soup i have ever had. i want some right now just thinking about it. Everything we got was right on point as well.. Some chicken wings, lo mien, Mongolian beef  and my b/f is in love with their fried rice( have to admit it is pretty scrumptious)everything was delicious. Decent prices.. You can order for takeout, they deliver as well or you can eat in. inside is nothing special, but they are quick and the food is excellent.. Highly recommend!
4	I must say, I do like this place!  Not much on atmosphere, but the food makes up for it.  They offer both traditional and americanized dishes.  I've tried several of their dishes and I have yet to be dispointed.  I think that their Orange Beef dish is my favorite.
4	Finding places like this is the reason I love Yelp. It is one of those strip mall hole in the walls that you drive passed all the time, but never notice. Good thing I read the Yelp reviews. It is a small, modest, family owned place. Lots of Chinese customers, which is always a good sign. Like many restaurants of this type, there are two menus, the one for the Americans and the one for the Chinese. As always, go for the Chinese menu. I had the Pan Fried Noodles with Chicken and Carol had the Szechuan Sizzling Shrimp and Scallop. We shared an order of Hand Ripped Spicy Cabbage (recommended by another Yelper) and we got an eggroll for our son. It was all very good, well priced and in good portions. The cabbage was especially good. Oh, the hot tea was also outstanding. Service was friendly and efficient. Total bill without tip was $28. Its just too bad that all of the other Americans in the place were ordering from the Americanized menu. I felt like telling them to get the other menu, but minded my own business.
5	Two words... AMAZING FOOD!!!!
2	Found this place at restaurant.com where they Jade house that claimed they were voted one of the top 100 Chinese restaurants in the country according to _____ .    The decor is rundown and had a layer of grime and dirt.  The bathroom faucets were broken and the health grade was nowhere to be found.Having a restaurant.com coupon here guarantees bad service and its not the language barrier.  I asked for hot tea and brown rice and didn't get what I asked for.  A couple of families that came in 15 minutes to half an hour after us were served first.Really disappointed by the food.  It was typical, greasy fare.  I would be willing to tolerate the service if the food was exceptional.  Oh well...
1	Yuck! The teriyaki chicken did not look or taste like chicken. The price for the portion size was too damn high.
1	had one of the worst dining experiences there ever. Tried to use a coupon from restaurants.com and was told by the manager that the coupon could only be used on an "american" menu (this was no where to be seen on the coupon). Went in next time and tried to use the coupon on the "american" menu and was told by the same manager that the coupon only works monday through friday (again this was no where to be seen on the coupon). Basically, the manager constantly changed the rules about the coupon just so she could save a few dollars. We stormed out of the restaurant and then the manager tried to tell us we could use the coupon once she saw we were visibly upset. the food there is decent at best, but the management has no idea how to deal with customers and how to honor coupons that THEY themselves put on restaurant.com
5	LOVE this place!!!  I discovered it last week, and have already ordered from here 3 times.  Given, I am moving, and delivery is sooooo much easier than cooking, but still!The delivery is super fast, the people couldn't be any nicer and the food is delicious.  This place is definitely a gem.  I am already categorizing it as my "I'm too lazy to cook or go anywhere, but still want to eat somewhat healthy" delivery place!!!
1	I went here because I had a restaurant.com certificate.  Jade House added 18% gratuity after tax, which is a no-no, gratuity should always be assessed before tax.  Additionally, I resented the automatic gratuity because our server didn't earn it.  We spent most of our meal with empty water glasses, and he never asked us if everything was okay with the meal.  Our mongolian beef tasted like wet paint, and sesame chicken tasted like pork rinds.  Would NEVER eat here again.I honestly am baffled by all the positive reviews for this restaurant... I feel like we are talking about two different places!
1	I ordered for lunch delivery. The chicken in the entree was chewy and not distinguishable as chicken. The sides, egg roll and dumplings were hot but lacked flavor and had too many filler veggies for my taste. Veggies are fine, but don't advertise pork dumplings if there is no discernable pork in them. I was excited after reading the reviews and realizing they delivered. But the quality was not worth the wait or the price. Honestly, I've had better "authentic" and Americanized versions of Chinese food than this. Will not be giving them a 2nd chance.
4	Having lived in China for a year, we found ourselves looking for a place recently with authentic Chinese cuisine.  A friend suggested Jade House and we were not disappointed.  We had printed out the "traditional" menu online and circled what we wanted to order.  The waitress was a bit confused why we didn't want to order off of the American menu which was kind of funny.  Everything we tried was quite tasty:  chicken corn soup, spicy eggplant, dried cooked green beans.  I would've liked the eggplant to be spicier, but I'm sure next time we can ask for it.  We also ordered pan fried noodles which were okay.  We ordered one of the Americanized Chinese chicken dishes for our son and it tasted just as you would expect.  So, if you are looking for traditional Chinese dishes, this is a great place to go.  I'm craving those green beans just writing this!
4	Wow for their traditional Chinese food!!Went with our Chinese collegues as part of farewell lunch. Wish we discovered the place earlier. Never had such a good traditional food before, at least not in Chandler. They specialized in Canton and Szechuan (Sichuan) food.We ordered 7 dishes, started with my personal favorites in ranking below1. Claypot fillet fish (Szechuan Style), 2. Claypot Ma Po Tofu with seafood, 3. Szechuan Style Spicy Chicken Wings, 4. Szechuan Style Sizzling Sliced Pork, 5. Fried Kailan (chinese native vegetable), 6. Eggplant w/ Spicy Garlic Sauce7. Shan Dong Marinated PorkI would say you would never go wrong with claypot type and if you ordered on based on the pictures displayed on the walls. I liWish the spicy food were spicier, since many of us are able to take level 4 spicyness material.The place is small and I have not seen folks ordering American Chinese food there, so beware if you're looking for orange chicken, etc.  Restaurant.com coupon no longer accepted - but the coupon always made the owners unhappy, not sure what their grouses are with this coupon company. Service is mediocore as it is family oriented with limited resource, the aunty is a serious person with lack of smile similar to the one you experienced in any San Francisco good old pigeon hole Chinatown restaurant. In summary, authentic food lovers that does not care about service should go to this little gem
1	Nastiest,unfriendly place ever. Old chinese witch runs it. My family traveled 20 miles to get there to use a retauraunt.com coupon. Upon arrival was a handwritten sign saying they decided not to honor the coupons anymore. Ok? So we decided to eat there anyway because they had decent reviews. They must have wrote those reviews themselves because we were nearly poisoned by their dogfood.STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
1	I was home alone and looked for a Chinese delivery restaurant in the neighborhood.  After asking a friend, Jade House came up.  I ordered the Fried Prawns (always a favorite of mine), Shrimp With Lobster Sauce, and General Tso's Chicken.  The prawns were overcooked beyond rubbery.  They were HARD.  They were also the smallest excuse for prawns that I've ever seen.  The General Tso's Chicken was also cooked to the point of hardness usually found in small rocks.  The Shrimp In Lobster Sauce was devoid of flavor except for a small hint of garlic.  Even the fortune cookie was weird, "To lotto or not, that is the question.". In all the experience was memorable, but not in a good way.
3	Ugh.  I still like the food here.  But the past 4-5 times we have gotten delivery here, it takes forever AND something has been wrong with or order every time :(.  I haven't given up yet, but my husband has!
4	This is a tasty little chinese restaurant in an unassuming strip mall. No, the woman who takes your order doesn't speak english very well. No, it's not super fancy inside. But the food is good and it makes up for the little things that the restaurant lacks.I've ordered the eggplant, and a few different types of tofu and I haven't been disappointed yet.  I always leave the restaurant full. Give this place a shot!
4	The location is a bit far away from my school but still the food is good enough for me to drive down there;) love the eggs n chicken wing!!!!
1	I ordered tale out from EAT24.com.After waiting for 90 minutes for my food, I called and spoke to the restaurant who informed me that the driver would be at my house in 10-15 mins. Another 20 minutes pass, and I chat with the EAT 24 team, who also are told that they are 10 mins away. I wait another 20 minutes, now I've been waiting 2+ hours (for Chinese food mind you) and I call again. I speak to a manager at Jade House, who tells me they never received my order. Huh? What happened to the two times I was promised it was on its way?The EAT24 rep said the order was confirmed and now they were also telling them that the order was never received. Someone is lying here.Needless to say, after waiting 2 1/2 hours, EAT24 refunded my money and I went to Whole Foods and got dinner.Order from Jade House at your own risk.
4	A buddy of mine referred me to this place saying it was amazing.My palate isn't well defined and I thought it would be just like any other Chinese restaurant I've been too.First impression: Wasn't impressed with the decor.The lady brought me the English menu. I was told to expect this and to ask for the Traditional menu. Ok, no big deal. While I'm looking over the menu, there is a plethora  of people walking in for take-out and the phone was ringing off the hook for phone orders.Now I'm thinking this seems promising. However and unaware which menu they were ordering from.So the lady comes back for my order and I order the Shan Dong marinated pork and hand ripped spicy cabbage.Holy mother of food! Can I tell you my taste buds were taken for a joyous ride into my first un-Americanized Chinese crap that has been feed to me for so many years. It angers me to think all this time I have been eating good Chinese food and come to find out I've been mislead.Jade House, you are small trek from my humble abode, however I will gladly make it to feast upon your food!
3	Okay this menu is loaded with meats, and that is about it. Why does it only have meat!? It starts to get kinda sickening after a while. Atmosphere is that of a 70's diner without the checkered tiles which basically means its old fashioned and kinda dirty. Decor deserves a 2 star, food is about a 3.5 to 4 star so I'll average it to a 3 because if you don't eat here that often, the meat dishes are quite good.
5	Me and my wife still talk about this place.  The way they cook there chicken is perfect and the crab puff is decent.  We like to make it easy and just share orange chicken but when I get a chance I order lemon chicken.
1	The delivery time was well over an hour. For the amount of food I recieved it was definitely not worth the $25.00 I spent. The food was absolutely the WORST chinese food I have ever tasted. The PuPu Platter for 2: Eggrolls, tasteless and burned. Crab wontons had no crab in them and were burned as well.  The pork ribs were fatty, greasy and cooked to the level of jerky. The same with the chicken skewers. They were so dry they were welded to the skewers. The house low mein was over priced and horribly under seasoned. The only people who will find this food wonderful are the perpetually stoned and devoid of tastebuds.
1	You need to add a new button to your ratings.. I would call it AWFUL! They did not deliver what I ordered. When contacted they insisted that they sent the correct food. There are things in this bag I do not even recognize as food. They said I did not know what egg foo young looked like.. God, I hope this mess wasn't that!!!  I order a lot of online food. Busy house with hungry kids who are busy too. They will be grabbing burgers tonight.. Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!  These folks just lost a new customer.
4	Outstanding!!  Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.  Met the owner and cook....both very nice conscientious people.  This is the best Chinese I've had in Arizona, remarkable at the best prices as well.  The only thing preventing a 5 star is that their facility is pretty small without much ambiance.....but the food.....amazingly delicious.
1	I can't comment on the taste of the food since I'm still waiting for my food over an hour and a half after I ordered.  I was told after 45minutes that my food would be there within "a few minutes" and told the same thing again at the hour mark.  At an hour and 20 minutes, I got told "within 5 minutes."Needless to say, I will not be ordering from them again.
4	Good food, good service, been there twice, highly recommended for budget diners.
4	My son and I shared the orange chicken and white rice. I would say this one the best orange chickens I've tasted.
5	First timer but will be coming back for sure. We ordered four dishes and shared family style. My favorite was the fish fillet in house spicy sauce, although it was very difficult to choose because everything was sooo good!
4	I have been going here for years and always loved this place.  Its nearby, has fast delivery, and is always accurate.  I recommend getting the eggplant dish :) Also Kung Pao with crispy tofu!  I usually get the lo mein but made a mistake and got chow mein... which to my surprise was 1/4 noodles and the rest was sauce and zucchini.  Not sure what that was about but maybe it was the end of the batch ..  Overall they have been amazing to me for the last 4 years.  Love you guys :)
5	We drive 11 miles each way to get the best Chinese food in the East Valley. The restaurant is small, clean, and the owners are polite and very helpful. The food is always fresh and The portions are large. We've always picked up our food and take it home because the restaurant is tiny. In the five or six times we've been there we've never had a bad meal. They have a large American menu or you can order off their Chinese menu with dishes that you've never heard of.  If there is a dish that you like offered spicy they can make it so it's not spicy for you. My husband and I have been to China and I can tell you this is the most original and most like real Chinese food that I've had in it since I've been living in Arizona.
4	I recommend this place for lunch time, when the prices are cheaper. I have been going here for the last 2 years. Service is pretty nice. Only issue that i have is that dinner might be a little pricey, but the food is still great.
5	Great food and price!!  Love the place!
1	Worst food/service I've had in a while. Menu online/Variety of options: 4/5. Great online ordering and variety.Delivery: 1/5. Food was 20 minutes late and ICE cold. We live at Dobson/Baseline, not even five minutes from the restaurant. This was unacceptable. Food: 1/5. Worst food I've ever ordered from a Chinese restaurant.Beef Egg Foo Young: I didn't have this personally, but my boyfriend who ALWAYS gets Egg foo young claimed this had no flavor to it.Lemon Chicken: Plain, fried chicken with lemon sauce on the side, not even mixed together. The sauce was mediocre at best, and the chicken tasted too greasy. Crab Puffs: Decent flavor, but small. Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.Fries: Okay, an American cuisine, but I believe we can all agree it's hard to mess up fries. This place made it seem easy. They were cold, soggy, and tasted like they had been cooked and put in the refrigerator overnight. Tasted like leftover McDonalds fries."Chicken Fingers": The same exact chicken as mentioned above in the lemon chicken, but for half the price. I had VERY high hopes for this place with all the great reviews I've seen. We ordered on a Saturday, around 12:55 PM and didn't receive it til 2:25PM, right as we had to walk out the door and leave. Ice cold, slow delivery times, and mediocre cuisine. Will not be returning to this place.
1	DO NOT DO DELIVERY!! Can't comment on the food because we never received it. After waiting over an hour with no food- it took another 30 mins. to get thru on the phone since no one answered and the message box was full. When I did finally reach someone the customer service was horrible. When I explained the situation she told me that the driver hadn't even left yet with our order because he got lost on the previous order. I told her okay but I would need to cancel my order then and she said I needed to speak to the owner to cancel and when I politely asked to speak to the them she hung up on me!!! After I kept calling back she finally answered and said I had to contact the online company to cancel the order so my credit card wouldn't be charged for food we never got! Worst Ever!
1	What a  lousy restaurant! 1st ordered a seafood dish on menu but they said they discontinued it.   2nd ordered a shrimp and scallop dish they did not have any scallops!   Ok  so we ordered shrimp fried rice.  It came with un-deveined  shrimp mixed in greasy rice which had no vegetables or discernable flavor, or ingredients other than 3 to 4 shrimp snd a little bit of egg.  Tea was warm snd weak they did not carry any artificial sweetners.  1 star for the ice cold can of coke.
1	The food is BAD and so DISAPPOINTED! I feel awful to write this. But we all work hard for a living. When we pay to eat out.....we do expect it to taste good. Orange Chicken - Over cooked and was so stringy. Couldn't enjoy it at all. Sauce didn't taste right either. Very bland. Didn't have that slightly spicy orange sweet flavor.Egg Fried Rice - NO flavor whatsoever. I added that sweet red sauce to it, which made it taste a lot better. Crab Puff - I actually think this is the only thing I liked. Beef and Broccoli - Overcooked and no flavor, per family member who ate it. Chicken in Garlic Sauce - My BF ordered it. The chicken was cooked well and it tasted good. He wanted spicy, and it was spicy. Egg Drop Soup - Bland, no flavor. Worse we all have ever had.Again I feel bad having to write a very negative review. But having to wait an hour and a half for delivery of the food (took 30 min longer than it was supposed too) and costing $35 for the 3 of us to eat. It was a waste of money. I wish we had gone elsewhere.
4	This place is pretty good for Chinese food in Arizona standard. Their selection isn't huge but they have good flavor. Don't believe those low ratings from people who rated it based on "general tso chicken" or other types of Americanized food. why would you even go to a Chinese restaurant for Americanized food anyway
5	THIS is the best taste chinese restaurant in town, no wonder they got the top 100 chinese restuatuant award in 2010.
