1	If I could give less than one star, I gladly would.  Any time I've had to visit this office, we've been made to wait in excess of three hours.  five seems more typical.  They could look to the DMV for a better model of efficiency.  I cannot imagine how they don't have more people staffing the windows: They're paying so many out of work people anyways, you'd think they could just hire three or four.  Since they lost the information we watched them make photocopies of, personally...  Twice...  I've had a case closed on me, and in the course of reapplying was told to come back in since I can't seem to sign up for the NEW website online.  I work nights, do I have 5 hours to spend during daytime hours sitting in a chair getting sick?  The last person I spoke to on the phone said their system had been down for five days, but half an hour earlier I was able to get the password for my new account ...  I had to call back because they didn't give me a USERNAME with it.  The lady I spoke to who was telling me that it was down then transferred me to an automated message telling me that the system was down, which then hung up on me.I'm a genius, and I've had over a month, maybe as much as two, invested in trying to get us insurance through the state.  I CANNOT imagine how people too stupid to qualify for jobs manage to navigate this system.  Is there a cottage industry of lawyers or squatters who sit in the office to wait in your place, professionally?  Should I call up and tell them that I like lamp, and wait for them to get me some mental retardation assistant who can walk me through this?Just another example of horrific government bureaucratic nightmare.  What the HELL?
2	This location is the department that manages unemployment, food stamps and healthcare.  I went from 42nd in line to 30 something in the span of 3 hours.  I had to leave due to other appointments with no resolution to my reason for being there.Last time I was here was for my food stamps application and I was there for over 6 hours between waiting and the interview.  The staff was busting their humps trying to get things done, I know.  Unfortunately they seem to be understaffed for their demand these days.  It's a bad economy, the job market sucks and I'm more miffed at the state HR department for not staffing the office with the apparently necessary staff than the actual staff.  Regardless of who's fault it was, I cannot give this location a good review due to the lack of efficiency.
1	I don't understand how they won't help a pregnant woman. I've been here four times and had nothing resolved, I don't have health care because we can't afford it:( and DES won't help me, I'm three months pregnant and I've only seen the doctor once! Only because I had to go to the emergency room to check if I wasn't miscarrying my baby due to bleeding and now I have a $3,000+ bill that I can't even afford to pay:(  Thanks DES for not helping me, and helping tweekers and druggies instead of a pregnant woman.By the way, the guy at the front desk today in the baby blue shirt should be fired. He's such a rude and unpleasant person. The lady next to him I like, she's always try's to help me as much as she can.
