4	I am one of the few guys who doesn't enjoy watching and couldn't care less about sports (so many other things to do!), but I enjoyed my visit to Sport Clips.  In this day and age where barbers are pretty much a thing of the past, Sport Clips offers men an alternative to hair salons.  There is no waiting for a stylist finishing up a woman's two-hour perm.  Sport Clips caters solely to men.  That means you can be in and out in 15 minutes.  No appointment necessary.The interior of Sport Clips was kind of fun, too, even for a non-sports fan such as myself.  It was made to look like a men's locker room with several TVs broadcasting various games.  Fun for kids, too!
1	I have been here three times to get my son's hair cut.  The first time, he got a pretty bad haircut, but the place is convenient to my home and others I know go there, so we tried it again.   Moderately acceptable haircut this time, but if he were old enough  to know better, he probably would have been unhappy.  Well, stupid me, we went a third time right before the holidays, and he got the WORST HAIRCUT EVER.   The front of his hair, despite the fact that I asked for her to leave the front long, is less than a quarter of an inch long, giving him that much -despised "Caesar"  look.  In addition, the rest of his head was completely uneven, with the hair at the back of his head sticking up like a hedgehog.  I left with him, then just had to go back and ask them to do something to fix it.  Another mistake.  Things just went downhill, and this time with a different person cutting his hair.  I mean, I could have cut his hair MUCH better myself.  They were not very apologetic either about what was CLEARLY a very botched haircut.  Well, I finally learned my lesson.  Still looking for a decent barbershop or salon for boys' haircuts.
3	Probably one of the most awkward haircuts I've ever received. That said; I've been here several times so my review will encompass them all to be fair. Located right under Jason's Deli next to the Ben & Jerry's, this Sports Clips always does the trick and as long as you go in with normal expectations, you won't be disappointed. The "ladies" are always friendly and a majority are knowledgeable and talkative about sports. Love the small TV's next to the chairs! Onto my haircut today...um, yeah. Was going fine until she removed the cape/gown. I'll set the stage...I'm wearing a white polo. She then takes the towel and wipes the back of my neck (typical). Wait for it...she then takes the hair dryer and puts it to my head, which allows ALL THE HAIR leftover to spray my shirt, arms, shorts, etc. I have hair all over me. I said "wow, should have kept the gown on, ?" She agreed, then gave me the towel and said, you wipe while I blow. #1...awkward comment. #2...why am I in charge of cleaning myself up? Just a few of the things that "made me go hmmm" after left. Will I return? Yes, as all other visits have been great. Will I keep my guard up next time? If I have this stylist, yes!
2	I got almost all my haircuts for about 3 years here. And although I could never put my finger on it until recently, there was always something slightly unsettling about the experience; as if it recalled something uncomfortable from my past.I should point out that I'm not into sports at all, so their theme wasn't what got me in the door. TVs running CSPAN or the NASA channel would've been at least as appealing. The idea of getting all emotional about a bunch of guys you've never met scoring more points than a bunch of other guys you've never met will forever be a foreign one to me. You might say I should've just taken my business elsewhere. But the sports theme wasn't a problem. Differences of opinion about how best to spend a Sunday afternoon in autumn aside, a haircut is a haircut.Then a few months ago I had a rather coarse young woman cutting my hair who asked me something about football. When I politely told her I wasn't really into football she said, "Well, I don't have anything else to say to you." Bear in mind, she didn't know I don't care much for any sport. I only told her that football wasn't my thing. Am I to take from this that no matter how devoted a follower of other sports, if a customer doesn't prostrate himself before the glory of almighty football she really can't bother to continue the arduous task of making conversation? If it weren't said with a straight face and followed by a near complete lack of conversation I'd have thought she was joking.This same woman on other occasions would swear openly and loud enough for all to hear. Now, profanity doesn't bother me one fucking bit. But I have to question the intelligence of someone who doesn't realize that some of her customer are bound to be religious types who will take their money somewhere else. In her case, I wish they would. Even if it's not offensive, it's unprofessional. Other times, if I brought a book to read while I waited, someone would use it as an opportunity to make conversation and ask what I was reading. Then after a brief description of the book I'd be treated like a pocket-protector-wearing, extra-credit-earning, highwater pants sporting nerd. That's when I realized the source of my unease. It was like being in high school again and I was a nerd who took a wrong turn and found himself in a hostile locker room. To their credit, the coupons are pretty plentiful. The haircuts usually range from adequate to good and the MVP service is pretty nice if you have the time and are so inclined as to enjoy aging cheerleader types massaging your head in a back room. Just don't go if you aren't into sports and don't want to deal with the attitude of people with a high school maturity level.
5	Unlike my choice in restaurants where I try to avoid chains (unless it's for their wi-fi), I tend to go with the chain salons to cut the extra long bits of hair on my brain case. My hair style is exceedingly simple and it's usually pretty hard to screw up. And even if they do cut too short or miss a spot, it grows back fast enough.No problems today at Sport Clips in the shopping plaza across from Park Road. While I did have to wait 20 minutes, my stylist shook my hand and introduced herself (always a little off-putting for me, but whatever) and listened to what I wanted. Twenty minutes of trying to catch one of the TV's out of the corner of my eye to watch sports, I was giving her the coupon they'd mailed me and paying for the trim.Very simple, very easy and very cheap. That's what makes me happy.
2	It's SportClips, a place for haircuts.  You're not going to walk out looking like Ryan Gosling or some other beefcake, but you will walk out with your wallet a little lighter and an updated knowledge of the days sporting highlights thanks to ESPN plastered all over the store.I tend to opt for the "triple play" which includes a haircut, hot towel and a massaging shampoo.  While the haircuts are nothing to write home about, the triple play package feels like a decent value.Whoever put this shoppe here however, wasn't exactly using all their cylinders, metaphorically speaking.  If you walk into this place and are faced with a wait, turn around, walk out, and walk across the parking lot to the other hair cut place.  You'll get the same quality haircut and service, save yourself a couple of bucks, and won't have to wait - bravo capitalism!
4	Everyone should give this place a shot and see if it's your thing.  I was heading out of town for work at the end of the week and knew that I'd have a tough time during the week.  Luckily, this place was open on Sundays.  For 1st-time clients, they give you the MVP, which is a haircut, shampoo massage while sitting in a vivivivibbrbririrrriaaaiatttttinnngggg cchchchchchaaaaiirrrr, and neck-upper back massage with a portable model.  For $18 bucks - not bad.Haircut is solid - I'm not going to be voted one of People's Most Beautiful People (despite what my momma tells me), but then again, I don't look like Hurf Durf McGurf  either.  Appreciate that she took her time to really hear me struggle with how I'd like my haircut.  Pretty good place - I'm sure I'll find myself here again at some point.dmo out.
3	I usually journey to the Matthews Sports Clips whenever I need a cut, but it is nice to know that I can venture here if I am on this side of town.This sports clips can get pretty busy, but I really like not having to make an appointment.  The last time I visited here it was pretty dead, but this time there were people waiting in the front... I was about to ask how long the wait was, but the stylist said, "come on back."  I looked around, thinking "I am going to get beat up by these guys that have been waiting for a while"... but she quickly explained that they were waiting for someone in particular.  Score me.The location is located below the main shopping area... I usually park and take the rather steep steps down to the location... but it still has all your usual Sports Clips features:  tvs galore, a ton of sports, and all the hair products.  I do like to mix it up every-once-in-a-while.  I think it's good to get someone else's opinion about certain hair products or what "cut" is better for you.  After-all, hair grows back.  Molly, the stylist that was helping me out actually recommending another Crew product that I ended up liking so I picked up a puck.  I'm not a big fan of people pushing products on you, but Molly really explained the product to me and it was a no pressure to buy situation.Probably one of my favorite parts of the haircut is the shampoo and hot towel to the face.  I remember when I was younger, I would have to plan on going home and taking a shower to get all the stray hairs out.... the service that Sport Clips offers let's you get a haircut and go about your business.
