1	I took my family here and this was a disappointin experience. The service was snobby and rude.  The waitress was condescending and the food was overprices. I have not been to the other Tomasos but I will clearly discourage anyone from dining at the Chandler Tomasos. The service is clearly substandard and snobby.
5	In all fairness, I am yet to have a "full meal" here, but have been to happy hour a couple of times for wine and appetizers.  This is a GREAT place if you like good wine for reasonable prices.  I have had a few of the reds off the $5/glass menu, along with the bruchetta and butternut squash ravioli...delicious!  The happy hour lasts until 7 which is perfect for those that work and can't get to the 'till 6pm type.  My friend got the Ahi Tuna app and declared it delightful.I have to say the best part of my experience has been the bartenders, as we sit at the bar to enjoy conversation with them.  I find them to be not only friendly, but also entertaining.  I'll definitely be back here for more HH in the future.
2	I must agree with Jeff P. with this place. I took my gf here -ya know, trying to get some brownie points. From the looks of the place it definately had what you wanted when trying to impress the date. Quiet but not to quiet, great atmosphere but not too loud where it doesn't interrupt your conversation and of course the feeling where you know you are trying to impress or be impressed. Definately not the ideal date I had in mind... the waiter was definately snobby - didn't quite grasp the notion of customer service. Food took about an hour (about 4 other parties) and wasn't great, decent at best and of course not worth the amount of money they charge. Thanks for the let-down though, appreciate the peck on the cheek... = (
2	Ambiance:The restaurant is very pretty and when you walk up there is a huge fountain out front. Typical AZ, a nice restaurant in the middle of a shopping strip. I was turned off that the bar wasn't really separated from the dining area and I could see and hear the bar TV from my table.The booze:We ordered a Kir Royale to start dinner and it was tasty. I was disappointed in the wine list that was separated by Italian and American choices. I didn't recognize any of the Italian and all the American wine choices were options you could buy at Basha's or Safeway. The options didn't offer anything really wow and special unless you jumped to the $100/bottle options.The menu:There were a lot of options, but I was disappointed to still see so many Winter options and it didn't seem that there were a lot of Spring updates other than an Spring value menu inserted into the main menu.What we ordered:We ordered the crab cakes, they were good, but not amazing. We then had the Lobster bisque, it was delicious. He ordered the veal ravioli and cleaned his plate! I thought he was going to slop his bread in the sauce. I ordered the seafood risotto. My seafood was chewey and the one lonely prawn on the plate was so over cooked that it looked like a knuckle. Most of my shell fish didn't have meat in the middle and there was so much calimari that the dish should have been called calimari with risotto.The dessert we ordered was a ricotta cheesecake, the menu read with cherries. I was excited because cherries are coming into season and I thought it would be fabulous. What was delivered to our table was a chocolate strawberry cheesecake. Which was disappointing in taste and simply disappointing because it's not was we ordered. The waiter to make up for it compted our coffee :/I've experienced better for $150. Off hand, I'd recommend Cork in South Chandler instead.
3	We took a client for lunch here today.  I thought the food was great.  We all got salads...mozzerella caprese, kobe beef ceasar and milanese chicken salad.  Very tasty and well presented.  The restuarant is very beautiful, the service was OK.  There wasn't too many people in the for lunch so I would expect more friendly and not such hurried service.  But after reading the reviews, the service was what I expected...just OK.Not sure if I would come again...
1	Very bright cafeteria feelAverage foodOver priced We go every few years to see if things have changed. They never doReminds me of a high end nursing home cafeteria
5	I loved it but it is no longer there
