5	Great place to bring your kids. The Doctors and staff here are amazing!!
5	We've been taking our kids here for a couple of years now. The Dr.'s, hygienists, assistants and staff are all SO GOOD with our kids. The prices are fair, especially since we don't have dental insurance. The waiting room makes kids relax, as it is all train-themed, with lots of toys and a huge train on one of the walls. We've had nothing but great experiences here!
5	All 3 of my children come here! We will never go anywhere else for their dental appointments! You wouldn't either!Large, comfortable lobby! Train theme with working train moving traveling throughout the office and lobby areas. Each time my son comes he flocks toward the train play set or the games.Awesome covered playground right outside the office! No sand!The staff! I'm telling you... Always kind. Perfect with children! Gentle and fun! Kids where cool sunglasses during the exam. The hygienists make sure your child's experience is safe, fun, and bright!My son's first dental appointment was at this office and they put him at ease. Why was really great was that he got the chance to watch his sisters' cleanings first. That helped make his first time it not-so-scary.The doctor is very informative and patient when it comes to talking to the parents and patients. I like how Dr. Clark educates us all. Dr. Staker was the kids' first doctor, but he retired due to the onset of a heart disability. He was super great and we are glad he was our doctor for the first few years going there. In other words, Pediatric Dental Specialists provides amazing care! You won't be disappointed!
5	As a former patient for my entire childhood, I'm offering a little bit of a different type of review here, but I visited PDS since their Mesa office off of Dobson rd.  As an adult I sometimes wish I were still able to visit PDS because the Dr.'s, hygenists and assistants were always so great!  When I have children I will without question bring them to the wonderful people at Pediatric Dental Specialists, so my kids will have the kind of great foundation for oral health that I did!
5	I've been bringing my kids here since their very first dental appointment. The staff and docs are super thorough and friendly. There is a train theme and a train table in the office which makes it fun for many ages but especially for the little ones.
5	We have seen dr sherrill here twice for my 3 year old girls check ups and cleanings. I love the text reminders a few days before your appt! Very short wait, super friendly hygienists, and dr sherrill is very easy to talk to and great with kids. The office staff is superb, from the time you walk in, til the time you walk out. They really make the whole experience easy and relaxing for little ones. We are happy to drive a half hr to go here!
