4	I really enjoyed my chili rellenos -- nice kick to them.
4	We have been to the week-old Villa's twice now, once for dinner and once for breakfast. The space is cozy, with about 7 booths, and a colorfully painted wall with a tiled opening where you order and then another where you pick up your food. All of the employees have been very friendly and willing to chat and answer questions. The chef/owner, Rene, told us that he had worked 130 hours in the first week, cooking from 6 am to 10 pm, but that all of the early positive feedback made it worthwhile. We didn't get a chance to meet his wife, Angelica, but she was the one who had contacted me via Yelp messaging weeks ago, inviting me to come in and give them a try (as I had been complaining of the woeful Laveen restaurant scene) and also kept interest piqued on Facebook. Very smart use of free social networking sites, I'd say. On to the food: my husband tried a carne asada burrito, California style, and declared it one of the best burritos he's had in the valley. It had carne, cheese, fresh pico, and potatoes in a large fresh flour tortilla. I had a bite, and it was indeed scrumptious. I asked for a combination of the carnitas and carne platters, because I wanted to try both meats, and they were cheerfully accommodating. Both meats were tender, but I found the carne to be much more flavorful. I have become used to the style of carnitas at Garcia's Las Avenidas,which is cooked in more spices. I also prefer the refried beans from Garcia's, but Villa's were pretty good. The pico both looked and tasted super fresh, and the rice was very moist and flavorful with some bits of fresh corn, peas, and tomato scattered throughout. For breakfast two days later, we each had a breakfast burrito, most of which have eggs, potato, and cheese, with some type of meat. I had it with bacon, but my husband, who tries to eat vegetarian as often as he can stand it, had it meatless. He found he missed the meat, especially after he grabbed my burrito and took a few healthy chomps out of it. The burritos were very good sized- I couldn't finish mine, and Bob was quite full after his (and the rest of mine). It's the kind of breakfast that will keep you going all morning. We are thrilled that Villa's has lived up to its promises of great, fresh, all in-house made Mexican cuisine, and we will return often to work our way through the menu. Finally, Laveen, we have a great restaurant!
4	we had the chicken enchilada plate, chicken torta, and rolled tacos.  very tasty and fresh, but chile and salsa were not hot.  cant wait to try their spicier dishes!
1	I was excited to see a new place to eat in Laveen, but this place didn't deliver.  The first time I had the taco & beef burrito plate... taco was decent but the burro was woof.  I gave the place a second try and ordered the supreme burrito...  double woof!  It was smothered with a store bought type enchilada sauce.  YUCK!  Anyways, I've learned my lesson and II'll stick to the other FEW good places around...  i.e.  Duners, Starbucks...  ah I think that's it.
3	We're having trouble deciding whether we like El Gran Tacquito or Villa's better.....  They're literally right across the parking lot from each other, they offer somewhat similar menus, and I thought I heard that the owners were related.  But they also seem different.My son and I have tried Villa's twice now, having taken my wife on the last visit, and have tried the following:Beans (in burrito and as a side) -- decent beans and cheese, as well as a tasty red salsa on the side that goes well with them.Chips -- freshly fried tortilla chips are the best and for some reason rare in these smaller Mexican restaurants.  Villa's has them.Guacamole -- quite good, actually; a nice balance of the lime, cilantro, onions/garlic in a creamy avocado base.  Highly recommended.Chicken Burrito -- also quite good.  My wife thinks this one definitely beats the place across the parking lot.  I think I agree.Carnitas Burrito -- This is what I ordered on my last visit, and I thought it was excellent.  The pork tasted like it had been slow roasted, a little dry and fatty, but just about right.  And the tortilla, as always, is quite tasty.Villa's, though, needs a little help with the ambience.  The walls are mostly bare and the sun comes glaring straight through the windows at dinner time.  Only half of each plastic bench/table combo is actually functional when trying to avoid the harsh sunlight.Otherwise, I'd say that the owners have done a great job in this tiny little space.  But seriously, this is the second Mexican food place to open in Laveen and not offer cervezas on the menu.  I hope the next one to open (I'm sure there will be more) sees this opportunity.One more note: I did not appreciate being bombarded on Yelp by the owner's messages announcing that Villa's was opening soon.  Also, my first attempt to visit -- after receiving a coupon on my Fry's receipt -- was a failure, as they hadn't yet opened.  Perhaps the owners could work a little harder on future marketing efforts.
3	A few of my friends and I visited Villa's this morning and had a very negative experience.- We waited an hour (55 minutes) for our food (for 5 people)- A two-burrito order was lost and had to be re-ordered- Many people complained that they have been waiting for over 30 minutes.- The burritos we had were soggy for some reason- The carnitas plate had strips of very tough meatConclusion:Either don't go to Villa's during normal peak hours, or go somewhere else.
3	Portions are large. Prices are low. The green sauce is okay...I wish that I could say the same for the red. I probably need to try something besides the breakfast burritos before I say anything else. It's no Carolinas, but I'm sure I'll go back and try some other menu items.
2	I've been to Villas four times since it opened.  Since its right across the street from my house, I really wanted to like it.  I was excited to see a Mexican place opening so close other than El Gran Taquito. Every time I've gone there, service has been slow.   Two times we have gone and a part of our order has been forgotten.  Today I went and ordered a single item, a bean burrito, and they didn't even START making it for 25 minutes (the window allows you to see them cooking).  For what is supposed to be convenience food, the service is just not there.  The food is average, but after factoring in the wait time, I don't think I'll go back.I've had fairly good luck with Vaquero's (southern and 19th Ave), although it is a bit further from Laveen.
2	I have tried this three times, trying to give them time to learn and improve since this is a new business. Well, we tried a couple different items each time we went......and well it hasn't been very impressive. It seems that they use a microwave to reheat their pre cooked food. We have tried the Carne Asada a couple times and it was dry and tough, as if you microwaved a piece of steak. The one time that they had chicken, it was ok. The fresh chips that we ordered were greasy and it even leaked through the brown paper bag. I think we visited this place for the last time. Hope it gets better!
2	Stopped in here this morning hungry for my usual Mexican combo, a Chile Relleno & a shredded beef taco, with Spanish Rice, refried beans, plus chips & salsa.  Here's how it was for me:THE GOOD:*  This is a clean, modern little cafe with BOOTHS!     :-))*  The combo I wanted wasn't offered on the menu, but they substituted the usual cheese enchilada with my shredded beef taco, for the same price ($6.59).  I also ordered chips & salsa, sold separately ($1), & a cup of coffee.*  The help-yourself coffee was free!*  The order of chips & salsa was big!*  The (Anaheim) Chile Relleno was tasty & came with a dollop of sour cream to put on top!*  The taco was ok.THE NOT SO GOOD:*  The coffee wasn't very good.*  The Chile Relleno was small.*  The Spanish Rice & refried beans were barely warm.Ok, so while Villa's here certainly wasn't awful, I have some Mexican restaurants on my list with similar prices for the same meal that earned 5 Stars!
1	This is not my "Nanas" cooking. Every review is correct the food sucks. I used to work in that area, my co-workers and I would always settle for the mexican grill next to subway.
3	The food was great at first but the last two times I ordered bean and cheese burritos they were cold...so cold the cheese was not melted. I do hope they correct this soon.
1	Food is great the service SUCKS!! 20 minutes for a breakfast burrito?? This happens ALL the time. The owners obviously have no idea how to properly staff this place. They have one guy taking orders and cooking. I'm never coming back. Ill be going to Filibertos on 51st and the 10 from now on.If the owners want their business to not fail they better fix this. I facebooked about this and got 80 likes in 30 minutes. I also posted on 6 other sites letting people know not to come to this place.
2	The food is pretty good, but the service is ............ very bad. I ran over around 8:00 pm to get a bean and cheese burrito. It took around 30 minutes to get that order. All of the employees working that night appeard to be under 18. There looked to have been some kind of small fire in the kitchen, but they never came out to say what was going on or any kind of updates on the status of the orders. I was not the only person waiting, another customer was there 40 mins +. With the abundance of mexican restaurants in that area, I doubt I will be back.
3	I really, really like Villa's.  The service is friendly, the food is good, and they are local with reasonable prices.  The bean and cheese burrito is my favorite, and the machaca & carne asada burritos are pretty tasty, too.   They could be faster, but I call ahead  a few minutes & my order is usually ready.
3	I gave them another chance............ this time no fires, no excessive waiting, and adults working there. Much better and I will be back.
5	Great Food and Service. I was shocked on how much food they give and how good it was! Lots of CHEESE on burrito which is a seller for me. Keep what you are doing Villas and I will keep coming back!!
3	This restaurant location used to be El Mas Sabroso. Sadly, El Mas Sabroso is permanently closed. This is the new Mexican joint there now.  They cleaned it up a bit and redecorated/remodeled. Kinda like Filiberto's, but nicer and more modern inside. I think they were going for the Chipotle's look. Their food is good and the pricing is about the same. Carnitas was really dry which is odd. Rice is outstanding.Like Filiberto's, the burritos come with pure meat. Wanna add rice or beans? It'll cost ya! Wait... they have to remove meat to fit the rice/beans. Rice and beans are cheaper than meat! Why on earth would anyone charge more money when they are saving money??!?  Senseless.
5	I go to villas all the time this place has great food and is very cheap. You should for sure come here to get some quality grub!
4	This place is a gem - had a few burritos from there and can't wait to try other things.  I had the California Carne Asada burro yesterday - it was GREAT!  My honey usually gets the mixed burro with chicken, which is super too.Cheap, big portions, friendly service.  It's going to be one of our go-to places if we don't feel like cooking!
1	Very unhappy to report the terrible experience I had at villas. We have been going to villas for months now and always had a great experience but it seems that they have fallen prey like every other business has now a days to poor employee attitudes and services. We got a few burritos last night and they were cold not like room like sitting around for a considerable time frame cold which struck me as odd since they supposedly make it right when you order it. The cheese wasn't melted even but as it was already after 8:30 and my wife and I were both very hungry we put the burritos in the microwave and ate them anyway, assuming that the issue was just that they may be rushed the job because it was a little late and the tortilla and cheese just weren't warmed enough. BIG MISTAKE! The following morning my wife and I both are sick nauseous and the whole nine yards.So very disappointed this is an establishment that serves food to people that's a serious responsibility because this goes into peoples bodies...If you can't find the energy to do your job correctly all the way till closing time them maybe you should consider and earlier closing time. I don't feel that if I come in after 8 I should expect that food poisoning is a possibility.This is unacceptable I will be reporting them to any agency that is appropriate and wanted to let you all know so you can steer clear of villas.
4	Another update....I have been going to Villa's roughly every other weekend for a few months for the Chorizo breakfast burrito. I have to admit that I am addicted and it is to the point where I do not have to order when I get there. They know what I want and get it started as soon as they see me. Glad I gave this place another chance, it was worth it!
1	Let me start by saying the food is always average but so convenient that we have frequented this place on a weekly basis since they opened. Well, last night we went and it was a little bit busy - 5-6 orders before us. I ordered a simple order of two kids meals (bean burro and quesadilla) and a red chili plate. It was to be "for here". The time on my receipt is 7:07pm. Finally, my 4 year old asked if we were ever going to eat, I looked at the time and it was 7:44. I went and asked about our food. They had no idea, no food ticket, nothing. Two of the girls argued over who lost the ticket. Finally they reprinted my ticket. I had to wait for two other people to get their food before, finally at 7:56 receiving my food - TO GO. I told them it was supposed to be for here. The girl looks at the ticket all confused. I told her nevermind, grabbed our food and headed home. We live 3 minutes from the shop.We got home, opened our COLD food and ate! I called this morning to give them a chance to make this right and Dehlia, the manager, told me she would have to talk to "her girls" to see what happened. She never took my phone number to call me back or anything. She could not care less about this.With three other mexican restaurants in the same shopping center, I suggest Villas starts caring about their customer service.
4	Best breakfast burritos!!! Such good food, their Lengua Taco's are the BOMB!
5	The fish tacos were outstanding
5	Shredded beef, and enchiladas are amazing,
5	We eat here almost every weekend and the food is awesome!! service is great definitely a plus in my book. blows filibertos away if you can even compare the two.
5	Now I come every weekend... Love this burrito. I don't even have to order it anymore because the staff knows what I want and how I like it . There is another restaurant similar next door with a drive thru and I still come here. Yummm!
4	The food is great and so is the service. Taco Tuesday is awesome and I you are ever super hungry try the Carne Asada fries. So much you can't finish it. Its great to see this place flourish with Filibertos next door. I would choose Villa's everyday over Fili.
4	This my favorite place to eat authentic mexican food. The workers are polite & friendly. The atmosphere is neighborhood friendly. I always  tell my friends about this place. Villa's Mexican Food is what makes Laveen an awesome place to live & eat.
5	Even though you have a couple of different Mexican food places near by, they're no where near as authentic as Villas. Great service. Great food.
2	I used to go there more often, but the last few times the wait has been waaay too long.  The last time I went, I ordered just a bean and cheese burrito.  It was like 3pm, not a busy time at all.  It took them 20 minutes to get me the burrito, when I was the only one in the place.I got home and started to eat only to find that the beans tasted like canned beans from the grocery store.  I'm wondering, did they run out and run over to Fry's to pick up a can of beans?!Anyway, I'd rather go to Gordas when looking for somewhere in Laveen for Mexican food.  But I will probably still stop in from time to time, the enchiladas at Villas are really good.  The bean burrito was not bad before when I have had it.
1	This used to be a great place to great fresh and tasty food. Not anymore,the last two times the food was on the verge of being spoiled. It isn't fresh made anymore, its heated premade food from the microwave. I had the marinated pork tacos, which is one of my favorites,this time the meat was rancid. When notified the man behind the counter just shrugged and said sorry.So after two bad experiences,we have had it, no more Villa's for us, and I would not recommend it for anyone else.
5	Always great food here People are always niceAnd they have beer.    Free wifi as well What more can you ask for?
2	Giving two start because of the terrible customer service.  We spent an usually long amount of time discussing  our non-complicated/completely ordinary order of tacos and quesadillas with the cashier, and went over it not once but three times before she got it right.  Order went in and then we waited, and waited, and waited some more.  Finally our order was ready and after all of that time spent going over the order, it was still wrong!  Food was delicious but not worth the wait or hassle.
1	I really Try to be fair, and most of the time I give businesses the benefit of the doubtI do not like to be unfair to anybody, butThis place was not good at all,It was dirty first of all. that is not goodI ordered a burrito and 2 tacosIt took about 20 minutes to get my order, there were not that many customer in the place.I finally received my order and I realized that the order must have been ready a while back and it sat there getting cold.When I finally received the meal. it was packed in such a way that the tacos spilled all over the box, the tortillas and meat was cold. The burrito, was cold as well and not very well made.Every single order, should be high quality, I will not go back
1	It's Friday. I went in for a quick bite to eat. Ordered 2 shredded beef tacos and 1 fish taco. While I was waiting for my order I look down in disgust. This place is infested with cockroaches. I completely lost my appetite. I did mention this to employees. They said they'd let the manager know. Ewwww, I want to give them 0 stars
1	The employee was very nice and helped me with my order. However the place was gross I ordered my food n by the time I actually got it I was so disgusted with the place on how gross it was they had roaches in the plastic spoons and forks! And they were out of almost everything I paid about $13 on a Assad burrito and rice and bean with a large soda was I walked out of the place the food n soda went into the garbage! Can not believe I just wasted this much on something and not be happy. Couldn't tell you how good the food is cuz I couldn't get myself to even try to put it in my car. I will never go back there! I hope they get inspected soon cuz if they pass then we have some bigger problems in this city cuz I never ate at a place as gross as this place was.
4	Great taco Tuesday. Ground beef tacos A+ Great deals. Always clean. Employees are nice. Great salsa. Cool that i live a block away!!!!  This review is based on an overall experience. I have visited about ten times now.
1	Villa's, i'm not sure what the hell happened, I use to enjoy your food, it use to be clean, and you use to actually have a value. well not anymore. sadly I went in for some thrifty ice cream today. for what ever reason thrifty has the bast mint chip to me, i wanted 3 scoops, what I god was a pathetic excuse for 1 maybe 1.5 scoops if you stretched it. I don't know whats going on here but it needs to change its getting ran into the ground. not sure if its a management problem or owner problem but i'm not coming back.
4	Texan here! Stopped by this joint recently craving some Mexican. I was not disappointed! The food was cheap, delicious, and came out quickly. In fact, I think I'm going to stop by today! There will always be nay-sayers. To whom I say: Don't expect top quality atmosphere and service for such low prices!
5	I had given up on it for a bit, but we gave in and tried it again last night...and I have to say everything was delicious.  :)Much happier this time around, hopefully the consistency is there because we will try them again soon.
