5	My son has been coming here for 6 years now and every visit has been very PLEASANT. Such a wonderful, clean, kid friendly place. Everyone is knowledgeable and very attentive to children's needs and they are great at explaining everything to  inquiring children. The exam room have great flavors for the fluoride. I was encouraged to sit as close as I wanted and hold my son's hand, while they're working on his teeth.From calling and scheduling appointments, reminder calls/text/emails, insurance claims, checking in and out,  and the actual appointment, we have always been very pleased. After every visit he was rewarded with an incredible prize and we both left smiling.I have and will continue to recommend Children's Dental Village to all of my family and friends. The office staff is wonderful with my son from the time we walk in until the time we leave. I couldn't ask for a better dentist for my son. I highly recommend their office! As always Children's Dental Village will always have my 5 star rating!
5	My kids started coming here when they first got teeth. I have never been disappointed with anyone here. Their employee retention is phenomenal because they treat everyone with respect, including kids. Amazing, amazing people. I love them!!
5	My parents brought me to Dr. Longfellow when I was 8 years old and we would drive from out of town to see him.  I now have my own family and my kids go to this amazing place.  I love the providers, staff, and clinic.  Its such a great place with great people.  My kids look forward to going....Even ok with getting a cavity fixed!I can't say enough good things about what the do for the community as well - very giving and  pay it forward type of business.I love this place!
5	I take my 5 and 7 year old here.  For a children's dentist, it's quiet and kind of private (you get your own little room), which I really like.
5	Love this pediatric dentist office. They are easy and accommodating to schedule with, the staff is great, and their service and expertise is excellent. I had an appointment for my 3.5 year old and our 2 year old...they know kids and were so helpful. Highly recommend them!!
5	We have been coming here since my son was two and he is now 17. This office feels like family after such a long time with them. They are so warm and great with kids of all ages. I can't bear to leave as my kids are almost too old to come here! I really trust the docs here and they have always been great with my kids.
5	Our first visit was wonderful.  I have a 3 year old and they were very good with her.  They were very understanding, helpful, patient. We can't wait for our next visit.
5	My oldest son is nearly 14 and my youngest is 10.  They have both been coming to this amazing office for years now!  They make the experience fun for the kids!  The staff is friendly, efficient, and extremely good at what they do!  We have had mostly well checks over the years, but had a few emergency situations which they responded to quickly and efficiently which eliminated long term problems!  We love this office!
5	My daughter has been coming here since she was 2, and has loved it her whole childhood! She was so excited to learn that they would see her through college as she has just turned 18. Through cleanings, cavities and braces the staff has been supportive and wonderful. The doctors are first rate - thorough, great bedside manner, and they offer options for the more difficult things.
5	I can't rave enough about Children's Dental Village! Dr. Padilla is so kind and gentle with all our kids and takes extra special care and effort with our daughter with severe special needs. She has been able to get a cleaning every 6 months by Pam and she has even had a filling all without needing to go under general anesthesia (huge for a kid with the disabilities our daughter has). Our other kids love going to the dentist and I would never ever consider ever going anywhere else. And we take about a 30 minute drive to their office and it is worth it.
5	I have 3 children ages 8,5 & 3 and we've have been coming here since my oldest was 4. They ask me all the time when they get to go to the dentist! It's so very family friendly here, and the staff is amazing. We live in queen creek, and we make the drive to Tempe every 6 months because it is Worth it!
5	My children are 11 and 14 and have both been going to Children's Dental Village for 6+ years.  Both of my kids look forward to going to the dentist/orthodontist as do I.   All of the staff are friendly and professional and they treat us great.  Both of my kids have had braces and we are very pleased with the great results.  I highly recommend Children's Dental Village.
