4	Took a motorcycle ride today, ended up out by the Palo Verde Nuclear Power Plant (oooh, aaah) and landed at the Tin Top Bar & Grill for lunch and beverages!  Um, YUM.Had a most excellent chicken-fried steak sandwhich, nicely put together with just enough fries to make it a good lunch!  Good Service, Cold Beer, Good selections on the Menu.  Too Bad its about 80 milles from our house.
4	I stopped at this bar on a Friday and to my surprise it was KARAOKE  NIGHT the host was ummm I think his name was Ray Hernandez. Well I tell you Ray really knew how to work the crowd he brought out the inner singer in me : } he was full of energy and bad the whole place rockin. Come down and check out karaoke commando Ray Hernandez.
4	I was out one night looking for the best Karaoke place west of Buckeye and this is it. The KJ inspired me to sing songs out of my comfort range and had a upbeat attitude the whole night he kept the energy high and knows how to work the crowd. what I liked best is that he didn't mind staying late as long as the crowd was having fun come out and check out the show.
5	I was on a road trip from LA to Sedona and wanted to find a more interesting place to stop than Subway. Tin Top was a great choice! It is just a few miles off the 10. It is pretty big inside, with many tables, a stage, and a huge, long bar area. I had a burger and fries with a cold beer from the tap. The service was friendly and quick. I wish it was closer to home.
4	Rode over on our Harley with some friends. We enjoyed a great tasting lunch and a couple brews. Seems be out in the middle of no where... but we like these kind of places. Bet the place is jumping on the weekends, have to make it back some Saturday evening.
5	Stopped on our way to Chandler Arizona. Really good food and nice atmosphere. A little off the highway, perfect if your looking for that local feel.
3	As per my review this place is A-OK in my book. I love dive bars, they have a very local, rugged and friendly feel, and that is exactly what I experienced when I walked in here, this place is most certainly not for everyone, but if you are passing through or new to the area I would recommend this place for cheap food and good priced beer.
