4	We went to a kid's birthday party here a while ago. They've got a lot of cool stuff for toddlers to play on: a high bar, balance beam, swings, trampolines, playsets and slides. But the best thing about this place is... wait for it... wait for it... a zipline! It was the one thing that my son couldn't get enough of. He loved zooming across the room. Some of the other kids were scared -- you could see it in their eyes -- but not my boy. He was laughing and smiling every time he went on it. It's a tiny zipline for toddlers so don't go in expecting a zipline canopy tour like the ones in jamaica or Costa Rica. But for two year-olds it's an amazing time.There were two staff members there and both were highly energetic and engaging. They did a great job of interacting with the kids and setting up different play zones during the party. I have no idea how much it costs to throw a party here, but it's a great place to have one if you have little kids.
1	This place is clean and they have many nice toys, but staff is very condescending and rude. Many nasty comments about my 2 year old son -- said right to him! My son is too young to get the snarky comments but his mom and I are not, and we heard them. If you don't like working with active toddler boys then why work with children?Too much snarkiness and too many eye rolls for people who are supposed to like working with kids. We will not be returning.
4	I went here with my girlfriend and her 4 year old son for a birthday party.  Upon entering, the employee greeted our son and was super excited and made him feel really welcome at MyGym.  This guy was intense and crazy happy in front of the kids.  It was almost like a kids TV show come to life in person.  The employee's enthusiasm and attitude made all the kids feel welcome and excited for what was to come.  There were 2 guys leading the kids through various physical activities and games.  They had everything from a ball pit, trampoline, and a zip line.  Everything was used and everyone had fun.  That night, my girlfriend's son slept like I have never seen before.  He was beat and we were relieved about that!  The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars is I wish there was more room for adults to sit and mingle while kids play.  It was kind of cramped and really hot in the waiting area.
5	We have been My Gym members at the District for over 4 years and Jeremy is the best!  He works really hard at keeping the kids engaged and active.  Every week the class is different and exciting.  Both of my kids LOVE this place and I feel it has helped them develop very important life skills, both mentally and physically.  The environment is clean, bright and fun.  (great music)  Some people believe it's pricey, but I don't think anything in town compares to the value received.  I've tried many different clubs/classes/sports and My Gym is consistently better for the quality of instruction & fun.  My boys never nap and they leave My Gym tired. Bonus!
3	When my son turn 3 I knew I would like to have his party at my gym, we attended a birthday party there before and had a great time. I was planning on inviting all the kids from his class at school +friends and family so I booked what they call "Premier Package", it cost $400 (pretty expensive) but you get everything! , 1.5 hours Private Party (other places gives 2 hours), Up to 25 Children, Balloon Decorations (no decorations were there) ,One Balloon & Temp. Tattoo for Each Child ,One FREE CLASS PASS for Each Child ,2 Pizzas for Children (cheese) ,Juice Boxes for Children ,Cake (1/2 sheet)  ,Paper Goods (Food and cake plates, napkins, forks, and 3 table cloths)  ,My Gym Invitations ,My Gym Thank You Cards ,service of Pizza and Juice for Children ,Cake Cutting and Service, Special My Gym Gift for the Birthday Child  ,Four FREE Classes for the Birthday Child! And Face Painting.I decide not to have their invitations and to use our own themed ones.I booked the party about a month before and paid $100 deposit, have to mention that all communication was by e-mails only.About a week before I realize that we will not have 25 kids but only 8. I e-mailed them asking to downgrade my package to a lower one (the one that do not include food, drinks, face painting etc.) but to pay extra for the food, drinks and cake (I assumed they already ordered those) but I was refused - the reason "we do not downgrade only upgrade", why? This is our policy (not written on website or on confirmation e-mail I received.)When I called to speak to a manager the owner was the one who talked to me and explain me that all arrangements for the party were already made and they cannot change it now. I totally understood and agreed.At the day of the party we arrived to their new location just to discover that they now don't offer a birthday room, only a counter that will use the kids as a table and only from one side which never in a life time can fit 25 kids! And it didn't! I had kids had to sit on the floor to eat their cake including my own birthday boy.The staff (a guy and a girl) was extremely nice and friendly to the kids and adults, they set up everything for us and even helped me set up extra food I got for the adults.The activities for the kids were awesome!!! The kids had a blast and my son (Birthday boy) felt so special!They even served the kids with Pizzas and drinks, cut and serve the cake for us and cleaned after!After the kids finished eating it was time for Face painting and I was wondered where is the face painting artist? Well... there isn't (but I was told arrangements were already made and can't be canceled), one of the staff was pressing a precut shapes to the kids face or hands with a mix of colors ...seriously??? I was shocked.The package also promise you Balloon and Tattoo for each child, the kids got balloon but no Tattoos, also promised one free pass for each child and four free passes for the birthday kid, when I asked about that the answer was "we don't have physical passes but they can call and say they were in XXX birthday and get free class ", again I was shocked!When I mentioned the "Special gift for the birthday kid" it seems like at that moment the guy didn't know what I was talking about but then remember that the gift is a T-Shirt that we were supposed to get ahead of time (with invitations and thank you cards that I decided not to take)The bottom line is that my son had the best birthday and this is what's important, but I wish I knew that I will pay so much for the extras with no extras available. I will recommend this place for future birthdays but only because of their activity.I have mixed feelings.
