3	A decent Italian place up near Arrowhead that is just OK.  Don't be alarmed by the tragically boarded up shopping center.  Been there a few times for lunch.  Don't get me wrong, it's better than an Olive Garden, but after each time I go there - nothing strikes me much to rush back for my next meal.   The insides feature faux brick, with painted on ivy, stacks of wine crates and tomato jars.  Oooh, aaah, bleh. Yesterday I had the marinara chicken with tortellini...pretty average.  I had a taste of the 14th St. pizza - very good, btw.  The pasta chips were ick.  They need to stop that, NOW.  The service yesterday was OK, a bit long, but OK.  A good-sized selection of menu items featuring chicken dishes, pizzas and a build your own pasta thing.  Yawn.
2	Gahhh! I mean... gahh!!I guess the endless cheesy commecials finally got to me. Despite my instincts, and the signs -- cartoony logo, aforementioned cheesy commericals -- I decided to give it a try.The decor was cozy -- chock-a-block with wine crates, fake vines, and the like -- but it actually worked in this case. Our server took a while, but was friendly, once she arrived.I ordered a glass of pinot noir, and again, against my better instincts, I ordered the salmon. Past experience has told me than not many places can prepare salmon the way I like it -- a little crisp on the outside, medium-rare on the inside. But I gave it a shot. First clue that was a mistake: my server did not ask how I would like it prepared.Second clue: she was completely taken aback when I said, "medium rare."While we waited, we munched on some really delicious crisp and chewy bread, dipped in olive oil. My companion also enjoyed a  caesar salad topped with a nice, slightly fishy (in a good way) dressing and parmesan shavings.When the entrees arrives, we both immediately said the same thing, "oh my god, it's swimming in butter!" Now I'm with Paula Deen on the butter issue. Butter is good -- but not 2 inches of it in my dish.When I examined the salmon, it was nice and crisp on the outside. But as soon as I touched it with my fork, it fell apart. Alas, cooked until it flaked.Once my companion fished the veal piccata out of the butter, she found it tough and nearly inedible. The piccata sauce lacked the bright lemon-garlic taste that it's known for. It was basically butter and capers. The pasta on both our dishes was fairly good.All in all, I would not return. It was a half step above Olive Garden.Lesson learned: Listen to your instincts!
3	Overrated in my book. Not bad food, some of it was pretty good. But, I can have much better pasta, much better to home.The setting is very nice, though, with weathered bricks, twinkley lights and twining grape vines.
5	I have been going here for over 10 years.  It is way better than any other Italian place I know...especially the Olive Garden (ewe)!!  I usually get the same dish every time so I can't really tell you overall how the rest of the food tastes.  I order the angel hair pasta with marinara sauce and melted mozzarella on top.  Delicious!!!  I love their service and cozy atmosphere.  It is honestly my favorite restaurant and I have taken several friends who all agree that the food is wonderful and all of them are now returning customers.  My family, friends and I all love it!!!
5	An excellent Italian restaurant with two West valley locations.  Pick-A-Pasta is great and usually they have really tasty specials.
4	I really like Tagliani's. I know it is not the best Italian food I will ever have, but it is something different than Olive Garden on the west side of town. Yummy bread served before the meal and 2 options for portion sizes really help bring me back. Their dinner sizes are huge and are served with salad or soup and their lunch portion is about half the size of dinner but still too much food at times. The chicken saltimboca has me addicted. A chicken breast rolled with fontina and prosciutto, breaded, sliced and served on a bead of pasta with a creamy marinara with chunks of tomatoes and prosciutto in it. My husband finds numerous choices to please his tomato hating palette.They just opened a third location in Avondale.
1	Just read Korina A's review.  She's puts it best.The service was fine; its just that the food sucked.  Bad.And the wine list is way too pricey to not even list what the hell they're serving when you order a cab.Garbage. Just stay away.
2	Why, oh why am I SO picky about italian food?I can't help it. my tastebuds have been offended more often than overjoyed in almost every italian restaurant I have been to since moving to Arizona.This place was dumb. We were seated at this awful middle-of-the-room table and I felt like I was in a fishbowl. The decor was..... tacky. You can tell that they are trying to be cute, so for that I guess I give them some credit, but the food did not measure up. It was average at best, and the focaccia bread that they bring you to start is mostly oil and fat with a bit of dough. Tasty? yes. Rapidly enhancing the obesity epidemic sweeping the nation? Also yes.Sorry tagliani's, my mouth (and waistline) do not approve.
1	I agree with the others.... the food is horrible.They do their best at service, and are very nice.... but that is no reason to eat here.  Unless it is a holiday and everyplace in town is closed.... i WOULD choose it over McDonalds.  That isn't saying much.
1	I think Olive Garden is like going to Italy compared to this place. I hated it, will never go back.  I have only been once and you will have to drag me back kicking and screaming.  The food just isn't good, I think Lean Cuisine would have been more satisfying.  Okay, I'm being harsh, but I honestly think it is the worst Italian food that I have ever had.  Even my bf hated it and he will eat almost anything without complaining about it. The waitress was also weird and a bit rude, but I think she was actually trying to be funny. To sum it up, this is probably my last choice for Italian food.
4	**Edited:  My review is actually for a different location; I didn't realize there were too so close by**I remember when this was Tony Romas....after it reopened as "the new Italian Place" I tried it and though, "eh, it's okay."I went back today to meet a friend and.... mmmmmm mmmmm mmmmm.  If you've read my other reviews, please know that I do eat food other than chicken Parmesan.  I've just been eating a lot of it lately.So...I had the chicken parm and it was delicious!  The breading was amazing.  I feel, because of my frequent C.P. encounters, and because I have an Italian husband who likes to cook for me, I am pretty knowledgeable when it comes to good C.P....and this was terrific.The decor is nice.  Charming and relaxing.  The booths are huge.  The service was great.  The water tasted horrible.And that is my review.
4	I've been going to Tagliani's for a long time.  Here are my tips -- keep it simple and sit in the bar.  The bartenders are usually far better with a lot more personality and for whatever reason, they tend to be women.  I always order a pasta bowl.  Save your money and order a half bowl (or do the whole thing and save 1/2 for lunch tomorrow).  My favorite is the tortellini with 1/2 marinara and 1/2 pepporchini sauce and two meatballs on the side.  It's perfect.  This isn't "to die for" Italian food, but it's relatively cheap and it's close to me, so it's one of my regular places.
4	I really enjoy Tagliani's. Two reason's I go here are; the chicken romano fritti and Gnochi . The Chicken romano fritti is probably the best chicken dish I've ever eaten I beleive it's baked and then flash fried right before they serve it. It comes with marinera and ranch dipping bowls , and the chicken is juicey and tender every time. Gnochi is a a form of pasta not easily found in the valley, but it's on Tag's Pick a Pasta list. I ususally have it with a pink sauce or get a side of alfredo to mix in with the meat sauce..Tag' s has their own tomato/alfredo sauce which is ok too. Full portion is plenty for two people.
4	I have to say that I don't understand all these bad reviews. I work right by the Original location in the strip mall by Garcias. I have been here many times and I think it's some of the best Italian I have had. I wouldn't dream of walking into an Olive Garden with this place near by. Not one person I have ever taken there has complained and most have really enjoyed it.I have to wonder about some of these reviews. I can't help but think they have other interests when reviewing...
5	What a delight this restaurant is!A big first is that while it was crowded while we were there, it was still fairly quiet.  A few tables over us, a couple had a baby that didn't look to happy.  At a moment like that I considered asking if we might move to a table on the other side of the restaurant but was it worth the bother?  The decor is what you might find on a piazza of an Italian village. I can tell you at Concia Tagliana somewhere in the walls and ceiling which are festooned with trellises and leaves and strings of lights is some mean soundproofing.  I rarely ever hear the little rug rat!  The service was excellent.  My friend uses a wheel chair when we go distances.  Not only did someone offer to hold the door as we came in, the hostess offered to take the wheel chair in a back room as soon as we were seated without my asking.  A little thing but really appreciated.We were seated next to a couple that were finishing their dinners.  They told us they had been coming there for years. Their meals looks so good that we just ordered what they had-no need to look at a menu.  Norma's salmon was to her satisfaction which is saying something. She's particular about food and one doesn't hear the word's very good from her that often.  I had eggplant parmesagn which was fixed as well as I could ask for.  When they served these, they were at a temperature where we culd start eating them immediately.  The fact that the manager brought them out, himself, tells me there were not going to sit and get cold.  No, the food was like poison and such small portions, here.  There was more than enough food to have it boxed up for another meal at home.Kari, our waitress, who did an excellent job not only boxed everything up, but put the salads and the entrees in seperate containers, wrote what was in it and whose it was.  To make it even better they were bagged when she brought them out!  That  quality of service really stands out for me..I am happy to say that reviewing this restaurant gives me a perfect platform to discuss some of my pet peeves.  The first is the size of the  they glasses they use for water and soft drinks.  We live in Arizona where it is HOT in the summers.  More than a few restaurants use glasses that as soon as you sit down and quench your immediate thirst, they have to be filled up again.  My kingdom for a decent size glass of water for a change.  Cucina Tagliani gives you large bordering on huge glasses of what ever you order.  Our server didn't even have to think about refilling the glasses, her concern could be with getting the meal served proper.  This alone would be good for half a a star from me.  My second pet peeve started flashing red lights for me when Kari said we could have a salad to go with our meal for ninety nine cents.  When I hear that I immediately envision a salad of size that would have to go past a mirror twice to get a reflection.  Norma likes a salad. though, so for that price I said let's do it-against my better judgment.  I was shocked when she brought out two salads that were large, fresh and inviting!  Even by the size of the regular dinner salads one sees at most places, these were generous.  This was good for a star just on his own.  My third pet peeve is the "complimentary bread" that gets served, especially at an Italian eatery.  Usually there is an end piece that looks like are risking your bridge work if you bite down on it.  Aside from that, the rest will be ok but not something to write home.  We won't even talk about the fact that it almost always takes two baskets to be sufficient. It's a given that another one will have to be requested. Here the three slices of bread were light and fresh, no ends,  perfect to dip in the olive oil and balsamic vinegar you tke out of the basket on the table to mix on the extra plate set for that at the table.  About the time I was ready to request a second basket, what was delivered but another basket of bread as nice as the third.  I like this place.I will share a final moment of horror that occurred for me at Cocina Tagliana when we requested our check.  We never looked at the menus which also mean we never looked at the prices.  Based on the quality of the food, the large servings, and the really good service, I was questioning whether I was going to have to sell  my first born, if I had one, to pay for the meal.  My last pleasant surprise was how reasonable the amount of the check was!  In addition to that, a short survey was attached to the check.  They asked some questions I would want to know if it was my establishment.   It is obvious they are concerned about staying above what is just sufficient.  It is working!Before I make Cucina Tagliani sound like an Italian eatery Nirvana,  let me say one thing,  I have had better Italian food at higher prices in more sophisticated establishments..  So many things come together right here that for a neighborhood eatery, I don't think I could have asked for much better..
3	It's a good neighborhood Italian. Not gourmet but it's a good combination of value and quality. Generally we like to cook our own sauce at home. But when we're pretty much being lazy, it's a good enough getaway. You just need to order the half portions and that's plenty. The wine selection could be a little more extensive, but it does ok. I just get a kick at the total spectrum of excellent to poor reviews. Different strokes...
4	I have been coming to this little place for about 13 years. I like the pick a pasta bowls. I love the gnocci with the garlic butter!The sausage and the meatballs are very good. The meatballs are huge! Just like my grandmas! My husband and I are both Italian, we do not care for the chains like olive garden, macaroni grill etc. But we love Taglianis! My daughter who is 10, loves the kids bowl pasta: angel hair with garlic butter and scallops. My husband loves the mussels and calamari. I also love their antipasto salad. It has a canteloupe in it for added sweetness! Their creamy garlic dressing is out of this world. The decor is cozy, the place is clean and we have never had bad service here. They even let us sample different sauces like the peporcini, tomato-fredo and pesto. If they don't have the balsamic vinegar on your table for mixing with the olive oil and making your own dipping sauce for the bread, ask for it! Yum. This is good Italian food,for the days when you just don't want to cook all day and clean up.  I will take Taglianis anyday!
1	Chris S. personally attacked me for disliking Cucina Tagliani.  So, I would definitely listen to him when he asks you to consider the validity of these reviews.  It may be upsetting for Chris to read such hatred in reviews, but it is more upsetting to get a message full of hateful personal attacks.  I hope Chris isn't the owner, he seemed to be mighty emotional over the whole thing!  I'm not the only one who hated this place, Chris.  Are you going to attack us all?!
1	First, I have been a customer of Tags since the 59 ave and Bell restaurant opened.  I have seen the evolution of this family owned restaurant and then their expansion in opening two other Tags in the valley.  The poor rating I have to unfortunately give Tags has not been my experience until recently, say the past year or so.  Much of their problem I think can be reduced to poor managment and consequently poor oversight and customer service.  The past three experiences I have had at Tags have left me wondering if I will return again.  On one occasion I ordered a margarita and was delivered what is called a tag margarita, something that was not what I wanted nor ordered.  The waitress told me that this particular drink was the only type of margarita they offered, for 8.95.  I got the impression, rightly or wrongly that this was an attempt by the waitress to pad the bill.  I later went to the bar and asked the barmaid if they did in fact make a traditional margarita to which she told me they did.  On this particular occasion I ordered their Romano Chicken dish and was served an entirely different chicken item.  The server realized the mistake once she placed the meal in front of me.  Then my wife found a hair in her meal that she ordered.  I normally would chalk all this up to simply a bad experience that needed to be weighted against all the previously good experiences we had had at Tags.  My wife and I again returned to Tags about a month ago, hoping that things may have improved.  I think it is the one establishment that we would give second, third and fourth chances to.  We sat on the patio and ordered a half order appetizer of their calamari.  It was obvious to us that the portion size was considerably smaller then on previous visits, as we normally would order the calamari appetizer.  When our orders arrived again, I did not receive what I had ordered.  When the waiter placed my meal in front of me, I asked him what I had ordered.   He said, " Penne noodle, rustic roma sauce, and it looks like...hhhhmmm...meat?"  The poor guy couldnt even read his own writing, so I guess I cant fault the kitchen staff for making the wrong meal.  I had ordered a pasta bowl of penne nooodles, rustic roma sauce and mozzerella cheese.  He asked if I would have liked to send it back, but my wife already had her meal and had I sent it back she would have been done by the time my meal was served.  There was no offer of taking the meal off the check or getting the manager to visit our table to see how things were.  Again, I think this goes back to some management issues with this particular restaurant.  Due to Tags expansion, many of the more proactive managers, Rhonda being my favorite, were sent to the newer restaurants to manage them.  Unfortunately that has left  the 59th Ave Tags with a manager that is not proactive in his customer service nor congenial in nature.  It seems that this is reflected in much of the staffs attitudes also.  It is my hope that Tags will return to its previous place as one of our favorites, but I wont be one that will hold my breath until that happens.
3	Food is good and I like the variety to choose from. Haven't been disappointed yet.  I don't really like this restaurant at this location. It's the atmosphere and it just feels over crowded.
3	One of our favorite restaurants until very recently. The environment is cozy and the help has always been friendly even at their busiest times. To be honest I have only had a handful of items on their menu but they are pretty damn good. Recently I have been getting angel hair pasta with capers, asparagus, Garlic butter and bacon and it really does it for me.Recently they have changed the bread to include a flat bread which doesn't have much flavor. They also are not as diligent with offering the extra parmesan as they once were and I think it really is some of the staff.Stars favorite has always been the baked spaghetti with extra white sauce. As a note the white sauce has chicken stock in it so again not vegetarian friendly and Star can no longer eat it. We probably will return but are sue to be very specific with every meal we order as the mere mention of being vegetarian no longer seems to be a valid way to announce you do not want an animal product in your food.Be sure to sign up for their member card or download the coupon from their website and save 10$ off a 30$ bill. They also have live music on the weekends which really hasn't been too bad.
4	I think this place gets the nod because there isn't a whole lot of Italian on that side of town with a family vibe. I compare this place to an Olive Garden without the American"ized" twist. Happy hour is decent and the sauces for everything are high quality. The shrimp parm is something that I haven't seen very often and it is phenomenal. I also really liked the eggplant ans shrimp appetizer. This is like a once a month place.
5	One of my favorite go to places. For lunch i love the calimari fruiti salad. Yum yumFor dinner there are a few od my faves. Chicken dynamite(spicy) and really good. Seafood pasta always a winner if you like seafood. The salmon is also a winner. Never had a bad meal here. They have another location at arrowhood but I like this one the best
1	Worst meal ever.  The chicken tasted rancid.  The broccoli was burnt on every piece. The mushrooms were not at all cooked.  The bill was completely screwed up.  The kids meals were supposed to be free, when the bill came they were not free.  When I questioned this, the waitress removed 1 of the kids meals, the one that was burnt.  Pretty much nothing was eaten and the dog would not even touch the leftovers.  Don't bother eating here, if you do, you will be sorely disappointed.  Again worst meal I have ever had!
2	Since the owner offered to make it right I have improved my rating based on his interest in customer happiness, I always try to be fair.
4	We've been meaning to get to this intriguing restaurant for quite a while.  Well, for Valentine's day, while everyone else was jacking up their prices, they were offering a $10 off $30 through Sunday night, so we went one day early and we were NOT disappointed.  The Caprese salad and Antipasto salads were divine.  The Fritti plate which in our case meant half mozza and half zucchini was so fresh!  The mozza literally melted at the touch.Our entrees were very good as well.  My hubs got the Papa combo which consisted of veal, lasagna and some spinach manicotti.  He said it was spectacular.  My Chicken Saltimbucca was very good but a bit dry for my taste.  I saw many other orders go out that looked very yummy so I'm going to go again and again, working my way around the menu.The service was excellent with Barbara offering suggestions and helping in any way she could.  Now, this is not the most glamorous place on earth but it's comfortable and you feel like family!
5	Patio weather is here. A great glass of pinot, an accoustic guitarist. Great atmosphere, killer food. I would highly recommend. Anne Marie took care of us, she was super nice. Started with the portabello mushroom cooked in a house vingerette and topped with gorgonzola cheese. A nice dressing of onions and sliced tomatos with 4 toast slices. (It was a huge shroom). I had the make your own pasta. I chose gnocchi with pesto sauce, added sliced portabello mushrooms and spicy sausage link. Boyfriend had the Papas combo - spinach cheese cantaloni, lasagna, and veal parm. This place has HUGE Portions.  (I apologize for the typos, am on cell doing this review)
5	It's been really hard for me to find good Italian food since moving to Phoenix but this place is the best I've found.  The food actually has flavor, the wait staff was nice and the place has a nice feel.  I go back when I can.
3	This is one of the places you go to if you are in the area and prefer not to go to an Italian Chain .This weekend I tried the new Tagliani style Tilapia it was crusted in sun dried tomato and garlic and came with spaghetti squash a boatload of broccoli and a mountain of pasta  (approx $9.99) I thought it was good not great BUT GOOD and I really enjoyed the salad that I added on for a buck or two more with great house made blue cheese dressing .My husband enjoyed his pasta with a sausage and he added a a big meat ball to try he said it was good and he also added the salad but got the Italian salad ( that was really GREAT! ) with meat cheese macaroni cantaloupe .We've been here many times and based on multiple visits I have to say for us we find some meals here much better than others between 2 stars to almost 5 stars so 3 is fair and we go here instead of a chain place . For two dinners with left overs that were good enough to bring home and a BOTTLE of decent WINE dinner was only approx $50. before tip .5-28-11as only a slight update I was recently here for Lunch for the first time and I was very happy with Lunch I had the special 1/2 Chicken artichoke Panini with salad this FOR SURE IS among the best in Lunch around this town maybe I need to up them a star
3	We decided to give this restaurant location a try, We'd been to their Bell Rd location and were not impressed by their service. As a matter of fact, we've never been back and we live very close. So we tried this location with trepidation and am I glad we did. Food was good, service was excellent. The bread they start you out with is great!! We all had Choose your own pasta/sauce etc and 3 of 4 were excellent. ! of us had chicken on her sauce and it was not good tasting, but we were in a hurry and didn't make it known to the server. 3 of us would go back as the Rustic Roma sauce was very good.
1	OMG. Since they changed management, this place went way down hill. I can't believe this woman actually argues with the customers! My gnocci was cold and she told me I could either pay half of it and get a free dessert or just take it off the bill. No offer to re do it, no offer to just take it off and dessert. We had a few more instances where there was a problem with our food. ANd she was just a nightmare. They need to replace this witch. We have been going here for years and I will vow to never go back to this location but instead head over to the Arrowhead location where the service is much better.
4	Good ambience, quick service, and above all great tasting food. The prices are competitive too. I was a fan of Olive Garden until a Professor I once worked for took me out for lunch to this place. I would never return to Olive Garden anymore because these people make the dishes tastier and the portions are larger than Olive Garden's. My wife, who was a bigger fan of Olive Garden agrees with me. I would especially recommend the Eggplant Parmesan and the Spinach Manicotti. The Enggplant Parmesan is usually on their discounted "specials" menu. Tip: Try to find one of the coupons they send out in newspapers.
5	Like Mexican food I've always found it impossible to find my favorite Italian restaurant..Well look no further because I found my favorite Italian place in the valley.Funny that I live on the west side and had no idea this place existed. It's just north of Bell of 459th Ave.  Easy to miss if you're not looking for it. Right as you walk inside it has that family Italian feel to it.  Awesome decor all around.  A bar on the right as you walk in and then the rest of the restaurant is on the inside.Ive been here a few times and I'll tell what I've had.  The first time I had their baked spaghetti and wow.. it was tasty!  Every bite better than the next.  They also bring out fresh bread for dipping in oil and balsamic vinagar.  Makes it that much better.My favorite dish so far..  Eggplant Parmesan. Holy..  this dish was insane.  Im not even an eggplant fan and I couldnt get enough.  the meal is definitely big enough to split for two.  however they do offer a single portion.I highly recommend this delicious place!
4	My wife and I have been eating at Tagliani's for many years. We have a frequent dinners card with them that awards us points. That aside. We never get anything fancy. Usually just their pasta bowel. You get a choice of about 10 pastas, 10 sauces, 25 added toppings. (Meat, Veg, cheese). Always get the half size. This is always more than enough and I always take half home. The food has always been good and the service has always been good. Not great that is the reason for the 4 stars. They do serve good food and in a quantity that is for me to much to eat at one setting at a reasonable price. The decor, and music fits the Italian style. They always play Frank Sinatra songs. The seating is comfortable and you can carry on a conservation with who you are with without having to shout and now everyone knows what you are talking about.There is a lot to choose from on the menu. The only thing I wish they had would be a pasta dish with fish, shrimp, octopus, clams, mussels. I can keep wishing and hope they see this and grant my wish to me. I will keep coming back. Give them a try. Enjoy life!!Craig
2	Went to this place for lunch with family today.  Wasn't impressed and after going to the one on 83rd and Bell which was a much better experience.  Arrived and was seated by host.  Drinks brought out quickly, ordered the mussels in rusted garlic sauce, Cesar salad, rigatoni alla diavolo, my wife ordered the mussels in alfredo sauce.  I ordered a childs pizza for my son.  Had to ask for bread which is usually not requested in Italian restaurants.  Server Mary brought bread when requested but with no butter, brought salad and never offered Parmesan cheese.  Food came out and compared to the 83rd Ave location it was bland and my son's pizza looked like they had someone training for the first day.  The thing wasn't even round.  Nonetheless I will be returning to that location.  The place was stuffy too.
4	I've been going to this location for over 10 years! Best calamari fritti in town! And try the spicy sausage rigatoni, you won't be disappointed! And lastly, if you're trying to watch the carbs a bit, you can substitute spaghetti squash for your 'noodle' choice. It does cost a little extra, but it's worth it!
4	Lots of great food choices. Their appetizers are wonderful.
4	We love this place!My wife and I have been eating here since they opened nearly 20 years ago, and it is one of our favorite places.  The service is outstanding, the food is outstanding, and the prices are quite reasonable.  I love their pasta tagliani and pasta diavolo, and their pasta bowls are really good too!
5	Been coming here for ten years. Their Veal Parmesan is the best I've had, and I've tried it many places. Their gnocchi with meat sauce is the closest I've ever come to my immigrant  Italian grandmother's.
1	I went here for a nice lunch one afternoon. A nice lunch is NOT what I got. My food was awful. I got the lunch pasta special, which tasted just like a cheap frozen dinner. The chicken was bland and dry, and the sauce WAY OVER PRICED FOR MICROWAVE FOOD! I may go back to try something else, but I hardly write reviews. This was the worst food I have had in Phoenix yet.
5	My son and I have been eating here for years and it is consistently enjoyable. We always get their pasta with meat sauce, a half portion is enough for the both of us. Their house made italian dressing is so good I could almost drink it ! The prices are right and the servers are always efficient, but our waitress today was especially awesome. Being in the restaurant industry myself I especially appreciate good service, and it's not always easy to find. Katie was spot on and really sweet, wish there were more like her  !
4	The quality of the food here is very, very good and consistently so! The pricing too is very reasonable. We love the manicotti and the linguini with clams. Service can be understandably slow when busy. We've eaten at both locations and the food is just as lovely at either place. I most definitely plan to return again and again, often.
4	We just returned from another enjoyable visit to Cucina Tagliani! The spinach manicotti and ravioli were very, very good as well as the eggplant parmesan. Service was spot on and we will most definitely return when in PHX.
5	I love this local eatery!  Veal Parmesan is often missing from Italian restaurants' menus, but you can get it here, and it's wonderful.  We visited recently for Mothers' Day and I split the Papa's Combo with my mom.  The combo has Veal Parmesan, Spinach Manicotti and Lasagna...what a dream!  Other diners in our group got Fettucine Alfredo with Chicken, Ravioli and Pizza (children's menu) and everyone was very happy with their selections.  They even handed out carnations to all the mothers...what a nice touch!
5	When you would like to pull over to the side-street of life for lunch or dinner, this place has charm and great eats.  The antipasti has cantaloupe, salami and peperoncinis plus black olives married in a delicious home-style dressing.  You must try it when you go.  All of the pasta dishes I've tried have been above average, homemade and fresh.  Thin pizzas are not bad when you're on the run. I love the classic bossa-nova music playing from the 40's & 50's and italian wine garden style dining room is quaint, dark and relaxing.
4	Excellent Italian food and great "date night" ambiance.
5	Yes, yes and hell, yes!  The food--I had veal piccata the small portion--was delicious and more than enough.My friend got the large size veal parmigiana and she had to take more than half home for the next day.  Her portion was that large, so maybe it is smarter to get the large order for a little more and get 2X the food.They put bread that's toasted with garlic and olive oil on the table first which was dee-licious!  Obviously, I totally blew the Atkins all protein diet with that bread basket, but it was sooo good!I just love the food here, so this is now my new go-to place for real Italian. ***Keep up the good work at this location, but you need to kick the 83rd Ave. location and get them cooking like the 59th Ave. location.  I've eaten at both, and they just are not the same:  different cooks make a difference.
1	Low class Italian food.  Will not be back
2	Well I am disappointed to report that our most recent visit unfortunately had some negativisms. This used to be one of our favorite Italian restaurants to frequent. First, the manicotti filling was a very discolored brownish-grey which I really suspect to be a sign of old-aged food. The pasta tubes were very tough too (another indication of serving old or possibly microwaved food). The waitress was hit and miss, meaning absent when needed, and somewhat awkward and invasive when present. She even neglected to box up my wife's leftovers as requested. I guess we'll have to personally supervise that simple task in the future to ensure it gets done completely instead of believing the waitress when told it's been done (multiple boxes). The restaurant wasn't really busy at the time so I fail to see the reason for all of this. All in all, I have to say this is my most lackluster visit yet. I sure wished this was just a fluke (though the manicotti at our previous visit at the other location was nearly identical, so maybe quality is on the steady decline here). Sorry Cucina Tagliani, as much as the fond memories of great food brought me in to your abode, your quality and service sure seems to be very noticeably slipping southward recently, and consequently it may eventually drive us away. 2 stars for you, but it wouldn't take much more to push that down to 1 with my family saying adios, and exploring other Italian restaurants to fulfill our love for good food.
2	Very disappointed Sunday.  We were a party of six and no one walked away satisfied.  The quality of the food has really taken a turn for the worse.  Seems like everything is precooked, frozen and reheated.   This was my favorite Italian restaurant.
5	Always a fan. For a few reasons, but my most important one is the dog friendly patio. I like to go for a few drinks on friday with my dog Blueberry who has the entire staff wrapped up in her little paw. Always good service, and although Im an atkins dieter, they are very in tune with making sure my dietary needs are met. Just a real good vibe from everyone there and the fact that they are involved in dog adoption events and have accomodations for my cheap little fur covered date make this place kinda great for the both of us. To all the staff and Mr Sample, thank you all for being accomodating. Foods great as well. Blueberry should be the mascot for this place.I realize now I had posted this review to the other location. Reguardless. I have not been to the other location and think a 5 star rating should be appropriate by association. Avanti!  Also, the patio on fridays evenings has a real talented young lady who is really nice to listen to and gives a real nice ambiance to the whole area.
4	Outstanding linguini with clams in garlic butter sauce.  It was made just right and feels like home cooking.  Very tasty garlic bread as well.  They also have many true Italian items on the menu that you wouldn't find in pseudo Italian places (e.g. Olive Garden), but some items can be pricy.  Option to customize pasta.  Service is ok, nice decor inside but it's more of a eatery than a 1st class restaurant.  I would go back when I crave for some real Italian food.
4	Always a fan and love their food.  The 14th Street pizza is my favie but this time it tasted different.  It was good but it was not GREAT!!!  =(  The service was great.
1	Better Italian food at Olive Garden and that's saying a lot! New to the area I decided to give this place a try and unfortunately it'll be the last time. Happy hour is not happy hour, the waitress who wasn't familiar with the menu had to keep coming back and telling me all the things I couldn't get. Not a great business strategy. Worst of all I couldn't customize my order which was shocking. You'd think if I could have a burger made my way at a fast food joint that they could customize your meal for the price you're paying here! So be careful if you are allergic or really dislike certain foods. It also worried me that the food isn't being cooked to order because of this and perhaps just frozen bulk that's reheated. I ordered the spinach manicotti which I forced myself to finish because I felt bad for my friend who had offered to pay.  The food was lukewarm at best, not presented well and I felt ill after it all. I won't be returning, there are plenty of other restaurants in the area to choose from.
5	I cannot believe I have forgotten to review one of my favorite restaurants. I have been coming in for years and I absolutely love it.I typically get the pasta plate and order a gnocchi with garlic butter and spinach which is big enough on the full for me to take home and eat for lunch the next day. The half is good sized too, but you only take a little home then. The atmosphere is typically friendly. (Every once in awhile you encounter a miss-hire with the wait staff. I had one waitress every time I came it. Ugh. She was just not cool but I'm hoping she just isn't there any more.) The decor is old an Italian homey feel. I will say I prefer this location to the newer one near the 101. Its a smaller setting, I don't feel as forgotten and my food is always hot at this location even when I do take out.
3	Decent Italian in a suburban strip mall. Decent wine selection, meal sizes were generous. Bathroom was built for Phoenix Sun players, I had to tiptoe to use the urinal. Seriously.
5	Great italian restaurant.  I've been coming here for years. I usually get the build a bowl pasta.  I love that you can get spaghetti squash as a substitute for regular pasta. The staff is also very friendly.
3	This is a family owned budget Italian restaurant. Some things are hits and some things are misses depending on your taste. Last time I was here I had the diavolo Salmon and it was so delicious I thought I should bump them up a star since the salads here are very good with house made dressings. I can't bump them up a star because I just had the diavolo salmon again and it was still good but not the same (Super Yummy) as last time. What everAnyway I think this place is better than the Olive Garden so I go here instead of there.
2	I went with a group last night for dinner to try Cucina Tagliani and well it just wasn't my cup of tea.  I love Italian food don't get me wrong and I love big portions both of which Cucina Tagliani offers.  The service was great as well.  My problem was the food just wasn't really good.  I had the calamari which was ok and a ceaser salad which again just ok.  Then for main course i had the veal parmigiana which I thought just really lacked in flavor and thought the meat was over done.  So overall it wasn't a bad experience just lack of tasty food that led to the low rating so try at your own risk.
5	Always love this place! Food is always great!
4	I've been here on 2 occasions. Once for dinner, and once for lunch. Both times have been good, quality experiences.When we had dinner at Tagliani's it was 4 of us. I was with my family, and my brother in law raved about it. We ordered 2 appetizers, and each of us ordered an entree. We family styled the entrees and everyone ate some of everything. All of it was very good. Bread was fresh and warm.  Put it in the the "Must do again" category.Went back for lunch a few days ago. Went to check-in, and low and behold, a free app! Wings and Rings! And honestly, they were the best wings I've ever had. Grilled to absolute perfection. The rings were homemade. Awesome. I had the lunch special baked ziti. Very good. Gf had the Eggpant Parmesian. She gave it a 3.5. I tried the spaghetti and maranara that went with it. I thought it had a very clean, and fresh flavor. Great for a maranara.Little one had the pepperoni pizza off of the Kids' Menu. I had a couple of bites to try it, and I thought it was excellent. I'd have eaten it.The only gripe was the bread seemed a tad dated. But, it was 3pm when we got there, and I'm sure fresh bread might be a stretch. Overall, it was an excellent experience with great food, and good service.
2	Less expensive food if that is what you are looking for. Happy hour has some good items but most are fried. Not that there is anything wrong with that!
5	LOVE Tagliani's!! Try the Saltimbocca it's delicious!!! Better than Olive Garden and cheaper than Carabbas.
3	My family visits this location quite often. The food is usually quite good. However, more than once we've had an issue trying to use a coupon. Case in point, yesterday checked in on YELP and was rewarded a free onion/wing app, only to be informed by our waitress that they weren't accepting coupons that day (presumably because of Mother's Day?). As stated before, not the first time a coupon has been refused here. Not sure what the thinking is behind these decisions, but seems a bit off-putting. It's not like they're giving anything else away. Maybe change the wording on offers to exclude certain days, but seems to me a bad idea to treat customers in that manner.
4	I have been eating here for years. I don't love italian food to begin with but its one of the best places i have found in this area. I always order the same thing and tonight my boyfriend ordered takeout. When I tasted mine i was disappointed right away. I called the store and the man who answered the phone made no excuses, immediately took responsibility and told me  a new one would be ready soon. I told him I would have to wait to drive back and he offered me a free dessert for my trouble. The desert was HUGE and three people couldn't finish it. My new order was cooked perfectly and he also included fresh bread. This place as better then average food and well above average customer service. There arent many places that offer free things when customers aren't acting angry or upset. Give them a try, and tell them if you have any problems. You will leave happy :)
5	This I feel is one of the best italian eateries this side of the valley. I have been a regular here for the past five years and the lasagna is the best. I highly recommend this establishment. Great food, good prices, and the wait staff was very helpful
3	This is a family owned and operated budget Italian Restaurant that has been a pillar of the area for over twenty years. They recently changed the menu and some old favorites are gone and some new favorites have arrived. They also are cleaning up the old decor and the dusty old wine bottles are gone.The salads here really are a high light here they are always fresh and crisp with very good house made dressings and they only cost $2.50 - $3.00 to add on to a meal. So they are better than the Olive Garden just for that and the bread is better too!My husband enjoyed the non-tradititional Chicken Saltimbocca with a parmesan crust in a vodka cream sauce. He said it was good and tasty and he would be happy to order it again. I think that dish only cost about $13.00.I had the chicken dynamante before and it was delicious with a great peppercini sauce. But the chicken was dry and I don't like dry chicken ........ but that was a couple years back so I thought I could try it again.It seems like they tried to improve the chicken and it seemed like it was marinated but it also seemed over marinated and had a plastic tub kind of lunch meat kind of crispness and snap to it so I didn't enjoy the chicken again. I've had the sauce a few times over the years in other dishes here and it was always delicious. Maybe I was here when a new cook was learning because this time the sauce was light on the peppercinis and was very heavy with chicken base. I thought I was licking a spoon of chicken base. I also thought the raw crisp peppers were out of place in the dish and wondered why they weren't cooked. Based on this dish I would have rated them at two stars but my husband really enjoyed his dish and I know I had better here. Service is always very good here.Hits but also misses.Worth a try!
5	As soon as you walk in you feel like you have arrived somewhere special. We were there right before the holidays and had the pleasure of sitting next to what must of been a regular although he looked like a celebrity of some kind an italian looking New York actor. He was eating the most incredible dishes and he recommended to us what to order the mussels are incredible, and be sure not to induldge on the bread it is addictive tasty, and the pasta fagioli soup just like in Italy homemade the best. Be sure to save room for dessert, the cannollis are mouth watering. We will return and hopefully the New York Actor lookalike is there again.
2	Service has always been great, don't care for the dry bread but it's the horrible water that stands out as trying to get the customer to order a "drink". Out of the four of us at dinner we all agreed the water tasted like chlorine water from someone's pool. The server said it's "filtered". NOT a chance! We asked him if we could get the water from bartender. He replied "it's the same". He kept pushing ordering a $4 sparkling water or cocktail etc. We all agreed no thanks. I went up to the bar later and asked for a glass of water. What do you know? It was fine and definitely filtered. Food is alright but when the water tastes better at even In and Out or any other restaurant you know they aren't paying attention to detail. Plenty of other great Italian restaurants on Bell Rd.
4	Found this place using Yelp while in Anthem, AZ.  So we (my parents and I) piled in the car and drove about 25 minutes to this place. It was Happy Hour when when we arrived so I asked for the strongest drink on the their menu.  I had the Monsoon Madness.  It's wasn't that strong, but it was good drink.  We had appetizers - Calamari Fritti  and a Caprese Bruschetta  - Both delicious.Dinner - My dad had a Pepperoni/Pineapple Pizza, My mom had the Eggplant Parmesan and I had the Linguine and Clams in White Sauce.  Everything was delicious.
2	We used to really like the food here so decided to try it again, especially since we found online where kids eat free. There was a little bit of a hassle when we got the check, but ended up getting that removed. However, we were still charged for our kid's drinks when the menu specifically said they were included with the meals. The antipasto salad we got was not filled with "meats" as described, but rather a small portion of only pepperoni and the dressing had an unusual after taste. The alfredo sauce was real bland, chicken parmesan too thin and mainly breading. When we reached out to the manager, never heard a word back so obviously customer service isn't such a priority here. We will never go back.
2	I was really excited to go check this place out because I've heard great things about it. The interior was very cute and loved the music, it was very Italian. However, I was a little disappointed with the food. I got the Cesar salad to start off with and thought it tasted funny, but was then told by our server it was because there's anchovies in the dressing. That would've been nice to know ahead of time  in case someone is allergic to fish, plus I wouldn't have ordered that salad then. I didn't enjoy my steak Gorgonzola either, which I think has the anchovies in thy sauce too, because that did not taste as good as it sounded in the menu. I won't be going back anytime soon.
5	called ahead and took our dogs here. they set up the outside patio for us along with many water bowls for all the pooches. All I ate was their desert pizza cookie which was just ok. the bread they bring out as a complimentary snack was yummy though so I'm excited to try their actual food next time I go.Nice place and friendly service.
1	We have been here atleast a dozen times over the Last couple of years, the food is not at all like it used to be. Pasta sauce was Not good, chicken parm was Not seasoned well, the bread was soggy.
4	This is a very nice Italian restaurant that's perfect for lunch or dinner with your family. It's nice inside and the service is top notch.  I've only eaten here a few times but was always greeted by a friendly person who chatted a bit on the way to the table.  The servers are also friendly and attentive. We got a sampler platter for a starter the last time we came and it was a lot of food!  It comes with artichoke dip, chicken wings, onion rings, mozzarella, zucchini and mushroom fritti. No problem serving three adults and two kids.They have a nice menu with a number of choices. But, I figure that any place that has the tag line, "your neighborhood pasta place" is giving me a hint about what to order. I've had the Baked Ziti and the Sausage Lasagna. Both dishes are very good.  Their sauce is delicious and they're a contender for the best meatballs in the valley.Nice place for a good meal with your family - note, they have a very good children's menu.
4	Sat outside on the patio last Friday night - they had a wonderful singer who played everything - not so loud that you couldn't talk though.  The food was wonderful, service was good and the atmosphere was so nice!  Planning to bring a group this weekend!
3	Quality of food is just as important as quality of service. Service was slow, at times non existent and borderline rude. Food was good to very good. We ate on the patio, which has a nice atmosphere....broken patio bricks on the floor though, made my chair wobble. It was a Thursday night that we ate here, and there was no wait. Our complimentary garlic bread came so late to the table, that had I known we would be getting bread at all, I would never have ordered the garlic cheese bread from the menu, which was good, by the way. Along with the bread, we ordered an antipasto salad to share amongst four of us. That was okay, but oddly It had melon and macaroni mixed in. Not a problem for me, but the other three guests disliked the combination.For our entrees we ordered: Veal Parmesan which I was very pleased with. Tender, tasty and good sized portion. Red sauce was on the sweet side and heavy handed.Fettuccine with garlic butter, prosciutto, roasted onions and spinach. ( design your own pasta). I was impressed with the bold flavors and the amount of prosciutto in the dish. The pasta tasted fresh, not boiled from dry. The price for this entree I though was outstanding. $6.99 plus 0.99 additional for prosciutto and onions.Chicken Parmesan which was good as well...also tender, juicy and served on top of spaghetti.Shrimp scampi was abundant with shrimp and the sauce was lemony and fresh tasting.The service was so mediocre, that it ruined our total experience, and we won't be returning to this location. When we have to get up and ask for a server because we sat for so long waiting and then also ask for our dirty appetizer plates to be removed while our dinner plates are being set down, I draw the line. One of the servers gave me a rude response....and even the best food couldn't cancel out that kind of service. Frustrating when others who sat down after us were immediately acknowledged, had bread brought to their tables, drinks, had side side salads served ( and was offered cheese on their salads which was never offered to us)....all before we even ordered our appetizers, was annoying.Sorry Cucina, but this was my first and last time. My meal was delish, but the service was lackluster at best.
5	My parents took my sister and I to this location since we were kids. I always loved it and then we started to go to the location at Arrowhead. The Arrowhead location was good up until about a year ago. Then their food's quality changed and I started sending food back too often. Last night (04/07/2014), I took my boyfriend to this location. It was his first time eating at Cucina Tagliani at any location and my first time back to this location in years. One of the best meals we've had in a while. I ordered the black mussel pasta for the first time and I can't remember a time where I had more flavorful mussels. I went to work after dinner and told everyone how good they were. My boyfriend was a huge fan of the garlic bread and the chicken parmigan. I'm thrilled to see a place from my childhood continue to offer the best quality and service. I forgot how much I love the decor there as well. I think we may ditch Olive Garden for a while and come eat here instead :)
4	We came back, after a personal invitation from the owner, after a so-so experience at the 59th avenue location. We decided to try out the 83rd (Arrowhead location) second time around. What a world of difference. Staff, service, atmosphere....all was excellent! Including the food. Complimentary garlic bread was delish, and we also started with a wing onion ring combo plate. Yummy wings :) I had the caprese side salad, small but really delicious and fresh and I had a make your own pasta dish with fettuccini, garlic butter, spinach and roasted onions. Butter was Lacking a little flavor, but none the less, very good and pasta was super fresh. My husband had the steak Gorgonzola over fettuccini with a side of antipasto salad. Again, very good. Manager visited our table....server was as sweet as could be. Loved the Italian family style atmosphere....we will be back. Thank you very much for the invitation to dine again :)
4	Good as usual... My hubby and I always get the baked spaghetti, which I highly recommend. My rum and diet was a little weak but my husband says hi just have a high tolerance... ha ha Overall we love this place!!
5	The good was amazing ! We sat on the patio and listened to the live music. Very accommodating to our large party. I got the wedge blue cheese salad and it was amazing ! I also got the angel hair pasta and toma-fredo sauce and it was amazing !! I would recommend this place for sure !!
3	We enjoy this place alot...however we recently went to enjoy the live entertainment on the patio and found out that they allow smoking and left ALOT sooner than we wanted to....I thought there was a law :(
3	it was a-ok.
3	This is for the location at 59th and Bell.DH said ambiance-wise, it reminded him of the Italian places in NJ and Cleveland---that's a good thing.  I guess I agree---I felt like it could have been a little cleaner maybe?The hostess and our server---I think her name was Julie---were super.  Julie was just great at taking care of the four of us---watchful, but not stalking---kept the plates moving, us eating, drinks topped off, and all with a pleasant smile.I got the veal picatta.  Wish I hadn't.  We came here because our friends, who are Italian New Yorkers, said Tagliani's had the best sauce.  I sampled some of the marinara with my calamari appetizer and me---the person who does not love red sauce---could have swilled the stuff down, it was that good.  Then Julie brought us a sample of the pepperoncini sauce.  Again---rocked my world.  Talk about flavorful fireworks in the mouth! So I was kind of disappointed in the lemon-butter-garlic sauce---which tasted of none of the above---just kind of oily.  And the veal was pretty tough.  But the portion was plentiful and I asked and got my pasta slightly over-cooked, because I don't get this whole al dente thing.  Why do people gnaw on tough pasta?  Anyhow, I got the veal picatta because that's what I had in my head before we got there and even as good as the marinara and pepperocini sauces were, I stuck to it.  Not a good move.DH got the Mama's Sampler.  He ate and ate and ate with happy little groans and still had plenty to bring home!  He said the lasagna and chicken parm was incredible, found the fettucine alfredo to be bland.  That's because he is used to my alfredo sauce, which has lots of butter and garlic in it.  LOTS.  Real alfredo should be very mild, evidently some chef invented it for his wife who was nursing their first baby, and he wanted something soothing and strengthening for her.  (I read that in a cookbook once.)  So I told him that wasn't a fair judge.  The only thing we don't put garlic on is our Captain Crunch, and that's just because we haven't thought of doing it before!So I am really looking forward to going back, because I am getting something with the marinara sauce or the pepperocini sauce.  Julie the Server said Tagliani's is bottling and selling both those sauces---I am excited.  If second visit proves the both of them to be as yummy as that first visit, I am so stocking up my pantry!So I am not an Italian food expert, but DH says Tagliani's was the bomb and I certainly will not object to going back.  I wonder if I could get a plate that was half marinara and half pepperocini sauce for a proper taste test....?  Yumm-o!
4	I came home to find my wife buried under a pile of books studying away. Neither she, nor myself wished to cook and I thought she could use a break so I set off searching the Yelp app for something new.I came across Cucina Tagliani and the reviews seemed good so I figured what the hell. We arrived and stood by the vacant host station for someone to assist us. The manager came by after a few minutes and seated us. Our waitress came by a short time later to take drink orders. However, since we'd made it in time for happy hour, we just ordered water while we perused the happy hour menu.By the time she returned, we had already chosen our drinks, app, and entrees. She apologized for the slow service and said that it was due to everyone covering every position - busing, waiting, hosting duties. We weren't too bothered about it, but I was starting to get antsy when she arrived. The rest of the service was good.Since Good Eats S. had written a review not 1 hour prior to our arrival, we used theirs as a guide. We both got the Mama's Sampler. We both agreed that the chicken and lasagna were fantastic! However, the fettucine was bland. Maybe more garlic could have brought it to life, but it was still edible. I would order the chicken parm on it's own next time since it is so good.We ordered onion rings for our app. They were good, but not something I would expect at an Italian restaurant. I would certainly order them again, but would also like to try other items on the menu.The garlic bread is plentiful and beats the hell out of Olive Garden's. Flavor is good, and it is cooked perfectly.We ordered an Italian Dream and Monsoon Madness for our drinks. All I can say is that they are strong, but you don't know it until you've had one down. The alcohol sneaks up on you since they are just so fruity and good. Now I know what you're thinking - men don't drink fruity drinks. I figure who cares as long as it is good and gets you the effect you're looking for. These drinks definitely do that.We will be coming back at some point.
1	My husband went for lunch on Saturday and were disappointed.  It must have changed hands the decor had changed a bit and the bread was different (not in a good way).  The bread was very soggy like it had been sitting for hours and it was only lunch time.  The service was horrible even though there were only people sat three tables.  It was just not as welcoming and friendly as it used to be.  Though I hand't been there in few months it "was" one of my go to restaurants.
1	I have never left a review on Yelp before but I was inspired to download the app just to warn people about this place. I wish I would have looked at reviews before I came here today. I used to make the drive from north scottsdale, all the way over to glendale just for this restaurant when I was 16 to let's say 20. I am now 30 and decided to mix things up with my girlfriend and try my favorite from when I was a kid. This place has gone down hill in a hurry. I laughed audibly out loud when I read the review previously written saying they think it changed hands. I had just done a Google search on my phone to see if they sold out. The owner must have gotten a new manager or food provider. The food made me sick. I ordered whole wheat pasta with the reduced fat marinara and it came out like a bowl of soup. We tried the 4.50 portobello mushroom appetizer and that was like a hot sponge soaked in vinager. The bread is soggy and nasty. I was embarrassed to take my girlfriend here.
3	Love the Italy decor feel, nice layout. I wish I was actually there though.  Haha :))We got the 6 wings and 6 onion rings complimentary because I checked myself into yelp. Yayyy for yelp. The garlic bread was DELICIOUS! ( Had three basket :/ ) but it's.so.good!!!!!!!!!The Mediterranean pizza minus the olives was awesome.  Love the thin crust. The sauce was on point. Yumm. Boyfriend had the rigatoni spicy sausage pasta.. he absolutely enjoyed it. Everything was on par he said. He devoured the wings. He liked how the crush peppers were on the wings. He thought it was perfect :)Our waitress wasn't too friendly nor helpful. But the food was really good and I had great company! :)
3	Good food, good value, generally good service - this only lacks the 4th star because I feel the food could use just a tiny flavor boost.  It's very good, but not quite excellent.  There are lots of wonderful options, generous portions and unusual items (you can get things like spaghetti squash or tortellini as a base in mix-n-match pasta, and you can toss on any variety of toppings).  It's definitely fresher and more authentic than the standard salad-n-breadsticks chain, and features lots of healthy options.The atmosphere is cozy and cute, although slightly chain-y.  Overall, a great place to try if you're in the area.
4	This place is good, and the happy-hour specials are pretty good too.  My only complaint is that they make everything extra FATTENING.  I wanted to eat more, but there was soooooo much unnecessary butter and cream and oil all over everything.  I got the steak fettuccine.
5	The atmosphere is lovely, the service was super, and furthermore, the food was excellent.  Be hungry when you go, because there is plenty! Lasagne is delicious, not to much of anything in it, just right.  Wines are great
2	I have been here before with my bf and we had a great time with good food...we decided to eat here for our anniversary dinner (well, lunch actually). We got drinks (waited 10+ mins) so I'll knock a star off and they were not very good to boot. We ordered the make your own pasta dish. My boyfriend ordered a spicy rigatoni with meatballs. I got ravioli with marinara. Within two bites my boyfriend could tell that there were nuts in it. He has a pretty bad nut allergy so I quickly waved someone down and I believe she was a manager...she had an accent but never said her name. She told my boyfriend it was HIS fault. His pasta dish that shouldn't have contained any nuts (no warning on the items he chose) somehow had nuts. She said he should have informed the staff before ordering but really! Pasta doesn't usually have nuts! I'm allergic to bananas but I don't go around telling places to keep my spaghetti away from the banana foster, do I? Honestly, she was so rude. I love the goat cheese salad but after that experience we won't be going back. The male manager ended up not charging us for the pasta.
2	I took my XC team here and called early in the day for a reservation. They had a side room for us, which was great, but still had to wait for 10-15 minutes to be seated. I sat out in the main dining area with my other coaches and received excellent food and service. We finished and paid and went to check on the kids, knowing it would take longer to serve 20 kids. We were shocked to see they only had drinks at this point, and quickly discovered that only one waitress had been assigned to serve 20 kids. Salads started coming at this point, but it took an hour and a half before they got their food. I asked them to bring the checks immediately after the food in order to speed things up, and asked that they include the tip in the check to make things easier (high school students don't get the concept and I still wanted the waitress to get a tip despite everything). They said they would, but then did not include the tip, which slowed things down even more. There was still only one waitress handling all the checks, and at this point there were very few patrons left in the restaurant, yet management did not get her the help she clearly needed in order to expedite service. It took over two hours to serve my group. I understand a large group takes more time to serve, and am ok with that. Management did not seen to understand what is necessary to serve a group this large. In the future (if we return) I will make sure to request sufficient waitstaff for the group or simply drive a little farther to the Bell Road location in Peoria where management understands the logistics of serving a large group.  Just to be clear - the food and prices were great and the staff perfectly friendly. All the issues we had could have been solved simply by having an appropriate number staff to serve the large group.
5	I had lunch here earlier today with my mom. Our server was Emma I believe, curly hair. The service was great as was the food. What was not so great was the woman two booths down complaining along the entire time. When she got rude with Emma, Emma said she would go get the manager to fix the problem. Emma kept apologizing for their problem and remained composed and polite the entire time. I have worked in the service industry for over 10 years and I have never seen a manager handle something like this. He actually stood up for his employee and refused to let either him or his server be treated disrespectfully. The woman started shouting about how awful it was that she was not getting something for free and how they do not value customers. She made the environment uncomfortable. It was amazing to see a manager 86 someone instead of kissing their ass like most people expect. I will come back to this location because I know the managers respect their staff.
