5	this review is for the "hard hat tour" which are currently the only way to tour the site (http://www.riversofsteel.com/things-to-do/tours/).i knew a little bit about the industry and purpose of a "steel furnace" prior to the tour, but the guides did a great job explaining the process and how all of the massive structures were used.our group was lucky enough to hear from someone who worked in the furnace for many years, providing a firsthand account of the hard-work, danger, and teamwork that went into everything.definitely recommended to anyone even remotely interested in america's industrial history. that said - even if you're not interested at all, the approximately hour long tour is worth it just for the chance to walk through the site, and the actual buildings.
5	I love the tours at this place! Highly recommend it to anyone living in or visiting the city. Check the Rivers of Steel website for tour dates - riversofsteel.com
3	The Carrie Furnace Mill tour was interesting in a lot of ways, but could have been more.  If you're looking for a combination of history, folklore, culture, this is good, but our guide was a little too into the engineering/technical aspects of how steel is made in extreme detail.The sights were awesome-to see the size of the place and different parts of the property is something, and for a facility that has been shut down/decommissioned for 30 years, the rustic condition was interesting, bordering on questionable in terms of safety.I read/heard from locals that there has been talk about developing the area immediately around the facility to make it more of a true historic site meant for tourists.  A neat tour, but be prepared to spend 2-2 1/2 hours on your feet standing and listening much of the time.
4	I'm not even sure how I first learned about the Carrie Furnace tours, but for $25 it was an interesting way to spend a Saturday morning.  Ticket price gets you a 2 hour or so guided tour through the site.  Our tour guide used to work in the furnaces and offered many personal stories and insights that definitely enhanced the whole experience.  I did, however, question the safety of the tour on several occasions.  Which is probably why they make you sign a waiver before getting near the place.  Taking in the history of the whole complex, realizing that this is only a tiny part of it, was pretty amazing.  The fact that Rivers of Steel is working to preserve and restore the area is a great service.  Our tour guide walked us through the whole process of iron making from start to finish.  I definitely recommend checking out the website http://www.riversofsteel.com/ to see the different tours they offer.  Materials found at the site have been used to make a deer head and other artists have taken advantage of the inspiring surroundings.While part of me wants to return once the site is cleaned up, part of me is glad I went now when we truly got to see all aspects of the facility.  In the meantime, it would definitely enhance the experience if there were photos or videos of the site at work back in the day.
5	History is important especially for the things that Pittsburg has gone through. This is by far the best place in PA for a good lesson on the local history and culture. At least once a year every citizen of the state should take this tour and learn where everything came from. This is for anyone who enjoys nature, learning, and day away from the television. We believe in a certain way of life and this tour is filled stories and insights that make that life very special. The guide was very happy to answer all my questions and it was interesting to see how steel was made. it was so nice to meet all the new curious people on the tour as well.
4	I had my eye on these tours for a long time, and finally we were lucky enough to be in town for the "Voices of Carrie Furnaces" guided tour of the Homestead Iron Works, which I believe only happens one day each month during the warm half of the year. This is absolutely a treat for anyone with roots here or a fascination with industry and manufacturing.The highlights: Most tours are guided by former steelworkers and people with a first-hand involvement in the steel industry. You get a great overview of the plant, which was the center of life for this community and the lifeblood of the region for more than a century. Our tour placed a heavy emphasis on the engineering and technology of steelmaking, so if that's your thing, it's Christmas. And it's a minor miracle that these two blast furnaces have been preserved.I would suggest that they augment the tours with photos or videos that might help bring these hulking structures to life a bit more, and maybe insert some specific stories about immigrants and working families, union battles, and other colorful bits about Homestead. Sure, a windfall of donor support and a visitor center would go a long way to improving things on that score, but a little shift in emphasis could be done on a budget.Either way, Rivers of Steel is hugely important for preserving the region's steel heritage, and their efforts to extend that support to the community are vital.
