4	One thing you will notice first off is that this store is ORGANIZED. I mean, wow! I have never seen so much baby stuff ever in one place. This store is great. It carries the regular Gerber, Playtex etc stuff but it also carries the off the beaten path stuff such as Plantoys and others. We were promptly approached by a gentleman as soon as we entered the store and he quickly showed us where the things we needed were. Was very courteous. They also carry a better selection of baby strollers etc. Some are quite pricey. One thing I did notice, they are not cheap. Even milk bottles were a few dollars more than if you were to buy them at another store. I am not sure if they do any coupons etc like Babies R Us but it would be worth it to check it out. We were in and out of that store pretty quickly which is greatly appreciated when you have a monster toddler in tow. lolz.This store is located on the east side of 101 on Chandler Blvd. The parking situation is better than it is at Babies R Us at Ray Road.
5	As someone with no children, I haven't been in many baby stores.  A friend was registered here, so I headed in to get her some gifts.  It was easy to find the registry and someone was right there to print it out for me.  The store is clearly organized, and seems to offer something for all price points.  I was able to find most of what I was looking for, and then had someone quickly help me find everything else.What took this experience over the top was the fact that they have FREE GIFT WRAPPING!  Sure, you have to do it yourself, but still!  There are two tables with supplies like boxes, tissue paper, scissors, etc.  LOVE THAT!  I think I may have to return when I have that bun in the oven myself!
5	I've found my new baby store! Sorry BabiesRUs, Buy Buy Baby is just a better shopping experience, plus it's closer to me to boot! The store is extremely clean and organized. They have a larger selection of everything! And the rooms in which to feed and change your child are so much more cleaner and, sorry, they smell better. It's not more expensive than BRU, but it feels more upscale for sure.I also felt that the staff was far more knowledgeable about the product. The employee that helped me with my stroller purchase went through and showed me how every single stroller I was interested in worked and talked about all the features on each one. I was wondering if they had some stroller school or something! And there was 2 salespeople for every section. Every time I turned around someone was there to help me out or ask me if I was finding everything okay.Then after I was done, without me even asking, an employee was carrying out my purchase to the car since I had my four year old and my 6 month old with me. It was just a great experience overall and I was very please. Pregnant moms...register here!And yes they offer coupons and they also take competitors coupons! AND they accept coupons from Bed Bath & Beyond, so if you get those 20% off coupons that BBB sends, you can use them at Buy Buy Baby!
5	First off....I am not pregnant nor do I own a child of my own. However my friends keep spitting out babies like there is no tomorrow. So I have been averaging about a gazillion baby showers each month. OI. I have now gotten to the point that I almost cry tears of joy when a friend registers at Buy Buy Baby. It is seriously the most organized retail store EVER, well next to Bed Bath and Beyond (Which, they are owned by the same company, so the organization thing makes perfect sense) Usually when I go to a place like Babys R Us and get one of those registry forms printed out, it is a total cluster fluck. I never know where things are, its all over the place, I feel like I am participating in a blindfolded Easter egg hunt. but not at Buy Buy Baby. Holy heck. They print out the registry info and its all organized by each section and each aisle in each section, and guess what, the order in which the registry prints out is the same order in which the store is laid out! Easy peasy! Thank you buy buy baby for making my baby shopping experiences effortless! Oh and they take the 20% off coupons from Bed Bath and Beyond as well! Double Score!
4	I really like this store, owned  by Bed, Bath& Beyond. They are very friendly, helpful and have many of the same things as Babies R Us, maybe more.  Fairly priced as their competitors but their level of customer service is much higher than their rivals.
4	Soooo much better than Babies-r-us. Bigger selection, more variety and great customer service.  Really wish we had one in San Diego.
4	Drove down from Goodyear with my parents because Babies R Us didn't have a whole lot of strollers...this store is organized beautifully. It is owned by the same company as Bed, Bath, and Beyond. You can tell. They not only have a much bigger selection, but they have higher quality brands as well. My dad got a little too excited, he was running around looking at more stuff then I was. First-time grandpa moment :) I didn't notice if the pricing is more, less, or about the same as babies r us. It was well worth the drive though and I wish I registered here instead of Babies R Us.
5	Thank-you Buybuy Baby, for having a well-educated staff, a great selection of baby gear and, a quiet, comfortable room that mothers can nurse in.  True story... one day, my little guy was unusually fussy and I was getting a little stressed out because I was out, trying to run some much needed errands.  I was still shy on the idea of nursing in public but in my frazzled, stressed state, I somehow realized that I was close to this Buybuy Baby and hoped they would have a private area to nurse in.  They did!  They have a room set-up for a mother's comfort. The lowered lights and comfortable chairs really helped me de-stress and get back to a good day.  Thank-you so much!  I'm glad that I often use you as my go-to baby supply store!See ya there!
5	An organized & clean store, a well educated & nice staff, a great selection of baby/kid products! I will never go to a babies r us again. Thank you Chandler buybuybaby!
4	Yeah, its the baby superstore.  Think Bed Bath & Beyond, but strictly for babies.  Everything is compartmentalized into its own section.  Super cute with a huge selection.  And if you're a fan of Annie's Cheddar or Whole Wheat Bunnies, come here to get the Annie's Cinnamon Graham Bunnies.  Simply delightful!
5	Customer Service is unreal, as in outta this world friendly.Thank you for helping us every time we go in there.
5	This place is pretty awesome. They go above and beyond every time. I think they are better than their parent company, bed bath and beyond.
5	Great selection of baby items, some great selection of high end items
5	Great service as always. They have everything you need AND using the 20% coupon usually makes them the cheapest!
4	I avoided this store for years because of the weird name, but with a newborn, you constantly need more "stuff" so being in the area, I stopped in here and was pleasantly surprised.  It's similar to Babies R Us which is where I normally go but I have to say, I think they have an even better selection here. Not only that, one of the very nice employees gave me a refresher course on my Bugaboo which I hadn't used in years and was like kryptonite to Superman when I tried to use it. So nice and such a big selection, I'll definitely be back.
5	My husband and I are expecting our first child so the world of "baby" is totally new to us. We were looking around and pretty overwhelmed in the crib section when Andrew found us. He gave us the 101 on cribs and then helped us narrow down some possible strollers as well. He was extremely knowledgeable, helpful and nice. He showed us a wide range of items, but all were very price conscious. We will be going back we when are ready to tackle some more items on our list. We left feeling like we had learned a lot and had a much better idea of what we will need to be getting for our little baby to be.Thanks Andrew!!!!
4	Buy Buy Baby takes Bed Bath & Beyond coupons which I think is great.  Sign up on their mailing list to get another 20% off one item coupon.  We used ours for our car seat.The selection here is excellent.  They had a lot of things I couldn't find in other stores that I saw online, but wanted to check out in person.The staff is actually a lot more helpful here then at other local baby stores I have gone too.  They have lots of displays too so you can try on baby carriers and play with the car seats and strollers.  It is really crowded though unfortunately, especially on the weekends.  I also don't think the nursery furniture and bedding is as good quality here.
5	This store is amazing!!! Employees are always helpful and knowledgeable in whatever is needed. This is the only store that I know of that carries the honest company products, the honest company diapers are amazing and it's amazing that instead of having to wait to get a shipment via mail I can just walk in and get them at this store:) love this store, they have everything that you need ( and what you don't need lol) for your child! And the baby clothes are adorable!:)
5	Went in to look at strollers. Customer service is great! Terry(I hope thats how you spell her name) was very patient and very helpful! Thank you Terry! We ended up buying a stroller and Im in love with it:)
