4	I'm still amazed that, yes indeed-y, the cost of living in Phoenix is cheaper than the San Francisco Bay Area.    I was amazed to find Airport parking for $10 a day, even cheaper with a coupon found on the internets. Of course, the lot is amidst all the crazy construction near the airport, so I had to navigate the closed streets to find the place.  Service was friendly enough for bored workers--the bus driver kindly waited for me to park my car and get on board...because there weren't any other passengers.  It was a quick ride to my terminal.My return to PHX went well also.  Only had to wait a couple minutes to spot the shuttle bus. My car was fine; just a little dusty, which was to be expected.  The cashier had trouble processing my coupon--not her problem, but the darn computer was acting up.  Manager soon arrived--and he comped my whole stay.   "Sorry for the delay, sir, (it was only a couple minutes!)"  Free parking is always good parking, Daddy used to say.Overall, I was impressed by their customer service.  Perhaps its just because they are new, but I hope not.  I'll use 'em again!
4	I have used the Parking Spot at a few different airports, and will admit that my initial decision was based entirely on the cute yellow & black polka-dotted buses.  That was quite a few trips ago, and those dotty buses still have me hooked.The Parking Spot in Phoenix is the best I have experienced.  Very convenient and I have always been able to find a coupon either online or in one of those mail packets that discount the already reasonable $10/day for covered parking.ARRIVAL:After taking a ticket at the kiosk, signs indicate the row of spaces to use on that particular day.  Each time a shuttle bus has pulled up right behind me as I am parking, and I am given a card with my space number so it will be easy to locate my vehicle upon returning.  While this may not be unusual, I am used to the large parking lots at LAX where you park waaaayyy out in BFE and then hoof it to a central pickup point.  So, I feel like I am getting super special service (even if I am not - don't tell me!)DEPARTURE:The easy to see dotty buses circle the airport frequently so I have never needed to wait very long for a ride back to the lot.  Armed with the space number card I received on arrival, the driver deposits me right at my car (again, I am not used to this!).  Check-out is very fast and the complimentary cool water is always greatly appreciated.Save me a spot on the dotty bus - I will be back!
5	I find the Parking Spot to be one of the easiest, fastest, most convenient ways to take care of your ride to the airport and get a ride home when you get back into town. There's free USA Todays! And FREE BOTTLES OF WATER! Also, there's a 20% off coupon usually on their website and in the Skymall catalog on the plane, so be sure to grab one or the other.
4	I have used The Parking Spot twice now, and am a registered card carrying member...lol. I have coworkers who use one of the other economy places across the street, but they don't get covered parking and I don't remember them being offered a complimentary news paper on entry and nice cool water when leaving. I get a government discount with ID and you can usually find a coupon online. Not to mention the prompt pick up. They are behind my vehicle ready for me and my luggage even before I am out of my car. There have been times when we wait for a few more people before we go to the airport, but never more than 10 or so min. I love not having to weave my way through the airport construction or get lost or delayed trying to park at the airport. When getting picked up the most I have had to wait was about 20 min. And as I was about ready to call, they showed up. Don't loose your ticket. I have seen others who have and it makes it really tough. You can pretty much expect to be the drivers last drop off, unless you remember where it is or see your car as others are getting dropped off. The entrance is just W. of 40th St. and can only be accessed when heading W. bound on Washington due to the light rail. But the website has some good directions as well.
5	I don't park anywhere else! Well, unless picking up incoming guests or something... :) Seriously Parking Spot rocks! They are always friendly, quick to shuttle me to Terminal 4, quick to shuttle me back after I arrive, there's always discounts you can find.... covered parking, free water when I'm leaving.... love them!And... you can even join their Frequent Parker club to earn points for Free Parking! Duh...  if you're a frequent business traveler, why wouldn't you do that?? Duh....They just flat-out earn my dollar (and my company's dollar) everytime I need to park at PHX. Thanks Parking Spot!
5	This place is awesome!*Covered Parking*Free newspaper if you arrive early (M-F)*The "spotted bus" picks you up in front of your car.  I've never had to wait! *The buses are super clean and even have seatbelts in the back for young children.  *They continuously run to the airport. I've never had to call from the airport or wait longer than 5 minutes. *The van drops you back off in front of your carAND*cold complimentary bottled water when you leave is a great touch.  Great prices and a good "reward" program to earn free parkingI LOVE THIS PLACE!
4	Parking here ended up being cheaper than taking a van or taxi, and it involved very little effort on our part getting to and from the terminal. The staff was very friendly and courteous.
4	I had almost never trusted off-property parking businesses after a few bad experiences with the logistics in the past.  However, The Parking Spot proved to be a great option for our last trip.  I'm pretty sure they got us to terminal 4 much faster than the airport's own shuttles.Two important notes about pricing:1. Always get a coupon, as I've learned you can almost always find one.2. They charge a flat daily rate, so do the math to see if you're better off with daily + hourly somewhere else or just going with the flat daily rate.
4	Great place to park at for Sky Harbor airport. I've never had to wait very long for a shuttle, even after hours close to midnight. I trust this place, which I thought would be hard for me to say for a parking lot for the airport. You get free water upon exit, and an easily-identifiable shuttle - never go to the wrong lot! Decent prices, and you can always print a coupon online before you check out. I've always had polite shuttle drivers and attendants. It's a great place, I highly recommend it!
4	This place is AWESOME! So much better, (AND CHEAPER) than the economy parking at Sky Harbor. Did I mention much more secure, clean, and it is all COVERED parking! If you get the coupon mailer it comes out to about $7/day. You also get a pretty good discount when you make a reservation online. When you pull up to the parking spot, they offer you a free newspaper and direct you what lane to turn into to park. There is a nice mini shuttle that is already there and waiting by the time you pull in to help you with your luggage as well. After a quick 5-10 minute ride, he drops you off right in front of your terminal! The shuttle bus is very nice and very clean. the drivers are also very helpful and in good spirits. He gives you a card that tells you where your car is in case you forget. You don't wait as long when you get back either. You can even call ahead to make sure that a shuttle is there for you when you are walking out. They drive you directly to your car. When paying, you also get a free bottle of water. Nice! Why didn't we do this before? -1 star only because it is a little farther out for us (But so worth it!). We are coming from the 101 N, so it overshoots the airport by a few minutes.
5	I love The Parking Spot. A secure place to park my car with covered parking. It costs $10 a day, sometimes it costs $7.50 or $8.00 a day depending on the coupon you use. You can get coupons on-line or in the magazines in front of you on the airplane.I love the convenience of charging my credit card via my Parking Spot card which also keeps track of my points to earn free parking. The buses are always operating and you don't have to wait long to get picked up. This is definitely a bonus when it's 110 degrees outside. You can always call the office when you arrive and they will specifically call the drivers and let you know that you are waiting for a pickup.You get picked-up and dropped-off right in front of your car.
5	I am a giant fan of this place and their service. You pull in and they tell you where to park, they pick you up right there at your covered car and take you to your terminal, always helping you with your bags. I always feel like my car is safe there. When I arrive back in Phoenix it is always easy to find the pick up spot and most of the time a bus arrives as I do. You get dropped off at your car, pay and they give you a bottle of water. And trust me I always need a bottle of water after a flight. Use a coupon that you can find online, almost always prints with my boarding pass, or with a coupon mailer book, to feel even better about the experience.
2	I use Parking Spot everytime I go to the airport - I used to use them all the time when I lived in Atlanta and was glad to see them here in Phoenix, but I may have to change. At nearly $11 per day now they are one if the most expensive, yet always one of the slowest. I typically see 3 buses of everyone else roll by before a parking spot bus moseys along. Each time I've had to call to see if a bus was en route. Not efficient for the price.
5	On a recent short trip to Hawaii, I left my car at Fast Track (Now The Parking Spot) for about 5 days.  It is as close to the airport as you can get without being on-property.  The rates were cheap and I had a 25% off coupon which came in the weekly mailing sent to my house.  There was also a coupon on the boarding pass which was printed at home prior to departure.  You car is parked in an outside facility, the only downside to the whole thing actually and you are whisked away in the jitney within a few seconds of getting out of the car. WOW! When we came back, we rang the lot to let them know we were here, and they told me exactly where to meet the shuttle curbside.  They arrived in less then 5 minutes!!  Once back at the lot and in the car, I was unable to locate my parking ticket.  The cashier was kind enough to take my flight itinerary as proof of when we arrived and charged me accordingly.  How nice!!  She even game me two bottles of water for the ride home!!  This is a convenient, secure place to leave your vehicle for the short or long haul.  I highly recommend it!!
5	Great place to leave your car parked while traveling! They take you to the airport and are very prompt and fast. Also if you call when you get off the plane they will make sure they send someone right over to pick you up to take you back after you get your bags! WAYYY cheaper than parking at the airport and you can always find a coupon!
4	More expensive than some of the other nearby locations ($5 military lot next door) The shuttle was nice and quick shuttle despite odd hours of the night. Nice enough, they also accepted competitor coupons when the lot with the deal was full. The boyfriend and I had a great experience and prompt service at all hours of the night. It also seems more secure. Loved it!
5	There's always good covered parking here and if you become a rewards member and are a frequent traveler- you can redeem points for free parking.  Plus- you gotta love that you can always snag a free bottle of water on the way out.  I highly recommend that you go to their website before you check out though- they always have a 20% coupon available online.
3	I thought I did a review for the parking spot? Hmm... Well they are a little expensive so make sure you have coupon to help with the sticker shock when you leave after being parked for a week. But hey, at least it is covered parking at this location so you cannot complain to much. They will give you a new paper upon entering if you want it and cold water when you leave. Although the bus service is awesome when you arrive and you get to the airport within about 10 mins of you parking your car, when you are leaving the airport is another story. But it is not all bad, it just takes a bit longer as you must wait to make sure you get on the right bus since there are a few locations. All in all, not bad and I will continue to use them, provided I have coupons! lol
5	I like this place, covered parking, detail service on site clean airconditioned shuttle, Free water. Great deal.
5	When I go out of town, I love parking here at the parking spot!  They are less expensive than anywhere else around and all of their spots are covered. You have to have that here in Phoenix. You always get a bottle of water on the way out and they always offer coupons on their website. Just be sure you print it off because they can't take it off of your phone.
4	Quick & painless. Regular shuttle service. Free water/newspaper. Friendly enough drivers. Clean/covered parking (except for dust storms but that's not their fault). Corp discounts. Online coupons which make it less than $10/day for covered parking. Can't go wrong with this option. On the funnier side of things, there was a really old guy driving my fiance and I from the lot to the port one time, and as Sky Harbor likes to constantly be under construction there were tons of traffic cones that this guy had to maneuver. Maybe he misunderstood the objective of the cones, but if he thought he was getting extra points for each cone run over this guy would have beaten the game!! Provided lots of laughs for us the entire trip and nobody was harmed in the process. PS - just pay attention because there is "The Parking Spot" and "The Parking Spot 2" which are different locations. Don't just hop on a shuttle because it's got spots and you're jet lagged. Focus people, focus!!
4	Most of the parking here is completely covered with exception of a few rows that will get the afternoon sun.  Of course the only spots we could find were one of those rows.  Most of the other parking lots have no rows completely covered.  At The Parking Spot much of the covered areas will probly not even get the cars wet if it rained. The vans run very often. You do not have to wait very long at the airport. We would get impatient with waiting for vans when parking at other places and see 2, sometimes 3 parking spot vans go by.  Of course we did not know that they had 2 separate parking lots so 2 vans were going at once.Employees we encountered were friendly and very helpful. It is a very convenient place to park and I will park there again.  I just wish the spaces were a little wider.  Next time I will look harder for one of the fully covered spots.
5	cool place drop your car off take there shuttle over to the airport, or just walk out and jump on the light rail. sometimes I use it just so I do not have one of those "Dude where is my car mornings"  or if you want to hide your ride from a crazy ex or the repossession man.
3	Parking is great!  Covered, quick pick up and return.  I use it whenever I fly out of PHX.However, I recently added a detail for my car.  Left the car there 5 days.  Car was not detailed when I returned.  Excuse: they were landscaping.  What garbage.  Parking, yes.  Detailing, nope...will go elsewhere.
3	Great covered parking, but looonnng wait for shuttle back to the lot from the airport if you arrive on Sunday evening. We watched 5 shuttles for parking spot 2 come and go before our bus arrived. Long enough to reevaluate where we park on our next trip.
2	Very disappointed to pay for covered parking and end up with large amounts of bird poop on the roof, windshield and one side of my car. The attendant refused to discount the bill. Will be parking elsewhere next time.
4	I have used The Parking Spot for about 8 years now in both Los Angeles and Phoenix areas. They are a little spendier, but not so bad once you join their "club" and utilize coupons in airline magazines.I always feel secure parking my car here and courtesy shuttle vans are on top of their game.Love that they have complementary water and newspapers for their clients! Also love that you can't miss their bright yellow and black spotted vans to hail down when you're dog-tired from your flights. Great job!
5	I don't write many updated reviews but I believe The Parking Spot deserves some Yelp love. I've been using this place for about 4 years and the service is consistently superior. There's covered parking so your car is not baking in the sun so you're less likely to come back with an unbearably hot interior. You get a USA TODAY paper when you enter the facility and a bottled water for each occupant of your car when you leave the facility. That water really hits "The Spot" after being subjected to the heat when you're coming back from a temperate climate. You can sign up for thespotclub which you can link your credit card for payment and keep track of the points you use which can be redeemed for free parking. In fact, I called the customer service people at their corporate headquarters because I changed my email address and couldn't get into the site online. For some reason my points were gone too. But they restored my 2,000 plus points within minutes. I guess they thought I was inactive since I hadn't been on the website in years.All the shuttle drivers are friendly and take care of your luggage (commercial here, Please tip your drivers). They give you a card to remind you which parking space you parked at such as I211. They respond quickly at the terminal when you call and say you are ready for pick up. I usually fly out of terminal 3 so they pick you up at door number 5 on the North side. The vans are air conditioned, what more do you need.Also, the people that are at the booths are excellent as well. When you call, they know how to answer your question properly. They direct you where to park and take care of your payments at the booth. The Parking spot advertises in the magazines in front of you on your airplane. So you can usually find a coupon for 20% off. I believe a 24 hour stay is $10.95 without coupon. Also, you can get three hours of parking by showing your AAA Card. So if you want to meet people inside the terminal and don't want to pay for airport parking this is what you do. And if you decide to park for more than 3 hours you can use your AAA Card for a 10% discount. They have another service where they'll wash your car by the time you get back. There's a Parking Spot 1 and a Parking Spot 2. This review is for Parking Spot 1 on Washington street.
5	Car Care is a great idea for while your car is just sitting there. I've used it twice and the results were great for the price.Last night I had a dead battery.  My shuttle driver dropped off everyone else and came back with a battery charger.  When that didn't work, he went and got his own car.  When that didn't work, he went and got a shuttle van.  Thank goodness he was there to help and so very nice!  What would I have done if I had parked in East Economy?
2	I like The Parking Spot, as I have been a customer for 5 years. But the last two times I was away for a week and left my car, I returned from my trip to find damage/dents on my car sides. I suppose this can't be controlled by The Parking Spot, but if anything these comments are for the customers. People should be careful when unloading their luggage from their cars, and show some respect for their neighbors property. There is no excuse for denting someone's car, it's clearly carelessness and lack of concern for others' property. Really disappointing to discover there are these types of people regularly using The Parking Spot and costing others repair work.
5	Shortly after I expressed my discontent for the dents that customers put in my car while parked at The Parking Spot, the corporate office contacted me. They were appreciative of the feedback, plus they showed concern and I was very impressed with the customer service response. Thank you I will continue to be a customer of The Parking Spot.
4	Great facility.  Completely covered parking.  They provide a free newspaper early int he morning and ice cold water upon leaving.  The only thing that would make this facility better would be if they offerred frequent flyer miles as at least one of their major competitors provides.
