1	Stay away!  Many billing issues - front office is not customer helpful.  You must keep track of your own balances and insurance.  They will not help.  I was even billed for services they never did, but even with copies of my walk out statements as proof, they state they can bill per the estimates and do not have to prove they did the work via the walk out statements.
5	Dr. Kang takes a keen interest in all his work and in his patients. Office is friendly and clean with superb equipment. Great location near old town Scottsdale.
5	I have been going to Dr. Kang for a number of years now. Not only has Dr. Kang been extremely nice/helpful, his staff is always there to greet me with a smile.  Whether I am going in for a routine cleaning or something a bit more intensive, I have never had a bad experience.  And, getting to choose what movie or TV show you would like to watch while Dr. Kang and his staff are working on you is an added bonus. I have recommended many friends and co-workers to Dr. Kang and will gladly continue to do so.
5	I cannot say enough about Dr. Kang and his staff. I have had great experiences going to them, and would reccomend them highly. All my visits have been pleasurable and informative. By far the best in the area !
5	My 2 children and I have been seeing Dr. Kang for 5 years.  He is very honest and up front about the condition of your teeth and recommended treatments.  I initially called their office right before Christmas to use my healthcare benefits before they ran out at year end.  They were able to squeeze all 3 of us in and Dr. Kang worked through the holiday week between Christmas and New Years unlike some other dental offices.  I also felt that I may need a root canal but Dr. Kang advised me to wait and hold off as it seemed that the problem was more related to receding gums and he was right.  The sensitivity subsided and I was able to save my tooth and my money!  The office is state of the art with the latest full cranial X-ray machine, a scope of actual pics of your teeth and the best part (according to my kids) is that you can watch movies while you get treated.  My kids actually LOVE going to the dentist...how many kids can say that?  Dr. Kang & his staff are awesome!
5	The entire office was very professional and friendly.  I was promptly seated and introduced to all the staff members.  With a history of traumatic experiences with other dental offices, Dr. Kang made me very comfortable and at ease.  Overall, I was very pleased with my first visit at Pure Dental and I would highly recommend them to all my friends & family.
5	I was very pleased with my first visit.  The staff was very welcoming and friendly. Dr. Kang was extremely professional and very knowledgeable with a good sense of humor.  I highly recommend this practice!
5	I started going to Pure Dental three years ago and I have been very pleased with his service.   Dr. Kang's exams are very thorough and the staff is extremely friendly.  The customer service I have received in the past three years has been great and I would recommend Dr. Kang to anyone looking for an honest and experienced dentist.
5	I have been going to Dr. Kang for about two years now. He is very accommodating with my schedule, cares about the quality of his work and his patients. I have had a root canal and multiple fillings done since going there. He recommended going every three months for a cleaning and I try to stick to it because I trust his opinion. Looking for a new Dentist? I wouldn't go anywhere else! (Just had a cleaning tonight at 5PM and I was far from his last appointment. Just to give you an idea how flexible his hours are.)
