5	FABULOUS!  OUTSTANDING SERVICE!  BEAUTIFUL WORK!My house is so snug and secure now!This is the best service experience I have ever had in Vegas and I have hired scores of workers over the last 15 years.  If you need a door repaired or a new door, this is the guy to call!  I had a problem with two doors in my home that were sagging and not latching properly.  Roger and his assistant Vinny came to the rescue with quality craftsmanship, serious expertise, go-getter attitude, reasonable prices, and a lifetime guarantee.  I checked them out, and they are licensed and in good standing with the Nevada State Contractor's Board.  PROMPT!  Appointment was at 8am - they showed up at 7:58 am.  I am thoroughly impressed.  It was an absolute pleasure to spend the day with Roger and Vinny.  They are fun and courteous and they care very much about the work they do.  THANK YOU DOOR KING!   I am THRILLED!
1	This is one of the worst services I have ever had, PERIOD.I had these guys come and fix the front door of my restaurant for $500. I was told there was a warranty.Within a half year, the door broke again on the first windy day since the repair. When inquiring about the warranty, they told me parts were free, but labor would be around $500 again. Furthermore, instead of taking responsibility, they had the gall to now tell me that our door shouldn't open outwards, and that we should just keep it open all the time on windy days and wait until it is no longer windy before closing it.  Right... after 11 years in business, it was just PURE LUCK that the door never broke. And when it finally did, their "repair" lasted less than half a year.  This is absurd, and borderline FRAUD. Never ever use their services, unless you want to donate to a shady business.
4	Prior to the sale of our home in Mountains Edge, we needed to do a few repairs, including the garage door.  I contacted the Door Guru, Roger Weiner, at Door King.  They came to my house on time, presented a reasonable written estimate and completed the work timely.  Might have been slightly on the high side on price but then again, I generally say that about anybody I need to hire to work on my house or car.I would use again.
