5	Pure Liquid Skin Studio is THE BEST place to go in Vegas for waxing. Maria is fabulous - has a ton of experience (more than ten years in Vegas alone) and a great bedside manner. Most importantly, she's super fast and thorough.The space is nice - quaint and well-decorated without all of the fancy spa-like whatever that NO ONE needs for waxing. I've never had any other services here but could not recommend a better place for waxing...
5	If I could give this place 6 stars I would!  I just got a waxing done here, and Maria was fabulous! She was quick, and very friendly.  I couldn't have asked for more.  She was very efficient, and thorough!  I would highly recommend her!  I couldn't be happier with my waxing!
5	I cant remember the girl who did my wax, I'm sorry, but she was wonderful...Very pleasant and made you feel very comfortable...I'm not gonna wirte a long drawn out story...All I have to say is, if you're in Vegas and need a wax, this is the place to go...From the moment you step in there is aromatherapy candles burning and this place is super clean...WOW..I'm totally impressed
5	Thanks to you  helpful yelpers, just went here yesterday. The place was suppose to close at 5, but Gloria stayed to wax me. Had upper lip and sides for $20, which is what I use to pay in OC. She was very professional, quick and really nice. The place is really calming. Its in a business block, but wasnt too hard to find. Overall, I think I just found my new waxer. Woohoo
5	After living in Vegas for a year, I finally found a great place to get my eyebrows waxed!  Glad was great, and managed to get me in within 1/2 hour of when I called.
5	I went here after reading great reviews and they were so right! Maria got me in same day and did the best job on my eyebrows anyone has ever done. The salon us very charming and relaxing. She takes her time and really does a great job and makes sure you like it. Today wad my first time there and even though I only got my eyebrows done I will definitely be back for her other services. Bottom line: price is great, service is amazing. Go here for your waxing needs!!
5	Came in from Los Angeles and HAD to get my brows done because the wolfwoman jackie thing is sooo unsexy.  Got on Yelp to look for a spot. Called and spoke to Maria who was great on the phone.  She didn't have availability but I'm so glad that Glad had time for me.  Yes Glad is the angel's name that helped me feel a bit more like myself.  She did an excellent job on my brows and is a great conversationalist to boot.  :o)  Loved the place, the ladies, and the service! Most def will be my go to spot in Vegas.
5	Maria is just as amazing as everyone says...so glad I found her through Yelp!  Thanks Maria and thanks Yelp - I'll be back in four weeks!  :)
5	I just moved here from Canada, and was missing my massage therapist. I decided to try this place for a massage. ( I had my arms waxed once when I was here to visit). Hands down the best massage I have ever had. I've been looking for a great place for my husband to go and will be spending him here. It was definitely worth every penny. Thanks Glad, and you'll be seeing me very often!!
2	My eyebrow wax experience here wasn't the best. When I called to make the appointment, she made it seem like she was doing me a favor or I was causing her an issue asking for an afternoon appointment. She was pretty abrupt (borderline rude) on the phone and not friendly. When I got there, they were running behind schedule but she managed to squeeze me in so my appointment was conducted right on time (which was much appreciated). She was great at the waxing but left a burn on one eyebrow. I have never had a burn before from waxing so I'm not sure what the deal was here but given the whole experience, I don't think I'll be back.
5	Love Maria! I found Pure Liquid on Yelp when I moved to Henderson. So happy my daughter and I found her. It's a lovely place and she is the best!!
5	There is not  a better place for a wax! I've been going to Maria for Brazilians for quite a few years now and she is amazing. My waxes have never taken more than 10 minutes, which is a godsend. She has the ability to put you at ease and the treatment feels like no big deal at all. The prices cannot be beat. I simply don't trust anyone else to do as quick and fabulous a job! Seriously, go to her!
5	Fast, honest, good prices, nice environment
5	Maria is such a sweetheart, and she loves to talk.. Like me!I love getting facials done by her, she does a fantastic job. I've also had eyebrow waxes done by her, they've always been painless and come out even and great looking. ( I get nervous about people giving me a weird shape, taking too much hair off, or making them uneven-Maria knows her stuff)She is extremely knowledgable on what she does, she has given me great recommendations on how to improve my skin ( it was super dry when I moved out here) she recommends and sells great phytomer products as well, tells me products I should use and not use because I have sensitive skin.I've been going for 6 months, my skin has definitely improved.The atmosphere is nice and cozy and the prices are fairly decent if not slightly better to other salons as well.I'd keep going if it wasn't for the fact that I live 50 minutes away from her studio now. :-(
2	This makes me so sad to write! But I have to come clean. I've stopped coming here for my Brazilians. The waxes kept leaving a lot to be desired. Actually, I desired a lot less...hair. I noticed more and more hair being left on the "front", plus I had a lot of ingrowns (I thought it was just my skin/hair, but after being waxed elsewhere, it's all cleared up). Even more disappointing was that the "back" was ignored. While unpleasant to acknowledge, that's a big part of what makes a Brazilian a Brazilian! When it was simply not done for a few appointments in a row, I couldn't overlook it. Maybe there was a policy change, a change in her description of the service or a problem with my nether-regions, but I wasn't told about it, so the sudden absence was off-putting.
5	Maria is the most professional skin care specialist I have encountered in the Las Vegas area. I have been using Maria for over five years now and don't plan on changing!
