5	So while I did not get all of my tattoos at Lady Luck, they were all done by the owner Heather.  She is awesome.  She knows what she is doing.  Bring in art work, pick something from one of the many books on site, or ask her to draw something.You know a good artist has standards.  heather isn't the type of artist that will tattoo "your mom" on some drunk frat guy's ass.  She won't give you your first tat on your neck or hands if you are some 18 year old that hasn't considered what that will mean professionally.  She also doesn't charge for touch ups.  Those are things to look for in an artist.Now I have not had the pleasure of getting inked by her other artists, but if she hired them, then she trusts them and I would too.So if you are unsure about your first, want to cover up some old flames name, or just want someone new, give them a call..  Check out the site..  Look at the work and get some ink!
5	So, my cousin and I decided to get tattoos in memory of our kick ass Aunt Leslie.  My cousin is from Michigan and I am from Napa, Ca.  We were here for a short time.  We found Lucky Lady Tattoo and immediately knew this is the place we should go because of the women artists.  We called and Marge set our appointment for the next day, the last day we were both going to be in Phoenix.  When we walked in the shop we were instantly calmed by the decor, very laid back.  Marge proceeded with much care and caution.  While I knew exactly what I wanted, my cousin needed a little time to decide.  Marge listened, sketched, colored, edited with sooo much patience! Marge's work was quick and beautiful! By the time we left, not only did we have exactly the art work we wanted, but we felt like we gained a friend! Thank you so much Marge!
5	For the past decade, I've wanted a tattoo. The only problem was, everything I thought of, I didn't think I'd want years down the road. I love accessories, but I'm pretty picky about anything permanent. Last year, I finally decided, and had a friend draw up some sketches around my idea. The result was something I couldn't *not* get inked. And when I started asking around, everyone pointed me to Heather at Lady Luck. Heather has a quaint little shop in Braggs Pie Factory. Heather has a pink glittery art piece of a unicorn. I was in love with it. She was in love with my tattoo. It was a match made in heaven. I worked with Heather for about 4 months before the big day. I showed her my sketch. We discussed the procedure and prices. I had the sketch stenciled on me in at least two different places so I could try out places before the day came. I called her. I emailed her. I asked her a million paranoid questions. I was sure she'd be annoyed with me by the time the day came. I went in, and Heather had a TV set up for while I was there and a stand that I could easily set my water and phone on. I brought a few movies of my own and my ipod, but I didn't even use them. We ended up watching one of her movie and laughing and talking about it the whole time. She finished the piece in nearly no time at all, which pretty much takes up the front part of the top of my left arm, but is only in black and white in a little over an hour. And only the bottom of Dot's dress hurt, and even that pain was tolerable. I was surprised. I had completely planned on freaking out and ending up with a toe or something and that's it. Instead, I walked out with the most gorgeous thing I could imagine, an appointment for a tiny touch up a few months later, and great instructions on how to care for it. And still I called a few more times, unsure if what I was experiencing was normal. And no one yelled at me or became annoyed (at least to my face). And the touchup was free. Here I am about 8 months later, with a tattoo that to this day, gets way too much attention. But hey, that's part of the reason you get one right? Everyone loves Dot. And I love telling the story of how quick and painless it was and referring everyone that wants a great inking experience to head to Heather. I'm not sure I could ever pick a better piece than Dot, but if I decide to get a second, this is where I'll head.
5	I got my tattoo done at Lady Luck back at the end of November, and I can't believe I've forgotten to sing their praises until now!My husband surprised me with an appointment for my birthday and they got pretty booked in December, so I had my appointment a couple weeks before my actual birthday.The location is right off the street in Downtown Phoenix right off of the street, so you will most likely park right outside the door. I'm not sure if there was parking at the back of the building. We came at night, so we didn't have to worry about troublesome parallel parking, just pulled right up.As we went in our artist, Heather, was finishing up with a customer right before us. I think we waited about 15-20 minutes. Not a big deal since we brought dinner, and understood that appointment times can be approx. since you never know what could consume your time completing a design.Heather already had my design and ready to sketch onto my body. She was very careful about placement, even had me check in the mirror to make sure that I was comfortable with what was going to be showing. She was so sterile! (in the best way). My husband even commented that it was the cleanest shop he had been into and that she was so clean and careful with all of her instuments/tools. And for our convenience she had places to put your phone and a TV in case you wanted to put in a movie. We didn't need it since the three of us were so chatty. Heather has such a great sense of humor and her conversation definitely distracted me from any pain I was experiencing. My 4x4" tattoo was done in a manner of a simple 45 minutes and the price was lower than we estimated. That's always a great surprise! We were also told that a touch up was free.Heather was fantastic and I will only be getting my tattoos from her, she's never allowed to move! My tat is gorgeous and have gotten several compliments on how precise it looks.
5	Heather is absolutely amazing! She is kind, endlessly interesting, and an absolutely amazing artist. Heather has a wealth of knowledge and experience, so you cannot go wrong seeing her for your tattoos. And, come on. She has a billion movies to watch, so if you're like me and need something other than deep breathing to keep your mind off the pain, Heather is the artist for you! I'd also like to say that, in addition to the beautiful start or an amazing tattoo, I feel like I have a new friend. Aw! Cheesy! Heather rules.
5	Easily the best tattoo shop I have ever been to. I loved the atmosphere of the shop. Came into town to visit some family and the staff was incredibly nice and able to fit both my sister and I into their schedule. Julie is simply amazing. She was very friendly and did an outstanding job on my piece. The tattoo was above and beyond my expectation. I definitely recommend coming here and will absolutely go back when in town again.
5	Miss Julie has done a couple of my pieces, SHE IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!! My first piece done by Julie has tremendous meaning for me, it a memorial piece in honor of my Grandparents. She captured my idea and brought it to life. I LOVE IT!!!My second piece was done on Friday the 13th. My cute owl is one of my Favs!!!! I highly recommend Julie for your art!! She is a TRUE ARTIST!!!
5	You want some bad ass ink, ask for Julie. She's very light handed and really does a stunning job putting a permeant masterpiece on your skin. I have seen Julie for all of my ink and not once did I leave unsatisfied.  Shes a master at coloration. I still turn heads with the brilliant ink she has put on me. Nothing or no one is allowed to get near me with a tat gun unless it's Julie bird.
5	Julie has done two pieces for me. I live all the way in Tempe and fully intend to drive all the way back to see her. I get compliments all the time about my beloved pug tattoo and I could not love it as much as I do without Julie's help. She was able to finish it up in practically no time. Love, Love, Love Julie!Thanks again!!!!
5	Julie is the best! She has done one for myself as well as a few for my boyfriend. She is so flexible with time and has great ideas! I knew what I wanted on my foot but let her take the driver's seat and I LOVE it! My boyfriend also told Julie what he wanted on his arm and she took it to a whole different level and we both love it! I can't say enough great things! :) We will continue to go back!
5	Julie is the only artist I will ever go to for ink.  She did an AMAZING cover up for me last summer and since then we have started a sleeve and a beautiful piece on my thigh.  She is very professional, kind and her work is second to none.  She really listens to her clients and delivers better than what I've asked for.  My tattoos have all healed very nicely and the color is still vibrant.  I get compliments daily.  Julie has always over delivered on her word and I'll never go to another shop!
5	So upon the recommendation of two of my law school buddies, I went to Marge at Lady Luck Tattoo because I had promised myself another tattoo for graduating law school..... I had been carrying this picture around for two years and Marge did a fantastic job placing it on my left hip.... she also modified the colors to make it even better and I have received so many compliments about it.... then a few weeks later my husband who had never gotten a tattoo in his life decided he would place his right shoulder in her hands and get a bass clef put on by Marge.... well you know the story about ink..... you get one, then another and then.... well suffice to say the hubby and I shall be going to Marge for a few more before we leave this beautiful planet !!!
5	Marge has done 3 tattoos for myself and 2 for my husband! We absolutely love her and her talent is AMAZING! We both get compliments all the time about how beautiful they are! She goes out of her way for her customers. She worked on my husband's back into the morning hours. She loves what she does and that shows through her work!! We wouldn't go to anyone else!
5	I am working on my second tattoo from Marge at Lady Luck tattoo, this time it's a half-sleeve.  Marge is a remarkable artist, and a true master at flowers. I brought in my idea and a few pictures, and she worked to develop the tattoo with all my multiple flowers and shape it to my body.  Getting a tattoo, well, it's intimate. You develop a relationship with the artist.  I feel like I have a friend in Marge.  We laugh at the same things, and enjoy the same movies.  BTW, there are a ton of movies to watch at the shop, just pick one, lay down (or whatever) and off you go!
