1	Brew & Grow personnel are total hypocrates.They sell all kinds of products for growing pot but don't mention pot or you will get kicked out with all their disdain. Don't even mention "Arugula" which I guess is code for pot now.The employess are Illinois corporate servants. All male and all sexist pigs.The new store is so boring. Small and totally devoid of any personality.Leave it to the flatlanders to screw up a potentially great space.They are not very smart or creative.Go to Wine and Hop Shop and Paradigm for much better products and service.These guys have no idea what they are talking about.Trust me.Amy.
2	I was excited about this shop opening for months because it is walking distance from my house.  However, since its opening, I have gained a new found appreciation for the WIne and Hop Shop.  I mostly don't like that I can't pick out my own yeast and hops; they're all behind the counter.  I also don't particularly enjoy the personnel, who strike me as being a bit smarmy.
4	I found the staff to be engaging and friendly, unlike some of the other reviewers. They periodically asked if I needed help or had any questions, and were more than happy to give me advice about growing starters. They also carry Seed Savers heirloom seeds! If you are looking for potting soil they probably won't have it but they've got a pretty great selection of all the stuff you would need to do homebrewing (including wheats and malts by the pound in the bulk section). They also have cheesemaking kits and mushroom growing kits. The inside of the store does look a little industrial warehouse-y so that might be a little off-putting.
5	Great place. The staff is super helpful and the variety of home brewing equipment and ingredients is extensive. There are also a good amount of stuff for growing but what shines in the store is the home brew selection and the great service.
5	Decided to take a walk around my new neighborhood today with the roommates, and do a little window shopping to spend our Saturday afternoon and take advantage of the gorgeous weather. Stopped here cause our roommate was looking for a few things. As soon as you walk in both the men behind the counter greeted us with a warm "Welcome, how are you guys?" We really had no idea what we were looking for, but one of the men helped us out, and was very very informative, and very knowledgeable on what he was selling, which was very reassuring. If I ever need the type of supplies that they sell, I would definitely be going here, and know that what I'm getting is top notch and I wouldn't be taken advantage of because of my lack of knowledge on most of the things they have there.
