5	This place is a lunch wonderland of deliciousness and charm. We mistook it for a chain when walking by and almost kept going. But then I caught a glimpse of this man eating a giant bowl of chili. My frozen toes and icicle-covered eyelashes would not allow me to keep walking.As our extremities defrosted, our adorable waitress (with equally adorable french accent) brought us menus and two pints of beer. And then I found it. Three carne chili. The menu was in french so I wasn't quite sure what the "carnes" were exactly, it just sounded filling and hearty and warm.I cannot believe the best chili I've ever had was in Montreal! Pulled pork, beef and lamb stewed with the perfect amount of spice and kidney beans. They serve it with a side of little chucks of cheese, which you sprinkle on top and it slowly melts into the chili. I ate every last morsel and could not have been more satisfied.After lunch, we decided on  lattes, which you can order by the cup or by the bowl! We of course ordered bowls, which came with soy milk and were warm and well-made!Don't pass up this unassuming little corner cafe...it wil leave you wanting for nothing!
4	I'm always a fan of cute coffee shops, esp when they have free wifi. Cafeo definitely fits those two points. I'm new to Montreal, yet I've spent both Sundays working there since this place was highly recommended by my coworkers. The wait staff is great when you are sitting at the tables, how ever its a slightly different story when sitting at the bar during a Sunday afternoon. Their espresso is quite delicious as is their Cuban sandwich, and the Caesar salade avec poullet looks really good, I will try it next time. As a coffee and lunch brunch/lunch place, this place rocks. As a laptop work place, its decent, however the outlet situation can be a bit tight esp in peak study times (like Sunday afternoon).  Cafeo is charming with the European flair and definitely worth checking out when wandering around the plateau!
1	Closed. It's now Hachoir.
