5	So happy to have somewhere yummy to eat on Sundays! Pesto Prima is tucked into a little strip-mall off Roosevelt and Hayden that you probably can't see from the street, right next to my church, hence my excitement for good coffe/sandwhiches on a potentially weekly basis. It is cute and clean inside. Sunday morning the hubby and I shared a scrumptious breakfast croissant that was layered with quality deli-slice ham, perfectly cooked egg, sliced tomato that was so red and tasty, just enough pesto to give it amazing flavor. There may have been cheese, but the rest of it was so flavorful I didn't notice. Got that and a latte for $7. Seriously. The latte rivaled any coffee shop I know ( and I've worked for a couple) and the breakfast croissant put the Einstein brothers to shame. Saturday it was avocado toast. I would think the name says it all, but when you use amazing bread, toast it perfectly, use an deliciously ripe avocado, then sprinkle a little seasoning on top, you have a healthy snack perfected. At $2.50, i was a happy camper. Come on, just a side of guacamole at Chipotle is nearly $2! The guy was super friendly about them being almost closed. I walked in right at 2pm on Saturday and he was very open to letting me order whatever I wanted...just couldn't hang out, which is totally understandable!
4	I heard about this place through some friends and decided to go one sunday morning.  I ordered the english muffin breakfast sandwich, which had canadian bacon, egg, tomato and pesto of course. I also ordered the croissant breakfast sandwich which was well worth its price.  The pesto and the perfectly cooked egg made it taste so fresh!! My fiance at the english muffin sandwich and loved it.  I ordered the berry smoothie and that was very good as well.  The staff is very friendly.  I suggest if you want to get something to go you should call ahead because they make everything to order and it took a little bit.  I will definitely be back on a weekend to have a reasonably priced, high quality breakfast.
5	This place is absolutely amazing! You CANNOT beat the price for the yummy food! The hummus is handmade... and it definitely makes it perfect! The people working there are awesome! This is definitely a hidden gem!
5	Awesome!  So happy not only to have a cute, and cool cafe in my neighborhood, but also such a yummy one!  The place was very clean, had cute and cozy decor which featured nice photography on the walls. The place is run by the 3 owners, and so everything is made with love and quality.  The prices are very reasonable, especially given that all of the sauces, hummus, etc. are made daily. We had breakfast sandwiches, which were really really good. The homemade pesto sauce was superb. We also had delicious french pressed coffee. I can see if they were busy, it might not be fast like McDonald's, but that is part of what makes it great. Like I said, everything is made to order, fresh, hot, and with love and care. It reminded me of some of the great cafes I was in while visiting Europe, only much more reasonable. I was craving the breakfast sandwich the next day. Will most definitely be back again. Welcome to the neighborhood!
5	This place is great!Coffee is excellent As good of a breakfast sandwich as I ever had.Friendly service
5	This place is really more a 4-4 1/2 star place, but since I really want it to succeed & the owner (I'm guessing that's who me and my parents were chatting with) seemed super nice I'll just follow along w/the other five star reviews.I grew up about a half mile (if that) from the strip mall this place is located & think besides the Quick Stop, Jesus Chapel, and Asian restaurant on the corner most places have come & gone.  Even though I'd like for these guys to find a possible better location where more people will find it, it sounds like they put a lot of time & effort into renovating this space & it's kind of nice for this neighborhood to have a cafe like this since there really isn't any other place like it in the area.  It's not the largest restaurant, and the decor is fairly simple.  It's clean & despite it's small size there's quite a bit of seating.  The food here is solid & like others have said it's CHEAP!  With the exception of a couple items everything on the menu is under $6 & is very tasty.  They're only open of breakfast & lunch, and you can get breakfast all day, which I like.I'm not really sure what exactly you would consider this place.  Even though I didn't try any, they have more than a few coffee & espresso based drinks, but because they have so many sandwiches & wraps (as well as a couple salads) I really wouldn't consider this a coffee shop.  As far as the food, its' yummy! I had the breakfast sandwich on a cibatta roll & everything about it was perfect from the egg, to the bacon, to the pesto sauce which added a pleasantly surprising taste.  My mom had the exact same sandwich, except on a bagel instead.  My dad had a grilled cheese.  It came w/avacado, tomato, & pesto as well (now that I'm writing this review I realize where the "pesto" in the name of the restaurant comes from...they add it to most of there sandwiches).  This sandwich was good as well.  When I'm back in Scottsdale I'd stop by here again, especially for breakfast.
5	Wow what a great take on a breakfast sandwich.  I never would have thought about putting a cilantro pesto aioli on one of these.  What a great taste.  We had 2 of the breakfast sandwiches - both good but the one on The croissant was outstanding.  The avocado and sundried tomato on toast was tasty also.  AND they have French press coffee.  Yummmm.To top it all off the prices are very reasonable.  Definitely try this place if you can.
5	My mouth is watering just typing this review. MMMMMM.  I had a chai tea latte (YUM) with the California Toast (To.Die.For.).  I also had the croissant breakfast sandwich (I give it a 15 out of 10... and I'm a math teacher.).  And my bill was cheap.  Next time I'm in Scottsdale, I WILL go back. *Highly* recommend.
5	Located in a quiet strip mall on Roosevelt and Hayden (SE corner) this is the kind of local joint that's great to have right next to your neighborhood. I can't comment on most of the food, as I wasn't all that hungry and only had the California Toast... but it still surpassed my expectations. (it's 2 pieces of toast with their pesto aioli, a generous amount of smashed avocado, and topped with dried tomatoes. If you're super hungry you'll need more, but it's a great snack. And amazingly tasty.) Also, the coffee is flat out excellent. One of the better cups I've had in the valley. (i just had normal black coffee, not an espresso drink.) They brew their coffee using a french press too, which is pretty cool.All in all, I'll def. be back. Hopefully this place will catch on and these guys will do great. They seem like really nice folk. (note to owners: don't be afraid to turn that music up a touch though. Not blasting, but a little more volume could help give a little more atmosphere. Sitting in a too quiet business by yourself can feel awkward sometimes. Just my opinion.)
5	Amazing quality and low prices! The food is off the chain as are the Arnold Palmers.  Service is also top notch!
5	This place should have a line out the door.Just stopped in for some breakfast... I will be back for lunch. I just ate a breakfast sandwich that was more delicious than one I could have made myself, and it only cost a couple bucks. The prices here are insanely low. Breakfast for two including coffee was less than 10 bucks. It came out quick too. We were pressed for time, and our order was ready fast. Next to Chaser's, this cafe is certainly a welcome addition to the neighborhood. You wouldn't really know it was here if you were driving by, but you would be hard-pressed to find a more convenient location as a customer. I'm really glad to have something like this so close. I spoke with the owner for a bit, and he is a neighborhood local and super nice. I'm hoping he starts offering delivery. So I had a simple english muffin sandwich - it came with Canadian bacon, egg, cheese, and a cilantro pesto aioli that was amazing. It was made fresh with fresh ingredients and it was literally the most delicious breakfast sandwich of this ilk I've ever had. If you go to McDonalds and get one of their processed frozen chemical flavorless factory mcmuffins - you're going to pay more. That's a fact. Same goes for Starbucks - I have paid more for one coffee at Starbucks than I did for 2 breakfast sandwiches and 2 coffees here. Also, Starbucks makes breakfast sandwiches too - nowhere near as good and so much more expensive.This place is new, and it has a cool name but the sign is hard to see. It's also located in a strip mall that people know exists, but they tend to ignore. People will say this is a "hidden gem" - and I hope it doesn't stay that way. It deserves to be packed all the time. I want this place to succeed because it's close and inexpensive and most importantly - delicious. Truth is though, if I moved I would pass up 5 closer places just to come here.I'm headed back for lunch in a few hours, so I'll probably add more to this review.
5	The word needs to get out about this place... for real. Better food than most of the expensive, trendy Scottsdale nosh stops and the prices seriously can't be beat. While it's hidden, the location is actually really convenient. It's right off Hayden and Roosevelt, which makes it an easy stop. Tons of parking and the strip mall is never crowded. I've had the iced coffee, a simple english muffin with raspberry jam (which all tasted made from scratch, bee tee dubs) and a yogurt parfait. I've also tried the english muffin breakfast sandwich, which was to die for! The pesto aioli that everyone has mentioned is certainly worth the buzz. Everything I've had has been awesome.I'm REALLY looking forward to trying the sandwiches for lunch... they oven roast their own turkey and chicken. I know I'm going to be eating there a LOT.
5	this is a great little hidden spot, I took a client there over the weekend and we both ate a great breakfast for under 10 dollars.  Their prima breakfast sandwich will inspire your breakfasts at home.  (I just purchased all the ingredients to recreate at home.)  If you are in the area you really should give this place a shot
5	Great little sandwich shop! They have a variety of things for breakfast along with sandwiches and wraps for lunch.I had the classic chicken wrap and it was perfect, well made and just the right size. The prices ate good for the quality of the food tooMy only qualm with the place is its location, it needs to be closer to civilization! That little strip mall doesn't do it justice.
5	The food was hot, and the ingredients were fresh. The service was very friendly, and the dining area was clean. I am sometimes afraid of false reviews with a new place, but i am glad we stopped in.
5	Five stars all the way for quality of food and price.  It is out of the way and lacks a vibe because other customers may be scarce but if you need quality grub, stop by.  The servers are really working to go out of their way to make sure you get great food and service.  I really liked the Prima Breakfast Sandwich.
4	Super cute cafe in an out-of-the-way location.  I ordered a turkey wrap and while the wrap itself was really basic, it was delicious.  Very fresh ingredients eliminated the necessity for fancy-pants-ness.  My only complaint was that my chai was so sweet that I wasn't able to drink it.  As other reviews have mentioned, it was quite empty so I hope the word gets out.  Or not...  :)
4	Simple little place in a sad little strip center with some great food reasonably priced. I just had the avocado toast, multigrain toast with fresh smashed avocado and ground pepper on it. For $2.50! Simple, fresh, delish and cheap! The rest of the menu looks equally wonderfully.My kinda place.
4	Great little sandwich shop!  It got a good selection of sandwiches and wraps. Perfect for an easy inexpensive lunch. Owners were really friendly and offered to make me exactly what I wanted without even having to be asked.  Not the best location so I really hope this place can make it!!! Wish it were closer to my work, i'd go every day!
4	Great place. Everyone is super friendly. Got the house coffee and a bagel. Bagel was delicious!! My mom loved her mocha. Definitely coming back
5	This is the best breakfast place in Scottsdale. Best sandwiches ever.
5	Tasty sandwich for $5 + tax? Yes, Virginia, there is a Sandwich Clause.
5	I live in S. Scottsdale and was going to go to Matt's in Phoenix but, checked Yelp to see if I could find a good breakfast place closer. To my surprise, I found great reviews about Pesto Cafe and it is just a few hundreds yards from my house.  The shop is in a center that I have driven by hundreds of times and never been in.  When I walked in I was pleasantly surprised.  The cafe is extremely clean and the staff, and customers, were very friendly. I ordered Croissant Breakfast sandwich and homemade iced Chai and both were awesome!They make a lot of their items from scratch and are willing to customize healthy options.  They also have free WiFi and a few tables and chairs outside.   I am writing this review as I sit in the cafe and enjoying my breakfast.   I met the owner, Nathan, and told him I would be sure to recommend the cafe to others.
5	Found this place on Yelp this morning when searching for a new place to grab some breakfast/lunch to go. It's just a few miles down the road from us, in a strip mall you wouldn't look twice at, just above the Tempe border on Hayden. After reading enough convincing reviews, we checked out the menu and called in an order to pick up. The guy on the phone was so friendly and helpful! He let my bf sub turkey for ham on his bfast sandwich, and explained that he could just straight sub out the same amount of turkey for ham and it wouldn't cost extra, but if he paid $2 more he would get a full serving of turkey (same amount they'd put on a turkey sandwich). He opted for the upcharge and reported that it was well worth it!I ordered the Prima breakfast sandwich, which says it comes with bacon, but I didn't see or taste any (which ended up being just fine). The first bite was a taste explosion in my mouth-so much flavor! The eggs tasted fresh and the tomatoes were perfect...combined with the gooey cheese, the perfect pesto, and the crispy/fluffy ciabatta bread it was exactly what I was craving. Definitely my favorite breakfast sandwich in the area, and it's cheap to boot!I ordered an iced soy chai, which is so unlike chais anywhere else-it's FRESHLY MADE! From actual tea and spices! And the lemonade tasted like a state fair frozen lemonade, only better-super fresh and tangy but sweet. The total for both of us was just under $20 (two sandwiches, one with turkey added, and two drinks). Great deal, considering how fresh everything is!As for atmosphere, I can see coming here with a laptop and getting some work done (they have free wifi!), When you walk in, it's bright and friendly and the dudes working there take pride in their ingredients, which shows. I can't wait to come back for lunch!
5	I enjoy this place, but it is a bit expensive for me.    I mean, in my opinion, it is just as pricey as some of the other cafes, but you get much more product for your dollar.  It is something I have in moderation, and it is great quality. :)
5	I ordered Prima Chicken sandwich with a side order of Hummus.Both of them were delicious.The sandwich on ciabatta bread was so very good and tasty.Though this is not a middle-east restaurant the hummus was very good.The service was very friendly.
5	Amazing food!!!! Love the turkey wrap!!!!! But also everything on the menu is great!!! I am pretty addicted to the place now!!!
5	Best. Breakfast. Sandwich. EVER! Don't let the lack of curb appeal turn you off.. the croissant samwich with avocado & Canadian bacon was to die for. I got the dirty iced chai as well, which was a perfect combo. SOOO good, MUST try!
5	This place is awesome! I give this place a 41/2 to 5 stars. I read somewhere in here that someone said the prices are expensive, that's not true. The prices are great, trust me, if they weren't, I wouldn't be so excited about this place. Presto reminded me of some of the great restaurants I used to go to all the time in San Diego. If my work schedule wasn't so crazy, I would be in this place much more. Awesome food! Thumbs up for Presto!
5	Prima chicken sandwich is delicious!!
4	I ate lunch here one day and they have very good food but it's a little spendy. I wouldn't go out of my way very far for it but when I'm in the neighborhood it's definitely worth the trip.
5	Discovered this place from Yelp a few months ago..It is really close to my work, so I find myself going there often.It isn't close to where I live (in the North valley) but I have found myself making the 30 minute drive just to have lunch.The hummus is out of this world! As is the Prima Chicken Sandwich.I have not been disappointed by anything from Pesto Prima.
5	Had the English Muffin Sandwich and Iced Chia - better than McD's and Starbucks AND less expensive, too !!!  Friendly staff and fast WiFi.
5	Love this place, great classic sandwiches (try the tuna, its amazing) and the Java mocha shake is super delicious!
5	Back in Indiana and missing my morning routine at Pesto Prima.  Great food, great prices, great people !  I'll be baaack (in March).
4	Met up with a couple friends for lunch here today after reading good reviews on the place. Well they were right on. Great service and friendly environment. We all ordered different sandwich's and all 3 were great!. The chicken they use is legit.. And they are very happy to customize orders too. Two thumbs up.. Will be returning soon.
5	Great place for a White Mocha Latte and pastries.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.  I've been here a handful of times and always have had good experiences.  During the summer the smoothies are great to cool off with (if only for a few minutes)  :-)If I have the time, I love to have breakfast here. Or I'll call ahead for pick up.  I've never had to wait long.  I'm be stopping in whenever I get near Scottsdale.
5	My son says you are the best.  Looking forward to your excellent food and service.
5	Really good sandwiches.  Everything tastes homemade.  Friendly service and reasonable prices, too! Had a tuna sandwich (my 2 year old son ate it all) and a turkey cranberry sandwich.
2	I have no idea why people are raving about this place. They don't actually COOK here!!! It is just sandwich prep - like you would do in your own kitchen if you were to make your own lunch. NOTHING SPECIAL!!!No soups, no hot sides, nothing... all it is, is a bunch of chopped up chicken breasts with different sauces. There hummus is very good, but not good enough to make up for the lack of cooking. For the price of these sandwiches, I will make my own and brown bag it to work. I don't need to pay extra to have someone scoop chicken salad on bread so I can eat it next to fake hipsters with stinky "I am too cool to wash my hair" smell. :-X"Meh" is totally right!
4	What a Gem in south Scottsdale!  Exceptionally great food and service.  I have gone here about 15-20 times in the past year, maybe more.  And the service has been consistently the same.  There is no secret, I love the hummus here.  Everyone knows it!  I rave about it.  I love hummus and the only hummus I've ever tasted that was better was made at the table for me.  They offer 3 different mix-ins with their hummus.  My favorite is the roasted garlic and i will often order the chipotle-something when I order the hummus plateI have also tried 2 or 3 other things on the menu.  I have fallen in love with their "Grilled Cheese Sandwich".  I consider it to be a grilled cheese for adults.  This Grilled cheese sandwich is far more than just bread and cheese.  They also put avocado and tomato. The sandwich is simply divine.  After having the grilled cheese, i thought it was necessary for me to go for the Prima breakfast sandwich one morning.  WOW, what a yummy breakfast sandwich.  Egg, Cheese and Bacon - typical, but they throw in Pesto on this sandwich!  The Pesto is quite frankly in a food class all its own.  It is so delicious.  I order this sandwich with their 12-Grain Bread or the Wheat Bread and I love it that way.I know that on Wednesdays, they used to offer a "hidden menu" option.  you have to be "in the know" to request it.  So, now you know.  The proceeds from the "hidden menu" option go to Muscular Dystrophy.  You have to ask about this one on Wednesdays.The only reason I rank this place a 4 is the lack of a warm side to go with those delicious sandwiches.  I would give this 5 stars if I could get soup or fries.  I might change my mind and come back and change my rating to a 5 one day.  I'm that on the fence about this.
5	Amazing food!!
4	Pesto Prima....definitely a diamond in the rough!  Attitude is definitely what makes this place great.  Friendly receptive classy service.  A fantastic hot breakfast sandwich, large hot green tea and relaxing music in a clean non-congested environment.  Even though they have a problem with their free wifi, I think they may be inclined to fix it.  I will tell them about that.
5	Pesto Prima is my new neighborhood go-to for casual breakfast, lunch, coffee and general relaxation.  Don't let the location fool you - the strip mall at the SE corner of Hayden and Roosevelt is indeed the right place - and awesome food and customer service awaits!  I love eating there because: 1) Nathan, the owner, and his staff are so incredibly friendly, welcoming, and helpful to all of their guests...They provide helpful recommendations and happily accommodate finicky customer requests (including my boyfriend who likes an absurd amount of caramel in some sickeningly sweet "coffee" beverage he orders.)   They don't serve their customers, they take care of them. 2) The food is fresh, no fuss, and simply delicious.  They make pretty much everything. The turkey or chicken in your tasty sandwich?  They roast it themselves.  The pesto aioli and hummus, the tuna, potato and pasta salads? Yup, they make those too.  The Pesto crew takes pride in their food and it shows.   3) The unpretentious vibe.  If you've grown weary of the Scottsdale brunch / lunch scene, Pesto is the perfect alternative.  The decor is no frills, bright and spotless.  There are old peeps, young peeps, guys in suits, nerds, blue collar workers, cool dudes in flip flops, lost tourists from the UK...everyone is welcome here.  And customers actually acknowledge one another!  With free wifi and good tunes played at a respectful volume, Pesto's a low-key place to get away from the crowd, hunker down and get some work done too.  4) The prices are beyond reasonable.  And now they deliver - lounge lizards rejoice!!!The selfish me wants to keep Pesto a secret, but they deserve the good word to spread.  So beat the crowd and enjoy before the throngs converge....I'll see you there!
5	I am so glad I finally stopped in to Pesto Prima before moving out of the neighborhood! I drive past it almost every day but was a little sketched out by its barren strip mall location.The cafe itself is bright and clean. My mom and I were reading the chalkboard menu for a minute when a friendly, helpful cashier gave us brochure type menus to look at that were more detailed and had descriptions of the food items. Very nice! I read some other reviews saying that the ingredients are relatively basic and simple, but they are correct in that everything was very flavorful. We got an order of California Toast to share which was soo yummy! I usually don't like avocado but I could eat that toast every single day. I also got a small Berry Parfait and mom got the Prima Breakfast Sandwich. For beverages I ordered an iced dirty vanilla chai latte, per the above mentioned friendly cashier's recommendation. It was probably one of the best chai lattes I've had in the area. Mom tried the Java Mocha Blast, which I thought was similar to D'lish's Breakfast Buzz, only 10x better.Don't let the odd location fool you, Pesto Prima is definitely a hidden gem :)
5	I have been to Pesto Prima at least a dozen times, and I don't think I could ever get tired of it. Don't be put off by the strip mall location! This place is worth seeking out.I almost always go for breakfast. I've had all of their breakfast sandwiches, and although they're all great (and the English Muffin Sandwich is unbelievably cheap) the Prima Breakfast Sandwich has to be my favorite. I could write a song about my love for that sandwich. The ciabatta rolls are always fluffy and perfect, and never too hard. The pesto adds just the right amount of flavor without overwhelming anything. They always manage to have perfect tomatoes, and it's never that gross end part. The cheese is perfectly gooey and the bacon is crisp and the egg is cooked... I'm trying to avoid using the word "perfectly" again, but that's tough. I usually add avocado as well, which only adds to the taste explosion. Their drinks are great. You can get a huge French-press coffee for just $2, which is usually what I get. They also have really great iced tea and lemonade. I'm not much for fancy coffee drinks, but a couple weeks ago I had a friend in town who ordered a dirty chai and she said it was great. Last but not least- the cookies! They bake the most amazing peanut butter or oatmeal raisin cookies. They're only $1 and you won't regret it.
5	Just ordered here since the guy came in yesterday and said they had delivery. Totally worth it!  As per other reviews, yes everything is made simply but you can just taste that the food is made fresh. I had the grilled cheese and it was amazing. The iced mocha blast is really good as well. Definitely will order from them again!
5	Outstanding food. One of the best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had.
5	I'm from Phoenix so I didn't know what to think of the sketchy parking lot when I drove up at 6:00 am. But WOW! I just had the BEST English muffin breakfast sandwich I've ever had (better than homemade even). And for $3? Yes please. And with French pressed coffee? Yum! The staff are very cool and obviously care about the ingredients they put in the food. The parking lot looked friendlier once the sun came up too.
5	Update: 03/11/13 - Tried the new Java Mocha Blast, it is awesome!I live in S. Scottsdale and was going to go to Matt's in Phoenix but, checked Yelp to see if I could find a good breakfast place closer. To my surprise, I found great reviews about Pesto Cafe and it is just a few hundreds yards from my house.  The shop is in a center that I have driven by hundreds of times and never been in.  When I walked in I was pleasantly surprised.  The cafe is extremely clean and the staff, and customers, were very friendly. I ordered Croissant Breakfast sandwich and homemade iced Chai and both were awesome!They make a lot of there items from scratch and are willing to customize healthy options.  They also have free WiFi and a few tables and chairs outside.   I am writing this review as a sit in the cafe and enjoy my breakfast.   I met the owner, Nathan, and told he I would be sure to recommend the cafe to others.
4	I went here for a quick lunch during work. It's easy to miss this place since there's not much else going on in the small strip mall. Its a nice interior, good amount of seating. Perfect for hanging out for a while. I was told their pesto chicken sandwich is by far their most popular. I decided to try something else: the sweet curried chicken salad on ciabatta. Total was $7 or so, with $1 more for ciabatta. The only sides I saw were pack of chips. The sandwich came out pretty quickly. Overall good sandwich, I wish the portion was little larger or the price little closer to $5. I would also prefer to see more sides offered, or some type of combo deal with drink. I'll definetly come back here to try their other sandwiches--but only when I'm not super hungry.
4	4 stars, because I'm a little picky with my 5 stars for when places make me want to hustle rides and instigate with people to get back somewhere.The pesto chicken was decent like others said (I prefer D'Lish's more), and the tuna melt makes me want to rethink my strategy on healthy food and add more gooey, melty cheese to things...but what stood out to me as more "craving worthy" was the avocado turkey. The croissant was buttery and flaky and had really nice flavors with the aioli and avocado. So good.I did try the California toast and wasn't the biggest fan of the sundried tomatoes on top... just something about them. But I like that any menu item with avocado usually has a generous helping of it.I really like the hummus too (and the pita bread pieces that come with it, though don't let them get cold or else they'll be hard as rocks)- it's plain hummus with the sauce of your choice drizzled at the bottom of the cup and on top. I tried the garlic and the prickly heat (though it's a lot more sweet than spicy) and both were tasty. The garlic wasn't "my coworkers are going to hate me in our afternoon meeting" strong, so luckily they can just hate me for calling afternoon meetings. For $2.50 it was a nice side to my sandwich to make my meal of sandwich+hummus more filling.You'll probably find that it's "just enough" food - you won't get stuffed or squelch a ravenous appetite.I've tried a sample of their Java Mocha Blast and it was pretty good. There are similar drinks at Coffee Plantation and D'Lish, so much so that it gets hard to rank them but this one has a stronger coffee flavor and adds Nutella for their own unique twist to the peanut butter+banana+mocha.Oh and it might be good to note that they serve the full menu the whole time they're open, so maybe next time I'll grab breakfast at lunchtime.One downside is that they seem to run out of the hummus often by lunchtime :(
5	I found out about this place when the owner came to my shop down the street and hand delivered a menu he told me they deliver witch was cool and he also mentioned the hummus, I warned him because being Armenian my mom makes fresh no canned hummus with fresh chickpeas and Iam very critical when it comes to hummus and he asured me that he makes it himself fresh! So I ordered the Prima Breakfast Sandwitch with hummus on the side both were amazing the sandwithch was great perfectly blended together just enough basil pesto eggs cook just right and the ciabatta roll perfect, and as for the humus just like mom makes it all fresh ingrediants very good, glad I found this place or should I say this place found me will for sure get my future business!
5	Breakfast is and has always been a big deal to me. The thought of a good breakfast makes me fall asleep happily and wake up feeling like a better person. Maybe 5 years ago, my dream was to open a breakfast shop, selling only simple breakfast food that I love to eat. I grew out of this dream when I became older and increasingly disillusioned by the "all-day breakfast": syrup-drenched pancakes, rock-hard bacon, or kitchen-sink omelette. Then I came to Pesto Prima and realized someone has been carrying on my dream somewhere in this world. It has a small breakfast menu, with simple things as toast and smear and breakfast sandwich. How difficult can that be? Yes, it is very hard to be deceptively simple. Bravo, Pesto Prima.
4	I'm so happy I found this little spot! Try the Prima Chicken --- Oven roasted, hand-carved chicken, with roasted red peppers, tomato, baby spinach, provolone, basil pesto aioli on a ciabatta roll   $7.50** Avocado Turkey-- Oven roasted, hand-carved turkey breast, avocado slices, alfalfa sprouts, tomato and muenster with basil pesto aioli on golden, buttery croissant   $7.50 I think I like the Avocado Turkey better but they are both very good! The croissants here are to die for so flaky and wonderful they melt in your mouth!!!They also have great Coffee options, I usually get a dirty chi and its fantastic!!This is a great breakfast spot defiantly worth trying if you are looking for a new breakfast spot!! I'll be back for sure!!
2	Salty, salty, salty.Could have been so much better. I got the grilled cheese and it was so salty I had to gulp down my lemonade just to eat it. Which is sad because it was cooked perfectly and looked so tasty. Maybe it was just a one off accident?
4	So, I posted a review last week or so and it wasn't very favorable. At the bottom I suspected if my poor food experience was a one-off fluke. I'm happy to say that that seems to be the case.Both times that I've been to Pesto Prima the customer service was excellent. The women in the front were friendly, answered all my questions and even gave me a sample when I was curious about the mayo content in the chicken salad.I got the same thing I had before, a grilled cheese and a curry chicken salad which (from reviews) seemed to be a favorite. This time the grilled cheese was perfect, and the curry chicken was excellent. I'm glad that I had a reason to come back, and that my earlier review proved false.
4	The food is delicious! It's a nice, clean, modern little cafe in this trashy old strip mall. I haven't seen many people eating in, seems more like a take-out place but its soooo good. It takes a while for food to be ready so call ahead if you're in a rush for lunch
5	Had the breakfast sandwich today. Excellent. Savored every last bite. Love this place.
4	This is a nice little local spot. Friendly employees, and some good food. When looking for a lunch spot, I think it's important to find a place that is a locally owned small business. Pesto Prima is that place, and offers really tasty sandwiches and salads that are made to order.I cannot think of one reason to choose Subway or any chain, over a locally owned business like Pesto Prima. Instead of meat that has been sitting around for days at Subway, here you get artisan croissants, fresh meats and cheeses, and crisp garden veggies. Next time you want to treat your taste buds, check out Pesto Prima- you won't be disappointed.
4	I have placed delivery orders here a handful of times and am so thankful that I found this place.  A lot of times I cannot leave the office for lunch and it is nice to have Pesto Prima in my neighborhood.  You can only order pizza so many times!  The delivery service is always prompt and the hummus plate I always order is excellent:-)  I have ordered a sandwich once but I despise mayo or aoli of any kind and they have it on every sandwich on their menu.  The one time i ordered a sandwich i said to nix the mayo but of course the sandwich arrived with mayo on it.  I was so hungry that I had to call them ... they were so nice and quickly delivered me a new sandwich.  Great service!!
5	What an amazing hidden gem!  Great food, service and extremely inexpensive considering the A+ quality of the food.  I highly recommend you try the hummus plate, it's better than any Greek or Mediterranean place in the Valley. They also do a fantastic catering platter for those working lunches.
5	Awesome little hidden gem great coffee great sandwiches
5	Prima Breakfast sandwich substitute for buttery croissant and add avocado might be the best breakfast sandwich of all time. Delicious. Also, their homemade hummus is good.
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in the valley. I've been to Matt's and Dottie's and they can't hold a candle to the simple yet smartly crafted wraps and sandwiches provided by Pesto Prima. My girlfriend and I get Prima Breakfast Sandwiches every Saturday. Literally. It's legitimately something we look forward to every week. The service is fantastic! Kaela, Nathan and Martina always know our order and that we like our soy chais a bit different than the standard recipe. What sets Pesto Prima apart from any other breakfast eatery is their titular pesto. It makes their sandwich go from regular ol' breakfast to amazingly delicious and award-worthy. I encourage EVERYONE to make their way to Pesto Prima for breakfast, and if that won't work, lunch is great too, especially buffalo chicken on a challa roll. Again, and I can't stress this enough, we eat there EVERY Saturday because it's that awesome. It makes a breakfast anywhere else seem sub par so please, if you know what's good for you, eat at this restaurant!!
5	Awesome chicken sammie! Went with prima chicken add avocado, and it is really tasty! Will be back.
5	I've become a regular here...I love how fresh everything tastes. My usual is a berry blast smoothie, Roasted garlic hummus with extra pita bread and a prima grilled cheese without tomatoes as I'm picky about how my tomatoes are cut This place had met my expectations repeatedly, a definite go to.
5	I eat here frequently and every single time it is wonderful. Their breakfast  and lunch sandwiches are delicious and this place is extremely well priced. The breakfast wrap is my favorite with potatoes, spinach, tomato, and egg. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
5	I absolutely love this place. It's so cheap with quality cafe food. I've never been disappointed. The staff is always so sweet. It has a great neighbourhood vibe. I love the prima blt and the grilled cheese. Also, their espresso drinks are made perfectly.
5	So glad we came.  This is exactly what we were looking for. Thanks Max A for tipping me off.This is a small neighborhood sandwich shop, but don't expect much ambiance.  The outside is hardly noticeable, located in a dying strip mall with a view of General Dynamics. According to Kayla, our delightfully chatty waitress, business is good, getting better, hiring more help.  The owner (and genius chef) is seriously thinking of bringing up his bbq truck from Safford to work it in the parking lot.  Imagine the great smells!  Ohhhh, you lucky locals.So many choices, all with clever twists to make them something not so ordinary. To get us started, we had the small side (enough for 1-2) of thick homemade hummus (garlicky with a nice touch of cumin). I love a good hummus but so many are overrated.  Not so here.  $2 buys you a platter of toasted pita wedges and a small cup of homemade hummus with a drizzle of a spicy sweet sauce called prickly heat. It was not super spicy, and I quickly knew this could possibly be love at first bite. It was. Get the big one next time!The grilled cheese had two kinds of cheese, great bread, generous slices of avocado, tomato, and an amazing pesto aioli that makes it so unique.  Wonderful flavors, not your normal grilled cheese by any sense.The Sweet Curry Chicken sandwich. Enhanced with mayo, curry, raisins, lettuce and tomato. A very happy sandwich. Irresistible.Each sandwich came with a choice of house made salad (we chose potato salad and pasta salad...yummy), or chips.And I would order all of these again. I really enjoyed our meal. Very much.Prices are wonderful. The menu intriguing.  The interior clean and neat. The staff friendly and attentive.  The food excellent and fresh.They only do breakfast sandwiches and lunch, and close by 4 (except Sunday they close by 3).  Definitely a keeper.  Definitely a place to stop. It needs your love to keep it going, and if you dare to give it a try, I am warning you, you just may get hooked. This is serious stuff. So get moving folks.
4	I'm in love with the place. Granted, I have only been here for breakfast... but hey, it is the most important meal of the day, right? Everything I've tried at Pesto Prima has been my favorite. The Prima Breakfast Sandwich is a mouthful of heaven. This sandwich is full of flavor that all really compliment each other well. It's also a pretty good size; I often get full off of one half. The Chai Tea is to die for. They make their own chai and it is by far the best I've had in town. Also, full of flavor and simply delicious. During my last visit I tried their Java Mocha Blast. It's a protein smoothie full of  magic... delicious. The only complaint I have about this place is that it's closed on Sundays. I hope to eventually try their lunch menu.
4	Sandwiches were good- the grilled cheese was HUGE! If I go back I would get that. Why not 5 stars- they charge a dollar for tea refills and nothing comes with the sandwiches  . They gave my friend and I a smoothie sample to try and I would get it again. I heard they deliver so my office might have to try that out sometime!
5	Great little spot!  Perfect place for breakfast sandwiches!!  I highly recommend the Croissant Sandwich.  Best sandwich in a long time!
4	This place is pretty good. I got a sandwich and latte in the morning. It tasted okay but not great. I was the only person there and the service was a little bit slow. The latte wasn't the best that I've tasted but it was pretty decent. I felt like the sandwich was a pretty simple sandwich that I could make at home. However, I do like how convenient it is since it is right in the middle of my home and school so I will be going back when I am too lazy to cook.4 stars because I really hope this place makes it. It's really nice to see a non-chain and local place.
5	mmmm when i first walked in, i thought i was going to leave super fat, the smell of bread through the air, it was quite amazing if you asked me. i had a bagel with canadian bacon and i thought i was in heaven for the 5 minutes I was eating the bagel, until I devoured it and had to order a latte for old times sake, i totally recommend this place to anyone who loves fuffi food (still amazing food). its super cheap and its great if you are on the go and dont want to make breakfast or to just eat a healthy lunch!
5	Great little place for breakfast.  Their French Press coffee is good and loved their croissant breakfast sandwich.  It had a pesto mayonnaise on it that gave it great flavor.
5	This place is wonderful. I've been coming here since shortly after they first opened. Service is always great, employees are always joyful and the food is always delicious. Service is a little slow compared to other breakfast/lunch shops for sandwiches. Not much else to add to the other reviews below but I always try to stop by here if I'm close by and hungry. I recommend their ciabatta and croissant breakfast sandwiches, and the java mocha blast rocks too. The coffee is local and is quite tasty as well.
5	A true neighborhood gem. Turkey & Avocado is outstanding. Curry chicken salad is my second favorite.  Staff is friendly and attentive. Bummed they are closed on Sunday, but that makes Monday better.
4	Ok so the sandwiches at this place are awesome! I only had the Prima Chicken but it really was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The coffee is good, I had a latte and it was certainly better than Starbucks but nothing to go out of your way for in my opinion. The thing that really holds this place back is atmosphere. It's located in a small strip mall right off Hayden in an area that just doesn't have anything going on. Inside is pretty basic with food court style tables and chairs. My recommendation, get your lunch to go.
5	I live down the street and LOVE this place. So glad to have a cozy coffee place nearby. My favorite is the pesto breakfast sandwich and I get it on a bed of spinach instead of the roll...AMAZING and only 4.50. My other fav is the java mocha smoothie which has nutella and other goodies in it. I have not tried the lunch items yer but Im sure they are equally as good.
5	Amazing Pesto Prima is one of the finds of the century.  When you go there try the avocado toast - OMG Amazing!!Great food, service and pricing - love this place
4	After one of the worst breakfast experiences in my recent history  I made a point to try as many independent morning eateries as I could. The incident that drove me to this was thinking there was someway that Taco Bell's waffle taco could actually work on some level. Please don't  let the fact that I'm an idiot detract from the next part of the review. Pesto Prima cafe  was a solid improvement at a fair price. Their English muffin with fried egg, Canadian ham ,tomato, cheese and basil aioli pesto was well constructed,  hot,tasty and the default coffee that came with it better than 2/3 of the usual breakfast places but not stand out great.  Friendly staff, clean and I hope to get a chance to get a lunch there in the near future
4	Great place and the service is fast. This was introduced to me by a friend and we ate our breakfast here. I like the place. Neat and has a nice atmosphere. I like their Prima breakfast sandwich which was really delicious and cheap as well. Would definitely come back here again!
5	Seriously the best breakfast sandwiches I have ever had and I like to consider myself a breakfast sandwich connoisseur. If you are looking for a fresh, fast, and delicious breakfast, Pesto Prima is the place to go.  My personal favorite.. Prima breakfast sandwich.
1	Okay. Normally love this place - but I've been trying to call and place a to go order for my office for the last 15 minutes and the line is busy?! Don't know what kind of business only has one line. Also the hours look like they've been reduced. No longer open on Mondays & open until 2 and not 4. Disappointing to say the least. I recommended this restaurant to my office, and they are all hungry and getting impatient because I cannot get through to place an order. Also they are not doing delivery anymore apparently? Which is the whole reason my office wanted to order from here, it was very convenient. I guess we will have to order from somewhere else who is more accomodating. Unfortunate, as the food is very good.
5	Not sure why this place is still a hidden gem, but, since it's such a gem, I feel I should share the wealth. This is a very tucked-away but deliciously sweet find in south Scottsdale. The food is scrumptious, especially for a pesto-lover like myself. For the older shopping center that it is tucked in, it is quite refreshing, neat, and tidy inside. Plus, if you ever need a place to get work done, they have great coffee, wifi, music, and few if any distractions. Visit the great people that work here and the delicious goodies they make!
5	Great food and consistently fast service. They also have delivery which is a nice feature, definitely worth checking out!
2	I mean the prices are okay I guess but the food isn't the best the coffee was so strong and sweet I had to toss it I don't really like this place lol ....
4	Notes to self: I haven't had anything bad here, and every time I'm in town I come here at least twice. The buffalo chicken is a winner for lunch. The java mocha blast is better than the breakfast buzz at delish. I should try breakfast sandwiches next time I am around. Closed Mondays which is kind of a bummer. Fyi: the Wi-Fi password is on the receipt
5	I love it !  the food it's very good !!
5	Super casual, super good food for a quick bite.  I was in the area and Yelp came to the rescue.  This place was small but clean in a strip mall that I would have never gone to without the great reviews.  Glad I did, they made me a sandwich without the bread since I am trying to limit my gluten and it came out fantastic.  Wish I could remember what it was called but I am sure everything here is great with the pride they put into their products and service.
5	There is usually a sense of guilt when ordering delivery from any restaurant. I have yet to actually visit the restaurant but I have ordered from Pesto Prima multiple times. All I got to say is, awesome! The delivery time is short and the food is always great. They make breakfast exciting, most importantly the coffee is always fresh. Implementing pesto with most of the breakfast sandwiches makes the menu really unique. Hands down my favorite breakfast spot in Scottsdale in terms of price/taste.
5	Pesto Prima is beyond fabulous. I'm local to this spot and so happy I stumbled across this place. It's very quaint and I love that about it. That's the best part about local joints- there's no commercialism involved. Entirely unique. Their breakfast sandwiches are literally some of the best I've ever had, and I make sandwiches myself for a living. I visit Pesto Prima several times a week and I ALWAYS get a Java Mocha Blast: iced coffee, banana, protein powder, peanut butter, chocolate, Nutella- all blended into a smooth creamy breakfast concoction. SO FREAKING GOOD. I often just get this and it sustains me until I eat lunch later. I used to be a big D'lish fan, which is not far from here and also local, but they have nothing on Prima. Prima's portions are extremely generous for a really decent price. Staff and owner are super duper friendly and we always have a good convo. Kayla is great! If you're in the area, go here. You won't be disappointed!
5	Delicious food. Friendly Staff and great music. This place and people are awesome. Wish I could come in more often! The chai is unbelievably good!
5	I couldn't get tired of this place if I tried. Excellent smoothies, coffee and food. They also always let me make substitutions without any up charges. The only downfall is the hours. It would be nice if they stayed open until early evening.
5	Went here for lunch and had a great BLT that had cheddar cheese on it... Perfect! Hours are Tues-Sat 7:00-2:00 pm Nice little lunch spot and not too far from my workplace. Definitely going back.
4	I don't always eat sandwiches but when I do I go to Pesto Prima. Try their Java Mocha Blast , best protein shake out there.No more sandwiches :( just breakfast items.
5	Wow, this place is fantastic. Hidden from view to most passengers, my family decided to try it out and we are glad we did. First thing you notice is the atmosphere. This place has a very quaint classic diner feel to it. Very clean place. Second, the coffee is out of this world. I paid $1.75 for a cup of French Press coffee and the coffee was smooth and perfect. Third, the food. My girlfriend and I both got the egg wraps and they were great. With spinach and red onions, the wraps were tasty. Fourth, free Wi Fi. This a a plus and with the cheap coffee, I can see myself spending many hours here doing work from home. This place is everything you would want in a small cafe and everyone should check it out.
5	Smelled glorious when we walked in. Friendly staff. Delicious coffee. Clean and fresh atmosphere and the music wasn't obnoxiously loud. Great tasting food: we got the breakfast wrap and the English muffin sandwich with avocado.
4	Stopped in this morning and got the primo breakfast wrap. It was delicious! Everything was fresh and it was the perfect portion.  I will definitely be back!
2	I had to update this review because I used to come here for lunch.The lunch sandwiches and hummus are pretty tasty but all of those items are now axed from the menu; it looks like it's breakfast only now.It's a shame because people order those lunch items all the time, they're really popular, and they even sell out of things (especially the hummus, but that's also because they don't care to make enough to keep up with the demand - an unfortunate fact that caused us to change lunch spots on many occasions).Not sure why they're taking lunch items away... I talked to coworkers and none of us have a big inclination to walk over there to eat breakfast wraps/sandwiches for lunch all the time.We've also seen issues with consistency: A table of four shouldn't have three people served, have a to go order for at least 10 sandwiches taken care of for someone else, and then 20 min later have our 4th sandwich brought out. Generally, it could take anywhere from 10 min to 35 min to get a sandwich out.Oh well. I guess it was good while it lasted?
5	cute place. great food!
5	The breakfasts are yummy and the morning beverage are delish. Wifi is fast and free. Two thumbs up!
5	Hazlenut flavored ice latte & croissant breakfast sandwich was truly exceptional. 2 fried eggs, swiss cheese, Black Forest ham, tomato with basil pesto aioli plus avacado on a buttery croissant. The flavors were wonderful and linger in my mouth. I also appreciate the latte with delicate flavor and not sweet.The service is basic and warm. Being in a strip mall it faces north and Hayden runs north and south Roosevelt does not have a lot of traffic. Youwould not see the restaurant unless looking for it.Breakfast is served all day. I had a difficult time making a selection from  appealing potential selections. They do a nice business and I have to guess mostly repeat. It is minutes from Casino, 101 & 202. I feel this is a modest restaurant with modest people with true culinary talent. It is wise to do a few things to excellence.
5	Samantha R. are you having a bad day or what?  (grin) I loved this place I have been there many times and the sandwiches and the coffee is really awesome.  I'm not sure what you mean about no cooking because you can request a hot/cooked sandwich. I asked many times to have my Cranberry Turkey sandwich to be a cooked as a hot sandwich; very yummy. I'm not a good cook myself so my sandwiches would never taste as good as good as they do at Pesto Prima and that's great if you have the time to make sandwiches for work like you suggested but I never have the time to do that plus I love the atmosphere and visiting the other shops right next door like the Puppy Land and the other shops .  BTW, they do have soup too but it is more of a seasonal item.
4	Breakfast menu only now.Good food!  Easy to find location in a strip mall on Hayden & Roosevelt.  I had the breakfast croissant sandwich.  They also have coffee, drinks, and chips.
5	Checked this place out thanks to a Yelp review. AWESOME! Food is fantastic and creative. The staff are super friendly and accommodating with their recommendations and tweaks to whatever you order. Loved the iced Chai and the sandwiches were works of art!!!
5	Great mix of flavors in the breakfast menu.   The exterior doesn't do this place justice, as it is very clean and well decorated.   I certainly found my new breakfast place in the neighborhood.
