4	I usually stay at the Courtyard Marriott whenever I travel to Chandler. I think the hotel is fairly new and service is always friendly.It's weird that they have the slightly lower end Fairfield Inn & Suites Marriott right next door (the buildings connect). I think the staff is shared across both hotels....although, it should really just be the same hotel.They offer free internet (WiFi or LAN cable)....they have a full bar in the lobby (but it closes at 10 pm). They offer a free breakfast but you have to walk over to the connecting Fairfield Inn & Suites to get it.I've stayed at both the Courtyard Marriott and the Fairfield Inn & Suites at this location. The Courtyard was about $10 more expensive per night....and the room had a couch in it where the Fairfield Inn & Suites did not.
5	This place rocks! New, clean, modern, nice, cheap, free breakfast, comfy beds, view of vast desert wasteland in the west facing rooms...what more can you ask for? (Oh yeah the toilets do clog easily, so take it easy when doing your thing)
4	The hotel is newer and the rooms are pretty comfortable. The hotel offers free wifi, which is a bonus. There are no places to eat within walking distance. There is a very large shopping mall surrounded by a large selection of restaurants.
4	Nice hotel...
5	Nice and newer Courtyard. Nowhere to eat in walking distance, but there's a mall nearby with tons of places. Probably the nicest of the Courtyards in the Phoenix area. I have stayed in quite a few of them too! They have a person singing and playing guitar near the bar area on certain nights which is a nice touch.
2	Front desk staff very friendly upon arrival but beyond that not much I can say that's positive.  I was given a handicapped-accessible room right next to the elevator.....sticky drink rings on the night stand next to my bed that housekeeping never cleaned.  Definitely not impressed with the room.
4	Hollywood hits Chandler! This Courtyard Marriot was a super trendy hotel with a modern feel. The bold feng shui hits you right when you walk into the lobby. Usually, Arizona hotels provide a desert environment. Not the case here. The lobby walls were peppered with flat screen TVs and earth tone colors. It was quite welcoming and warm. Personnel was very friendly and hospitalble. Prices were terrific as well. The rooms werepretty big; as were the bathrooms. One improvement I saw that needed attention were the towels. They were rough and thin. Perhaps just a bad batch. Another improvement I saw needing attention was the food quality in the lobby bistro. The pizza tasted microwaved and the burgers tasted blan. The menu read well but the food couldn't back it up. Good thing the bartender had a heavy hand with the Crown Royal! I'd go back! Great spot- just eating out next time.
4	As of press time, when you Google map the Courtyard Phoenix Chandler Fashion Center, you get pointed to a bunch of bushes in the middle of a street island in the middle of a bunch of undeveloped land. I was like, where in the world am I staying? Well, when we got there, it was interesting because the Fairfield Inn and Suites and the Courtyard were connected, kind of shaped like the Mandalay Bay. There are two separate entrances, that are like 200 feet from each other. Funny. My colleague stayed in the Fairfield and I walked into the Courtyard. There were a couple of girls at the front desk and I said I was checking in. They told me that there was dinner available I think until 10 and breakfast was served there the next morning. Stupid me, I just came from staying at a Hilton Place and assumed breakfast was included. Love the outlets on the wall next to the bed, had a handicapable room, which I actually liked because it had multiple handles around the shower, but I didn't like that the bathroom door kept closing. The lighting in the bathroom was also dim and weird fluorescents which didn't match the bedroom. I was looking for a coffee cup, but all I found was an open plastic wrapper behind the coffee maker, which I assume used to hold a paper coffee cup. I like to use those to brush my teeth, especially since they did that expose on hotel glasses never been washed and only Windexed. Yuck. My bed was decent, pillows were fine and everything was clean. The TV was a nice HD flat screen. The a/c unit was a tad loud, so I just turned it off. WIfi was super easy to access.The fitness center was of a decent size for a Courtyard and had windows, so it didn't feel like you were in a closet. It was accessible 24 hours with your room key. The pool was of a decent size, and was relatively clean. I had to use the scooper to get out the little bugs that had fallen in, but no big deal. It was heated. The hot tub smelled like poo or urine or something though so I got out after like a minute because it should not smell like that. At 8:30 pm, I took the last two towels out of the plastic storage unit and did not know where you could get more towels. At 9 pm, there was a girl singing and playing guitar in the lobby. She was actually really good too. I went down to breakfast the next morning, but then realized you had to pay for it. I then heard that the Fairfield Inn next door included breakfast, but I read that they shared the fitness center and pool with the Courtyard. I'd rather have the convenience of the gym over breakfast though, and it's there at the Courtyard, you just have to pay for it. It's a good business hotel, and right next to an ebay office. You can't walk anywhere to eat though except maybe to the mall, but it's pretty far especially in the desert heat. It's a newer Courtyard so it's clean and modern looking. If you search for it on Google Maps, it'll point you to the middle island on the road because I guess it wasn't yet built when they took it.
4	I decided to stay here Friday night to attend a nearby after-work happy hour in Chandler. As a Marriott Lifetime Platinum member, I tend to stay in Phoenix or Scottsdale at one of the Marriotts or JWs.Upon arrival I was a bit dismayed that this was connected to a Fairfield Inn. Yes. I'm spoiled. However, upon walking in, the lobby was bright and inviting. The person working the front desk was extremely helpful and promptly called for a cab when requested. The hallways were equally bright with a clean, fresh scent although the smell was a bit overpowering at times.The room was modern and clean. The thermostat kept the room at a fairly consistent temperature; the bed was comfortable, the shower had good water pressure; and there were plenty of outlets so I didn't need to leave my cell phone on the floor or unplug other appliances to power three laptops and charge my phone.I only stayed one night so I cannot comment on the housekeeping, but if I was needing to stay near the area, I would definitely consider staying here again.
3	Average room size. No real view just open desert to look at. Pretty clean and the staff was very friendly.  They don't offer late check out and I know all Starwood hotels to so that's something they should get on board with. The fitness room was clean and all the machines work well. Pool area was kept orderly and if you walk over to the connecting hotel they have a fabulous breakfast! I'd definitely stay here again if I needed to be in the area. There's nothing close within walking distance so be sure you have a vehicle. However, I noticed they have a shuttle that does pick up and drop offs but not too sure where it goes exactly. This hotel was A-OK
2	I stay at this hotel upwards of twice a month. I adore the personal service, which is really appreciated as a frequent business traveler who stays in hotels all over the country throughout the month. They know my name, my premier status and always personally greet me. All that said, the beds are some of the worst around (hard as a rock) and the pillows are horrible - flat as pancakes. You'd think for a company that is in the sleep business, they'd provide more comfortable fundamentals, e.g. bed and pillows. The last few times the beds have been so hard - like a palette of bricks - I've asked them to swap the bed, and I left with cricks in my neck that lasted for weeks. If mgmt actually tested the accommodations once and a while I don't think I'd be writing this. They make up in service where the comfort leaves off. I'm not sure how many more times I'll stay here. Please fix the fundamentals! The beds and pillows!!!!!!!
3	Better than the price suggests is my first thought, the rooms, the friendliness of the staff and the amenities at this hotel at the first glance belongs to a higher prices property, then it goes downhill, great pictures of menu items on display at the bar/restaurant come to find that breakfast only has like 2 items, perhaps the rest of the food on the menu is on a time lock? The breakfast tasted like it was microwaved from frozen. There is a bar, but it closes at 10pm on a Friday and the pimple faced kid does not know what Black Label is, pretty sure he is not old enough to serve alcohol, and lets not forget that the AC in the rooms probably is made by Boeing.Would love them to fix these things because it's a good looking place at a great location.These things might seem petty and perhaps I was over exited when we arrived and saw how nice it all looks.
4	I must say, our visit was pretty good.  They had a nice lounge which offered all sorts of food options that were easy and convenient.  They had a nice heated pool and hot tub which our kids enjoyed.  The room was clean but a bit small.  The only slight complaint was that we were hoping to check in a tad early, at 2:00 or 2:30 and technically check in began at 3pm.  I get that, but we had to be at a surprise party by 2:45 so we really wanted to get checked in a bit early. They were able to get the room ready in time, but barely.  We were surprised that they didn't  have any rooms ready when we first arrived at 2pm because typically there is something clean by then.  We ended up spending most of our time in the ER because my son broke his arm so they were very helpful with giving us a late checkout.  The staff was very helpful and friendly.  Karen at the front desk gave us the late check out and seemed very concerned about our son in the ER.  Overall a great stay considering the circumstances.
5	Really cute hotel! It's decorated really nice. I stayed there in March of 2014. It has a cute bistro where you can order cook to order food. Breakfast is amazing. Prices a little steep. But still tasted great. In a good location near a mall, lots of restaurants, movies, and easy freeway access. I highly recommend staying here.
