4	Wanted to try something different and new Bleu Barn happened to be parked outside Atheron Market for lunch on a Thursday. They describe themselves as farm to table, serving only seasonal ingredients that are sourced locally. Bright blue, adorable wagon posted up alongside the benches and outdoor tables... Perfect food truck lunch spot.I fought the temptations of pork belly tacos, chicken and waffles, and grass fed farmhouse burger and went with the fire roasted veggie wrap.There were only a few patrons waiting and no line. Food took a little longer than I anticipated, so I worry if it had been busier, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt since they are still new.Took it back to work with me and was surprised that it hadn't been cut and half and was essentially a burrito. Glad I was at my desk on a stable surface with knives. The wrap itself was large and pretty delicious. A little heavy on the lemon pesto but that's purely subjective.Overall, the ingredients tasted fresh and I was pleased with my meal. Will definitely be returning!
5	My family ordered the farmhouse burger, chicken tacos and pork belly tacos... all were amazing!!
5	I stopped by Mike's Beverages on Park Road yesterday to grab a six pack of beer and saw this cute food truck sitting next to it. I decided to get the burger and the goat cheese grilled cheese and both were absolutely fantastic. They were fresh, delicious, and great and unique flavors. I recommend this to anyone who stops by! Relatively good prices ($8 for each entree) and nice people! I give it 2 thumbs up!
4	This truck was sitting outside of Triple C when we arrived. That was a happy coincidence because we were hungry and had no idea what was around for food.My wife ordered the burger and I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. We shared somewhat (translation: my wife shared with me, she doesn't do pork). The pulled pork sandwich was delicious and devoured quickly. The burger, although I only had a bite, was equally excellent and is something that I wouldn't hesitate to order at the next opportunity.We split an order of the potato salad too. My wife loved it, but I didn't really care for it. Not that it was bad... maybe needed to be seasoned a little better. Plus it's probably just me but cold potatoes, when cut as huge as these were, are just kind of weird.No matter. On the whole, it was great food.
5	I pack my lunch everyday and try to avoid eating out to save money. But it never fails, Tuesday morning my company sends out an email with the menu for the day and I see a new item I just can't pass up. Their food is so good and so fresh. They are so innovative with their ideas. I absolutely love them. I think this Tuesday I won't even bother packing a lunch.
4	I would have given this food truck 5 stars, if the person working the order counter could have at least smiled or spoken politely after paying $8 for my grilled cheese sandwhich. The food was excellent, the cook was great; but I felt like I was really putting out the counter person.
5	My husband and I stopped by last night and had the Autumn Squash Bisque, Pimento and Fried Green Tomato Grill Cheese and Genoa Salami Grill Cheese Sandwich, and oh my gosh was it all amazing.  The staff was friendly and welcoming.  Keep it up Bleu Barn Bistro.
