5	Stubborn knots? Achy shoulders? Throbbing sciatica? Yeah, I experience this most of the time. Its our American lifestyle. But when I get on Audrys table I know I'm going to feel so much better. Its knot, jk, not just a relaxing hour, its a healing experience. Her hands seek out my annoying issues and work them out.
5	Audrey is absolutely the best! I am always sore from working out & was also dealing with sciatica issues. The first time was very relaxing & she got the feel for what I was really wanting. Thereafter I always left feeling amazing & loose. My knots were out of my shoulders, my headaches decreased, & my favorite was the looseness in my IT bands. All and all, at ALW you will get exactly what you are looking for in a massage. I'm hooked !
5	Audrey is the best massage therapist I have ever gone to.  I have been having regular massages for about 20 years.  I met Audrey about 2 years ago and she is now the only one to work on my aches and pains. I had surgery 2 years ago, Audrey helped me recover sooner and with less pain.  If you haven't had a massage by Audrey, you are missing out.  Number 1 in my book!
5	I have been receiving treatment from Audrey for about 2 years, and I am amazed at the results.  During this time, she has helped manage my chronic neck pain and has   healed several other chronic conditions, including tendinitis in my elbow, lower back pain and sciatica.  The sciatica has been the most troublesome, and I tried several other treatments before seeing Audrey.  Only after receiving treatments from Audrey did I start to get any relief. Two of the most impressive things about Audrey are her breadth of  healthcare knowledge and her memory of my specific issues.  She remembers the details from one session to the next and offers advise on nutrition and other modes of treatment to improve my health.Audrey truly is concerned with improving my health and has a warm, caring spirit.  She has been a blessing to me!
5	Audrey is the best ! I do a great job of tearing up my body & depend an Audrey to put me back together. A year ago I had major back pain & was having chiropractic care when I was referred to her for a deep massage. I was hooked thereafter! Audrey isn't a typical massage therapist, she really understands the body & can find the root causes of your pain. Love it & 100% recommend it!
5	Audrey is the best ! I do a great job of tearing up my body & depend an Audrey to put me back together. A year ago I had major back pain & was having chiropractic care when I was referred to her for a deep massage. I was hooked thereafter! Audrey isn't a typical massage therapist, she really understands the body & can find the root causes of your pain. Love it & 100% recommend it!
5	You are missing out if you haven't had a massage at ALW Massage Therapy.  They are awesome and their new location is beautiful!
5	This is the place for massage. Audrey has been working on me since 2007. she has seen me through 3 car accidents, work related back tension & teenagers. Lol! i know that when i walk in the door she sees my pain and works it out! i highly recommend her to anyone & everyone!
5	Audrey has been my massage therapist for years.  She is great at identifying my primary muscle issues and focusing on those areas in each session.  She does not just give the same massage over and over.  She understands that sometimes my neck is extra tight and sometimes it is my back that needs more work.  I've been to many massage therapists and Audrey is one of the best.  I highly recommend her.
5	I just spent the weekend moving to a new apartment (2nd floor) and my body felt like one of Mike Tyson's punching bags. All of my muscles were tense and tight. I needed a massage. But not just any kind of massage, but deep tissue therapeutic holistic massage. I went to ALW Massage Therapy and I couldn't be any happier. My session was with Master massage therapist Rachel. She really took care of me. The relaxing atmosphere, soothing music, and fragrant oils were wonderful. I felt like Caesar in Ancient Rome.I went in with knots and strains and after one hour all the tension I had been feeling from moving all of those boxes was GONE. Now I have the grace of a synchronized swimmer.This was the BEST massage that I have had in years.
5	I loved my experience at ALW! They were very prompt & my massage took up a full hour (unlike the 45 minute massages at massage envy that they SAY is an hour).Audrey has magical hands. I could tell she has a lot of experience. She knew exactly how to handle my tense muscles. I came in with a migraine & knots all over my back and left floating on a cloud of relaxation & peace. Migraine gone, knots gone, everything did!What a fancy experience.
5	ALW is amazing!!! Audrey truly is a great massage therapist! They are true to therr word when it comes to time too. 30 minutes means, 30 minutes! 60 minutes, means 60 minutes. This is an awesome place! :)
5	I have visited ALW massage several times and each one has been a great experience. While many massage therapy places ask you what you are experiencing, ALW actually listens and the massage is catered to your individual needs. The location is clean and professional and the staff is always helpful and kind. This is one place I'd highly recommend :)
5	Audrey and Rachel are wonderful! I have had many massage therapists and they are top notch. I love that a 60 minute massage is a 60 minute massage - not 5 minutes to change and 10 minutes on the back of the massage to get up and dressed which leaves only 45 minutes of actual massage. They are great at finding and addressing all of your "problem" areas and do so without the recovery downtime if you have been incorrectly worked over.
5	I have experienced ALW massages several times and all I can say is that all my massages will be done by these wonderful ladies. I am very picky about my massages. First place I have ever fallen asleep. All I can say is I can feel the healing start as soon as my massage starts and feel very energetic for days afterwards.  Well deserved 5 stars!
