5	Incredible aroma when you first walk in the door.  Luiz Oliveira, the creator is genius!  He goes down and buys coffee beans from Brazil and roast them on property, what a concept!  You will not be disappointed.
5	This is my new favorite coffee spot on the strip! The customer service is amazing! I asked their barista about the coffee and then found out he was the head roaster, he introduced himself as Cedric and then explained the different types of coffee they had. I'm so thankful he was more than willing to tell me about their teas etc because I couldn't decide and even made some get suggestions! I got there signature drinks, it was way better than Starbucks. I'll definitely be back!
5	I love the Nutella latte it is awesome! The barista is amazing and does a really nice presentation, he drew my name on the latte pretty impressive designs too. Do not waste your money at Starbucks, this place is the best!!!
5	I'm a coffee snob and this is the best coffee on the strip. They do a great traditional macchiato
5	I came to Vegas with Sambalatte on my itinerary and had planned to try out the flat white, cortado, and nutella latte.  However, my first day I ordered their flat white and got stuck on it.  It's so good! I've never tried a flat white and did a search on Yelp and didn't find any in Houston (I did find cortados in Houston though), so I made this a priority.The drink is probably around 6 oz. They recommended this with whole milk and so I went with it. The foam is evenly distributed throughout the drink, so it tastes really creamy. I had no need to add anything to this drink - no sweeteners, nothing. It really was perfect. It doesn't come out piping hot and no scalded milk taste here. It was smooth and indulgent. I really still can't get over this place. I wish they had a store in Houston! I'll make it a priority to try their nutella latte and cortado the next time I'm here, but not without ordering my flat white first.
2	I will start off by saying that this is excellent coffee and the times I've visited the lattes have been delicious.  The last time I visited I really got shortchanged on what by all accounts is an expensive latte. The top of the foam was an inch below the top of the cup and of course the actual drink is another inch below that - so what I got was a half cup of latte. My wife's was slightly better but only slightly.  I can understand a new barista that doesn't quite have the ratio down, but for the price the drink should have been replaced. Instead, it was dropped off on the counter and the staff member bolted.  I will probably give this location another shot, but was unimpressed this go-round.
5	Always get a sugar free latte. Sooo good. I love the long pours for the espresso shots. Staff is always pleasant and chatty. Also, they have a terrific patio on the new Monte Carlo plaza to sit and enjoy your drink outside while people watching.
5	Love this place. Escape from the mundane corporate world of Starbucks coffee which is around every corner here on the strip. Their coffee is for serious drinker. The atmosphere is great, awesome Brazilian samba music in the back ground. The staff is nice and efficient, place is very clean, and had an outlet at every table.. Definitely recommended!!
5	My bestfriend is a barista, and she fell in love with this place!!! We tried their Nutella desert, OMG it was to die for.We sat outside enjoyed our iced mocha latte, with our desert Nutella, and people watched. The patio is so love to just sit and enjoy :)The most authentic feel of a coffee house I've felt in a long time! Most unique I love having coffee here
4	I stay at the Monte Carlo quite often and it's always been McDonald or SBux at the food court in the morning for me.  Sambalatte is definitely a nice option to have in the new outdoor area of MC.A gourmet cafe, Sambalatte serves up espresso drinks and single origin, via pour or vacuum.  Got to watch the barista make the vacuum coffee several times.  It does take awhile and it is best to ask baristas on the single origin they have for the day.  My go-to here is the iced latte.  Espresso here is great and love the milk they use here.  Milk is very milky but the flavors of the espresso still comes through.There's also some food items, but selection's not too big.  Ham & cheese croissant is great and the chocolate croissant is tasty when warmed up.  I do find myself getting food at McD after getting a drink here though.Price is definitely on the pricey side.  A large iced latte and a ham&cheese croissant is over $14.  Was pretty shocked, but it's to be expected.  What's not overpriced in Vegas, especially on the Strip?
5	I think its great that the Strip casinos are finally starting to bring in successful Las Vegas businesses rather than plugging in foreign concepts. I arrived at Sambalatte on a Saturday morning after strolling through Monte Carlo's new "Park" concept. I do have to say that it is a pleasant environment with small cascading waterfalls and trees providing shade and a buffer from all the traffic on the Strip. Sambalatte offers lots of seating both inside the cafe and outside (great for killing time and people watching). I redeemed an offer from MGM's My Vegas Slots facebook game for 2:1 drinks at Sambalatte. *Note* If you are redeeming rewards, you have to go to the mLife players card desk first to unlock the offer. Prices were high, but not unusually so for a Strip facility. I got a large iced americano that came out to be $5. The menu had lots of other latte options, teas, smoothies and single-origin coffee too. Overall, I was very impressed with the ambiance/atmosphere of the place, and will be making this my go-to coffee spot on the strip for future trips.
5	The only coffee shop worth going to on the strip. Real espresso drinks and great ambience. They are the only place in town that can actually brew with Chemex, pour over, aero press, and the new Steampunk.
5	I think I've just found a place to work.This Sambalatte location is amazing. It's facing to the Strip but not too crowded. They even have the power outlets on the walls and some tables.Their espresso drink is consistently great every time, which is massively important to me. I would happily pay $5 here than $4.5 for other Starbucks locations on the Strip.Sambalatte, BLVD Creamery, 800 Degrees Pizza, Yusho... all these new places add values to this area and I find myself visiting Monte Carlo far more often. And Sambalatte is on top of the list.
4	After the tiring walk in the heated sun when it's 100 degrees everywhere you go, coming here was the best thing ever. It's a pretty long coffee shop connected to the Monte Carlo as this is one of the few shops that are brand new to the Monte Carlo. It was pretty empty when we came here to get two drinks but I did like the modern design and the comfortness to the place. I thought it was cool to have many seating including a long table that provides you to charge your laptops,ipads, and such while drinking their coffee.Regardless I was impressed by their Nutella ice coffee which I really enjoy. It came to a surprise to me as I haven't find many places where I actually enjoy coffee and SPECIFICALLY ice coffee. They added the perfect amount of sweetness to the drink in which it wasn't too sweet and it wasn't under sweat. It was really refreshing and different as I never had a Nutella ICE coffee. Not to mention, it doesn't leave a bad after taste to my mouth(meaning that they use great coffee beans) like *COUGH STARBUCKS COUGH*. But really, Sambalatte's ice nutella coffee was a surprise that might be one of my to go to places whenever I come back to Vegas(hopefully soon :P cause I miss Vegas already).
4	There is a lot of Starbucks and a lot of mediocre coffee on the strip. Sambalatte is definitely the best coffee option around. While it feels a little like a contrived "Vegas-style" interpretation of a 3rd-wave coffee shop, they actually have pretty good coffee and also know how to handle espresso drinks much better than anything else around.The also have a decent number of small tables where you could work/read in peace and quiet from bells and lights of the casinos.If this place were in SF I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but in vegas I definitely would.
4	My sanity in this wild city is this coffee shop. I generally crash at the Monte Carlo for my work trips as I find it is the perfect combination of getting the Vegas experience while still being about to step away from it. And the addition of Sambalatte to the resort made that element of my stay even better. My early mornings were spent here to plug away with some pre work computer hours. Plenty of plugs ins, good seating, friendly staff. They have seating outside as well which I didn't use but many others seem to enjoy. I ordered my go to almond milt latte which could have used an added shot of espresso and all three days I was there they were out of oatmeal which was one of their only breakfast options that wasn't baked and coated in sugar. So I was able to get work done but didn't quite fulfill my breakfast fix. 4 stars for ambiance and convenience. This place could make a few tweaks and earn that fifth star. I will definitely be back on my next work trip to see for myself !
4	Great Flat White coffee served just right in 6oz china.cups with art work. Pricy at $4.75 but worth the trip down the Strip
5	Been here several times. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Try the ham and brie baguette. I also really enjoyed the Nutella latte.
4	Beautiful interior, helpful staff, the iced coffee was overpriced but expected.Honestly, the interior of Sambalatte was the best part, I wanted to spend more time there because it was really well designed and very "not casino looking" which was nice after spending the night in one.  My large iced coffee with soy was around $6 with tip, but as it was, after a Vegas night, I think anyone will spend that or more on coffee.  The line wasn't crowded before 9 a.m. and there were many options for breakfast as well.  If you creep on others near your table, watch for flasks trying a little hair of the dog.
3	Iced white mocha latte, and mocha frozen frappe were good, especially on such a hot day, but they cost a pretty penny.  Luckily, I had a buy 1 get 1 free offer from Monte Carlo, otherwise would not have been thrilled to pay $11 for two small drinks.Service was so-so.  I expected more to be honest.  It's a brand new place, it's a coffee-shop and it's Vegas: all that should translate into a really positive and friendly attitude from staff but the guy serving me had no personality.Place was very nice and spacious but empty, both inside and the patio section.  The experience was not extraordinary enough to justify the price and with many alternatives barely minutes away, I'm not sure if I'll be returning without another incentive.   Ideally a 3.5 but rounding down since I didn't think it was that special, and rounding up to 4 would give the impression that I did!
5	Love the focus on good coffee here. From the Steampunk to the ice coffee. It's all been fantastic. Today they couldn't make my original order because a machine went down so the backup they offered was a Chemex brew. Staff have been incredible. Friendly, professional, and skilledHonestly, proximity to Sambalatte is going to be the deciding factor for my hotel choices in the future.
5	This a great coffee place for people who really enjoy good coffee, if your Aussie and miss the coffee this is the place.....
4	Our favorite drink that we always get here is the nutella coffee. We've tried so many of them everywhere and this one is the most satisfying. It has a super rich coffee flavor and is not overly sweet. Very reasonable prices too!P.S. It is on the Strip right outside of Monte Carlo near the ice cream BLVD Creamery.
3	Just okay.  The coffee wasn't that great and some of the staff, although friendly, did not really seem like they knew what they were doing.  I wanted to try their veggie fritata but was told that they would no longer be serving it, even though it was written with chalk on their board.  I understand taking things off the menu that are more trouble than they are worth, but how hard is it to erase it off of the board?  I didn't think any of their pre-made sandwiches were worth the price tag they were toting, so I can't say anything about the food.Really nice outdoor seating area where I was able to catch up on some leisure reading, and great location.
5	I'm from Southern Cali and I consider myself a  connoisseur of coffee and let me say that their Nutella Soy Latte is exquisite!!!!  Will DEF come back for it!!! Happy Happy Camper :D
3	Beautiful store, big and great decoration, great customer service but, the same problem of the Jones location: you order one thing  and they serve other item and the coffee don't taste like coffee, very lite flavor ... And nutella?
5	I am a coffee lover - not the FuFu coffee like drinks, but real coffee... Yes, I am a coffee snob.... :D While in Vegas we enjoyed their delicious fresh roasted, freshly brewed coffee. It's rich, robust and full bodied - just like my wine.... I had cappuccino and regular brewed coffee. Both were delicious. I  also had their veggie quiche - it was light, fluffy and filled with veggies. I loved that place so much, I bought a few coffee mugs and a stainless cold cup. I'm hooked. The outdoor seating area is comfortable and cozy with a few outdoor lounge chairs and sofas, a huge chess set and tables with chairs. Early morning coffee and people watching by the water works made for a perfect start to my mornings. It's my new Vegas,  morning coffee spot. I wish we had one in Sacramento.
3	Brewed coffee is no better than Charbucks; meh...might need to go for the crafted drinks to find the five star value
4	I have been here many times and anything I ever tried was awesome, can't go wrong here with any coffee beverage you may want. The reason why I couldn't give it 5 stars is that every time i tried to get a seat outside, was not possible, other than that I can say that I always go there with pleasure.
3	This a moderate price but the coffee is worth it. Not bad for a quick drink and sit out side enjoying the fresh air
5	First time here. The hubby and I ordered Nutella lattes, veggie quiche, and a ham and cheese croissant. They messed up our order and just gave us a regular latte. I was totally expecting a little disappointment for their efforts, but guess what they graciously fixed it without hesitation and made our requested Nutella latte without any fuss. I highly recommend this place. That is why I'm giving the 5 stars!
5	WOW! What a terrific find this place turned out to be.  During our recent trip to Las Vegas, we decided to stay at the Monte Carlo and low and behold this little gem of a coffee shop was right downstairs off the casino floor.  After a long trip in the day before, including a late night show it was time for a quick pick me up.  We headed downstairs to Samablatte and decided to order a couple of drinks to help wake up a bit along with a couple of pastries for a light breakfast.  The staff here is very friendly and the menu is as diverse as they come for these type of places.  They offer everything from your standard drip coffees to blended drinks, teas, smoothies, pastries, sandwiches etc...My wife went with the hot mocha and a scone while I opted for the hot white mocha and a apple turnover style pastry.  The drinks were FANTASTIC and definitely hit the spot (although I wish they were a bit bigger or came in multiple sizes).  My wife thought her scone was OK but the apple turnover was really good and filled with lots of apple.  Normally we are not big connoisseurs of the hot drinks but these were really good.  So much so that a return trip was made the next morning prior to our departure back home.Trip two saw my wife get the same drink again but this time I went with the Penguin Hot Chocolate (White and Milk Chocolates).  This could possible have been the greatest hot chocolate I have ever had if not the best in all mankind, a definite recommendation.  The place has a great vibe to it, plenty of seating (both indoors and out) and is the perfect place to come down and hang out with a laptop and utilize the WiFi (only available on two floors of the Monte Carlo).  We are already missing this place bunches and will definitely be back here again  the next time we are in town.  My only regret is not trying it the day we got in as I would have loved to have tried the blended drinks or the incredible smoothie that was also on the menu.  If you love coffee then try this place out, it;s more than worth the trip.
5	On my last few trips to Vegas I've had a really difficult time finding good coffee on the strip. This time, after being underwhelmed by Jean Philippe Patisserie, I decided to give this place a try. I was not disappointed.The cafe is spacious with ample seating both inside and out and has a nice ambiance to it. They had their Fall decorations out--pumpkins and such. It was bustling with activity when I came by at 8 am, and they had a lively Latin beat playing to boot.I ordered a Steampunk coffee with one of their featured Kenyan blends. It was a bit pricey at $5.25, but it had a great flavor with lots of body and a nice mouth feel to it. I also tried one of their espressos, and it tasted fresh and had a beautiful crema on it.The staff was super friendly, though I suppose the guy at the counter could have been a bit more knowledgeable--he seemed to have some difficulty explaining to me how Steampunk coffee works.All in all it was a great experience, and I haven't found a better coffee place on the strip.
5	What a wonderful find in famous Las Vegas. We were fortunate enough to have it right inside the Monte Carlo, where we stayed during this trip. We had gone in here before our loooong walk for the day and it was crisp and cool outside. (Something I have been longing for during the last seven months in So. Cal. ) I decided to go with a hot mocha which is extremely rare. I will rarely choose a hot drink even if it's cool. My husband went with a white hot mocha. Just like most coffee stops, they offer your drip coffees, mochas, teas, hot chocolates, smoothies, etc. They also have different sandwiches and pastries like your normal coffee shop. I got a blueberry scone, and my husband got an apple turnover. The ambiance was very nice and relaxing in my opinion. The cost was a bit more but that is to be expected in Vegas, inside a hotel especially. While the drinks were small, they were delicious. Personally, it's one of the best mochas I have had. The major downfall of this is that now that I am home I can't find a good comparison and it is becoming quite disappointing. Why do you have to be so far, Sambalatte???? I found the blueberry scone to taste good but it was a little dry. I know most scones are, but I have had one or two that were not in my life time. My husband really liked his apple turnover. So of course we came back the next day before leaving. Nothing else jumped out at me after having a mocha that I liked so much so I got another hot mocha, but had it there. My husband had the penguin hot chocolate and feels that it is one of the best that he has ever had. I hope that he can find something similar at home somewhere. Another bad thing for us is that we found out after the fact that we could have used our $35 free food or drink credit from the Monte Carlo here. Darn it! Lesson learned.Again, why do you have to be so far? I love you so!
3	Sambalatte... what I can I say about you? I wanted this to be THE SPOT I could go to on The Strip to get real coffee. The setup is there. Plenty of interesting brewing methods, single-origins, etc. However when I visited, none of that equipment was available or in use. Just regular old coffee or espresso. And the espresso was serviceable - better than the 'bux, but nothing extraordinary. There are plenty of spots to sit and enjoy your okay coffee, however inside and outside areas both have music playing fairly loud. Which makes it not a great place if you're trying to get work done and need to make any phone calls. I think this is just the style of the strip, though. No respite from the 24/7 party. Overall I'd return here given the alternate options in the area, but aside from that, not a fave.
5	I just came from Sambalatte.  I ordered the Nutella latte.  It is delicious - not too sweet with great espresso.  The reason this coffee shop deserves five stars is the service.  When I ordered, I was not clear that I wanted a Nutella latte and there was a misunderstanding.  My brother, who was with me and ordered a Nutella latte, noticed I paid less than him.  I looked at my receipt and I just paid for a regular latte.  I quickly went over, hoping I could stop them before they made my drink.  The lady at the cashier was so kind.  Although they were almost done making the normal latte, she said they could make me a Nutella latte.  I offered to pay for the extra (meaning the Nutella syrup) and she told me to not worry about it.  I was so happy.So for a great latte and awesome service, check out Sambalatte.
4	I love love love the coffee. Tried their Nutella latte with Almond croissant...yummmmy . Its my last day today here & will do the last coffee again. Please open your lication in SF too.
4	Very nice ambiance inside the cafe. I ordered hot chocolate during the evening. It was very delicious. They also sell tea, coffee, other hot chocolates. The staff are nice and polite. This place accepts MLife points.
5	Being that I usually stay at Monte Carlo, I sure am glad this little spot is just downstairs.  Just a few steps before hitting the strip, it makes your day so much better! I don't need to wander off in search of any other coffee shop aside from Sambalatte. The inside of the place is cozy, clean and has plenty of seats available (inside and outside). It for sure is a quiet coffee shop that can give you a few minutes of joy before going off to gamble or shop (free Wifi too!). The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable of their coffees, they do happen to have a lot of different beans from around the world. And their coffees is also very delicious. I love the fact that it wasn't drowned in syrups and sugars. I like my strong and bold coffee to have a coffee taste. The espresso was simply one of the best I've had. They also have teas and smoothies and a few pastries available.
3	We love Sambalatte but tonight was depressing. Hours say open to 10 but they are closed at 5!! can't do that in a 24 hour town like Vegas... Especially at your strip location!
2	A local out enjoying the strip while the tourists are home, purposely stopped by Monte Carlo for a Nutella latte at Sambalatte-it's 5:21 pm and they're CLOSED!! WTH? How does a coffee cafe on the strip in Las Vegas ever close?? Meanwhile, Starbucks has TWO (2) locations around the MC and both are open and have customers. Sambalatte offers way better product-a shame they don't like to stay open.
