5	I have found the mecca for beautiful glass gifts for my mom, mother in law, any lady in my life would love anything from this shop!  They specialize in Fenton glass, and many other glass makers.  I cannot wait to return to actually start my Christmas shopping early, as they will have a Christmas in July sale, and I have spotted what I will get my mom and mother in law! Some of the items are antiques, and some are recreated of antiques I am familiar with from my family's collections.  Whenever you're in historic Glendale, step into this shop and just browse and enjoy!
5	This is a wonderful glass collectibles gift store, hidden far away from the mall and big strip centers.  Park right at the front door, walk in and shop for hours.  They have everything in glass you would ever need and then some.  I love snow globes and that is what first brought me to Glass Creations - but I keep going back whenever I want something truly special and different to give as a keepsake gift.  The owner is very pleasant and helpful.  She even arranges shipping for out of town gifts.  Love it!!  Be sure to visit during the Christmas season and see some fabulous holiday decor.  Can't wait for it to be winter again.
5	Glass Creations is one of the most beautiful stores. Not only does it have beautiful glass, but they also specialize in beads, purses, and art. Owners are extremely friendly and helpful. A great place to buy gifts or something for yourself. They always have the latest in holiday trends. Bought my first Christmas gift here, and plan on going back.
5	Love this shop! They have some great stuff here. I searched all day for a specific item and I finally found it here. Last shop I went to and the most friendly and helpful customer service. Joann was so helpful and so kind. I didn't buy the item the first time I was in because I wanted to do a bit more research but I ended up going back because I wanted to give this place my business. They also offered to order a piece for me they didn't have in stock. I would recommend this place to anyone!
