5	This is the real deal! Having traveled to Thailand and having lived in the San Francisco Bay Area, let me just say that the reality is Thai restaurants in the valley were lacking in authenticity. Sure, I could find some neighborhood Thai joints that satisfied my craving for the sweet and spicy flavors of Thailand, but it wasn't until I had dinner last night at Soi 4 that I remembered what Thai food really tastes like! Don't be put off by the upscale location and mod decor. That's not reflected in the prices! Once we were seated, Dee, the owner, came to greet us, explained the menu and answered our questions. She was absolutely delightful as she pointed out their specialties. It is such a rarity that the owner takes the time to introduce him or herself, that we were impressed from the start. A must . . . the sauteed steamed turnip cake with egg, bean sprouts, and chives served with Sriracha sauce on the side (kanom pak gard). Had we not had the guidance of Dee, we most certainly would have passed this up on the appetizer menu. Wow! An explosion of flavors -- sweet, spicy, textured. I could make a meal on this alone. The Golden pouches of crab and pork served with sweet Thai dipping (toong tong) are a home run, too. We ordered two salads, both of which were fresh, scented, and full of flavor. They can easily be shared by two or three people. The Grilled eggplant salad with minced chicken & prawns topped with lime, coconut dressing (yum makuer yao) is my new favorite salad. I'm a huge fan of eggplant, although I recently learned it has very little nutrition content :( We all wanted the Pad Thai as our entree, so we ordered two. It hearkened back to the Pad Thai we had throughout our trip to Thailand a few years back, when I was surprised to learn that real Pad Thai was not orangey-red and covered with peanuts! Just a few comments about the cocktails -- top notch! I had the Full Moon (Ginger vodka, pear nectar and cranberry) which was full of grating of real ginger - amazing! My husband had the Mango Cosmo which he thought was equally as good. Service was so-so, but I have to overlook that on this occasion because Soi 4 has been open less than a month and it appeared that some of the staff was just learning the ropes and didn't quite have the menu down. They were otherwise pleasant and patient, gave us plenty of time to just sit and chat before ordering. I can't wait to go back to try some of the other small plate and entree dishes. This won't disappoint! "khorb khun" for a yummy dining experience!
5	I have been to Soi 4 twice now!  Very excited that this place in in the valley, as it is always hard to find good Thai food once you leave either of the coasts.  This place has very tasty food and the restaurant is beautiful, chic and romantic, but not so much so that you're intimidated by it.  It has a good mix of casual flare.  Check it out!  The fried bananas with coconut ice cream and honey are especially memorable.
5	Excellent Thai, not the typical selections you see at most Thai places. Decor and overall atmosphere very hip. Prices are reasonable for what is truly an Asian gourmet meal.
4	We got off to a rocky start, they were overwhelmed by their newfound success on a Saturday night.  We sat down and waited and waited and waited for someone, anyone to acknowledge our existence.  We were the only Asian folk there but I guess we're not their target audience...Just before we were about to leave they at least brought water - which had a bug in it.  Oh Well, it did just open so we ordered away.  The food is very good and nicely spicy.  The apps are excellent and the menu variety is nice and interesting.  My Thai wife approved.  The space is beautiful and let's face it the rent in Gainey village must be astronomical which explains their higher prices.(they even charge for rice - our sticky rice was old)  Once they iron out their service issues it should get much better.  I can get Thai food nearly as good for cheaper in Chandler where I live but for a date night out this place will do nicely.
4	Wonderfully different Thai restaurant in the heart of Scottsdale. I've been eating Thai food for 30 years all over the country and this one still had surprises for me. One cautionary - it can get pricey. Two of us at lunch, 1 appetizer (the turnip cakes are awesome) and 2 dishes was too much food (suggest 2 appetizers and 1 dish for solid eaters) and was a $40 total after tax and tip and only tea. BTW, it's towards the north end of the Gainey Center.
4	Easily capable of 5 stars I will hold that rating until after visiting again. The staff is great. The hostess/owner is a jewel in the dining room frequenting tables and graciously offering a beaming smile. The food is wonderful. Hitting all the right notes of Thai cuisine. The decor is beautiful and the seating invites conversation with neighbors, who I may add were warn and charming. We will be back.
3	Food:  3.5 starsService:  3.0 starsValue:  3.0 starsFinally a Thai place in N. Scottsdale that I could see going to as a regular.  After living in the Bay Area and hearing good things about their Oakland location, I decided that I'd waited long enough for this new place to get their ops up and running.  First impressions:  the remodeling of the space was well done.  It's got a small but cozy patio and a long, streamlined bar and dining area. Pretty good food, but needs consistency and some quality checks.  The menu consists of a good mix of traditional Thai with a modern twist while also offering a few of the fall-back dishes for the less adventurous.  Service was mixed with some being very helpful and others not-as much.    Will be interesting to see how this place does over the next few months.  With a few tweaks this place could do really well.
4	Oh great, another Thai restaurant, I thought to myself when I noticed the sign going up for Soi 4 located in Scottsdale's Shops at Gainey Village. There are so many new Thai restaurants popping up all over the valley, I have a hard time keeping up. The problem is that so many of them, more or less, have the same offerings and while Soi 4's menu is seemingly traditional, it's both modern and engaging. It's sister restaurant in Oakland, Ca was voted as one of the Bay areas best, seems they have some big shoes to fill. Fortunately for me my dining companion is originally from Thailand. She brought her knowledge of Thai cooking which in turn gave Soi 4 street cred. We both fell in love with many of the dishes from the Keow Wan Roti ($8) a pan-fried Indian bread with grilled skirt steak and an out of this world Kao Pad Pu or crab fried rice ($10).More love came from an order of Miang Kum ($7). Eaten like a taco, the "meat" is made from roasted coconut, prawns, pomelo, fresh herbs, and sweet palm then is placed on a mustard leaf. These were so light yet bursting with flavorful complexity. I know it's typical, but ordering Pad Thai ($12) is a must, if they can't get this one right, well they have no chance. Soi 4's version was no disappointment, the noodles were nice and springy, the stir-fried jumbo prawns were tender and combined with tofu, egg and bean sprouts, it's worth mentioning and ordering.Of all the dishes that were tried, the Kang Kua Mu ($13) was my absolute favorite. They take pork shoulder then braise it in coconut milk, add kabocha squash, aka Japanese pumpkin, and Thai basil with a bit of tangy red curry. After a single bite I wanted to keep this one all to myself, tender and flavorful with just the right amount of heat.Not all was perfect on our virtual trip to Thailand.  The Kana Mu Grob ($10) which is made up of Chinese broccoli and crispy pork belly with chili-garlic sauce. It's too bad that the belly was dried out and chewy. Pork belly when done right is so succulent and tender, even when it's crisped up its mouth-watering good.  We simply ate around the pork and enjoyed the broccoli which was tender inside with a slight crunchy exterior. The Sticky Rice ($2) seemed old as it was unwrapped, the ball turned hard almost immediately. The familiar Neur Namtok ($10) or grilled skirt steak salad with fresh herbs, roasted rice, chili, and fresh lime juice, was pretty standard fare, though this version was considerably under dressed. We let them know what we thought about the good and the not so good. I strongly feel that when there is a problem you need to let them know as soon as you can. Your helpful feedback only improves the food and service, most business owners appreciate it. You know what they say, with competition comes innovation and Soi 4's delicious food, striking space and a full bar, I have to agree.
2	I agree with Jan S. that this place has potential.The decor is nice. Not my style, but every restaurant can't be a recreation of Rex Harrison's study in My Fair Lady. I often wonder why restaurants choose to install a sit-down bar when they don't offer any intriguing drinks or a bar experience, per se. If the best liquor you offer can also be purchased at Safeway, just keep it in the back and skip the "bar".The service was pretty good. The server was friendly and seemed knowledgeable about the menu. I witnessed a couple gaffes that can probably be attributed to growing pains.The food... meh. It was average if cheap, but below average for this price point. Most of the plates are around $10-12 for lunch. Our table ordered a paupia yuan (a fresh roll with vegetable and prawns) for an appetizer. It was not very tasteful and the roll completely disintegrated upon biting. Some rolls are meant to be eaten in one bite, but this was cut much too large for that. I ordered the goong ma muang (wok-fried tiger prawns and mango in chili basil sauce). The presentation was not very appealing: a large ball of rice in the corner, and then a big mess of prawns, mango, and lots of onions spread around the plate and drowned in sauce. I dislike onions and was a bit cranky that about half the total mass of this dish was onions, despite not being mentioned on the menu. The flavor combination of the prawns and mango was decent... I just wish more of the dish was that, and not onions. Lots of work needed on preparation and presentation.Overall, this is typical Scottsdale chic... lots of sound and fury, signifying not much more than other, cheaper Thai places.
4	Went back and overall had a better experience:  better food and much better service.  Relieved to see some improvements and think that they will start to build some regular and return customers .Will be back with others to experience good Thai and  hope to see this place continue to pick up business!
2	The place was mobbed and deafening.  Service was awful.  It took 20 minutes to take our drink order and 20 more to get a bottle of wine.  The cute Asian server was totally inept, and knew nothing about the food.The mustard rolls were good, and my husband liked his Pad Thai, other that that, not so good.  The seafood pouches were thick and doughy, the turnip cakes cold and greasy.  My shrimp with tamarid had no tamarid, very sweet sauce, cloying.  I asked for spice level hot, it was so dull an infant could have eaten it.  We'll try it again after the tourist mobs depart and the trend herds run off to another new hot spot.  In the meantime, I'll go back to Nunthaporn in Mesa,  They are as an authentic place as I have found here.
3	This place has potential.....had reservations for 8pm, got there a little after. Our first impression walking through the door, is cool place, sexy atmosphere....we waited to be seated for about ten minutes. The hostess was dealing with an angry customer that thought the wait was too long- she handled it very well and in a professional manner. Waited a looong time for our server, and even longer for drinks. Seemed a little disorganized, and this was obviously our servers first serving job. The food was good, not great....nothing remarkable about the experience. Cool atmosphere, it just opened, so once they work the growing pains out, I might try it again.
4	Gotta say I was impressed by the layout and ambience when I first walked in; chill, modern, and sharp.  I can't say the food captured me as much as I expected.  I like my Thai food strong and bold with an extra kick - more water, sweat drop!  Mama said knock your senses out!  However, I didn't feel it here; decent, but not there yet.  Cheers to the service and the servers, they were good and helpful.  They even let me sample a beer I wasn't too familiar with - Thanks!  I would definitely recommend stopping by to check this place out for HH. - Enjoy!
3	This is a quaint little restaurant tucked away in the Shops at Gainey Village.  I must have passed by it 3 times while my friend watched and laughed....one of those days, I guess.  Very well decorated and mirrors along the sides of the space and loft-like ceilings make it more spacious than it really is.  Staff is courteous, but not clingy, which is nice.I had a chicken yellow curry and my friend had a spicy pork dish.  My curry was nice and spicy, yet very flavorful.  I love the addition of cucumber salad on the side.  It is a very pretty dish. The sweet fried onions sprinkled on top of the curry was a nice touch as well.  It really balanced out how spicy the curry was.  The Thai Milk tea helps with that too.   Will definitely be back for dinner to check out more food!
4	Went for lunch today and have to say I was more than impressed by the flavors of the food.  Shared the shrimp and pork dumplings, had a hot beef dish with vegetables and my friend had diced chicken all really good and both served with rice.  Will go back for sure and try other things.  Service was attentive and the space is very nice...Could see it being loud inside if full as there are allot of hard surfaces..
5	On our second visit to Soi Four, we ordered the mustard leaf wraps for our appetizer. They are a mixture of shrimp, soy sauce, coconut milk, spices and fruit wrapped in mustard leaves. To die for! Very complex, savory, yet light at the same time.  For our second courses we selected Pad-Thai and a rack of lamb with a ginger rub. The Pad-Thai was the best my friend and I have ever had and we have sampled many between both coasts. My rack of lamb was done to perfection with just the right amount of kick. If you enjoy Thai food at it's best, go to Soi Four.
3	Went to lunch at 11:45 and the restaurant was fairly empty. I was joined by two other companions. We ordered salads and "wok-fried fresh tiger prawns and sweet mango in chili-basil sauce". The prawn and mango dish was light and tasty. My salad was too spicy for my tastebuds. By the time we ordered dessert, the restaurant was busy. It took awhile for the waitress to come back and tell us they were out of the dessert that day, which was OK with us, so we asked for our bill Then several minutes later she came over and said they had the dessert and wanted to know what we wanted her to to do with it  We passed on it, but it still remained on our bill and we had to get it taken off.  My  next visit for lunch was a similar experience. Good food, but the waitress got our order wrong, even after I pointed to the item on the menu since she could not understand English. I had to send the food back. Food was good, ambiance is nice, but the service is slow. They need more waitresses, and ones that speak Engllish, as most of us do not speak Thai. I recommend that you go, as the food and atmosphere are pleasing  Just allow time for a leisurely lunch or dinner.
4	This place is great!  Very cool decor, great service, and great food.  The dumplings and the chicken with string beans were delicious!
5	This place is yummy!  I was very impressed with this thai food eatery.  I love the decor, very mod and chic, great date place.The tom ka gai soup was excellent.  Salmon dish was great as well and crispy chicken, basil and green beans with chili was good.  Pricing was not bad at all and the presentation of the food was impressive.I would recommend this place any time!
5	Well in the interest of full disclosure, I will share that I know the owners very well.  But I will say I know this business after 22 years as well if not better so this is a straight up posting.Soi 4 has got it right.  What impresses me more is to see the level of commitment to constantly improve; to offer their guests a better experience every time.  The progress from opening to now is admirable.  The team has gelled an operates like a tight family.  The menu is evolving as Scottsdale patrons provide feedback on home-runs and suggested tweaks.  The beverage program is dynamic and fully considers the food.  The food is dialed in extremely well.  It is authentic Thai with an appropriate nod to North American palates.  It is tough to do without losing the complex flavors of Thai cuisine.  Soi 4 has done it.You can't experience Soi 4 Bangkok Eatery in Bangkok yet you can experience Thailand at Soi 4.  There is something very unique here.  It has captured the essence of what I enjoy most about Thai food and the culture.  Yet it delivers it in a way that defines itself separately.  Hence the 5th star.  The place is cool, modern with numerous design elements that seem to keep it always-new.  Credit to the architect and family for capturing the essence of Thai culture and their own hip vibe.  This is a place where you can be comfortable is warm weather attire or in your urban duds for a night on the town.  The diversity of clientele is very interesting.  And I believe the undeniable quality is the common thread here.Be sure to reach out to the owners when dining there.  They'll quickly welcome you into the Soi 4 family.  You and perhaps more importantly, your belly will be very glad you did.
2	I had the Pad See Ew.  It was pretty mediocre - too sweet, slight burnt taste and not very flavorful.  Food presentation was lousy, just dumped on the plate without garnish.  Service was indifferent, even though there were few customers.  There are much better and still authentic Thai restaurants in town.
4	The fact that I dined with a professional banquet chef provides some credence to "our" opinion. The service was more than professional - it was personal. OK, Phoenix, do you have an idea what that really is? The owner came out and said  "hello" and welcomed us.  Then he brought his wife out to say hello ( she is the kitchen magician that oversees the food in all their restaurants). Our server was very attentive and recommended the top dishes for us to try. We ended up with 5 small plates and dessert. Wine included we spent under $100 and had a very memorable experience. We love the variety of dipping sauces with each serving and the power of flavors that intertwined with the next course. If you are a true food lover ( far and above a "foodie") then you should experience the power of Soi 4. Remember to take your time - don't be rushed and live in the moment of the flavors. One of my favorite places.
5	Wow!  I have experienced some wonderful Thai joints in my life, but this is one of the best.  First, the food.  It is tremendous and the clarity of flavor is amazing.  I have been trying to work my way through the menu for several months now, but always seem to come back to the short rib panang (panang neur).  The short rib is always moist and lean and the curry has just the right amount of heat.  Order it, you will not be disappointed!  In addition, you can't go wrong with the pad ke mao (spicy skirt steak with wide noodles) or the pad se ew (noodles with pork).  They also have numerous vegetarian options, if that is your particular flavor.  I have not quite made it away from the proteins.  I understand that they have a fairly decent happy hour, although I haven't had an opportunity to experience it yet.   On to the decor.  Sandwiched in between boutiques in Gainey Village the owners had their job ahead of them.  I understand that Wendall Burnette was the designer (who also designed St. Francis Place in central Phoenix), and the minimalism definitely comes through.  The place looks great, but it is not what I would necessarily describe as comfortable. Perhaps as the restaurant gets broken in it will soften a bit.  The service - I have visited the restaurant four of five times and have no complaints.  The servers are more than happy to assist with any questions regarding the menu and will definitely give you recommendations based upon your own personal preferences. All you have to do is ask.
4	Yum Yum Yum!! Had an overall good experience all around. Couldn't resist trying the indian bread with steak and mustard leaf wraps--they're as good as everyone says. Everything was sooo full of flavor. Can't wait to go back!!!
3	Too expensive considering the overall experience. Food was good but nothing to rave about. Menu is very non traditional.The peanut sauce was good, and so was the eggplant dish I ordered . I just feel that considering the amount of food we ate: 3 appetizers, one salad to share, two entrees, one glass of wine, one desert  for $ 76 is pretty steep in my opinion. Service was friendly and efficient.
4	We spotted this place after dinner at Chez Vous, and decided to check it out the very next day, and so glad we did! It was a slow saturday, only a few people when we arrived, very quite and chill environment, i absolutely loved the contemporary deco! We shared a spicy pork dish with asparagus, and a green curry plate with tofu and veggies. Both dishes were very flavorful, but the pork dish came in a bit less warm than we expected, and if only there was more juice/soup in that curry, we wouldn't have to dig for it. But overall the food was really good, and excellent services! We'd love to go back to explore some more!
5	After driving past this place a couple times, I finally decided to stumble in.  I was very happy with the service and the food. I highly recommend the coconut soup, it's to die for.  The presentation of my salmon dish was picture perfect. Love this place!
4	First time there.  It was a Sunday night so the wine was 1/2 off which made us very happy.  Food was excellent.  Had the pad thai and a shrimp and scallops dish.  My only complaint is that it was really hot seated near the window as the sun was going down.  We didn't linger as a result.
5	This place is my new favorite...everything on the menu is really delicious!  I keep going back and trying different things and continue to be happy.  The food is kind of traditional but very high quality...no funny meat here...The short rib panang Neur...is my favorite as is the port shoulder!  I love the sticky rice!!!I only wish there was an Indian restaurant with these standards in our town:(
5	Very good food.  Hip, cool decor.  Unfortunately, it wasn't very busy when we were there.  Hope it makes it.
1	No good!!
4	Was not satisfied first trip, service was awful and place was deafening.  But we thought food was worth trying again.  So, now that the place has been open and matured it is much better.  Our sever was good, the place was about 1/2 empty which made the noise level much more bearable.Food, very good.  Not chicago family run good, but for the valley very good.I asked for my shrimp to be spicy and it was.  Hsb can't handle so hot and his curried duck was mild as requested.  The mustard wraps, unusual and tasty.  Hsb loved the peanut sauce.  Chicken and lemongrass salad, good flavors.  We will be back.
4	The food is very good and the decor is nice.  Unfortunately, the service doesn't follow.  Our waiter messed up our order multiple times.  The bartender knows absolutely nothing about wine - don't ask for his recommendations.  The hostess is totally clueless.  The kitchen is the key, not the front of the house.   Looks like they need to totally rethink the staff outside of the kitchen.  Go and enjoy but don't be surprised to be frustrated.
5	This must be one of the biggest restaurant secrets in Scottsdale.  I can't believe that Soi 4 isn't packed at all hours.  The food here is truly great.  If you're wary of spice, the kitchen can whip up mild iterations of dishes - if you're adept at eating the spicy goodness that has been bestowed upon us, the chef is proficient at adding those flavors to the food too.I highly recommend starting off with the mustard leaf wrapped prawns.  Don't fool yourself into thinking that you're ordering lettuce wraps.  The sweet-spicy combo, and the Thai chilies are all unbelievable.  I have never had anything similar anywhere else.  In addition to the mustard leaf wrap appetizer, the Pad Se Ew and the yellow curry chicken are also phenomenal.   Even without having eaten more than six or seven different dishes on the menu, this has become one of my favorite restaurants to go to.
4	I am in Phoenix for work and my brother (who lives here) took me here for dinner tonight. I am from Minneapolis (Uptown to be specific) and we have a solid Thai scene in the area. Soi 4 would fit right in. I got the panang Neur (braised pork ribs and veggies in a spicy sauce) and it packed the perfect amount of heat. Not hot to the point where I couldn't enjoy the flavor, but my nose was running... and that is a good sign. DELICIOUS! My brother and sis-in-law love the pumpkin curry. This was my first time having it and it was amazing. The flavor is so unfamiliar but uniquely delicious at the same time. There are actual chunks of pumpkin in the dish which add an amazing textural element. (Okay, with that last comment I feel I'm getting a little too "foodie" but there's really no other way to put it.... just order it and see for yourself). I will be coming back the next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	Great food, good service, cool place.  Overall the prices are so-so.  Certain dishes are definitely disproportionately expensive, and too small portioned.  But other dishes (like the roast issan chicken) are a great value, so it's a mixed bag.  Have gone for lunch a few times and enjoyed it very much, and stopped by for happy hour once a few weeks ago with friends.  Not going to lie, the drinks are overpriced. Period.  During happy hour, drinks revert from overpriced to acceptable, but not what you'd consider a happy hour "deal."  That being said, their drinks are unique, strong, and damn good.  Skip the happy hour apps though.  We tried nearly all of them, and for some reason, they were a far cry from the quality of their standard dishes.  Overall we still like the place and it makes a nice every-once-in-a-while lunch for people who work in the area, and a good place to grab a few drinks on pay day.
5	Love the feel of this place.The mushroom/oyster soup is not to be missed. Good seasoning/taste.Get in on the clay pot with prawns as well.
5	First time at this spot just outside Gainey Ranch, but the food was amazing.  We shared an appetizer and then each chose an entree to split family style.  Everything surpassed our expectations (including the service).  We ordered 'Miang Kum' which are fresh cut mustard leaf wrap of roasted coconut, shrimp and sweet palm.  The main courses, though, were what is going to keep us coming back: 'Panang Neur'  which was panang red curry with beef short ribs;  'Kang Gari' the roasted chicken in yellow curry; and the pineapple fried rice.
5	I stumbled upon this place because the Mariee bridal salon I wanted to check out was closed.  Absolutely shocked at how delicious this was!  The decor is a bit dark and moody, but uber-modern and Thai hipster.  I dug it.  I was just there for a light lunch.  I went with the spicy hot and sour soup with prawns and oyster mushrooms and a fried catfish salad with mango, green papaya, cilantro and lime.  And a tall glass of Thai iced tea.  I'm a big Thai food fan, and actually tend to eat only Asian food (Korean, Vietnamese, Indian, Japanese and Thai.) I was blown away by the quality and presentation of the food!  The soup was spicy but still had subtle delicious flavor.  Plenty of prawns and mushrooms, but absolutely perfect balance.  And the SALAD!!!!  Best thai salad I had ever had, hands down.  And I've BEEN to Thailand!! The Thai iced tea was also delicious.  Service was friendly - big smiles - overall just a really lovely surprise.  Can't wait to come back next time I'm in Phoenix. Kap Kuhn Ka!!  Arroy Dee!
2	Very questionable place.  I have lived in Sydney for quite a few years where the asian food is fantastic so have something to go by.I ordered the corn cakes, steak/bread for dipping and Fish Trap(combo of seafood in yellow curry).The corn cakes were perfect, no problems there.the steak with flatbread and curry sauce for dipping was ok.  The main problem is they were very cheap with the steak.  The pieces were mostly small and not enough for the bread.  The green curry was blah (but this is scottsdale so yeah).The main disappointment was the Fish Trap.  It had what I think was meant to look like sliced scallops but was really sliced fish.  I'd be pretty afraid to get the scallop satay here, I wonder whether they are trying to fool people with sliced fish cheeks instead of real scallops?  The main disappointment here was the squid. It was big sliced tubes that were so chewy and rubbery that I couldn't slice them with my fork.  It was too undercooked (and i like my seafood undercooked) and I don't believe the squid was good quality in the first place.To end the nite I showed my waiter the squid, showed him how it was so rubbery that my fork just bounced off it when I tried to slice it.  He went back and the on duty manager offered to buy me a dessert.  I wasn't looking for anything free, but offering to buy a $6 dessert for a flawed major ingredient in a $16 meal shows why the place is so cheap food quality wise in my opinion.Basically the menu of this place looks nice and imaginative, but I think they are cutting corners ingredients quality wise and I won't be back.
4	Service a bit slow on arrival...took about 10 minutes to get water and place order even though they weren't that busy.  Shared the pork and shrimp fried dumplings, excellent. Dumpling sauce was slightly thickened, a very nice detail.Pad Me Mao.  Spicy and delicious.  Grilled skirt steak with side rice noodles and chili sauce.I've eaten in several of this group's San Francisco locations, this location performed very well.
5	Love this place.Happy hour specials include a Thai sausage that is incredible.  Imagine summer sausage mixed with Thai spice.  Fish:  I've eaten catfish all over the country, and the catfish here is some of the best I've ever had.  Very light breading, spicy, with a host of vegetables as a compliment.  Love it.Meat: Lamb and steak surprisingly well prepared and delicious. Short rib is phenomenal.  Minced chicken is also superb.Dessert:  The coconut ice cream with fried banana's and honey.  Do I have to sell that?  You could slop these things on a plate with no forethought and it would be delicious.  I find the place is reasonably well-priced, particularly for a spot in PV/Scottsdale.
5	They made a special noodle bowl for me the other day that was fantastic.  Nothing better than a noodle bowl on a cold day in the desert.  Maybe we can talk them into putting it on the menu?
3	Let me first say that I really appreciated the ambiance and the music selection that soi4 selected. I absolutely loveeeeee tai food:-) but, soi4 has much to work on as far as food quality and taste. I had the mustard leaf small plate to start which was great. Then, moved on the the Tom Ka Gai which lacking flavor and tai soul.later on, I moved to the pad seew which was bland and flavorless and had to use tons of tai chili fish sauce to make it better. The last was the best it was fried bananas with coconut ice cream and this was truly amazing. I made a special trip just to go to this restaurant but I don't think it beats my favorite local tai food location.
4	I finally made it over to Soi 4 and as soon as I stepped foot inside I began kicking myself for not trying it sooner. The decor is chic and minimalist with clean lines, industrial materials and orb-like rattan lanterns overhead. Above the main dining room is also a hanging balcony of sorts, which gives the space a nice three dimensional quality. The food itself is outstanding. It's some of the best Thai I've had outside of Thailand. The flavors are deep and authentic but the dishes, rather than being traditional, push beyond the standard pad thai and curries. They are very sophisticated and elegant versions of the classics, but still stay true to the original concepts. I recommend starting with the kanom pak gard-- a warm, sauteed turnip cake served with egg, bean sprouts, chives a spicy-sweet dipping sauce. The poh taak seafood soup is also good for a starter to share. The broth is complex and refreshingly spicy and the seafood is fresh and flavorful. Follow that with the som tom (papaya salad) paired with sticky rice.For mains, you really can't go wrong, but I love the pad ke-mow and kang kua mu ("coconut braised pork shoulder, kabocha squash, and Thai basil in tangy red curry"). Definitely save room for desert. The menu doesn't list mango sticky rice, but they will have it if the mango is in season. It's outstanding. Get the fried bananas with coconut ice cream, too, if it's available.
5	Fantastic food and service, and the ambiance fits perfectly -- modern, clean, spacious yet dark and cozy.  We had a former employee of their Bay Area location doing all the ordering for us.  She knew what she was doing.  The miang kum (appetizer, "fresh cut mustard leaf wrap of roasted coconut, prawns, pomelo, fresh herbs, and sweet palm") was the absolute star of the show for me.  SO.  DELICIOUS.This is a weird thing to comment on, I know, but the sinks in the bathrooms are GORGEOUS!
4	Awesome Restaraunt and great food!
4	Looove this place!  I loved the sexy, yet simple atmosphere.  I felt as though the air was cleaner somehow just walking inside.Let me first say that Happy Hour prices were outstanding!  I have to admit, I think my favorite Happy Hour spot, StingRay, has just been outdone!The food was delicious!  All of it!  ALL...OF...IT!  From the cucumber salad to their famous appetizer, the mustard leaf wrap, it is flavorful and fresh.The service was pretty good, but there was some confusion I think more than once, so it delayed the service a bit.  When I have to stop and say, "Hey, where's my [fill in the blank], I know the service is lacking, although I would say not enough to keep me away!I was really, really happy when I left here, might have been my company, but we all loved it so that is what mattered!
4	Went to dinner for the first time at Soi 4 last night.  The decor and ambiance is amazing.  Great for a romantic date.  The service left a little to be desired.  It took quite a while for us to be greeted by our server and be served our drinks and it wasn't busy...at all.The food was delicious!!!  I had the duck breast in red curry on baby spinach with pineapple and red pepper.  Such flavor!!  I can't wait to go back again and try something else!!
4	Looking for a place to eat on a Friday night and we stumbled across this place!, I wasn't in the mood for Thai food but once we ordered our appetizers and entrees I pleasantly pleased! The taste of the short ribs was delicious and our tiger prawns were very tasty!! I would recommend this place for a relaxed date night
5	We've eaten Thai food all across the country and this was phenomenal. The duck breast curry was lean and flavorful.  We had a small plate of a wonderful blend of spices and coconut on mustard greens....mmm mmm...the extra lean  short ribs came on a sauce that I would love to steal the recipe and attempt recreation at home,  would love to clone this place and bring it to Chicago !
2	They did a great job on the design of this restaurant. Really cool actually with the upstairs dining area over looking the main dining area. The place was a bit empty - not a good sign - for a Tuesday night. Service was good - Muey is beautiful by the way - She was vert attentive checking on us often. The food came fast.  I had the seafood soup. It was just okay. Then I had the short ribs, the meat was tender but lacked flavor and the sauce was oaky too. But in the end it bothered my stomach. My sister said her noodles were great though. I'll give the place one more try. It is difficult find non-American restaurants in Scottsdale where the food hasn't been "Americanized" losing its flavor and spice along the way, i.e. Flo's - That's not Chinese!
4	Very chic ambiance. Service is very good and efficient. Food is very tasty, and they will gladly adjust the heat level to your liking. The traditional coconut chicken mushroom soup was outstanding - light coconut cream broth with light chili and lemongrass notes.
5	Simply put? Amazing. Unless you're looking for another run-of-the-mill strip mall Thai restaurant. This is Thai fusion at its finest. From the ambiance, to the Veggie Roti to the Panang Neur and Pang Gari Gal, you'll discover a dining experience and complex, layered flavors that will have you planning your next visit with the first bite.
5	Going to make this short and simple. A DATE, invited me to this place Jan 2nd 2012. OMG! He ordered fo rme-'everything' on the menu! Everything was unbelievable! 10 stars out of 5 stars is how I rank this place regarding thefood, ambiance,location, staff, cleanliness, cheerfulness of staff and presentation of foods!  Go there!
4	One of the best Thai restaurants I have ever been to. Fresh ingredients, excellent preparation of traditional dishes (Pad Thai, Papaya salad, pumpkin curry, green coconut curry) and some interesting spins on Thai flavors with certain non-traditional dishes (Indian flat bread with skirt steak and green curry), great presentation. I've eaten here dozens of times and have never been disappointed. They also own restaurants in Oakland and San Fran. My only disappointment is they over-sweeten their Thai Iced Tea.. that and they don't have a restaurant in Los Angeles. Too bad, they'd put every other Thai restaurant out of business.
4	Ok, ok, ok, when I first tried the steamed pork wontons and the mixfood seafood soup I did not have high expectations for the rest of my meal. I had read about Soi 4 having delicious Thai and I was excited, so the first two things I tried were a let down. But, when the crab fried rice and the stir fried steak with onion rings came my opinion definitely changed. The steak was cooked perfectly and the onion rings were amazing. I could have literally ordered another plate and would have finished it completely. If I went back again I would like to try another starter and maybe a salad, but I would have to get the steak again, it's too good to pass up.
4	Like everyone else says the ambiance is very nice - for a restaurant in a strip mall. But hey this is Scottsdale. The food was definitely above average and interesting - not just typical american Thai food. I'd definitely like to go back to try some other dishes.
4	Delicious thai food - Prawn , pumpkin and red curry was perfect and the eggplant green curry roll was also very good (less spicy of the 2).
2	This place has Americanized Thai food from central Thailand. I do give them props for making Khao niao available on the menu as this is a rarity for the city dwellers in Bangkok. (Just as you can tell if someone is from the East coat or down south by their dialect, you can also tell where they are from by what they eat/cook) I heard the owners talk and they were speaking proper Thai with little slang, this is how I know where they were from.The larb left out many of the necessary flavours. It was bland, and did not have the nuttiness from the toasted rice. I had to request extra fish sauce and red pepper to be added.There won't be a next time because I cannot stand paying for butchered Isan food. This is definitely a farang restaurant. Sorry, but chun sanook maak mai dai.
2	The service here was awful.  She brought our salad and appetizers along with the dinner rice, which sat and got cold while we ate our first courses.  Then my hot pot came out.  Although I was not done with my appetizer, the waitress dished that out to get cold as well. About midway through my hot pot, she asked if I would like dessert and we realized she had not delivered my husbands dinner order to the kitchen, although she had repeated back the order to us.  Ten minutes after my meal was complete, my husband's dinner arrived.  We will not be back.  The food was not that good to endure watching one another eat.
4	Solid. Food and service.
4	I usually give a restaurant a couple tries if the first time was so-so.  This Thai house totally redeemed themselves.  The duck dish is to die for. The noodles, great!  Good work Soi!
5	Get the shortrib, get the duck, and be amazed!
5	My 3 girlfriends and I recently had a birthday dinner celebration at SOI4 and we had such a wonderful time there. The staff was so friendly and attentive from start to finish. The decor was modern, simple and stylish.  We loved sitting right by the open patio which was quiet and breezy.We arrived early enough to enjoy happy hour appetizers and drinks.   We tried all the happy hour appetizers and so glad we did.  Standout appetizer for me was grilled veggies on top of an indian fry bread with green curry sauce - don't remember the name but it was so different and so good!   For dinner we shared crispy whole fish, chicken satay, shortribs in panang sauce, prawns and pumkin in a red curry sauce and crab fried rice.   Every single dish was perfectly cooked, well seasoned and so delicious.  The crab fried rice is amazing - I could eat that every night!  We were totally stuffed but had room for two deserts - sticky rice with mango and coconut ice cream which they comped for my friend's birthday.  We literally rolled out of SOI4 3 hours later completely happy, stuffed and satisfied.  Looking forward to taking my husband here for date night very soon!
5	This is not authentic Thai food, but that does not at all mean it isn't truly excellent ... because it is. Look, I was born a Jew but I've never practiced the religion - does the lack of integrity to my roots mean I should be avoided? Of course not.  Heck, my friends surely love me, just like you will love Soi 4!  The dishes here are creative, wholesome, delicious and made from high quality ingredients. And I love the mellow countenance of the staff people.
2	My wife and I went here for her birthday. We love Thai food and most of the reviews on here were great. Unfortunately it didn't live up to the praise for us.For the appetizer we got lemongrass meatballs. This consisted of four small meatballs on toothpicks. The flavor was okay, but a bit bland and the portion size seemed really puny.For the entree my wife got the pra ram rong song, which was supposed to be filet mignon with peanut sauce and vegetables. The "filet mignon" was charred on the outside and the shape and toughness made it seem like a piece of sirloin rather than filet. When we mentioned this to the waitress, she tried to instruct us on how to cut the steak across the grain (!). My wife let her know she had worked at a steak restaurant for years and knew what filet should be like; she just kind of shrugged and said sorry.My panang neur beef short ribs were much better. The sauce was a little more beef gravy-like than regular panang, but it was nice and the short ribs were cooked perfectly. Overall, it's not a place I would choose to go back to. The lack of any response from the server about the tough steak (why bother to ask if everything is good if you're not going to do anything either way?) is a big reason, but the flavors weren't really a standout in any case. Plus, charging extra for rice is really tacky.
5	Best Thai ever. Anywhere! Dani and Ken the owners are there almost every night and will take care of you!
5	This was the most delicious Thai food I have ever had. This is also the best food I have experienced in AZ including some high end restaurants. It "tasted like vacation" as eloquently stated by my dining partner. We split the dumplings, papaya salad, and eggplant wrapped fish green curry. AMAZING!  I am seriously in love with the delicate fish and amazingly flavorful green curry. Suspiciously not spicy but it was great! The deep fried bananas and coconut ice cream are also to die for. Our waitress made fabulous recommendations.
4	What a great place.  I went with some business associates last night and enjoyed everything from cradle to grave.  Made reservations for 7:00 and really didn't need them since the place wasn't very busy.  I was warmly greeted and sat at a nice table towards the back so we can talk.  The place is nicely decorated, very modern and trendy.  The waitress showed right up to take drink orders and suggest menu items that were her favorite.  Thai food is funny like that, no matter how many times I see a menu all of the Thai names still confuse me.I chose the Drunken Beef which was nice tender, skirt steak cut in squares with apple eggplant, lemongrass green beans with chili and basil.  This dish was so flavorful I couldn't believe it. I absolutely love lemongrass and Soi 4 did an awesome job creating this masterpiece.  One member of my party was very particular about what she wanted and how it was to be prepared and Soi 4 pulled it off to a tee.  Very accommodating.  We finished up with dessert and I had the fried mangos with vanilla ice cream and mixed fresh berries.  This dessert is by far one of the best I've had in awhile.  It took a bit to come out but I assume that the wait was due to them preparing them fresh.  Sweet, succulent mangos gently fried and the berries complimented the ice cream perfectly.Unfortunately I don't like in Scottsdale but will return to Soi 4 during my next trip.  Check them out!
5	Great Thai food.  wife and i are Thai food junkies ever since traveling to Thailand last year.  this place is good, real real good
5	First time and wasn't disappointed! The ambiance was definitely upscale for a Thai place and the food and service were upscale as well !  We found a great new Thai place near home that is perfact for a date night or family dinner!
4	Very nice place.  Food is very good and priced fairly EXCEPT the drink glasses are a  joke.  They have to serve the smallest drinks in Arizona in comparison to other restaurants within 50 miles AND the prices do not reflect the size of the glass.   Drink the beer do not buy the specialty drinks.
2	Nice decor, excellent service. Apps were ok, but no knives to cut the dumplings. Food was average or below. Yellow curry was flat and ke mao  had zero spice...like they forgot how to make it.
4	The owners have the food down for sure.  They own a restaurant in San Francisco and make Thai that mirrors true Thai cuisine.  Service was slow but I think they were just understaffed that night.
5	Attentive and friendly service and a nice, modern atmosphere. Great spot for a date night. Prices are very reasonable and they have a fairly extensive menu. The Pad Thai is my favorite dish and I've tried a handful of appetizers - everything I've tried has been very good. Definitely my favorite Thai restaurant!
4	this place is amazing. HOWEVER there's a server there who is AWFUL. she's beautiful and nice, but halfway through your meal she disappears and never comes back. my boyfriend had to buy our second round from the bartender. so sad.
5	This is a fabulous little Thai place.  Very cool atmosphere, not so loud that you can't have a nice conversation and the Staff is all very friendly.  They have a fabulous Happy Hour with lots of small plates (which are GENEROUS portions) for $5.  I ordered the green curry and the shrimp and pork wontons along with 2 draft beers - all of this was only $17!!!  AMAZING!  I will definitely be back.
4	There's definitely a reason why Thailand is named "The Land of Smiles" :) What a fun and lively place. Service here is wonderful! I work very close to Soi 4, so you can imagine...I eat lunch here quite often. Our second time to the restaurant, all the servers recognized me and my co-worker the moment we stepped into the restaurant. Since then, we've been treated like family/friends every time we visit!Pros: Great ambiance, GREAT service, fun lunch and happy hour specialsCons: I do think their dishes are a tad bit Americanized. I'm South East Asian-American myself and grew up on some pretty authentic Thai dishes. Nonetheless, the dishes are still pretty satisfying.What I recommend: Definitely get the Pad Kee Mao (it's a Thai basil and pepper stir fry with wide/flat rice noodles + your choice of protein). This is probably their best dish on the menu, and certainly my favorite. If you're familiar with other Thai restaurants around town, the Pad Kee Mao is most similar to the Drunken Noodle dishes in most other Thai shops. If you like a full-flavored dish, make sure to try this one!I've also had their Pineapple Fried Rice with chicken, their Tom Yum soup, and their Red Curry. All were good, but none popped out like the Pad Kee Mao did.Can't wait to go back!P.S. if you work in the same business complex, make sure to let the servers know before you pay! I think you get 5-10% off the bill. :)
2	not that impressed. food came out cold. only thing that was warm was the soup. overpriced for cold food. not that impressed. i will not return.
5	If you want a typical Thai restaurant with 15 generic noodle dishes then this is not the place for you. If instead you like variety of creative and delicious options then you will love this place.
4	We have been several times and have positive feelings about this place. The staff has always been friendly and efficient around us. In addition to the expected wine and beer there are some other adult beverages. I prefer wine although I realize beer is more typical. I have consumed Singha beer here if that helps. The wine is more than adequate. I note some reviewers express concern about untypical dishes. This is the USA and tastes vary from Thailand. As has been the case with Mexican and Chinese cuisines, change has to occur to meet market needs. I am not an expert on Thai food but have had a few meals in Bangkok and feel fine about the dishes here although I should add that hotels catering to foreigners there may not be wholly authentic. In any case, if you know Thai dishes by name you will find plenty to choose from. My wife and I have been happy with the results. Dining is more expensive here than other Thai places we have been here and elsewhere. This is high rent and generally nicer than usual which explains it.
3	Nice enough atmosphere, but the food was just average, and I felt like they were charging a premium based solely on their location.  I wouldn't be against stopping in again if a friend wanted to try it, but otherwise I'm not drawn to go back.
4	Unique, interesting and different Thai but I do note very small portions.We started with stuffed mustard leaves called Miang Kum. I don't know what all was in them but they were a roller coaster of sweet spicy sour crunchy and coconut. They don't taste like those Girl Scout Samoa Cookies but had that same additive quality and that same coconut snap to them.I tried the Stuffed Eggplant with Chicken in Green Curry Sauce called Kang Makeur Sai. I do have to say the Green Curry sauce was nearly perfect and was the best Green Curry sauce I've tried in years because it wasn't too sweet and also didn't have too much coconut milk. I liked the taste of the dish but for me it was too soft of a dish in texture for me. It was sort of like an Asian Pancake with a small amount of chicken wrapped with soft eggplant in a really delicious well made sauce. My husband tried the Spicy Stir Fried Pork Shoulder with asparagus called Kua Kling Mu. He liked the taste of it but was disappointed with the portion and said out loud, "I will need to stop for a hamburger because there is only two ounces of meat on this plate".I would like to return and try other interesting things here but I know my husband will never suggest this place so I don't know if I will ever return.I noticed that they offer $7.00 lunch specials and a three course dinner special (I think $36.00)
5	Delicious food!! I am from NY and always try to find delicious Thai and this is one of the best places I have ever eaten at. I love Thai and this restaurant really does the trick. The decor was great and the food is A Plus!! Yummy Yum Yum!!
3	This is a yummy Thai place with super trendy decor, slightly pricey to pay for the atmosphere, but solidly tasty.The pla pao (grilled fish wrappped in banana leaf) was very juicy and tender, delightfully healthy and, with the sauce, full of flavor (the sauce was also quite light and a little went a long way) - then it was excellent.  My best friend ordered the dtom yum goong soup, which was a little on the sweet side with good lemongrass flavor.  He also had the goong makahm (prawns in tamarind sauce with shallots and garlic) and said it was just ok.  He thought my fish was excellent, too, though.  I'm only giving three stars because the fish was a smaller portion than I expected for the money, especially because they charge separately for rice.  I'll have to go back and try a few other dishes to see if the value is better.
2	The toong tong was a decent appetizer and the pad ke-mao was a good entree, but the pak rad kang (with chicken added) was a disappointment. All in all, the food was fine. Not special, but not terrible either.This rating would've been higher--that is, 3 or even 4 stars--had the service come a little closer to living up to the hype in other reviews. As it was, we had a 7pm reservation and were seated promptly upon arrival, but no one came to our table for a full 20-25 minutes after being seated, despite several tables sitting empty (and uncleaned) around us. Had the place been full, it would've been more understandable. But it was kind of ridiculous how good they were at ignoring us as we pleaded nonverbally for at least a strong beverage to pass the time.Incidentally, when it came time for the check, they were very attentive all of a sudden.
4	I ate here a few days ago with my son and his girlfriend; we were all pleased with the atmosphere and the food.  It was hard to decide what to order because it all sounded interesting and delicious.
5	Drinks are inventive and well poured. The food is excellent. Roti and chicken satay with peanut sauce.  Mango and sticky rice for dessert. Small outside area that is comfortable and on parking side so it's quiet.
4	Soi 4 is the best Thai food I've had in Phoenix. My boyfriend an I are vegetarian, and there are many choices for us here. We love the turnip cakes as an appetizer. All of the main dishes we have tried have been awesome as well!  The service is always great and there is typically no wait!  I definitely recommend checking this place out if you are in the Scottsdale area!
5	A dynamite meal!  Chic, creative and most importantly delicious Thai food. Don't come here expecting the "same ol' same ol' Pad Thai". This place combines favors, textures and colors to make for exciting and flavorful dishes. I strongly recommend the mustard leaf app (appetizer...not iOS application) for starters and the Chilean sea bass entree. By the way, the place itself is slick, attractive and comfortable. Make sure you don't miss this gem.
3	Service - 5/5Food- 3/5Value- 2/5Simply for the sake of information: the menu online is not up to date--most prices are actually $1 higher, and these are NOT the enormous portions one may be accustomed to when ordering thai, indian, or chinese food. It's Scottsdale, I get it. I'm just letting you know. So.I brought my dietarily restricted friends (one vegan, one gluten-free-ish pescatarian) here for a Sunday evening dinner, and we were immediately impressed with the super cool decor including a really neat chalkboard full of Sanskrit writing. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the padded benches and minimalist tables. The hot green tea was so good--some kind of mango or other tropical flavor made it interesting without overpowering the green tea flavor. Our service was good; we had three people total stop by the table for orders, refills, and food delivery. Things were prompt but not rushed, and friendly but not familiar. Just how I like it.But....the food. Wah wah wahhhhhh.I was really excited to see a $10 Dtom Kha Gai hot pot on the menu, as it's my very favorite Thai appetizer. Unfortunately, this particular one was no good at all. It was a milky white color instead of the typical orange/red color, which indicates a lack of chili oil or paste and fish sauce common of the dish. The lemongrass and galangal flavors were barely recognizable, and the soup just had no zest. The pescatarian and I ended up adding a spicy fish sauce to give it some flavor, but the vegan just added dry chilies. It sucks to be the one ordering an app for a group, talking it up, and having it totally flop.We also ordered the veggie spring rolls, after the server told us it came with six. Technically, that was true, but it was actually three rolls cut in half. I was annoyed by that, since it was $7. They tasted like every other little 2-bite spring roll you've ever had. For entrees, we elected the charred veggie green curry, and pad thai with tofu and prawns. The pad thai was fine, but too sweet for my taste. It also lacked spice but I added my own. The green curry was rumored to taste like pickles, per the pescatarian, but I didn't pick up on that. Perhaps the asparagus was pickled. The jasmine rice was good; the brown rice was great. We ordered the Roti bread, and it tasted very good, but for $3.50 it was just silly stingy--it was the size of a corn tortilla, cut in 4. I *might* come back here if I am in the area and try some of the dishes that other yelpers loved, but I can't say I was impressed with any of the food we ordered.
5	Still my favorite Thai restaurant in the valley.Every dish is perfectly cooked, meticulously presented and mouthwateringly good.Not your average dishes so be adventurous. The wait staff will gladly explain any and all dishes. Not too spicy, unless you want it to be, but packed full of flavor.The portions are not huge...they favor quality over quantity...but its not expensive either. Great location, cold modern interior, this is a 'must try' gastronomic delight.
4	Soi 4 deserves four stars which to me means that I will be back - but I don't think I will come back here.  Go figure.  I guess Thai food is not my favorite.That must be it, because the ambiance, service, and food quality and quantity are pretty darn good here.  The room is new, clean, and modern; the tables are properly spaced; and the noise level is quite acceptable.  I find the chairs uncomfortable after an hour or so and got up with stiff knees but perhaps I'm just getting older (no perhaps about that).The service was friendly, prompt, and not obtrusive.  Our server, however, did not know the menu well.The food is the way I image traditional Thai cooking would come out if prepared by a well-trained but non-Thai chef.  The duck in red curry for example was tender and tasty, but the scant curry sauce and four or five mini bites of lychee and pineapple added little.  A crispy chicken dish was better.The only knock is prices, which are kind of weird.  Beer, wine ($10 for an indifferent glass), cocktails, and appetizers are expensive.  Entrees are reasonable, sometimes even surprisingly low-priced.  At happy hour the drinks are reduced, and a small selection of appetisers is $5, which alleviates this problem.  Happy hour is 5 - 6:30 (not sure about weekends), and you must order by 6:30 to get the lower price.  So if you are here for happy hour, or if you don't drink and don't want starters, Soi 4 is quite reasonably priced, but otherwise your check can mount up to the point where the value proposition just isn't there.
2	The dishes here scream "my first Thai" food.  All if their dishes are flavorless bastardized versions of real Thai food. While they do have good and fresh ingredients, all of the 6 entrees we ordered tonight were undercooked and had little to no seasoning. There are many other options in the valley that are far superior and hold true to the real quality dishes Thailand has to offer. I knew something was up when they didn't let me specify how spicy my dish was going to be and just told me they could bring spices out afterwards for me to add to the food. Well that's one major problem, cooking spices INTO the food is what makes food good. Not just throwing themOn top of the dish afterwards. The biggest disappointment was the tom yum soup. That is a staple dish that was lacking all of the flavor it's supposed to have. There was no ganglia root, lemon grass orKamir leaves in the soup at all.  It seemed that because they were busy that they had watered down their curry.  Another person at my table ordered the same curry dish as me and it seemed like they made one dish and then watered it down to spread it between both plates. The curry, which is a important dish to get right was not up to par. The service wasn't bad but it wast great. Average. The one thing that stood out was their meats. They had great quality and well cooked/cut/prepared meats.  But sadly, it seems they are afraid to season their meats as well. Overall their food is just bland which is not something you'd expect if you've experienced real Thai good. This place is "safe" Thai food. If you're afraid to try something ethnic or with unique flavors, this is the place for you.
5	We dined here on the recommendation of staff from the Hyatt across the street.  Modern yet warm ambiance, plus really good food and plenty of tasty veggie dishes and creative presentation.  Service was friendly and knowledgeable.Cocktails and desserts were excellent too.  I really loved the warm sticky coconut rice with the best fresh mango I've ever eaten.  Overall a really great meal at reasonable prices.
4	Really good Thai food and rather authentic. We like to start with the pan fried Indian bread with curry. The 3 main dishes that we really like are the pineapple fried rice, minced chicken, and roasted duck in red curry. Serving is rather small.
3	Cocktail menu looked great, but none peeked my interest enough to order. Started with the fried calimari, which came with a sriracha vinaigrette that was very tasty. For my entree, I tried the Yellow Curry with Chicken and it was delicious! I ate my entire plate. My friend had the gai gra prow and didn't like it at all. Honestly, I tried it and it wasn't very good - my curry was ten times better. The service was very courteous but didn't check up on us as much as we needed. Usually, if you notice that you your table hasn't been touched, it's not a good sign. All in all I'd definitely go back for that curry!
3	We tried this restaurant after a recent newspaper restaurant review that was very favorable.  We went on a Friday evening after Happy Hour and ordered off the dinner menu.  From comments posted by other reviewers, we were prepared for the smaller portions and higher prices.  Overall food quality was good; dishes well prepared and tasty with complementary spices; decor was modern and appropriate for a Scottsdale location; and they were busy for a summer night.  We had already researched the menu options and ordered five entrees (for three adults) given that serving portions would be smaller.  Service was ok and competent.   Our favorite was the Pad Ke Mao which was the flat noodles with skirt steak.  The rating was lowered when we realized that our bill included a dish (Kha Gai Pot) that we had not ordered.  Would like to think it was just an innocent mistake on the restaurant's part, but we should have also checked our bill more closely.  Overall, good experience, but not high on our list to return.
4	We dined here with some friends!! It was great I had the rice! My boyfriend could not get enough of the sticky rice? I enjoyed the drinks a well all of the desserts are delish.
4	Nice ambiance, dinner menu pricey, staff was friendly, not the best Thai but decent for the Scottsdale lack of ethnic food.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! I've lived in NY and LA so I've had some really amazing, authentic Thai food. Soi 4 is flavorful, delicious and affordable. I eat here at least twice a month. One of my favorite restaurants in the valley. The ambience is really friendly and open. Highly recommend to anyone that enjoys yummy Thai food!
4	Jack talk Thai? Jack talk Thai, real well.  Great Thai, in the higher priced to portion sized but worth it.  Drinks are no joke, a double is $24, so idk if that's the best place to drink it up, but the food is the best Thai I've had in AZ. ROTI,Pad Thai, Garlic Shrimp all really good,Plus probably the most beautiful hostess I've ever seen. Enjoy
3	Like most places in Arizona, this place was dead by 8:30 at night. That being said, the staff was very attentive to my late dinner needs. My waitress was helpful in deciding what to eat, the Miang Kum was intriguing & being that it was her second choice, I opted in. I love wrapping my food in mustard or lettuce leaves, and the ingredients all paired well together I couldn't even tell I was eating shrimp. As for my entree, I chose the Salmon since it's more flavorful, it was well done & presented nicely.
2	They have gorgeoussettings both outside and inside. But that's about it. The food is mediocre and overpriced. I ordered Tom Yum soup and Eggplant dish. Tom Yum soup was not that flavorful and portion is too small to be charged $7 with Tofu.  The eggplant dish was pretty tasty, but they did one of my pet-peeves; charging a cup of rice separately!  I guess if you are not Asian, then this place can be a hot place to go, but I think Asian people like myself can find somewhere else.
5	Happy hour here last until 6:30p, score. And they have a good variety of cocktails.Food is solid. Not as many rice options as I would like. They concentrate more on curries, soups and noodle dishes. There is an open dining area, so it can be a bit noisy, but not too bad. The atmosphere is sort of like a nightclub lounge, so not a big kid and family spot. But if your kiddos are older or reasonably behaved it shouldn't be a problem to bring them. There isn't booth seating, but they do  have booster seats available.
5	There are hundreds of Thai restaurants in the Scottsdale, but this has the ingredients of real Thai: authentic food, gentle atmosphere, respectful and attentive service. We recommend highly!
4	Stylish eatery, well presented and tasty offerings. Service is a bit slow, but waiter was knowledgeable and steered me away from a too spicy order, recommending a choice I was pleased with. We enjoyed our meal and will return.
2	The food ? Meh! Not good. Expensive ? Yeah! There's much better Thai food in town. Don't go.
5	They were really outstanding last week,  The catfish salad, cooked crisp but with a savory cabbage and nuts.  Great combo.  The mustard leaf wraps, also wonderfulGrilled veggies, great char taste with a flavorful curry sauce.  Yum, good as it gets here.  Also the bartender makes a damn good drink.
5	My husband and I love coming here for their cocktails and to grab a bite.  If you like Thai influenced cocktails with ingredients like lemongrass, basil and ginger, try Soi 4.  The ambiance is beautiful and the food and staff are great too.
4	had a great first visit.. table was ready and the service quick and correct.. food was very good. Thank you.
4	Sleek setting, somewhat slow service, and some of the best executed Thai in town.  Many might complain that it has been watered down to better accommodate the Western palate but I don't mind.  The food is light yet filling and the freshness stands out.
5	I visited Soi 4 today for lunch with my boss, who is a "regular." I love Thai food and trying new restaurants so I was excited to check it out - plus I was super hungry! I was not disappointed. My boss and I both got the "happy hour" lunch curry for only $7. You pick the meat you want and then yellow, red or green curry. I got the yellow chicken curry while my boss got the red beef curry. Both came out of the kitchen very quickly and was played very simply - with a generous portion of jasmine rice and curry. Mine came with fingerling potatoes and onions while my boss's had green beans and squash.  The curry was fantastic - super flavorful and fresh and the portion was perfect! Did I tell you it was only $7. AMAZING! I will definitely be back and can't wait to try their other menu items! The service was great and atmosphere/decor is very nice as well.
5	My wife and I visited Soi 4 when we were in Scottsdale and absolutely loved it. To start the atmosphere is modern and hip. I have to start by saying that I am not a big Thai food fan. I go to Bangkok Thailand a couple times a year and hardly ever even eat Thai food when I am there. My wife drug me here kicking and screaming because she loves Thai food. The menu was great...the service was great and I will return without complaining.
3	Soi 4 hit the spot on Christmas Eve. We were visiting from CA and looking for a Thai place to help with the cold-cough going on. Service was friendly and attentive but not overbearing (that's a pet peeve!). The food was trying a bit too hard to be hip Thai () and ended being just ok in the process... it's not cheap by any means.  We got:Miang kam - a bit too sweet but very fresh and really delicious! They serve them with mustard leaves probably because betel leaves aren't easily available in the West.Chicken soup hot pot - ok flavour, not much going on. I've had way better. But good value.Noodles with shrimp and chicken - quite good, not extraordinary.Veg red curry - disappointing in flavour and the vegetables were raw!We'd probably not go back to this place because although it wasn't bad, it just wasn't great.
5	Soi 4 is a favorite go to restaurant. The food is consistently excellent and the service is outstanding - efficient and kind.  I particularly recommend the pad se ew and the mustard leaf wraps. Enjoy!
