5	New location of central ave favorite. Great glorious morning muffins loaded with apples, cranberries, carrots, etc. Tiramisu, Danishes, canolis, cheesecake, and more.
5	Coffee is good, Chai Latte's are awesome! I have tried a few different breakfast items and they were all great.  It seems that they are now settling in after being open for about a week.  They didn't have the espresso maker up and running right away and they were out of some of the different varieties of items.  However that all seems to have corrected itself in the last week.  Weither stopping in for breakfast or for coffee and dessert after dinner you will have plenty to choose from.  However please remember they are a coffee shop and bakery, I was in there the other day around lunch and there were quite a few people coming in looking for lunch type items which they do not carry.Lastly and what makes this place is the girl that works behind the counter (wish I had gotten her name).  She has been in there everytime I have gone (4 times in the last week) and she is always happy and cheerful.  Greets everyone with a smile and is patient while you try to make the difficult selection of what you will try that day.  Keep up the great work and I will keep coming back!!!
5	Loving this new location! (Though I do miss Laurel Mkt)Delish breads, lots of coffee options, friendly staff, I'm in. The two behind the counter were still getting a grip on the pricing and fighting nerves as the line began to grow, but in another week or so I'm sure they'll be a well oiled machine.I'm mostly familiar with Nova's rolls/loaves/savory breads, but for breakfast I tried the spinach/feta scone - so good. Their filled croissants are pretty yum too. We took home a lemon bar that was different than most I've had/made (more custard like), but it hit the spot later that evening. I look forward to frequenting here for all my breakfast and bread needs! (and they've been doing some bogo specials - I've seen pastry and baguette offerings on the a-frame outside, so I'd definitely check it out!)
3	I have heard mixed reviews about Nova's and still wanted to give it a try for myself before I made any conclusions. It was mid-afternoon when I stopped in, so I wasn't expecting the freshest product, but surprising they had a lot of items out still. I was greeted as soon as I walked in and it is a relatively small place. I was browsing, trying to see what they had to offer and what made my taste buds water. I had asked the employee a few questions and he didn't seem to have all the answers, but he was able to search and find them for me. I settled on a sesame bagel and a Chai Tea latte with a splash of vanilla. He sliced my bagel and was about to ready to cash me out when I asked if he could toast if for me, and he pointed to the toaster behind me. OK, not a huge deal, I am capable of toasting my own bagel. Then he asked if I wanted butter or cream cheese and I said yes to cream cheese, and then my total went up. 50 cents isn't a big deal, but for a bakery, I would have expected to have my bagel toasted and cream cheese included for me. The toaster out for use is just a regular toaster that burns the seeds and doesn't really toast because the bagels are too big. The bagel itself was average, not bad, but not the best I have ever had either.  There also was a fly buzzing around, which again not a big deal, but skeeves me out when the bread is out in the open. I would give them another try based on I know they have recently opened and are working out the kinks I'm sure, and my Chai Tea Latte was AMAZING!! It was so good that it was totally worth the trip there. Chai Tea Latte for the win here ladies and gentleman.
5	I suggest everyone sign up for shifts around the clock to go in and make purchases since they are one of the only places open 24/7 in Charlotte. Not that I'm a 2am regular or anything (haven't been that way since my early 20s), but I truly appreciate late night businesses and wish Charlotte had more around-the-clock options. My schedule is a bit backwards, I typically work late and so having the option of getting a fresh pastry to end the day is a treat! The main bakery is in Plaza Midwood off of Central. However, the items are made daily and sent to this second location. I'm definitely a cannoli snob and I can confidently say theirs is pretty yummy! They have one of the best carrot cakes by the slice...and let's not forget their "Glorious" muffins! They make it all fresh. They offer free WiFi and have select seating...mainly countertop looking out onto the street. It's definitely a nice addition to South End...be wild and act young, I dare you to make a purchase after midnight!
3	This Nova's location hits a single, when it could easily be made a home run.  Hmm, maybe i should stop with the baseball references because it's been a while since I've played. I was very excited to hear they were opening but was curious what they would offer since Sweet Lorraines just opened a couple weeks before to fill the wide open gap in Southend.OK so the location is a 5/5. Easy to find, easy to park, close to town. Great idea!The hours: 24/7 is a 5/5 couldn't get any more convenient than that.The interior - 3/5 - not terrible, but not comfy or funky at all.The bread/muffins - 5/5  Great moist muffins and a variety of breads for any occasion.The desserts - 2/5  There are a couple cakes that are great, but the pastries, tiramisu, etc. were meh to awful. I took two bites of the lemon bar (the second was not because I'm a sucker for punishment but I thought it couldn't possibly be that bad, but indeed it was and promptly tossed it.  Worst EVER.  So here's the rub - people don't typically come to a bakery in the middle of the night for great bread, even if the coffee is fantastic.  They come for sweets/goodies.  So they really need to improve this category if they want to keep those hours and compete with Amelie's.  Their other strategic blunder - the other major void in the Dilworth/Southend/ FreeMoreWest area is a lack of a good sandwich place (sorry Common Market). Seriously is it that hard to make a good sandwich?? Well Nova's has the harder part figured out : the bread. So why not add a small deli and improve their lunch traffic? I know it must have to do with health code and lack of space, but this seems like a swing and miss. The service - 3/5  The servers are quite friendly and generally helpful, with the exception of not being accommodating with the aforementioned dreadful lemon bar when I notified them of the chemical / fake taste. He said "oh yeah, some people expect it to be more lemony," with no offer of an exchange.  I'm still trying to figure that out.
5	This place is a wonderful addition to the exciting Southend neighborhood! I have been here a handful of times at various times of the day. I am always greeting by a friendly staff who are smiling and happy. This bakery is open 24/7 which is awesome for those late night adventures.  There loafs of bread are always fabulous and very reasonably priced. The pumpkin spiced latte is out of this world!! Get it. I love hitting this place up on the weekend and sitting outside with a latte and scone just watching the people go by. If you have not been, definitely give this place a try.
5	I just love this place. It is the perfect replacement for the Laurel Market. Southend definitely needed a spot like this -  coffee, open 24/7, wi-fi, friendly staff and fantastic baked goods, both sweet and savory.
2	This may be backlash due to all the hype I have heard about this place, but it wasn't particularly amazing.I got a loaf of white bread and Challah bread.  Both were slightly dry and stale (maybe I was unlucky).  I also got some baked treats, which were good, but nothing stood out.  I would walk an extra couple of blocks to go to Sweet Lorraine's for treats.As far as service, one person was really friendly and one was slightly edgy and impatient, so they canceled each other out.  Net score = 0.Bottom line is that there is nothing drawing me into this place.  I would be just as satisfied going to Teeter for bakery bread. Although it is open 24/7, so if I needed some late night hard rolls, this may be the place to go.
3	I like this location as an easy stop on the way to work. Good coffee, great chai lattes. The muffins are huge and mostly good (especially Glorious Morning) and the scones and bagels are very good. The breads, though, are a bit stale. Not sure why, given the bakery is supposed to receive freshly baked items every day. Oh well. Service is sometimes friendly and sometimes not.
4	I popped in on a whim to grab something for breakfast. The chocolate croissants (pain au chocolat as I know them) are of the best I've had in this country, Highly recommended.Service was great too.
3	This second location of one of Charlotte's very own is a nice addition to the neighborhood and fills a niche with it's 24/7 'round-the-clock schedule.  While nothing besides the coffee and lattes are made on premises, there are a good amount of breads, muffins, and treats that are available.  At least everything is made locally, however.  Some items appear fresher than others, so it never hurts to ask the staff when your intended purchases were made.The inside has been nicely brightened up and features a couple of small tables and bar seating that faces out onto busy South Boulevard.  This would be a good spot to meet up with a friend or co-worker to just catch up before moving on to bigger adventures.  While there are a meager two parking spaces in front of the store, there are a few more around back.  This is not usually a problem unless you visit during the morning rush with the bagel store next door.I do quite like their muffin selection, especially the 'Glorious Morning.'  It's like a carrot cake in a breakfast muffin and usually has a nice balance of moisture and flavor.  Not too sweet either.  I am also a fan of several of their loaf breads, made in a more European style, with crusty outsides and creamy interior textures.  Baguette is available here too, but I find it a bit lacking in comparison to other local offerings.I've not tried most of the sweets here, so I'll leave that to others, but they sure do pack the display cases full with a seasonal selection.  There is never a worry you are getting 'the last one' of just about anything they have.In all, I'm glad Nova's is here and I am glad someone else has the courage to go for the 24/7 schedule that is so lacking in our city.  For that alone, it is worth a stop in and a sample of what they have to offer.  Supporting locally-owned business?  Well that's worth another stop too.
4	A 24 hour place in Charlotte! And a Nova's at that! I've been a huge fan of their baked goods since they opened in Charlotte and I'm delighted to see not only a second location, but a round-the-clock bakery/coffee shop (Sorry, Amelie's...$3 and a 10 minute wait for a one-bite confection is not my bag).The dessert case is well-stocked, as are the bread baskets and bagels and rolls. Even though the bakery itself is in Plaza-Midwood, I've not experienced any issues with freshness at this location. Delicious and flavorful, especially the challah and the marble brownies. The cookies will tempt you, too, so be warned. The coffee is fresh and there are several varieties and flavors to choose from.The interior is small and you can tell it's an old building - most things in that part of town are, and I feel like seeing glimpses of what the space was before add character. The staff was beyond delightful, especially since it was late night that we went. Very happy and talkative - I felt like I was visiting a friend who was happy to see me.I hope this location does well - they know what they are doing and Charlotte needs more than one or two quality 24 hour spots.
3	Let's make this nice and easyPros:Reasonable priceOpen 24/7Friendly staffCons:Over-hypedSome items tend to be stale (blaming this on management for still having items still on the shelf)
4	Dangerously good and shockingly cheap. It felt like I ordered every item on the menu and walked out paying $15!!! The items are baked fresh everyday and the l;eft over breads are sold discounted the next day (french toast anyone??)! Best thing of all it's 24hrs!
5	Just got a loaf of sourdough bread and it is amazing!  Cheaper than sourdough bread from Target or Harris Teeter and they slice it for free.  Definitely an awesome alternative if you want fresh bread and to help local small business.
5	Excellent coffee- Mandy actually knows how to make a perfect dry cappuccino! And they have introduced me to a Dirty Chai Latte for those days I want tea but need espresso! The staff is super friendly and I can't say enough for their breads, scones and muffins. So glad this location opened-so convenient and a nice alternative to the chain coffee shops!
4	Best chai latte in Charlotte. You can snag day old breads, muffins and scones for a killer deal or spring from fresh made. Can't miss red velvet cookies or cannoli.Outstanding olive spreads as well and usually ample samples to wet your appetite. Hands down delicious scones. Services can back up during peak hours but support local business y'all. Also, at the regional farmers market on weekends. Get there early. They sell out.
4	NOVA'S BAKERYFirst time I've ever been to a Serbian bakery. The baked goods include everything you can expect from a typical bakery, including cookies, croissants, bagels, cheesecakes, freshly-baked breads, etc. We bought the cranberry walnut loaf, which was excellent! Best of all, it's open 24 hours!
4	I stopped in after dinner with my husband for a treat and selected strawberry shortcake and an apple bread loaf to take home.  We shared the strawberry shortcake in the car before going home and it was very good. I have to say the apple bread tasted even better than it looked. Since both items we selected were good, we would return in the future to try something else.
4	Nova's Bakery has been supplying Charlotte with baked goods since 1996, and a few months ago Nova's expanded their operations to include Nova's Bakery Coffee Shop in South End.  The 24-7 bakery and coffee shop serves hand crafted coffee and espresso beverages and baked goods straight from their mother location in Plaza Midwood.  They have a wide variety of fresh baked breads on hand, including sour dough, focaccia, and olive bread, plus bagels, muffins, and scones.  The coffee shop also offers an extensive selection of sweets, including cookies, cakes by the slice, and filled-to-order cannoli.  I can personally vouch for the walnut brownies, which taste especially good when warmed up at home and topped with hot fudge and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Just sayin.  While the coffee shop is small, there are a handful of tables and ample workstation seating with plugs and free wifi.  For a real steal, check out the half-priced day-old baked goods rack.  Nova's is a fantastic addition to South End, but there is one negative.  Even with all the delicious fresh bread they have stocked, they don't serve sandwiches.  Did I mention they're open 24 hours a day
1	Nova's is like that ex-boyfriend who treated you like crap on a regular basis, but you kept going back to him because he was, well, available. Well girl, pick yourself up by your bootstraps and forget him. You can do better. Oh wait, we're talking about a bakery. Right. I didn't give them a great review before, but it's gotten not only worse from a product standpoint and the bread/pastry products are terribly dry (seriously, they only have 3 decent food things - almond cake, paisano rolls and morning glory muffins) but primarily from a service standpoint. In case you didn't know, the bitchy boys are way more important than you and smugly will yell at you for several reasons, but especially if you try and help yourself to coffee beans. Hello? If you don't want self service, put it behind the counter or don't put out the bags! That's kind of a retailing basic.  The coffee is good, but not good enough to get the sh!tty treatment we get at Nova's. EVERY TIME.  Even hubs who works across the street agreed convenience is no longer enough to get him back. It's worth the drive to Dilworth Coffee, Central Coffee or Not Just Coffee. They're available, they're cuter and will treat you well.
2	Stopped in to grab a bite yesterday when I really didn't have time for a sit down lunch.  Had a spinach feta scone that was very dry.  I won't be going back.  Employee was very pleasant, however, so I will give it two stars.
5	Baklava is phenomenal!! Moist and just the right amount of sweet, goodness for less than $2
2	All I had in my mind was a perfectly flaky croissant, but Nova's didn't exactly deliver.  The croissant was okay, but not necessarily flaky.I also purchased a loaf of french bread but was a bit disappointed as well.I like that this place is open 24 hours a day and that they have parking, but if I can, I think I'd choose Amelie's over Nova's.
4	SCONES. Do yourself a favor and go buy a scone from Nova's RIGHT THIS MINUTE. I am a carb-o-holic and have tried almost everything they sell. I thought I'd struck gold with the Glorious Morning muffin, which is so tasty they're almost always sold out :( But then I tried a scone. Heat it in your toaster oven for 5 minutes and you will be biting into the butteriest, flakiest, most delicious scone ever. Just the right balance of flaky and sturdy, not too sweet, and lots of sweet and savory flavors to choose from. This is honestly the best scone I have ever had. Plus the prices are great and the staff is always friendly.Why are you still reading this? Get thee to Nova's for a scone, stat!
3	Raspberry turnovers are good. The loaves always mold quicker than bread I have bought at other bakeries.
2	This review is only for the pecan sticky bun and the country sourdough bread loaf. I wasn't greatly impressed with either. The sourdough did have a nice sour flavor but was too dense and hard. The sticky bun was good for the few bites with the syrup on top, but the rest was bland and doughy with not enough filling. The guy behind the counter was very helpful and friendly. They have free wi-if and are open 24 hrs. Seemed like a nice place to hang out if you're so inclined.
4	When you get tired of the crowds of Amalie's, check out Nova's Bakery.  Their pastries are delicious and their hot drinks are great.  They also have great fresh bread, a large wall of whole-bean coffee, and lots of interesting wine.  Plus it's 24/7 which is perfect for folks like me who work unconventional hours.
5	I love getting coffee and a muffin here on Sunday mornings.  The muffins are as big as your fist, the coffee is fresh and there are several varieties from which to choose.  Prices are more than reasonable.  I also recently placed an order for two loaves of rye bread for the super bowl (we did our own bread bowl dip).  We needed to order ahead of time because we wanted the large loaves, but the price again was extremely reasonable, especially for fresh, local, delicious and *large* loaves.  Did I mention they're open 24 hours to satisfy your cravings any time of day or night?  :-)
5	I think Nova's has the best iced espresso drinks in town.  The bakery items are ridiculous.  The bran muffin is my personal favorite.  Not a lot of seating so I would suggest taking your coffee/sweet treats to go. Friendly service, great coffee, and endless sweets!
5	Nova's Bakery is such a great neighborhood spot for a yummy cup of coffee and pastry. They have the best chai tea lattes in town! I also love their bagels and chocolate chip muffins. You can tell that everything is fresh. The staff is always super nice and helpful! I love coming with friends on the weekends and enjoying the outdoor seating- much better local alternative than Einsteins Bagels next door :)
1	I will never spend a single cent in this establishment because they use the extortioners "Wheel Blockers" - do not park and enter this establishment if you do not want your car booted and to be treated terribly by shady characters.
4	Popped in on Saturday morning. Staff friendly pastries delicious. Got a spinach feta scone and a chocolate croissant with chocolate along with coffee.
3	I might have set out to Nova's with too high a bar set for my expectations. Or maybe I went at a weird time, close to the end of the day on a Thursday. Who knows! It was a nice enough place, but it was a bit dirty, and there were a lot of little critters around. Generally, I prefer my pastries without a side of ants and flies, but maybe that's just me. Or maybe it was the slightly-too-hard sticky pecan bun I had. Who knows.I really wanted to like it, and I do intend to give it a second try. But for now....eh.
4	Wanting something sweet at the end of a fun filled night of drinking and saw Nova's Bakery on the way back to my friends place. My friends from Charlotte said it was hit or miss. Went with a brownie and the wife with with cheese cake. Both were very tasty and   even that they were about to close the guy working counter was is no rush to get us out the door. I also got a variety of scones for breakfast that were also very tasty.
5	AMAZING tuxedo cake and breads. Family owned and operated. Half of the breads served in Charlotte restaurants are from Nova's! Wonderful bakery, with a laid back atmosphere.
4	I love Nova's Bakery.  My favorite things to get are the chocolate tuxedo cake and tiramisu. For about $3.00 a slice, it is worth every penny....so rich and just yummy. The staff is always friendly and  the atomosphere makes me nostalgic and I begin to miss my college days of studying in cozy coffee houses.
5	Love this bakery best in Charlotte. . I start every morning with a red eye made from Tanja. .. The worst thing I have ever gotten from novas was diabetes. Five stars for novas..
