3	On my crew's past weekend's reintroduction to downtown, one of the places we were required to hit was Mickie Finnz for their fabled fish bowl cocktails.  Unlike the giant 'fishbowl' drinks at other Vegas establishments, I had photographic evidence that this cocktail came in an actual fishbowl with ginormously long neon straws.  This brought me more excitement than should be allowed.Mickie Finnz is apparently a 'fish house' that is next door to Hennessey's tavern directly on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd. and Fremont, across from Neonopolis.  There wasn't much evidence of fish housery when we went, but the bar was open and a cover band was playing their heart out.  We ordered the fishbowl drink - The Big Surf - at a price of $15.95 a piece.  It touted 64 oz of boozey deliciousness, although we surmised that half of that was ice and another 1/4 pure pineapple juice, but regardless it was tasty and IN A FISHBOWL.  The band played cover band standards by Jewel and Alanis Morissette and my friend Lunchbox (he'd had a few) was popping and locking in front of them all by his lonesome, to the band's utter delight.Of course, being a restaurant the ambiance was slightly lacking, and the clientele was all tourists save us.  It wasn't the most thrilling place in the entire world, but I recommend it highly if you're as excited as I was at the prospect of drinking out of a fishbowl.  In which case, I have the number of a counselor you may also want to see.
1	My friend and I came across Mickie Finnz Fish House after searching down Fremont St. for an Italian eatery we saw advertised the night before.  Since we were tired from a lot of walking, and hungry to say the least, we decided to hit it up.  Needless to say, our experience was flat-out BAD.  The hostess lets us decide where to sit, and that a waitress would be on her way (with 1/3 capacity full, it still took her a little over 10 minutes to reach our table, a table seated on the outside with only 2 other cpls/groups being waited on.)  If that's your policy as a business, you damn-sure better be on your shit for service, and this was not the case.  Usually the 3-strike rule should apply, but for some reason we ended up giving her more than deserved.She finally gets to us and asks for drinks.  STRIKE 1-  I wanted a house margarita, and rather than ask for on the rocks or blended, she jotts it down and proceeds back to the bar.  Fucker.  She comes back about another 10 minutes later with our drinks (noted: our table was about 15 feet away from the outside walk-up bar) but luckily my drink was how I wanted it in the first place.  Still, all this took way too long to happen, which shoulda been a sign to just drink there and eat somewhere else...  bad choice.So we order our food (split between a "Shrimp Bucket [sided with fries] and Mahi-Mahi [sided w/ vegs]) and after a cpl minutes decide to walk around a little to look at a map of the area.  As we're approaching back to our table, our waitress, helping another family near the entrance, reinterates our order one more time making sure she didn't get it wrong.  Not that there's anything wrong with getting it right, but isn't that why we write orders down?STRIKE 2-  Our food comes out, but we've yet to be given silverware nor plates of any kind.  First, the "shrimp bucket" was clearly misleading as it had approx. 8 grilled (er, should we say BURNED) shrimp on skewers, and a bucket about  10" high filled with fries... yes, more like "FRIES Bucket [sided w/ Burnt Shrimp]"  That's what it shoulda said, else we would've never ordered it!  As for the Mahi-Mahi?STRIKE 3-  It might have been pan-coconut-crusted but it was pretty much between the raw-rare stages... something, as a waitress, she should've confirmed before, asking how we wanted the fish to be cooked.  It was tasteless and only fared decent with the drizzle of hot sauce provided next to the cold side of veggies.  Oh yes, apparantly the dish already comes with vegetables, and had I known that I could've ordered something different. That constitutes an automatic STRIKE 4!Oh before I forget, when we have to ASK for plate/silverware, she brings out 1 (yes, one, singular) plate and some fork/knife set that looked just washed.  Not just bringing it to us, she half-heartedly drops the plate in front of my friend.  STRIKE 5!   Then to top it off, she comes back one time only to check up on us, and while I ignore her my friend has the urge to stick it to her about the food, to which she takes as an invite to bring over the manager... we didn't want the manager, nor did we ask for him.  But still, she does it anyway-  #6!  So we end up explaining everything to him, and all he can do is order my friend another Mojito, one that he refused the first time but the manager still persisted to bring out.As you can imagine, there was NO tipping involved here.  It simply would've felt WRONG to do so.  And I would NEVER E-V-E-R recommend this place to any tourist, let alone neighborhood regular.  If the food was outstanding I might be able to put up with the subpar JV-type service, but even the food sucked.  The only approval I can give is the the fries... those were decent, and pretty big too, but not worth all the other shit thrown in.  A waste of both $$$ and time, Mickie Finnz gets TWO BIG FUCKING THUMBS DOWN!
4	Live Band, pretty cool music, good drinks, great food, and awesome bartenders who will actually talk with you and not just pour you a drink.  This is a spot most locals love to come to.  The servers are really nice and friendly.  The type of people who come here are people who are looking for a good time and just feel relaxed.When I come here I'm warmed with friendly smiles by all the employees.  The first greeting I get is "Have a seat anywhere you like".  When you walk up the few stairs to the right is a fire pit to warm you on a cold night while sipping on a Corona, Budweiser, Jack, Sex On the Beach, Washington Apple, a shot of Jose.    Or, you can sit inside by the bar and talk to a bartender as he/she pours you a drink.  Another alternative is to sit on a table by the band playing as you order food.  Either way, what ever it is you decide to do here you'll have a great time.I only ended up eating fries  and drinking red bull, and a coke but I'm looking forward to eating more of their food when I have more free time.  I've only had the ambiance and the interaction with the employees.  I am looking to eat Steak on Monday and drink a beer when time comes.
4	Food is pretty god-damned awful in downtown Las Vegas -- trust me, I worked here for a year and tried pretty much every restaurant.  Mickie Finnz was a nice change of pace from the seedy buffets and coffee shops you find on Fremont St.  Though the service tended to usually be pretty slow, the food was pretty good.  And the place was so big, I don't think we ever waited for a table.
2	Walking down Fremont street I spot a sign .....Cabo Wabo margarita with a shot of tequila in a commemorative glass - keep the shot glassSounds like it is right up my alleyFound out it was only available during happy hour - so I happily planned to enjoy happy hour the next day.I show up at the appointed hour and wait for some service at my table.The area is not overcrowded with the other 7 people in the place.After no service shows, I go up to the bar ... ready to drink.I am informed that they now longer have the shot glass for the special, but would I be interested in another of their fine margaritas." We sold more than 1200 of the specials."Looking around at the emptiness I thought perhaps the special actually brought some real business here.Do they not think it might be a good idea to order some additional glasses to enhance the number of customers ????I asked why is the sign still up - if you can't get the special ....I'm not sure I got an answer, but I did find out once again that they sold more than 1200 of the specials.I informed the bartender that that did not do much for me.All in all - poor service and a classic bait and switch -  "we don't have that ....  but can I interest you in ....." I think they specialize in "Sad hours" ... not "Happy Hours."Enter at your own risk.
3	I come here for an evening snack of fries and a passion fruit mojito when I'm in town and happen to be staying at the Golden Nugget again. They do these 2 things (mojitos in general, but the passion fruit one happens to be my favorite) really good. I've also had he "surfers bucket" (the pulled pork mini bite included in the deal is gross and laughable) and the bbq chicken pizza (ok, not bad at all) but I'm done sampling anymore of the fare here. I'll stick to my usual. Very friendly wait staff as well.
1	This place is a bar/restaurant. Do not expect a lot from the food because it is horrible. My advice, do not eat here.
3	We went there on a Thursday night and tried the $9.99 steak & beer special. It came with a baked potato and a glass of their house ale. The baked potato was good (as if you could screw up a baked potato). The steak was pretty lean, not Kobe beef by any means but what do you really expect for $9.99. It wasn't bad at all, I've had worse and paid more. * as a side note, they cook their steaks a little well, so if you like medium, get it medium rare that's what I did. My husband got his medium which was more like medium well...............Lucky for me after 3 glasses of ale , he doesn't get too bothered by a thing like that :-) Anyway our server was attentive, the bar tender was personable, and with the patio seating you can't beat Freemont street people watching. Their house band was playing, we didn't catch their names but they were really good. The patio also has a little fire pit, it's a nice spot to just chill( pardon the 90's verbiage). The ale is a good deal @ $4 a glass, its on the sweeter side but still light. I think it tastes like a sweet Corona, my husband says it tastes like OLD- E, I don't know because I've never had OLD -E and don't plan on it. However if anyone out there has had OLD -E , and tries the house ale @ Mickie Finnz , please let me know if its similar or if my husband is just having PTSD from too much malt liquor in his youth. :-)
4	We first learned about this restaurant through the entertainment book (buy one get one free coupons). We also use the certificates from the www.restaurant.com program. (They got wise though; they adjusted the certificate value from $35 to $50.) This is one of the best restaurants in the downtown/Fremont Street Experience area. The atmosphere is a fun beach theme. There are a ton of tv's, indoor seating with booths and tables, outdoor seating with a fire pit, and a bar in the front of the restaurant. We've eaten at the adjoining Hennessy's (same kitchen, different menu & theme- Irish Pub) but I just thought it was alright. If you park in the Neonopolis garage (red), you can get your parking ticket validated here.  We really like the Nachos & BBQ Chicken Pizza (it's as good as CPK's but cheaper, $9.99). The pulled chicken on both of these dishes is yummy. If you come with a crowd, you can order a couple pizzas, the nachos, and another appetizer for pretty cheap. If it's just me and my husband, we usually bring home leftovers. We've taken many people here and they all like the food as well. I love the nachos- it's my favorite in this city. We had the buckets before, but were really disappointed- the meat was plain, the portions were small, and it wasn't like "Rockin Baja Lobster." We wished that we had ordered our favorites.There are daily specials (two for one deals). One part of the restaurant looks like it's set up for late night entertaining. It's a neat place with cheap food, but when we come for lunch or dinner, it's pretty empty- hope that it stays open. We've had good servers and some not-so-attentive servers. But we overlook it when it does happen, because we like the food so much. Side note: We tried meeting our out of town friends here for dinner but the power went out; that was disappointing, but not the restaurant's fault- it was raining that night. Honorable mention: one time, our food took a while to come out, the pizza was taken off our bill, courtesy of the manager. As I said before, Hennessy's (neighbor and same kitchen) did not impress me.
2	1st let me say we didn't come here to eat... & only ordered beverages. We came here to see the 1st Cowboy pre-season game. My bf is not a fan of the them.. he's a 49er fan..and I love him IN SPITE of that.  Anyways.. this place was where he chose.. out of every place on the FSE area. really? there was a live singer which w/h been cool if we werent there to watch a game. I was not feeling well and ordered only water and the waitress kept trying to get me to order a drink? not sure if I HAD to order one b/c we were seated @ the bar, but w/e. My bf ordered me a drink that was very good but I'd never come here again b/c the prices were just ridiculous. If you are planning on ordering just one, well go right ahead but to me, that lil small drink wasnt worth $9.00. I know iv'e ordered mixed drinks on the strip, hell @ caesar's palace bars for about the same but they were big drinks. This place was just over-priced and we could have gone elsewhere. You are paying for environment in my opinion, and a pushy waitress.
2	Went here with a 50% off coupon sold to me by the tix4tonight booth.  I was disappointed. Everything was overcooked and looked unappetizing in general. Actually, the fish taco was good, but the shrimp and mahi mahi were mediocre at best. The soda tasted funky, to the point where my bf sent his back. It looks like a fun place to drink at night and they have live music and a tropical cabana theme. They also had a claw machine with live lobsters, (you catch it, they cook it.) It'd probably be a fun place to go drink with friends. But as far as dinner goes, if you're in Vegas, do yourself a favor and eat at one of the other million restaurants.
1	Walked out before ordering. Menu wasn't appealing enough to friends.
2	Meh  Mediocre from top to bottom.  They have a lively crowd sometimes on the weekend which can make it a fun place to drink, but the food is just an overpriced version of Long John Silvers fare.  To be fair, it's unrealistic to expect good seafood in the middle of the desert without paying for the expense of flying it in from the coast that day.  Mickie Finz is for drinkin', not for eatin'.
3	My friends,my Mom and I ventured into this Fish House located along the Freemont Street Experience before a large lighted "Las Vegas" neon sign. A Carribean-Mexican Beach-style Fish House restaurant, bar/pub that offers live band music starting at 10 p.m. Climb up low wooden stairs to a verandah-type patio decorated with mini lights. There is option to dine in this patio or walk into the dining area that surrounds the main bar area in the center of the restaurant. Colorful seaside paintings adorn the walls. Electric-lighted paper lanterns decorate the bar. Signature cocktails, beer, and specialty drinks are offered on the menu along with soups, salads, munchies, pizza, sandwiches, burgers, taco plates, seafood buckets, fresh fish dinners, steaks, side dishes, desserts, hot and cold beverages. Atmosphere is cozy with tables and booth type-seatings. Carribean, hip-hop, rock pop music plays when the live band music is not playing. Large TV displays a music channel or sports on its monitor.The night we dined I ordered the Fish Tacos meal and a lemonade soda which was served in a tall glass...it was sour and sweet as lemonade should be. Not watered down taste. The Fish Tacos here was just right for me (but it could have been better). It was served with chips on the side. The multi-colors of the chips may have put me on a "good mood." I wouldn't recommend the soup my Mom and my girl friend ordered, as it tasted salty and was cold. Can't tell you what the soup is named as they themselves decided to just forget about it!, or rather as a New Yorker would say, "Fohwwwgehhhdtttdabouttitt!!" My girl friend & I's male friend had burger sliders and he said it was simply good enough to eat. He is the kind of person to eat burgers a lot and he found it just satisfying enough. So enough said with the food!Mega-jumbo size cocktail can be taken home as it is in a souvenir take-home glass. Just take the second-hand smoke in if you really care to dine here. Otherwise, it's a pleasant experience. The Freemont Street Experience Light Show, people watching, other live band music playing on its stages, variety stores, the entertaining crowd will entice you to linger more around Freemont Street (I'd rather like to go on a culture crawl).
1	If you make the mistake of hitting up Mickie Finnz for 2 for 1 Tuesday, you will be a sad, sad fellow.  The place takes frozen burgers to a new low.  Tasteless and uninteresting.  Yes, it's cheap, but wow, why bother.  McDonalds completely trumps Mickie Finnz and even at 2 for 1, Mickie D's is cheaper.
2	I like the open areas outside (kind of a wrap-around patio), but other than that, there's really no point. The food is quite awful. The happy hour specials are so-so. The drinks are bleh. But I do appreciate the live music. And the bartenders can be friendly on the right day at the right time. So um, sit outside near the front entrance, get a beer, and enjoy the live music and Fremont St. people-watching.
4	I've been here twice, and I like what I've seen.Good burgers, nice, funny staff, their lounge area is excellent to just sit back, and people watch (not to mention that great fire pit of theirs), live music....  All of that is well and good, but that's not my favorite part."What is it then", you ask?Drinks served in coconuts carved to look like monkeys.For $12 mere dollars, you can get an amazing coconut carved to look like a monkey.  Not to mention that there are various types of banana liqueur drinks served for said amazing beverage holder.The first time I went there, they were sold out, and that made me sad.  Last night?  I was getting that monkey, by gum.So in I went, ordered it, and walked out to a surprised patio full of friends and unrelated patrons."I drink out of coconuts now", I said after a mighty sip of banana booze.  "Coconuts are cool".And you even get to take the coconut home, which means that I get to be cool any time I feel like it.  They'll have to pry this drink amazement out of my cold, dead hands before they can take it away from me.And this is why I love the various bars of Fremont Street.
5	Just happened upon this place when we were walking down fremont street. Great burgers and drinks. It was nice to sit outside and enjoy a few drinks and watch the people walk by.
1	Tourist Trap!  Worst fish and chip I've ever had.  My wife's mahi mahi sandwich looked like something you buy at costco.
4	Good fish and chips at 10 PM with good live music.
3	My first time there. It was an alright restaurant for our needs at the time...late night eats. Waitress was prompt and courteous. Decor and cleanliness decent. Live band was a little too loud for my tastes. The quality and preparation of the food is what really brought down the score for this place. Would probably not revisit this restaurant unless persuaded by friends.
3	This is a bar. Make no mistake about it! It's a bar overlooking Freemont street, but a bar none-the-less. That being said, the menu is basically "bar food". The food was however very nicely prepared and tasty. It's not going to win any culinary awards, but if you're looking for some hefty nachos or a crab cake sandwich, it's a great place to sit down and take in the Freemont experience!
1	I was really disapointed in the food. I orderd the fish tachos, they were drowned with tarter sauce, they should have just called it Tarter Sauce Tacos. Chips that were served were stale. The rice and beans were bland. Food was defenitely not fresh, you can tell it was pre-made frozen...The service sucked. When I went inside I went to the host stand and waited 5-6 minutes before I asked one of the two waitrress that walked by me numerous times can I please be seated and she replied "oh no one told you could seat yourself", thats funny cause she was one of the 2 waitress that walked by me and saw me standing at the host stand. (Brittany? Glasses and tatoos) I finally got seated and Brittany took care of me, and service was average at best, never refilled my coke. Bottom line the FOOD SUCKS, service is average. Place is ok to go have drinks, nothing more.
5	I came here with one of my friends before we ziplined...I loved it here! The bartender/owner was so nice! There was a couple that was sharing a drink down the way that paid for my friends and my drink! We had a margarita which was out of this world! The bar is clean and I'm 90% sure the food would be fantastic too! It's a fun place to be and I will totally go again!
3	This is a fun little place to grab a drink with friends and people watch. This is similar to a beach bar. The place is open and airy. It is not intimate dining or upscale dining but it looks like a place to grab a "snack". Also, you can try to "win" a lobster for $2 in the lobster claw machine...if you are successful (you won't be) they will prepare it for you! I love this...I tried! I had a pretty good Cosmopolitan and my husband had a few beers at the bar. I would go back!
4	I'm sitting at Mickie Finnz after my husband and I just had our dinner. We are staying on the strip and this is the first meal we've had that wasn't $50 and it was great! It's a Tuesday so they have a two-for-one special on their fish tacos and burgers. My husband and I both had the blackened fish tacos on the outdoor patio and we both enjoyed it!  Bobbi took great care of us and our bill for two entrees and two mixes drinks was $25.86 before the tip. A lot of food at a really good deal. Can't beat that!
4	$2 Lobster! $2 Lobster!That's all it took for my husband to read before heading in and grabbing a seat. Once we saw the Claw machine with the lobsters we were in it to win it!After a couple of attempts I checked in on Yelp and received a 50% off coupon for an appetizer. We decided to stay and hang out while my husband and I played the claw machine. The wings we ordered were surprisingly good! But even better was the $2 Lobster we shared...it was yummy! The staff was super friendly and attentive.All and all a good experience...totally recommend as a chill place. We will visit again.
3	Spinning like a grazed bowling pin, I walk, ninety-percent inebriated, over to Mickie Finnz with my girlfriend in tow. After feeling like someone took a cream pie to my soul, I decide to go order the most conspicuously bombastic drink ever. A cocktail in a fish bowl.We decide to order the most fizzy, neon, gut-bleaching drink on the menu. The stuff is mostly comprised of rum and some nondescript energy drink. The server pleads with me to not order the stuff. "Um. Don't do this to yourself," she says with biblical conviction. "I have to! I have no choice!" I exclaim, the collar of my shirt drunkenly crooked and sticking up like ruffled feathers on a limping pigeon. "Whatever, man," I hear from the now indifferent lips of the once concerned server.The concoction of well spirits, the juicy innards of a popped open can of energy drink, and the distilled hatred of a thousand future memories is swelling in the witch's cauldron of this gigantic fish bowl. My eyes light up; not from excitement but because the color of this drink is so bright. It looks like the green ooze from those Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movies.My girlfriend and I spend the next thirty minutes passing this monstrous thing back and fourth like it was a medicine ball. After we finish the fish bowl we spend the next three days feeling like someone took an ice pick to our frontal lobes. That said, I would definitely recommend playing Russian roulette at Mickie Finnz - but only if someone is with you who will share the agony and regret with good humor.
1	This place is horrible! We sat down at approx. 11:40pm and our waiter walked by and said she would be right with us. The waiter came back at 11:58pm and said "By the way the kitchen is closed". I asked what time does the kitchen close and she said 12am. I told her it wasn't fair that we were sitting for 15 minutes and no one helped us in time. The manager (Jessica) came over and apologized and said they are busy. Sounds like a sorry excuse for wanting to leave early. Anyone who is seated prior to 12am should be served. Ridiculous excuse for a resturant.
5	I went to Mickie Finnz at the strong urging of some friends of mine who like it there.  It has a very cool atmosphere and offers outside bar/patio dining as well as inside bar and restaurant dining.  The decor is really good actually, considering its downtown.  (ew not a fan of most things downtown)   Our server was Kate and she was fantastic.  She was very personable and her recommendations from the menu were spot on.  Service was very prompt and everything came out correct and delicious.  Also, we went during happy hour so we got discounts on booze, (never a bad thing) and discounts on appetizers as well.  I had the Baja fish tacos and they were splendid.  Beer Battered Cod, with cabbage and a reealllllyyyy good tartar sauce.   yum.  My friend had the pulled pork sandwich and she enjoyed it.  For dessert: wait for it........   BANANA CHIMICHANGA - are you kidding me?   exactly what you are thinking...   banana, flour tortilla, deep fried with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce... omg, one of my favorite desserts I have had in a very long time.   I would go back specifically because of this.  Oh yeah, bonus... the manager, Sarah (i believe) even came over to put her personal stamp on things to make sure things were going well.   overall a GREAT experience.  I would definitely go back... next time I am downtown, I will definitely hit this place up.... as should you!
3	Heard a band playing Sublime so we wandered in.  Laid back bar without pushy service or douchy clientele.  Agood place to grab a few cold beers and beat the heat.
3	Came here for lunch while touring around downtown with a family friend who is a local. He wanted to take us to the Heart Attack Grill right across the way but a place that advertises excessive calorie burgers freaked us out a little. This place is kitschy and a little seedy, but a nice cozy contrast to the extravagance of The Strip. We had some fish tacos and crab cakes which were all solid, but not incredible. We appreciated the accurate pricing of the food. The young lady who was our server was as unenthusiastic as they come, but we weren't expecting much more. Definitely a no-frills dive. Reminiscent of Islands restaurants.
4	This was our first stop on Fremont for Pride Fest. We were drawn in by the great band doing some pretty fantastic Sublime & 311 covers. They were a great surprise that's for sure.They have a nice selection of giant drinks that can be shared with a couple friends.We had a yummy blue one that sure was  a hit. Got us primed for the night for sure!
1	Ok, I get it...you're busy. It's Saturday night. But do your guests a service and tell them it'll be a bit. Don't let 45 mins go by after they order and ignore them until they're walking out the door.
3	If you gamble you drink for free!  Me likey!We even did shots of nice Patron and they were still comped.  Sat at the bar which is right by the open windows, had a nice breeze, gambled, drank, watched football [notice the underlying tone of 90% of my reviews], enjoyed the nice day.I ordered a fish sandwich with no bun. It came with tri-colored nacho looking chips that I ignored, did try the salsa and it definitely was 'overworked' it was more like a sauce then a salsa.  But the fish was pretty good...pretty sure it was previously frozen but you aren't going to get 'fresh' Mahi Mahi in the desert. I put some lemon on it as it was a little plain [maybe order it blackened].Friend got the fried fish tacos which he said he liked. I will have to agree with Mark Z here, he also got black beans and rice and boy were they bland!  Definitely not cooking it up Cuban or Mexican style, it's white boy bland. A little Goya Sazon would do these up much better, maybe some peppers and onions [talk to the Havana Grille they got some black beans going on!]We gambled= 2 drinks, 4 shots, and 2 meals our total bill was $21.00 with tax [not tip]. We tipped pretty well since we didn't get charged for drinks and good service at the bar.I'd go again.  I wouldn't drive to go there, but if I was in the area it would be an option.
4	I am absolutely craving the Crab Cake Sliders I had at Mickie Finnz last night! 4 sliders, each with a different sauce (chipotle aoli, caper tarter,....can't be sure of the other 2, but all were amazing!)The only thin that would have made em better would be if they grilled the buns.  Pam, our bartender was fun, prompt, and went out of her way to make sure I had the cider I wanted.  I can't wait to go back for more!
3	I need to return to Mickie Finnz someday to try something different than what I had last night after the Yelp event at Commonwealth. I was buzzing off alcohol so my review isn't completely based off of a sober palate. The many times I have been Downtown I have always passed by Mickie Finnz assuming it was just another bar. I had no idea they actually had food. It is usually overshadowed by Hennessy's - the tavern next door that I used to frequent quite often while trying to max out my Jameson stamp card.But back to Finnz - basically my friends and I needed food after drinking so much, so actually, this place was perfect. They offer a very eclectic menu, with some sandwiches, "munchies" (apps), and "Buckets" of seafood. I didn't really care to have a bucket last night so I went for a "munchie" instead.I ordered the Chimichanga appetizers. I did not know what to expect because I was ordering Mexican food at an Irish sounding seafood place. (?) They came out naked aka they were not smothered with red sauce and cheese like you will typically get chimichangas. However, they were deep fried to a nice crispy exterior and hot interior of ground beef. I was surprised by the ground beef - usually chimichangas are shredded, but it did not deter me from eating them. They also come with a salsa, pico de gallo, sour cream, and lettuce. You can basically fork on whatever you like onto each chimichanga as you eat it. The platter comes with four of the mini chimichangas.Our service was pretty good, our waitress nice. Although it would have been nice to have had our waters filled a little more often. Like I said, I need to go back and give it another try. Next time I'll probably go for some seafood and get one of those "buckets" of fried deliciousness. For now I am giving the rating of A-OK.
4	Whenever I work downtown, it's always nice to have lunch at a place that offers adult beverages.  Remember, it's always 5pm somewhere! LOL.  For this lunch, we decided to visit Mickie Finnz as it was national Margarita day.  Don't ask me how we knew that.  Our group is bunch of drinkers and we always know alcoholic Holidays.  The one thing I noticed is that the decor is either intentionally older or very outdated.  Contrasting colors like bright blue, yellow and red, wooden chairs and an overall tropical theme.  I do enjoy the amount of natural lighting that comes into the restaurant.  The bar is airy and there's ample seating.  For lunch, I started with a Suntan Martini for $8.00.  I know it was national Margarita day, however, I'm a bigger martini fan.  Remember that if you check into Foursquare, you get 50% off of any signature cocktail.  This martini has coconut and pineapple rums mixed with tropical fruit juices, then shaken.  Super sweet cocktail so be advised.  For lunch I got the Giant Fish Sandwich for $10.95.  This sandwich had a huge cut of beer battered cod, with lettuce, red onions and tomatoes all on a toasted French roll.  This dish is served with tartar sauce, tortilla chips and salsa.  This sandwich was on point!  The cod was perfect cooked, super crispy on the outside and flaky and juicy on the inside.  The tartar sauce perfectly complimented the fish and sandwich as a whole.  Overall, my experience was actually a good one.  Haven't heard the best of reviews from some, but I thought my experience was great.  The drinks were good, the food was great, I'm definitely coming back :)
2	This place is very inconsistent. Inside you will find a dirty dive bar with chipped floors, holey seat cushions with fluff coming out, dirty walls, and nasty ceilings. Your first thought should be run away! But you'd be missing some good food. The burgers and fish and chips are delicious but the fish bowl drinks are suspiciously short on alcohol. This place needs a make over bad, but for the price and food it's ok.
3	The food here is not the best, but I've eaten here a few times.  Once for lunch and that was okay.  The service was alright, kind of slow for a relatively empty restaurant at lunch time.  Had the fish and chips and it seemed like it took a while to come out.  Chicken wings for appetizers to start with and they came out essentially the same time the meal came out.  The other time I came to this establishment was during a downtown pub crawl.  That was a little more exciting.  They had a live band playing and they were pretty good.  Dance floor was right in front of the band and everyone was having a good time.  This place is better recommended for after hour drinks than their food.
5	awesome awesome drinks, we went during feb which was the day of the color run so it was a bit busy but still good service. everytime im in vegas i always make it a point to go to mickie finnz.  we will see u again in april cant wait.
2	Maitai's....horrid and gross,artificial and cough syrupy taste.Lemonade booze drink.....not bad.Guacamole and chips.....guac was SUPER fresh and chunky, but very little flavor. seemed it was just fresh avocado with no seasoning or spices at all....chips were fresh and tasty.Pizza...the absolutely most horrid pizza I have had....EVER. My partners was just as crappy. Premade crust with the holes poked in it with nasty ketchup like sauce, rubbery cheese..... and they were out of fresh basil to make it even lamer.Remember the crap pizza you would get back in elementary school back in the 70's? The pizza was 10 levels BELOW that. Sorry, just being honest here.Service was slow,slow,slow....we had to BEG for our check.DON'T GET THE PIZZA!DON'T GET THE MAITAI'S !
2	Thre first time I tried this place a couple of years ago . . . I swore I would never be back . . . however . . . this trip my brother talked me into going again, because he wanted fish tacos.Service . . . waited almost 10 minutes for the waitress to acknowlege us . . . another 10 minutes until she was back to take our order . . . and after the food came, we had to track her down to get the bill . . . kind of wonder if we left without paying if she would have noticed.Food . . . crab cake sliders . . . four different topings . . . cold crab cakes . . . extremely hot buns . . . I was confused . . . and my taste buds were definitely not happy.Return . . . highly unlikely
5	Great service, good food and GREAT music. I ended up going down there with some friends to see one of their regular bands 'All the Mad Men' and couldn't be happier. All the girls that work there are super friendly and the bartender Sarah was GREAT! The chicken sandwich was pretty damn good and I found my new favorite cover band. Definitely worth checking out.
4	Mickie Finnz is my downtown "Home Base".  Since the downtown scene is so exciting, it is good to have a place where everyone knows you.  Well, not everyone.I mainly go here late night on the weekends.  The main draw, for me, is the live music and it is exceptional with high marks to my fav, All the MadMen.  The area in front of the stage serves as a dance floor and the servers will clear out tables if you want to dance.The theme is a Pacific, beachy-surfer hang out.  I assume Pacific for the tikis and palm thatched overhangs.There are both indoor & outdoor dining.  Also, uniquely, it is kid friendly.  There is no smoking in the establishment, but they do provide smoking areas just outside the main door.  The outdoor dining is divided into a couple areas, some regular tables with full view of the stage that is separated from the main dining area by folding, glass doors which are typically, fully open.  The other area has a fire pit, more table seating and the "patio" bar.  If there is a band playing and you want to have a conversation, this area is your best bet.Food-wise, I typically only get appetizers and really enjoy the bucket of fries.  They have daily drink specials and you can use certain apps to get half-off a signature cocktail, each visit.Additionally, there is a "claw" machine, that, for $2, if you can catch a lobster, they will cook it for you for your $2 Lobster Dinner.  You gotta read the fine print, I suppose.Cocktails, well, I am not well versed in the sweet drink category, but I do order MaiTais, Margaritas, and have been known to share either of their "fishbowl" drinks, the Big Wave (contains Red Bull) or the Biggest Blue Hawaiian.  These are an exceptional value at $20 for a 64oz drink and pretty tasty, too.Here is a direct link to their menu:http://www.mickiefinnzlasvegas.com/menu.htmlThe service i experience is almost always very good.  Partly because I am a regular, I am sure.My bottom line, the staff is friendly, the drinks are good (and can be cheap), and the live music is amazing.  I recommend it as super casual, night-time hang out, especially on the weekends.
1	Well I'm really confused as to why Yelp would remove my review, being that's what this is all about.. Let me rephrase.. The waitress Jen U. was very unfriendly and had a horrible attitude to be dealing with the public. I will not be returning. This was not my first visit, but was my first unhappy visit.
3	Our server was super sweet. The portions were huge. The location was perfect. We walked up, got seated right away. The food was super mediocre. The price was decent, considering it was a tourist area. Probably will not be back next time we're in Vegas, but it filled us up this time.
4	The food is a lot better then you might think. The margarita pizza is amazing. The salsa is awesome. The beer pong is great here I love going to Mickie Finnz every year
1	No service unless asked for, and even then we weren't really 'served', just sort of ignored. Never going there again.
4	I am not crazy about seafood most of the time, especially in a landlocked state, but this place is definitely worth writing about. Their fish & chips are insanely delicious, especially for the price. They give you a giant piece of beer-battered cod and a bunch of fries, plus some really good tartar sauce that may or may not have been made by Jesus Himself.The place looks kind of divey at first, but it is very clean. We went during the day, so I have no idea what the night life is like, but it was a great sanctuary from the heat and they had some tasty-sounding drink options. The service was great - our waitress was lovely and we did not have to wait a long time for our food. This place turned out to be just what I needed to recharge my battery after a bad hangover.
1	After my first experience on Fremont Street, it was ruined due to this establishment. My friends and I hadn't eaten all day and were looking for good food. After looking at the menu, we decided to take a seat. After a while, a waitress came and took our drink order. About 3 minutes later, she ran to our table, ducked down and stated that she didn't want to talk to the creeper on the patio are so was pretending like she was working. Strike one, she could have been actually working and getting our drinks. We were not amused. There were only about 3 tables of people in the place as well. After she dropped off our drinks, she went back to talking with the guys by the patio (who were clearly just there to talk and not order).She returned and took our order. I had my heart set on the crab cake sliders, but she said they were out of crab cakes. We went with a bucket of fries, fish tacos, and a chicken quesadilla. Once the food was delivered, the waitress walked away. My friend noticed her chicken quesadilla was actually steak. We waved down the waitress, and she grabbed the plate and said she could bring another. A bit later she returned and dropped off the quesadilla. It was another steak quesadilla...and cold. We waved down the waitress again and told her it was steak again and to just take it off the bill. She looked at my friend and said, "well then, the first one was chicken" and walked away. No apology, just attitude. It was clearly not chicken either time. She returned, literally threw the book with the check on it on the table and walked away, saying nothing else. We tracked down a manager, who took care of the tab. She also stated she spoke to the server. We could tell, considering she was staring down the table behind the manager. We got up and left, never planning on returning again.I have worked in the food industry, as well as managed restaurants. I have never experienced such an awful visit or server in my life!
5	Wow. Natalie definitely makes you feel at home. Glad I ended up here. Went some other place total ass holes. not going to mention names. Heart attack grill. Service and food was great.
4	Hillary is an awesome bartender. Great drinks and great person to have serving you drinks. Hillary gets 5 stars but I only give 4 stars to the establishment since the management banned country music!!!! (The "problem" was corrected after talking to the manager on duty).
2	Great location, great ambiance, the live bands are always great, the food is awful, but the staff and literally everything else is great. 6/10 would try again for food. 10/10 for ambiance. Some guy tried to pick me up and have a drink there once. Unrelated, but still a great memory.
3	First off let me say they have the best nachos I have found Downtown. (As long as you get them with out the olives, they taste like sardines) Its a huge portion, I would recommend sharing it. Although the servers are pleasant they have forgotten a side of ranch or sour cream every time I have visited. The worst thing about it is the live music. I thought I would love it, but five minutes into the meal when you have to yell at the person sitting next to you because the music is so loud, I am over it. I love the idea of live music and I would go back if it wasn't so loud. After the first night there I only order them to go.
2	was expecting something a lot better.  Food wasnt all that great... the pizza was burned and if we all werent so hungry we would have sent it back.. Service was very very slow and the place wasnt that crowded.  Not a place i would go out of my way to attend again.
3	I chose Mickie Finnz for lunch on Fremont Street as it had an outdoor seating area and I could watch the gluttons weighing themselves before going into the Heart Attach Grill across the road. I ordered a medium rare steak with Caribbean sauce and rice which came to a reasonable $15. The food and service were good although the steak would have benefited from slightly more time under the grill.
3	Completely average.  We had the shrimp bucket and crab cake sandwich.  I could have grilled the shrimp better on my grill at home. The best part of the meal was the fries and the beer!  Oh, and the people watching is excellent here!
5	60 oz draft beer, excellent clam chowder, and delicious crap cake sliders!  What more could you want in a downtown Vegas place.  And everything priced extremely reasonable.Come here, you won't be disappointed!!
2	Band tonight was good. That's basically the only thing. Crab cake sandwich was horrible. Surfer Bucket was a ton of fries and no meat or fish ultimately. Spent $30 and we didn't even eat barely anything because it was so gross. Salsa and guac is good. I suggest to come and drink. If you need to eat go elsewhere.
3	At first, we were gonna go to the Irish pub next door. But the live music and ambience caught our attention, so we gave it a try. Was not a fan of the salsa, it kind of tasted like ketchup. But their blackened mahi mahi sandwich was delicious. My girlfriend had thee pulled pork and that was good as well. Good service, exceptional food, great ambience.
5	Great food every time I go.  Very fun and friendly staff.  Great atmosphere.  One of my must go to places when I'm in town.
5	Really good food -- especially the grilled mahi sandwichFun atmosphere and an open air -- Florida-like feel
1	We ordered what the waitress recommended us. The meat an fish was terrible. It was really dry or overcooked.I don't recommend that place if you just want to have a meal.
1	I went here with my kids , first off the staff looked like they all came staright to work right after finishing up partying . The waitress came to the table quickly and took our order , I orderd steak quesadilla and my daughter got a parmesan crusted Tilapia . She brougt out our food when she got to the table she dropped half the quesadilla right on to the floor she said she would get another one but i did not trust that she didnt just put it on another plate when she brought it in the kitchen , My daughters tilapia was not even cooked , it was totally raw inside . I asked for the check for the beer I had because we werent staying , a manager came over , who really looked like he was strill partying from the night before , he was rude and unprofessional , he offered to prepare something else but I told him I would not trust anything that comes out of that kitchen .. Overall a very bad experience and it would be interesting to know what the health dept would have to say abouit this place . Do yourself a favor and steer far away from this place . It wouldnt surprise me if they were out of business in 6 months ,I will say the only positive thing about this shi''hole was the live acoustic guitar player/singer , he was the only talent in the place
1	Slow service, food was not worth the price...  Feels like I fell into a tourist trap.
1	Just returned from Las Vegas and had eaten here back in march . I returned with a group of ten as The food was decent before and the street side seating is nice.Service was ok at first but a little slow as the night went on Where the problem really was ,was with the food and  supposedly this was a "whole new menu " according to the waitress .Surprisingly   almost everyone ordered the same meal it was a Teriyaki rice bowl .It sounded great rice veggies and chicken . A nice healthy late evening dinner .When it arrived we were first surprised to see how small it was . Then even more surprised to see how bad it was . The rice was clumpy  like it was premade in the morning .The only veggie was broccoli and it was limp . The chicken was a Mexican style where it was shredded ,and if you put all yours on your plate back together it would have been less than an ounce .When we were asked how our meals were I told her it was probably the worst meal I had ever had . And we all felt the same .She seemed surprised but not overly concerned . When we first entered we had asked to put two tables together and I saw the waitress check with a man sitting near the front . She informed me he was the Manager . I am not sure if he was working but he did sit their the whole time drinking and smoking with some female patron .And that was all he did . He was never informed by our waitress of our review ,and we had waited so long for our bill we didn't bother to press the issue  If this is a new menu ...didn't anyone try out this dish . If they did ...did they think it was good ? I am sure a high school cooking student could turn out a better more imaginative dish . Was this new menu item designed so as to use less than a dollars worth of  ingredients l . I will only have to imagine what the others items are like based on this one ,as I will not chance trying them .
2	The "great":  Blackened Fish TacosThe "good":  Located within the Fremont St. Experience, a/c was functional, water tasted clean.The "bad":  Not cost-effective and poor service. It took 50 minutes for 2 salads and my tacos to arrive and the restaurant was only about 30% full with plenty of servers staffed. We think Kelsey forgot to enter our order because all the surrounding tables were eating. Additionally they were out of crackers. When one of your menu offerings is Clam Chowder, you should never run out of crackers! Lastly, my side was chips and salsa. I received a half-full ramekin of salsa that lasted 4 chips. I asked for two more sides and was charged a quarter per without being pre-notified. The salsa wasn't even that good.My return here for future meals is doubtful.This was my third time dining here and SERVICE is consistently LACKING.
1	I should have yelp this place before I came in, they spilled a large glass on accident on me, they forget one of our orders and the food sucks, I don't like to give bad reviews. But there seems to be no effort in the kitchen. Sorry guys your one job was to remove my onions you didn't. Your one job was to add creamy remoulade sauce because that's what comes in the sandwich & you forget.Your odds here are order 4 plates , 3 orders returned, 2 sandwiches came which no sauce, and those 3 we're disgusting. Your best shutting this place down.
3	Stopped in with a friend for an afternoon bite after hitting the Zappos Downtown Showdown...mostly because it was close by and they had a newbie check-in special on Foursquare: Free appetizer with the purchase of an entree and beverage. My friend and I decided to share. We were told that our entree could only be ordered from a specific area of the menu to get the check-in special.We ordered the Maui Beach Balls appetizer. Deep-fried balls of something (I think there may have been some shrimp and cheese in them) that came with 3 dipping sauces. They were "ok".For our entree we ordered Baja Shrimp which was described as seasoned and grilled and accompanied by pineapple rice and a vegetable. What we got was some sort of taco plate, which wasn't part of the designated section we were told we had to order from. (I thought it was strange when the waitress asked if we wanted sour cream and guacamole with our grilled shrimp, but I just thought "Okaaaay..." and asked for it on the side.) Anyway, I sent it back because that's not what I ordered. So then the correct entree showed up. The shrimp were grilled, I guess, but not in the least bit seasoned. Not even with salt. Or garlic. Or butter. Or citrus. Or anything even remotely Baja-like. There might have been a minute amount of pepper. They were flavorless, chewy and dry. They tasted like the wood skewers they came on. The pineapple rice was very pineapple-y but also very dry. The vegetable accompaniment was broccoli, which was actually phenomenal. VERY flavorful.  It was the best thing on the plate.The service was meh. But we still tipped over 20% because we're locals and that's just how we roll.Shout-out to Jeremiah, who was on stage doing an acoustic guitar set. He was funny and a talented singer/guitarist. And the reason I'm giving Mickie Finnz 3 stars instead of 2.
2	We came here because we sat at the Irish place next door and was never offered water let alone menu. We sat ourselves, waited about 5 min and a server took our drink order. After bringing those she took our order. We had the nachos - probably the best item we ordered. Still not the best ever. My husband ordered the Big Fish sandwich because of one of the pics on Yelp. Very misleading. Hardly big, and tasteless to boot. He said he was thankful for tartar sauce. Buffalo Wings- no buffalo sauce actually on them, but they had a slight spice to them. They were ok. Nothing special - wouldn't order them again. Served with fries. Kids all ordered pizza - they ate them without complaint. Chicken tacos - my sister said they were good. I think she got the best item. My BIL ordered the fish &chips - again nothing special. I think they fry everything in the same oil. We had 2 root beers, and 3 reg beers - our bill was over $100. Wouldn't recommend. Wouldn't return. Probably get the same good at a Dennys.
3	So... I've never actually eaten here but the drinks are pretty awesome. My friends and I come down once in a while to enjoy the live music and drink ginormous beers with souvenir glasses. I've definitely got enough glasses now so I guess I should try the food so I can update this review.
1	I want to like this place but they keep screwing it up with food and service.  I have eaten here four times.  Here a few common threads:The hostess every time has been less than friendly - borderline rude.  The expensive bottled beer is warm.  The waitresses seem to be bothered to serve you as they seem more busy socializing with friends. Two of the four times I have been here - my arm stuck to the table.  When you ask some to clean it up its been a half-assed job at best. Then the food... The last time I was here, the chips in salsa were terrible.  The chips look like the busted up remnants from the bottom of a bulk SAMs Club bag.  The salsa seemed like store bought hot sauce in tiny containers.  Good luck getting another one.  I ordered the fish tacos and I am sitting here the next day with that great food poisoning feeling.There are countless choices here on Fremont St.  Pass this one by!
1	I wish we read the reviews before ordering food here. Hawaiian pizza was bland I would rather eat a frozen pizza. The nachos were super soggy. The edamame was good. Two cokes was 7 dollars. In many trips to Las Vegas this was by far the worst food I've eaten.
2	Came here with out of town guest so not my choice but we were hanging out downtown.  When I first entered up the stairs I thought we were at Hennessey's so I find the set up a little confusing but apparently all the food comes from the same kitchen anyways.  I did not see the bill breakdown because my boyfriend paid but $20 for Nachos and two soft drinks.  The Nachos were priced at $11.95 so I guess a diet coke is about $3.   They could have used a few more chips to make the ratio of chips to toppings more proportionate.  Also not a fan of leaving cash for the bill and the waitress not bringing back change.  It's just not cool to assume the entire overage is the tip.
5	I'm gonna rate only for the food for 5 stars. We had Ahi Poke and Shrimp Bowl that was so really good that I had to compliment their Chef. It was really cooked to perfection and better than we had tried back in Hawaii. Service was 3 stars due to the fact that it's not that really a full house but don't know why it took our server to take care of us.  I always have to have some extra napkins on me but I have to keep on waiting and waiting for her to come to our table. Anyways, I tried to be patient since the food was really delicious.
1	My family and I were walking down the strip and decided to stop by here for a few drinks. First of all, the service was terrible and the bartender that helped me took her sweet time. She wasn't busy at all. Second of all, the drinks are way overpriced. I ordered a vodka soda, a dirty martini and a bud light bottle. My bill was $27! The vodka soda came in a tiny 10 oz cup. When I asked why it was so expensive she said will the martini was $13 and the bud light bottle is $6.25. I was shocked. I would expect this from somewhere on the strip maybe but not this run down tiki bar. My family ordered 3 beers from their outside bar and they were charged $33! I can't comment on the food since we didn't eat there but definitely do not go there for drinks. If they are going to charge that much they really need to step up their game. I will never go back.
5	Awesome happy hour and the staff is great ! Reasonably priced average plate is between $10 to $15 . Live music every night ! Awesome local talent which sets the mood !
1	The service was good and timely. The food, however, was all over cooked and very bland.  All the fried food tasted like it was cooked in month old grease. And we apparently came at the worse possible time, because they were out of my first two beer selections and my wife's first drink selection. I will not be returning to this place, but maybe others have had better luck.
1	Just nothing good to say. Grilled salmon and grilled veggies swimming in oil and the salmon was burnt. Server never ask if ever how it was. I guess I shouldn't leave out that the rice tasted like it had been sitting around in a warmer for days.
1	The worst place to have a drink and burger!  Staff are lazy and not very helpful.   Buyer beware stay away!Tables were dirty and the server looked and acted out of it.  Totally disappointed!
1	Ugh..not good. The customer service was bad. They gave us, water and didn't come back for awhile. They had buy one get one free. We got the taco plates with chicken. The chicken was mushy and tasted like tuna. I ordered a side of sour cream. She forgot it and it took about 5 minutes to get it.  We didn't finish.  Server didn't ask how our meal was.
5	Every time we come here, it's a party and a fun atmosphere! Awesome server took great care of us! The fishbowl with the red bull is soooooo good! Also the huge Mai tai was delicious. Good deals and a great buzz! Also, always a good cover band playing!
1	The food is absolute crap. The island Jamaican Jerk Chicken just had some spices on it,  no jerk sauce at all and completely dried out. The coconut shrimp appetizer obviously was also frozen. The only reason we walked into this place in the first place is because they had a singer that was doing a great job. He did two more songs and then left. Never coming back here. What a disappointment.
4	$21 for two plates of tasty fish tacos and 4 Miller Lites yeah it was happy hour but I'd just paid $10 for 2 Millers at the outside bar at the D further down on Freemont Street, great deal and live music too, best deal on the Street !
