2	Not very authentic. Or maybe because I'm not Chinese that I didn't get the real stuff, but it's typical Americanized Chinese takeout. And not very good at that. I ordered the house special with chicken and it didn't come with rice. Tasted like fried chicken in BBQ sauce.
4	This area doesn't have a plethora of great Chinese options but this is one of the better places even if its ambiance hasn't been great in the past.  They've recently made a very conscious effort to significantly improve the look of the place.  Contrary to the view of another reviewer, the food is pretty authentic (you can judge by seeing the number of Chinese families eating there on Saturday mornings for dim sum) though I suppose it depends on what you order.  While I was born in the area, I travel to China often Dim sum is decent (I wouldn't say it's stellar by any stretch but again, relative to the other options in the area this is probably the best place for dimsum relative to value).
4	An honest Chinese restaurant serving probably the most authentic Chinese food in the KW area.  Saturday and Sunday mornings are very busy with  dim sum patrons, which is a great time to go and try various delicacies as the hustle and bustle and loud conversation is all part of the fun.  We've been going here for years and it's definitely one of my family's go-to places.  I highly suggest Crystal Palace for your Chinese food cravings!
1	worst ever! the lady messed up my order and when i came to her for refund because i coldnt wait anymore she started shaking and barely gave me my $ back and accused me of eating it, as she gave me $ back she said you are not welcome here anymore' i was speechless so unprofessional!! do not go here , even when they dont receive good tip they dont even thank you , money hugry! god forgive them!
4	Good Chinese food, generous portions. They serve dim sum steamed to order all the time. They also offer a lunch buffet. I will be back!
4	Two, weekday buffet.Since most of the asian restaurants in the area we were hoping to eat at (Watami, Hot Wheels Cafe) are closed Mondays, we ended up at Crystal Palace for its weekday lunch buffet.For $7.95 lunch buffet, you can't go wrong. It's priced similarly to ordering a combo in the plaza near the University of Waterloo, yet buffet-style giving a choice in what and how much to eat. The hot tables were filled with all the usual: sesame chicken, fried rice, fried noodle, onion rings, chicken balls w/ sweet and sour sauce, chicken wings, various veggie dishes, etc. A cold area had tiramisu, jello, mussels, shrimp (not deshelled) and ice cream (that was frozen solid and hard to get out).The quality of the food wasn't great, but for Westernized Chinese food in Waterloo (unless you drive to the far end of Kitchener), there aren't that many choices, and probably none other that have a buffet. Good deal for the price. Will have to return again to try the dimsum.
4	Decent dim sum. Good value. Service was very good. The pan fried dumplings were not the best. All other items were very good. Do not hesitate to go.
3	Been here for the weekend dimsum quite a few times. Most of the menu items are decent but not outstanding. Probably as good as it gets value-wise for dimsum in the KW-region.IMO - stay away from the siu mai.
