1	My family has been going to Cathedral for all of their automotive needs for a few years, faithfully. But after hearing how they bilked my Mom today, none of us will be going back. After she had her 30,000 mile service yesterday ($235.00) she noticed that her A/C was not working when she left. She called Cathedral and they told her to bring the car back in. So, today she brought it in and was told that there is a hole in the A/C hose. She explained that it was working fine when she brought the car in and did not understand why this had happened. Should't testing the A/C be part of the service? Or maybe they could have told her that she was low on freon? Or that the hose was bad? NO, the guy told her that this was a common thing with her make of car. They told her that it would be $150.00 for the part.  That $150.00 turned into $313.00 when they were done and now my Mom who is 75 and on Social Security will have to do without, because these guys f'd up. Thanks Cathedral...for ripping off a old lady. PS-my mom is no longer a customer, not sure where you pulled that from. Nice try though.
5	I've been taking mine and my family's cars to Cathedral for more than a decade. We are always treated fairly, and always have a good experience - the guys always stand by their work and "go the extra mile" to be sure our cars are fixed properly. They work on both our new(er) cars and my cars from the 50s and 60s. Whenever anyone is looking for a mechanic, I will send them here without fail - and John and the guys at Cathedral have always come through by totally taking care of anyone I send to them. In a business filled with some sketchy practices, I know that whether I send my wife, a friend, or a coworker to Cathedral they will be treated honestly and fairly. Cars break and break down, that's a fact of owning one. I'm glad I have Cathedral to make dealing with it so easy and stress free so I can get back on the road as quickly and cheaply as possible.
5	This place was recommended to me from a co-worker. Most of the company now brings their car's here. These guys are great, very helpful and knowledgeable. I have been back a few times and can say I really trust this shop.
5	My  radiator  blew  the  other   day,  there was fluid all over  the  engine , smoke  coming  out of  the hood,  a bit scary ! I had  my  car  towed to Cathedral  under the   recommendation  of a  friend, who owns  a  jaguar and takes  it   here.  I called and spoke with  John, who gave  me  a  much  lower  price  than the Subaru dealer. I had the radiator  replaced and  a  90,000  mile tune up. They only had  the car  for  the  day  and the  price was  very  fair. I have  always taken my Forrester  to  the dealer but  not  any more ! I will be taking  my  car to John and Shane from  now  on !
5	Shortly after moving back to Phoenix I was lucky enough to find Cathedral Automotive. I have had my AC and brakes repaired, in addition to regular maintenance.In both the cases involving repairs, both John and Shane went above and beyond their scope of work without adding to the bill; Why? Because it was important to them to make sure everything was perfect. I recently took my car in without an appointment because  due to the engine light coming on. John did the diagnosis, found the only thing causing the warning light was a very minor issue that he easily fixed..charge? Nothing His only reply to my question as to payment was "It took me 3 minutes, no need." Although Cathedral is not in my immediate neighborhood I will always take my car there for repairs and regular maintenance.  It is not fancy with a big waiting room, but the work is done right, the prices always fair, the recommendations always honest, and both John (the owner) and Shane take obvious pride in every car they work on.
4	I would say it's been very hard to find an auto mechanic I feel I can trust. These guys I do. I took my vehicle to them thinking I needed my alternator replaced. I was convinced I needed a new one. After inspecting my SUV they told me my alternator was fine. After much trouble shooting, it turned out what was wrong with my vehicle was that the battery terminals were "gunked" up. They cleaned the gunk off the battery terminals, and my Jeep has worked ever since. I would strongly recommend Cathedral. Honesty in a mechanic is worth every penny, and these guys are priced just right as well. Good mechanic shop!
5	"...we aren't the cheapest place in town, we aren't the most expensive..."Trusting one's mechanic, priceless.It is hard enough when something is going wrong with a vehicle.  Whatever the news is going to be, I want it to be coming from you.  Thank you Cathedral Automotive; for all you have done, and haven't, to my automobiles since I first had the pleasure of your service in 2001.
5	I have had great and honest service here and have been going to them for years.  They have always given me an estimate before they fix anything.  The service is fast and they will work with you on dates.  In the past they drove me home and picked me back up when I didn't have a ride.  I really like this place.
