5	This guy is amazing. I had a chicken thigh and mac n cheese at the burgh bash Thursday night. I'm not a fan of dark meat. In fact I can't tell you the last time I even had chicken wings. It's been month. That said this BBQ is just wonderful. It's smoky and tender. The seasoning was just perfect and I'm very picky about my BBQ. I would love to see what sauces he has because Im a tomato based sauce fan. Not big on the vinegar style sauce that is popular in this area. The mac and cheese was wonderful. It had a smokiness to it and the layer of top cheese was very yummy. I will be keeping an eye out for this BBQ. If there is a way to find out where they'll be smoking please let me know. I'll be there!!
5	So glad BlowfishBBQ was at the Burgh Bash last week, so I was able to try the bbq chicken and the mac and cheese.  They were both on point!  The chicken was juicy and tasty!  I would love to try other things on the menu but so far with the chicken and mac, it's a 5 stars. Plus the guy who served us (not sure if it is hootie the pitmaster) at burgh bash was very nice and entertaining.
5	The only experience I had with Blowfish BBQ was at the Burgh Bash. Both the drumstick and MacNCheese were honestly delicious and he was so generous with  his portions.. not a piece of chicken on a toothpick.. you received an entire drumstick and a whole side of mac n cheese.. there were probably 400+ people at the Burgh Bash so he was so kind to give everyone that much food! I personally think Lisa did a great job explaining the taste.  Chicken was smokey and tender and the macncheese also had a smoked taste which i didnt know was possible. I would love love love his BBQ chicken and mac n cheese recipe! He mentioned at the bash that right now his store is out of a food truck but he is looking into space in Braddock. I believe he also caters but is booked every weekend till Feb, woahhh. I'm looking forward to his restaurant and wish this guy nothing but the best.
5	Blowfish BBQ is an amazing food truck.  Their drumsticks and mac and cheese are crazy good.  I first experienced them at Weather Permitting.I felt their portions were great.  Some food trucks leave me wanting more.I had a drumstick, mac and cheese, and slaw.  Each item was crazy good.  The drumsticks are a dry rub, but they also have some liquid sauces for people who want some sauce.  I used the spicy sauce on the mac and cheese and it was perfect.
4	Blowfish BBQ is pretty amazing. I love BBQ and probably the best I have had and that is saying a lot.  Heard about Blowfish BBQ at a YELP event at D's Hotdogs and then another Yelp event at the Pittsburgh Public Market.  Was excited to try a full meal and was able to last Friday evening when the truck was at the Brew Gentlemen (brewery in Braddock).  I went with the brisket with mac and cheese, corn bread and cole slaw (they ran out so bummed about that) for $15. It is enough food to save some leftovers for the next day. The mac and cheese was very flavorful (lots of pepper) and cheesy yum!  The corn bread which is one of my favorites was super moist and so tasty.  The brisket had the perfect smoked flavor and loved trying the different sauces-both mild and hot.  My only complaint is that we waited in line for a very long time and they ended up running out of some things towards the end of the night that we missed out on.  This just shows how good it really is!!
