3	Housed in an old Pizza Hut in front of (you guessed it) a strip mall along Independence Boulevard, this unassuming restaurant is probably one that you pass with some regularity.  Independence is, after all, one of the primary routes through the East Side of Charlotte.But if all you do is race by on your way into the city, you're doing yourself a great disservice by not stopping in, because the Hibachi Grill really has done a great job with what they have to work with (which is to say, not much).This should be apparent by the fact that they are still there, some years after they first opened.  This particular strip mall has gone through numerous changes, and business in this particular area of Independence haven't done well overall with all of the road work, yet they have managed to stay open throughout.Once you step inside, you will definitely be struck by the dinginess of the place - it is certainly true that they haven't wasted much on the inside, but that's okay.  You can hold that against them.What they have done is taken that effort and put it into the food.  It's nothing monumental, mind you, but simple hibachi-style food, cooked on an open grill.  You can get a number of varieties - steak, chicken, shrimp, and combinations mixing and matching them.Unlike other similar restaurants that give you tiny bowls of sauce, they will also give you a massive container of sauce to boot.  And their lemonade and sweet tea is among the best in town.  Really.  You can also find sushi here, but I'm not sure if I'd suggest going just for that.One note - this isn't one of those places where they cook in front of you.  The kitchen is mostly open, but you aren't sitting around the open cooktop.  They cook it in back and bring it out to you.  The food is just as good, but you don't get the show.  You'll need to go elsewhere - such as Kabuto or Nakato - for that.
4	Outside is run down and old. I like the classic look.Inside in 1 big room. There is 1 Hibachi grill behind the counter where you can watch the chef.The service is fast.Food is okay, not the highest quality but still good.
2	The decor - 0 starsThe price - 4 starsThe service - 3 starsThe parking - 2 starsThe location - 0 starsThe quality 2.5 starsAll in all, this place is OK if you're desperate for a quick hibachi. To-go is definitely the best way to enjoy this meal and for $6, who can argue. But keep in mind that there are 2093728372 other places around to get a great affordable lunch. If only another hibachi option was close to this one!
1	Worst sushi I have ever had even if it was for $3.
1	Ok went hear about 2 weeks ago. First of all it's an old Pizza Hut restaurant which is weird but when I walked in it was dark, and looked dirty. I was a little skeptical about ordering anything. I was HUNGRYso I ordered hibachi chicken with veggies. Can I say YUK!! It tasted like Racoon meat...ok I don't know what Racoon meat tastes like. Chicken had no flavor and looked like it was a week old. Needless to say I will never return there..I don't even want to drive by there..I'm just saying!!
2	As others have said, decor and location are horrible.  The salad wasn't really fresh but the ginger dressing was passable.  The soup wasn't horrible but I bet it was just a beef bullion cube. The chicken teriyaki isn't bad. Good portion size, small veggie portion though. Good alternative to fast food.
4	I enjoyed this place twice. I had teriyaki salmon it was delicious. This time I had teriyaki salmon and scallops. Very good. The soup and salad was ok but my entree was a winner. I love that you don't leave smelling like the grill. They do not cook at the table like other hibachi restaurants.
4	One of my favorite lunch spots in the city.  I've heard other say "stay away from the sushi," so, I have, however, their hibachi is delicious and incredibly inexpensive for the quantity & quality of food you receive.  ~$8 for a small basic salad (nothing special), cup of soup (ok), and a GIANT platter of hibachi meat, veggies and rice.  Really really good.  Never too crowded in my experiences during normal lunch hours.  Staff are pleasant but not overly talkative.Another reviewer gave parking 2 stars.  Not sure why - I've never had any problem with parking a few spots away from the front door.2 things bother me, but neither enough to get me to not come back once a month:  1)  It's an old gutted Pizza Hut that is long overdue for a re-haul of the interior.  2) It's on Independence.  Making a U-Turn on Independence, at least in certain stretches, is nearly impossible for miles on end.  Just not very easy for me to get to regularly.
3	Have you ever been inside a Pizza Hut and thought "man, I wish I could get something covered in shrimp sauce instead?" Okay, me neither. But, I totally dig it.So yeah, Hibachi Grill is set inside an old Pizza Hut building. It's nothing fancy. It's not the nicest place. Kind of dingy. What they lack in decor... they make up for with the food.There are different specials each day. I never get sushi here. Not sure how I feel about that at the HG. I always go the hibachi route. For the price, it's good. It comes with salad and soup. Both of those are just kind of meh.The biggest thing working against this place is the location. If you're on outbound Independence, it's a complete pain to u-turn. You have no choice but to drive several miles to find a place to do it.Despite the awful location, there are always people here. And, it's one of the few to survive in this horrendous corridor. Hibachi Grill is doing something right.
5	This place had been around forever and I freaking love it. Yes it's always busy when I walk in there. Some would say that's weird. But not me. They do a lot of to go food. I always get the steak and shrimp hibachi w rice and salad. Hey for a quick meal that you can eat off of for about 2-3 days the price isn't bad either. Call it in and it's ready when you get there. Located in the same shopping center as Chris's deli this place is an east Charlotte staple.
