4	I like to stop in Marshall's from time to time.  This one is conveniently located when I am on N. Tryon Street.  The store has shoes, clothing, luggage, adult and children's clothing.  If you need it, you can usually find it at Marshalls, which is affiliated with TJ Maxx.  No wonder I like this store!  I especially like to peruse the housewares and discounted sections of the store.  And you should know that I must at least walk through some purses (none bought during this trip...phew!).  I love purses, purses, and more purses.  For some reason, the ones I touch are always the priciest! Note:  Traffic in this area of N. Tryon St. is horrendous during the holidays.
4	Half-price deals on men's Ralph Lauren brand Polo knit shirts.
4	I would have given this Marshall's 5 stars however I felt like the clothes department was fairly small...But the home section is great!
3	I've been a fan of Marshall's for longer than I can remember and therefore know that the  selection of items can vary from store to to store.  Upon entering this particular Marshall's I expected to find lots of good stuff since the store is so large, shiny, and new.  There are carts, baskets, and shopping bags right at the entrance that customers can use to make shopping a breeze.  I grabbed a basket and headed straight to the shoe department which is larger than most other Marshall's.  I found several pairs of shoes that I liked, but to my misfortune none were in my size.  I then meandered over to the clothing section and was left longing for a better variety and more clearance items.  My basket kept saying, "Fill me, fill me," but I couldn't because I just wasn't finding anything that said, "buy me, buy me".  Next, I went to the handbags section and the sky began to open and the sun came shining through.  The selection of handbags is great especially if you like designer brands.  There were several Kate Spade, Michael Kors, Cole Haan, and Vince Camuto bags.  I had been looking for a new, small crossbody and found a pretty frickin awesome, turquoise Kelsi Dagger bag for $24.99.  I couldn't believe it!  It was originally $198.  Jackpot!  I snatched it up faster than the blink of an eye even though there was no one else around me.  I put the bag in my basket and walked up to the register with a smirk on my face and extra confidence in my walk.  So, to sum it all up I'd definitely go back to this Marshall's for more handbags, shoes if I can find my size, but may not bother with the clothes.  I didn't really look in the home furnishings department but from a quick glance it appeared to be limited.  I'll take a closer gander on my next visit.
4	*** closed ***
