4	The Hop House Wood Fired Food & AleThe Hop House was "The Idlewood Inn" when my adventure in PHX began 2 years ago. Personally, I like The Hop House better. It's a place with a Brick-Oven behind the bar and over 20 Drafts, good stuff. If you like tasty beer, then The Hop House should be a stop for you. They have sampler racks that are $5 for 6-3 oz. samples of  your choice or theirs. My Favs there: Dogfish 60 min IPA, Magic Hat #9 and of course, Yuengling :D The bartenders are knowledgeable about the ales and lagers being served, which is nice considering the broad selection available. Darts, a pool table and plenty of big screen TV's are abound. Occasional Live Bands, Happy Hour Specials, Texas Hold'em Night, Free Pizza and other goodies are normal here. The food here is of so-so quality, nothing too grand, even though there is a wood fired oven. I went here recently with a friend that totally hated her dinner, I wish I could recall what she had, but mine was fine(I had $8 Small Buffalo Chicken Pizza,SuPrIsE). I can't decide if they are slightly over-priced or if their portions are  too small (-1). I mean, you expect to pay more at a place like this, right? It seemed like The Idlewood was more of a Workingman's-T-Shirt and Jeans kinda place when I stopped the few times before, whereas it's definitely an office crowd now mostly everyone seems to be wearing a collar. I like it, I have a collar, I'm going back.I Added a pic above of a great bargain and way to find new brews: Sampler Rack, get one!
4	The service was great, the Pens game was projected, and the food was tasty.  The wings were swimming in BBQ sauce though and were super salty.  The house salad was a very good size, you can get this instead of fries for a little extra - the balsamic dressing was awesome.  I also had the smoked turkey in the bread bowl sandwich.   mmm... wood fired bread bowl.  I had two fries, crispy outside, mushy inside, just the way they should be.  Looking around, the pizza and burgers looked pretty tasty.Unfortunately, the place was loud and smokey.
5	the only bad thing - service was a LITTLE slow - not too much, but if we had been in a rush, we would have had problems.Other than that - a HUGE selection of domestics and imports at really really really reasonable prices. The dinner appeased everyone in our group - there really is something for everyone: the nacho/wing lover can have her fix, the steak and potatoes lover can be very satisfied, and the fish/veggies girl can get her fix. Everything was cooked perfectly, and we all loved the sweet potato hash (a home-fries type of thing with white and sweet potatoes). The waitress was nice and knowledgeable and honest about the beers and the menu, and was dead on with her personal recommendations. As we were leaving, they were setting up for their live band set  - it's a kind of tight space for the dining room, so I'm guessing it was going to be very loud and unfriendly to conversations (while we were there the jukebox was playing some current pop/hip hop/ great rock and the noise level was just above a regular conversation level).All in all - nice place, and worth the trip from down town, definitely
4	The interior is a little divey, covered in flatscreens, and filled with loud regulars (well, i was there on a Steeler sunday) but you can see a beautiful working woodfire grill peeking out of the kitchen.  That grill made me a wonderful little pizza that no other dive in the neighborhood could produce.Outshining the pizza was the sauce that my Hot Garlic Parm wings came in- absolutely killer.  I sopped up what was left on the plate with my pizza crust.So yes, I was pleasantly suprised.  other pros include a super decent draft list. overall a big yum.BUT- there is one DEAL-BREAKER in store for you cigarette-haters, and that is that they've found a loophole in the smoking law and allow smoking throughout the whole building.  A little off-putting and weird even for smoker.  I don't particularly want to breathe smoke while savoring my amazing wings.  I felt stuck in the '90's again.
3	Nice local establishment with great food and fantastic patio to hang out on in the summer . The interior is dark and the tvs need to be bigger and placed in better viewing areas . If you don't know where this place is , it is Kind of hard to explain to people how to there . Still a nice clean and safe place to hang out .
3	Well, this place is puzzling and I'm not going to save the bad news for last.  They seem to pride themselves on allowing and maybe even promoting smoking.  It's puzzling because the beer selection is extensive.  The menu is above average, as is the food.  Lots of pizzas, sandwiches, appetizers.   BUT, who wants to go home smelling like a filthy ashtray?  It would be great if they joined the rest us in the twenty-first century.
3	This is the place I go to when I don't feel like actually "going out".  It's close. i can go there in jeans and a t shirt and still be considered dressed up. Pro: Extensive Beer List, Good Food and Drink Specials, Friendly bartenders, solid bar food, outdoor seating, this location is definitely nicer than the North Hills one. Cons: Smoking, you have to be 18 to get in to the restaurant which I understand because its a smoking establishment but under 18ers still can't sit outside, you won't find your future wife or husband here ( if you have been her you know what I mean). Overall: Come for good beer but you might go home smelling like a frat house basement (...again)
4	Before I continue, I have to warn you- they allow smoking at The Hop House. If you're okay with this, then The Hop House should definitely be on your short list.First off, the beer list is huge- I'm talking dozens of taps filled with local and craft brew that is always rotating. You won't long for a good beer in just about every style. As for food, The Hop House is consistently good. I love their pasta (all you can eat on Thursdays!), and their ribs and pizza are above average. The sandwiches are also good, especially the "Secret Club," a tastey sandwich that included bacon, turkey, special "secret sauce" on ciabatta bread- yum. The portions are huge, the side choices plentiful, the staff is great, and there's always a game or two on their plethora of flat screen TVs. More then a bar, less then a fancy restaurant, you can feel comfortable watching the Pens game in your jersey with your buddies or bringing your mom for a nice dinner- as long as you don't mind the smoking.
5	This is one of our favorite spots, especially in the summer.  It is smoking inside, but the food is fantastic.  The specialty pizzas are all good and the wings are one of the best I have had in the city.They have a great beer selection, with many craft beers and a staff who knows how to recommend them.  A must do if you don't mind the smoke.
3	Great beers. Sat. Wing special.  BurgersOnly drawback is that it allows smoking.  It is hard eat with the smoke and the smokers have no regard for the non-smokers.  It is a bar with a few booths.Get the jalopeno honey wings-yummy.
4	We go on Thursday nights for trivia and have been very impressed.The food is delicious, uses fresh ingredients, and  is reasonably priced.  Thursday night is all-you-can-eat pasta, so $8 gets you plenty of dinner and enough for lunch the next day!On Thursdays, they also offer a "Mug Club' - $6 buys a mug and every draft in it is $2.75.   Yes, there is smoking - but if it doesn't bother you too much it is totally worth it!
4	I had their Reuben (I didn't know what to order) and thought it was very good. The bread was a nice marble rye and had the right amount of sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, and 1000 island dressing. The corned beef was generous. I can't remember if I had anything else. lol. It does get rowdy on a Friday night. The Pens game was on. We ate outside, and it was a little chilly. I messed up Darren's Xango. It was plated more nicely (vertical) than in his pic. It was warm, I held it to keep me warm, and I like to mess with Darren when he takes pics of his food.
4	This place was a true gem that I found on my brief stint in Pittsburgh.  A bunch of friends and I were sitting at the double tree bar with it closing down and asking ourselves, where can we go now?  I friend picks up a piece of paper with local bars in the area and he says "The Hop House, that sounds fun"...I respond "I'M DOWN!"It's hard to find bars that carry a good selection of microbrews and I'm glad the Hop House did. Delirium Tremons and Delirium Noctorum are great beers, but be careful these 10% ABV beers will get to you.  Compare to bars in SF and LA, the prices at this bar are dirt cheap.  I got smashed at the Hop House...the bartender could use a little pick me up in terms of attitude but at least she didn't kill my buzz.
3	I stopped by here on my way back home Saturday night around 11ish if I recall correctly specifically because I was hungry. There was a band playing so it was a bit loud inside. I sat at the bar and ordered the hardwood salmon with a salad. The salad was good but I felt the salmon was overdone although the cedar plank glaze they used was very tasty. The service was not overly friendly but not rude either. I think I just came at the wrong time where apparently more attention was paid to the band. Overall it seems like it might be a fun place (the crowd is a bit older) but the food experience was not the best. That tasty glaze on the salmon brings it up to 3 stars.
3	Good pizza, easy to get to, great beer choices, fast & friendly! Little run down but overall I would definatly recommend it.
2	First the good news: The beer list is extensive with 36 beers (domestic and international). They offer a 6-beer sampler and you can pick any of the 36 beers. The food is upscale bar food and is tasty. The atmosphere is young (under 30) and there is certainly a vibe to the place for those who like beer houses.Second the not-so-good news: it's a smoking restaurant throughout (no cigars) so if you have trouble eating in a smoke-filled restaurant, stay away. The atmosphere is loud so you'll need to raise your voice to carry on a conversation.Third the bad news: Our order was the one that was going to be screwed up that night. We waited 45 minutes for our order. I think we would still be waiting if we didn't flag down our waitress. THEN they brought the wrong order! I am not making this up. The waitress said the wrong meal had been put into the computer. This meant back to kitchen while the sides they brought out just sat there getting cold. The second order (another 15 minutes) was the right item but in their hurry it was missing items. Told the waitress but was not going to send it back.So it was an hour to get our dinner. WAY too long. No manager came over to apologize. The waitress did remove one of the dinner items off the bill. Small consolation for an hour wait, the wrong meal, cold sides, now-warm beer which we had ordered to be delivered with dinner but they came 30 minutes early and then the right meal with missing items.Without the mix-up, I rate this higher. The beer theme is pretty neat, but two stars is generous given our fiasco.
1	Used to come here all the time, used to be great food, not anymore! Went on lunch break, horrible service, and horrible food. Grilled chicken salad -bland chicken, barely any veggies, and forgot fries(no biggie but it just added to the terrible experience that day ). My friend had a cheesesteak wrap which had literally two bite size pieces of steak. I am not one to complain and pretty easy going, but this was just downright terrible. Sorry hop house but we miss the old place...not sure if new management or ownership but two thumbs down!!
4	We had the fish sandwich, bratwrust special, mega meat pizza and the blue burger. Everything was really good.
3	Service was good.  Strip steaks were adequate but not spectacular. Pretzel bites were good but hard to eat without burning yourself.
2	Walked in on a busy Tuesday night. Its seat your self and there wasn't a single clean table to be had. Gross. I get it, it's busy, if I would have seen a clean towel Laying around somewhere I would have cleaned a table my self. Service was blah, even sitting at the bar we were forgotten about...twice. Wings are amazing! However, they do not offer the same fantastic flavors as their other restaurant in the north hills. Long story short, the north hills one is better, I won't be back to this location as long as that one is still around.
3	Fun bar in Greentree to catch up on my sports and relax with friends. Great drink specials and reasonable prices. Large beer selection. Service is great and food is surprisingly good. Had the Cajun chicken pasta that was huge and really good. I will probably be eating it the rest of the weekend. Pool table there and TVs all around.
2	Simple review:  the food and service are good if you don't mind smelling like an ashtray after.  I can't go for lunch because I can't stand smelling like that all day.  I can't believe this place gets by with allowing smoking considering how much food they seem to serve.
1	We went there and sat on the deck for 15 minutes and nobody came out. There were 2 other tables already eating and nobody came out. I called them on the phone and asked if anybody was working the deck and she said she would be right out. Waited another 10 minutes and NOTHING. We got up and left and will never go back. We were pretty regular customers but this place has gone hill FAST. Will not go back despite the great beer selection. Service sucks big time.
3	Food was good. Service was spotty. Long waits for everything. Not the cleanest place either.
4	Good food (great pizza), good beer selection, cool patio. The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because service can either be really good or pretty bad. There's no in between. Other than that, my girlfriend and I frequent this bar.
2	Food was okay, average at best, service was fast and friendly and their strawberry daiquiri was yum, but the beer came out of the tap warm, never good. This place definitely needs Jon Taffer.
3	This place used to be my favorite restaurant in the area, but it seems to have really gone downhill recently. Their salads used to be huge and delicious, but last week my steak salad was AWFUL and completely inedible. The steak was so overcooked it took 10 minutes to chew a bite. The fries were so overdone there was no potato left inside. They were charred shells. The cheese wasn't melted and the lettuce was brown. The following week my chicken salad was the same way. I used to come here all the time for lunch, but now I'm definitely reconsidering. I also wish they didn't allow smoking. It's so smokey in there you come out smelling like an ashtray. You definitely can't come to this place if you're going back to work afterwards.
