5	I received a coupon in the form of a letter in the mail.  Awesome marketing!  I was intrigued, especially when I read several times that if it was not the best pizza I've ever tasted, it'd be 100% free.  Wow!  My coupon included free salad, free 2 liter of soda and free giant cookies (2) with the purchase of a large gourmet pizza.  I ordered the "Whitey's White" pizza which featured two kinds of cheese, artichokes and pesto sauce!  It was out-of-this-world good!  I even gobbled the crust, which I usually don't bother with for pizza.  The leftovers lasted two days, because the pizza is filling.  It was just as delicious two days later as the first night!  A+!  I am impressed and will definitely be eating from here again!  Oh, the salad and the cookies were also A+!  Homemade chocolate chip cookies the size of a tea saucer!  Wow what a great dinner!
4	Found a flyer stuck on my door the other day for Mafia Mike's pizza. Normally I find these things annoying and just trash them, but I happened to be hungry. And lazy. And they deliver.So I ordered up a "Big Buffalo Chicken" pizza. Buffalo style chicken chunks (spicy, but not too much so) with a ranch dressing base instead of traditional tomato based. And I devoured the the entire pie (with help from two teenagers who declared the pizza "Effing AWESOME!!)The wife got some Hawaiian style. Personally I find fruit on pizza to be fundamentally wrong, but she said it was fabulous.Grab the cheesy crusty bread things too.
5	I was also roped in with a flier on my door, and ordered this a month or so ago when they had their deal for free cookies, salad, and drink with a pizza order.  Upon delivery, I was given another coupon for the same deal and a few weeks later received a handwritten thank you note for ordering with them and a coupon for a free order of cheesy bread, no purchase necessary.  Needless to say, this has become a go-to pizza option for me.  4 stars for food taste and quality, an extra for great service and good deals.Salad is pretty average but good enough for me with a pizza, pizza is particularly good, cookies are awesome, cheesy bread is cheesy enough but not just a pile of melted cheese.  Their sauce is really tasty- tastes fresh and not too sweet.  Delivery is free, and on time.  The longest time I've been quoted for a pizza (at 7:00 on a Saturday) was 45 minutes, and they got there in 23 minutes (I wasn't timing them but I did notice how quick they got there).  They have a hot'n'ready special that's only a dollar more than Little Sleazer's and ten times better.  And if you don't think it's good, you get your money back.  So really, you should just try it.  Okay?  Okay.
4	my nieces were over this past weekend and wanted pizza. since i am such an awesome aunt, i agreed. i hate all of the pizza places that are in my area so i wanted to try a new place. North Mesa, let me introduce you to Mike. Mafia Mike. we ordered one large pizza, half pepperoni, half cheese. and two homemade chocolate chip cookies.the pepperoni was huge and nice and spicy. the sauce wasn't bad either. not my favorite but definitely good enough to be a regular. so far this pizza joint trumps all of the other pizza places in this part of town. the cheese was great and the crust was good, thin but not crackery. the people answering the phone and taking orders are super nice and so are the delivery guys. the cookies were the highlight. so stinkin delicious. and it's free delivery! my favorite kind of delivery! *(now that venezia's is open they are the 2nd best option)*
3	3.5, 3.5!!! i had to deduct a half star bc i think I was in a starvation daze last time. the crust is actually the same thickness as barros. still good and still the best pizza option, but not as good as i remember it.
2	02/07/10Ordered take-out, Whitey's White (white cheese pizza, alfredo sauce, and garlic.  Crust was too thick for mel- no crispy bits ANYWHERE.  Taste was OK, but not good enough for me to order again; I also had allergy issues after, but it's to be expected at chain locations such as this.  Tried reheating a couple of slices the next day, but they weren't any good (didn't crisp up, flavors gone), so I had to trash the rest.  Too bad- it would've been a great take-out place to hit up after visiting w/ friends in the area...
5	first time I ordered was because of the awesome deal with the coupon taped to my door as well ... however I have continued going back for the big buffalo chicken pizza!! I don't even like spicy but this pizza is AWESOME! I don't know what they put in this that makes it so amazing but I cannot stop! I usually pick up my pizza because it's so close to my house  and it's always neat and clean inside. I have had delivery (in the past) several times by mafia mikes and once the driver must have dropped the pizza or something because it was an absolute mess when we opened the box ... I called to complain and they promptly made us another pizza (which we picked up) I thought it a little rude the driver didn't say anything and we even brought the messy pizza in to show them and the guy at the counter apologized and let us keep the messed up one and gave us a fresh one free of charge.My only complaint is that I pay $20 for a large big buffalo .... a little pricy if you ask me ... especially when their competitors are offering 2 mediums for $6.99/each or larges at $10 a piece ... The best mafia mikes does is a large pepperoni for like $10 I thinkBut they have me hooked and I do fork over $20 for the big buffalo because it is soooooooo worth it.
4	Ordered their speciality pizza and cheese bread special for 19.99. Quite impressed with fresh toppings and huge pepperoni and canadian bacon. The cheese bread wasn't cheesy enough for me though. I also ordered wings and they were a bit pricey but worth it. Good size wings and good buffalo sauce. They even had my favorite Ranch brand. Will be ordering it again!
