1	I was HORRIFIED!! I purchased a Groupon for the Pole dancing class, figured for that cheap why not give it a shot. The class started late, the instructor was all over the place, and to top it off the class was over booked and I found myself sharing a pole with someone. Sharing a pole made learning the moves impossible and I lost all of the work out benefit. After about 20 minutes, I stopped and went out front to speak with a manager. This is when I discovered the owner had left, locking us in and others outside and....drum roll...no one had keys!! We were locked in!! I could not believe I was being told "I'm sorry I don't have keys, I don't know what to do." 45 minutes after leaving the class to speak with a manager I was finally set free out a side door. REALLY?!! I contacted Groupon to get my money back. This place is a joke.
2	I purchased a LivingSocial.com voucher of 2 pole dance classes for the price of one.  The first pole dance class:  The instructor was more than 15 minutes late; however, she extended the class to make up for lost time.  In addition, she had a very positive and energetic attitude.  This was acceptable.The second pole dance class:  The instructor was a no-show.  After having waited 35 minutes, it was assumed the class was to be cancelled.  However, I had a special situation; I was going to be out of town, and the voucher would have already been expired before I returned to Vegas.  Chris, the only person working at the studio, reassured all attendees that he would have the manager call us the following day in regards to rescheduling our pole dance class despite my special situation.  A week went by and still, I had not received a phone call from the manager.  Therefore, I called the studio myself in the calmest tone explaining my situation with the no-show class.  In short, the lady over the phone negated anything Chris told us claiming that "he wouldn't know anything about the class" dishonoring whatever he might have said.  She kept making excuses about the instructor being injured and having to cancel previous classes.  Unfortunately, I find it UNPROFESSIONAL ON THE STUDIO'S PART TO NOT NOTIFY IT'S CLIENTS ABOUT A CANCELLED CLASS especially when this was the only time to fulfill my second voucher.  I made an effort to show up and therefore, should be honored a rescheduled class.    Overall, some staff members are cordial like the student teacher, Chris, and dance pole instructor, Becks, while others such as the manager, Gracie Martinez, are not.  Gracie lacks a positive attitude and has extremely poor customer service.  She speaks in a monotoned voice as if she hates answering the phone.  If you have any further questions other than scheduling, she will cut the conversation short.  I find this extremely rude especially for someone who runs a business.If I were you, I would recommend to take ANOTHER POLE FITNESS STUDIO CLASS with Fawnia at www.polefitnessstudio.com.  She is the real deal, and obviously, more professional.
5	The instructors are knowledgable and trained dancers, ballerinas, athletes along with being an experienced trained and certified Pilates instructor.  The studio offers different package offers to save money from paying for individual classes. I've also tried the new Mega-former and the workout in that class is more intense and slower than Pilates. This is the only place in the state that offers the Mega-former. That alone separates this studio from others. I've signed up for a monthly package and go several times a week. Booking classes and paying can easily be done online. I've been happy here. Pilates with a reformer is a more expensive way to work out but the results are much faster (for me). I like this place because its peaceful and bright. I also trust the knowledge of the instructors and I like the patience I see them display with others who may have physical problems (knees, back, etc). I was bummed to read the previous review. I had a great experience and have had great experiences here.
5	I absolutely love this studio.  It is easy to schedule and change classes online and they have excellent pricing.  The teachers are professional & courteous and they give you a great work out.  I enjoy how each teacher has their own style and will modify or accelerate the workout as needed.  They have a robust program of Pilates, Megaformer, Barre, Yoga, Workshops and Teacher Training.  The owner is involved in the studio and cares about her clients.
5	The megaformer workout is incredible, and so are Gracie and Noelle.  They helped me get back in shape after having a baby, and even though I sometimes curse them in class for pushing us so hard, they really get results.  I have taken pilates for many years, and at several different studios in Vegas and I actually drive out of my way to come here - for megaformer, which you can't get anywhere else in town, and because I really enjoy everyone involved, from the owners and teachers to everyone else taking the class. They also have a ton of classes all day long so it is easy to find one that fits my often crazy schedule.
5	I was introduced to Gracie and her awesome studio about a year ago! I can honestly say no other workout (and I do and have done everything as an avid runner and tennis player) had transformed my body and strength like MEGA has!! Thank you Gracie!
5	Gracie is truly amazing; since I have found her studio and the ultimate workout on her megaformer, I have been hooked! She and her highly trained megaformer staff are so incredible and motivating, and the workout is insanely efficient and addicting.  The results are real! Go team Gracie! The best workout ever!
