5	Amazing Indian food!Super cheap.Must try everything!I don't know why people don't come here. We had a large group and just got our grub on! Overall, still licking the sauce from both thumbs!
4	I lived in Cote-des Neiges for a few years and ended up finding this place while in search for some delicious Indian food in the neighborhood.  This place is very decent. Not my top choice for veg. Indian food in Montreal but it is relatively inexpensive, service is great and very friendly. Best deal here: 1 pound of pakoras for $4. Absolutely delicious and well worth it. Spiced to perfection, and made to order, I could eat just this for lunch!! They have at least one veg. taly plate as well as an extensive list of individual veg. talys to choose from.Large dinning room, accommodating to groups, never have to wait for a table or to be served.
3	Dev is an institution on Victoria, one of the most famous dirty little Indian restaurants that isn't dotting Parc Extension. When you walk in you get a vibe like you're in a community center done up for a Friday night hoedown or something, but it's forgivable because the food is actually pretty good.All the staples are done properly, although recently I've noticed a slight drift downwards in the size of the takeout containers. Once in a while you'll get a Jalfrezi with a pint of sauce and two little chunks of chicken floating around there, which is always a pissoff, but I guess the point is to fill up on Naan and sauce. At least the service is speedy and always with a smile, and they don't wait until you physically show up to start cooking up your takeout (cough *Punjab Palace* cough).
4	More food will be nice.
5	Delicous dishes! The butter chicken and the vegetable thali can make you feel like you are in heaven.
1	Unfortunately, I only realized near the end of our meal that this place was horribly filthy. I most definitely will never go back.
1	The food here is generally good to great but the service is always awful if not offensive. On one occasion we were served really salty pekora and after much debating we decided to send it back. We received much better pekora the second time around but when we finished eating it the owner came out and insisted that he had brought us out the exact same plate we had sent back and that our tongues were playing games on us. At some point we felt taunted. Never went back.
4	Ok, the decor is cheesy and maybe the place isn't sterile clean but overall its fine. Now the food....the five of us all lived many months each winter in India going back to the 70's  before the hipsters discovered it right up until last year...so between us we have plenty of experience when it comes to the food......and this is the real deal....we've never had a bad meal here...we tend to avoid starters and just go straight to main courses...mostly the lamb and chicken dishes....they are all great...very flavourful and just enough heat to bring out a bit of moisture on my baldspot but its not painfully spicy. The naan is always great and the Bhindi Bhaji is fantastic...probably my favourite dish. They have locally brewed Cobra and Taj Mahal beers that are really good.Come in and give it a try.
3	decent food at decent prices and the service was friendly, however the place could use a little sprucing up and the butter chicken needed more of a kick.
4	Tasty foodGood pricesPolite serviceGood timing
3	Note of Caution: If you order something to be spicy, it becomes TOO spicy. Like suicidal spicy. An accompanying friend made this mistake by ordering his biryani as spicy. All he could taste was the spiciness and nothing else. Needless to say, he didn't finish his dish. The hostess/waitress/co-owner was welcoming enough. She was dressed in a traditional Indian sari. That was a nice touch. The butter chicken was pretty heavy, and I guess it's meant to be like that with all the spices and cream. I was pleased with the tenderness of the meat. (Random thought: I have a feeling that I've been lucky to come across only tender chicken this month.) Butter chicken came in a smaller-than-expected dish but it was a perfect amount. I literally could not fathom eating anything else after, except maybe a bit of that too-spicy biryani since my friend was in dire straits. Finishing it off with (sweet) lassi was a better idea than water for this visit. By the way, what would salty lassi taste like? I shudder at the thought of it. The hostess/waitress/co-owner gave me the option of sweet or salty, but I could not, for the life of me, order a salty lassi.
4	Great restaurant! Ate at this place atleast 5 times with some friends! Good prices and the food tastes very good! And the people who work there are very nice and charming! I recommend this place for a friend gathering or something like that!
