5	This Qdoba is just like all the others, as far as food goes.  The meat is great and they have a better selection of salsas than Chipotle.  The queso is amazing, every time.  Go here hungry and in the mood to consume a large burrito.The only nice perk of this particular location is that it has a big open window that looks onto Fish Hatchery Rd.  Not exactly a great view, but it does make the place look really big.  During the summer it is fun to see the mix of pedestrians that use the road, as this location is right on the edge of the yuppie and ghetto parts of Fitchburg.
2	Qdoba started out fairly well but has gone downhill in our opinion.The portions are unpredictable and more often small.I would like more information about where their beef and chicken comes from.The meat is usually cold.The people behind the counter are distant and uninterested in me being there.  I would just like a smile and some friendliness.   They probably need to pay a little bit more and nurture some happy employees.The atmosphere is cold and uninviting while the view at this place isn't half bad.It is very clean so they get a good mark there.We stopped going here and opting for locations that have hot food, larger servings, nicer environment and friendlier people.
3	For some reason, this location doesn't map correctly.  It's located in the strip mall just across from the Fish Hatchery.  I eat here when I'm in the mood for a big lunch burrito, reasonable price, and fast.  If you go at noon, there will be a line to order, maybe 10 or 15 minutes.  Otherwise, it's pretty darn quick.  The food is normally fresh and burritos are very large, a decent value and good, quick, clean lunch option for work.  Outside dining on the deck is very nice when the weather is good.  They added dining room space about a year ago because they were always running out of seating.  Parking can be difficult at peak times as the lot fills up fast.
3	Out of all the Qdoba locations I've tried in Madison, this is the best one. Food is served fast, efficiently and correctly. They love recently changed their menu and guacamole is FREE! Can you believe that?! Location is good and the view is even better since it sits in a hill overlooking the busy street. Friendly staff here as well. Good Qdoba.
