5	Everybody ROCKS!
5	I have been a patient of Dr. L's for over 6 years. The staff is amazing, the office is efficient, my appointments are always on time and everyone you meet is pleasant and social - and that's at 7:30 in the morning!!  A prior negative experience with a different dentist (him hitting a nerve and paralyzingly my lower lip for 6 months) made me stay away from dentists all together for years. It wasn't until meeting DL and the staff that I felt comfortable enough to resume regular visits. DL has handled 3 procedures for me, all of which were quick and painless and I find his bedside manner appropriate for a guy who has me on my back with a drill and hose in my mouth. He talked me through each step in the process, how long it would take and what it would feel like - no surprises - and he followed up later at night to make sure I was ok. When I'm not in his chair, he will still stop in to say hi even if I'm there just for a cleaning. I don't expect my dentist to be my friend. I expect him to get in there, get the job done right and get me on to my day. Judging by the regular compliments I get on my teeth and smile, I would say these guys have far exceeded my expectations. I would recommend Levinson Dental to anyone.
5	Great Dentist. Very honest and will not sell  you anything you do not need. Took me 3 dentists to find a good one.
5	If you are looking for a fantastic dentist, Dr. Levinson is the best I have encountered in decades!  Believe me, I am extremely picky and used to fly back East for dental work even though I live in AZ now.  I required emergency dental services performed and refused to fly b/c of disgusting TSA screening @ airports. I spent many hours researching dentists in the Phoenix/ Scottsdale/ Glendale area, including Dental Review Board public records. Dr. Levinson emerged as my choice for many reasons. In addition, unlike many other dentists in AZ, Dr. Levinson accepts dental insurance! Some dentists are so high on themselves that taking dental insurance is too much of an inconvenience for them ~ not Dr. Levinson!  He and his staff do everything in their power to work with your insurance and prepare a treatment-specific summary of charges and what the differential will be BEFORE services are performed. Then they deal directly with the insurance company, file paperwork, and facilitate the process so you are not left to fend for yourself. Now for the best part, Dr. Levinson and his staff explain each procedure as they go so that you won't be startled or fearful. His work is extremely professional and the results are absolutely beautiful!  I was in great pain and discomfort before Dr. Levinson accepted me on an emergency basis as a new patient. Within an hour of having prep-work performed on a broken tooth, I was recovering and out of pain. Two weeks later, he placed a new crown and it is perfect.  Now my husband and I both see Dr. Levinson and will continue to have him do all of our dental work. You won't find a better dentist or friendlier office staff than Ageless Smiles on Happy Valley Road...appropriate location based on my experience...
5	Absolutely the BEST dentist I've ever been to. Dr. Levinson is  kind and understanding. He listened to what I needed and took lots of time with me. I am amazed at how gentle and painless the whole expereince was. I love his staff and everything about his office. I would recommend this doctor to anyone! I cannot praise this office enough. Thank you!!!!
5	I chipped the back of one of my front teeth this past weekend and based on the Yelp reviews decided to call Dr Levinson's office. I assumed I would need a crown because of the size of the chip and frankly, I'm terrified of going to the dentist. His staff is extremely friendly and helpful and they did their best to make me feel comfortable. They also assisted me in finding a dental plan to make any work I need less expensive. Dr Levinson was very pleasant and gave me several options and his opinions for fixing my tooth. He didn't try to up-sell me on the repair and when he did the work, he kept taking the time to make sure the repair felt natural and that I wasn't in any discomfort. I don't think anyone likes going to the dentist, but I wouldn't hesitate to go back here and I plan to do just that. It was probably the best experience I've ever had at a dentist office.
5	There is nothing like going to a dentist and feeling like you are at a shady used car dealer.  I've had encounters like this in the past where you feel like you have a pretty good smile, and then you walk out with a laundry list of things wrong.  Not to mention the fact that they try to sell you on every little thing.  This place is not that kind of place.  My hygienist was very fun and calming (I get stressed out at the dentist).  The doctor was great.  He told me some things I need to work on.  The best was the fact that he didn't pressure me into the corner with expensive remedies that might or might not be needed.  I liked that.  The equipment and facility is very clean and modern.  Very calming.  I have already scheduled my follow up visits.  Thanks for making my dentist trip an easy and worry free!
5	Ageless smiles is the first dentist I've been to with exceptional service and they really care! Dr. Levinson is wonderful and you can tell he really cares about his work & his patients. I have been going to Dr. Levinson for a few years now & is the only dentist I will go to even after moving 40 minutes away. His assistants know what they are doing and are experienced. The dental hygienists are all amazing. You can't find a better family dentistry then Ageless Smiles.
