4	The newest GLBT Dance Club. It recently opened to the community and offers a great lounge and dance floor. The music is high energy and worth listening to unlike the typical uptown club. the bathrooms are not your typical club like bathroom. they are upscale styled with out the upscale feel and prices.  this is in the historic Elizabeth neighborhood.I Would highly recommend taking a chance to go out and dance the night away here.
4	The former Club Eden is now The Closet.  I wish I had been to Club Eden before it closed due to storm damage.  But compared to what I heard about it, it looks like they spruced the place up!  The bartenders know their stuff and are very friendly.  There's seating if you want to chill out, plenty of places to hang out or just relax and people watch.The interior is mature and very cozy.  I prefer the video room which plays music at a lower volume and you can talk and watch 70's music videos or whatever is playing on the monitors.  But the main dance floor is very active, probably the most fun I've had in Charlotte.  People really come here to dance!  Not to be flashy, show off or get completely wasted.  Just to shake their ass!
2	Fun scene, great place, met lots of cool people. Open and airy with lots of dance space except no one was dancing. Why? The music was lackluster. My friends and I tried to dance but it was short lived. More trance, house, even some techno would get things moving. Despite the boring music I had fun but doubt I'll be going back too soon.
4	I have only been less than a handful of times, but I know this place has great potential!  I think as a community we really need to support venues like this as they are a dying breed.   The rugby team has held their annual fundraiser at the closet and it was more than a blast and a half!!!!!  The manager is really cool and the bartenders don't have their heads so far up their own poopers that they're cool with getting you a drink in a timely manner!  Parking is a bit cumbersome, I'm not gonna lie, but it's a cool lil place and you should definitely check it out and pack it out!
