4	Don't let the name fool ya. This is a clean, uncrowded grocery store that is direct competition for Fry's or Safeway. What impresses me: nicer looking produce and meats than the other grocery stores; friendly staff; they will honor ALL prices from competitor's ads without asking for proof on the ads; very nice deli with freshly made sushi etc.; and the building strives to be eco-friendly with lighting that comes on only when someone is in the aisle. Why it doesn't get 5 stars: shelves are stocked generically, not for the community (meaning they were totally out of pool supplies); the parking lot in front of the store is cobbled, so it's painful to push a full cart  across it; and this is what really ticked me off: after scanning all my items, the cashier asked me if I had put the bunch of used grocery bags on the conveyor belt for a reason. What? Duh, to bag my groceries in. She refused to take the groceries out of the other bags and re-pack them, and told me I could put my bags in the bin by the front door. She had no idea why someone would re-use their bags. When I told her all the other stores gave customers 5 cents for each bag brought in, she was shocked. So much for being green.
4	I love this Walmart Market, its soo clean and well maintained! I do all my shopping here. The store is usually fairly empty and well stocked. The fruit is fresh. They have fresh sushi available every day and the staff is really nice and helpful. Larry is the best!
1	This Yelp is for the Oishisa Sushi spot . Today I purchased Spicy Mango Roll with tuna I thought it might be a nice treat for lunch but it turned out to be a possible EARLY DEATH SENTENCE because the tuna was SPOILED so I had to spit it out .BLEEP YOU Oishisa BLEEP YOU!Bleeping Wally Mart Quality BLEEP YOU!!!!!!!!and I called them to let them know
4	The "WalMarket" (as I have named it) is awesome. Other than the fact that it is the closest store to home, they also have the lowest prices. And if their price isn't the lowest, they price match! The produce is fresh and the staff is friendly. The only aspect that the WalMarket lacks is a fresh butcher. But we all can't have everything we want, right? Other than that, they have everything needed to create tasty homemade meals, plus a decent selection of everyday needs in the toiletries and pharmacy departments. This store is also VERY clean and organized! Another thrilling plus is the energy-saving lighting system in the frozen goods section. It's fun to see the motion-detector'ed lights come on only as you walk by. My niece and nephew thought they were the coolest thing!
4	My wife refuses to go to this place but I like it because it is not busy like the Fry's across the street.  I don't like that you can't buy hard alcohol here and sometimes because it is so slow they run out of things like limes.  The prices are good and because it is new its clean and green.  They have the motion sensor lights in the cooler section so that they are not wasting electricity which is cool.  I didn't realize they don't have a butcher till I read Leslie R's review but I try to stay away from most of the fresh items here anyway since they don't do volume because its slow and that usually means that things aren't as fresh....which is why Pepper T's sushi was spoiled.  I will still rather go here than Fry's only because it is a mad house there.
5	Great store, rarely crowded, self check out open must of the day (self check out closes late in the night), open 24 hours, clean, has a redbox kiosk, a coin change converter, pharmacy, deli. - often the rotisserie chicken runs out. It used to get really burnt on one side of the chickens but they seem to have resolved that with their cooker.- customer service is slow to fix a self check out line when the machine has a problem. So be aware of that of in a hurry. Some people end up just leaving, or moving and starting their order on another available self check out.- pharmacy people are nice.- produce is surprisingly fresh on a regular basis, unlike the super walmart at happy valley and I-17.
4	I love this place, saves me and my family some serious cash. I do agree with allot of the other reviewers on the meat and produce - my wife gets those from the store across the street. I also love the fact that they have a Sushi shop inside the store. Makes a great quick snack. The lady the works there will make almost anything you want. And, you can call in your "order" ahead if needed. She (or her son) have never let me down in quality and freshness of the Sushi.
5	Great staff, good service.
