5	I really don't like Starbuck's coffee, because I am a self-professed coffee snob. I usually make 'joe' at home, or when I have time, I go to one of my little coffee spots that serve really good, robust, well balanced coffee. Not the acidic, burnt stuff that I usually find at SBUX.This morning I was in a pinch. I had early meetings and today was not going to be about a leisurely cup with my morning NYT or WSJ, I had to be in my car and out the door, early.I stopped at the Starbucks in my 'hood. The location just north of McDonald at the Hilton Village Shops on Scottsdale road. Ladies and Gentlemen, I am rarely there. Maybe once a month. As I was standing in line, I was greeted by name and when I reached the register, she had poured my coffee with just enough 'room for cream' as if I had been there yesterday. Wow...I am rarely at a loss for words and for a brief second, I didn't know what to say. Hospitality, as opposed to service, is hard to find in today's world of fast paced conveniences - and the woman - behind the Starbuck's counter whose name I don't know, yet she knows mine, took my breath away. She gets the five stars - not the coffee.
3	Heres the thing, I love thier coffee but not when they make it. I used to hate this place till a friend gave me a free bag. When I made it like a normal human does it is the best coffee I have ever had. 1 tblspn of coffee grinds to 1 cup coffee, best way. The actualy instruct you to use almost double. Pikes placeis the freshest coffee ever. It comes from the plant to the store in a garunteed 14 days. It is way fresher than the rest and very very good when you make it.I give them 3 stars because, while they put such care and standard into thier coffee, they carlessly poison you with the pastries. They get them from a local vendor. Its loaded with trans fat and saturated fat the light scones have around 1300 calories in one. When they place the nutrition facts on the sign with the name of the pastery or make them with real oil, they will earn those 2 stars back from me.
2	The rap on Starbucks is that they "over-roast" or "incinerate" their beans.And I think that might be right...sometimes at Starbucks, it seems like I'm drinking something brewed from charcoal briquettes...it doesn't taste good:(Now, I will tell you that I am really no connoisseur of coffees...I like coffee, you know...a good dark roast, made with freshly roasted beans:)But the beans don't have to come from a specific plant , grown on the southern side of a special hill in Columbia and then eaten and pooped out by a badger of some sort.No, I just want a decent cup of coffee at a decent price:)Why can't Starbucks do that?I occasionally need to meet someone for business, and Starbucks comes up as meeting place (and I understand that...they are almost annoyingly ubiquitous:)I have sat at a cafe table on a street corner in San Francisco, having a cup of coffee at a Starbucks...looking at the Starbucks across the street...Lewis Black calls it "the place where space and time folds in on itself"...I say "why build the Hadron Super Collider to open a black hole?"...Starbucks did it a decade ago with a combination of charred coffee beans and vats of money to open a Starbucks for every adult in the United States:)In and of itself, that's no reason for a 2 star review...Gordon Gecko said it best..."Greed is Good!" and Starbucks exemplifies that credo...they are a generally very successful corporation grown up from the Bay area defectors from Peet's Coffee...I have no problem with success:)No, my gripe with Starbucks is that they seem to be all about the marketing and not about the product...their coffee is crap:) So is most of the stuff they serve...it's second or third rate, at best.And just because it's convenient doesn't mean we all need to stop in.There is better coffee and better tea and better everything around...at much better prices...it's worth looking for another meeting spot:)
4	This review is not about Starbucks: the interior, the patio, the people or the coffee. It is about the neighboring square mile or two for a morning walk. This location has views of Camelback Mountain, McCormick Train Park, a couple of golf courses and some high end, well manicured  homes.I have visited a dozen or so Starbucks in AZ and CA and enjoy walkabouts. Each walk is different with different views and photo opportunities.  I just need a tall bold with no room to complete a different type of Starbucks "experience".
4	This is a nice Starbucks. The view of Camelback Mountain from their patio is amazing. Sadly, this view may be short lived as the PV Ritz Carlton is going to be built right across the street. The baristas here all appear to be mature, professional adults who actually listen to the customers as opposed to socializing with one another behind the counter.  Occasionally you will see a cougar or two come in here so make sure to keep a protective eye on your pets and small children.
4	This location is NICE.  The staff is friendly!  Got my drink correct and quick!
2	The location is fantastic. With the back drop of Camelback mountain and McCormick ranch just around the corner, it is one of the nicest locations in terms of ambiance and people watching, and that's why they get that extra star. Staff us also friendly and helpful but for the life of me I can't get myself to spend south in a cup of coffee. Yes it's pretty good,bug the l and pop shops just around the corner are just as good without the necessary bank loan required. Just my 2 cents.
4	You know the coffee...this place has friendly service, and they're not too slow, either. My drink order was right on the money!
5	Incredible customer service.  They are very friendly and go out of their way to learn the names of all of their regular customers.There is a good patio for sitting, which attracts a large crew of regulars who spend a good part of the morning there.A line does sometime form around 8-9 am, and I sometimes wonder why they don't do more to make sure during their super rush hours they aren't better staffed.Overall though, this is my favorite Starbucks.
3	The service is ok, but the staff always seem put off or distant.
3	This Starbucks is in a great part of the Hilton Village. I live right down the street and come here often. My drinks are always perfect but this isn't the quickest Starbucks. If you are in a rush skip this location.
5	The people that work here are amazing. All of them. They're not only friendly but they take care things. Great experience every time.
3	There are certain things that I order at the Green Mermaid and certain things I do not.I would agree with fellow Yelp'ers and friend Donald S, that the one thing Schultz-bucks doesn't do well is coffee.  The paradox of that statement is not lost on me.  I still remember my first cup in Bellevue, WA on a business trip over twenty-five years ago. At that time, Tulley's was barely off the ground and there was other quality choices in Seattle.This location of the Green Mermaid has a nice group of Baristas, who are very attentive to their customers and not just the regulars.  If I may, they are friendly to fault.  At the moment, I tend to order a drip Verona. It's not bad. And, it doesn't taste as if they've "over-roasted or incinerate their beans"  to borrow a phrase.  It's actually their take on an Italian roast and is quite nice.  For $2.10 Grande cup with free refills on a gold card, it's a steal.
3	Every so often a business closes for remodeling and then snap; reopens.In the process, it also looks like my old review has been misplaced. This Starbucks use to be much larger and was an ideal setting for client meetings. Sadly, no more.  The new version is much smaller, with an angular setup.  It looks as if part of the old space has been acquired by Jumba Juice.The Baristas who work here seem to be the same happy group, while it looks like no one has been displaced due to the store's downsizing.  Note, the outdoor seating now overlaps both the businesses on either side.
2	Urgency and customer service is not one of their strong points at this location in the afternoon.  Waiting in line while someone was figuring out what to order. One gal at the cash register and 3 baristas just talking while there was a line. It's kind of annoying when you see employees just standing around talking while customers are waiting. They could have opened the other cash register or started making the drinks for the others in line that knew what they wanted; just like they do in other Starbucks.  I will say I've been to this location a few times before and have had great service.  The gal working the register was very kind and said thanks for waiting.  If you're looking to get a quick drink in the afternoon, try a drive thru location.
5	Great customer service! Love the view of the mountains on the patio. Good start to anyone's morning.
4	We have been coming to this store for many years.  It was one of the first stores in Scottsdale. We often drove from Peoria on Bell and Scottsdale roads before the 101 freeway was started. It does not have a drive thru but it sells the products. I like the coffee and my wife likes the ice tea. We have never had a problem with service.
1	Terrible experience at this Starbucks store the few times I have visited.  The last one was the absolute worst.  The bathrooms were filthy, dirty, dirty floors, fecese were on the back of the toilet tank, toilet paper pieces were all over the floor and the two rolls of toilet paper in the dispenser were out.  The barista at the cash register did not know what she was doing and the line took forever due to each transaction being a problem.  Now move onto getting my drink: the barista got my drink wrong twice (I ordered a simple iced grande skim latte....I mean how hard it that to make?) on the last try(#3) he just poured brewed coffee over ice and did not pull the expected shots.  I went back to the cashier to see if I could talk to the manage....but guess what...the manager was the guy who just made my drink! I gave up.  Then I went to put sugar in my coffee and noticed that the trash was overflowing onto the counter, it obviously had not been wiped off in a while and product was missing.  I can't believe that no one else has complained about this location before.
4	Friendly staff, decent coffee and good strong Wi Fi. That pretty much covers the bases for a 4 star Starbucks review...
5	Friendliest staff lately! I've been fortunate enough to come in while it hasn't been busy. Actually had a chance to talk to the baristas and they introduced me to the clover! They've been training new employees and everyone is kind and fast. Thank you for making me a regular again.
3	Typically I have a great experience at this Starbucks, but today, my bacon Gouda egg sandwich was without bacon, and this is the second time this has happened this week. I need my bacon!
2	I understand that this is a laid back area but this is the slowest Starbucks I have ever been to in my life.  We were behind two people and it took 15t minutes to get two lattes.  We were in turn late for our meetings.  There is absolutely no sense of urgency here.  I will always avoid this Starbucks when in Scottsdale for Business from now on and tell everyone that works for me to do the same.
2	This is consistently one of the slowest Starbucks I go to. There seems to be constant turnover in staff. Quality of products are similar to all other Starbucks
