5	Harold's Chicken Shack is a Chicago chain that has made its way to Bloomington and Champaign. They provide chicken, wings, catfish or perch sandwiches, fried okra, gizzards, etc. (and some dessert items).The chicken is made to order, so it takes a few minutes to get your food but it's worth it. Call ahead to get your order right away.I've only had the chicken dinner, which comes with fries, cole slaw, hot sauce, and bread. Some Chicagoans make a "fry sandwich" by dipping fries in the hot sauce and placing them inside the bread. The texture of fries in bread is kind of interesting! And I like the cole slaw here.
2	I am not from Chi-town and I have never heard to this place. But my friends who are from the south side were commenting on their delicious fried chicken. So, I decided to give it a try. Their chickens are made to order, so it takes about 15 minutes for the food to be ready. If you are on a hurry, this is not a place to go. It tastes pretty good and not as greasy as I thought it would be. But I still don't get why they have a slice of sandwich bread under the chicken. I wish they have rustic rolls or corn bread instead. Since I didn't know what to do with it (I don't eat sandwich bread), I used it as a paper towel to soak up all the excess oil. It turned out to be very handy.
5	Rustic rolls?I can't believe that people from Chicago have not heard of Harold's, it's so uniquely Chicagoan. The perfect fried chicken - yes, perfect. The skin always crispy and perfectly seasoned, the meat always juicy and BURNING HOT (take your time eating it!) The wings are full sized, not the scrawny cheerleader-of-a-chicken-sized wings you get at some other places. I strongly recommend getting your chicken covered with hot sauce on top, the hot sauce is an atomic red and pretty spicy. I'm not a huge fan of the mild sauce, but some people swear by it - it's too sweet for my taste. Make sure your fries are soaked in the sauce, and then eat them in between the two pieces of obscenely bleached white bread for the famous Harold's fry sandwich. The 15 minute wait is well worth it, but sometimes when it's busy you can wait up to 20 or even 25 minutes. When you sink your teeth into that first atomic bite, it is beyond worth it.Health freaks need not apply.
5	Perfect execution of a chicken shack, but apparently they got behind on rent (or something) and are now CLOSED!Harold's, we hardly knew ye...
