5	I love this store!The majority of the products have a display model so you can try it before you buy it.  And prices are reasonable.    The staff are friendly and not at all creepy, and they know their merchandise.
5	Where you could take grandma to buy nipple clamps -- it's that warm and friendly. Stocks everything from exotic chocolates to colorful Mary Green lingerie to hard-to-find lubricants to a menagerie of vibrators, butt plugs, the aforementioned nipple clamps, etc. etc. Knowledgeable and helpful staff are happy to answer questions and just generally make you feel you good about buying a $64 Pyrex dildo.
5	It makes me beyond happy that they are conscientious of the way a woman's body is presented, which is why they take all of the vibrators out of the box and screen their video selection.  The staff will make you feel right at ease and answer any questions that you may have... and if you're still shy they have an amazingly helpful well-organized website.  I have a friend who hosts those naughty parties, and I always decline because if I have any needs they are met 100% by A Woman's Touch.
5	I actually first set foot into A Woman's Touch on a field trip for Human Sexuality 160. I swear I heard harps and angels singing as soon as we all piled into the store.  It was just so beautiful.  The sky opened and light poured in and blinded me.  Well, okay you get the picture.Not only is it tasteful, but the staff and website provides great information put out in a very no nonsense, you are not the only one, really you are not alone kind of way.  A Women's Touch does not only stock quality products but it really strives to educate its customers as well.  Their selection is very wide from vibrators to videos to games, books and countless other little pleasures I have yet to discover.  I can't say that I have many products from here, (okay well, I don't have any because I am not just about to buy a vibrator with my classmates and Professor) but I can tell you that the next time the long distance boyfriend is in town, one of the spots we're going to hit will not just be the G-spot--he will definitely benefit from A Women's Touch.  Right, I can't tell if that was just cheesy or punny.  Someone must have gotten a chuckle out of that one, if not just me.  Well, don't let that deter you from feeling out A Women's Touch.  :D
5	This store is the reason that no one should be afraid to go to a porn store!  It's the least sleazy 'adult' store on the planet (next to Good Vibrations in San Francisco).  The staff is so warm, friendly and helpful.  You don't have to worry about asking them questions, so please ask if you need to!They have almost everything you could ever want from an adult store.  They even have massage oils, candles, jewelry, etc.  My favorite part is their wall of vibrators.  Each vibrator has a description of the intensity and who it's appropriate for (for instance, "The Rabbit" might not be the best for a beginner, and it says so).  It's such a great way for a novice to buy a vibrator, particularly if they're too shy to ask for advice.They offer classes (like ones on how to tie up your partner), which I hear are great.
5	I never realized how amazing A Woman's Touch is until I couldn't go to it anymore. There is nowhere else that can possibly compare. I live in Chicago now, and there are stores that say they opened just to cater to women, and that they're conscientious of women's bodies and interests and stuff. But they're not, at least compared to AWT. There are very few stores in general where I'll sit down on the floor and read a book, nevermind stores that also sell vibrators, butt plugs, and those glass things you put on your nipples to make them puff out or something.I've pretty much decided that I've given up on other stores. Now it's all about mail order from A Woman's Touch.
5	The first time I went here, I saw a couple in their 50s shopping for a strap-on, yet it wasn't awkward at all.  This is the best store for all your sexual needs.  They even have a display of all the condoms they carry, and a chart of different lubes and what they're good for.  Classy all the way.
5	The purpose and ambiance of this store is summed up by the dish of dark chocolate bars that you are encouraged to take from when you check out- the staff is incredibly nice and helpful and everything is arranged in a pleasant, non-intimidating way.  Despite the unique touchy-feely atmosphere, they have everything you could want for your sexual needs, from research to foreplay to sex and everything in between. This is a great place to go with your partner because it's very friendly to both sexes.
5	Seriously, every woman in Madison should go here.  The staff is sweet and you can find pretty much anything you're looking for.  I always feel very safe when I go here, which is a big plus.
5	I've had nothing but the best customer service and advice here.  The store is run by an older queer female couple, and they are extremely helpful, in a non-judgmental (obviously), non-heterosexist, nor presumptive way.  The selection of vibrators here is really good (cheap to expensive, simple to highly complicated/advanced), and they are also fully stocked with all other kinds of sex toys (for men, women, couples, and others), sex lit and videos, lube, safe-sex gear (and info) and even lingerie.  I like that they have vegan options for the lube and ones that don't test on animals as well.  Great sex shop.
5	Classy place and great customer service!
5	Classy and helpful place. A go-to store for bachelorette party gifts.
5	Practically perfect in every way. Bright lights, no shame!
5	Most of the reviews for AWT are by women, so I wanted to add that the store is also a fantastic and comfortable resource for men.  Couples, too.  I've bought lots of toys and accessories there over the years and never had a bad experience.  The staff is always friendly and open, answering questions and educating about the materials, cleaning, and use of toys.Aside from the friendly atmosphere, the best part of AWT is the hands-on shopping.  Most places have everything in packages, etc, but at AWT a demo of every toy is right out on the shelves so you can get a feel for it, with batteries where needed so you can turn them on.  When you make a purchase, they take it out of the box and test it to make sure it works before you leave.
5	Relaxed, classy, and not at all what someone would expect from an adult toy store. The staff is extremely friendly, and knowledgeable about sexual health. They have a wide variety of merchandise, all at very fair prices. I believe the owners breed Newfoundlands, so imagine my delight when a big furry dog came out to give me some love while I was shopping.Definitely go here for all your sex-shop needs. 5/5
5	Everyone on yelp knows it, this place is great. The staff is friendly and knowledgable.  And although it may be weird at first, talking to them about your sex life becomes easy and natural.  Thanks!
5	Not raunchy, just what you need.  Never gone in for a "toy" of sorts but I've looked and the place has high quality products (at a price) and is not uncomfortable to walk through.  Very nice and friendly staff.
5	Alright, so I had an inprontu trip to the midwest and decided to stop in for some unmentionables.Seriously, this place really is as good as it gets. If you are ever in town, swing by. The staff approaches your questions in a professional way and it makes for a very enjoyable experience. The prices are pretty reasonable as well. Best part, you get a piece of chocolate with your purchase. Hey, why not :)
5	I'm happy to keep up the reviews of 5 stars...this place was my Madison version of Tool Shed...but maybe...dare I say...even better? Woman's Touch offers more classes than Tool Shed and keeps me updated with constant emails, which  I really appreciate. I am a big fan of toys that get purchased from these types of stores! I don't think I've ever been so casual to discuss my sex life with a stranger and it is for a good reason because they know just the thing to recommend!
5	My friend and I went in to this shop today looking for a specific item. The staff was prompt to assist us, very professional, and extremely helpful. Informative brochures are placed throughout the store for those too shy to ask question. The staff are not only knowledgable but also very eager to educate you. This place is a must!
5	Usually visits to the adult toy store are accompanied by a lot of giggling and embarrassed glances at the other patrons. However, A Woman's Touch had a different atmosphere than most other sex stores. For one, it's not located in a seedy strip mall. Also, the staff are very helpful in answering your questions and making you feel comfortable. They have a wall of toys that you can pick up and turn on to see what they do. They also have an unbelievable selection of lubricants and books about every sex-related topic. Don't feel shy about your body, let A Woman's Touch make you feel good today.
5	A Woman's Touch is a fantastic place. The staff is friendly and approachable and the are all extremely knowledgeable about their products. They completely lack the skeezy atmosphere of most adult stores, instead they're classy, well organized, and setup in a way that makes you feel welcome rather than dirty. I highly recommend this place to absolutely everyone - LGBTQ and other.
4	This place is truly a gift to Wisconsinites and women in general! I am gonna knock it down for overly-90s style, some cheesiness and...well not enough kink-gear for my taste. I want to feel at ease buying my boi underwear!That said, the staff is extremely friendly and casual, the environment is fun and easy the be in. This is the place my Quaker/religious/unitarian group took me to learn about sex at age 13. That is how socially appropriate it is. Only healthy, happy, consensual, safe sex here! And that's the way it should be.
5	I love this store because it promotes healthy sex and relationships as well. It's a very body/sex positive and pro-woman business (not what I would normally expect from an adult shop).
5	The staff are very knowledgeable and the selection is unbeatable.  There is free literature abound for a variety of sex-related quandaries. Plus, most items are available to test out (no, not like that) or look at before you buy.  And they have great lingerie too.  The ambiance is great if you're not into super-creepy sleaze. It's relaxing and classy and, dare I say, romantic.
5	This is the only high-end sex shop around Madison. Products range from books, candles and edible syrups (pro tip: don't actually cover yourself in dessert toppings) to a large selection of well-made sex toys. The staff are knowledgeable and helpful. If A Woman's Touch is your feminist sex-ed teacher, all other sex stores in Madison are, by comparison, chuckling teenage boys who boob-shaped shot glasses are hilarious.
5	These people are knowledgeable and the store carries everything from sexual health products to sex toys.
5	Best place ever! The staff are trained and educated and create a very comfortable environment. They also help with all kinds of concerns and issues.
5	Body-positive. Sex-positive. Queer-friendly... Really, "anyone with questions about sex" - friendly. Walking out of the store you feel empowered. I appreciate that the products they carry are good for your body. If you want sugar syrup that will give you a yeast infection, go to the grocery store. They give you good products. The give you proper care instruction. They have a wide range of literature on how to use their products. They also have great literature on any of your sexual curiosities.At the least, stop in and try a mint chocolate vulva!
5	Finally, a feminist, body positive sex shop that doesn't make you feel like crap. You can tell that the staff is very passionate about what they do and the store is designed to make your visit as comfortable as possible. It is a bit pricy, but there is a huge and thorough selection with lots and lots of information about the products. There are also complimentary informational brochures about topics on sexual health, practices, and exploration. I feel like this is a much needed business in Madison and in the world!
5	When you think of adult store, dark n sleazy come to mind. This store is none of that. Very comfortable. The owners are incredible. So much knowledge. Great place for beginners to experts. Couples or just yourself. Not just toys but sexy lingere hell get both and enjoy!!!!
5	One of my favorite sex-positive, body-positive, human-positive stores in the Midwest. This ain't your grandma's sleazy adult toy store.There's a massive selection of products, with open items available for you to touch and check out before you choose what you want to buy. The owners are lovely, and the staff can answer almost any question you have to ask.Books, lingerie, toys, accessories, it's all there; plus complimentary brochures on all sorts of sexual health topics. They also offer a number of classes on different sex, relationship, and intimacy-related topics by knowledgeable instructors from the area.You really can't go wrong shopping here.
5	I have been going to AWT ever since I was 18 (currently 23). My older sister actually turned me on to it- and I really think that explains the vibe there. As many reviewers have said, it's a body-positive, sex-positive, queer-friendly, feminist sex shop. It is a safe place. I have always felt comfortable there, unlike many other sex shops.The owners are also something special. I once went in to find a book about pelvic pain. Dr. Myrtle not only found me a great book, she also answered a lot of my questions, recommended me a specialist gynecologist, and validated my frustrations about not feeling heard by many doctors.A few years later (only a year ago), I survived a traumatic experience, and felt I would never want to be sexual again. In August I went back in to AWT and found a book about regaining your sexuality after trauma. The staff members could tell I was uneasy buying this book and after I was done checking out, she told me that I was going to be ok and I would get through this. It warmed my heart so much.A few days ago, I went in looking for new toys to experiment with and explained my situation to them. They were so amazing, they reminded me that feeling good like that was a great thing and reassured me that I was going to be ok.AWT is a sex shop. But it's also way more than that.
