4	We call this place "scratch and dent." If you're looking for any kind of appliance and want a pretty great discount, go here. My wife and I bought our washer and dryer a while ago with probably a 35% savings (the units had tiny scratches on them that didn't affect the functionality) and a range/stove combo somewhat recently for about 30% off (there's a dent on the side of the stove...but it slides in between our counters, so who cares?? no one can see it). We're in the market for some more kitchen appliances and will absolutely be getting them from here.
1	I have bought appliances here several times.Recently I bought over $3,000 worth of appliances and it will be my last purchase from Sears and especially Sears Outlets.Among the thing I bought was a dishwasher. My plumber installed it and said it was not cycling properly.Called Sears service. it took them 1 1/2 weeks to come look at it. Said it needed $450 in parts plus $175 in labor ( I paid $350 for it). They ordered the parts and said they could come out in 1 1//2 weeks to install them. When I complained about the delay they said I could just get it replaced at any Sears store..... but then they said I culdn't do that because I had bought it at an outlet and that I would have to go through service.So I waited. When they came out they installed the parts and then said it needed  more parts and another trip out to repair. (Remember I only paid $350 for the dishwasher- they must be trying to gouge Samsung).They were supposed to be here on Thursday of last week and I spent another whole day waiting for them. No Show, No Call. After a month my dishwasher still does not work. I have made over fifty calls to Sears ( their call centers are clearly not in this country)  and waited at home three days for them.Today when I call the outlet store, either it rings non stop or someone answers and immediately puts the call on hold and no one picks up.Sears has very poor service and outlet store customers are treated like second class customers.
5	The Management and the sales associates at this store were AMAZING! They did everything to help me save a ton of money on my major appliance purchase. I highly recommend a visit especially for appliances,  but they offered alot of other household items at very low prices as well.
