1	Rude. Ghetto. Dirty.Stay away.
3	Perhaps the owner of this Vietnamese salon read Jenn's review and decided to make some major improvements.  I live just a couple of miles away so this place is convenient for me to go in without an appt.  Had I read Jenn's review beforehand I would not have come here/  That being said....................This is my third time here and each time I have found it to be a nice, clean environment .  Each of my 3 visits found the air fresh and free of the usual chemical nail product smell, which really nauseates me and causes my eyes to burn.  I had a manicure and pedicure done this last visit and because business has been slow ,due in part to the light rail construction, (and maybe , in part , to Jenn's post), I received both services at the same time. I was in and out in 40 minutes.With the exception of one, very young, and loud tech, the rest of the  techs were very nice and seemed to want to make sure I was comfortable.  Massage Chairs are pretty comfortable and each chair has two different remotes- one to move the chair back and forth, the 2nd to provide various types of massage.  Man - what a massage! the balls (or whatever they use in the chair) felt incredible (these things move up and down your body from neck to lower back and switch off between different types of massage).  You can also set it for just one continuous type of massage. The only drawback, and for me, this is a big one, is the music.  Apparantly,  they put on whatever they want to hear , which is usually not very relaxing.  Twice I asked if they would please put something soothing on instead of the techno beat thing they had blaring from the speaker.  They obliged me and I received a quiet  "Thank You" from the two other customers there.  This last visit they had music from their homeland playing which was bearable plus fragrant incense which did help relax me.  The price is right - $32 for both a manicure and pedicure (I skipped the sea salt and callous removal options which are extra).  Technically, they do a good job and, each time I have been there, they take care to sterilize and clean the instruments, chairs, etc. One interesting note:  While talking to a couple of techs, they informed me that many of them  were nurses or teachers back in their homeland but because they are still learning to speak english they do not qualify for similar positions here in the States. One tech who was not busy was practicing her English using some type of language CD with her headphones on and a study guide).  You go girl! I have been seen within 5 minutes of waiting each time. If someone else has a good recommendation for a nail salon that is a good bargain and is within midtown/downtown phoenix,  let me know as I am open to trying new places.RC
3	I was visiting Phoenix with my fiance on some business and really wanted a pedicure while he was in a meeting.  I found this place on google maps and cautiously walked in.  There were two girls sitting there when I came in and no other clients.  One spoke English quite well, as I experienced as she loudly talked on her phone my entire pedicure at the desk next to the chair I was directed to sit in.  The other, who performed my services (I also had my eyebrows waxed) did not speak English well, but was very nice and nervous when she did.The salon itself was clean, but definitely used.  The massage chair was nice and comfortable, but you could definitely tell it had seen better days.The pedicure was nice.  I was VERY nervous because all of her tools came out of a caboodle box and went back into the same box...no sanitizing solution.  I was certain I was going to get an infection but couldn't get the English-speaking girl off the phone long enough to say anything, and I knew my pedicurist would not understand me.  I had the callous scrubber done, and it was with a tool I'd never seen before...looked like a large lemon zester.  Seemed to work okay, but didn't work as well or last as long as others have in the past.  No pumice stone either.  The massage and scrub were nice, but the entire time, the girl was focused elsewhere.  Not sure if it was just because we had nothing to talk about or that something else was on her mind.  My toes turned out WONDERFUL.  She even painted little flowers on them for me.  2 weeks later and they still look fabulous.  No chipping, breaking, or messes yet.  No infections either.  No bleeding like others have complained about.  No toe-dividers though, so I had to be especially careful.The waxing was fine.  Again with the same girl, so no communication.  Their waxing room is in a closet in the back.  The table is covered with the same towel from person to person.  My eyebrows turned out nicely, but 2 weeks later and I still am slightly broken out with reddened bumps across my forehead.  I might just be used to my normal girl's solutions at home, but not after 2 weeks.All in all, I paid like $40.  Not too shabby.  I'd go back again if I were in the area, but I wouldn't make a special trip.
1	Terrible, terrible service.  sloppy work - uneven filing, polish uneven.  impersonal and rude service.  Will not go back.
4	I have been coming to Cali Nails for several years because it is very convenient to my house. The price is right, the quality is pretty good if you go to one of the more experienced nail techs and I almost always get in without much of a wait. Also, since I am a "regular" they try to take care of me and get me in and out quickly when I need a pedicure over my lunchhour or between meetings. The ownership has changed hands in the past few years so I would disregard any review older than 2011. I frequented the store back then too though and would have never give the salon less than 3 stars. My only complaint would be that the nail tech turn-over is high and some folks are better than others. If you go often enough (like I do) you know who to get. Right now, I would highly recommend Jimmy (the bald guy) - he gives a fabulous gel manicure that looks beautiful and lasts easily for 2+ weeks.  He also does a nice job on acrylic nails. Rose, the woman who owns the place, is quite a character but she takes real pride of ownerwship in the salon. She is, however, a bit reckless with the pumice stone (scratches my soft skin) and digging for what she precieves as hang nails. Just ask her to be careful to stick to your callouses - and clip but don't dig - and she will be. She really does aim to please and wants you to come back. I find just being direct with her gets results.
5	Had been going to Cali Nails and quit going for a number of reasons, but gave it another try because it is one of theonly places for nails in Central Phoenix with more than one tech on duty. Much to my surprise it is under new management although still owned by Rose. Jimmy is first rate, and really does stellar work, including 3_D nails. Bald Jimmy does nail art that looks exactly like the stickers but actually stays on. They can duplicate most anything you find on the internet. Really sharp stuff. They don't upsell or overcharge, or $5 you to death. Love being able to come back to the shop with the new fresh makeover as well. Well done!
4	I'll echo everyone else here in saying that all of the previous reviews were written before "Jimmychu" started working here and really started impacting the culture and feeling of the place. I hadn't been there back in the day (even though it's a few blocks from my house) because of the negative reviews but decided to take a chance on it when I had been drinking, couldn't drive but decided I wanted to get my nails done (don't judge, OK?). I walked over to Cali Nails at 6:45 (they close at 7), but was greeted with a smile and service right away (by the other Jimmy). It took about 1.25 hours and $50 to get a fantastic gel manicure (from Jimmychu) and a good spa pedicure (from Rose). I was very pleased with the shape of my nails and I like how just because a few were short, he didn't try to trim them all down. It's been almost two weeks, and they're still looking good. Plus, as other reviewers, were mentioned the two Jimmys are just a lot of fun and genuinely seem to enjoy their jobs, which made it really fun to be there. I will definitely be back. Maybe I'll just make it my post-HH habit! :)
5	Amazing service, and very knowledgeable. I would come again, and recommend to anyone. Jimmy was helpful--great job.
5	We have been coming here for a Couple of years and love this place! Rose, Trina and Lyna are the best! The boys are fun and great too.
5	As a new downtown Phoenix resident, I went in search of a nearby nail salon. I was impressed with Cali nails, and have been going back ever since. They're a great value and knowledgable about the services they offer. Would come highly recommended to downtown Phoenix-ites, or others looking for a great nail spot.
4	Just had a great Manicure here from Jimmy (Budha), Yes there are two Jimmy's! I can't believe I didn't even know about this place, and I've worked a skip away for 9 months.  I told Jimmy I was a nail addict and have been pinning nail designs on Pinterst and he said to just bring a photo of what I want and he'll do it! That beats me trying to replicate the crazy designs on my own.  This is definitely my new go to spot for a lunch time mani! QUICK TIP: If you are paying by credit card either bring cash for the tip or remember to tell him to add it before he runs your card.
5	This place was awesome. The nail techs were very nice, it's clean, and reasonably priced. I paid $45 plus tip for a pedicure and shellac manicure. Definitely worth it!
5	Went in today no appointment, and Jimmychoo was able to do my back-fill in under 40 minutes because I was in a hurry.  They look fantastic!! Will definatly be going back!
4	Love this place. The staff are all really, really sweet. Remember you after 1 visit and actually have a conversation with you. It's a family joint and you'll probably meet them all. Good color selection, acrylics, and gel too. Whenever I am in town, I usually stop in (thanks mom!).
1	I have been going to this nail place for over a year now, especially because it is near my work. I only have an hour for lunch so this location was good. HOWEVER, after giving them good consistent business for over a year, I was treated RUDELY because a local celebrity came in (Linda Williams - news anchor for fox 10). Half-way into my appointment, Linda Williams comes in. The manager makes my nail technician leave me and do Linda Williams job. I had to wait 15 minutes until I got attention again. The funny thing is I ACTUALLY made an appointment. Because of the delay, I did not get good treatment. I had to rush because I had to be back at work. I had to rush out of there. The manager didn't even offer to comp my service. THIS IS BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE TO THE CORE AND I WILL NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THEM AGAIN!
2	I was so disappointed in this nail salon. I opted for a pedicure with a manicure at the same time which at the time felt like a really good idea. But it was NOT.  The lady doing my pedicure was rude, didn't talk much but when she did she was definitely talking crap or yelling.  The lady doing my manicure was nice, at least she smiled.I thought it was a little unprofessional to lay the wet towels they used on the chair which wasn't very clean then wipe my hands with it.  My toes look good it's my fingers that do not.  The lady doing my toes got super frustrated when the lady doing my manicure decided not to paint my nails and help another customer.  This resulted in a crappy paint job and the paint chipped within hours.  To top it all off she said "sit here and don't mess it up" REALLY? Don't talk to me like I'm twelve.No one helped me put my sandals on either and they kicked me out of the chair while my nails were drying to get another customer in the chair. They did not offer me a sear at the drying station, just wanted me out. I am not one to write bad reviews. I utilize yelp to communicate excellent service and product. The only good thing about this place is it is MILES away from me so I won't ever see this nail salon again, ever.
5	This place is the best. My nail guy even gave me his cell phone number so I can text him when I'm coming in to make sure they have a spot for me. My acrylics are gorgeous and Jimmy always takes great care of me. I won't go anywhere else.
5	Great service! Friendly people and I absolutely LOVED my nail design. I am definitely coming back! Jimmychu and Dil did my nails and I would recommend them to anyone!
5	This place is unbelievably fantastic. Lyna did my manicure and Jimmy did my "gel glitter fade" and they were so SO good. My nails have seriously never looked better. You HAVE to go here. Have Jimmy do a killer design. He is very talented. I even had some yummy wine... Thank you both so much!
5	I took my sisters and some other girls here for my sisters unofficial last girls day/night out before she tied the knot. We took a Tru Limo Lincoln Navigator out so we could sip on some drinks through our day, and Cali nails let us continue the party during our mani-pedis! It was awesome! When I was initially looking for a nail salon every place that wasn't a fancy $$$ spa turned me down because they couldn't accommodate all of us, but Cali took care of us! As soon as we came in we all took our chairs and soaked our feet in a nice warm bath. They have a large selection of shellac gel polish and regular ones too! Everyone found one they liked immediately.  My sister went with the french tip for her wedding and it looked great! They had everyone's pedicures going and transitioned to manicures reasonably fast. We all had the massage chairs going while chatting it up. The staff was all nice, it was a bit out of the ordinary for some of the techs to be men in their 20's or early 30's who spoke perfect English, but they do a great job and made for easy conversation! Some of us were stupid and wore skinny jeans and boots but they had us covered with these disposable flip-flops! I was like wuuuuhhh? That's service! Overall, it was a wonderful experience and they seem pretty busy, so I would say making a reservation was a good choice. It's really close to my sisters house so I may be back for more in the near future!
5	On vacation and this place was across the street. The guy who helped me was very nice. He carried on conversation and reccommeded places I should try in the area while visiting. I wish I knew his name to put on here. He spoke english and lived in North Carolina at one time. Anway, prices were good and service
1	My wife went to Cali nails to get manicure and pedicure with gel, they are extremely rude and way overcharge! Then the finished product was crappy. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Nails were crooked told me my fingers were crooked bubbled gel polish whole nail not even polished
5	I have been going to Cali Nails for a few years now, I love them. I have asked for some over the top designs and they always come through. It is best to call ahead to make sure someone is available for what you need.. I typically get in and out very quickly if I call ahead. They are in a bit of a not so great area but they deal with it well. I love this Nail place they do a great job!!
2	I wanted to try somewhere close to my work to get a quick fill and pedicure so I tried this place.  It is ok but not the best.  I had my nails done by a guy there.  He was always nice to me but the quality of his work wasn't what I'm used too.  I had white tips and my nails lifted in a week.Pedicure was average.  I felt like they rushed... Needless to say I only made it there once.  After my nails lifted It was easy to take them off myself and go to a better salon.  I can see where there business comes from.  Everyone waiting is on their lunch break so you end up waiting long and they rush you,  (hate that)
5	I've been using this salon exclusively for the past six or seven years because of how Rose the owner and her staff treat me. I've never had to redo a single nail - and over the years I've tried everything! Don't let the poor reviewers stop you from visiting this shop. Just expect to wait because she's busy with repeat customers. And new ones.
1	This is the first time Yelp reviews have let me down. I tried this new location due to the reviews and being 5 mins from my job. I opted for a manicure and shellac. Three days later the shellac cracked and began to peel. I called the salon and they asked I return and have the shellac redone. I did and the following day the shellac was cracking and peeling. This has never happened to me with any shellac or other type of gels. This was a waste of money and especially time!!
1	I went to this place because it was close and the reviews were good. Not only are they overpriced, but my manicure honestly looks like crap and I have no idea why I even paid for it. I strongly recommend going somewhere else because it was a complete waste of time and money.
3	Pros they do a half decent job on your nailsDesigns you show them will be attemptedPretty good pricesEntertaining conversationConsThe polish does not cover the whole nailIt's very ugly insideThey speak English to you but not to each other so you always wonder if they're talking about you.Overall okay, my nails look good but not perfect. Probably the best place downtown for nails.Whoever Jimmy is, he didn't work there anymore as of today.
1	UPDATE: After going here for over two years, I am done. I tip well every single time and used to really love the service here. However, I think because I tip so generously, my quality of service decreased dramatically with time. When he does the top coat now, Jimmy barely puts on enough to give it a shine and my nails look like crap in a day. He is very talented and knows what he is doing, so either the salon is trying to save on expenses or he doesn't want a $10 tip for a fill. I'm mad, I've been a loyal customer here for so long and I've been paying for junk. I got my nails done while visiting family on the other side of the US and that reminded me what it's supposed to look like when someone does a thorough top coat. When jimmy did my nails they would start lifting within a week. It's now two whole weeks since I got a fill from another salon and they still look amazing. Don't go here. They don't care for good customers.
