2	I was so excited to go to Sweet Tomatoes- had actually been bugging my boyfriend to go with me for a few weeks. Finally, we went on a Saturday for dinner and it was insanely crowded. It took us about 15 minutes to get through the salad bar and pay, before we waited another 10 minutes (while staring at our salads) for a table to open up to sit down. So, we sat down, I enjoyed my salad, went up for some soup (ick... not again). I was still hungry, but the thought of standing in the salad line again was unbearable. There were many good options on the salad bar, but almost everything up there, aside from the lettuce, tomatoes, carrots, cucumbers, etc, (think pasta salads, potato salads, veggie mixes) was coated in a thick sauce, which takes away from the "eating healthy at the salad buffet" idea.  I've learned my lesson. I'd rather get a big salad from a sit-down restaurant for the same price
3	This is a good location, in terms of freshness. Always a good selection of salad junk, and the soups are good. Avoid their pre-compiled salads, as they basically negate any healthy benefit you might get from eating there. I don't know what's up with the pasta, though -- they've got the worse pasta I've ever tasted. They would do better just to open some cans of Franco-American.On another downside, this place is kind of ludicrously priced when you think about it. $3 for a drink? It's not a movie theater, man. They do have a discount if you have a Phoenix Zoo membership, so bring your card.
2	In order to not write a hateful review, I had to bring myself to the realization that this place is supposed to be a 'healthy' buffet, not a 'good' buffet. I had never been here before, so I was delighted to see it was indeed a buffet. But as I got halfway down the first island of stuff, the delight turned into trepidation. At the cashier, which is at the end of your first go-round, she said $11.98 and I looked at my plate. "For this?" I wanted to ask. Wisely, I did not, for that is when I saw the other side of the buffet. There were warming lights and an actual kitchen back there, so I figured that must be where the meat is. I paid, however still leery. I sat my salad down and hurried over to the hot stuff. Soups, alright. Breads with cheese on it, cool. Pastas, ok. Meats? No. Crap. So I knew I'd be eating 'healthy'. I could use more of that. I didn't complain too much. All the salad stuff was fresh. Whether it was good or not will depend upon your taste in salad stuff. They've got a variety toppings, so you probably will create something to your liking. They seemed to have all the bases covered with the dressings, too...and the low-fat honey mustard dressing doesn't taste too low-fat, so don't avoid it. There's also oils and vinaigrette in bottles. I will say that for a place that specializes in salads, it seemed that they could have had even more toppings to offer...no ham, no turkey, no avocado, no mozzarella, no blahblahblah... I honestly have seen more offerings at a Ruby Tuesday salad bar. As for the specially prepared salads, most people will find something tasty. I had the Caesar salad, the pineapple coleslaw, tarragon tuna something, and some chicken and rice thing. The best was the Caesar, which was especially fresh and had garlic croutons. The pineapple coleslaw was as refreshing a dish as I think I've ever had. The tuna and the chicken/rice thing was just ok to me...but I still must point out how fresh it all was. The soups were delicious. I tried the shrimp bisque and the Mexican soup (can't remember the name). The bisque was awesome as I had two bowls of it, creamy with a subtle flavor and plenty of shrimp. The Mexican soup was the meatiest thing there and had a great rustic taste. Neither soup was greasy or too heavy. The pasta was unremarkable. I had the lemon pasta with capers...all you tasted was a tang of lemon and absolutely nothing else. The pasta was well cooked, but just left you with no taste. I didn't bother with the mac and cheese, as I don't eat that at restaurants. Then there was the broccoli and cheese stuff...had too much of a twang to it, too sharp. I put it over the pasta to try and make something happen, the result was tasting nothing but the twang plus the tang. Uh uh. One of things I enjoyed the most was the asiago something something bread. It was nice and crusty, but soft somehow. And the taste was great...garlicy and the asiago cheesiness. Perfect with all the salad and even more so to sop up soup. There were other breads, but none looked as appetizing. I must say that they kept it nice and fresh, with at least 3 batches coming out while we were there. Didn't try the yogurt or any of the deserts...should've. Oh well. There is also some darn good strawberry lemonade here. Its got real strawberries from the looks of it, because you can see the 'seeds' or whatever that stuff is in strawberries, all in the stuff. Either that or my glass was dirty... No, but it was great, and goes well with everything. Something else I'd like to mention is the service. The special salads had all been depleted, someone notified the cashier, the cashier immediately notified whoever, and they came over right away and began making fresh salads...which shows that there isn't some big vat in the back with premade stuff in it. The line was backing up, but the people making the salads were busting their butts. It was nice to see. Will I go back? Probably not, just not my style of buffet, even though it really SHOULD replace my usual buffets. Should you go? If you like salads a lot, and if you like soups a lot - then yes. Keep in mind that they only had 3 soups to choose from, and also some chili (didn't try). So that might not be enough variety for you. And you only get the pretty basic salad toppings. But its all fresh. Do not go here for the pasta. And I don't know what changes at dinner time, so maybe there's more variety then. Good value? Yes, if you can get full off of salad and soup. Looking for a meal with more girth? No. $12 for no meat for a man who is looking for meat leaves a bad taste in the mouth. Don't know the prices for kids under whatever age, but there is a senior price. If you're smart enough to eat healthier, this is a decent place, but still doesn't seem to have enough stuff to choose from - that's my biggest gripe. Stay away if you're used to eating at the Chinese buffet.
4	Do you like a bright, airy restaurant with big windows almost all the way around the place?  ...yet no glare from the sun because the building is situated just right?  This beautiful Sweet Tomatoes, situated in an upscale neighborhood of Phoenix would be equally at home in Beverly Hills or Newport Beach.They're careful about food freshness at Sweet Tomatoes, & the foods here are on the healthy side... low fat, low red-meat anyway.  They hold their own against their prime competitor, Souper Salad, & at this particular location, unlike some, it's easy go to back through the salad line for seconds without going against the incoming traffic.This half-month's special is Chicken Pot Pie Stew, & it's good!  Also today, they had out Pepperoni Focacci (pizza).  It was delicious, & they brought out more of it, fresh baked, every few minutes.Of course this Sweet Tomatoes shares the quirkiness of all the restaurants in the chain (icky diet cottage cheese, diet chocolate mousse, diet non-ice cream, little meat around unless you fish it out of the chicken soup, etc.), but with that said, it's still a good place to eat, & this is the best Sweet Tomatoes/Soup Plantation I've ever been to!  There's even a real nice patio area outside, which was bustling with happy diners.Weekday lunch is $8.29, Senior $7.46, & only a little more on weekends.  It's the best Sweet Tomatoes in Arizona, at least!
3	I never been to Sweet Tomatoes despite being extremely close to our house. Every time I drive by , it looks packed. Today I went with a friend and my son for lunch. I had a coupon, it was 20 something including drinks for both of us.  The drinks are definitely overpriced, the buffet at less than $8.00 was a decent value. I agree with a previous reviewer, the toppings for the salad were very basic, kind of disappointing. To their credit, everything looked and tasted fresh. The prepared salads were good, I'm pretty sure very high in calories as well. I had the potato leek soup, which was nothing to write home about. But.... this month they have chicken pot pie stew, you pour this on top of a biscuit and that was sooooo gooood. I'm surprised I liked it since I don't even like chicken pot pie, but the stew was nicely seasoned, the veggies were good and the biscuits were light and fluffy. Comfort food at it's best. The breads were OK, and the muffins were tasty. The pasta didn't looked appetizing to me at all, except the mac & cheese that my toddler devoured. Granted, at this age I don't think they're the best judges of good food, not to mention mac & cheese is a group food on its own for them.The fruit section was very sparse, only whole apples and pineapples slices. In general, unless you eat a lot, buffets are not a great value but a $10 lunch here will leave you satisfied, if you're not big into meat that is. I know that I need to come back for more chicken stew and biscuits.
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Foodn/a Service7 Atmosphere8 Value
5	I've been to many Souplantation/Sweet Tomatoes locations, and this was the best!The selection was good, all items were fully stocked, but best of all, everything was fresh and the restaurant was clean!Staff was among the friendliest I've seen at a buffet.Yummy!
3	It is what you would expect from a salad bar/buffet, nothing special and nothing terrible. I feel like you are getting a little bit overcharged considering nothing is good except the salad. It has always been clean and never too busy, but not somewhere I would recommend for anything but a salad. I do however, like that is is big and open and that they have outdoor seating.
3	Underwhelmed.  Confusing layout.  Where do you start and where do you pay?  Why aren't there plates accessible next to the hot food items?  Do we have a server who comes to refill our drinks or do we get them ourselves?  The cashier said a server would get them.  When a server never presented themselves to us, we got them ourselves.  Fucking send somebody around to clear our plates once in a while because if I have to ask for someone to do this then I'm not dropping a tip.  Here's your tip, "Be attentive."Two adults, three kids, three drinks = $43 bucks.  That's not bad.  It's like eight bucks and some change per person.  The salad bar is basically what you're paying for.  Good, fresh ingredients.  The 'Greek' dressing was really good.  A ton of variety.  The hot food,...eh.  Nothing outstanding.  All the bread, even the freshly stocked items, seemed stale and bland.I'll probably come again but maybe only for lunch.
3	It is a salad bar.
3	I'll take this place over Souper Salad, but its not the greatest as it used to be.  I used to go here every weekend for breakfast, which wasnt too bad.  What I do like is their salad.  Always fresh.  Where they do fail is the rest of the food.. always seems old.
4	We go to Sweet Tomatoes around once a month. It's very family friendly, as I have a 19-month old, and she seems to love eatting all the fresh veggies. It's a bonus that we do not have to pay for her yet. Today was the first time I can remember going to Sweet Tomatoes without a coupon so we were a little surpirsed to be dropping $27 for soup, salad, and bread. Typically there is a coupon in the paper every week so take advantage of looking there first if you like to save a buck like I do.
4	It's about as good of a salad bar as you're going to find anywhere, and far outclasses SouperSalad, who remains their only near competitor.When I've taken my time and thoughtfully combined ingredients, I've had some wonderful, tasty low-cal and low-fat meals at Sweet Tomatoes. Of course the temptation is to just pile stuff up on one's plate, and that's what most people do. Usually that just leads to indigestion and negates the whole "health" aspect. I've done that as well. Shamefully. Regretfully.The cost can be reduced with coupon (that seem to come in every Sunday newspaper) and by foregoing soda, juice, tea, coffee. It's a lot of good quality food for $8-$9 per person presuming you can get by with water. Do you really need a Diet Coke?During my visit today at this location none of the complaints I've noticed from other reviewers applied. The help was very attentive, my tray and used plate were collected quickly, and there were plates and additional silverware near the hot food.The turkey noodle soup was tasty, and all of the salad ingredients were fresh and of a high quality. Compare that with the typical SouperSalad where everything tastes shot through with nitrates or something.So yeah, it's usually a good experience.
2	Delicious food. Horrible service at this location. Go to the Southern and McClintock location for better service and friendlier staff.
2	Hello everybody!I will struggle through this review because I want to love Sweet Tomatoes, and at one time I did. In fact I would have given it five stars no question, but then we turned vegan. I like everything about this place, especially the rotation of the menu, and I believe thier concept is a great one. It is always clean and fairly well organized even though it is very hectic during lunch. The food is very good, not uber great, but higher quality, and delicious. Only one small problem. If you are vegan it is not worth your time to eat here unless you only want a boring salad. I want to get some kind of specialty salad, soup, and pasta that is vegan, unfortunately I cannot. Except every once in a blue moon, and im not sure when that is. They do a terrible job of labeling any item that is made in house as to its content. I only ask that things are labeled as vegan and not vegetarian. How hard is this. I believe that it is very sad that vegans have a hard time eating more than 20 percent of the menu here. Whole Foods is a far better choice for this meal choice.Sorry Sweet Tomatoes.LateGordo
2	The thing that bothered me the most on my last trip to Sweet Tomatoes was the uncleanliness of the establishment. The carpet looked like it hadn't been cleaned in years, and the bathrooms left something to be desired. If I can't trust them to keep the restaurant clean, how can I trust them to handle food properly? The quality of the produce looks good enough, but I think it's really overpriced for a buffet-style restaurant. You could get a lot nicer salad at a sit-down restaurant for less money. The hot food, as some other reviewers have mentioned, is pretty sub-par. I won't be coming back here again any time soon.
3	decent food
3	Great variety of salad items, soups, pasta, and desert.  Having recently gone vegetarian, this is a good place for me.  However, the soup selection is limited for a vegetarian.m  Still, I get a lot a food that I can eat and enjoy.
5	My daughter really wanted to go to Sweet Tomatoes.  After some prodding, I told her we could go, but I wanted to find out what was behind this instance that we have Sweet Tomatoes for lunch.  What did she hold to be the very essence of Sweet Tomatoes that was driving her to say that we must go?  Here is my interview.Interview with my daughter.Me: What  do you like about Sweet Tomatoes?Mira: The dessert and the pizza.Me: What else do you like?Mira: The food.Me: But, why do you like coming HERE?Mira: Because .  . . Of . . . the FOOD!Me: Is there anything else you like besides the food?Mira: The drinks.
4	Yes, I am a fan. It is similar to "Fresh choice" in California, but I like the variety and freshness of the dishes. The salad bar is the same, so I won't go into to much detail about that. We like to go on Sundays after church for lunch.What I do like is there soup bar, 5 to 6 different types of soups are very delicious ranging from (chicken noodle, clam chowder, Irish potato lech, spicy chili bean, minestrone lentil), Fresh baked goods are refreshed every hour. Corn bread, blueberry muffins, pizza, french rolls.They have a stir fry section, which changes daily depending on breakfast lunch or dinner. I personally like the cheesy macaroni. They have Baked potatoes with all the fixing's. The usual dessert par includes: fresh fruit, jello, pudding, chocolate/ vanilla soft server.bonus; on occasion a server will come by with fresh baked chocolate chip cookies.One thing I noticed though, is even though this place is suppose to be healthy. All you can eat doesn't help from gorging myself.
5	This place have a fresh salad & veg's buffet with 8 different soups! Awesome flavors. I like lentil spinach soup, tomato cream. The pizza was lightly thin bread & fresh. The atmosphere was calm and cozy.  They also have chicken salad, ice cream, & dessert. Awesome place! I will go back soon!
4	Yummy food; great price; friendly stuff.
3	I'm a Salad Bar junkie. I love the fresh, colorful, flavorfun choices (no, that's not a typo) that I can make while there. My baby loves the finger size munchies and there is something for everyone there. Sweet Tomatoes isn't necessarily my favorite though because they charge nearly $10 per person for SALAD. There's just something fundamentally wrong with that.So I went to this particular location when I had to head over to Ikea recently. It's quite a drive from my house so I won't be hitting this spot up again anytime soon but that's not to say it wasn't worth the visit. The reason this was just A-OK was because the Lemon Orzo soup tasted like Lemon Dishsoap Soup. I did mention it on their Twitter page after they commented on my Yelp check-in and they said they would look into it...but I never heard from them again. The other reason this was just A-OK was that I would have told someone about the off-taste of the soup had anyone bothered to come by and say hello! At the Arrowhead location, they are on you like white on rice, insisting on taking your tray before your butt has a chance to get comfy in its seat but this place? Not once did anybody even stop by my table to do anything much less say hello. They stood around the drink area and chatted. They stood up by the macaroni and cheese and chatted. They stood by the bussing station and chatted....but no chatting with any customers. Not good.I'll be back to Sweet Tomatoes, but because this one is way out of my way, I'll probably pass on it next time I'm out in Awahtukee.
5	Great salad buffet! The blueberry muffins are always good and hot! Too expensive for just salad though. Awesome service! Warm cookies are a nice touch.
3	Used to love this place, but recently its quality has been going down while its price has gone up. Luckily, they still have coupons every week for lunch and dinner thru Club Veg.My favorite part are the featured baked desserts, but when I went today the chocolate lava cake was lacking flavor and sugar. And normally I love fruit, but the fruit selection at Sweet Tomatoes is not as good as it used to be. Now it's just whole apples and one other fruit, often grapes. At least the salad bar is still decent, and the service is still good!Tip: The premade salads are tasty but very heavy in dressing, so I like to mix in plain leaves to make them healthier.
4	After the sad disappointment of the Tempe Field Kitchen, we headed over to this Sweet Tomatoes to enjoy their endless soup, salad, and starches before this location makes the transition to a Field Kitchen as well.  They had the standard pre-made salads (e.g., chicken wonton, Caesar, tuna tarragon, broccoli salad), 8 different soups, the requisite pasta station, muffins, russet and sweet potatoes, and a dessert bar.  I went into a feeding frenzy and got a mix of different salads, tried all the soups, had the gingerbread and orange cranberry muffins, and enjoyed a nice vanilla soft serve sundae!  All had great flavors, and I stuffed my craw to contentment.  Prices for the weekend lunch were a little under $10, and drinks from the soda fountain, tea, and lemonade stands were a little over $2.  We will have to go here again before the major change to Field Kitchen!
5	I give 5* because overall is great. I disliked potato Bacon with garlic though.  There is some sweet & weird spices in it. I believe next time will be better :). I would love to come back!* Italian creamy dressing is good!
4	We came here the other night since we had gone to Tempe branch and they are closed. We were able to use our coupon which was buy one get one free. Great coupon!2 meals for 17.00, excellent food ,great salads. So many soups to choose from.Everything you could want. They have here and the turn over is so fast they are always fresh.Kidney Beans were all smashed up & no one changed them out other than that every thing looked great!You can eat on the patio as well as inside.Like this place,it is good ,food is fresh and I will for sure come back.
5	I'm a sucker for a (good) all-you-can-eat establishment, especially when kids are involved. I met a friend here on a Monday afternoon (President's Day) for lunch, with kids in tow. 2 adults, 4 kids...you can imagine the line that we held up while going down the salad bar but everyone behind us was great. When we got to the register, one of the bussers offered to bring all of our trays to the table so we could get a seat comfortably.The dining room is large and there are a lot of tables on the patio outside. We opted to eat in. Once we got our clan settled, we took a trip over to the soup and bread area. There were a lot of nice options to choose from. Love the cornbread and the cream of mushroom soup! Kids love the pizza and mac and cheese.On our way to get dessert, we decided to all go together. I put the "We will return" card on the table, only to come back and find that our table had been cleared. One of the managers was walking by and could tell that a mistake had been made. She apologized and brought back brand new drinks for all of us. Great service. All in all, it was a good experience and I would recommend Sweet Tomatoes to anyone who is looking for some family-friendly dining. Oh, and if you want to save some money, sign up for the email coupons.
5	I love this place! The food is so good and I don't know if you can call their food healthy, but it seems healthier than other restaurants. Except the fact that you can stuff your face as much as you want to! My only complaint is the price, but I guess you can say that you have to charge that much for a buffet. I love the fact that they change their menu every month. Their soups are so delicious; I particularly love their onion soup. Also their pastas are very good, as well as the baked goods like the lemon or blueberry muffins.
4	I'm a big fan Sweet Tomatoes.  I like that nearly all the locations are similar in layout, so each one feels familiar.  I love bringing my kids, because they can eat whatever they want, in whatever quantity and arrangement that they want. The seasonal specials are usually very good, and a nice change to the usual offerings. I just went last night, and it was the first day for a California Cobb Salad and Key Lime Muffins.  Both were very good.  The staff was fast at the register and they roam the dining room to remove used plates quickly.  Nobody was refilling water glasses, which I could have sworn they've done in the past, but not a big deal at all.  There was even a guy walking around handing out fresh baked chocolate chip cookies! Bonus!I like that there are items for everyone's tastes.  Excellent selection of premade salads and lots of options to build your own.  Several soups and pastas to choose from too.  I love getting the baked potato. My kids are fans of the soft service ice cream.
1	They got rid of my favorite item, Frozen Yogurt and replaced it with a powered frozen treat mix that the staff inconsistency mixes in the back and tastes like frozen Phoenix tap water, and they call it ice cream. I think that Sweet Tomatoes is punishing us with drastic cost cutting messures because of the losses that they self induced with the field kitchen failure.
4	For getting a healthy dinner that's quick and inexpensive, you can't get much better than this place. Loyal customer here.
4	Probably the best salad bar restaurant I have been to.  They have a great selection of items and everything is fresh. They have a few prepared salads if you are not in the mood to build or just want to use it as a starting point.  My favorite section though is the soup bar.  They always have a great selection to choose from, no matter your mood.  My favorites are the chili and of course the Sweet Tomato soup.  The staff is usually friendly and not a nuisance like they can be at some buffets.  There is always someone circling the floor with a basket of cookies.  Definitely a favorite of ours when we lived in Phoenix.  I wish they were in PA and MD so we could visit again.If you are looking for a quick healthy meal (with the not so healthy always available) look no farther.
3	About the same as the rest.
4	So I would be lying if I said I was excited the first time my friend suggested eating here. My thought process is, why spend money on just a salad bar but boy was my mind quickly changed. There is something for everyone. The health conscious can fill up on the salad bar while others, like myself will hit the soup line as well. Their chili is amazing especially with sour cream and cheese. I always say I will try "that" the next time through but I never get to the next time through. They did lose a star for the price. 2 bucks and some change for a drink? I quickly forget about that once I start eating because it tastes so good. I never thought I would consider eating here a reward for good deeds but it definitely is.
1	There is hair in their pasta and they are having a hard time admitting they are at fault. Instead the manager mishandled the situation. I just wanted to let know what going on with their pasta before another customer encounter the same situation. I was a repeated customer but after this bad experience,  I will not go back. I'll inform my neighbor, friends,  and family. Thank you Sweet Tomatoes for ruining one of my favorite place to dine.
4	My daughter loves this place!  The employees are nice and helpful.  Just don't get why the price is so high.
3	Come here to fill yourself up with veggies, simple pastas, soups and some soft serve ice cream.  Each location is the same and you can have your food exactly the way you want!
4	Iusually try to keep coupons in my wallet for this place or use my senior discount as it is one place I like going to. Salad is good and many choices to have to make a kings salad. I love the onion soup and mac and cheese sides. I take a baked potato once in a while. A no meat place and don't miss it. Who needs fast food when one has places like this to choose from.with it good food. One gets dessert too. Wow.
2	I just found a hair in my food and the plates are always dirty I don't think we are ever coming back here also I came with 6 people and it was a lot of money it was 5 dollars for 2 cokes that's too bad because they have really good food so it gives them an advantage
4	Great selection.  Food is ok.
3	Sweet tomatoes brings back memories from my childhood because of the buffet line and macaroni and cheese. Lately I have noticed the salads getting more mixed together than usual. The dressings seem to taste more artificial and have a clumpier texture than I remember but I still prefer their house Caesar over a store bought container. The soup selection has not been appealing to me as it did before since the chicken noodle soup is watery and not evenly distributed and the vegetable soups either have too much or too little salt. Their blueberry muffins will always be my favorite dessert option but the never ending ice cream is a close second. Lately the pasta has been a bit more greasy but it still tastes decent. The macaroni and cheese is still made of real cheese and has the best texture. I don't remember if they still serve those cookies but I used to love them when I was younger. I would still come here but only once in a while and only when you get the online coupons for the cheaper meal.
5	I have been sad wishing the Soup or Salads were still open in our area. I was happy to find this place while out shopping.The salad bar is stocked with fresh veggies and add ons. It's clean and inviting. The soup bar, bakery have a nice selection. It can get quite noisy, but I'm here for the food.
5	I am back! The foods still greats, the services awesome and now they have beer and wine..lol!
3	It's nice to find a healthier buffet option. They have plenty of vegetables and other salad toppings to choose from.
1	Beautiful salad bar but this location has NO MEAT.....great for vegetarians but if I'm eating a salad for a meal then give me some protein.....PLEASE....first and last time here!!
5	I like Sweet Tomatoes and I love this location. The salad bar has fresh veggies. I like the salad of the month too. Yes the dressing is too much but I don't mind it. The salad toppings and dressings are too many to select from. The soups, baked sweet potatoes, bakery section, pastas and deserts are sooo good. The cookies they serve are moist and good too. On the whole I love this place.
3	So I have been a sweet tomatoes fan since I was in high school. It definitely has problems, but ever since all of the souper salads around us closed this has really been our only option for a salad buffet. First off, the prices are really high but they give coupons away like crazy. I get an email pretty much every week, and they are all over the newspapers....just lower the prices already!!! Even with the coupons the price of a meal for a family is much too high for the food that you get, which brings me to my huge problem with the place. Why is there no meat for the salads? Even souper salad had ham and turkey and their prices were much, much lower. The dessert options are laughable, it's usually oranges and some jello. It reeks of no effort at all and looks sorry. They do offer ice cream but I'm not a fan. Some other options would be appreciated. The service is usually very good and the warm cookies that are brought around are usually delicious. If Sweet Tomatoes added meat to their menu and lowered the prices, I would be there more often. I don't foresee this happening but it's nice to dream. BTW I am so glad that this place didn't turn into that "Field Kitchen" chain that they tried with some other locations. That sounded like a disaster.
5	This place is amazing,  my only down fall is I found ants all over the grapes in the fruit bar, but it still hasn't stopped me from going there,  I'm just at a little weary of the fruit bit everything is still amazing
5	This place is the bomb! I love coming here on an empty stomach and loading up on fresh salads and baked sweet potatos. Everything always tastes fresh and they have a huge variety of foods to choose from. You will have no problem finding things to eat if you are vegetarian like me. Recently I went in to the Tempe location and they now have an area dedicated to carnivores, which makes my boyfriend happy! This place is the answer to anyone who loves going back for more. Just be prepared to be more than slightly hungry when you go or you might not get your money's worth of food, as it is a set rate.
4	GOOD SALAD BARConsistently, good food. The soup, salad and  desserts are good.GREAT value for families with small children under 2 eat free. Ice Cream Machine with the toppings and really good home made biscuits and honey butter.
