3	Very Very busy location.  I waited to actually speak to someone but when I finally did everything was taken care of.  The people were nice and seemed honestly concerned.  I wished they were a bit less busy but all my issues were taken care of!
3	Always long lines for service help but employees are always helpful...once you get to talk to one of course.
5	I do have great reviews for people - Verizon 5 Star Service all the time - in their stores or even on the 800 number Ultimate Company - I will continue my Service with Verizon:)  I am very happy with my DROID of 2 years. I have No Complaints with them at all.. I have  been with Verizon for 12 years - my business lines - everything is Verizon. Thank you Verizon for such AmaXYNG Service.. as always.
3	This place is ALWAYS busy!! Do not come here unless you have time to wait for a while. Some of the people here know what they are talking about and some do not. Good Luck!!
4	I do not have Verizon. Had to go here for work purposes. But if I had it or if anyone goes to this location ask for Charles he is a very helpful friendly representative.
2	Always takes forever... I dread walking in here! Hold onto your receipt! Even a recent transaction takes forever to find in their system...
1	Terrible store, terrible customer service, piss poor store managers . They will do nothing for you as an exception that is outside of normal promos and regular service. You would think they would try to retain 15 year+ customers by helping them out in a bind...but don't count on it. They are worthless. Verizon Wireless itself is great, but the stores and the store managers are the worst.  Stay away if you have the option.
5	Even though this place is crazy busy all the time I do like the customer svc reps.  I've been coming here for a while and there are some individuals that stand out.  Polly for one. She is so nice.  Hopefully you will get lucky and end up with her. Charles is awesome but moved to the Goodyear location
1	Just waited for over 45 mins and no one helped us. Not a good visit. We had some questions on travel rates and couldn't get any information. Usually the wait is long, but today they didn't even see one person on the wait list while we were there.
3	The manager did send a response which did help my mood on this location. I will try another visit to give them another chance. :0) I will let you know the outcome. I'm confident that it will be a better experience.
1	Visited this store on Monday afternoon and had to wait 15 minutes before speaking with an employee. I had several questions regarding my current phone which hasn't worked well in months in spite of several contacts with Verizon tech support. The young man I spoke with essentially told me it was my fault because I had purchased a bad phone. He seemed oblivious to his own implication that Verizon sells junk. I also asked him why I should stay with Verizon given the poor service I have received. He said the only reason to stay is their great customer service. He couldn't have been less interested in helping a customer so I didn't stay a customer. Do yourself a favor and visit the cell phone center in Target or Sam's or anywhere but this store.
1	Brought my mom into add her to our plan and new phone. Waited for service for over 1 hour   Finally got someone who proceeded to muddle through adding her, had to get mgr and then had to call customer service. What?!  This is after she was here with hub earlier in the day to be told she had to unbundle from her existing acct before they cod help her and that it could take up to a month. It took 5 minutes after she drove all the way home to do it because they apparently could help a 75 year old woman. Now while still waiting for customer service he's telling us our plan may not be compatible.  We are into this an hour and a half now with no end or resolution in sight   Not impressed nor pleased
1	I went in her yesterday to trade my dads cell phone in after I called customer service and was advised that it was the 14th day and I had to get there before the store closed. I went in and waited 30 minutes . Finally Rory comes over and I explain what I want to do. He immediately tells me its over 14 days its 15 days. He then proceeds to ask his manager if they can make an exception . He comes back and says we can help you . Great! I pick out the iPhone 5c and I am on the edge program. So he starts the transaction and then Rory comes up to me and says because its over 14 days we can not do the exchange you have to pay full price. Then I proceed to say but you said your manager would make the exception . He got very rude and said I did not say that.I asked to speak to his manager and he disappeared for 10 minutes and comes back without his manager . Stating there is nothing we can do for. Rory was the worse sales person I ever encountered and will be writing Verizon's Executive Customer Relations. I have never been treated so poorly before in my life. Avoid this store at all costs. Order over the phone.
2	The associates are polite although maybe a bit pushy. But the wait times in this store are ridiculous. There's the greeter - who takes your name. Okay, that's fine. Then just wait - regardless of what you need. There are no cashiers to allow you to just grab and go. Don't bother popping in for a charger or a cover, which are overpriced anyway. The associate, after spending a ridiculous amount of time trying to upswell the customer before me, is finally ready. It's finally my turn. Then off to the greeter he goes to find out who is next - I know it's me because I've been waiting for almost an hour. I continue to wait as they stand there and chat for a while, which seems to be a common occurrence in this store. What could they possibly be discussing? Finally they walk toward me and, after introductions, I show him exactly what I want. He, of course, directs me to a more expensive phone. I advise him that I am purchasing an emergency phone for a 10-year-old. He takes the hint and leaves to retrieve the phone I originally requested. Upon his return he asks for my home phone info. I advise that I do not have a landline and he instantly breaks into his obviously rehearsed monologue about their home phone plan. Again, I point to the reason for my visit - an emergency phone for my son BECAUSE we don't have a landline. Finally off to the checkout counter. I foolishly inquire if the charger is included. Another rehearsed monologue about the amazing bundle he can offer with my 99 cent purchase before he finally admits that a wall charger is included with the phone. All said and done - an hour and a half to add a 99 cent flip- phone to my account. They really need to speed this up. I've purchased vehicles in less time.
2	Wait times are ridiculous. Hire more people or come up with a better system. I was told 15 minutes, then after 25 i asked for an update and was told its another hour still? They really seemed to care less... There were plenty of associates just hanging around chatting who could have helped me with my simple problem... Instead i waited 30 minutes, gave up and went home with nothing:(
5	We had a warranty issue where the phone had a sticky substance on the screen. The staff at the store was great ;however, when shipped the two phone numbers in the package go to apple and Assurian the warranty co. Apple couldn't help and Assurian is a pain who caused a big mess. Jason made it all good at the store.
5	Ask for Rory. The ex-Oregon State Beaver
