4	If you are looking for a good grocery store, this isn't it. If you're looking for random import foods, like the real Hinze Baked Beans or a really good wine this is the place. After buying your wine and your tin of beans, head over to the bakery. This is a hands down must, because they have some of the tastiest treats on the earth. Just make sure you eat something before you go, otherwise you'll end up with about 129438495 calories in your cart.
2	This place wishes it was Whole Foods or something. I get that you're trying to be an upscale market and all, with your marked up prices and such. Just don't try to pull that crap off with things you can find half price (ok, maybe an exaggeration) for the same exact product elsewhere. The store is large is there is a good selection, but I was not impressed.
3	Nice shopping area on Val Vista, west side of road, just south of the highway.  Normal selection in terms of food, but the beer, wine, and spirits were noticeably smaller in offerings compared to many of the central Phoenix AJ's locations.Parking was good.
3	For those who are used to shopping at wal-mart for everything this is not your kind of place. This store serves two different kinds of people. Those with lots of money and those looking for hard to find items. I was feeling like trying something a little different so I went to this location hoping to find a few rare gems. Big huge thick brownies that look like they where stolen from a food network set ( did they kidnap Paula Dean?) along with a chocolate skyscraper they call a cake. They are one of the few places one can find heirloom tomatoes, and real andouille sausage. Plus if you get food stamps they take those to (don't act like you never used them before)! I recommend at least checking this place out if you are tired of the same old bargain bag, run of the meal selection of produce and meats. And while they do charge you an arm and a leg for things you can at least feel superior to most while you very slowly eat your $2.00 apple.    LOL
5	I love AJs - I know that if I need some "specialty" type of item - they will have it.  I know that if I want to grab a yummy, delicious baked good - they will have it.  I know if I want to pick up some fabulous cut of meat - they will have it.  Do I shop there everyday?  Of course not - but I do make it there about once a month.They also have a great kids program that meets once a month.  For Easter they had an egg hunt, complete with bunny, baskets with goodies in them ready for the kids and a gourmet treat for them when they were done with the hunt.  My kids came home with jelly belly beans, belgium chocolate bunnies, german chocolate & fruit creme filled eggs and hand made bunny & chick fruit gummies - all for the low, low cost of $0!  And the brunch on the patio is pretty tasty too! They are also AZ locally owned - that right there give them one step up in my book.
4	Great food! Quality is great.. well worth the price
4	We visited AJ's for the second time in 4 years this week. We only shop there when we need something special that the regular supermarkets don't carry. I was looking for Fusili and I found it right away. The store is clean and organized. They carry a wide variety of specialty foods, so we enjoy looking around. We were also quite impressed by the sushi bar and the selection of pre-packaged sushi. The bakery area was dangerous...Too many treats it is hard to make a decision! We would recommend AJ's to our friends.
3	A few months ago, I would have given this store 5 stars but lately it's been more of a 2 star at best other than the quality of the meat department. I went in last week for some tuna and grabbed some langostino lobster. It's precooked like shrimp, I figured I would mix it in with a salad. When I got it home it smelled rancid - very bad. Just opening the package filled the room with the smell. Not something the meat department guy could have missed. He shouldn't have sold it to me at $20.00 an lb. The other thing I've noticed is it the attitude from the meat department. if I'm at Frys, I don't really expect immediate help but when you're paying $30.00 a pound for steak, you figure the two workers in front of you complaining about their hours would stop for a couple minutes to give you a hand rather than look up and keep talking. Hopefully it will turn back around as I've always appreciated the service and quality of this location.
3	Came here and grabbed some dinner with my man. I had a cup of chili and he had a cup of cream of chicken. I loved my chili, great flavor and texture. Nice and chunky, full of meat beans and just enough spice to get your nose running. The cream of chicken did not fare as well, it was bland at best. To give you a good idea of how our 'fine dining' went down, the cream of chicken now sits cold and half eaten, while the chili cup is wiped clean.The convenience was easily the primary reason we decided to go to AJs. We grabbed our grub and headed home. There was a lot to choose from, we'll most likely come back and try more dishes.
4	In my quest to find bottled soda to filled the void left by the closing of Pop the Soda Shoppe in Scottsdale, I decided to check out A.J.'s.  I've always been impressed by their meat selection.  You can't fault a place that sells crawfish, oysters, trout, and pretty much any other cut of meat you can think of.  When I found the bottled sodas, I was in heaven.  They have a chilled section with single bottles, and a shelf with packs.  They don't have a gigantic selection, but considering it's not a soda shop, you can't fault them for just having one shelf devoted to bottled sodas.  They had Sonoran Root Beer, Moxie, Boylan's Creamy Red Birch, Dublin Dr. Pepper, Sioux City, Oogave, Thomas Kemper, Jones...the list goes on.  Needless to say, I spent $30 there that day.This is no Wegman's by any means... But I don't think we can expect a Wegman's replacement short of an actual Wegman's opening in town.
4	I live close to AJs and it's pretty good for a lot of things.  1. Wine selection: they have a big, nice wine section and a lot of imported beers and stuff like that.  They also have really helpful staff that will help you pick out affordable good wines.  They also have a really cool instant wine chiller so if you buy white wine for dinner it can be chilled in just 10-15 minutes.2. BBQ and sushi:  they have a BBQ everyday for lunch and it sometimes has really good deals -- like a chicken sandwich, a side, and a huge drink for $5.  Can't really beat it, except that it was making me fat from eating it too often ;)  They also have a sushi bar that's not too cheap but is good if you want something light, fast.3. Great candles and lotions and products like that.Aside from that, the service is pretty good, there are free samples sometimes, and the groceries are fine.  I haven't been too impressed with the produce quality.   Overall, a good store and worth frequenting.
4	I don't usually shop at AJ's unless I am looking for something very specific that I cannot find anywhere else. The item in the past has been canoli shells. I like to make home made canolis occassionally but I am never daring enough to make the shells. I can never find them anywhere other than AJ's. I would say that if you are looking for something special that the average grocery store doesnt have, try AJ's. They are a bit expensive though so I would go here as a last resort. Now normally, I would give this place only 3 stars, however, yesterday, I discovered their dessert counter. OMG, I was in heaven! I knew they had cakes and fruit tarts (which btw are outstanding although 30.00 apiece), however, they also have a vast array of mini gourmet desserts for when you have a major sweet craving and want something special to satisfy it. Im talking mini carrot cakes, mini fruit tarts (yes!!! I dont have to pay 30.00 whenever I want a tart from them), mini tiramisu's rounds, brownies, canoli's (WTF?) and even mini creme brulees! Additionally, they have home made chocolates which looked equally delicious. I opted for the tiramisu which was not only tantalizing but light, creamy, and honestly, one of the best Tiramisu's Ive had in awhile probably since the wine train in Napa. My best friend said that her praline chocolates were very good as well. I got a brownie for the hubby which is enormous and I will post an update once he tries it. What's even better is that the mini desserts are really reasonably priced so if you are looking for a dessert for someone to celebrate a birthday, anniversary, whatever, this is a great place to go.
4	I love this AJ's! The staff is always very nice ad they have an AWESOME sushi bar. The fish is always extremely fresh and their portions are plentiful. This is a great place to grab lunch if you are in the area!
4	If I had a higher salary, I would shop here. I love this store, however the only reason I come here is if I am looking for something you can't get at a large grocery chain like a Fry's Marketplace.They have a great wine selection, fine imported cheeses and the pastry counter makes your mouth water. When they are having a sale on steak I always buy it here.
4	I'm a value sorta guy...considering that, I should HATE this place on paper, but the quality, selection of items you won't find other places, and general vibe of the store are fantastic.  You will pay top dollar, but you get top notch stuff in return! Their baked goods are exquisite, their meats are the most gorgeous chunks of dead flesh you'll ever see, and then.. there's the Beer & Wine. Wow.
5	Great food, free samples, and extremely knowledgable and helpful staff.
5	Excellent beer and wine selection.  I love that you can buy a single bottle of beer - if you want to just try something out, you don't have to commit to a six-pack.  Great prepared foods section - I had a hard time choosing between a sandwich, soup, build-your-own salad, pizza, and sushi (just to name a few of your options.)  I opted for the sushi and was not disappointed.  Fresh fish made to order.  I'll definitely be returning!
5	#AJs Fine Foods is an excellent source for your vegan whole foods. I was shocked that it wasn't near as expensive as everyone said. On par with whole foods.
5	This place kills me, as in, I am sooo upset they don't have one where I live in CA. In fact CA is disapointing in general, completley run down, not redeveloped and old and crappy!Sorry just ranting. Anyhoo. Visiting here with my family for xmas vacation. My relatives live in the area and we stumbled upon this actually in the Desert Village shopping center at Pinnacle Peak.  So closer to my aunts house, we tracked this location on a different day and had lunch.Again, where has this place been all of my life?? I just want to move to AZ just so I can shop here. This place is amazing! Their selection of food is outstanding and their food is great too.They have a sushi bar, a wood fire oven for pizza's and pretty decent sandwiches. I didn't get to look around too much but from what I saw, it was sooo awesome.We sat outside and ate our lunch in the patio/restaurant type place which was closed. We then walked around Dana Park, which I'm pretty sure where this is located, and had a nice time looking around.Enclosing, I am writing a letter to California explaining my distaste in their lack of everything:Dear California,You suck. You can't possibly think you are considered "the best state on the west coast" which is such a misconception to the rest of the world. Since I have lived here, I have never experienced such a badly maintained living area in my life. You don't build, you don't grow, everything is so old and run down. It's so sad. I guess I'm stupid. Having experienced the "real life" where there is growth, and new business and new roads and new this and that, I am so ashamed that I live here. I have been all over California and still and completley suprised that it's so badly runned down. Even the nice areas, you consider nice, areas of L.A., San Francisco, Monterey, Carmel whatever. Nothing compares to the newness and expansion of other states such as AZ.Sincerely,Someone who grew up better than thatAJ's: don't expand to California they don't deserve it. I'm moving out.
2	I just don't understand why its so overpriced, $8-$13 for a box of cookies, come on now.
4	Makes me feel less like I live in a food desert. Often guilt-free baked goods, amazing selection of coffees and teas...and one of the best sushi places in town!
4	This is one of the best food markets I have ever been into, but if Wegmans is a 5 star, then AJ's is a 4 star! I really like the AJ Fine Foods Deli with lots of great foods, ready to eat and ready to go, along with some of the best service you will get in any Food Store.  The wine section is amongst the best you will ever see and surpasses both selection and quality of many wine specialty stores. A wide variety of ethnic specialty items makes every trip to AJ's like an exploration of foreign cuisine possibilities and the pricing is not too high to discourage experimentation.  Overall, I highly recommend AJ's from all perspectives; Food quality, selection, pricing and service.  yes, AJ's is slightly more expensive than Safeway, but makes up for this disparity with quality and service.
4	There are so many good things to say about AJ's, it's hard to know where to start. Amazing meats and seafood. Great deli items. Great sushi bar. Knowledgeable staff. Fantastic produce. Gorgeous flowers. And the pastries... the list just goes on and on. There is usually a somalier on staff to help with wine selections to go with whatever cut of meat or seafood choice you've gone with. A good mix of everyday grocery items as well as specialty items. If you can find the marinated garlic, try it! It's so so good. Try the butternut lasagna if the deli has it. And the pastries... The pastries. Cheesecakes, mini red velvet cakes, Boston Cream Pies, cupcakes, croissants, bagels... All of the highest quality. You will never have a problem finding something sweet to curb that craving, except that you may have a problem narrowing the field. Note: not every AJ's has a sushi bar, so keep that in mind if you head to a different location with a hankering for fresh sushi. No matter what you're going in for, the friendly, helpful staff will help ensure you get exactly what you need.
1	Extremely over priced!  Many hard to find items can be purchased at regular grocery stores these days. I kept getting sick from eating their soups only to find out that the bad produce that wasn't sold was given to the chef's along with the old meat to make the fresh soups everyday.
5	Wow - very impressed on our first visit to AJ's Fine Foods!When entering the store you are amazed by the smell of food. To our left was a wonderful bakery with some wonderful assortments of cakes, pies, and desserts. As we continued to roam, we went by the deli, soup bar, salad bar, and many other fine foods. The store was clean and very friendly! Prices were higher than average stores, but you pay for what you get as they say!We can not wait to come back and have lunch outside on the patio - serving BBQ!Will definitely be coming back and knowing I will be taken care of.
4	Amazing dessert selection and freshly made sushi! I love the selection of items you can't find anywhere else. However, things like milk and cereal or any other everyday items are way overpriced. I'll still to larger chains for those, but AJ's is my go to for bringing something unique or special to the table. Love it!
4	I was in Gilbert for an interview last Monday, June 4th and after the interview, the other candidates and I decided to visit AJ's Fine Foods.  Wow! This was my first visit and I was quite impressed with the whole place!Very clean, outside and inside.  The ambiance is quite relaxing. Perhaps it's because I love the sound of water (fountain)Then as we walked in, wow!  I became more impressed with the selections of EVERYTHING.  I ended up just buying a chicken green chile tamale, which I absolutely enjoyed.  It was cold but the staff offered to warm it up for me  :)  That was great!I just adored that place a lot.  Next time I'm there I'll be sure to visit again.
4	Bakery is the best! Haven't yet try their grilling station on the outside of the store although the smell is amazing! Store is really clean and friendly staffs is a plus. Price is a little higher than regular grocery store but the quality is so worth your money. Hit up their sale with no rewards card needed for the meat section especially I'm hooked on their Kobe burgers. It's a big and juicy half pound burger that full of flavors. Must try!Did I mention their sushi? Super fresh fish you can taste it. Happy hours price is very reasonable. I don't believe this place has a shopping cart. A handful of things you grab can cost you about $50 easy.
4	love there home fragrances and candles there.nice variety and selection of groceries.
5	awesome watermelon tea!!!
4	Check out their outside grill.   They have great sandwiches; the cook is always friendly and helpful.   Great place for a good grilled sandwich; their ribeye steak sandwich is great.    Cannot miss having a quick lunch at AJ's.    .
4	This is a very chic grocery store. Lots of veggies including rare mushrooms. Nice meat section with lots of selections. Wine collection, a sushi bar, sweet thing bar, and a great flower section.
3	Pizza by the slice places are great for lunch when I am out conducting my life on a schedule.  AJs is usually top notch.  I was a little late for standard lunch.  It was 2:30 in the afternoon and this could be the reason this is a 3 star rating.   It seemed I was getting a great deal for this monstrous slice.  Sausage, Bell Peppers, Red Onion etc......and the pizza wasn't cut symmetrically, so I told the guy exactly which piece I wanted (HUGE).  My mouth started to water as he box it up for me.....Mmmm  I was the 1st to a slice out of this pizza.  Everything was good except the crust.  The crust was not cooked all the way or it was a little soggy from setting a bit too long.  I am not sure which one.  The other ingredients and flavors were all great!  However, the crust is the foundation of pizza.   I expect more from AJs, than a normal store, because I am usually paying more.  AJs crust had expired for me.  This was NOT a gourmet experience.  I reached so high for lunch and landed in a soft doughy mediocrity, that I can only offer 3 measly stars.  At least it is 3 stars though.  I am accepting partial responsibility for this one due to my timing.    Still love the price and pizza, but perhaps I shouldn't eat lunch so late.  There are benefits to the wait during lunch rush, because everything is fresh....
4	I know I can always find fresh, unique food here. I love how clean the store always is and the great selection of specialty items including seafood selection, meats, and vegetables. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is the dessert case just isn't what it used to be. While they still have a good selection, the quality seems to have slipped and the prices have skyrocketed. Love everything else about the store though.
4	I've been coming here 3 times a week, for either coffee, fresh pastry, great selections of soups, and deli.   I love how you can order hot foods by the pound,and I get to sample fresh apple juice, or their fine cheeses    I also get tempted to taste their wines, while I'm on my break.  :) Their customer service is always helpful....I never give a place 5 stars, cause there's always room for some kind of improvement.
4	I love AJ's. The Sushi bar is great
4	Their bakery is one of the best I have ever been too, especially for a market. The atmosphere at the store is wonderful and they have some of the best products and quality. The prices can be a bit higher but you get what you pay for!
4	Liked it sold more upscale stuff but good quality.  Something like Whole foods but a bit more expensive in some items.  And I agree with others the bakery is really nice.
4	This is a high-end market.  You can get sushi-grade tuna, fine cuts of meat, various gourmet prepared foods, etc.  Plus their cafe is better than what you usually find in a grocery.  And they have a sushi bar.  And a really good soup bar.You can find most items you would find in a normal grocery, but higher-end.  Better quality.Pricey, but very good stuff.
5	I am revising my rating to top notch!  Recently a very dear person to me relocated and I wanted a simple but very special card to give to them.  I went to four stores and nothing touched me.  Then with 15 minuted to spare I went to AJ'S.  I found the PERFECT card within 5 minutes.  It was the most expensive card I had ever bought, but  sssooo  worth it when I saw the look on the face of my friend!  Thank you AJ'S for the most perfect memory.I am fairly new to the Gilbert area, having moved out here from Boston a little over a year ago.  found my way around and found AJ's.  I have always been a consumer of finer foods, especially during the Holidays, and this store more than exceeds my expectations.  Especially since they stock my favorite German wine.  Whenever I am preparing for a special dinner,  or occasion it AJ's for me.  I love the quality.  Their cakes cannot be beat.  I am the favorite of the office birthday celebrations.
3	I like AJ's because they always have my White Chocolate Ale. Other than that, I just slum it and go to a regular grocery store for everything else.
3	It's good, lots of specialty stuff. A little too hogtie toytie for me. I prefer Eddy's lesser store Food City, hahaha
5	I love AJ'sI don't just LIKE AJ's... I LOVE AJ's...I come here as often as possible to eat everything that they sell (even the dog food... okay not the dog food).I don't live here which is frustrating because AJ's is really one of the only places I really love in Phoenix... this one in particular I think has the best selection and the most lovely store of the three or four I've been to.Nothing here is ever badEveryone who works here clearly enjoys their chosen workThe selection of foods is incredibleIt is really top notch and fantastic. I am really glad my company gives me a food per diem to spend, because I spend almost every cent of it here when I am in the vicinity!Perfecto!
4	I think I just gained 10 pounds by looking at the Bakery case. I told my five year old to be careful and not get her hand prints all over the glass but I think I was being just as bad. I'm kicking myself now for walking away with nothing, but I couldn't make up my mind. Everything looked so good and they have a great selection of different items.I love this store. Today was probably the busiest I have seen it (lunch time on a Wednesday) but it was easy to get around. The deli could have used some more staff. I was going to get the pizza special but decided against it because we were waiting for too long.They carry some great items and are reasonably priced, but if you are expecting Fry's type deals, you won't find it here. Yes, it's part of a chain (a local one at that), but not a big box, fluorescent lighted, SUPERmarket.The only area I don't like is checkout. One cashier...on a Wednesday at lunch rush. She called for two other people to come help but they didn't show. Instead the Store Director hopped on register to help...always happy to see a manager jump in where needed.
5	I had the best carnitas breakfast burrito that I've ever had in my life at this location.   I've been back to get it several times but they've never had them again.  Do yourself a favor, if you're here in the morning and you see that they have carnitas breakfast burritos, get one! (and then PM me and tell me they're there)
5	Good: The sushi is bomb! Haven't had a time where it wasn't good. And the prices are great! I haven't eaten at any other sushi place since coming here. Never thought that a grocery store would have good sushi, let alone edible sushi. The people here are very friendly, and I always get greeted within seconds of standing anywhere in the store. They carry some exotic meats in their meat department, the bakery always looks delicious, and I've always enjoyed their selection of cigars.Bad: I have had only one bad experience here. I was going to buy a cigar and was asked to show my ID by one of the management when he brought it out of the case -- not a big deal, I look like I'm 15 even though I'm 24. Up until now I've never had to show my ID to anyone but the cashier before. I showed him my ID, which only seemed to upset him for some unknown reason, and then he immediately turned to my girlfriend (who is wearing a hoodie with the hood on) and says, "He needs to show me his ID as well" with a condescending tone. I told him it was my girlfriend and not a "he", and he just sort of shrugged it off without apologizing. After he was done hassling us we were able to check out. The cashier was a bit shocked as to how he could confuse my girlfriend for a dude and we laughed about it. Other: I called to place a complaint about that manager later when I got home and was told that he was always sort of a jerk and not to sweat it lol. The jerk manager hasn't been there in at least a year, so no worries for those of you wishing to buy restricted items, who happen to look 15, and have a girlfriend wearing a hoodie.
4	AJ's is unique amongst Food stores and not for the price sensitive customer. I enjoy buying beverages and floral products at AJ's and appreciate their wide selection of wines, organic juices and energy drinks. Their floral department is well stocked and will allow you to select a pre built bouquet along with several additional flower stems to have them rearrange into something unique and then priced as a new bouquet.  My favorite way to bring flowers home...
5	One of the best stores for great tasting produce.  When I first moved here from CA, I couldn't find any produce that tasted this good until I found Aj's.  That was what kept me coming back.  Then I discovered their wine selection and then the veggie wraps!  Cashiers are polite and the manager is always there to help and is very pleasant.  This has become one of my favorite places to relax (outside with coffee) then go shopping in their interesting store.
4	Came here for lunch today - Everything is a bit pricey but the ambiance and quality are they key points hereHad the Turkey Sandwich lunch combo for $9Lotta Turkey - Good not GreatI do have to say exploring Aj's is a lot more fun then going inside Safeway
5	Superior deli, akin to Eatzi's  in Dallas. Lots of fancy pre made foods, scads of high end dressings, spices and other food adornments. They even have a lavish little boutique area featuring fancy aprons, cook wear and compelling Doo dads.Loves, Salami, cheeses, nuts and crackers its pricy, but it is Snotsdale!
1	This review is primarily for the Wine Cellar and corporate offices. The Cellar-Master is awful, arrogant, and condescending. I've been a long time customer of this and other AJ's throughout the valley, and have spent HUNDREDS, maybe even thousands of dollars on premium liquor at their stores. I've been on the hunt for a particularly hard-to-find liquor, even ensuring that my name was added to the running "list" for distribution (I was told I was #3 at one store, #2 at another). Long story short, I didn't get the bottle I was waiting for...even though both stores received well over 3 bottles each. Each time I visit the store or call in to check on the shipment, I'm treated like a child, and given an eye-roll and sigh for even asking. This is ridiculous. I'm trying to spend over $300 on booze and I get this kind of customer service?? Terrible.I was offered no explaination as to why I was passed over on the lists, instead I was given a "tough luck" and "maybe next year" from the CellarMaster. I wrote a long winded complaint letter to corporate a week ago and still have heard nothing back. I've even left voicemails with the Managers but haven't received any call back. I honestly expected a prompt response with at least an apology, but after a week of no response I can't help but bring my frustrations to the public via Yelp. Please avoid the wine cellar at this AJ's as best you can, and save yourself the frustration of having to deal with an grumpy, self-righteous "cellar master".
4	Having recently moved here from Las Vegas, AJ's is filling the Whole Foods hole in my life. They both serve the same purpose: wallet busting options for natural, organic, local and/or specialty foods.If you've been to an AJ's you know the prices can be outrageous; jars of salsa for $7, pastas for $10+ a box, and don't get me started on the fresh produce. But. They have a lot of items that can't be found elsewhere and if you're a home cook or just trying to fancy up your dinner options, you can likely find anything you'll need to make that happen at AJ's.  They have a fantastic dessert bar/bakery, hot food bar, sushi bar (with chef!) and their cheese selection is pretty great. They also have a fun little olive bar with different kinds of marinated olives and I think artichokes and roasted tomatoes. As someone who frequents the meat counter (there's a joke in there somewhere...), I was happy to find that the employees back there helpful and friendly. They have mostly natural beef, poultry, pork and lamb, but I wish they had more organic and free range options. The staff for the most part is super friendly and helpful and are pretty chatty at checkout which I don't mind because they'll sometimes point out in-store deals that I missed.Even if a Whole Foods did pop up in this area, I'd probably still keep AJ's in my rotation. They house a lot of fun local goodies (like that $7 salsa) that I doubt WF carries. Whether you're making a special meal, looking to get some local or organic produce, or you have some money to burn on unique but unnecessary food stuffs AJ's is your spot.
1	Those cookies I spent $100 on New Year Eve were horrible! Dry, tasteless and just plain horrible. So very disappointed. Giving the bakery one star for serving these horrible cookies.  Everything looks so wonderful and beautiful in the bakery case, but I will get a sample next time I invest that much money into a dessert... I went in just now to order something else and I mentioned to the lady how horrible those cookies were, there were some still in the case, maybe they made a fresh fresh batch with the same writing (2014 on them) but I told her the ones I purchased on New Year's Eve Day were horrible, and she just sneered at me and helped the next customer, whom ironically were buying those same cookies! I told the customer they were horrible. They only bought the two already in the container and got Cannolis instead. The passion ice tea is really good though. But I am too upset over throwing away $100 on stale cookies right now to be positive.
4	I love this place. One the best parts is the lunchtime bareque that they have every weekday. I've had everything from the burger to the steak and all of it was awesome.
1	I cannot stand this store, and let me tell you why:You walk in the store, and everything looks great.  The place is immaculate in terms of cleanliness and it has a large variety of great looking, fresh food.The problem, however, lies with their meat.  They just do not keep track of their meat very well, they don't keep the stock circulated, and they don't pay attention to expiration dates.  Several times I've gone to the store and bought various meats, took them home, fridged them for a night, opened up the wrapping in the morning just to discover that they've gone bad.For instance, last night I went in to buy some beef bologna and some chicken.  After I ordered the bologna from the deli, the deli clerk went to slice some and discovered that she couldn't sell the bologna to me because it was FOUR DAYS out of date.  It's quite obvious that they're not paying attention to their product.Then, I went and bought some chicken thighs, brought them home and put them in the refrigerator.  This afternoon, I unwrapped them and they smelled horrible.  They weren't just bad, they were rancid.  They'd been bad for a while.Now, comparative to a place like Wal-Mart, AJ's Fine Foods is relatively expensive, so I think that it's complete bullshit that they constantly sell me bad product.Needless to say, I will not be coming back, at least not for meat."Superior deli" my ass.
3	This review is only for the bakery. Mmm the sugar cookie samples were good and I will be trying the fruit tart tonight!  The large fruit tart ($30) comes very highly recommended.
3	Well, came in to try out the Reuben sandwich. The name itself sounds pretty good. It came to the point that I was a little disappointed. I wanted my sandwich hot and guess what I got? Warm sandwich. The corned beef and Swiss cheese was already prepped in their fridge. I was expecting fresh cut from the deli machine. The sauerkraut came from a small packet, not fresh. The guy probably only toasted the bread for a minute so it's not toasty. The corned beef was a little salty for my opinion. Definetely not getting that again. On the other side, you get a small side order of anything as long as $7.99 and below. I got the cucumber and tomatoes that was soaked on oil ( not sure what kind of oil) so it was kinda mushy. I didn't really liked it but I ate it coz I was hungry lol. I think the best part was the small dark chocolate that they give you for free. I love dark chocolate so that's a plus. Overall, was ok. That sandwich cost me $9 doesn't come with any drink. Oh well!
4	This place is pretty pricey, but you get what you pay for!  Everything seems to be top quality.  I really like their outside grill and their bakery is tough to beat.  VERY good food!  I just wouldn't really do my grocery shopping here.
1	What a pity, great store but incredibly lousy customer service. We had an issue and the manager was called and was unbelievably rude.I sent a comment and someone by the name of Bill H. defended her attitude as following company policy, a portion of his response below."My manager was not trying to be "quite rude" but only following company policy and doing her job". We also asked for some help in the wine area and wow this person chased us to Total Wine. They do have some helpful employees but unfortunately when you are led by these types of people it filters down. So I'm done with this place and will tell everyone my experience.
4	It's as if Williams-Sonoma and Wegmans gave birth and named their baby AJ's.  We're from the east coast, and I miss my Wegmans dearly.... We've tried Albertsons, Frys, and Safeway, and none came close to Wegmans until I discovered AJ's.It's a smaller grocery store, and they seem to focus on specialty, gourmet, and prepared foods more than anything else.  So I'm not going to go here for toilet paper in bulk or anything, but if I need to get last minute sides for dinner or something, or beer, the beer selection looked insane.... Never have I ever seen pineapple beer until I ventured into this glorious store.  Not sure if I'd actually want to drink pineapple beer for that matter, but if I change my mind I know where I can buy it!And I don't think it's that much more expensive than other grocery stores.  The Shamrock milk cost the same as it did in the regular grocery, they just didn't have generic brands like the cheaper generic milk, and bulk and all that business.  Anyways, bought great humongous desserts from the bakery case, that were worth every bit of the $2.99 that they cost.  Awesome sushi, broccoli salad, and random groceries.
5	Love love love this place!  Great new items, odd finds you cant get anywhere else! And he best awesome sushi bar with the best prices and fantastic sushi chefs! Everyone is so nice and helpful!
1	I shop 100% organic for myself and about 70% for my household. Coming to this store was a MAJOR disappointment. I feel like the people who work/shop here are generally uneducated about clean eating. The one thing I found that I needed was a small bag of organic grapes to appease my 5 year old sister. When I went to check out (that was my only item) and they said $10 my jaw dropped. Then the cashier exclaimed, "Well their organic what do you expect!" You mean to tell me that if I want fruits free of GMOs and chemicals, I should pay 4 times the general asking price? Mid summer? No thanks. Right before that, the (maybe 20 year old) uneducated butcher told me that their free range meat, the one option they had, was "basically organic" because the cow are grass and grass "probably" doesn't have any chemicals. Are you kidding me!? I wouldn't go here if I were a millionaire! Terrible service! Terrible selection. The 2 most important things to my family and I!
3	I usually come here to grab a quick lunch from the salad bar or deli. The deli area sometimes gets crowded and if numbers aren't taken it can get kind of hectic. I love their salads and soups but I do not love the employees working there. Multiple times I have encountered rude employees at the deli counter when ordering something as simple as an iced tea. I'm a friendly polite person so it throws me off when someone gives me attitude for ordering an iced tea with lemon.... That's all....
2	Avocados here are hands down the BEST in Gilbert. Granted, at $3 a piece, they sure better be, but non the less they are always perfection. The cashiers on the other hand, are not as appealing. It's as if they are being held there against their will and taking it out on the customers. They need a customer service seminar to teach them it's okay to be friendly. If the avocados weren't so good, I would never deal with those grumps again.
3	OK, this isn't the first time I've been in an AJ's but it's the first time I've been in THIS one. AJ's has the categories of foodstuffs that you'd find in a Safeway or Sprouts, but think of it as not as much to choose from in each category. The produce is very nicely laid out, and even includes locally-grown items. Meat and seafood is in the back in a fairly elaborate case--seafood, beef, chicken, pork, and various combinations like bacon-wrapped scallops and pecan-encrusted tilapia. There is a nice wine "cellar" and a deli area. There's even a small outdoor seating area for eating.AJ's is nice on one hand because you can find one-of-a-kind items. One the other hand, my experience in here was almost enough to induce a panic attack if you don't like small spaces crowded with people. There also isn't very logical organization of items. So while it's nice for some things, I don't think I'll be shopping here every week.
