1	This location is terrible. They did nothing but screw up multiple cars of mine. Now it's two years later, and the compressor they broke and replaced is broken again. DO NOT GO THERE!
4	I recently went in with a Acura TSX 2004.  I needed an oil change.  Since my car is considered nice, I am always suggested a part I do not need from almost every repair shop I have been to.  This was not the case.  The said my car looked great.  I was even asking them what about this and what about that.  To my surprise he said the car is in perfect shape.  I appreciated the honesty and will continue to go back.
1	Avoid this corrupt company... terrible! I sent my wife in for an oil change and to get the brakes looked at because they were squeeking.They did the oil change and told her that the rotors would have to be ground down or replaced and the rear brakes needed to be cleaned, the bill would be about $400.00I said no, bought $18.00 brake pads from another company, and did the repair myself in about an hourWhen I looked at the rotors, they were LIKE GLASS, in immaculate condition, absolutely did not require any grinding/replacement...  (the vehicle is only a few years old, with low mileage) They completely tried to take advantage of my wife, fabricated a completely false story about the vehicle to try to make a quick buck... they should be shut down... You've been warned!!
1	This place is aweful! I got my brakes done and just 4 months later they were toast. Called to have them fix and they refuse. They took my 400 and now won't honor fixing their crappy job.My advice- avoid this place at all costs.
1	So, this is a long story, but I'll do my best. Brought the girlfriend's Passat in to have the service light checked, a/c checked, and it was making a strange noise. Wheel bearings, ac leak fixed, oil changed and tires rotated. Pickup car, service light still on, and makes a different funny noise. Call up, they have us bring it back, apologizing for the light, and thinking they just need to balance the tires. I thought that was automatically done after a rotation, but hey, I'm no mechanic! Offered a free oil change on her truck as compensation, and since she had brought it in anyway for its own a/c issue, she was happy with that. This ordeal lasted over a week, dealing with multiple employees and manager. The first guy that worked on the Passat apparently quit that day, the next guy had to leave because his wife had a baby, etc. Eduardo told her that all her hoses needed replaced and several other things, before he gave her a diagnosis of the problem we brought it in for in the first place. At this point, we just want to pick it up. So we do, and now the airbag light is blinking. Manager (Seth) refused to speak to us and then we were hung up on. Pretty ridiculous. Not sure if this is because we are women or what, but us being female shouldn't have anything to do with the fact they don't seem capable of fixing a problem without causing a new one. Francisco was the only person there worth talking to. He was great, but sadly there were too many other things wrong.
5	I have only had oil changes done here , but the service is just wonderful and pleasant . The staff is extremely nice and helpful. I will continue bringing my car here for service.
5	This place is amazing,  they are friendly and honest. I will bring all my vehicles here for service.
5	Made an appt for an oil change and had to call a few times to change the time. I spoke with Seth who I'm not sure if he was the manager or owner but he was incredibly nice and helpful. When I went into the store he was there and just as professional and kind in person. I was in an out for the oil change in less than an hour and the store itself was clean and well kept. Will definitely be going back!
