5	I visited this place a couple of times with Phoenix-area friends, the interior is pleasant though almost a bit too slick/trendy for my tastes, they also have a nice outdoor dining area (heated during chillier winter evenings). All the sushi & maki I tried were very good, they really ought to have some combo/sampler platters on their menu to help those who are not sushi-literate or just can't make up their minds. The menu offers other entrees for non-sushi people. For dessert, I recommend strolling over to the gelato place just south of Zen 32.
3	Average to great sushi and I eat a lot of sashimi and sushi.  Do get the sake sampler if you like sake, you'll get a rack of sake that'll feed your senses and get you ready for a raw fish treat.  Presentation is pretty nice, service is very good and the outside patio is a nice place to eat...I've never sat inside, what for, we live in Arizona, its nice out side!  Lots of unusual rolls and the tempura is pretty good too.  Sashimi is very nice, get a combo plate and save a few bucks.
3	Very trendy sushi place situated in central Phoenix.  The set-up of the restaurant is nice, with both indoor and outdoor seating.  I was only there once so far, so I need to try it at least one more time, but I was disappointed with the quality of the food.  It was not bad, but there are far better sushi bars in Phoenix.
2	Hit or miss.  Trendy.  Service can be slow.  I used to come here years ago but haven't been in a while because I had one too many so so dining experiences.  I think there are better places for sushi in the valley.
4	This was one of the few spots that I actually enjoyed in the whole city.  We went here for late night drinks and they were serving up free sushi and fried won ton.  On top of that, the large Sapporo sake bombs only cost $6!!!!!  I haven't had the food outside of the free stuff, but my co-worker tells me that you never eat raw sushi in Phoenix because it can't be fresh in the middle of the desert.
2	This place screams style over substance.  In a sentence - trendy sexy Biltmore crowd fawns over overrated sushi.I really don't get why Zen 32 is always so crowded and busy.  Could it be that people here don't know good sushi?  I find that I keep trying to give this place a chance and will go back simply because it's one of the only bonafide sushi bars in the area - and perhaps everyone else is doing the same as well.  But mediocrity, my friend, will eventually ruin this place.  Service and long waits are to be expected here.  I even think I got sick on the happy hour sushi here a while back.  I'm blaming it on the vodka tonic and not the warmed over salmon roll, but eater beware.  The bar can get crowded too, but they have some fun watercolor boards at the bar to play around with.  Back in the restaurant, the sushi is kind of lackluster.  The sashimi and rolls I've had here were so-so.  I just haven't found this place to measure up.
5	Great place... One of the top sushi places in Phoenix... the best part about Zen is the fact that they serve food every night until midnight... so if you work late during the week or you just want a late night dinner it is perfect.They have some very unique rolls that have interesting flavors... I also recommend the yellowtail citrus appetizer... it is excellent... If you go there the head sushi chef is Harold and always has something special if you ask... Last time i had some super tuna spicy something that was out of this world.  ENJOY!!!
4	Very, very fun place.  Wish we had one of these on the East coast, but its sheer size definitely identifies it as a Scottsdale restaurant.  The place is huge, definitely crowded and definitely has a scene.  The food was all so good.  Great Sushi, and we also had a great Chilean Sea Bass entree, that was just like butter.  Delicious.  Very fun spot for Scottsdale.
3	Not one of my favorite sushi spots in Phoenix, but not bad.It's a trendy spot so getting a table may take a little while. The sushi is above average, but the price tag has the built-in trendiness fee that will sting you when the bill comes. Service is on and off but it seems like that could just be a product of the total lack of organization that is a result of the layout. There is some free seating and people seem to haphazardly move tables around unchecked outside. Point is, the service isn't the most reliable. All in all, not bad, just not great.
5	I admit, it's trendy. It's popular. It's closer to Americanized sushi than traditional. But it's damn fantastic. If you need to please a group of picky sushi-lovers, go here. Try the Caterpillar, Tootsie and Spicy Tuna roll. They sound ordinary, but they taste spectacular here. Try a glass (or bottle) of Row Eleven Pinot Noir. Incredible. If you can, sit at the sushi bar and chit-chat with Harold. He's entertaining and he'll take good care of you. Order the sashimi - yellow tail and eel especially. I like the mood of this place, their ambiance and decor. I also dig that they have reverse happy hours for those who crave sushi at late night hours. This is a must-try for fans of sushi. Forget Ra. Forget Stingray. Come here. It's more laid back and, more importantly, better sushi. I have been in search of a favorite sushi place for a year now, since I moved here. Zen 32 is the closest I've found to pleasing my own sushi freak.
3	One of the better sushi restaurants in Phoenix.  I have had good experiences dining there, except one time they over-charged me.
5	Have never eaten there, but went for cocktails after a show. The atmophere is very nice, slightly upscale, but not too upscale, and the drinks were reasonably priced. Would go again for sure!
3	I've been to Zen 32 several times. It's not great, but it's consistently "pretty decent."  I reserve 4 stars for really good food, and 5 stars for absolutely top notch food. Zen 32 doesn't have the goods to be that high. I don't throw my stars loosely unlike others who have reviewed Zen 32. Perhaps people give Zen 32 4 or 5 stars because they haven't been to LA, NYC, San Francisco, Chicago, or Miami. I can name about 20 restaurants that have better sushi than Zen 32. Perhaps some people compare Zen 32 to Todai or all you can eat sushi. If you do that, I can see how you can give it 5 stars. Those are the only logical reasons I can possibly assume why people gave this place 4 or 5 stars. Most of the people giving Zen 32 4 or 5 stars haven't experienced good sushi. Then again, we're in the desert, and good sushi is hard to come by. So, just quick advice for all you reviewers, some of you people need to venture out before annointing Zen as great sushi.
4	Really good sushi and pretty good variety of other entree choices. It's our favorite sushi place in Phoenix, in spite of loud environment and impersonal (but efficient) service.
2	The Blue Burrito of Sushi..Bad sushi in a totally average environment..If you can't go to Sakana or Hiro Sushi certainly try this..
4	If this place wasn't so darn convenient I might never come back. Despite being pissed off EVERY time I come here, I continue to come back again and again. In Zen 32's defense, they do have:+ A great location+ Very fresh fish+ Low carb rolls+ Possibly the best tuna in town+ Creative and tasty specialty rolls+ Good sushi selection+ Neat little complimentary sunomo type appetizer+  A really good drink menu (yummy plum wine!)+ A great happy hour+ Great atmosphereUnfortunately these great plusses are often overshadowed by these annoying minuses:- Long wait for a table, even when several tables are empty- Rude/clueless hostesses- Rude/clueless manager- Crazy overzealous water misters that soak your table (outdoors)- Most uncomfortable outdoor seating. Ever- About 2 really good waitresses, and about 10 clueless waitresses - Wait staff has no idea what is in the specialty rolls- Long wait for food- Confusing happy hour rules- Tables really close together- Disappointing desserts- Disappointing appetizersSo basically you have to do the math and see if the +'s outweigh the -'s. I think they do, so you will probably see me there this week.
1	Trendy spot?  Maybe, if it was 1982.  This place is in need of a serious update, but it looks like most of the customers need one too.  How does it survive in this competitive town?  I expect it to be shut down when I come back to town.  Good spot for something new.
1	Zen 32 is terrible. In every aspect. The sushi is fishy, it's too crowded, and the servers are rude/clueless/slow. 'nuff said.
4	I suppose I never reviewed this place because there were already so many reviews. I'll start by saying that this place hovers between 3 and 4 stars for me. The food is good for the most part... I did have a bad this or that once or twice. Otherwise though, good fresh ingredients. If you walk by a fish restaurant and it smells like fish, run away or you'll be doubled over the toilet that night or the following morning. The stronger the smell, the sicker you'll be. Zen hasn't ever smelled fishy when I've been there. A definite plus for me.While they use good ingredients, I find they don't roll their sushi very tightly and it tends to fall apart on me. This probably depends on the chef that day/night. And speaking of that - this place depends entirely on when you go and what you're in to... At night and especially on weekends, this place is buzzing and it's difficult to get seated or move around. It's a popular spot. During the day, especially during the week, it's pretty chill and a solid choice for a good quiet lunch. People come here at night for the bar atmosphere behind the partition... it often bleeds into the main dining room - and this place isn't that large. This sort of thing can ruin a quiet evening. Good suishi places tend to have a busy bar though, so you probably have come to expect such things.I have to note that the bathroom is great - classy and clean. The whole place is clean and well decked out. The biggest complaint with this place really should be the space - it's very cramped. Even when it's empty, it feels small... not really a problem though unless it's full of people - at this point you'll feel right at home with the sushi as you'll be a little packed sardine.The last time I ate here was a few days ago and I noticed the little specials card in that plastic stand that sits at every table smelled like a construction worker's arm pit. Don't ask me how I know what a construction worker's arm pit smells like or why I smelled the card - just know that it was totally rank. I had the waitress smell it and she agreed and promptly took it away for disposal.My advice is to go here when it's not so busy and have your night out somewhere else.
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. I guess I took it for granted as it was my first non-RA sushi experience in Arizona.  I love Zen 32, for a lot of reasons, but have a few minor complaints. I think this place is tad bit overpriced, and they do have OK to mediocre service. Overall it's not the best Sushi experience of my life, but it has great specialty rolls, miso soup, and amazing hot green tea. I guess sushi becomes so similar as I try different places around the area, overall Zen 32 has held up as a solid 4 star experience. I would say. you won't be disappointed here, and you will walk away feeling securely sushified.
4	This was my first sushi experience..Yeah, I know, thats pretty lame. Anyways, back to Zen 32.  I did like the place, the waitress was nice and service was fast, once we got seated ( that took a while, and we sat outside, cause it would have been midnight if we would of wanted seating inside). I enjoyed the sushi we all ordered.  Most of it , I hear, was the basic, not exotic type of sushi.   We all shared, california rolls, shrimp tempura, philly rolls, spicy tuna, and some weird sweet like tootsie roll. I thought all of it was good, and so did the rest of the people that I was there with.  I did not try the dessert, but, someone at our table did order a chocolate type of dessert, it looked pretty, but definitely NOT worth it.  It was more like a giant brownie, I don't know about you but, I'm not paying $10 for a brownie. Just walk on over to the Gelato Spot afterwards instead. Oh, yeah, PARKING SUCKS!!! Try Safeway, down the way from it, it might be your best bet.
4	Nice place for happy hour...Good drinks, good food, always busy too.The location is excellent, the crowd is beautiful, and the sushi is perfect.
2	Great atmosphere...kinda of a chic.  Sushi was ok for Phoenix standard.  Sushi was not as fresh as other places...some of it was too fishy which is a bad sign that it's not fresh.   I'd order more of the cooked or veggie items to avoid a bad stomach ache.  There are other places that serve better sushi.  Only come here for the atmosphere.
4	I like the atmosphere here.  I have a different experience each time I eat here.  Not always the best service.  Also sometimes items I get that are not spicy, are spicy.... and I don't dig spicy.My boyfriend did eat a piece of squid for me!!!  That is my best memory of Zen 32.  I'm not sure he actually chewed or tasted it, but he did put it in his mouth!
3	Darn. I thought I'd be the first to review Zen 32! Hmmm. Apparently the 32 stands for 32nd Street. Zen on 32nd Street. Oh. How terribly clever. I just assumed, after a few visits there, the 32 stood for the number of minutes you wait before your server arrives. I get the style over substance restaurants. Sometimes it's about the scene and not the grub. And sometimes that's what I'm up for. And that's what Zen 32 is to me. Average sushi quality. Not as horrific as some have yelped. Words like. Crap. Horrific. Vomit. Really? Not very Zen of them, eh? I won't go out of my way to think of Zen, but if someone invites me, I'm inclined to say yes. They're open pretty late. By then, I'm ready for some drinks and maybe a bite or two of the fishy. Mostly, it's a place to people watch, visit and take bets on when you'll ever see your server again.
2	GROSS! It was like every roll that we ordered was drenched in a teriyaki sauce. The sushi was craptastic and the price sure as hell didn't reflect it. The service was okay, I was surprised at how fast they got the sushi out to us..
5	my favorite sushi place in phoenix. creative and fun. the lines can be a little much.
2	Went here on a recommendation from a friend. If this is the best sushi Phoenix has to offer, then I'll never, ever eat sushi there again. It was a while ago when I ate there, but I made a note that the seaweed salad was terribly dry, the fish on the sushi was tough and rubbery, and the rolls were just lame. My coworker ordered teriyaki chicken, and the sauce was too sweet, and the overall dish pretty blegh. To make it worse, service was ridiculously lackluster. We were seated outside with a beautiful view of the cars passing on 32nd St, and actually had to go inside to find our server after being ignored for 20 minutes to get our check. Aaaanyway, will have to find a better place next time I'm back in town.
2	Solid 2 stars. Ok, I'm used to sushi in Chicago and this is obviously the desert and not really "known" for having great sushi. The appetizer of seared tuna was good and I liked 2 of the rolls. I did not care for the Las Vegas roll at all, which was surprising. My boyfriend liked this place less than me and would probably give one star, but he's harder to please. I thought it was too expensive for not being fresh enough. We did however have one of the nicest waitresses ever; I believe her name was Stephanie. So the 2 stars are for appetizer and Stephanie.
3	In the mood for something light and fresh, we thought sushi.  Zen 32 was the closest one nearby and open after 8 p.m. on a Sunday, and en route to Blockbuster on the way back.  This was the first time both of us had been here.  They have a misted patio available to sit facing 32nd St., the sushi bar, or one of the dining tables.  In the back there is Zen Lounge for those who want to sit at the bar and eat with the T.V. going.We were sat immediately at a booth/table and brought out waters by a busser.  While looking at the menu and drink list I noticed how dimly lit the place was and the music was some low playing repetitive Japanese flute music (better then house-trance I guess). One of the oriental dressed waitresses approached our table and gave us each a small cold cucumber salad and took our drink order.  A few minutes later she approached to see if we had questions or wanted to order a main dish.  We told her just sushi tonight and she leans in and picks up the menu we filled out and says, "well let me take a look at this to see if you've ordered correctly."  What?  My boyfriend and I just look at each other with an expression of 'there's a wrong way to order here?'  The order is repeated back to us and our apps. arrive soon after.  Good miso $4 and edemame $4, and we ordered spicy tuna roll $7, California roll $7, and shrimp roll $7.  Food was good but nothing mind blowing for their prices.  Service was good and our waitress made sure to check on us and refill drinks.  For what it was worth and the mission of the evening it did its trick.  I would try it again, maybe out on the patio this time if I were in the area.
1	Zen 32 was my sushi standout in Phoenix, AZ until today. After moving to NYC, I went back home and visited my old hang outs. Some things have changed. Though Kona Grill at the Fashion Square in Scottsdale was always my fav, I considered Zen 32 to be the best sushi place in Phoenix -- great dim ambiance, a big outdoor patio with misters for Happy hour, and cute canoes on the ceilings. However, today there were not one, but two flies in my Saki-Rita drink. The waitress apologized, but left the charge on the bill, plus the charge for the replacement drink. After much aggravation, the manager removed the charge. The floating flies were not the worst part. I was left wondering what eles is floating around the kitchen. There was also a 1/2 inch piece of who knows what in my spicy tuna roll -- maybe it was a scale? A piece of plastic? Hard to tell. Conclusion, go to Zen 32 for the ambiance. Not the food or drinks. Perhaps bring friends you dislike and watch them eat?
3	The sushi is really, really good, 4.0 stars. The service not great, 2.0 stars. It is worth a try though, you never know, you might end up with some accidental hire that is actually nice, and can refill your drinks in a timely manner.This place is a hip Camelback quarter place. Not too trendy like the here today gone tomorrow Scottsdale variety. The place has been there for a long time and serves consistently good sushi. Worth a try if you are in the area, or are looking for a nicer place to dine.
3	I have been to Zen 32 so many times I can't count them all.  When I first started eating sushi (my second experience was here) I came to Zen 32 with some friends.  I was still afraid of sushi so I got the teryaki chicken which I must say was quite good.  I ate a bit of sushi on that first visit and I began to get hooked.  If I had reviewed Zen 32 after my first visit or two I would have given in a 5.  I like the atmosphere and there is something about the outfits the waitresses are forced to wear that still appeals to me.  The service has always been good and I enjoy that they have seating both indoors and outdoors.Now for the food.  First, I know this will seem odd, but the water is too lemony for my taste.  It kills me.  I really only drink water, and I like it to be nice and bland and Zen 32 just doesn't do it for me.  As for the sushi, I find that it is a bit hit or miss.  I don't know if I have ever had a better Tootsie Roll.  It is like dessert.  I have tried many others, but I will always go back to Zen 32 for the Tootsie Roll.  Their other rolls are fine, but I am not in love.  Now that I have branched out in the sushi realm, I have found that I can find better.    So, in the end, will I go back to Zen 32 again.  Yes.  Is it my first choice? Not quite.
4	Zen 32 is by far one of the most recognized sushi bars in town, it is right in the heart of the Biltmore and not to far from Old Town Scottsdale, a straight shot down Camelback road. I recently visited this place the other night with a friend for some late night soup and fresh vegetables. The food is always good here, and well prepared the service is excellent always and the manager almost always come to visit your table to check up on you, the food is good and reasonably priced...but something is missing from this place for me to give it 5 stars...there happy hour is OK...but I feel it is about time the Owner Lenny maybe did a bit of remodeling to give it the WOW again. Otherwise one of the better sushi bars to go to in the valley!!!
3	I'm probably not the best judge here.  I really enjoy the bar.  It's small and easy to talk with people.  The food is average...but I like the place overall.
2	When I first came here I thought the food was really good. Then it got worse everytime I came there.The rolls kept coming out soggy and cold and these were the tempura ones. When I asked them why the fried roll was ice cold, he said " it must have come out of the fridge last" WTFWhy would it be in the fridge? I kept asking him and he looked at me like I was an alien. It was the opposite of fresh. You dont fry stuff then put it in a fridge, needless to say my girlfriend and I were lucky we have two bathrooms at our house.
4	First off, thanks to Jerad, back from sabbatical, for his animated service last night. Lesson learned? Don't ask questions, unless you really want to hear the answer. But, his enthusiasm was infectious and cute. Even better, he was a great server in the way he was friendly, attentive, respectful and charming. Nicely done. He had us laughing most of the evening, which was a welcome relief from the woes of Monday.My friend and I hit this place up for their happy hour. I hadn't been in a while, so it was a no-brainer. Zen 32 is a sure-bet to me. I'm always going to find something on the menu I like, and I'm usually going to walk away very satisfied. It's not the most amazing sushi i've had, but it's predictable in the sense that it'll hit the spot every single time, no matter what I choose to try.I ordered the salmon sashimi, veggie roll and yellow tail w/ scallion roll. They were very, very good. The yellowtail w/ scallion is a new fave. For sure. To wash it down, I had their Belgian White Ale. Tasty. I gotta say, their happy hour prices are incredible. $3 per roll or sashimi order; $2 edamama; $1 off draft beer. I'm pleased to say I can come here and stuff my face without emptying my bank account. Plus, the HH menu is pretty diverse, too. From spicy to simple, you got options. So, Zen 32, you're still a top favorite of mine. Anytime anyone suggests coming here, the answer is simple: yes! Their service, selection and sushi are tried-and-true. And that's all that matters to me. Mmmm.
2	Happy hour prices seemed decent, but the selections I tried (spicy tuna roll and salmon roll) were lackluster in taste and quality.  I do have to recommend the soft-shelled crab appetizer... oh my!  While the prices beg for another try, it's going to be awhile till I visit again- so many restaurants to try first!  If you want great sushi, try Sakana on Elliot and I-10, or Old Town Scottsdale's Kyoto.  I definitely am not a fan of Ra.
4	I've been to Zen 32 more times than I can count... and for the most part, I've been extremely satisfied with each visit.  I was there for happy hour last night which is what is sparking this review, and it was perfect... we sat outside, enjoyed a couple of beers, and some very reasonably priced sushi.  At $3 a roll, you really cannot complain!I will agree with some of the pluses and minuses that Jenn H wrote about previously, such as:+ A great location+ Very fresh fish+ Low carb rolls+ Good sushi selection+ Neat little complimentary sunomono type appetizer (although we didn't receive ours last night... what's up with that?)+  A really good drink menu+ A great happy hour+ Great atmosphere- Long wait for a table, even when several tables are empty (this has been the case for me on several occasions but luckily, not last night)Wait staff is hit or miss - (luckily our server last night was fine although he didn't have much personality)- Tables really close together (both inside and out)In my case, the positives really outweigh the negatives.  In addition to above, they have a divine bamboo basket of steamed veggies - it includes broccoli, asparagus, sweet potato, carrot, and more. It's served with a light sweet sauce on the side and is the best if you feel like fresh yummy veggies, if you're on a diet, or just want some color to add to the mix of sushi!  Lastly, I left my long sleeve shirt there last night by accident, and luckily the hostess found it no problem when I called.  She was sweet as can be and is holding it for me to pick up today - it sounds like a no brainer, but I'm sure there are plenty of establishments that could F something so simple as that up!I'll be back today to pick up my shirt, but for sure in the future too!
2	Jewish girls in Chinese dresses serving Japanese food. If that isn't a recipe for confusion, I don't know what is.Too bad, really. Because when they first opened up, they had a real Japanese chef who had a respectable career and was trying to make actual Japanese cuisine. He naturally didn't last long in this 1980s pseudo-asian theme park environment. Remember when the owner used to intermittently drop the screens down and fire up the THX system and play movie trailers from last year? The chefs couldn't even see their hands. Now that's setting your priorities!Happy hour and late night patio is this place's saving grace (for others, not for me). But it's so far from Japanese food/sushi as to make them guilty of false advertising. See my Stingray review for a similar take on the food experience. If you FAIL rice, you FAIL sushi.
4	Aaaahh The Zen! I found out about this place just passing by one day. I saw the title and performed a small Oscar worthy soliloquy will driving, about how great it would be to try a new sushi joint. Imagine seeing this from that from next car over. WOW! LOLZen 32 gets an 8 on my ambiance-o-meter. Well thought out design with decent lighting (inside & outside). My favorite spot in the place is the bar...Can you blame me? I'm a huge Japanese anime fan so it's nice to see a few anime action flicks going on the plasmas while drinking a cold Kirin w/ warm sake. I typically order dinner when I'm there...So make sure to try the grilled salmon, or the black and white ravioli. Simply can't go wrong! The sushi is decent as well, although I still think they can do better. For lunch I'll end up just grabbing a Bento box. Lets just say I had some very jealous colleagues upon my return. It comes with miso, salad, fruit, and about 4 different types of rolls. Very healthy eat as well if you're watching the calories. Happy hour prices are reasonable so check'em out when you have time and enjoy the atmosphere.
2	I've come here various times, with the service varying also.  I don't like the females work outfits of 'japanese' dresses either.the late-nite sushi is the 1 thing this place has goin for them next to the trendiness.never had any of the kitchen food, but the sushi has gotten progressively worse.  i had some toro one day that smelled and tasted really fishy and oily.... meaning it was old.  if you're cheap, u can sit in the bar, have drinx, and free rolls.  haven't been back since the toro incident.  i think sushi chefs should have a standard of what they serve, so i don't trust the judgment here.  if you like paying for atmosphere, go here.  u won't b paying 4 what the sushi is worth.
1	UGH. I ate here for my last night after spending my whole summer in Phoenix/Scottsdale and it was perhaps the worst decision (and my least favorite place I ate at over the entire summer)! I was thoroughly bummed with my dining experience after hearing constantly how Zen 32 was supposedly "the hip" place. I was completely unimpressed with the hostesses and the service (which was slow, rude, and totally unhelpful), the food was disappointing (not fresh, not tasty, not innovative), and the ambiance was definitely not what it was built up to be. We ordered a variety of entrees and sushi rolls, both of which were completely inauthentic Japanese and nothing special in terms of preparation or ingredients. I would have rather eaten at PF Changs or Roys, where I would be spared the pretentiousness. Also, the place is crowded. Not in a good, social lounge scene way. In a nasty, don't have enough room to eat/breathe way. For some reason word of mouth has gotten out that Zen 32 is THE sushi place, but spare yourself the tasteless reality. Seriously, it's not that chic. Unless you're really dying for sushi at midnight, you're better off next door at Delux.
4	Zen32 is my favorite place to get Sushi. I have been here at least a dozen times over the years and have never had an unfavorable experience. I am not the best sushi critic being that I am vegetarian, but I think they have pretty good veggie rolls and edamame :) I mostly enjoy the atmosphere and the drinks here. It's a great location, there are chicks running around in little kimono's (I think that is what they are called...), you can sit on the patio and overall the place makes me feel cool and that is really all that matters to me in life.oooo I forgot about that little cucumber salad too...yumm!
4	Love the veggie rolls ! Also, the saki bombs are quite bomb =)
1	Went to Zen for lunch today with a friend....waited at the hostess station for a server to seat us....no one came....finally the chef said we could sit anywhere...we sat down...waited ten minutes for a server to come to our table to just even bring us water and menus...never happened...we got up and left without ever seeing anyone. They only had about 10 customers on the patio and NO ONE inside but us....this was sad....we saw servers walking in and out and a few even made eye contact with us, but none approached us. Very sad....plus the place smelled like bad fish....this place has gone way down hill...sad! Worse service ever!!!!!
3	i dont' really eat sushi. but i went here once with some friends from school..and it was OK. i got none sushi foods, so it was basicly just average teryaki fare..nothing super special. with such mixed reviews on here..i'm not surprised my experiance was nothing super special.
4	On our way to Julian, CA from San Diego, CA we accidentally missed our turn off and ended up in Phoenix, AZ? After exploring downtown Phoenix (which was eerily quiet,) we finally stopped for gas and restaurant suggestions, which led us to the mall where a nice lady at Macy's pointed us towards ZEN 32. Being the sushi snob that I am, I'm usually wary of trying new places, but the bf insisted so off we went. I must say I was gleefully surprised! The sushi was fresh and they had a short but inventive specialty roll list. My favorite was the Show Gun, today's special which was a Crunchy roll with spicey tuna on the inside wrapped in soy paper. The waitress was attentive, keeping the dishes clear and my drink full as well as giving some very yummy suggestions! My only complaint is that the menu tells you what is included with a roll but doesnt specify whether its on the inside or the outside of it. The atmosphere and decor was dark and secretive, with cool little details like peek-a-boo windows and Sea Anemone covered lights. They had a full bar and outdoor seating. I would definitely suggest this to any of my friends visiting Phoenix!
4	After being warned that this was less than adequate sushi, I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the fish and types of rolls available. Presentation was great as well. I would definitely return for a meal here.
5	I found this place by chance, about a year ago.. It was a Sunday evening around 10pm,  ME being the Foodie that I am, was craving Sushi at the wrong time of night (or so I though).  I browsed around online not thinking I was going to find anything Open (Let alone, a Sushi Restaurant) and WHA-LA.. There she was.. "ZEN 32" Open til 2am everyday, Serves Sushi Till Midnight. How Can you beat that?!? My boyfriend and I zoomed over, and were amazed  to find how good  the food was, not too mention the atmosphere.  Their menu is simple and delicious.  Did I mention, their open late. This is defiantly one of the best  Sushi Restaurant I've found here in Phoenix.   Needless to say, I am a frequent customer of Zen 32! I highly recommend it, for all those late night eaters.. Or Sushi Buffs! ENJOY..
3	This place is more about the scene than the sushi.  I just don't think that the sushi is anything to write home about.
4	The other night was the first time that I had been to Zen 32. We had a big group had to go with outside tables as there was not enough room inside. But...they had a bunch of heaters outside so it was pretty comfortable. The staff was amazing. They were all very, very friendly and did everything they could to make our dinner a perfect. The food was very good. They start with a little cucumber and onion salad with vinegar and sugar. Quite tasty. Happy hour till 6:30, with some nice selections. My sisters and daughter don't do sashimi so I didn't have any tonight, but it got high marks from other diners. We the special shrimp roll, which was a standout along with a tootsie roll and a couple of others. The happy hour prices are very good though the rolls on the happy hour menu are pretty basic. Would definitely go there again.
4	Ya knowOne time this place made my tummy feel yuckieEver since then, I've had nothing but successes at this place.I especially enjoy their tataki dishes.  I like the quality of their salmon.  I enjoy their martinis.  I like their happy hour.  I like that they'll feed me until late at night.So yeah, after a few years, I like you Zen 32.
4	OK. So had a friend come back from a trip in Miami, which sucked for them, because they got mugged, anyways it was late, they were upset and hungry and I did not feel that drive thru was appropriate.So I suggested sushi she suggested Zen...so I am at Zen...it was amazing it was like a totally different restaurant in the same dumpy location...my service was excellent. Thank you to Rich and Amethyst our two servers, did an excellent job, were very good and extremely friendly. The food was again just kind of so so, but the service gave it that extra boost.
1	Ok, I am not one that knows her sushi well, but when I order a roll that said that is comes with crab, cream cheese, cucumber, and avocado, why am I getting a roll with just whitefish?I have been here twice and each time I have had the worst service!  This time around was the most interesting.  Twice, bussers came to our table and just tried to take our chairs.  Did they ask? NO.  Did they notice that my friend's purse was on one of them?  NO.  Did they ever come back when we said that we actually needed one more chair? NO.  Also, when it was time to pay the bill...all of us (6 people total) decided to make the server's job easier by writing on the back of the check on how much each of us was going to pay.  My one friend wrote $40 and I wrote $15 (I didn't eat much and I didn't get anything to drink)  This was with tip included.  Server comes back and charges my friend $15 and me $21.98.  (HUH!)  Then she told us that she couldn't add the tip with it.  Couldn't she have told us that first?  Especially when a sharp person could see that we were giving her way more than what the bill stated.The food both times I was there was bleh.  Even the temperature of the food wasn't right.  I kept on thinking to myself this is how one gets food poisoned.  (I did not)  They turned off the heaters outside when there were still a bunch of people enjoying happy hour.  (It wasn't very warm out there!)  Next time...we are going to meet somewhere in Tempe for sushi happy hour.
3	Yeah... the sushi is nothing to write home about.   NOTHING compared to my favorite place (see my profile if interested.), especially the service.This place is about seeing and being seen.  Wear your best because they will be looking at you.I know I won't be back for the sushi.
4	HAPPY HOUR is why this place exists in my mind or on any list with four stars.FREE FOOD paired with spendy but stiff martinis isn't a bad thing.Great ambiance.Sultry and softly lit. Modern.This is a good place for happy hour with a date or friends.
1	Let me preface this review with the fact that I'm Chinese and I know my rice.So after a meeting next door @ Hava Jave (review for that place to follow) a friend and I wandered over to Zen32 for a 10pm snack.Boy was that a mistake.  I normally eat up at Celsius in Desert Ridge so I thought I'd get the same food down here to compare.  A couple of the rolls we ordered:Viva Vegas RollCaterpillar RollThe service was just fine but honestly, even if I had Angelina Jolie serving the food naked, the food would still be crap and the rating would still be an UNO star.The rice seemed like it was day-old rice.  It was clumpy and honestly, I don't know how a sushi chef  takes CLUMPY rice and puts it into a roll...  so anyway, due to the clumpiness of the rice, the Vegas roll was loosly rolled so it fell apart when I tried to pick it up.The Caterpillar roll tasted super bland which is VERY hard to do because it includes so many different ingredients like eel, faux crab, avocado, cucumber, and eel sauce.  Not only did it taste bland, it was also poorly rolled.  Again, the service was nice but you might want to bring your own sushi if you're going to eat here...
4	This place has had its ups and downs and now in true conformity to the name of city it's in, it has risen from the ashes.When it first opened this place was awesome:Hentai playing in the bar area and good spicy tuna rolls which were my favorite at the time.Over time the restaurant went downhill, the quality of the fish was lowered and overall it seemed too overpriced for what you got. The yellowtail tataki was probably the only thing that kept being good through its down phase. Hentai on the projector was replaced with weird video effects that go with the music.Now the place has increased the quality of fish, they have fresh chopped wasabi available on request and a great selection of cold Sake. Hentai isn't back but Anime replaced the video effects. I'm happy to go to Zen 32 again.
5	I am so surprised that this place has such mediocre reviews!  Maybe I had a fluke experience or something, but everything about it was phenomenal!I must admit we didn't have sushi, we had edamame, lettuce cups, a teriyaki chicken dish, and the horseradish mashed potatoes.Oh my gosh, it was all lick-you-plate-clean delicious!  I mean the sauce that came with the lettuce cups was really incredible - a TON of flavor! The horseradish had the perfect "hint" or horseradish so they weren't overpowering and the teriyaki chicken was far from average! We had drinks and for 2 the total was $50 bucks or so, and we had a great, attentive, funny server.  I have nothing to fault the place with.  I'll keep going, and hopefully my standards stay about the same!
2	My simplest review yet:- Garbage sushi- Awkward, out-of-place music- Below-average server- Overpriced- No plans to go there again
3	3.5 stars. I've been here a few times, but last night I was slightly impressed as the food seemed a bit better than I had remembered from previous experiences. The servers/hostesses in the Chinese dresses (yes, they are in the Chinese style, not Japanese - why, at a sushi restaurant?) are way tacky and gimmicky. It's not "authentic", it looks like a costume party.The sushi we had was pretty good. I don't really have any complaints. Everything seemed fresh and well-prepared. The spicy tuna roll in particular was very tasty and perfectly spicy. As far as the service went, it was accommodating and prompt, our server was great. The only thing I would gripe about is the prices. They're not out of control, but they seem a bit pretentious for the overall quality of food. Zen 32 (to me) is a casual restaurant at heart. Beneath the neon color-changing pillars and pan-flute "Cherry Blossom Serenity" soundtrack, I think it is longing relax a little bit. The atmosphere is great, but can the costumey dresses, adjust the prices a bit, and stop trying to be Vegas' hippest new sushi bar, and Zen 32 could earn that 5th star.
2	this place is lots of hype with no actual show.i'm a big fan of the sushi happy hour, and if you are too, don't go here. their happy hour menu consists of like 5 rolls. which are you average run-of-the-mill sushi rolls, nothing special (spicy tuna, caterpillar, blah poo roll). they were extremely cheap though, something like 3 dollars for 8 pieces. and when they arrived at the table, i could see why. they're seriously no bigger than quarters. pathetic sushi, really. the drink specials were nothing to gawk about either, $1 off certain drinks. they have a very limited beer selection as well. i'd rather have walked next door to delux and gotten some good draft hefe, but i craved sushi.zen32 disappoints.
3	This is kind of a funny sushi place. Not too sure the owner knows the difference between chinese and japanese decor/outfits but the food is decent. Good environment. A little small (if I remember right) inside but the outside dining is ok (if it's not a billion degrees outside in AZ). The sushi is about as good as most places here in AZ, maybe a little better than the average but not stellar off the chart good. Seems I have a lot of meetings at this place, so I guess I'd say it's pretty good for meetings. Not sure on the regular dining out experience though, sorry.
4	Yumm.. this place is delicious! Great Happy Hour prices as well!!  A friend and I went here last night and there were a lot of available tables, which was aweome considering it was during rush hour.. The menu was chuck full vegetarian options too which was nice. The server we had was wonderful, (Amethyst) and was very accommodating! She was super nice and was very prompt with our entire order. Thank you!I would have given 5 stars, however there were about 10 flies scrounging around our food ( we sat on the patio) and we kept having to swat them away. This doesn't enlighten my experience a whole lot.  I would say all in all, I am pretty sure I will be back for more (but maybe sitting inside next time).
4	The Zen is where I get my sushi fix!. They have a decent sushi menu, but I particularly like the low-carb rolls, without rice. The salmon and tuna low-carb rolls are my favorites. The atmosphere is nice. They have a great bar and patio. They also have a reverse happy hour from 10-midnight. Zen is also open later than many other places in the Valley on weeknights. Dine in or take out.
3	Happy Hour prices are legit.Good location, outside seating, and decent service.Only problem was my girlfriend ordered a sushi roll to go off the happy hour menu and got something off the regular menu (Shrimp Tempura) and had to eat the bill. Waitress didn't do anything.Another time had to split bill with friend who came along and waiter mixed up bills so had to figure it out by giving him extra cash.
4	I would give them 5 stars.But I'm still not convinced of their consistency....I've been to Zen32 probably 6 times in the past 6 months, and everytime... EVERYTIME it was awesome!Amazing!!!!Great happy hour pricesChopped wasabiFresh fishThose mousse chocolate dessert triangles are amazingI love you Zen32I really doAnd I hope you stay awesome, and in another six months I'll move up to 5 stars.
3	I've oonly been here once and I really like the happy hour prices and their red headed bartender, she was really nice.  I think the food was good as far as sushi goes.  And the service was good, but nothing exceptional.  I really liked the sake and the atmosphere and the wait staffs outfits.  I would give it 4 stars, but I think the prices are just to high.  I just think they should crank it up a notch with the service if they're gonna be so pricey.
3	Thank you, Gabi K, for feeding my seared ahi tuna craving!Zen Sushi offers a lot of perks that one could enjoy: Trendy yet relaxed atmosphere, outdoor seating with misters, happy hour--and reverse happy hour, friendly hostess, servers and management, and plentiful portions. The only thing lacking for me was escolar on the menu.Our server also forgot my order of miso soup, which was on the ticket but later removed, and accidentally switched out a roll for a hand roll, but that too was fixed. A few hiccups in the meal, but nothing to complain about. Why would we anyway? We're eating sushi, and sushi makes miso happy.  Tuna fans will enjoy the tuna tataki (a bit heavy on the sauce though), spicy scallop roll, and steamed veggies. And the seaweed salad is enough to feed two peeps. A filling meal for not much dough.
4	Prior to coming here last night I've only been here for happy hour after hiking Camelback so last night was first time actually eating here for dinner.  The happy hour food isn't that good.  But that's to be expected as they are giving the food away for free.So skip out on the happy hour in the bar for food and actually get food from their menu.  Get the drinks though because their sake flights are delicious.  It gives you a lot of variety when you order the Diamond, Pearl, and Silver one, because that one really gives you an idea of what sake is.Back to the food...the sashimi is actually pretty good.  The cut was off, but the grade of the tuna was really good.  The spicy tuna roll was amazing!  And their specialty rolls are cute, not as much variety as other places, but I do love the addition of sprouts in the roll.The waitress was kind enough to wait on me and my friend, even though we took forever to order!  I will be back for dinner again!  But I can't say how soon, seeing as Delux is right there, and that place is the best!
4	Good sushi, open late.
3	This was my first time here. We sat in the bar and caught the tail end of happy hour. Apparently that have complementary hors d'oeuvres, although I did not have any. We had a few cocktails and ordered some Salmon and Yellow tail sashimi and nigri. I love good salmon and I must say their salmon is pretty good. The Yellow tail sashimi was cut too thick for my liking. My biggest complaint was the smell of the restaurant. It smelled like a mix of disinfectant and cheap cologne. It was really strong and made me a little sick to my stomach...
2	I have eaten here several times only because it it right around the corner from my house. The sushi was good the first time we ate there and has been down hill ever since. It tasted like the prepackaged sushi you find at the store and the rolls are so small. We ordered a philly roll and a california roll and all you can taste was the cream cheese and cucumber. Totally disappointed.
1	I should have went to the Safeway next door for sushi.This was the first time I went to sushi joint, looked at the menu and decided that the best sounding thing was the steak. I opted for the grilled salmon and wasabi mash. While I am a huge sushi fan, the price of the rolls were a wee bit more expensive than some GOOD sushi places I went to. My friend opted for a bento box that had a crab nigiri (which was simply a half a stick of imitation Krab on top of rice). So sad. My plate arrived and looked like a garden threw up on my plate. The steamed veggies were scattered around my plate like the salad shooter malfunctioned. The grilled salmon was just okay, served on top of wasabi mash that was also just okay. The server was also very clueless. She brought over a bowl of miso soup and sat the soup between my friend and I. I wasn't sure who it belonged to so I asked for straws so we could share. =) She didn't think it was too funny. She said she wasn't sure whose meal it came with so she just left in the middle so we can figure it out. (THANKS!)By the way, the waitresses were wearing traditional Chinese dresses. Shouldn't they be in a kimono or something? Who is the smart white guy that owns this place?!I walked away from Zen 32 and I won't be back.
3	The Happy Hour isnt too bad and neither is the sushi but I have had better elsewhere! Very busy on weekend nights, interesting just to relax and people watch!!Although last time I was here, ended up going over to Hava Java and Gelato Spot had a better time there. Not really the best place for a large group since twice had issues with service when we had 15 people both times. Had made reservations as well and still messed up our checks and forgot my friend`s sashimi!
2	The owners of Delux should stick to burgers. I wish Zen32 was better -its one of the few sushi places in the Biltmore/Arcadia area, but its just not good. There's no other way to say it. We've gone multiple times always hoping to like it but its just not fresh or that good. Don't get me wrong - its not BAD, its just not GOOD. And, their happy hour is totally weak. So, if you're into just a basic California Roll and some saki - this is probably the place for you. But, if you enjoy Sushi don't waste your time.
2	Let me start out by saying, I love sushi. I am willing to pay reasonable prices for good sushi. And I understand, and even accept the fact that we are landlocked and will never get super fresh fish. But that being said, there are some pretty good sushi places in the valley. Zen 32 isn't one of them. The service was good, and the waitress helpful. She tried to coach some of the "sushi virgins" in our group about the menu. She was quite good at telling us what the items were, but it was obvious that she was simply repeating what she was told. She didn't really have the answers to a whole lot of questions. But she tried, and I'll give her an A for effort. The fish, well pretty much universally the fish lacked any flavor. The rolls were quite expensive, and all the fried asparagus and other strong ingredients covered up the fish flavor. It seemed as if they knew that the fish had no flavor so they intentionally tried to cover it up. Everything was either rolled with asparagus, fried, or covered in spicy mayo or chili sauce. Any of the roe that was used as garnish was so dry it would roll around the plate. The appetizers were good, but way over priced. Ten dollars for 5 lettuce leaves and a half a cup of filling is a bit much. Total bill per person for half an appetizer, iced tea, and a roll and a half each? Roughly forty dollars. If you like sushi, go somewhere else, enjoy it more, and save money.
5	I'm bumping it up to 5 stars.My new favorite sushi place in the valley.
2	Thought we'd give Zen one last chance. It sucked. Ambiance is nice and the servers are great.  The food is just plain below average.  $120 for three people to have a lousy meal is not my idea of a good time.  We used to love this place about 10 years ago.  Since then it continues to slide.  The sushi is uninspired and not fresh.  Sorry folks, we won't be back again.
3	Like most of the rest of the people who have reviewed this place I'd say it's right in line with A-Ok.  Really nothing special to write home about.  Not great, not bad, just another sushi place to eat at.Location is great on Camelback and 32nd St, sushi just ok, ambiance is not so bad.  This is another place that the pretty people go to.  When I think of great sushi I'm looking for an authenic family run restaurant with some flair.  Still I keep coming back here every so often, I guess I want to feel cool every once in a while.  Well I have to admit Zen 32 is doing something right.
4	I wish we had a happy hour sushi bar that started at 10pm for the night lovers in all of us in Charlotte, NC! Zen 32 offers $3-$6 happy hour sushi rolls, appetizers, and some drinks from 10pm-2am. The quality of the sushi was very good! I wish at the time I would have been more hungry, I could have eaten it up! The spicy tuna and vegetable rolls were great...I can't remember the other rolls we ordered, but just as delicious.The downfall was the service. Initially we were greeted by the hostess, but it took approximately 18 minutes for a server to show up. Typically that would have been unacceptable and I would have said something or just left, but it was on New Year's Eve and was a reunion with friends that I had not seen in a long time so we were just chatting. However, I think the hostess caught on to how long it had been because when we eventually started looking around we caught her eye and within another minute, our server showed. The atmosphere is dim and intimate. They also have a patio (with heat lamps). Overall, I enjoyed my experience and the food was delicious! Next time I'm in town, I'll visit you again Zen 32!
2	I'm a bonafide OC gal where sushi joints are like Mickey D's and Starbucks - one on every corner. Because of this, I figured my sushi expectations are not that high to begin with since I've seen and tasted so many places and I'm usually just happy to be indulging in my love affair with sush! However, I have to admit that this place did not leave me with the best impression and leaves a lot to be desired. Maybe sush is done differently in Arizona but it just felt wrong on so many levels.My boyfriend and I ordered 4 different rolls including one of their "special" rolls of the day.  Again, I can put it out there that maybe I'm just a sushi snob and this place actually will taste quite good to everyone else BUT in any case...here were my major no no's of the night:-My sushi staple is spicy tuna anything and I use this as my measurement for any sushi place. Zen 32's spicy tuna was not spicy at all and seemed to lack the use of siracha (chili sauce) that I have come to know and love. -The rice in each roll lacked the traditional sweetness and stickiness that makes sushi rice different from just plain white rice. -Each roll seemed to lack any flavor of fish whatsoever because everything was overpowered with ridiculous amounts of cream cheese and sauces. Makes me wonder what kind of fish no no's they're trying to cover up but bottom line is that I eat sushi to enjoy the flavor of the fish and there was none of that to be had here.On the bright side, this place apparently has a great happy hour and serves sushi until midnight which is great when you're craving late night sush. Would I go back and eat here again? I would...but only if I really had to.
4	Best sushi happy hour! What could be better then $3 beer's and $2 sushi?! I got drunk and filled my gut for under $30. I gave it 4/5 for two reasons... 1. Our server charged my card twice and its taken a week for them to replenish my account. 2. We were sat on the patio right next to the water meter and throughout the evening we were annoyed by the clicking of it. That annoyance caused me to drink more, so I guess I should be thanking the water meter
2	This place is by far one of the nicest sushi bars I have visited. It's in a great location (love the Biltmore!) and it's seating outdoors is unbeatable. The staff is also dressed up in Japanese clothing. I love Zen32 for having a wonderful and peaceful ambiance.However, I am a sushiholic and while I do love a great place to enjoy my food, I value the quality of the food a bit more.Zen32 sushi was just mediocre sushi. Not good, not bad, just okay. It wasn't enough to make me want to return for more :( Sorry Zen32, you are gorgeous, just not the total package :(
4	I've been here four times now and each time it's outstanding. Agreed that there's nothing special about the sushi itself but it's fresh and that's 90% of the battle. The atmosphere, any time I've been here, is outstanding and the servers very friendly and attentive. They make the best Chocolate Martini in the state using Godiva to finish it off. One other reviewer mentioned "pretty people" and I agree, there's some eye candy floating through there. In Arizona, this place ranks high by virtue of the shortcomings of most of the other ones but it is one of the two best.
1	I would never return to this place. Food is mediocre at best. The interior is sooo small.  The patio is about your only option.Please go else where for your sushi and Japanese needs.  The cloth napkins alone is a total turnoff.  It leaves lint all over your pants! So cheap!!!If you want to get a cheap eat, by all means, go there, but don't expect a top notch experience being that it's near the Biltmore.
3	I've been here a trillion times, but I picked up to-go here for the first time, so I figured I can write a full-fledged review on the joint. This is honestly just okay sushi. I don't feel like I'm going to get sick eating here by any means, but it's not my favorite sushi place, even in the biltmore area - especially since they opened Stingray sushi down the road and there's Moto sushi not too far away. The best part about this place is the patio. It's pretty awesome, especially for happy hour (read the other reviews, it's a pretty stellar place for HH) with friends or a date. Their prices are reasonable as well. Seriously, go for happy hour, but normal dinner I'm only half sold on.I do like the little bar area in the back, with TVs and intimate little tables great for dates, but there is SOMETHING about the inside - it ALWAYS smells like bleach! I have no idea why, but I just don't want that smell when I'm eating raw fish. That smell kills me every time. Again, the food is just so-so. Not the best, but not the worst. They've got a really varied menu for those that don't want sushi, so that's nice.I've asked the owner to supply #glutenfree soy sauce (tamari), but I have yet to see it be available, so I just bring my own. They make it SUPER easy to sub out king crab in their rolls as well - thank you!Take-out was fine, but I wish that they would box up their awesome cucumber salad (sunomono?) that they offer complimentary when you dine-in. I also ordered nigiri, but got sashimi instead...but I didn't check before I left...oh well.
4	Sushi has always been a safe option for me as a veggie. Even though I'm not crazy about sushi itself, I can always have delicious sides like tempura vegetables, (some) miso soup, etc. Zen 32 totally came through in that department, and I was even impressed with the sushi I did try. I had a veggie roll with soy paper, and it was actually really delicious. I probably would have ate it all if I hadn't already stuffed myself with the spring rolls, miso soup, edamame and a sake bomber!The atmosphere was really chill and the outdoor seating was really nice- I loved the color change pillars. Everything I had was tasty, and the service was friendly and prompt. I'm absolutely looking forward to coming back!
3	My first and only visit so far to Zen32 was a comedy of errors. It happened to chance that three friends were in an impromptu mood for sushi and decided this is where we shall meet for this sushi eating experience we were about to have. The bar I have to admit is a little hard to find at first, but all in all I love that it's hidden way in the back. The bar service was also fantastic. Very prompt and not pushy.  The polka dot Riesling I first discovered at Fry's because of its name greeted me at the bar and we had a very happy gathering. The anime movies playing quietly off to the side. What a great touch!!The food was pretty on point. I had some of the best sashimi I had ever had and some great rolls and nigiri also. I left the right amount of full (not overfull) and happy. Speaking of happy, happy hour prices started a little after we were seated and were accounted for as so on our bill.Why the comedy of errors then? The first error was the staff completely ignoring us back in our little spot in the bar waiting to be seated. It took nearly an hour and us reminding them in order to get a table. Second was the wine incident which was hilarious. I ordered a second glass of polka dot while we were at the table. Our waitress comes back with the Riesling and instead of starting to pour some in my empty wine glass, she adds a bit to my water. We thought it was super funny and were not really upset. I think a joke was even made about turning water into wine! :) Needless to say, she was embarrassed and promptly brought me back enough wine four twice the number of pours you usually get.  It's a little out of the way, but I'll be back. It's nice to know it's an option of Delux has a long line :)Slight recommendation though.. if you have white paper tablecloths that are disposable, offer crayons. Our unicorn drawings would've been much better had we had more colors than our blue pen.
5	I'm really surprised that this place doesn't have that many good reviews... we love it!Well, we love the prices at Happy Hour! And Happy Hour til 6:30pm... awesome! And then a reverse Happy Hour for later folks. Why wouldn't you like that? Everytime we've been here we've had good to great service. The sushi has always tasted awesome!One time a friend from Chicago was visiting, and I brought her here for lunch. She loved it! Plus we had some awesome, awesome low carb rolls (soy paper, no rice). There's a large patio area outside (for when the weather's cooler). And plenty of seats inside. Yes, the bar area is in the back... which does seem odd. But they still have your traditional sushi bar to sit at as well. We'll keep going and going.... and going!
4	My fave sushi spot in Phoenix. Nice atmosphere, great for a couples date. Pricey but good.
4	My favorite sushi Happy Hour in town! For only $3/roll, you can get very high quality yellowtail rolls, tuna rolls, etc. Also, their fliritinis are amazing if you're looking for a cocktail; they even come with a little shaker and extra "champagne bomb" so it's two-for-one on top of the HH price! It also goes until 6:30 which is nice (I hate those HH that only go 'til 5:30-6 - who is out of work by that time?!) and they have a reverse HH, as well.As for the ambiance, the main dining room is average but I really enjoy sitting out on their misted/heated patio, or check out their back bar which is cool and intimate.I'd give Zen 32 5 stars but for their spotty service. I've had awesome service here (had my birthday HH here recently and the server was so great about accommodating my party of 13, including splitting up the check for us) but I've also had really rude servers who've ignored me and had a generally bad attitude. Also check out Gelato Spot - which is across the street - for dessert. YUM.
3	The food is ok, the drinks are good and if you can get over the fact that the waiters have Chinese dress at a Japanese restaurant then its not too bad. Oh yeah they're the only place that's open late.
3	Went here last night with my wife and with a business associate of mine who was craving sushi for dinner. Its a nice place, food comes out very fast, and it was packed by 7pm. We were there from about 530 to 830. Everyone was in agreement that the zen32 citrus thing was the best. It had great flavor. However, the rest of the items we got, like the dragon roll, tiger roll, spider roll, spicy tuna roll, spicy salmon roll were just ok. Nothing really stood out and made us say wow this is good stuff. We did find it interesting that they had low carb rolls and we tried an order of that too. It was a little too "squishy". We also tried the some octopus nigiri, and a handfull of other things. It was easily over a 200$ bill for the night.I might look elsewhere for finding sushi downtown. Nakama is still by far my favorite place.
4	Two recent visits for reverse happy hour.A dining buddy of mine gets off work at 9pm.  We've been trying various places in Central Phoenix for late food.  Zen 32 was chosen as a plan B a few weeks ago.  We were aiming for Postino on Central...but it was a 45 minute wait when I got there at 9.  Neither of us wanted to stand in the parking lot that long.  So I suggested Zen as an alternative.  I think it may be one of the frequent choices from here on out!Both visits, Kara was our bartender/server.  Friendly, fast, outgoing, an absolute doll!  Reverse Happy Hour starts at 10 - when prices drop from "Holy High, Batman!"  to the perfect place to eat, drink and be whoever you care to be for around $20.Well and Draft for $3!  (Draft includes Stella - which makes my dining buddy a very happy camper.)Edamame and Miso for $2, Seaweed or Squid salads for $3.  Basic nigiri for $2-4, Some sashimi $5-6, Select rolls for $3.  Special rolls for $8.Where most places have long forgotten about gratis happy hour munchies - Zen 32 still provides them!On the first visit, hot offerings were crab puffs (okay, Krab puffs) and onion tempura.  A huge platter or California roll also out for the grazing...oops, I mean taking.Last night, the crab puffs had been replaced with spring rolls.Two drinks, two rolls and a couple of trips to the buffet table...I was stuffed and my budget was not shattered.  Thank you Kara, and thank you Zen 32!  Reverse happy hour here is the perfect place for those of us who love sushi, but can't afford a real sushi dinner on a regular basis.
1	I don't think there's much to Zen 32 besides looking trendy.Something seemed strange about the place when I walked in, and after reading other reviews it's been pointed out--the waitresses are wearing Chinese attire with Mandarin collars. I won't hold the lack of authenticity against them. Also, the music is soft and the seating kind of cramped, making for an awkward dining experience.I'll get the good thing out of the way--the reverse happy hour. The hot ginger sake was overpowering, but for $1 there's no way I can complain. Also, they had a few basic rolls for $3, and that's not too bad. Everything else sucks! The specialty rolls are all stuffed with krab, so what hope do you have of ever getting quality sushi? My tootsie roll was garbage, I couldn't taste anything beside the krab inside. The caterpillar roll looked nice, but I could only taste krab and eel sauce. Even the rainbow roll looked promising, and THAT was drenched in sriracha. I also had some of this teriyaki chicken entree, and it was rough and a bit dry. The edamame had way too much salt, and I began noticing a pattern to this place. Take crap and season it as much as you can.I'd like to give this place a second chance for a cheap date or something, but I'm still a little angry at this place (and their sketchy waitress!), for being the first to make me tired of sushi. A friend bought me this meal and I still regret it. It's that bad.
5	My friends and I have often frequented this locale for their late night happy hour (10-close) even on weekends for the past three years. I am leaving town and I felt that I ought to yelp about how excellent this place is. The bartenders are fantastic, funny, and remember your order. We usually sit at the bar, but sitting out on the patio (with Renee as a waitress) is also an option for the happy hour.Not only are the sake bombs excellently priced, but there is a little buffet (free) of sushi, egg rolls, and some meat dish. If you want more sake for your bomb, it's only a dollar extra.The outfits that the wait-staff wears is a little awkward though. I understand it is supposed to be Japanese fusion, but the outfits just look too tight and uncomfortable for servers and are probably way more expensive than having them wear standard black.Overall no complaints, and I bring almost everyone I know to this place.
2	Thank the good lord they are closing!  The fact that this place lasted so long is a testament to the fact that people will eat just about anything...Lenny is the king of schlock food!
4	Did I hear correctly? Are you closing? Lennnnnyyyy! Why! The rumor is the owner Lenny Rosenberg is not renewing the lease to focus on his other restaurants, Deluxe and Revo Burrito.I will miss this place. I have spent many a night at the beautiful bar and drank more saki than should have been legal in my early twenties. I was also able to extended my dollar when I was a broke college student thanks to the happy hour. Kanpai Zen, you had a great fifteen years!
1	Seeking an investor and keeping the well established business open seems like a better alternative in my eye. Giving up doesn't seem fit.
5	Why, oh why!? My husband and I had our very first date at Zen 32 6.5 years ago and return every year for our anniversary. The atmosphere was stellar, the Zen Punch made me feel fuzzy all over and I couldn't get enough sushi and zen triangles. I am no sushi aficionado but I sure do eat it a lot and I know the crap from the scrumptious. Zen always served up some good eatin' and was a great neighborhood hang out for many years. Good bye, dear Zen. You will be missed.
