2	Yech. Seriously, yech. I don't understand what the fuss is with Garduno's.I was visiting friends in Vegas and hoping that we would go to Viva Mercado's (I truly heart that place so much) and instead I'm being dragged to a casino near their house - and it's a local casino that I HATED going to when we lived in Vegas - which just happens to house Garduno's. It's the Fiesta Rancho casino.So not only am I doomed to suffer from bad mexican food (I have been to Garduno's before in that same casino) I am forced to wade through locals who are so hell bent on gambling.I decided to order their fajitas. What a freaking mistake. They were sizzling and so deceptive. They smelled so wonderful. My mouth was actually watering. Then after I assembled my fajita into the flour tortilla, I took a bite.Nothing. No flavor, even the onions had been blanded out. How the fuck do you do that? Seriously. How the fuck can you get onions to lose their taste?! How? HOW? H O W ?! I could only tell the difference between the bell pepper and the onion thanks to texture. Their "rice" was just that...rice.It was a disappointment through and through. Service was ok and that's why I'm giving it 2 stars. The food was shite.The atmosphere is loud. But I don't think their location within a casino really helped with that. You could hear the slot machines outside of the restaurant. One slot machines was so freaking loud I could swear I could hear it over the din of everything...and it was shouting, "WHEEL OF FORTUNE!!!" I kid you not. If it were a kid I'd have turned to it and said, "You're indoors now. Little voice."Decor is such a throwback to the 80s. You know what I'm talking about - that alleged upscale restaurant with the puffy booths and that nasty peach/pink pastel color teamed with green along with the sea green acrylic tabletop. ugh. I needed an intervention when I was sitting in that place. Badly.After all that hassle, I even paid for the crappy food for my friends and myself. I waved good-bye to my friends later on and made a beeline for Roberto's. Yea, I was that pissed off and angry at my food. I'd have gone to Viva Mercado's, but they were closed at 2am.Just a note -- why did Garduno's get voted best as one of the Best of Las Vegas? Does anyone in Vegas have taste buds? If they did, they'd be screaming for either Roberto's or Viva Mercado's as a Best of Las Vegas.Seriously, don't fall for Garduno's anywhere. I've had the misfortune of eating at 3 different ones in 3 different places -- don't fall for that nasty, bland, SALTY food.
2	"Ditto" to much of what Carina M. says. "Best of Las Vegas"? 13 YEARS in a Row??? Sorry. Whoever was on the Judging Panel needs to get out more. Might I suggest Mexico (or most any town within 600 miles) to establish a base palate. Best "Room" maybe. Best "Food". Bzzt. I hope not.Chain Mexican at best. Perdon mi amigos y amigas.http://www.fiestarancholasvegas.com/dining/mexican/There is much to applaud. The multiple salsas at the, All You Can Eat Chips and Salsa Bar.Decor visually impressive.Blue Agave Bar (shares some space) w/ it's overhead suspended parade of Tequila bottles. Kinda a unique visual.The "Table Side" Guacamole. They make it Fresh right there! (extra $ my guess)Portions in general are on par. (big)The $23.99 Margarita. 40oz. (monstero de borracho, I'll call it)Waitress was of caliber. I could tell she'd be happier being somewhere else. But, she was nice I want to add.Beyond that there is the ever present casino background noise as if you are on some game show that is just beginning, or at the movies and the THX sound trailer plays and builds up every so often. Or the maintenance employee with his Walkie-Talkie squawking noise 10ft away during the dinner rush. And if there are 3 of you and you get a booth, avoid being in the middle. The seam between cushions is not friendly to you bottom (or should I say culo).And the real reason I'm motivated to write this review............my poo was not happy this morning.Wait. Maybe it is authentic? I did have the water.On that note. By all means.........................Fiesta Casino on Rancho, near the Texas Station Casino.If you park in the covered spaces on the south end, you're maybe 100ft from the restaurant. just an fyi.Check your mail, coupons are available.
2	This is more about the price of liquor than the food, which is just average on a good day. My wife and I had dinner there this last weekend and ordered two margarita's. I asked about the sizes and made a cup with my hands and was told by the waiter that was a small. My wife asked for the large as did I. There were no prices on the menu for liquor and the waiter didn't offer up any and we didn't think to ask. When we got the bill, the prices were as follows....1 strawberry $26.95 and 1 regular margarita $24.95. My complaint is this, if you're not going to post prices then at least have the waiter or waitress inform you of the prices. What's to stop them at $26.95? Why not $30, $40 or even $50 a pop? After that "hand-in-my-wallet" experience, we won't be going back to Garduno's. Ridiculous prices for alcohol and average Mexican food. NOT RECOMMENDED.
3	Good Mexican food at Garduno's at the Fiesta Rancho Casino!I come to this casino every year to take part in my annual hockey championships that are held on the ice rink here.  Garduno's has become a regular postgame dinner or lunch spot for my wife and I since it is just steps away from the ice rink in the casino.They offer up some good Mexican food here.  My favorite menu item in the 3 item combo.  You can build your own meal by picking any three burritos and enchiladas with different fillings, such as chicken, ground beef, or cheese.  I like to get 2 ground beef burritos and a ground beef enchilada.  It all comes smothered in either green or red chili (I like the green best) and also comes with a side of rice and beans.  I never fail to clean every last bit off the plate.  My wife likes their shrimp fajitas which arrive at the table sizzling and smoking.  The meal also includes complimentary chips and salsa on the table and you can refill at their chips and salsa bar.  We have yet to try their extensive list of margaritas, but they sound good.As far as the decor goes, it's a little dark and dimly lit and pretty much just feels like you are in your everyday casino restaurant with a Mexican theme.  They have a sort of track that runs along the ceiling of the bar area that has countless different tequila and liquor bottles attached to it.  It's fun to watch the parade of alcohol make it's way around the ceiling.Whenever I come to Vegas to play hockey at Fiesta Rancho where Garduno's is located, I am always happy with the meals served up here.
4	Could be the best Mexican cuisine I've ever had in Vegas?! Coconut margarita is liquid nirvana.
1	Awful customer service!!!!!
4	I went to Vegas for my 30th Birthday. My sister told us about Garduno's Mexican Restaurant at The Palms Hotel. It was good. the service was good. I would come here again.
3	I would rate this a 3 1/2 stars. Stopped by for an early dinner (4p when they opened, still quiet) with a friend. Typical chip/salsa bar. Food was pretty decent (had the combination plate (the burrito was bland, the enchilda was good, the arroz was great along with a very tasty tamale and a perfect chile rellano), my friend had some sort of shrimp fish dish and she ate every bite) The service was great. My pet peeve is an empty drink glass or bottle. Never once was it dry. Place is a little dark inside, bring a flashlight. Had fun watching the overhead catenary system of various tequila bottles parading across the wall. The decor reminded me of a Claim Jumper restaurant or the Thunder Mountain ride at Disneyland, a little out of place for a mexican restaurant.
3	This place has decent food, nothing to rave about, but good.... okay, okay I have to keep it real, every once in a while I absolutely crave the bean dip and margaritas lolThe service is okay, if you are in the neighborhood and have a taste for Mexican food I would suggest giving them a try (otherwise just go straight to the good stuff at Agave in Summerlin)
3	The food is pretty good, the decor is pretty great, the service is pretty bad.Management is walking around and did check on us but our waiter just was not with it.  Not too many people eating there so I don't know what the problem was.  I probably will go back.
3	We've been going to Gardunos for a while. Their food isn't much to rave about and neither is the service. Our busser was so much more attentive than the waiter. I only saw him when he took our order and brought out the food. Other than that, the busser did everything. Maybe that's how it works with them. I do like the salsa bar, though. You can go up and get your own salsa and chip refills so you don't have to wait for someone to get it for you. My burrito wasn't all that great. The beef was kind of dry and the beans tasted like they had been sitting there for a week. My rice was good, though! They're not amazing, but I guess it suffices if you're hungry.
4	I enjoyed the food and I love the salsa bar. Service can be a little slow but come on...who really cares. Nice to sit a while isn't it rather than just eating before going on somewhere else.
1	Given the paucity of Tex-Mex in Las Vegas, we decided to try Gardunos which we found on the internet under the heading "Tex-Mex".   Big mistake.  We arrived about 4:45 on a Sunday evening.  The place was almost empty, but that did not improve the service.  The server was sullen and indifferent and seemed to resent our presence.  She spent most of the time trying to avoid customers lest they ask for something.  The young man whose job it was to bring us drinks and chips was rarely to be found either, and when he was his face wore a mask of utter contempt.  He also spent most of his time making himself invisible to customers.  Apparently they believe that the salsa bar makes their presence unnecessary.  Too bad they didn't have a water bar so we could get our own drinks too.The server tried to up-sell us everything.  "Want sour cream or guacamole with that?"  When it became clear we weren't interested in add-ons the service got even worse.  When the food finally arrived it was lukewarm.  The chips which we started with were cold and the sopapillas (which we had to ask for) at the end of the meal were so cold the grease had congealed.  They were inedible for anyone with the standards of a ground hog.  Are there no supervisors at this place?  We are not the only ones on this site to comment on the alienated workers and terrible service.    A decent Tex-Mex restaurant might well be a hit in Las Vegas.  Surely there are enough displaced Texans to create a demand.  But don't bother with Gardunos.  It is truly awful.  Our first visit will also be our last.
2	Don't think about asking to 'pick-up' your food, they won't allow it! This was a little frustrating as I was coming home from work, I needed to get into my hotel room, eat, shower and pass out.  I get there and the first thing I ask is why can't I order to go, I get a response that because too many people were ordering food and not picking it up, oh please- that is the worse line of bull I have ever heard.  I should have thought about it, I'm sure it's a hotel policy that makes them do it because they want the individuals to play while they wait for their food.  I'm told, oh its quick- literally 5-6 minutes, I'm sitting here thinking that's not even possible, but let's see it happen! No, it wasn't possible, that girl lied worse than a politician- the food took almost 20 minutes and it wasn't worth that much of a wait for the rush I was in.  I got the steak fajitas with the whole wheat flour tortilla, and the first thing to mention is the tortilla (which there were two) were hard and crusty on the outside, like CRUUUUSSSSTTYY!! I ripped the edges off and said whatever lets dive in and make these babies!  I immediately realized there was about 3 pounds (yes I'm exaggerating, come on people!) of vegetables and 5 oz. (no I'm not exaggerating) of steak.  Literally I'm talking 6 small little pieces of steak with what I guess a whole large onion and 2 bell peppers.  The steak was good, I will say- but the overall flavor of how the onions and peppers cooked was not great, it just was bland- not a fan at all! Will I go back yes. Was I happy with the service, not so much.  I didn't like being told I couldn't pre order, I didn't like that the girl bold face lied to me about the cook time, and I didn't like that I had what felt like tortillas from the early 2000's and I wasn't happy that I got less steak than the scraps I feed my dogs.  Give this place a try, but maybe try something other than the fajitas!
3	I used to enjoy this place a lot more than I do now.  I still like the atmosphere.  The tables with coins, stamps and other memorabilia.  The moving train of taquila hanging over head.  The giant barrels.  I still like the salsa bar.  They have a good selection ranging from mild to spicy, chunky to thin, cold to heated.  That coupled with the endless supply of serve yourself chips is is good in my book.  The food, however, is lacking a certain freshness and authenticity.  When you order a taco you receive something that looks like it belongs in taco bell.  It is not the fresh fried shell you get from Roberto's, that's for sure.  The rice and beans are okay.  Nothing special.  The chimichunga is filling.  It is loaded with meat and cheese and comes with a scoop of sour cream and guacamole.  The scoop of sweet corn cake was not as sweet as I am used to.  It was actually rather starchy.  And I remember the days when Garduno's used to bring out sopaipilla's with honey after the meal.  Those days are gone apparently.  My only reason to go back now is for the all you can eat taco special they put on once or twice a year.  When you get a taco in a soft flour shell, it aint bad.
4	This Has Been Our Go To For Cinco De Mayo For The Last Five Years. The Food is Decent And The Portions Are Decent Sized. Between That And The Unlimited Chips And Salsa Bar With Two Kinds Of Bean Dip, Nobody Ever Left Hungry In Our Group. Also There Is Always A Table Open Waiting For You But Service Is A Bit Sloooooow. Viva La Hot Sauce
3	I ordered the shrimp fajitas. The meal was well cooked and tasted good. The sopapillas were very good and the access to the salsa bar was convenient. Their salsa selections were better than other restaurants. The only issue I have is the lack of service, I didn't get one refill  on my drink while I was there. They could do a lot better in that department.
2	Food was okay, service was lacking.
3	Garduno's aka Agave (Bar) is not known for the food so much as their Margarita's and drinks. They have a good, cheap happy hour, the chips and salsa are good and if you order a Coconut Margarita you'll love it and not drink a lime one again! Caloric and sweet as hell but oh so good! The happy hour food is COMPLETELY different than the Restaurant Menu food so remember you get what you pay for!
2	WHAT are you thinking Gardunos????  Used to enjoy the enchiladas, tamales, etc.  Were there on Saturday, group of 8....we've raved about the yummy tamale especially.  Orders are brought to the table and WOW, the red sauce tastes like someone slipped and put in an extra 50 hot peppers.  WAY too spicy and most of the table likes their Mexican food with a little kick.  This was SO SPICY, you could not taste the food that it was covering.  Had to sip tea/water after each bite to calm the "heat".  The man in the white coat walking around asking how things were came by.  When I asked what happened to the red sauce, he said the chef wanted to spice it up a bit.....Sure hope they forget this idea and go back to the milder red sauce (which had a pretty good kick to it already).  Not sure if or when we will try it again....it was not a pleasant meal.On a brighter note, Tony D did a great job of taking care of our out of town guests!
2	Here for dinner tonight and it's not what it use to be.  Changed the menu and the bean dip. Rice was awful.  Why do people fix what is not broken .
3	Food was ..meh. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. In the beginning, they serve chips and have a salsa bar where you can get salsa for your chips & more chips. Next, I ordered a seafood enchilada because my server recommended it! It really fell short of any standards of Mexican that I've ever had. Yeah, so overall, Food = not top tier. The service that I got here was okay; Since everyone has been using their Groupon, there was a pretty long wait time. But, the staff was super friendly and always coming around to check on our table! I think the thing that I got the most excited about was the drink! Garduno's is a margarita factory, and I was pleasantly surprised! They make some pretty bomb margaritas! Some of the fruity ones are a bit too sweet, but they are pretty tasty!!! To get away from the margarita craze, I also ordered a melon mojito :) A little bit strong, but it was delicious! They were damn cheap too! $7 for most drinks I ordered, which made my wallet happy. If you don't like the food, try staying for the drinks. Next time I'm here, I'm definitely only going for the drinks!
3	If Oscar isn't working it's not worth going. This is a 5-star dining experience if Oscar is on the scene.
3	Had been wanting to try this place for a while since I was told the new owners were from New Mexico and looking to bring back the Quality of the food. Was seated very quickly by a very nice cute hostess. Soon our server was over to explain about the Chips n Salsa bar plus take drink orders. They bring you a round of chips n salsa but you are welcome to self serve at the chips bar as much as you like and with a few other salsa, i personally liked the style of chips and salsas were ok. For dinner I ordered the 4 Taco Combo w/ corn tortillas, gf ordered stuffed sopapillas which she said were all ok. My taco combo was relatively good and tasty, i was not a fan of the beef version though, it just tasted too much seasoning or something, but the Steak, Chicken, and the cheese tacos were on! Rice was ok. I also ordered the Steak nachos as appetizers and overall they were ok, lacked a little in the cheese, lettuce/tomato toppings as well as short on sour cream but the steak was good and proportioned well. Drink were there margaritas which were great and well recommended in any of there choices. Did not order desert as they bring you warm Sopapillas and honey which are amazing in itself! Completely stuffed after this. Overall our service was great and was well checked on in a decently busy restaurant. The manager also stopped by table to check on anything, nice. I would certainly go back for drinks and chips n salsa and one more try on a different entree which may change my 3 Stars. Until then... 3 it is
5	This place has very good carne asada tacos/burritos, beans, rice, guacamole and the atmosphere is fantastic! Highly recommend for good food.  Service on the other hand lacking.  They wouldn't do separate checks for our group, we had to get up and get more chips etc for ourselves and they did not come over to refill our waters until we were all done eating.  They never came to check on us while we were eating.  Then when the bill came they had added a gratuity of 20% which was listed as the highest on their gratuity list.  Considering the service they should have got nothing.  Would not recommend place for groups, we had 8 people in our group.
5	We love this place. Nice staff and great food. Try all 6 salsas they have on salsa bar.
5	We lived in New Mexico for a few years and one of our favorite places to eat was Garduno's.  When we moved to Las Vegas, we missed the food (Hatch green chiles) most of all.  It was such a joy to find that there is a Garduno's here too.  Their stuffed sopapillas are FABULOUS!  Their machaca is FANTASTIC!  The service is great and the salsa bar is yummy too.  Really a nice pleasant environment and prices are reasonable too.
