1	This school is not looking in the best interest of the student.  I have had problems with this school twice, had to go as far as notifying the board of education for the mistreatment and unfair claims presented by the staff and teachers.  I won my claim.  I ended up going on maternity leave when I had to start my externship with the school. I notified the school two weeks in advance on when I was returning and waiting for them to find me a place to do my externship. I was on hold for months and still did not finish my externship so I can graduate.  I am in process of taking them to court, but just want to warn all those who are looking to go to this school. Watch out they don't treat you with any respect and ARE NOT looking out for you, especially if they cant get externship sites for its students! The director Cheryl is the worst of them all.
1	Don't let the sweet talk get to you this is not the school they make it seem. They certainly do not respect or care about their students it is just a waste of money and your time! All they care is about the money they can care less if you pass or fail its a corrupted school and I would NOT recommend it to any body. Unfortunately I had to learn the hard way
1	Talk about a downward spiral...as in going down the toilet ! Tempe Campus is Terrible! Yesterday this stupid campus director Cheryl ? Just let go? Fired the only quality instructor they have! Cheryl Iverson, she was the cornerstone of this college. Now this person Tammy.. Who failed at teaching a single PCT class is leading the students into a waste of time and money!   Stay far far away from this Allied Health college. The acting president Roy H. does not care about you the Student, only the money $$$. If you really think your going have a job after spending thousands of dollars, do you research first!  Any investors reading this? This company, is doing a horrific job!  Go to Tempe campus and speak with the students!  I have heard of a class action taking place soon?
1	I completely agree with ALL of the negative reviews on this school.  I was an instructor for this college from June 2013 to February 2014.  I worked at the Tempe campus under an amazing director!  He left and an awful woman named Cheryl with a really BAD reputation took over.  She was a bully, she set out to completely get rid of all of the best instructors, myself included.  My students respected me and loved my classes. When she pointed her nasty finger at me to get rid of me the students wrote letters and begged her to keep me.  She punished them for it.  The school has since lost all of their great instructors because of this horrible person.  Ive moved on to a happier college with a great team of people I can respect.  I just feel bad for the students that got ripped off.  I cared about each and every one of them.  Shame on Brookline.  Students be warned!!  Go to another school! ANY other school.
