1	This is the worst Harris Teeter I have EVER been to. Their seafood is total B.S. at best, their produce selection is limited, just plain old MEH all around. Their meat department has given me guff as far as service goes, but the rest of the store seems to be pretty friendly. I truly appreciate the heightened level of customer service that HT attempts to provide, particularly through their front end/customer service staff, but I've seen better at other locations... and much worse.
1	Since this is the closest grocery store to my house by a long shot, I often get stuck shopping here -- and again this past week the meat/seafood guy who once refused to cut my roommates and I fresh steaks from the case (claimed there was the same thing already out, of course there weren't) this time refused to simply clean a fish. (It wasn't busy, by the way.)Harris Teeter, better get your customer service problems under control at this location.
4	Seeing the existing poor reviews, I felt a little bit nervous to be so contrarian, but I like this supermarket.  Since I'm new to the area I have been seeking a good sized, friendly, supermarket with some decent promotions.  The local food lion appears to be of 70's vintage and is postage stamp sized in comparison (but ok still).  I went to bloom but it was expensive for no reason and had apathetic rude people working there.  Walmart is often overpriced (on some items), out-of-stock (on anything you want), and always crowded.  I boycotted Harris Teeter for the first two months I lived here since I thought that it had a stupid name, but upon going I saw a bright and modern store with some decent promotions and a regular supply of free samples.  All-in-all not too bad.
3	I come here for larger grocery trips as getting around the Plaza/MIdwood one is near impossible.Produce selection is pretty large, and usually OK quality.Getting service at the meat counter is pretty rough. I have been told to come back when an employee when off their break to get something. At noon on a Friday you only have one person who can do certain things?Everything else here is pretty typical Teeter.
4	In reviewing a supermarket, I really look at four compoenets: a) variety of product; b) cleanliness of store; c) customer service; d) price. This particular Harris Teeter does have a large variety of products.  The produce section carries both regular and organic choices, there is an international section, a flower counter and even a Starbucks!  The store has always appeared clean to me.  Even the salad bar is kept pretty neat.  The customer service here is OK but not outstanding.  As others have mentioned there is a lack of service at the deli counter and the sandwich station.  By lack of service, I don't mean it was poor, there was just too few people to help.  As far as price, Harris Teeter in general is just so overpriced.  I really don't buy anything unless it is on sale, or I'm absolutely desperate.  As far as large supermarkets go, I'm a fan of this location.  However, if I have other choices available like Trader Joes or a local market, you'll find me there.
4	I LOVE this Harris-Teeter. I make a visit there every Saturday. The staff is friendly even though they are mostly college students. The deli never disappoints and the produce is very fresh.
4	I don't buy much from Harris Teeter as their pricing is, generally, sky-high. I do go there as it's the only place I've found that carries Boarshead knockwurst. I also stopped to pick up a half roast beef sub. The lone girl at the sub station must have been getting ready to close as she took all the roast beef she had left and piled it on the sub. What a humongous sub she made for me. I asked her to marry me, which drew a stern look from my wife. On the down side, our grandson noticed they had some pizza and was asking for some. They were cleaning up and instead of reducing the price, or just giving him a little piece, the just threw all that pizza away. I just couldn't see paying a high price for pizza they were just gonna throw away, anyway. Oh well...I got him pizza on the way home.
3	I love the Hairy Teeter. It's about as high-end as you can get in a grocery store before you start paying ginormous prices for the Whole Foods and Trader Joe's type stores. Great beer selection here. Produce section was okay, not bad, not great. There's even fresh food area where you can order meals much as you would at a WF. Here's the difference. I purchased a "fresh" HT salsa today (Oct.) that expires in Dec. I'm sorry, that's not fresh. But it's a HT, which means quality overall.
5	I wish more than anything that there was a Harris Teeter in Philadelphia.  When I come down to visit my family, I love to go grocery shopping with them.  The Harris Teeter has everything you could possibly need.  Things that I would need to go to a specialty shop to get.  Their prices are high, but are comparable to other high end grocery stores up north like Wegmans or Acme.  The service always blows me out of the water as well.  Maybe it's because I'm from the north and am not used to southern hospitality, but when the cashier asks if I need help getting my groceries to my car, it shocks me in the best way possible.  I always decline and thank them about a hundred times before I leave. Harris Teeter, if you're reading this, expand to Philadelphia, PLEASE!!
5	First - I'd like to say that most of the poor ratings given to this location are based on personal preference of price, and not the quality of the store itself.I'm new to the area and was looking for a high-end grocery.  I had been a bit disappointed by other nearby Harris Teeter locations I'd visited.This location meets the following criteria that I was looking for:Excellent Produce - both in quality and variety!Excellent Meat Department - Both packaged meat and meat counter contain quality meats and great variety!CLEAN!!!! from Bathrooms to store-wide floor - aisles are clear of carts and other debris, shelves are stocked nicely, overall, the cleanest Harris Teeter I'd been in, in the University region of CLTFriendly, courteous employees.  This shows the store is WELL managed!This is my new go-to grocery store.  I'm willing to pay a bit higher prices to get the variety (bakery items, olive bar, salad bar, soups, etc...) available in this store.  If you're looking for cheap - this may not be the store for you.
5	Excellent grocery store! Since signing up for e-Vic, I've been too obsessed with doing my shopping here. I was more of a Food Lion person. Heck, I can't even remember the last time I stepped into one. This location is very clean and easy to navigate around. The self check out lanes makes it better.
5	Wow, what a great place. I've been coming to this particular Harris Teeter for 8 years now (through my years attending UNCC) and the place is as good as a grocery store can get. The wide array of  products, delicious salad bar, top notch sushi, fresh deli, quick subs/wraps, and the newly added pizza kitchen causes me to make at least 3-4 stops per week here as part of my routine. Oh yeah, did I mention this place has a Starbucks!   This place is way better in my opinion then Trader Joe's considering the product offering doesn't even compare. However, I do like trader Joes for a few specialty products, the rest of my food pantry gets filled with delicious items from the good ole university HT!
4	I usually come here on a weekly basis to check their weekly sales. Nothing really bad or great, just good. It's a grocery store so, what do you expect right? Lol, anyways their sales change every Thursday. Only thing I can say that they need to improve on is the self-service crew. Sometimes I'm there in the self-service line and the lady is either helping some other customer or plainly just not paying attention and I'm stuck at my station when it reads "please wait for cashier" or something like that, they probably need atleast 2 ppl there. The service lanes are fine though, I seem the cashiers waiting for customers almost all afternoon, just the self-service lanes needs some adjustments.
4	This is a great location! It looks great and is easy to maneuver. Everything is clearly labelled and they have plenty of their sale items in stock. The only problem I have is the overflow from the Starbucks stand. It makes your exit from the store look a little cluttered. I love the option of the Starbucks though!
4	As with all Teeters in the Charlotte area, this one is tidy, clean and organized as well as being staffed with folks who understand service and friendliness. One such person noticed me wandering about looking for something and asked if I needed assistance."Yes, please. Where's the pharmacy?""Oh, we don't have one in this store.""That would explain why I couldn't find it."Otherwise, the rest of the store was clean, bright and well stocked. Prices are higher than you'll find at the nearby Wally World. There is not a SuperTarget in the vicinity either.
1	From the north and looking for a good grocery store?  Stop wasting your time.  There is a grocery store where I grew up in NY called Wegmans and it is continuously voted #1 in the country every year, and not by a hair, it's a long shot.  So, I am not holding Harris Teeter to the same standard, but HT is terrible by any standard.  I don't know if it's the lack of food diversity in the south or HT's fault, but I have a difficult time finding many ingredients I need for cooking at home.  The prices here are higher than those of Wegmans in NY...that's right, higher than the #1 food store in the country in one of the most expensive states in the country.  the produce must not be local and seems like it is frozen because it is often not ripe and rapidly rots (the product of freezing produce).  The produce selection is also limited.  There is no bulk section...nowhere in Charlotte, what the heck is wrong with this city?  The prepared foods section at HT is awful.  There are no decent hot meals; terrible taste and variety.  The bakery is no good either.  I have bought 4 different pies and returned them all.  Visit a NY bakery and learn what good is.  Deli?  Forget about it!  The standard is far below what it should be here.  I think the corporate QC people of this company need to visit some other high rated grocers around the country to learn where they're lacking.  Food Lion and Bi Lo are crap and pretend to be nothing better.  The annoying part about HT is that they charge out the roof and anyone who has never left Charlotte thinks this is the greatest place on earth.  And one last thing, what the heck is with the check outs?  They're backwards!  You hand your cart to the checkout person, they slowly unload it, the bag dispenser is on the rotating track the groceries are supposed to be on, while you're waiting to pay there is a checkout person 2 feet behind you unloading a cart and bumping into you, and you're left feeling like you just fell into an episode of the twilight zone.  The only thing I dislike about Charlotte (besides terrible drivers) is the lack of quality food and grocers.  I wish a better grocer would merge or buy HT.  Better yet, I wish a better grocer would move to Charlotte and kill HT in market share.  If you follow commercial real estate, you'll notice that HT buys prime locations where competitors make locate, and sits on them.  This is their tactic.  Don't compete in the market on quality, put up barriers to entry.  Scum bags.
5	By far my most favorite grocery store in the land - and I should know as I grew up in the grocery business.  The selection and the freshness can't be beat.  I have had several friends in the area who've recommended I go to "cheaper" grocery stores however I just cannot seem to part with my Harris Teeter in the Town Center Plaza . Plenty of parking, super friendly staff.  Plus there always seems to be some amazing sales, such as the Buy 2 Get 3 Free sales.  Also if you go early enough in a day, you can get the meats when they're marked down due to being close to expiration.  Produce is amazingly fresh and some of the biggest apples I've ever seen were from here.  How do I like those apples?  VERY much.  Only "complaint" I have is when I visit the slicing deli for some lunchmeats, there's only ever one person assisting customers while other employees mill about through the deli.  It would be great if they could stop and see if they can help cut my lunchmeats to speed up my stop at the deli - after all, there's SO much to explore here I really don't want to spend all my time at the deli!!
