5	If you're looking for yoga that makes you sweat, makes you work, makes you feel awesome, this is by far the best studio that i have discovered in pittsburgh thus far. it's worth the 5 mile bike ride fo' sho!  and they have great student rates.  $40 for 5 classes.  do it!
5	Amazing yoga is great. If you like Baron Baptiste's style of "Power Vinyasa" yoga, you'll feel right at home here. At the Shadyside location there is only one room. And the room is not as hot as Bikram yoga. Though it is quite a workout, you'll find that the warmth of the room does indeed help your muscles. You'll be able to do poses that you previously probably never thought you could.
5	There's a reason this place is always packed in the evenings - the GOOD word is out! This studio is awesome! The instructors are excellent - they challenge and encourage students while still respecting any limitations you might have. They keep watch over students to help improve their positions, and always remind you to BREATHE. The heated studios allow for a satisfying, refreshing and spiritual experience. Try the morning classes if you want more space during your session.I think the prices are fair: $13 per class, ($9 for students). You save a few bucks when you buy classes in sets of 5, 10, or a monthly unlimited pass. I've tried to invite some friends, who make faces when I tell them the price, but frankly, I think you get MORE than what you pay for at this studio. But alas, some people take no issue with spending $13 on beer & hot wings, a movie and twizzlers, or Red Bull & Marlboros  (bleh, gross).I like to drop some cash on yoga. Amazing Yoga. Namaste.
1	Turned me off. I was planning on taking the instructor's class, but these numbnuts wanted me to have taken a year's worth of classes prior to signing up, even though I been practicing for years. Is it because they want to be sure I am really adept, or is it about lining the pockets?  It is a "business" so I expect as much, but such policy should be made clear from the jump. To their credit, they did return my deposit promptly, but it smells like another case "yoga for the rich yuppies stressed after hard work in the office".  probably a great studio, but that particular instance is none too appealing to me.
2	This studio is nicely decorated, the teachers are knowledgeable,the sequencing is well done. The student-teacher ratio is pretty low though so don't expect adjustments or personal attention. Also, the classes get really crowded and sometimes waiting your turn to move around/exit can blow the high that you just worked so hard to achieve.
2	I find their instructor's voices, speech cadence and pseudo-spiritual narrative to be awfully annoying. I would rather they just allow some silence in the class. But, it is a good workout, not too expensive...and I suppose it's good practice to learn to learn to tune it out.
4	Out of town visitor finds perfect power yoga class with parking, that'd be my headline. Nice studio, well-appointed cubby spaces for personal items, very friendly students (more so than anywhere else I've traveled), warm and humid class (as it should be...just right), tough with a touch of kindness instructors who follow the Baptiste sequence. Can you tell I really liked the place? Oh yeah, parking on the street is free for 2 hours if you can find it. I gave up and parked in the garage right across the street next to the coffee shop for $5 bucks. Totally worth it if you don't feel like walking blocks before or after class.
2	Spiritless, soulless yoga studio for overpriced workouts in an unpleasant environment. Yeah sure, the yoga studio itself is shiny and pretty, with pretty young 20ish yuppies who say "oh, my life is horrible," but yoga as I understand it is not supposed to make you more frustrated and stressed out when you are done with the session. I have felt so turned off by the instructors, and felt like I was competing with others in the classroom. If you like a variety of yoga poses and meditation practice, do not come here. I would suggest Yoga on Centre, Regent Square, or Yoga Matrika instead.
5	I have been going to classes at Amazing regularly for 3 years and I love the classes and teachers! Very inspiring instruction along with a great workout and you are guaranteed to sweat! I have never taken a bad class here but I have favorite teachers that lead more challenging classes. Sean, Karen, Sally and Lisa are among my faves! I love the heat too! They also have cool workshops and special 2-hour classes on holidays which are always a nice treat! Keep up the great work AY!!
3	I have been attending the Shadyside studio for the past year.  I will give AY credit for always giving you a great work out.   You're going to sweat a lot and feel good about burning a bunch of calories.  However, I do find all the classes (even amongst all the different teachers) very repetitive.  I assume this is because the owners (Karen and Sean) have taught the vast majority of their teachers through their own teacher training program.  There is not much creativity between the different classes; it's the same poses over and over.  Since attending AY this year, I feel like I could now teach there too!  It's that predictable.  They also don't offer much guidance for more seasoned yogis who take modifications or arm balances.  I feel like I'm "showing off" if I modify, where at other studios I practice it's encouraged to try new poses.  It's an "amazing" feeling when you're able to grasp a new pose. In summary, great place to get some cardio and decent yoga; not great if you're trying to expand your practice.  I mix it up with other studios.  They do offer a wide assortment of class times, which is convenient.P.S. Would love suggestions of other studios you'd recommend based on reading my review.  Namaste.
5	I've been practicing yoga for 12 years. I've practiced many styles, and I've also done Pilates. I absolutely love this studio. The classes are rigorous and slightly heated, so you feel both refreshed and like you've had a solid workout.Some of the negative reviews here are just silly - yes, there's some repetition to the classes. The "flow" portions of the class are the center of the practice, so they are a part of every class you take. Another reviewer commented that the classes were like a competition with people showing off, etc  - which is simply untrue. If you are focused on your breath, your poses, and the action taking place on your own mat, you won't even notice the people around you. A lot of yoga is psychological. If you've had a crap day, you may bring some insecurities to your mat and see them manifest...Not all yoga works for everyone. Different people need different things. As a sort of mid-level yoga practitioner, I'd say this studio has a lot to offer if the style is right for you.
3	I got an awesome yelp deal for this place which I definitely recommend because it gives you freedom to explore all the yoga places on walnut street before dropping down major dough (this place beats out Yoga Flow).  They do hot yoga so there're a few things you need to know:1)  It REEKS the moment you step into this place2)  There will be PUDDLES of sweat on the floor at the end of the session- so pick a place near the door so you don't have to step in any!3)  It's a pretty darn good workoutSome of the instructors get a bit repetitive.  It gets very CROWDED which is one thing I don't like.  They have a website where you sign up ahead of time.  I enjoy the PowerYoga with Music.  They list EVERY class as for "All levels" just to attract more people, but I think a true beginner would feel overwhelmed, especially since there are some pretty hard core yogis here.  I like that their sessions are quite long up to 90 minutes and I always feel sore the next day!
3	I am a regular yoga practitioner for the past 20 years.  I was in Pittsburgh for three days and took class at Amazing two nights in a row with Mark.I've been to studios across the country and have practiced many different styles of yoga.  I appreciate hot yoga and Amazing Yoga gets hot.  Many reviewers refer to it as a "work out", and that is precisely what it is.  There is very little philosophy (sometimes I appreciate instructors being quiet about the spiritual side because it sometimes seems a bit forced and not terribly authentic).  There was almost zero instruction for the basic parts of the poses and no options given for moving deeper into a pose (as a long time practitioner and former instructor, I don't need it, but many students do).  In the class I took, there  were no hands on modifications (which I always enjoy).  Overall, it was a deep, hot, yoga practice.  It was walking distance from my hotel, and there are good restaurants (take out - you will leave completely soaking wet, bring a change of clothes or a maxi dress for cover up) for take out.
3	I used to come here religiously - about twice a week for over a year. The classes are challenging and most of the teachers are fantastic, though don't expect any sort of modification or personal attention unless you're part of their exclusive group of buddies. I stopped going to Amazing Yoga because I practice yoga as a stress release and I cannot do that when the studio is so crowded that I have to be watchful of my every move possibly hitting the person next to me! Not to mention others are sweating all over my mat and I'm doing the same to them...it became hard for me to enjoy it as the studio got more popular. Until they get a bigger studio or limit their class size significantly, I won't be going back. I know I could go to the other AY studios, but the teachers I like only teach at this one.
5	I just took my second amazing yoga class today.  So far I am very pleased. The heat is not unbearable. I like the pace of the class and feel like I am getting a great work out. I feel very balanced by the end of class both physically and mentally.  It is a nice addition to all my other activities!
4	I enjoy this version of power yoga.  I like the pacing of it.  It is not much about the philosophy, and to me, that's ok; I'm there for a workout.I think the temperature of the room is pleasantly hot.  It's not unbearable, and they do turn on the fan when it starts to get too hot.  The fact though that there are no showers and no real locker room is why I bumped my review down to 4 stars.  The facilities in general are lacking (only 1 bathroom too, and 3 changing rooms).The class moves quickly if you take the "all levels" option.  There is very little instruction on how to do the poses, but even my husband, a true beginner, kept up OK (he looked at me with some concern in his eyes only once or twice).I wish there was a location closer to the 'burbs.  It's tough getting to and parking in Shadyside, but luckily there are free 2-hour spots if you can find them.
3	I like hot yoga and I think they do a good job. The teachers are well trained.  I dont like the fact that they tell me where to put my mat. Instructions could be more hands on and I wish the place was cleaner.  Overall it is an ok experience.
5	I've been going to AY in shadyside for years. I've tried many other studios, and i have to say that this one is probably the most consistently great yoga studio in pittsburgh. The staff is friendly and the instructors are knowledgable. It's a killer workout with an added bonus of being a much needed stress reliever. Namaste!
4	The studio is beautiful, but the classes can be super packed, for a good reason though. The teachers know what they are doing but i just wish I had more room.
5	Why this place doesn't have five stars blows my mind. This is run by a an amazing family and the best  training around
3	I am weary of hot yoga (It is too easy to overstretch) and the classes here are definitely hot.  But for what it is, Amazing Yoga does a very good job.  I agree with the comments that the facilities could benefit from changing rooms (you'll need to change after going!)
2	Too many younger, inexperienced instructors teaching majority of the classes at this place.
5	I'm going to miss this place so much. After a car accident that left me with an injured lower back, I couldn't lift weights or run or do any of my normal routine workouts. I looked into hot yoga and decided to give this place a shot. The heated room is perfect for stretching out your muscles and sweating out toxins, and the 60min/75min practice sessions are amazingly adaptable for beginners or advanced yogis. I haven't been able to find a yoga place that provides such a rigorous, yet satisfying workout. Even if you don't have the flexibility, endurance, or strength, you will acquire all of it if you continue to practice here. With the student discounts and flexible Shadyside schedule, I was able to improve my core strength, balance, and stamina while juggling my schoolwork (and my grades significantly improved, which I would like to partially attribute to this practice!)Karen Conley is probably one of my favorite teachers, but any of the yoga teachers there will ensure that the time you spend there will be fulfilling for your mind and body. I have yet to find a place that always leaves me feeling refreshed and new after each and every class.
3	I hesitate to review this place, because the people I know who love it here love it with such intense devotion that I almost feel I'm  personally betraying them by not giving it 4 or 5 stars.  C'est la vie :).  My experience level with yoga is moderate, if that helps.  I have tried pretty much all the yoga studios in the East End for several classes each.  That said, I am a dabbler in yoga, not a dedicated. multiple-times-per week practitioner, so take my review with that disclaimer in mind.I have three reasons for my three stars: 1)  I think the studio smells like feet, and the long, skinny layout of the room offends my inner sense of feng shui :).  Yoga Flow next door, in particular, feels so much cozier and more meditative, and somehow manages to not smell like a Sweat Factory (which all these heated yoga studios definitely are!).2) As everyone points out, this place is a "good workout."  The throngs of fit college girls rocking the pricey Lululemon outfits at Amazing Yoga attest that it is indeed a good workout.  I'm pretty pumped when I have sore abs the next day after class.  The issue is that I am just not 100% sold on the "power yoga"/ "good-workout " style being the best fit for me personally because they move through the poses lightning-fast, which takes away from the meditative/spiritual aspects of yoga, in my experience. I have the fitness/yoga background to keep up in the classes here, but I can only imagine how confused true beginners must feel (including in the "beginner" classes, which I've taken too and aren't much slower-paced).3) I have almost never gotten corrections in the classes here, which seems like it could be a byproduct of not sitting in the poses longer.  Either that, or I am a yoga prodigy (spoiler alert: I am not a yoga prodigy). You are Working Out, not breathing into a gentle and somewhat restful set of poses, which gives the instructors time to walk around and observe.    If you want a very active, athletic sort of yoga (and are fairly fit and experienced with yoga), Amazing Yoga is probably the best studio in town for your needs.  It's my understanding that this studio does a lot of teacher training, so you will also get a consistent experience and similar instruction style here.  The other heated/power studios nearby seem to vary in intensity and teaching style much more, which is a plus or a minus, depending on one's perspective.
