4	Solid Pizza place for the family.    Very consistent.  Good quality.   Like the thicker crust they serve.
4	Happened to go into Barro's tonight because it was next to Target and SuperCuts, and the kids were hungry, so pizza it is!This location used to be Godfather's Pizza and they have done a complete overhauls. New tables, booths, dark wood furniture, tile, the works. It looks nice, but its also comfortable for the family.The staff was very pleasant and helpful, so all in all a nice place to go in for dinner with the family.Tonight we had hot wings, which were pretty good. Not the best I've had and far from the worse, just good.The hubs and I ordered a small BBQ Chicken pizza to share and then two french bread pizza stick kids meals for our rugrats. My kids are both big pizza eaters, but one kids meal would have sufficed. The french bread pizza sticks were a foot long...definitely big enough for my 5 and 2 year old to share. The BBQ pizza was  delicious, except for maybe a touch too much BBQ  sauce..I would request light sauce next time. The crust was puffy and yummy.Definitely a place we'd go back to.Oh and if you want to go get take out, then you can order a nice cold beer on tap and watch a game while you wait. :)
5	I just love Barro's Pizza, and I am not just talking about this location. I have been to about 6 different locations and they stay constant which is not always the case with other places. The food is always fresh and I have never had a pizza or wings that I would have sent back to the kitchen. The breadsticks are soft and taste really good with the cheese and garlic on top of it. The pizza sauce taste great on everything including the breadsticks. The hot wings come in bone in and boneless fashion and both are just as good as the other.The Environment differs a little from location to location as far as the number for Tvs for the adults but there is always sports playing so go here to watch the game. I also love that each location has a play area for the kids and their own Tv playing cartoons or movies. It includes a play kitchen and legos. It also has a few games for them to play and pass time while the adults finish their meal. There is often specials that are sent in the mail where you can get an X-Large pizza and 24 hot wings for about 23 dollars. If you dont get the coupon just ask for the special and say you read about it on Yelp :)
1	The cashier asked me if I wanted my receipt for my credit card purchase. Duh! Yeah! Went there last night and ordered a take-out X-Large MegaMeat. Got home and it was on thick crust which I didn't order or like. The pizza was super dry with minimal sauce and cheese. It was awful. Oh how I wish RoundTable Pizza was in Mesa.
3	06-22-2012X-Lg Barros Special pizza was not cooked enough. Dough was soft and chewy could have cooked much more. Flavors didn't have enough time to blend.Resolve: Cook it longer please. Get that bottom crust very toasted. It would be way better and closer to what an actual pizza should be.11-19-2011The cashier asked me if I wanted my receipt for my credit card purchase. Duh! Yeah! Went there last night and ordered a take-out X-Large MegaMeat. Got home and it was on thick crust which I didn't order or like. The pizza was super dry with minimal sauce and cheese. It was awful. Oh how I wish RoundTable Pizza was in Mesa.
4	I frequent this Barro's almost once a week....yes I have a pizza addiction!  The pizza is always good and the wait staff is exceptional.  I normally call in my pizza order and then pick it up on the way home.  When I call they always know me by name and recognize that I'm a regular.  I rotate between three different pizza favors, BBQ Chicken (my favorite), Pepperoni/Sausage/Mushroom, and just a Cheese Pizza.  The pizza is consistently good.  The counter staff is always friendly and efficient.  You can tell this Barro's is very well managed.  I've never actually eaten in, so not sure about that experience.  The dining area is small and doesn't look appealing to me.
3	From out of town, we ordered this one night for delivery.  The pizza was good with a thick-ish chewy crust which I like.  Delivery was reasonably quick and the price was affordable.
5	Pizza is amazing. We always go to this location
4	Good pizza, good price and friendly staff.  They're our go-to place for pizza in the area.
4	Surprised at how good the pizza was.  Great price for spaghetti and meatballs.
5	I'm From Upstate New York,  Love a good Pizza Pie and this is without a doubt one of the Best overall traditional Pizzas in Arizona - period!   Brought my family there when they were young and now I bring my Grandson
5	My mouth waters when I think about Barros. I've eaten pizza all over the world. This is as good a pizza as you can find. The dough is chewy and thick, which is the way I like it. I order it with extra sauce. I'll put this up against any pizza place in the valley. It's not Giordano's but it's up there.
