5	FIVE starts to this delicious little boutique bridal shop at gainey village. My BFF is getting married and purchased her GORGEOUS dress from there. They have a great selection plus periodic trunk shows... sales associates are SO super sweet and kind they always make her (and her party) feel at home and comfortable. The process was so easy and beautiful. They are really great there. They even let her borrow a veil to take some engagement photos with...they are amazing!! (she's not a yelper so I'm doing the honors :)I recommend them to any blushing bride-to-be!
3	Shop--The shop has a moderate selection of bridal gowns, so I would recommend going there because they have a variety of designers.  Experience--The first time I was in the shop, the owner assisted me.  She was a bit akward, but I tried on pry 10 gowns.  The second time, I just walked into the store and another sales lady was there.  I pulled out a few gowns that I really liked, but the lady did not even offer for me to try them on.
5	This is a very lovely shop.  Amanda who was fantastic was helping me. As far as wedding gown prices are concerned I would say that Mariee is ranked right in the middle. I tried on dressed around $3500 and that's pretty good. I did ultimately get my dress somewhere else but I would still highly recommend stopping by Mariee. They only recently stopped caring the designer I was interested in buying.
5	My best friend is getting married and I was searching for dress shops by reviews to make sure she had the BEST first experience trying on dresses. I searched the reviews high and low and this was one of my TOP choices. It is very conveniently located in Gainey ranch in Scottsdale. They were very accommodating even when I had to reschedule her appointment last minute! Once we went into the shop, we were worried she wouldn't be able to afford some of their beautiful dresses because of her tight budget! To our surprise- they had her PERFECT dress and under budget! The ladies there were SO knowledgeable and professional and really took the time to explain all of their options and processes. I would recommend Mariee to ANYONE looking for their perfect dress.. They have a remarkable selection of dresses (that no other dress store has)! They ordered her dress and even got it in within a couple of months! They have amazing alterations ladies that are very professional and can accommodate ANY thing you ask of them! The shop don't even charge commission fees to them to keep the alteration costs LOW! & they meet at the shop for all fittings to keep your travel time low and convenient! Thank you Mariee for making everything so amazing and easy!
5	James & Carrie were lifesavers!  The store where I initially bought my dress went out of business so they were gracious enough to reroute the dress to their store in Scottsdale.  James and Carrie are kind, sincere, and genuine business owners who helped make sure my wedding dress was perfect.  I would recommend this store to any bride looking for a special wedding dress experience.
5	Being a second time bride I wanted something a little less 'bridal' and a little more sophisticated and original. I love Martina Liana and Mariee carries this designer. I thoroughly enjoyed the small, intimate atmosphere. Carrie was helping me while training a new consultant and yet managed to make me feel like I was not having to share my time between her and the new consultant. I was not rushed or pressured and they were totally fabulous to my 10year old daughter. They don't carry dresses for her, but while I was trying on, the other staff there was helping her look online for her 'perfect dress' and they let her try on all the shoes and headpieces she could get her hands on :) I understand some of the comments about a smaller salon with less choices, but my experience there EXCEEDED my expectations. For me, less choices = less confusion
5	Mariee Bridal is an absolute gold mine when it comes to bridal fashion and impeccable customer service!  I had some bad experiences when searching for my wedding dress and was bullied and almost forced into buying a dress that I didn't want.  James and Carrie are customer service at its finest and have made all of my wedding dress dreams come true!  Thank you so much for allowing me to come in and take my time in my decision making process.  You all truly understand the beauty of the process and are not out to just sell a dress!
5	I loved my experience at Mariee. I had a lot of fun trying on all the Claire Pettibone dresses but in the end loved the Lea Ann Belter dress the best. My mom and two sisters-in-law had a nice spot to sit while I tried on dresses and everyone who worked there was very patient and helpful.Definitely worth the visit.
5	I worked with Carrie & James, the owners of Mariee Bridal Boutique for my wedding last weekend. They were the absolute BEST PEOPLE to work with during-(what can be a seemingly stressful time period)-of finding the "perfect" wedding dress! I only had 2 months to get everything done and they helped me every step of the way. I had previously tried on dresses at half a dozen other places in Scottsdale and nothing compared to the level of first class service and couture dresses, that I found at Mariee. They were especially accommodating during the alterations process too! It was nice to find the high-end boutique level of service & merchandise, with the genuine kindness of the sales staff and owners. I truly felt they cared about my happiness and not about making the biggest sale possible. I also liked the fact that they had exclusive contracts with many different designers from all over the world. Beautiful gowns- no matter what your personal style or price-range is! It also gave some piece of mind knowing I wouldn't see my dress selection on other brides in town. From start to finish, this was definitely a bridal destination that needs to make your list when looking for a wedding dress!!!
5	I wish I could give 10 stars! This is such a wonderful place. The quality and service this store offers is absolutely amazing. The store is owned by a husband and wife team and they take such pride in their product. I didn't want to spend too much on a wedding dress but I really loved the Watters collection and they are the best location to go when searching for this designer. They were so helpful and treated me like a princess from the moment I stepped in the store. I was nervous to come b/c I knew that I wouldn't be spending as much as the typical bride and I didn't want to feel out of place. They made me feel sooooo incredibly comfortable and found me the perfect dress for $1200 off the price that it originally was. The assistant that they have working there is so sweet also. She is in fashion design school and had some great ideas to complete the look of my dress. My sister came here for when she was looking to get married 2 years ago and after that experience I knew that when it came my turn there was no other place I would want to go. They made the day really magical and I am so thankful for the professional and superior service. GET YOUR WEDDING DRESS HERE! YOU WONT REGRET IT!
5	I will recommend Mariee Gallery a million times over to any of my girlfriends that are getting married. It was the first and only bridal store I visited when buying my wedding gown.From the very beginning, Carrie was so extremely sweet and helpful. I had my eye on a particular dress, which she just so happened to have! It was kismet. She answered my initial questions quickly and kindly via email and setting up an appointment was swift and painless. When I walked into the store with my mother, aunt, and two bridesmaids, Carrie greeted us with a giant smile and the warmest of welcomes. She and her staff really make you feel like you're the only bride in the world. The attention to detail is fantastic. What I especially appreciated about Carrie is that she is open and honest with her opinions when it comes to dresses that "work" for you. It's obvious that she won't try to sell you on something that's not a 100% perfect fit just for the sake of making a sale. As I was going through the racks to make my initial selections, I pulled a dress that was 3x my budget and she told me right away, before I even tried it on. I thought that was so great! You can tell that she's passionate about her job and that made the experience that much better. Plus, she's got a background in fashion so she's really an expert.My dress came in early and I was actually out of town when it was delivered. Mariee kindly held on to my dress while I was gone that week and when I went to pick it up it was again such a smooth process. The dress was perfect. I was so in love!Mariee is a fantastic locally owned bridal store. Definitely check them out!
5	Walked into a few Bridal Stores but didn't try on anything because the selection was either too overwhelming or the staff was very pushy. Carrie was so helpful and sweet. I never felt pressured and loved their selection of dresses. Very organized and clean.It might be more on the pricier side but it is well worth it for the dress you will get.I absolutely love my dress! This place gets a 10 out of 10 in my book!
5	I will save an extensive review until after my wedding day, but in the meantime, I will say that Mariee is one of the most adorable shops I've every stepped foot into! It probably has something to do with the fact that it's owned by an adorable British couple who moved here from London to open this bridal shop and they stock the store with the most gorgeous wedding dresses around! Each dressing room is "themed" so one is themed around NYC, one is themed around London and one is themed around Paris. It's truly the essence of a bridal boutique and absolutely worth visiting if you're in the market for a wedding dress! More updates to come!
5	I had a very positive experience working with Mariee and Carrie & James. I purchased a Martina Liana dress from them for my wedding in February 2013. The dress arrived on time and was absolutely beautiful. I ended up working with Sadie, one of the seamstresses they recommended, and was so happy I did. She made the dress fit perfectly and made the prettiest bustle! Mariee provided such great service that I ended up buying all my bridal accessories from them as well. If you are just starting your dress search, I definitely recommend that you make a stop at their lovely boutique in Scottsdale.
5	The time has come for me to finally update my review for Mariee. My wedding has come and gone which means my time with Mariee has sadly come to an end. I can't say enough about this amazing bridal store. After I discovered Mariee on Yelp, I made an appointment, walked inside and I was immediately greeted by a charming British couple (James and Carrie) who own this store. The shop itself is adorable. It embodies the feeling of a bridal store and the dressing rooms are each themed around a different city (Paris, NYC, London, etc). Carrie was very sweet and showed me around the store. My wedding dress was lace but I didn't know the first thing about lace. Luckily, the kind Carrie took the time to explain the quality of lace and then showed me lace in different price points so I could understand the difference. I browsed through the racks of lovely gowns and immediately found some that I wanted to try on. Why are so many dresses mermaid fit out there!? I am not a mermaid-fit kind of gal, but luckily Mariee also carries plenty of A-line and straight fit gowns. There were plenty that I liked, but only one that I absolutely loved. It was a lace gown with around four different types of lace. It was A-line and had a long train and was my ideal wedding gown. The only trouble was that the gown didn't have straps and since my wedding was in a Catholic church, I needed straps (at least for the ceremony). After trying on the gown and falling in love, Carrie told me that the seamstress could actually create straps for me if they ordered extra lace from the gown. I was sold. The next day I brought my Mom and sister in to show them the gown and the consensus was unanimous. This was my dress!! That day we ordered the gown and then they walked us through the next steps. It was September when I ordered the gown and they said the gown would arrive in February. Once the gown arrived, I would come in to try it on and then the seamstress would begin to tailor the dress to fit to my body. The seamstress would also create my lace sleeves for me and make them detachable so I could remove them for the reception. We were a little nervous about the amount of detail that would need to go into the tailoring of the dress, but Carrie eased our fears when she explained their seamstress situation. Mariee has their seamstress Cindy who is exclusive to Mariee and knows lace like the back of her hand. Cindy comes into Mariee and does each fitting inside the store while Carrie oversees each fitting to ensure that the dress is tailored to perfection. February finally arrived and I ended up having five fittings (because of my straps). Cindy was a joy to work with and Carrie wasn't mistaken when she said that Cindy knows lace like the back of her hand. Cindy cut my lace dress to hem it and then hand sewed the base back on the dress. She made my lace straps from scratch and by the time she was done, they looked like they came with the dress. Cindy and Carrie and her Mariee staff were a joy to work with and I looked forward to each of my fittings. Mariee keeps their calm, deal with every type of personality and know their bridal gowns better than anyone. When you first walk in, you don't feel pressure or any attitude and it's clear that they simply want to help the bride have the best experience possible. I am so happy I found Mariee Gallery and will recommend this shop to any future bride. Not only are their dresses gorgeous, but they have an amazing seamstress who will help (not harm) the gown and that's rare for bridal shops. As a bride, I didn't realize the detail that goes into tailoring a lace gown and I am so grateful I bought it from Mariee who had a lace expert because I've heard one too many horror stories about what happens when you don't give your lace wedding gown to an lace expert seamstress! Thank you Mariee for making my wedding gown experience one that I will never ever forget.
4	Looking to say "yes to the dress"?My recently engaged sister was... and so during her visit to AZ, she made an appointment at this bridal boutique amongst a few others, to try on a bunch of potentials.  I hadn't heard of this place before, so I think it's fairly new.  I met her there, along with my mom and her mother-in-law to be, and we had a very pleasant experience.  I actually had my 2 week old daughter with me as well, and she behaved very well!Sales Associate Hilary helped Aubrey with choosing the dresses and getting them on and off, etc... and while ultimately this is not where she said yes to the dress, she did have a few that were in the running.This is a high end boutique, so you may want to ask about the price range of dresses before heading over... and I believe appointments are highly recommended as well.  In addition to wedding dresses, they also carry all kinds of accessories and some other formal dresses as well.  Happy shopping!
5	Mariee Bridal has got to be one of the best Bridal Shops in Arizona. Shop owners, James and Carrie are such a delight to work with. The customer service I received during my dress shopping experience was top notch! After going to about 6 different Bridal shops and finally finding this hidden gem.. I knew I couldnt get any better than this.. They are upfront and honest about the whole dress buying process including the alterations. I had the opportunity to work with CIndy, who is a dress maker with Mariee Bridal Gallery, who did wonders on the dress I purchased. I just want to say thank you to Cindy, James and Carrie for making this experience so wonderful.. I cant wait to wear my gorgrous dress on November 10! I will send lots of pictures..Warm regards,Erica
5	I went to Mariee Bridal searching for my future sister in-law's dress. Our experience at the store is the kind of experience you hope for when finding a dress. We were able to stop by without an appointment so we could just browse the selection. From the get-go there was no pressure, no fake discounts, and no pushy sales person breathing down our necks. The owner helped the bride try on some dresses and was so knowledgable in explaining some of the custom features we could add to it. She was so honest and very helpful. I am from Seattle but when it comes times for me to get married I would happily make the trip to Scottsdale just to have Mariee Bridal help me find my dress. If you want a stress-free fun dress shopping experience I would highly recommend you go here-they really do have something for everyone.
4	On my search for my wedding dress, I made an appointment with mariees to check them out. I loved the selection, and the boutique was beautiful. It seemed too easy to have found my dress after the first stop, so I decided to think it over a bit. I was shocked that they never followed up with me, and when I made an another appointment and went back, they didn't even remember me. I would highly recommend them, however I ended up going elsewhere.
5	Very cute shop and great dresses! They have an under 2k section and an over 2k section. Don't be too scared though - as they will sell off the rack! The lady who is part (or full) owner is very knowledgeable and very nice to work with. My bridal party thought she came off a little formal but in the dressing room she was very friendly. She shared with them exactly what I asked her to - she was amazing. I would definitely recommend checking it out even though I did not get my dress here-  I loved the visit!
5	aaaaah, thank goodness!  Shopping for a wedding dress can be incredibly frustrating.  If you're like me, you have an image in your head of what you're looking for and after going into 7 other bridal stores in town I was absolutely defeated, sad, and convinced that I was never going to find my dress.  Every store seemed to offer all the same designers and all the dresses started looking the same to me.  I want something unique!  Then I made an appointment to check out Mariee on my lunch break one day.  And I met Claire Pettibone!!....not literally (I wish!), but her dresses!  And my prayers were answered!  I immediately fell in love, but the nice thing about Mariee Bridal is there's none of that high pressure, "if you buy today" pushiness most stores do.  So a week later I brought back some friends and said yes to the dress with 100% confidence and a little help from Carrie.  Yes, Claire's dresses are pricey, but the store offers other designers that are less expensive if you're on a budget.  Thank you Mariee Bridal!  I can't wait for my dress to come in!!
5	Even though they close at 6 which isn't very convenient for a 9-5er, the manager was very accommodating when I asked to schedule a late bridesmaid dress fitting for myself. She had the 3 dress styles I requested ready and waiting in the dressing room. She also didn't mind taking pictures for me to send to the bride (who is in Canada). Another great plus is that I felt worried about the dress size I ordered. I emailed and left a message with them after hours and Shea wrote back right away, very understanding and let me come back in to try on a dress for size. I felt bad going back since it was my oversight to not ask to try on a similar dress in the size I ordered. But they made me feel completely comfortable doing so! I would recommend getting a dress from here to anyone due to the awesome customer service.
5	I went to Mariee Bridal to search for a wedding gown for my May 2015 wedding, and I had an incredibly amazing experience from the very start! I saw excellent reviews for Mariee Bridal on Yelp, and was impressed with their clean website so I decided to put a call in and see if they had any available appointments. Luckily there was a slot open, and I was asked about my experience trying on gowns, ideal budget and wedding date to customize my experience and so on our way we went! The store is located in a beautiful area, which matches its comfortably elegant interior! Shea immediately made us feel welcome, and briefed us on the designers, their prices, and shipping times. You then get a little box of decorated clothes pins to attach to gowns you'd like to try on, and you feel like a kid in a candy shop! From trying on gowns, advice, and opinions, Shea was INCREDIBLE. She was not pushy as many of my other bridal attendants seemed to be at other stores. She was more than happy to let me try all the gowns I wanted, and then re-try on my top two choices! We bought my gown and I could not be more over the moon! I'll update my review once the gown comes in to review their contracted alterations as well! Thanks Mariee Bridal!!
