5	Love this place a lot, living here for a month now and I have never encounter problems here. One of the best apartment in N Scottsdale. Definitely 5 stars!
5	San Marcos is, by far, one of the nicest apartment communities in Scottsdale. In addition to the ample parking, clean grounds, upgraded gym, and well-appointed pool area, the staff is fantastic. They are truly welcoming here; from the folks in the office to the maintenance crew. Since day one, they had made great strides in ensuring I was satisfied and looked after. My fiancee used to live here and loved it, we moved in together elsewhere, but could not wait to get back. Engineering requests are handled very quickly, the pool is never a "scene", I love my apartment, and I can always find good parking. Thank you.
1	Absolutely the worst complex and company to rent from. During out short stay at San Marcos, an Equity Residential community, we were bullied by the Property Manager. In February our garage flooded (because of rusty, neglected piping), and the Property Manager could not be contacted by myself, Scottsdale Fire Department, or the City of Scottsdale to shut off the water. After all of our things were destroyed, a San Marcos employee entered our garage, after it was agreed upon by management and myself that no one would enter or touch my property without my notification for insurance purposes. The employee did not only unlawfully enter the garage, but was touching my personal property. When he was confronted and told to leave, he retreated to the front office and called the police. The San Marcos employee attempted to file a false police report stating that he was physically harmed and was forcefully removed from the garage. No charges were filed because the peace officer could not find an evidence that the employee was harmed or telling the truth. This San Marcos employee entered the garage unlawfully, lied, and attempted to file a false police report. Throughout all of this the Property Manager and Equity Residential have been uncooperative, and demand $1300 to buyout of a lease that was violated by their own employee. My keepsakes and possessions have been ruined, the cops have been falsely involved, I have been continuously bullied by management, and now I am battling ridiculous fees and charges. DO NOT LIVE HERE!!
4	We have lived here for the past six months and have had an enjoyable experience so far. It's nice and quiet; the office staff is personable and helpful. In addition, I agree with another reviewer that the location is very appealing, next to parks, schools, libraries and shopping.The only thing that keeps this review from 5 stars are there are little "junky" details in the apartment itself that we've either had maintenance fix or just left alone because they weren't a big deal to us. This includes things like rickety closet doors, a "sticking" door in the laundry room, and the outside light that works about 50 percent of the time, even though it's been "fixed." These things are not, however, deal-breakers to us.To illustrate how good our experience has been overall at San Marcos, we moved in here after being forced to downsize from our house up in North Scottsdale, but the transition has been smooth and painless from the start. In particular, we highly recommend this property to those especially coming from that challenging housing situation.
1	Just like any other apts. there is always going to be at least one tenant that is an ass. The place is tucked away close to stores, highways, and parks. Very nice staff. And VERY QUIET. C= But... You can find newer apts. much cheaper. I did, and that's the only reason I moved.So, I just got a call from the manager. It seems there was an invisible magical cat/dog that urinated all over the apt.. I say magical cause only the staff could smell the urine. Not I nor my guests. They also managed to destroy the walls the day I moved out. This place sucks. When I moved there, I read the nasty reviews. I just thought it was disgruntled tenants. Now I know why. I am a neat freak, and have never owned a cat or dog in that apt.. They are just hurting for money. Everyone is moving out because of rent increases.  F San Marcos! =C
3	I can hear it when my upstairs neighbor pees!  Cheap construction!
