4	This store is pretty big but I get the sense that it is less organized than its other counterparts. It is slightly darker than the other stores. The cashiers here are super nice and are very courteous. They answer all your questions with respect and it seems like the people here really enjoy working at this particular CVS. They even offer to do rainchecks if they run out of a particular item.This particular CVS has a Minute Clinic inside the pharmacy. Helps out when you have the flu and can't get to the doctor. Minute Clinic is open on weekends as well.
5	Today was my first experience with the Minute Clinic at CVS on Chandler Blvd.  I went to the minute clinic based on a recommendation from my co-worker (after I confirmed it was an in-network provider through my insurance).  To start,  I did not have to wait longer than it took for me to fill out my information on the computer.  The NP listened to what I told her, she did a quick (but thorough) health history, and after a quick check to confirm the diagnosis-I was on my way.  My prescription was sent electronically to my pharmacy, got my printed instructions, and that was it!! I would highly recommend this fast alternative for anyone who, like myself, does not have time to schedule (and keep) an appointment with the doctor, especially for something simple (i.e. sinus infection).   It was so convenient and fast.  The NP was knowledgeable and very nice; she even gave me a recommendation to a specialist.  I will be returning for my flu shot in a couple of weeks.
5	I went to the minute clinic at this location yesterday and i was very impressed. this was my first visit to a minute clinic and i have to admit it was probably almost better then going to my normal doctor. Given it was a weekday, so probably on weekends it would be way more packed. you go in and fill out your information on a computer and it tells you what # you are in line to be seen. i was seen in about 25 min, even this is pretty good considering even with an appt you make to see your reg doctor weeks/days in advance you still wait this amt of time or even longer.  My insurance was covered here as well, which was awesome so only had to pay my copay. the doctor was probably one of the nicest people i have ever met(seriously, so nice that it prob would have annoyed you if you weren't sick, since we all like to be babied when we are sick it didn't get to me) anyway, she really was great and got me out of their quickly and had my prescriptions sent over to the pharmacy by my house so i could leave and just go pick then up. i highly recommend going here if you need to be seen on short notice, can't believe it took me so long to discover the minute clinic.
1	A total waste of time.  Walked in the clinic at 7:25 pm.  The place was all torn up with junk everywhere and I was beginning to question whether I wanted to have my kid seen there.  The lady working came out and said, "We close at 7:30 and (looking at her watch) it is 7:30, come back tomorrow at 8:30 am"  She never asked what we were there for or anything.  Very unprofessional wonder what credentials these clinic workers have.  The kind of attitude she had I can only assume this is a minimum wage worker who could care less about her job.  Actually even minimum wage workers will finish their line off even if their shift is over.  Not the kind of person you want providing medical attention. Obviously at 8:30 am there are much better options for medical care than a CVS clinic so we will see a real doctor tomorrow.
1	Beware of the minute clinic.  Paid copay and bought $30 in over the counter drugs because they told me I had a bad head cold. A week later and a visit to an actual doctor and they said I had a sinus infection, ear infection, and pink eye. I told them about my minute clinic experience and they laughed and said they see people all the time getting awful care from clinics like this.  Total waste of time and money.
1	Don't go here! I went for a possible UTI and after I gave a urine sample, the NP told me she didn't think it was a UTI and that I should go to another doctor for a possible Infection. I went to another doctor and found out it was a UTI. After paying for the minute clinic and the doctor with no insurance, I am out 200 dollars. Waste of money and time. Go to a Real Doctor!
4	I have always had pretty good experiences at this location of CVS. This is currently the pharmacy I am using to fill my scripts and the pharmacists have always been very helpful and friendly. The overall layout of this CVS store is nice. It is really easy to find what you are looking for.There is also one very nice cashier who usually works nights and she is very friendly and we always have good conversation. Overall I would recommend this pharmacy to friends living in the area.
