4	Very nice & spacious rooms!  The rooms were very clean and very nicely decorated.  It is definitely set up for an extended stay.  The rooms feel like a nice small apartment. You'll get free breakfast with your stay.  It is definitely more than your typical continental breakfast.  I would stay away from the eggs, they tasted pretty nasty.  But the biscuits weren't half bad. The coffee was pretty good, they always had fresh coffee there.  There were also yogurt and fresh fruit available which is always good for us on the low cal diets. The hotel is located within walking distance of restaurants, movie theater and shopping.  This is a great place to stay if you are in the Charlotte area.
4	Fat G. checking in with a review of our lodging in Charlotte. Having no idea where we were staying, other than knowing it was at a Hilton, I was waiting to see what kind of arrangements and resources would be available.The Homewood Suites are located in somewhat of an isolated area in Charlotte. It's not too far from Uptown if you have a car. The town of Ayrsley is a place that you could live at your whole life if you wanted to.At any rate, we made it to the hotel. Coming in, the reception desk is on your left and the main hall is in front of you behind the fireplace wall. There is a free breakfast and dinner they give you with your stay, along with coffee and tea 24/7. Going out of the back doors of the main hall, there is a pool area and a fitness center which has a couple of machines, but enough to keep you in shape. On the right is the Business Center, which is a place to use the internet, print and make copies, and make phone calls.The room was nice. A comfy bed with cable, nice looking decor in the bathroom and vanity area, and a fully stocked and working kitchen are at your disposal, along with free internet (provided you use the ethernet cord.)The food can be hit or miss, but it's enough to keep you satisfied. The area is quiet too and service is very helpful.There is also another Hilton across the street, which offers similar facilities, such as pool and Fitness Center, but the meals are not free.This is a great place to go in case you need a place to stay in Charlotte, that is not too far away from the city, and still has access to whatever you need or want.
4	We stayed here for one night and were quite impressed. The room was very spacious and well appointed. We didn't use the kitchen or living room very much or venture out to the pool, since we only stayed one night, but the extra space was greatly appreciated! The room was exceptionally clean!Front desk staff were very kind and helpful, and we enjoyed the complimentary breakfast. The hot entrees were sausage, egg and cheese biscuits (very good) and hash brown potatoes. They also had tea/coffee, juices, muffins, cereal, yogurt, fruit, and various "toastable" items. The bonuses are the late (12pm) checkout time, free Wi-Fi, and free parking! My only gripe is that the windows do not have heavy blinds that close all the way, which means we had sun streaming in at 6am and no way to block it out! This was made worse by our east-facing window overlooking the pool. If they could fix this, we'd happily stay again!
4	With all the traveling I've done, I had never stayed at a Homewood Suites before. This place is gorgeous and brand spanking new (in hotel years).  The staff was extremely friendly from the moment you walk into their lobby.  The rooms are comfortable even though there's a bit of "office building" feel to them.  The hallways go on forever just like in The Shining.  The evening meals are utterly fantastic and some of the best free food I've had at a hotel.  The wine and beer flows heavily from 5 to 7 which makes the dining area a very social place.  I enjoyed my experience here so much that when I travel I'm going to look for this brand from now on.
3	This has been a home to me on occasion. It is a newer hotel so the decor & supplies are very clean. It does seem that when construction on this place started it must have been office buildings cause the rooms & hallways have that feel. They offer breakfast every morning (which is great) & an evening social Mon.-Thurs. from 5-7:30pm. The evening socials are amazing! The food is just the best that I have ever had at any stay with a hotel. Plus free beer & wine is included:) as much as you can get down till 7pm.Everyone who works the breakfast & evening socials are just awesome!!!The only problems I have suffered with is the inconsistent service with housekeeping. There have been way to many time where they just don't service the room. The sign is off the door & it's an occupied room. So I just can't understand why every single time I have stayed at this location this always happens????I think if they ever get this situated it would honestly be the perfect place to stay long or short term.
5	I am presently snowed in, sitting with my team from work in the lobby at the Homewood... and I feel like it's imperative that I make a posting about how accommodating and fabulous the staff here has been during this southern Snowpocalypse!Last evening, this place was booked solid... and not a single restaurant or shop open in a reasonable (read: walkable in blizzard conditions) radius. The team here at Homewood turned their evening Manager's Reception (typically wine, beer, and light bites) into full-scale dinner for everybody - they went off-menu and cooked up whatever was quick and on hand, and made sure that glasses remained filled all around.This morning, breakfast was hoppin', but they swiftly replenished anything that ran low and swept away used plates and glasses at the speed of light. As lunch rolled around, we learned that the Hilton Garden Inn across the way (which has a restaurant and we thought would be our saving grace) would not open until dinner time, but the staff came to the rescue, finding the ONLY restaurant open (and would deliver!!!), helping us to place an order, and ensuring we'd survive... at least, until dinner was served. ;-)Special shout-outs go to Ariel (the man with the plan for lunch) and Zack (who kept beers topped off, set aside a special batch of tortellini for a colleague with a dietary restriction, and even braved the cold to assess the roads for one of us who was debating a drive). This happens to be the hotel that's closest to our company's local home base... but even if it were a little farther away, we'd still bring back our business to the stellar team here!
4	To be honest I was not looking forward to checking into this hotel, but my company booked it and asked that I stay here, so I thought I'd give it a try.  I have been a long time Marriott fan, but this hotel has definitely swayed me.  In my opinion the Homewood is every bit as nice (if not nicer) than Marriott's Residence Inn. Granted this is the only Homewood at which I have stayed, (and I have stayed at numerous Residence Inn's), so I am not ready to completely switch, but I will certainly try another Homewood Suites in the future. I have been staying here for more than 2 months now, on business, and I am very pleased with my accommodations.  The rooms are very clean and comfortable.  The staff is extremely friendly, and greets us by name (those of us who have been here for so long anyway!).  I would definitely stay here again, if I am ever back in the Charlotte are on business or pleasure.
5	This is a great property. It's clean, very friendly staff, and the rooms are fantastic. There are spacious rooms, full kitchen, big living area. The bathrooms are fully loaded with toiletries, high quality, and plenty of towels.The breakfast was delicious and there was plenty to go around. Our check-in process was smooth and the desk clerk was friendly and very helpful.If we're in the area again we would not hesitate to book this property again.
2	Two stars for air conditioning and a bed.  Ripped from my bed by the fire alarm at 5:45am. Stand outside with my fellow "guests" for 20 minutes listening to that stupid alarm with no smoke. OK given to go back in, kitchen staff is saying "We have new cook! Please give him a chance, it's OK, it's OK". Not OK :/, it is not, OK.
5	The rooms at these hotels are humongous and very clean and quiet. Each room comes equipped with a full size fridge and dishwasher, sets of small and large plates, bowls, and cutlery. There is also a dining table with two chairs. The tv is large enough to watch comfortably in bed or on the sofa. The great part about this hotel is the free buffet style breakfast. We opted for oatmeal and chocolate milk cartons, but they also had pancakes, eggs, fruit salad, several types of cereals and juices and of course coffee and tea! I would definitely stay here again and it is not far from the Charlotte Airport.
