5	I have been going to this location for TEN YEARS!!! I don't even live on this side of town anymore, but I still take my truck here for oil changes and smog checks. When I'm headed out on a long road trip, I stop by here first to have my tires and fluid levels checked (they do it for free, if you're a customer...but I always kick 'em a few bucks). The guys are great -- friendly, fast and don't try to sell you needless shit.Last time I was there, they told me my rear differential was leaking. They sent me to the Terrible's repair garage over on Flamingo & Arville, but called ahead to make sure they'd be able to see me (the repairs ended up being too much for that garage to handle, but they in turn referred me to an excellent shop). Just great service, all around.In the spring/summer, I come wearing my bikini so I can work on my tan while they work on my truck. Maybe this is why they're so quick with the dipstick! Either way, this shop is run by great guys and I highly recommend it. The only complaint is....they never have anything to read in the waiting room. So, bring your own magazines.......and bring your bikini!!!
5	I came here on a whim when I had an hour to kill. My daughter was with me and it was a Saturday morning. We drove my lil' car in and asked for an oil change. They directed us to a waiting room where there was FREE DONUTS and coffee! We were way excited about this. So... we sat in the waiting room and watched their TV screens that had advertising for their company running on a loop. The chairs were comfy and the waiting room felt more like a doctor's office than an auto maintenance shop. I believe there's Wi-Fi available too.With the oil change they gave me a free car wash of a $20 value. So after the oil was changed we drove around to the other side of the building and dropped of my car for a wash.  There was an entirely different waiting area there that was attached to their convenience store. I managed to pick up a few little snacks while I waited. We watched the car get washed through the big windows and then watched an attendant hand dry the car with a lot of detail.I live about 20 minutes away from this place. This is not my local joint. But after that experience, I'd drive the 20 minutes to give my business to this place.
1	Perfect name, Terrible. So fitting. How many times are you going to turn down business you lazy creeps?... Again I say, as a business owner I feel sorry for this owner. He shouldn't be paying people to ruin his business.
