2	Went this morning for a brunch.  Table ordered the regular omelette (ham and cheddar), french toast and sides of hash browns, bacon and fresh fruit.Omelette, hash browns and french toast were all tasty.  The bacon "side" was two small, thin strips and the fresh fruit was ordinary.I'd give the food three stars but with prices at about $9 each for the breakfast entrees, I'm knocking a star off for value.We choose Harper's because we could make a reservation and my friend needed to catch a plane so we couldn't wait for a table at any other place.  But unless I'm in a similar time crunch, I'm unlikely to choose Harper's again for a Sunday brunch.I have enjoyed lunch at Harper's previously and would do that again without hesitation.
2	Been here before and sat at the bar with some friends. Great service and good happy hour specials. This past time last week, I went here for drinks and apps with some work colleagues and sat in the bar at the high-top tables. Got there right at 6pm and asked about the happy hour specials that I had in the past. The first waiter mentioned they don't do happy specials anywhere in North Carolina? Tried to explain that I had them before and he didn't think I was correct. I understand if the specials are not in effect when I'm there, but don't try to correct me for what I know I had a few weeks prior. Anyway, moved on to order with a different server and ordered many apps. They were pretty good - had the crab dip, chips and 3 dips and calamari. All were ok, though the calamari was nice. Will go there again before 6pm or after 9pm for the "bar specials".
3	Good food for the price. Just not always the best service or quality. Nice environment & the brick oven pizzas are quick & great! Very warm & cozy but still that sports bar ambience.
4	The fare is consistent each time we go...there, of course, is a lot to be said about a high volume restuarant like this.  Its conveniently located in the mall albeit parking can be unaccomodating (this last comment is for those that have a problem simply walking a little further accross the parking lot).  I generally get a burger and the meat is consistently tasty and prepped to my request.  My wife and kid's enjoy the fairly broad menu options too.
4	I don't eat at Harpers very often, simply because it isn't very close to where I live. But when I go to Pineville I like to dine there. I like the BBQ grilled chicken sandwich with roasted vegetables. The roasted veggies aren't listed on the menu but you can just ask for them. They are the best I've ever had! I am going to work on making veggies like that for myself. So, if you go make sure to order the roasted veggies...you won't be disappointed!
4	This review is based on one meal.  I ordered the veggie burger and was impressed!  One of the best veggie burgers I have ever had at a restaurant.  It was made in-house (none of that previously frozen brand named stuff).  Great flavor!  I don't know what was in it but it was good!  I did see some black beans in the mix.  Anyway, it was huge and hand shaped like a beef burger, grilled and placed on a bun topped with sauteed mushrooms (yum!) and melted aged cheese.  It was delish!!!!!
4	This place has yet to fail me.The service is prompt, friendly and courteous, and the food has always been spot on.I want to try a few of the other specialties, but I am just hooked on the BBQ Chicken Pizza, and just can't bring myself to deny me the pleasure of such excellent food.Pictures have been provided for your viewing pleasure.NCFoodGuy
3	The food at this Harper's is as good as their South Park location; unfortunately, the service is not.Don't get me wrong.  It can be really nice to stop in here for dinner after spending a Saturday at the mall.  It smells great and the brick-and-wood decor gives it a very anti-mall feel.  As Jeff said, the food isn't healthy by any stretch of the imagination, but it's pretty dang delicious.  I am quite the fan of the classic Angus burger.  You can taste the char on the patty, but it doesn't taste burned.  This is how Adam likes his burgers, folks.However... I don't know if it's the volume of diners or merely the restaurant's employee culture, but the service is pretty unremarkable.  Your waiter will be polite; he will take your order promptly; he will bring you your food; then, he will disappear until it's time for the check.  This can be annoying when you're eating fries and need hydration.  He also might neglect to ask how you want your burger cooked, so make sure to tell him, or you'll get well-done.
4	Ate here yesterday for lunch.  I had the Ahi Tuna (yum) and my mom had the Chinese Chicken wrap with sweet potato fries.  She said the wrap was really good and refreshing. We both agreed their fries were the best we ever had.  They were hot and salted just right.
2	Came here the first time in May and the service was bad.. the food was terrible.Was dragged here a second time in July and we waited 90 minutes for our food, and i'm being generous in calling it that.  This seedy saloon only knows how to prepare greasy bar food - they just don't have the ability to prepare anything healthy.  The server gave us our appetizers for free and apologized for the problem in the kitchen.  The beer was warm..  Next time i'm going to Veto.. going to this fast food bar near the airport until they get their act together.  I would have simply ordered a salad but they all are very over-priced.
3	I'm chowing down at Harper'sIt's burning my chest-Rick RossThe food is good:  in fact, the six cheese penne, beef brisket, tuna, and wagyu burger (probably not a lot of wagyu for under $12, but I digress) are great.  We usually stop by for lunch once a month during our Carolina Place run, and we always get courteous, prompt service.So, why three stars?  Well, I don't get heartburn.  Period.  Okay, there's one exception:  Harper's.  Game day at BoA stadium with nothing but Brats and Buds for breakfast and lunch?  No problem.  Roasted tomatillo salsa with mole sauce?  Om nom nom.  Arrabiata washed down with a few Peronis?  Happiness.  A salad from Harper's?  Instant heartburn.  Six cheese penne?  PBJ sandwiches for the next two days.  Attempting to finish the brisket?  Please kill me six hours later.The food is good, but there's a price to be paid.
4	I've been to Harper's twice in the last few days and I'm in love.  I use to eat at Harper's a long time ago when it was on Woodlawn, and I gave it another chance when I was out at the mall the other night.  I had the wagyu steak burger, first time ever trying this burger and it was amazing.  I had it with the bbq baked beans, and of course fries it was just great.  So good that I ate there again this past Sunday and had the same thing just delicious oh yeah and also their tuxedo cake it was really beautiful as well..lol.  Didn't care too much for the service I got Sunday but other than that it was great.
4	This is by far our favorite restaurant anywhere close to the Carolina Place Mall. You cannot go wrong with any of the BBQ. My wife can't bring herself to order anything but the pulled pork.I love both the BBQ chicken and the pulled pork. I also really like the grilled mixed vegetables as a substitute for the sweet potato fries.
4	Harper's is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in the area. All my friends and family know to take me here if they want to put a smile on my face! The secret is to hit  it at the right time. Don't go on an overly busy day at the mall otherwise you're going to have to wait a very long time.I've always had good service here. I've carried on conversations with the waitstaff about food and where they get it from (fun fact: they get their beef from a farm in Albemarle, NC). They're always very warm and cordial to me and although the staff seems to be a bit younger than the Southpark location, I like them. The food is delicious. My favorites are definitely their burgers, chicken salads, potato soup and chili! Their sweet potato fries are also very tasty. Some of the food is a tad bit greasy as other reviews have stated but it's not an uncommon amount of grease. But as I said before, timing is everything. When it's busy be expected to wait what seems like an eternity. This would not be the place to hit up on Black Friday!
5	I really liked this place, went for a business lunch.  Everyone raved about the crab and artichoke dip and their entrees.  I had grilled salmon and it was as good as it gets. Ambience was nice and the service was efficient. I wish they had one of these in Atlanta.
4	I had the seared rare tuna and found it exellent. Would go here again! For a mall restaurant, this ain't bad at all.
4	Being near Carolina Place, it was time for a late lunch stop. The family suggested Harper's, and I had never been to this location, so I figured I'd give it a try. We were greeted by an unfriendly hostess. More on her later. The waiter introduced himself, and was an older gentleman. We got our waters and placed our order--dad and I were going to split the BBQ Chicken Pizza and Chicken Caesar Pizza, chicken fingers for the sister, and salmon for mom. Our food came out, and the BBQ Chicken pizza was pretty good! Although I'm not a huge onion fan, they weren't horrible. The Chicken Caesar pizza though? Dee-licious! Probably one of the best pizzas I've had. As I was enjoying it, I was rudely interrupted by the hostess dragging a chair across the floor. Nice touch. The lettuce on the pizza was fresh, and the garlic sauce was a winner. The cheese was more of a salad-cheese than a pizza-cheese, which I liked! Everybody else reported their food was good as well.Service was very good, I thought our waiter was a very genuine gentleman, and had a smile on his face the whole time. Thumbs up. Overall, Harper's exceeded my expectations, and I would return next time I'm near the mall.
5	I love Harper's! The atmosphere, the wood fire smell, the service and the Food are all Excellent. The Sweet Potato Fries are Addictive. I love the Streetside Taco's, the Pizza and the BBQ is fantastic! I definitely recommend Harper's to anyone!
4	This place is pretty good!  We went here for my daughter's birthday and it was great!  All of the food was above par, the service was incredibly nice and accommodating and the ambiance was low-key but classy.  She loved it completely, and if you can get a pre-teen jazzed about a restaurant then you're doing pretty good.  I find myself usually gravitating toward their specials.  Yesterday's special was a local tomato stacked with avocado and crab meat.  YUM!I will give you one warning though:  BEWARE THE COOKIES!  Harper's chocolate chunk cookies are a pure slice of heaven.  We bought a dozen for 15 bucks, which sounds pricey unless you consider the cookies are double the size in width of those two-dollar cookies you get in the mall and when they come out they are ooey and gooey and sooo warm and yummy!  The only problem with them is they are the child equivalent of fifty cups of coffee followed by a shot of pure adrenaline.  My smaller kids SHARED a cookie and bounced off the walls for the rest of the night!  Very worth the money, but WHOO BOY, the kids get hopped up on those things!  It won't stop me from getting them again though!
3	I remember when this place was new, and was actually a kind of decent restaurant...now, it seems to be kind of decent at best. I was first to arrive in my party of five, and requested a comfortable, large booth for myself and four older adults. After being briefed on the fact that my future table was   Being occupied by an employee and her food, but that it would SURELY be cleaned right away, I was ushered to an incredibly small tight horseshoe booth by the bar. Not really my definition of a comfortable seating situation for five...Service was not The best, but we were there in the awkward time between 3-4. Regardless, I would expect to not be rushed to make decisions on my lunch during downtime. One of my elderly company requested a dinner menu to compare (as we were informed dinner was served all day), and it was easy to tell why....they were practically the same menu! Maybe take one salad away, add two entrees for dinner...Started off with three dip app, the pimento cheese and salsa were spot on...artichoke dip was lukewarm and not as tasty. As my lunch I ordered the ahi salad, under the assumption (and confirmation by the server) that this would indeed be a salad. It came out on a rectangular plate- small, maybe 1"x1" chunks of "sashimi" grade seared tuna, a small side bowl of greens, and a random bowl of noodles with an attempted peanut sauce. I was a little confused as to how this could be perceived as a true salad. It was an incredibly Americanized bland representation of a tuna titake at best, with a random bowl of bland noodles. I asked for extra dressing to dip my tuna in, and I NEVER do that. To a piece of deliciously fresh fish, that would be sacrilege. My saving grace was the side of pimento Mac and cheese...which I devoured. My cohorts had burgers that looked awesome, doused with pimento cheese and onions. Clearly this was the way to have gone. Point and case. I was going on a limb by ordering asian fusion from Harpers, but Do not order the ahi salad if you too appreciate the value and taste  of sashimi grade fish. You will be disappointed at the cost of $17. I'd reccommend going for the cheaper and much more appetizing looking burger, and a more comfortable table.
4	The Two Hearted Ale is great.
5	My husband and I moved to Pennsylvania over two years ago, but we still have regular cravings for Harper's! It was our favorite restaurant when we lived in the Charlotte area! My two favorite things on the menu are the BBQ Chicken Pizza and the Pimento Mac & Cheese, though absolutely everything we have had there is delicious. We drive home to Florida every Christmas, and last year, mid-way through a 16 hour drive, we stopped at Harper's for dinner. It's just THAT good!
5	I have had the occasion to eat at Harper's Southpark several times in my life. It was good but not over the top, gotta get me to my YELP account good. Yesterday we had lunch at the Carolina Place Mall location and it was a Get to My Yelp Account visit. To start, you gotta love the smokey smell as you walk in. It sets the mood for a comfy well cooked meal. This can backfire for a biz if the food doesn't live up to the ambiance set up by the smell. NO probs there!We were seated immediately as it was just at the beginning of lunch and lots of folks were still in church. Our waitress (I wish I had thought to get her name) was there quickly and was super friendly and helpful. I got the Streetside taco's, 2 brisket and one chicken. (Not a fan of fish taco's but they also were available) They came on 6 inch flour tortilla's and were packed! I seriously enjoyed the chicken one and the brisket one's were close behind. Even my not being a slaw guy, they had the slaw, brisket and cheese and the contrast in flavors and textures made me giggly! I, as always, ordered jlapeno's and hot sauce, to compliment them and it was delightful. I got a loaded baked tater for a side and was PACKED full by the end of the meal. My wife decided on the 6 cheese penne pasta. I scouted the room while we were looking at the menu's and it looked delish. To the point, it was! I could only see the slight lack of salt as a minor prob, but that is easily remedied. I got several forkfuls because, like the taco's it was a serious portion of food.My little girl got the chicken fingers and had to fight off the roaming fingers of her old man who ws trying his best to get a second bite. Light and crispy so you could really taste the chicken but enjoy the flavor of the herby coating. We were shocked when our waitress told us that a lot of families send them back because their kids are happier with a McD's style nugget! WRONG!! BAD PARENTS!!!! My son was so taken with them , he ordered a kids size chicken fingers to go along with his adult sized buttered penne pasta (which BTW, had some serious fresh ground and flaked parm cheese on it, I thought his head would burst!)I do have one con to report but it is not a deal breaker for me, just a pet peeve I have about food delivery. Harper's (at least this location) is not a tray place.  That is to say that the food (ours and every table's food) was delivered by hand by the servers and runners. This can be a nice touch but as a restaurant gets busier during shift, the availability of help gets thinner. We got to see servers carrying several plates at a time and having to base the plate closest to their body against their body. Several of the lady servers had the plates jacked up under their boob for stability. Now I am all for boob food, but maybe in a more  intimate setting! I find nothing wrong with a server bringing a tray to the table for service. I did notice that drinks could be trayed but during our meal, no food on trays. Just a note, really and I wanted to say boob-food!We will go back when we are in the area.
4	I'm usually wary of restaurants attached to malls, but this place was a pleasant surprise. The smell alone is enough to get you in the door, and once you're in they don't disappoint. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and I was surprised at how tasty it was. This seemed like more of a steakhouse/casual dining place but they came through on the barbecue. The only suggestion I'd make would be a better selection of sauces (the "eastern style" bbq sauce wasn't much different from the vinegar you'd put on a salad). I shall return.
3	Love the food, but either a) they don't do take-out...which this site and theirs says they do or b) they never answer the phones (I've tried multiple times without success)
4	Lunch was good. OK prices and my client enjoyed theirs as well.
4	atmosphere is awesome. food is great. (i do miss there old menu). Great place to get a quick eat at the mall that isnt mall food!
4	Excellent lunch today at Harper's!  I am a longtime Harper's customer, dating back from when they were at the corner of Old Pineville and Woodlawn as that was relatively close to my office.  I was mucho unhappy when they closed that location.  Alas, on days I am willing to battle the newly jacked up 485 and take a little longer lunch, I can come over to Carolina Place mall and enjoy a nice meal.Located kind of around the back of the mall, between Barnes & Noble and REI, this is a very nice location.  Lots of dark wood and "ambiance" (re: dim lighting), this is a relatively quiet location even for it's size, save the occasional screaming child.  As a table for 1 today, I was seated in a comfortable booth in the bar area and my server was the bartender.  She was friendly and efficient, but I am pretty low maintenance except for drink refills.   The food:I ordered the BBQ sandwich, which comes with cole slaw, pickles and your choice of either eastern or western sauce, and it came to the table very quickly.  I chose western sauce and it was not overly sweet and had a slight kick to it.  I picked the pickles off of the sandwich and ate them separately -good pickles with a good crunch.  The BBQ was well prepared with no fatty or overly porky pieces in it, the bun held together well for the amount of moisture it was supporting and the chunky cole slaw tested fresh and not too mayo-y.  The fries were hot and tender on the inside while being slightly crispy on the outside.  Ketchup is not on the table, so ask for it if you need some.  I was in and out in 30 minutes.  The staff (hostess, bartender/waitress and food runner) were all polite and efficient.  The food was very good.  I will definitely return.
3	3.5 only because I need more variety on the menu with me being a Pescatarian (Seafood/ Water Animals only for meat).My family and I have been to Harpers a total of 4 times now, it's NOT the restaurant we say "Okay let's go out to eat, where should we go, I know HARPERS" . Harpers is that place we end up at if the Mr. and I are dragged to Carolina Place mall by our little one. She MUST go to that mall because it's the only one we have found in Charlotte that has a Forever 21. One item that you can't go wrong with is the Baja Fish Tacos on Corn tortilla, the salsa is sooooo GOOD. We end up dipping our fries in the salsa if we are eating fries due to the taste. My daughter ALWAYS get the chicken tenders and my husband ALWAYS take one, the chicken tenders put you in the mindset of Houston's restaurant chicken tenders. I believe Harpers may be owned by the same restaurant group as my daughter and husband are chicken tender connoisseurs and they feel that they are TOO SIMILAR so they must have the same recipe (owner). This more recent trip they had a Fish sandwich special of the day "Blacken Salmon BLT" not sure why EVERY restaurant in Charlotte like to wrap pork around everything or add it to everything but that's the case and I'm over my soap box. I ordered the Blacken Salmon BLT MINUS the BACON, it was pretty awesome tasting. I have no complaints. It came out on a whole grain toasted bun and the tartar sauce was extremely fresh and tasty. I had a backed sweet potato on the side MINUS the brown sugar and cinnamon, it was cooked to perfection and I enjoyed it to the fullest. If in Carolina Place Mall and you don't want to eat Food Court Food, check out Harpers especially if you eat all types of meat (you will have a variety of options).
3	Oh, Harper's, your dinner tonight lost you a *star* - both in rating and patronage - it will be a while before I return.  Ordering the BBQ combo with ribs, beef brisket and pulled pork, which is served with fries ($19), I was hoping for the smoky deliciousness that I could smell after exiting Barnes and Noble next door (which convinced me to stop at Harper's instead of going to Peckers for wings).  The meal arrived and holy moly - that is a lot of meat (that's what she said).  I was pretty darn excited until I started actually eating.  The ribs were dry - and I don't mean dry rub with no sauce, I mean dry as in no moisture.  The pulled pork was also dry and the tiny cup of BBQ sauce that was provided wasn't going to help that out.  The beef brisket was moist, but a little too fatty - the brisket was my favorite of the mediocre trio.  Fries were fries, a little limp but I may have only had 10, not a big fan of fries.  Cole slaw tasted fresh and crunchy, quite good.  Total tab was a little over $20 before tip.  I don't feel I got a $20 value from my meal, for 1/2 of that I could have gotten 10 delicious wings from Peckers and for a few dollars more I could have gotten a juicy prime rib from Firebirds.  Overall, I have always enjoyed my meals from Harper's, but I will stick to burgers and that type of food if I return, their BBQ combo leaves a lot to be desired.
3	So so, the barbecue was not anything to write home about and the fish tacos were ok. If your starving at the mall, not a bad choice. Service was pretty good. Another chain joint with chain joint food.
5	I don't usually give five star reviews, but this place really went out of their way to treat us well at lunch.  I wasn't expecting much from a place connected to a mall, but the menu was diverse and the beer selections were excellent.  We started with the cajun calamari which was good and then the large and fresh entree salads were brought out.I ordered a pizza which was brought out by the manager who said it was too burnt for their standards, so we could have it if we wanted it and they were remaking the pizza.  How often does a restaurant have enough integrity to fix a mistake before the customer even asks?  They brought the second pizza later and it was top notch.Sam Adams Cherry Wheat on draft, a good pizza, and superior service.  A winning combination!
3	Food was alright. Cosy ambiance.
3	Lunch was ok. I have the Baja fish soft tacos. I wasn't really impressed. Didn't even finish it. Price is higher for what we call lunch. Waitress wasn't as tentative as we would like. Hope its just an off day.
4	Showed up at this place around 8pm after flying in from San Diego. (long flight). This place was just what i needed. Not loud, comfortable setting. They had a few good IPAs that we're local yet drinkable. I had the grilled Canadian Salmon with veg. Excellent ! Salmon was grilled to order. I had mine med. rare. I recommend it this way. Think i'll go back tonight & try something new. Ya, it's that good. Might come back & rate it 5 stars !
4	Spent a rainy Saturday afternoon shopping and decided to hit Harper's for lunch. They were slammed so there was a brief wait before we were seated. The service was impressive. I'm pretty sure the waiter thought I was going to be high maintenance because as soon as he brought my Diet Coke in a short tumbler I stopped him before he left and said, "Just so you know, I drink like a fish. Do you have any larger glasses to save you some trips?" He said they didn't, but that he'd bring me two smaller glasses at a time. He kept up with me and the litter of tumblers that accrued over the course of our meal. I can't imagine though, why they insist on serving sodas in tiny little tumbler glasses.The food was good. I ordered the chopped chef salad with chicken. The menu said it came with avocado, but it did not. Still, it was quite tasty.The bill for 1 beer, my soda, 1 app and 2 dinner salads came out to roughly $45. Decent, although a little pricey for lunch. Good restaurant, we'll visit again I'm sure.
5	We go to Harpers pretty much every week. They have wonderful wait staff and friendly managers that we know by name. Most importantly their food is delicious. Some of our favorites include...Dipping TrioParmesan Truffle Fries Sweet Potato FriesChicken SupremesAny and all of their pizzas and salads Pimento Burger (or pimento anything for that matter)...I could go on, but I'm getting hungry. Anyway, our family loves Harpers and we will always be devoted customers!
4	I love this Harpers.  The location is convenient and I was already in the area dropping off my ring, so I met a friend for a day beer and lunch.  It was snowing outside and this location is just a comfortable vibe.  The bar is a nice size and has many cocktail tables for easy seating.  The dining room is decent sized and has a number of large circular booths, which are really nice.  For lunch I had the steak salad.  It was a bit pricier for a lunch salad, but I figured I would give it a shot.  It was a little bland for my liking and didn't have enough toppings to justify 15 dollars.  The lettuce was almost grated, which made it really easy for eating, but the lettuce to steak/mushroom ratio was way out of proportion.  My friend had the hummus and a side of the garlic parm fries, which were amazing.  Next time, I want to try that BBQ Chicken pizza everyone has mentioned!  Overall a good little spot for a cozy comfy dinner/lunch.  The service was great.  Next time your in ask for Laura!  She is an amazing server who goes above and beyond for a great guest experience.  Overall a nice little spot to dine anytime of day with great service.
4	Barbecue sampler was fantastic. They served it with coleslaw and two types of sauce. Highly recommend you try this plate. 3 choices of meats.
3	This place was OK, nothing too different than what you would find at a local Applebee's or TGIF. Service was good, food was good,just nothing to drive out of your way to get to. What I did order was the blue cheese burger which was very good if you are looking for a recommendation for something to eat. Otherwise, if you're at the mall and you want a decent sit down place, this is a good spot
4	Solid 3.5 star effort.Hungry for a healthy meal (I've been a bad boy lately....spank me!), I was at the Pineville Mall and opted to skip the fast food court in favor of Harpers. Got the wood roasted half chicken with spinach (skipping the normal loaded baked potato) and it hit the spot.  Nice thyme seasoning though a tad salty. But it was a healthy alternative to cheese, burgers and fat!So I left happy......maybe the Auzzie Shiraz had something to do with that. :-)
5	The Chicago pizza is our favorite pizza of any place ever. The sausage is house made with fennel, the onions are carmelized and it is a super thin crust from a woodfired oven. I can't believe that the review that said this place was like Applebee's. No way. Not even close. The environment is wood and stone, warm and inviting with a separate bar area where you can also order food. Adequate beer and wine options and good specials every day. Convenient location and one of our favorite places in Charlotte.
3	I went here on a whim with two friends while we did some last minute shopping at Carolina Place. It is pretty much the only restaurant walkable from the mall. We had a hard time deciding what to get because the menu is rather limited. We started out with the crab and artichoke dip. It was an alright dip but it came with things to dip in that were kind of weird. We couldn't decide if they were supposed to be pita or chips. They had a weird floppy tasteless consistency. My friends got the tacos and I got the fajitas. The fajitas were kind of disappointing. They were on par with what you get a Chili's. The tacos were the same. Essentially this is a dressed up Chili's, but with a little higher price points.It appears that they change their menu seasonally. They should expand their options and improve their recipes instead of changing.Service was excellent. Environment- very dark and dim.
3	Have dined at Harpers many times at both the Woodlawn Rd location and also the SouthPark location.  I haven't been in a few years and was down near Carolina Place Mall and looking for a good, casual meal.  I saw the Harpers and based on good memories from visits to previous locations decided to dine there.  Walking in the traditional wood fired grill gave me pleasant reminders as the scent of hickory filled the air.  We sat down in a comfortable booth and began looking over the menu.  I was open to new items as I was sure things had changed but have to say I was a bit disappointed to see that Harpers seems to be letting others lead.  Most of their menu items looked like things other restaurants have innovated.  There were a couple of promising looking items (but they did not include the $17 farm raised salmon).  I decided to go with the crispy chicken sandwich.  Harpers used to have an amazing chicken sandwich with a simple but good bun and a tasty dijon mustard sauce.  My companion went with the artisan pizza (flatbread) with bacon cheeseburger.  He loved it and he also loved the tomato bisque.  My chicken sandwich was nothing special.  It was OK but it was dripping wet and the chicken was kinda room temperature.  Slaw on a sandwich is OK but it shouldn't be sopping wet.  And side from the hint of jalapeno, there just wasn't any flavor.  Texture was pretty bland as well.  The slaw was wet but not crisp.  The bread was OK but not remarkable.  The chicken was competently cooked but not hot.  The fries came in hot but were a mix of crispy and soggy.  Some seemed like they had been overcooked but were crispy.  Others were soft and saturated with oil as if they had been dumped in when the oil was well below temperature.  We had discussed getting dessert there versus going someplace and getting a whole cheesecake, pie, etc and simply taking it home.  However, I remembered the deep dish apple cobbler so we decided to share one.It took a very long time to get the cobbler and I though that perhaps it had been freshly made and they were simply waiting on it to be thoroughly cooked.  One bite told me that the cobbler (which was still pretty flavorful) was at least a day old and had simply been re-heated.  The breading was soft and saturated with no hint of crispness or crunch.  There was plenty of cinnamon and sugar.  I also ran across a couple of apple slices.  However, this seemed a bit short of my memories of hot and fresh cobbler I had had numerous times before.  On the whole it was a poor substitute for something that used to be a signature dessert.  Given a $38 bill with tip for myself and my son I won't be hurrying back.  I'm sure a couple of soft drinks would have pushed us into the $42 range and that's simply to much for an "OK" lunch for two.
4	Got the trio nacho appetizer, loved the spinach dip! Also decided to split a bottle with a friend. The service was amazing! Not only the waitress, but the hostess as well.  Very welcomind and I will be back at this location soon! !
3	I was going to write great place to have some drinks but then I remembered that the bar girl is horrible and you need to call her every time. also the menu is very limited. if you go in for lunch and eat at the bar. the bar food is half price.
4	Nicer than the usual casual dining places and easy since it's connected to Carolina Place. They had a NY Strip special and I knew they cook on hickory wood so I gave it a try and it was great. Most items are reasonably priced and the dining area has a nice ambiance. I've got a place to eat at the mall now since Tony Roma's closed (RIP delicious ribs and bread).
5	Loved my fried chicken and honey buttered biscuitswith cheesey grits plus with extra side of fruit. My iced tea was good as well. I can smell the smoked wood outside the building and could smell the steaks as well on the grill. Very flavorful aromas.  Everyone's dish was looking right down to the Brownie with chocolate sauce and ice cream. Wow. Yes I will be going back.
4	This is the only port in a mall storm....on this side of town. But I do love their food and service.  The salmon with grilled veggies delish.  Always a fan of Harper Group.
