5	My two children, (9 months and 3 years) go to the day care.  We have gone to different day cares in the area (UNLV) and others for a time and this is by far our favorite.  Many of the care givers have been there a long time because they love the kids.  It is a small atmosphere, and my children have really bonded with their class teachers.  They have freeflow where the kids can play inside or out depending on what they wish- which my son loves because he gets lots of time to play outside and get dirty.  He generally comes home with lots of sand in his pockets and shoes and hair, and happy as can be!!Every day as we're leaving my son gets his gummy bear from the wonderful director.  It is a tradition that he really looks forward to.  And he's learning his colors when he picks which color he wants.   I don't know what I'd do without this place, they are all so wonderful!!!  They have used positive methods to deal with difficult child behavior (like helping my son to give a high five rather than hit when he is frustrated).Also, my son has learned how to blow his nose, his abc's, and just blows me away with what he comes home knowing-- and he is so proud of what he can do too!In the baby room they do not use swings or bouncers or exersaucers.  They are in tune with your baby's abilities and allow them to explore at their own ability level.
5	This center is GREAT!  Amy and Margarita love the kids and are always very involved.  My 15 month old daughter is always excited to go there and can't wait to get out of the car in the morning!  That tells you how great it is!  Also she rolled over, crawled and walked early because of their actions and standards.  The kids are never in swings and just given bottles.  Either the staff is playing with them or the kids are crawling around together.  They don't use any swings, bouncy seats or anything else.  It's 100% interaction all the time.  Can't recommend them enough.
5	when i set out to look for my daycare after my last child was born i knew he had to be at a daycare that could love him and give him the attention he needs. Due to disabilities i knew this would be a challenge but i knew my sons happiness and safety is all  that matters.i walked in to the development center and was greeted by margarita she was very warm and caring for the children. I was shown around the class rooms witch were very clean and full of projects from the children. every teacher was kind and loving towards all the kids and tended to all their needs.Well as luck would have it im proud to say my son has been apart of this family for over a year and we dont plan to leave! Amy is the director and she has told us we are welcome as long as we like! my son loves giving her hugs and blowing kisses, she really is a great lady. I recommend this child development center as five stars!
5	My daughter has been going to the Child Development Center for 3 years now.  I would NEVER think about going anywhere else.  Staff has become family- as matter of fact when I recently had back surgery my daughter stayed with her teacher, FOR FOUR DAYS- over the weekend!!  She has had the same primary teacher since she was 3 months old.  They do what is called "looping" - which is when you child basically takes their teacher with them as they move up through the classes.  My daughter has had many of the same friends since she was 3 months old also.  Kids don't leave much.  Usually daycares are fairly transient- in both kids and teachers.  I have seen minimal turnover in the staff (which speaks volumes) and very little in the children also.  As matter of fact most kids only leave for kindergarten or if the family is moving out of state!  I absolutely love everyone there and couldn't be happier with my daughters care.
