2	The work out itself is good! With that said, if you are looking for an experience worth the price they charge keep in mind that the staff can be rude, unhelpful, and unresponsive to issues (in my opinion that is not the best atmosphere to reach fitness goals). They nickel and dime you at every turn. From the sign-up date, to missed classes ($10 fees, they should be lower and they should allow a shorter window to cancel classes), to canceling your membership (it is like trying to cancel something you bought off an infomercial, they just keep charging).
5	I Love Orange Theory Fitness.  The trainers, Roman, Swoosh and Brave  are helpful and watch to be sure you are doing the exercises correctly and push you to work hard.  I have not had a problem scheduling or rescheduling an appointment.  You have to be responsible for yourself and if you make a commitment to be there, be there!  Others might be waiting for your spot, so it is just considerate to give 24 hours notice if you can't make it. I am feeling better about my over all health and wellness since starting with Orange Theory.  Being a 43 year old woman, working out is not about "getting a hot bod" anymore, its about being healthy
5	On Spring Break I needed to find an intense workout that was similar to my current pre-Tough Mudder training at home. I decided to try OTF after hearing about it from a friend, and it turned out to be an awesome experience. I like the fact that I could drop-in at my desired times with no scheduling issues.  The staff is super friendly/informative and I really enjoyed the instructors (Roman and Jesse) and their instruction styles.  While I am used to the tread and weights, it was the rowing machines that fascinated me and pushed my limits every time!
2	When me and my friend first started at OTF- WE LOVED IT! The energy from the class and from some of the trainers was not what we had experienced at other gyms. Then it slowly started going downhill as we attended more and more. When we first started, we were able to put our bags behind the desk because the lockers couldn't hold more than a pair of shoes. Then one day we came in and they had installed a board where you could no longer go behind to the desk to store your stuff. When we asked one of the ladies behind the counter if new lockers were going to be installed to fit our gym bags, she shrugged her shoulders and said no and that we would just have to store our stuff in our cars.  We came from work everyday so they wanted us to change, go out to our cars and put our stuff away and then come back. Do they not understand security in that? People watch cars to see what owners do and they could be watching us go outside everyday to put our bags away. Brave, the manager at Dana Park, should not be the manager; period the end. She is incredibly rude. My friend couldn't make it one day because she was stuck at work so she called and Brave picked up the phone. She was asking if she would be charged since it wasn't her fault that she was caught at work and Brave made up some story about how she would have to contact Corporate to see if they could waive the $10 late cancellation charge. Uh okay, Brave. Which by the way isn't even her real name. Most of the trainers there have fake names because they think it is clever and funny. There were a couple trainers that I did enjoy taking classes from like Jason, Chael, and Jesse.The room is also very small and everyone was always sweaty and running into each other. Also, some days it feels like a daycare due to children waiting for their parents in the small front entrance. They do not have childcare services and don't expect the gals behind the desk to be any type of help at all.To say the least, I will stay with OTF but will be trying a new location.
5	I've definitely drank the orange kool aid... I LOVE this place!!! (I never, in a million years, thought I would say that about a gym).  I mean, I actually look forward to working out at 6 am~WHAT?!?  Why do I love OTF so much you say?  It has all the components to keep you motivated: upbeat music, a different class each day and last but definitely not least THE TRAINERS make this place.  They are all knowledgeable, friendly, uplifting and fun.  I've taken classes with C-Train, Roman, Jason, Rick, Coral, Brave, Jesse, Swoosh, Tory.  Yes, I would recommend taking any of their classes.  Warning: this place is highly addicting!
