4	Have you ever had a craving for some good mexican food? like not commercial mex but homemade tasting mexican food? Well just like Rachel Ray and Sam the Cooking Guy - you too CAN cook - with help from this meat market. MEAT: I love mexican meat markets b/c they flavor their meats w/ just the right amt of seasoning/flavor and dont bulk up on just veggies like the local grocery stores do. We decided one night instead of forking out $20/perso for fajitas we'd head down to our local "carnicera" or meat market and buy some beef fajita meat for under $3.49/lb.Really? heck you cant even get lean ground beef @ walmart for that cheap! I got 1.5 lbs. and made 2 meals out of this. (I also got an extra green bell pepper b/c they load you up with meat and skimp on the red/green/yellow peppers which like I said the opposite is ususally the norm. Grabbed some cilantro, lime and some corn tortillas oh and most important: they have RED SALSA in the right front portion of the store w/ the cheeses area. OMG so good. $3.99 was the most expensive thing I bought and we ate it like soup it was soo good. They also sell chicken fajita meat among a whole row of various types of meats and fish but I cant stop buying the beef fajita meat.  SALSA: They have green and red salsas and pico de gallo if u like that sort of thing. All those authentic mexican cheeses like cotija and cremas that are delish. DESSERT: they have lots of different types of pan dulce (mexican pastries) but they dont have pumpkin empanadas. Boo. They do have pina (pineapple) and guava and I think Vanilla or cream. And sometimes they have the little piggies but last time I went they were sold out. I guess they go fast. READY-TO-EAT FOOD: they also have food to go thats already prepared in the bk of the store. Ive never gotten this but It looks good. COMPARISON: LAST TIME I went to Albertsons and saw they had 2lbs of meat for $10 which included the chicken and all the cut up bell pepper and onions - which ill tell u half of it was veggies. For $10 you can get 3 lbs of it and its 85% more meat than veggies in the Los compadres store. Its a no-brainer to feed a large family or even portion it out for smaller families. Grab urself a can of refried or black beans and you have urself a feast!
4	well let me say I have to give this place 4.5 stars.. Sunday morning we woke up needing a little lift me up. aka Menudo para el crudo. I was hesitant b/c I didnt want to eat it and if I didnt like it it would damage my image of this place. however. i was so surprised. this menudo is now on top 2 of my list so far for Las vegas. The only thing they needed to do is add hominy, but I can live without the extra carbs b/c the flavor is soo good and they even throw in the red pepper flakes and mexican oregano in a to-go cup. along with your standard limes, cilantro and onion. Unfortunately I do not eat onion and had to throw that lovely care pkg away. I hate waste but there was onion juice literally seeping out. Nope, none for me thanks. My bf also ordered some kind of beef with peppers in a chile sauce. Yum that was good but that was $6.50 for a little pkg. The menudo was a much better buy @ 5.99 for a quart and we both ate for $6. you cant beat that. he also got half a quart of beans for $1 but the beans were very runny. you're better off buying a can for $1. We also bought pan dulce - the little piggies. OMG so good and fresh. I love this place and I feel so mexican when I go here.. makes me feel closer to my roots or something. I gotta say the red chile (salsa) they sell is so good I eat it like soup with my food. its a must try. one day I'll try the green one.. if I can ever stop eating the red one. whatever you do, dont buy chips b/c then it will all be gone before you get to the main course.
5	My husband is Salvadorian and I like to make dishes that remind him of home. So I was on a mission to make salpicon. I walked in to Los Compadres and was not sure what cut of meat to get. And I was a little nervous because my Spanish is not very good. I told the butcher "I think I need a pound of the flank steak." And he asked me what I was making and I told him. He said "Yeah, that is the perfect choice for that dish." He was so helpful. Then I wandered back to the baked goods section. And they had Salvadorian quesadilla! Wow! So I definitely grabbed some of that. They also sold the Salvi creama! Bonus! I took all my treasures home and my husband was so surprised and happy. This is my new market!
4	Small grocery store with all of my favorite meats for the grill. I come for for the chicken and Carne asada. They are very friendly and helpful when it comes to finding out about a product and speak excellent English. There is also a kitchen in the back that serves  hot meals. I stop here for beans and rice to make my meal that much easier to prepare. I make sure to grab a few tamales for the road. Don't pass up the deserts! Their Tres Leches is so good and very moist. another must have from this store.
3	The marinated chicken was really good, but the carne (diezmillo), was really fatty in my opinion. Good marinade, and same flavor, as the west side location, which we've frequented for years, but the quality of the meat was definitely on the lower side.They didn't seem to have as much of a selection of pastries, meats or produce at this location. Maybe it's due to only having been there once but I do prefer our tried and true location on Decatur, as compared to this one.However, I will be going back in the future and hope to improve on my first impression.
4	Picked up some carne just a day ago and it was outstanding! Flavorful marinade, nice cuts and our entire crew loved it. Keep up the good work!
