5	Straightforward and easy to use.  The circuit is perfect for a quick workout.  Lots of cardio machines and a large free weight area.  It is an unpretentious gym and i love it!
5	Great little gym! I like it because its close to home and I can go to other youfits with my lime card and workout with friends and family. The equipment is always super clean, the staff is friendly... What more can you ask for???
5	Just signed up at this location and LOVE it! The staff is very nice and I've never had an issue getting on the machine I want. The place is very clean all around and it offers a non-threatening environment for those who are trying to get back into shape. I look forward to going in and working out every day!
2	First of all let me say the place is clean and the staff is very nice.My wife and I both joined a year ago and signed up our daughter as well.I thought it was weird that they took out 3 separate payments each month instead of one payment for the 3 of us but now I understand why.My wife and I haven't used our membership for months so we went in to close it out and found out there is a $25 fee for canceling the membership, and it is not just one fee, it is $25 per person. So I had to pay $50 to cancel a membership that neither my wife or I have used for months.I am VERY upset. If you read many review sites you will see I will be re-posting this everywhere.
5	I am really happy with this gym.  They have every piece of equipment I could want, and enough of everything that I rarely have to wait for anything. The staff had also been very friendly. You can't beat the price.
1	Beyond aggravated right now.  Buyer beware - your membership is NOT what it seems to be.  They up your membership fee with no warning & when you try to cancel they charge a "processing" fee.  So much for convenience & not paying for more than you need.
1	Good equipment, cheap per month until you get hit with fees.1. $10 a month plus an annual fee2. No cancelation fee, but $25 fee to enter the cancelation in the computer.3. Canceled by phone (since I have been traveling so much) and they said that was not good enough.4. Mailed a nice cancelation letter and then they called.5. She was holding the letter in her had when she told me the policy is to receive it certified only, but she will talk with her manager. Manger agreed they would cancel but I have to pay the $25 cancelation fee.6. Fine I will pay it, but make this go away.7.The policy is not to charge my credit card that is on file for the $25, I have to go in and pay the $25.8. Fine, I will have someone stop by and pay the fee. No it has to be me. Even though I can't get there.9. Can I send a check, only if it is certified mail.I hate when companies tell me all about their policy and don't treat you like a customer. I was planning on joining again if my travel was reduced. Now I have to find a way to get back there before they bill me again, for not sending them a certified letter with a check.
5	I have been going to this gym for a few months now.  It is always super clean, I have never had to wait for equipment, and the staff is friendly and helpful.  If you are looking for a low-cost gym to join, I highly recommend this one.  If you need a swimming pool, sauna, showers, or childcare at your gym, then this place would not be right for you.To avoid any hassles that are typically found at gyms with monthly drafts and cancellation policies, I just paid up front for a one year membership and didn't have to give my bank account or credit card info for future charges.
2	I signed my 80 year old mom up for this gym because it's so flippin hot out there's no way we can walk outside so unthought this would be a good variety.  Well we ending up wanting to cancel and move to another gym that was way closer to her.  She was a 'member' for a whole 3 weeks, only went twice.  They still insisted in charging one more month of fees PLUS a $10 processing fee!!!!! She was not even a member for a month.  She should have NOT been charged.  Their policy sucks!  So now she needs to pay another $20 when she won't even be using the gym.  NOT COOL!  Glad we changed gyms!
