4	I shop here often and frequently, for a variety of different reasons.  For starters, its really close to my home.  Secondly, they have a bank of America branch located inside of the store, and thirdly, I like it here.  They have a great selection of products, and the prices to choose from.They have a full service meat department, deli, hot foods counter, produce, along with all the traditional grocery items you would need. They do the VIP card thing, and I use mine and have gotten several good deals by using it.  The customer service here is great, and the staff is alway friendly and helpful when I may need it.There are a few things that I disliked, thus the 4 star review.  For starters, I wish they had more of the deli selections that I like.  I find that some of the stuff that they offer I do not eat, or am just not interested in eating.  They also don't seem to "mix it up" with offering more variety to the case as well.   That would make a huge difference to me.The other thing that I disliked was I think they carry to much "other stuff." I don't get that.  They have a toy section, patio furniture, and other stuff that I think could be used for more shelf space for food.  I want food when I go to the grocery store...not a new patio set.Otherwise then that, the place has great hours, friendly staff, and most everything you would need for eating at home.
5	This is the Rolls Royce of all Fry's Marketplace stores. I've been shopping Fry's or its sister/brother stores for more than a decade. This is the best store that I have been to in the chain. The parking was easy. I was promptly greeted by a door greeter and since this was my first time in this particular store, he was also very helpful in pointing out where I should head to for things I needed. The aisles are spacious and roomy. This store might actually be really good for those of you who are claustrophobic. The cashier who checked me out was super friendly. Very cheerful.
5	Your one-stop shopping center for food, booze, school supplies, kitchen basics, some household goods like stools and picture frames, ASU clothes, and drug-store necessities.  The people working here are so friendly!  Everytime I go shopping, there is a greeter who says hello and usually offers an ad if I'm not already carrying one.  Every employee I come across while shopping also says hello and asks if I need any help finding anything.  The store is clean, the prices are always right, and if they're not, they'll match a cheaper price.  They also discount you for each eco-bag you bring and use, so be sure to bring a few!  (and be sure to mention it.  sometimes, they forget to punch it in.)Also, if you're new to town, be sure to stop by the customer service desk to get a VIP card (for free) before you start shopping so you can get all your stuff for the VIP price.
5	I love this grocery store. Nice, friendly staff and a large selection of everything. Three things to note:1. The beer section is fabulous. They stock my favorite beer from the midwest and I swear I am the only person who ever buys it there.2. Their made-to-order cakes are fantastic. Go for a lemon filling. So amazing!3. Bonus having an attached Blockbuster, just in case you are in between Netflix discs.I have a had a few problems at this store (like the time the bag boy turned my custom birthday cake on its side to get it in a bag!) but they have made up for it every time with their stellar customer service.
1	This review is only for the seafood department in the store.I'm not an idiot, I realize that trying to buy fresh seafood in the Phoenix area is not one of the greatest ideas one could have, but I live in Boston and make my living as a fish monger/fish cook.  So I know about fish, and my family was hoping that i would cook for them while I'm out here.This place was a fail as soon as I walked to the counter.  The shell fish were all kept on plates above the ice and I noticed that several mussels and clams had already opened.Not only should shell fish be kept directly on ice, part way buried in the stuff is best, and if you loose a few in the process of the day you take them out of the case and dispose of the them.  Not leave them out for everyone to see that your not keeping your seafood cold and just letting it go south.  You may as well keep it out side in the trunk of your car.  Spoiled seafood is spoiled seafood.  I don't care if you do put it on a shiny platter and put a "sale" sticker on it.I ended up having to make do with some frozen flounder, I brought them home and thawed them out, only to find they were SATURATED with water, I actually had to hold them over the sink and gently squeeze water out of them.  In the years I've worked with all manner of fish, I've never actually had wring a fish dry like it was some sort of towel.   Honest to god, I twisted the ends until the fillets started to curl, then they started realizing an truly unusual amount of fluids.  It was disgusting.
4	This has become my grocery store of choice mostly because it is close to my home but also it has everything I could possibly need in one place and I love that. I think the other reviewers have pretty much told you everything there is to know about this store with a couple exceptions. First thing a lot of people may not know is that this is a great place to buy wine. They frequently have different bottles on promotion so you can save a few bucks and occasionally will have blow out sales where every bottle is 20 or 30 percent off. This weekend for Mother's Day they even did 40 percent off. I know a lot of people go to Trader Joe's for cheap wine but when you compare prices apples to apples you can get better quality for the same price at Fry's if you just get what's on sale that week. Also, at any time if you buy six or more bottles (mix and match different different types) you can get ten percent off all of them regardless if they are on sale or not. Unfortunately, though they have a wide variety options, the wine aisles are poorly organized and labeled so it can be frustrating if you are looking for something specific. However, if you just want to pick up a few low or mid-priced bottles for a dinner party and are not picky then you can get a great deal without having to make a special trip to a discount wine store. The second thing not mentioned in the reviews but is a great feature of this Fry's is that it now has a gas station. This means you can save 10 cents a gallon every time you fill up if you swipe your Fry's club card or key in your phone number. It really makes a difference now with the gas prices so high. And even though you save just as much as at Costco, there are never long lines at the pump or any of that craziness. And you can just fill up on the way to doing your shopping. Again, a one stop shop. Perfect.
5	I consider this MY store :) I have been shopping at frys since my family moved here when i was a kid in 86'. I have been a loyal customer because their prices seem to be the lowest, and the quality pretty dang good. So needles to say I have shopped at probably 20 different Fry's in the valley in my lifetime. I can honestly say that this store is by far my #1 favorite! The customer service here is unbeatable. From the person who greats you at the door and offers you an add, the guys in the produce department, the friendly smiles behind the deli counter, the butcher is amazing and will special cut/grind anything you need, and the smiling clerks in the checkout line who are ALWAYS happy to take my coupons. I am going to be so sad when we have to move away. If I could give more stars I would!
5	Went to this place twice a week. No kidding. From shop for babies food until tamales hunting or just buying fresh flowers for co-worker birthday. I love it!
4	I visited this store for the first time yesterday, shopping for some patio furniture as a birthday gift.  I was ably assisted in my shopping by Sylvia, the home department manager, and another employee whose name I didn't get.  When I couldn't find two lounges of the same type, they spent a lot of time on the phone to other locations searching for the style I wanted. I finally settled on two "relaxer" chairs at that store.  Throughout the process, Sylvia and the other employee were consistently friendly and efficient.  Great customer service.
4	If you are breaking down large amts of meat for freezing, Fry's sells freezer paper.  No luck at Target, Walmart, Costco, Bashas (where I try to do most of my grocery shopping in some effort to support local)...PS.  The butterscotch muffin in the bakery section is sugar high good.
5	Cleanest and best Fry's in the east valley, I wish the rest of them would upgrade to this level.
4	You have to really love Fry's as they go fully way out to provide everything you need.Lots of parking in the lot. Clean restrooms, if you need them. The best part is the selection of fruit and veg!  The meat is always fresh here as well. They even have a deli area that serves ho tand ready to go meals. Great for those days when you have worked so hard you just do not want to cook.One down side for me is, the store is so big you can't always find what you want right away. Plus they have slef check out, which can some times be a drag.
4	So there are two Fry's on different corner of Ray/Rural and I like this one a little more due to my location. It always puzzle me why they are so close. It's fairly clean compare to other fry's and they generally have what I need. I hate those buy 10 items and save 5 dollars or so deal as I always end up buying more than I want.
4	I love my Fry's, the employes make it awesome. If it could change anything, stop staff smoking in front of the store!
3	This is my neighborhood Fry's and usually my grocery store of choice. I think that the layout of the store is good and easy to shop. The produce selection is good and they have a fair amount of organic options. I also like the selection of natural products that this location has. This location also has a Fry's gas station right out front which saves you some money at the pump if you have enough rewards on your Fry's card. I usually feel like I get a pretty good deal here. Associates have also always been eager to help if I need to find something. The check out experience has always been good.One of the reasons for the three star review is because the bathrooms at this location are disgusting. I have informed a manager on one of my visits of the horrible condition that the bathrooms are in and she did seem to take action right away as far as sending someone to clean them. The store does seem a little bit aged which is odd because I think that it is fairly new. I would recommend going to the restroom before going shopping at this location.
1	Five star store.  Nice selection.  Clean.  Great layout with marketplace household items and a good toy selection too.Why one star?  Every time I find I am charged higher prices than their ad or shelf marked price.  I mean EVERY time.  Yes I go to their service desk and they correct it, but I've stood in that long line too many times.  Double check your receipt,.
4	I like Fry's overall and this is one of the good locations. Plus it is close to work which is why I come here. Whenever I need something for work I am over and back in no time at all. Much better than the "scary" one I used to go to for work. Everything is in stock and the prices are good. What more do you need to know.
2	I am getting very frustrated with this store. Their baggers are terrible, I can't tell you how many times I have had grapes or baby spinach completely smashed because somebody they put heavy items on top of it. I know they are just teenagers who don't know any better but it is really annoying. I bring the reusable bags, some of which are the kind that keeps stuff cold and so when I am unloading my cart I usually put the cold stuff together (as well as separating cans and heavy stuff and any non-food items). But then since the checker gets way ahead of the bagger (they usually only have one person bagging for every three lanes open) it all jumbles together and then when the kid does get to it (I MEAN IF - most of them time I end up bagging myself since they don't have anyone there) everything just gets tossed into whatever bags so it all gets smashed and damaged. Lately, they seem to have cut back on not only baggers but also checkout clerks since I usually have to wait in a long line. I know, I know I could just use the self checkout. I do that when I have a few things but if I am doing a large shopping trip then it is very difficult because there isn't enough room to bag everything in the cart in that small area and if you start removing bags from the area to put them back in your cart before you are done with the whole transaction then the stupid machine starts giving you an error and stops in its tracks.I suppose this sounds a little neurotic but it's just one of the things that has been bugging me lately. They also recently re-organized the store in the most idiotic way so now everything is not where you would expect it to be and shopping takes twice as long. Worst of all their wine department has gone to hell. They now only stock the most basic varietals from the mass-production corporate wineries. I have been a loyal customer here for several years but if they don't shape up an improve I'll start going elsewhere.
1	After three years of shopping here, I'm done.  They implemented a store redesign that's so perversely illogical that customers find a new camaraderie in helping each other find where products are, because they're not where any thinking person would have put them.  It's like a giant game of "Concentration" where you have to try to remember where you might have seen what it is you're looking for now, when you were wandering the aisles looking for something else earlier.  Utterly ridiculous, thoroughly infuriating, and a complete waste of my time.  I'm done.  Albertson's is only a mile away.
5	I very rarely go to the big Grocery stores anymore. However, I had a lot of running to do today so , I need a few vegetables and I did not want to run all around looking for different items.So here I came as I was in the neighborhood. Lots of parking that is for sure. Friendly staff. Lots of fruit and vegetables as well as every type of food that you could want or imagine. The biggest fun I got today though was all the dishes and glasses and the Easter plates. There were all types. Egg cups and bowls , rabbit dishes that had plates. Just everything. Needless to say I purchased a bit.They absolutely have anything you could want or need here.With my fry's card I saved quite a bit of $$$ as well!I had a few things to do at customer service. The lady that helped me was ever so nice. It was all and all a great shopping experience.Plus, there were some girl scouts outside with a tent (cover) set up selling cookies. Oh course I bought a few boxes. You can put them in the freezer.
4	This Frys has the FRIENDLIEST staff imaginable! There is another frys (believe it or not) on the opposite side of the intersection which also has a great staff!! I do almost all my shopping in one place due to their having anything you need! They also take requests for things they dont carry if you want them! Self checkout never has a wait when you have just a couple items so you dont have to wait behind those in the "ten item or less" with 25 items!! LOL! You name it...they got it...LOVE IT! ;)
5	Always come here even though I have closer options. Doing renovations but still worth it, low prices and great options, plus discounts on gas!
