1	Buyer beware! Trust me, you dont want to bring your car here. Myself along with other people I soon learned about, have had HORRIBLE experiences. They will lie right to your face. I had over $1000 worth of work done to my car and the problem was still there. After I brought it in for a 3rd time and they told me it would be another $800 I decided to just go back to the dealership. The dealership told me, it was not what they had repaired nor what they said would be the 3rd thing. It was the original problem I had told Fletchers about. It is really sad how poor their customer service was. Corporate is even worse and lied to my face about EVERYTHING! Please do NOT go there. I am telling you, you will regret it. I sure do, over $2000 more to replace a $1000 job. BUYER BEWARE!!! I wish I could rate this ZERO stars but I can't.
1	I too have had a nightmare experience with another Fletcher tire in Chandler.They broke something on my car, said they don't have the know how to fix it, and then made a bunch of dumb excuses as to why it wasn't their fault.The excuses they used made it obvious that they don't have the slightest clue about how a car works mechanically.Talking to their management does nothing.  I highly reccomend that you find somewhere else to go.  The company is a shambles from the top down.
1	There are too many good tire stores to ever go here. 4+ hours for an oil change. They will give you several free oil changes to buy a set of tires but you can't schedule it and you are at their mercy. Employees standing and talking while you wait. Hate this service! Seriously, you don't need to go here.
4	Steve at the Scottsdale location is the best.  My mother and father introduced me to Fletchers and I have been a customer myself now for a number of years.  They have always treated us in a friendly, helpful manner and I have had no experiences that I would classify as negative.  I fully trust Steve and highly recommend their service.
1	Had a bad car repair experience with them.  Wanted to give them credit for their efforts to fix the situation but when I picked up my car they missed bolting down some stuff under the hood.  I would have driven off with wires, etc. dangling had I not done my own inspection before leaving the shop.  So, as it turns out I do not recommend this place.
1	Update from last review.  Just found out today after having my car checked out at the dealer that Fletchers installed my head-gasket incorrectly, it is leaking oil from the engine seam.
1	Not quite sure what happened here. Everyone was nice and they let me see under my car when it was on the lift. They agreed to order my tires and do an alignment and  would call me around noon today when the truck arrived. I never got the call, so they lost my business. They also said I needed more things than I really did need, but dishonest auto places are a dime a dozen. Either way, none of my cash ever went into their register.
4	Had my brakes serviced.  They did a great job.  Bought a groupon for a brakes package, which I was a little skeptical about.  Worried about hidden charges, upgrade charges, and all those little things that "need to be replaced" on my car; the old bait and switch.  There was none of that!  I got exactly what I came in there for!  Fixed my brakes and honored my groupon 100%.  Small upcharge since I had a truck, but that was clearly stated on the groupon.  Steve and John were very helpful.They usually have a long wait, even when I go here for just an oil change.  But I've decided that it is what it is, and since I work close by, I just drop off my car at 8am before I go to work and pick it up on my lunch break.  Definitely recommend an appointment.  It's very difficulty to get in on the same day for any service.
1	What's the point of making an appointment if it takes 2 hours to do an oil change?  What's the point of offering a group-on if you're "required" add-ons bring the price right back to where to would have been without a groupon.  Ridiculous.  Never going back to this garbage dump.Chad
5	Stopped in today 45 mins before closing.  I explained to the guy at the front that my truck overheated and I had no power steering.  He said they couldn't do the work today but he was very helpful and came out to the parking lot and took a look at it for me.  When he saw that a belt had broken off he said let's see if we can get this fixed tonight.  He was out of the parts, but he had them run over, he agreed to replace the belt and another broken part and test the engine to make sure overheating didn't cause any further damage.  The repair took three guys about 45 minutes after closing to finish.  Earlier when I was quoted $300 for the repair, I explained I had $245 cash on me, and no other way to pay.  The manager came over and said get this guy taken care of, it's Christmas, we will worry about the rest of the money on Monday.  So when I went to pay for my bill, it came out to $243. I noticed the manager put a $55 discount and said Merry Christmas next to it on the bill.  That really made my day and I was not expecting it!  So I am leaving this review because I feel the service was exceptional for them to stay an extra 45 minutes for me. And then the $55 Merry Christmas discount was just icing on the cake!  Highly recommended!
5	I had a great experience with my purchase of tires; I've never been here for general maintenance or repairs, though, so can't comment on those other services.I had researched different types of tires for my vehicle.  Once I chose my tire, I shopped around the Valley for pricing.  Fletcher's total price with tax and installation of 4 new tires beat all others by about $100.  I did everything on their website -- submitted my order, scheduled my appointment time, etc.  The installation was quick and easy -- I just hung out in their lobby and used their WiFi.  I would definitely recommend this place for new tire purchases.
5	Wow! I have to give them 5 stars because they gave me a really great deal.  They were going to charge me $10 for replacing some screws on my fender, but they waived the fee!  When I told my family, they were pretty adamant about calling the business back and paying the money, so Fletcher's might've gotten it after all.  But, needless to say, I was happy and grateful.  Also, I was pleasantly surprised at the wait time.  When I pulled up there were quite a few cars already there so I thought it would take all day.  I was probably waiting for less than half an hour.  I will definitely go back there if I have any serious car trouble.
5	I've been pricing out tires for quite awhile and fletchers was the cheapest by about $400 including installation.  Ordered the tires Friday morning and by Saturday afternoon I already had them installed. Awesome place!
