4	Everyone knows what Golden Corral is, and I'm sure everyone's been there at least once.  Haven't you?  Haven't you?  Anyway, years ago, friends of mine and I discovered that you could get a great Thanksgiving dinner there without all the fuss.  We'd meet up there in the early afternoon, enjoy a nice, hot turkey dinner with all the "fixins."  No cooking, no cleaning.  After cooking Thanksgiving dinner all day last year, I didn't want to do it again this year.  It was too exhausting.  After he stopped laughing (as everyone usually does when I mention it, followed by pity), I convinced my partner to give Golden Corral a try on Thanksgiving.  GC jacked up the price for adults on Thanksgiving to $11.95 or so, but the kids got it for only 99 cents.  Score!  The food offerings this year weren't as spectacular at this Charlotte location as years past at Orlando Golden Corrals, but it was still a good meal overall.  The turkey and ham were freshly sliced, the stuffing was moist, the sweet potatoes were sweet and covered in marshmallows, the potatoes were real, and the steamed broccoli was fresh and green.  Plus, I got to make a great salad and, if I was still hungry, I could have had some soup.  My only complaints would be that there were no cranberries (not that I wanted any, but what Thanksgiving is complete without them?) and the pumpkin pie...just wasn't pumpkin pie.  I am thankful for Harris Teeter having fresh baked pumpkin pie on sale the day after Thanksgiving so we could enjoy some flavorful slices at home. :-)The next time you find yourself not wanting to cook a full Thanksgiving meal and don't want to pay a fortune at regular restaurants on the holidays, suck it up and give Golden Corral a try.  Just don't expect linen napkins.
1	Won't eat here ever again... in life. I'm not a huge fan of buffet dining as it is, but this just plain grossed me out. The buffet didn't have as many offerings as I previously remembered. Additionally, there wasn't anything too spectacular about the taste/quality of the food.After I brought my plate to the table, I noticed we had an uninvited guest. There was a roach crawling on the wall heading for our table. I went to speak to the manager and informed him of the situation. He stated, "Was he dead or alive?" I said "alive and moving." He then said, "Well, he should be dead. The exterminator just left two days ago." Needless to say I was done. I got my $$ back and left. Dine at your own risk.
3	this is a great place to take young kids. Tues is family night and kids buffet is cheaper. Now this is exactly what you should expect, cafeteria food and lots of it.now the salad bar i lovethe new england clam chowder has always been goodsteaks are tasty but tough cuts of meatsyeast rolls are the bombfresh mac n cheese is okmashed potatoes are real potates and i prefer the brown gravy on itwhat I like about this is you can just go get one bite of everything and then go back for what you likethe desserts are plentiful in options and supply. i dont like the ice milk instead of ice CREAM and that new chocolate fountain is entertaing but I found the choclate to be gritty like maybe made from a powder
2	I remember growing up in Brownsville, TX how my family considered this our luxury dining affairs. The Golden Corral... it's like a kids' paradise with all the shit you can grab and then just throw away. Parents don't give a care cuz they can freely experiment random crap to try to give their kids in hopes that they'll shove something other than pizza down their throats since one price covers all the food you can eat. That's how I do with my kids and my parents before me.On the other side the food is pretty bad and the buffet now ranges in the double digits. So, not quite the deal it used to be. The place is usually packed and sometimes the patrons aren't the most well-mannered individuals who, oh i don't know... cover their mouths when they sneeze, or patiently wait in line for their turn, or maybe grab food with their hands and then put it back... you know... disgusting shit.Staff is nice... I've never had a problem. The staff behind the food is all Hispanic and don't really speak English.They do have a great variety of food. Lately they've introduced some different things like a Chinese food cart, seafood area and steak areas.I guess the problem is that it has a bit of a reputation of being kinda "hood" and sometimes they live up to it.I don't know... go check it out. I probably won't be going back to any of them any time soon. There's just to much here to review and it's mostly negative. haha
2	To quote Arrest Development, "I've made a huge mistake."
2	To echo the previous reviewers, now I know that I was right to trust my instinct and have not been inside a Golden Coral Buffet until yesterday. At first when you walk in, you feel like you are in for a treat. Don't let the varieties fool you. The food is absolutely bland, tasteless and poorly prepared. Do you remember what your college cafeteria's buffet style food taste like? This is just like it. Out of all the options, there were only two things that I actually liked, their strawberry shortcake and their yeast rolls...even the yeast rolls are a bit strange, who wants honey on their rolls? If you are like me, looking for the butter, you won't find any, apparently it's a golden coral thing to have honey rolls.If you try to get soup, they will all be so salty that you might as well have drank ocean water, other than that ocean water is poisonous but the soup here may as well be because you can't drink them anyway. The lasagna is so hard it is like a brick. To quote what my cousin literally said after he took a bite from his lasagna, "oh man this tastes like crap". My tortilla chips were pretty terrible, nothing but grease, no flavor no texture. Sautee mushroom too salty again and was cooked in pure fat. Service-wise, pretty poor. You have to pay upfront before you eat, the lady at the cashier was quite rude. She is kind of slow and she gave us one less drinks than we paid for...We asked her for an extra drink, not only were she not apologetic, she even had an attitude. Way to go Golden Coral for putting someone like that as the first person your customers will encounter at your restaurant. As  for the staffs who comes around to pick up your used buffet plates, they try. However, they need to be a bit more strategic. For the hour or so that I was dining at the restaurant, I heard at least 5 or 6 times where the staffs dropped plates or cups and spilled ice and drink on the floor. They also look like they are overwhelmed with plates by carrying way too many at a time. The bathrooms needs extreme attention, it really smells bad in there. Maybe this is their way of making sure customers leave asap and not stick around for long.
1	This is by far the worst Golden Corral I have ever been to-- and I've been to a lot. For $12.99 for dinner, I'd expect the buffet bars to be fully stocked and then replenished on a regular basis. I'd also expect staff to clean the bars regularly, especially of stray food that lands in another dish. Neither of these occurred.  The restaurant appeared sorely short-staffed, and those who do work here didn't appear particularly enthused about their work. Between the constant announcements of "Code 200" and "Your children will be burned by the 165-degree bar if unaccompanied," it was an unbearable atmosphere. Go to a nice sit-down restaurant instead where you will certainly get a better value and atmosphere.
3	I like the desert there cause they are not that sweet. The food is just ok. May not go there again.
2	The place is literally a combat zone in the evenings.  So packed with people it's impossible to keep clean.  A steamy, dishroom atmosphere pervades the place.  Most of the help are of questionable US citizenship.  The food reminds me of a USMC chow hall on a bad day.  I'll give this place 2 stars for one reason:  They give vets a free meal on Veterans Day.
1	Do not waste your time and money here!!! You would think they were giving free food the way Everyone kept jumping the line. Disappointing food selection.  Overall not a good dinning experience. Suggest trying a different location.
2	I do not like giving 2 stars but I will say different locations are, well, different. The employees were wonderful let me say. However the food was just okay. There just was not a good selection. I don't expect high cuisine or anything but there was not a whole lot to choose from. I will say for a lunch break we were able to eat lunch then go down the street and get milkshakes. eh honestly the one in university is really good, however I will review that one later. Sorry guys, not a the best location, but if you want a buffet and in a hurry for lunch then at least try it. Maybe it's changed.
5	My family and I go to Golden Corral every Sunday after church. I saw the commercial for the lobster add on and my son and I wanted to try it. Wow!  Not only was it a great value it was also delicious.  We can't wait until next week so we can have lobster again.
