1	***WARNING****DO NOT EVER go to this club!! WORST club I've ever been to. The girls there are hideous and fat. There is a dancer there named Suzy Q that smells so bad. She left the stench of stinky underarm on the sleeve of my shirt when she sat down on me. I almost bought the deodorant out of the vending machine to give to her. Most all of the girls are very unfriendly and lazy. They have great drink specials but that is the only good thing about that club but I wouldn't recommend this club to my worst ememy.
1	To the owner, I know your reviews have not been very good, so here is what I am suggesting give me a free lap dances( as long as it is not Suzy Q) and I will write you a great review. And I agree since I have only spent a half hour in your establishment.
4	Cool place. Door guy was personable had a bunch of fun all types of girls, one girl while giving me a lap dance slipped and her bony crotch injured  my ball bag , she also smelled like she had a dirty diaper up her crotch , other than that great  place
2	Ghetto...
3	Ok so I'm from LA and moved to AZ, big adjustment right. I was looking for a place to hear some good music, have some drinks, chill and see some good dancers. I kept hearing about Pink Rhino! I checked it out and to me it wasn't that bad. I wouldn't call it ghetto just a spot with an urban flare. Dancers were cool but the drinks were good!Music was awesome and when I went rapper Rocko was in the building!I would go back but its not like KOD in Miami but will do for an AZ spot!
5	Very cool. Almost as good as Atl clubs.
5	Went to 2 strip clubs last night the 1st was across the street from Arizona mills, it was garbage, women were tweekers music was old as hell. Felt like I was tony Montana the 80s. 2nd club  was this place and they didn't not disappoint. Women were all shades and shapes from thick and slim and a variety of bad chicks. I'm big on music and dj was on fire all the latest music. Mostly hip hop which I love cause let face it who wants to watch strippers dance to Taylor swift or sum bs. Drinks where kinda pricey, I would def pregame b4 going. But tha girls where on point. Shoutout to blue. She had me on cock diesel all night. Will definitely be back when the homies wanna step out again. Comparable to Starz (la) kod(mia) onyx (atl) Dg's(d town) da rhino is where its at
3	So we walk in and they have a rap battle on the stripper stage. The people paying more attention to the rapper than then actual strippers, that gives us opportunity with the girls and I love it ;)
3	Its in a nice shady part of town that's the way I like it, cute mexican and black girls , nice layout u will see a couple of cuties just look hard enough
3	So I am a fan of good "cabarets". I think sometimes people don't realize they are actually fun with the right people and can be entertaining if the girls are talented. Pole work is REALLY hard, so talent should not be discounted.Anywho, visited the place and it as sheer chaos, because they had a celebrity there and so it was ridiculously PACKED. We arrived and made our way to the back.. and the majority of people were having a good time. What was interesting was that the tables were all jumbled and moved around without rhyme or reason making it hard to get to and from the stage. Music was so-so. Sometimes it was great and sometimes the "hype guys" asked the music to be stepped up. The venue is a little dated and in need of a makeover BUT if you make it over, you will probably pay for that, so it is a trade off.The girls were of variety (ethnicity, size, skill). The ones that took the stage were pretty amazing. Some of the girls worked in teams and they were pretty good with their pole work. Is it the best I've seen, no, but it was good for the location. I would go back with managed expectations. Had a great time with the group I was with.Beware of extra drunk folks.. it stays open till 4am.. and folks sometimes get besides themselves.
2	My friends wanted to come here so Me being the Awesome friend I agreed :) I think I came on a bad night.  I didn't see any skills on the pole... Music was really good.  If you like booty shakin with a hint of Ghetto.. Ok more than a hint lol this spot is for you.  This place lacks variety.  Different flavors for different people.. I didn't see that here...maybe I came at a bad night.  On the other hand Our waitress was very nice.  I did like that they have a taco truck right outside ;). Good idea on their part.
