5	Sitara is hands down the best hookah lounge in Las Vegas, which is quite a feat for a brand new business. If anyone was going to pull it off though, the House of Smokes crew certainly got it done. Set up in a spacious building, you get that lounge environment but you won't be sitting in some stranger's lap. The customer service is excellent. The Sitara team treat their lounge like a business, not hang out time and they are attentive and happy to make recommendations. The hookah itself is amazing quality. I recommend trying their special blends (Gamma Ray and "The Brad" are awesome). Beer prices for champagne product. The owners promise more changes still to come (belly dance Thursdays, ladies' night, etc), can't wait to see what they turn out with!
5	Simply amazing! Best spot around town, good location, awesome people, unique events... If you like hookah then def check out Sitara at least once... you'll be back for sure.
3	I haven't been to an event that they've hosted yet, but from my first and second experience it was pretty chill. They have some good flavors depending on what you get (the white grape though tastes a little different than most other lounges I've been to). Wide space, plenty room to lounge around if you got a big party, and you get a good amount to smoke. I give a three star just because the experience was good the times I went with my crew, but perhaps on the next review I can get an even better one with an event that goes down. So far, a really nice locals spot to smoke.
4	Great selection of hookah, and they also have an unlimited refill offering for just $5 more. Worth it.I went on a Friday night around 10pm and it was busy. Great DJ playing top 40 and some electronica.  Three go-go dancers--one hot, two not.Seating is ok.  Booths all along the walls, but in the middle it's all single-seater chairs--not great for date night. I suggest they replace all the chairs with two-seater sofas.Lighting is good. Reddish and darkish.I'll be back.
4	This place is so cool and chill! omG i love it. I cant wait until my friends visit, i will bring them here. On the night that i went, they were having an "any flavors for $10 all night" kind of night, there was a live dj and a gogo dancer...i love gogo dancers...loland the hookah! the hookah was soooo amazing..mmm the orange gummy bear! i mean it tasted just like the actual gummy bear!im definitely going back
4	Outside of my own home this is the only place that I will pay to smoke hookah at. All the other lounges are simply overpriced and have unexperienced hookah aficionados. These peeps know how to properly pack a bowl!Sitara offers a chill, laid-back vibe, good beats and prices you can't beat. For $10 or $12 you get an all-you-can smoke experience and you can change out hookah flavors as much as your heart desires...my fav flavor right now is Gamma Ray. The area inside is huge so there is good air flow, you can find go-go dancers shaking their booty's on the weekend and they frequently hold special events and parties that are a blast to attend. The lounge is 18+ so you won't find alcohol, however they do have soda, boba and munchies to snack on.The only reason I gave them 4 stars is sometimes they are so busy it takes the waiters awhile to circle back around and get you fresh coals but the bowl smokes so well it's hardly ever a problem.
4	Went on a Saturday night at about 11PM. Very chill spot. Got the AYCS ( All you can smoke) for $13. What more can you say about this place?- Smoke as much as you want- Nice vibes- Nice setting- Nice service- A DJ to hold it down for youThe only con I would say is that they don't have a strong enough AC. Easily fixable but still need to penalize them for that. Otherwise, I can see myself coming back here.
5	Best hookah lounge in las vegas hands down!! The owners are very friendly. The service is great, they know what they are doing. Go-go dancers are hot! Djs are good and play good music!! Great for people who want to have fun and dance!! I've been to most hookah lounges and they suck and don't know how to prepare a hookah. I guarantee you will love this place!!!
5	Cool hookah lounge very south of the strip. Dim lighting with black lights and good music.  Serving one of my favorite tobaccos, Tangiers. We came here on a Thursday night on our way back to California for a quick smoke. Ended up staying for a few hours and enjoying the environment and quality of smoke. I appreciated their strictness on checking ID's and the great customer service. Coals were changed in good timing and we were frequently checked up on. Will definitely visit again next time I'm in Vegas.
1	The service was below average. I came on a slow ass night, Sunday. I mean it was decent. About 10 heads in here. They only came to check on the coals once, and we had to wait literally 30 minutes after the hookah died for a fucking refill. I'd give them 2 stars but the hookah was BOMB. May or may not come here again. Sike. It went from 3 stars to 1. HORRIBLE NON EXISTING SERVICE. NEVER THE FUCK AGAIN.
2	I was first introduced to this place a little while ago, and I decided to check this place out again, since I was very near the area. When I got there, I saw that the line was little bit outside the door. So I figured that this place should be pretty good if there's a line forming. I waited for about 15mins before getting seated. When I got seated, I brought my own hose and they were questioning if I was allowed to use it. I never had a problem using my own hose at a lounge before, so why would theirs be any different. Once everything was said and done, I ordered their Tangiers Cane Mint hookah which cost $2 more than the normal hookahs, which is understandable. It took a good 10mins before the hookah came out, and after 40mins the flavor was out. Apparently, they did not know how to pack the Tangiers flavor properly and probably packed it as if it was a normal flavor. The crowd is filled with a bunch of ghetto youngins which makes me questions if all of them were 18 or above. The music isn't bad and you have a group sitting in the back corner with their Xbox or PS3 hooked up to the TV playing Black Ops. The atmosphere feels like smoking out of a friend's garage or having a huge kick back at a pad. Not really going to recommend this place to anyone who wants a quality hookah. I will recommend this place for those who can't get into any other lounge and who wants a hookah for cheap with no quality.
5	My favorite hookah place in vegas. It cant get better than this. The servers are amazing and the security guard is so welcoming. defiantly recommend this place!!
3	Good vibes and decent music.  Hookah is clean with nice smoke however the smoke does get heavy fast.  I do have a problem with all you can smoke for $13 per person with large groups so I settled for a bowl with my group of 5.  Wish it was more reasonable.  Still enjoyable.
5	Awesome place, and the servers are really nice. They advised me and warned me not to try the Tangier's and what did I do? I thought of it as a challenge and I tried that s***. Strong stuff, I fell on my ass.Good chill place and I heard it gets crazy on the weekends.
4	This place is pretty legit - Esp when DJ Island Rok is spinnin, he gets the crowd super hyped! thats the only time I go here, just to show love to my cuzn DJ Island Rok on the ones and twos.
1	This is the first Yelp review I've ever written, but I've never been more compelled to write a review before. SITARA hookah lounge used to be great but now that it has been take over and renamed SMOKING VEGAS, it has all gone down hill. My hookah bowl got harsh within 5 minutes, I looked at the bowl and the holes were all poked wrong, and the bowl itself was very loose and in turn the amount of smoke was tiny. I looked for the manager and told him the issue, to which he replied "I own two hookah lounges, do you think you can load a better bowl?"  I knew I could because this bowl literally looked like it was loaded by a 5 year old, and this condescending attitude did not help. He could have helped us out, switched the bowl, but instead he now has 2 anger customers who will NEVER return to the hookah lounge, and a 1 star yelp review. My advice to the owners; learn how to properly load hookah bowls, and learn how to treat your customers with some respect.
1	I drove all the way here expecting for some basic hookah and service but it was actually worse. The worst lounge in my opinion. Owner was very rude to my group and we felt as if the servers just wanted to make their pay day and nothing else.
