4	It's been awhile since theirs been a review. Went for fish tacos. They by far the best in Las Vegas. Service is prompt and courteous. Order was "right on".  Fish comes on two tacos a bed of cabbage, with diced tomatoes/onion and celantro and a white sauce. They are delicious. This is a seafood restaurant. Everything is freshly made to order. Whatever you order you will enjoy. For the price you can't go wrong. Fish tacos are 3.00 each....go for it.
4	La Palapa is a Mexican seafood restaurant on the north side of town offering incredibly fresh underwater fare at incredibly affordable prices. I insist that you start with a Modelo Especial served michelada style, or 'preparado' ($4). This is a light Mexican beer laced with hot sauce and fresh lime juice, served ice cold in a massive salt rimmed goblet. Sounds strange, I know, but once you try it you'll be hooked. I actually had a similar drink served to us in a plastic cup at the HUGE Broadacres swap meet on the north end LVB, which I also recommend for delicious cheap eats, but this is the first time (and certainly not the last) I've had it in a restaurant.Then, you should order the fish taco ($3). This was primarily desirable to me because of the price, but once it came to the table I knew I wouldn't be let down. It needed a shot of acidity (may I recommend their house salsa, a dash of Tapatio, and a squeeze of lemon?) but the beer battered fish was hot, crispy, and oh so good.The entree of shrimp served "a la palapa" (I love saying their name, try it!) came to the table looking one note and blonde, and not in the appealing sort of way men like. I was amazed, however, after taking the first bite of snappy, sweet shrimp. It was flavored with bay leaves and some sort of dried pepper, and tasted fantastic, especially when bundled up in a warm tortilla with their great refried beans and rice.I also very much enjoyed the combination tostada of octopus (pulpo) and shrimp (camaron) ($3.75). There aren't many places outside of the Mediterranean you can get great octopus, but this was fantastic considering our desert surroundings. It was tender, yet firm, and very fresh. In fact, none of the seafood I've had here has been anything but fresh, so if you like offerings of the sea but don't want to drown in debt, La Palapa should be on your 'must visit' restaurant list.PS. Do you like flan? Then don't pass on dessert. La Palapa's version is as creamy as cheesecake. I'm generally a poster child for self-restraint when it comes to over-indulging in foods that are very bad for you (I'm part foodie, part health nut), but I can only attribute that to my strict evaluation of whether or not something is worth the calories. The flan here most certainly is, so I left only a token bite.
5	Best shrimp tacos ever! Best cerveza preparadas ever! Awesome service! Nobody ever gives me a hard time for not speaking Spanish.....probably cuz I'm Asian. There are places that expect me to speak Spanish cuz they assume I am Latina but it's all good over here.Their fish and shrimp tacos are battered and fried, served with shredded cabbage, pico de gallo, and a white cream sauce with a lemon wedge. If I can recall they are huge and cost about $3 - $3.50. Not bad at all cuz they are not greedy here. The campachana cocktail with shrimp and octopus always tastes so fresh. I have yet to find it better anywhere else.Their cerveza preparadas are made with a concoction of shrimp stock, lime juice, hot sauce and whatever beer of your choosing. They are served in a frosty goblet that makes the beer so delicious on a hot day, after a long day at work, after a long night of partying--the morning after of course, or just any old freaking time they're open. The first few sips have that icey layer of frost on them that I just love so much. Almost like a beer slurpee, kinda....not really. Just go there and get one. Only then will you know exactly what i mean.
4	Not in the greatest part of LV but for lunch why not. There was only 1 other party dinning  when I arrived.Started off with ice tea which is was huge. I ordered the 2 combo tostada with octopus and crab - it was large and decent but the octopus was chopped to fine. I followed with a shrimp taco and a side of rice. The taco was ginormous and stuffed with deep fried shrimp, cabbage and a light white sauce - it was very good. The rice was also tasty and lightly flavored.The service was OK, the waitress put white sauce on my taco when I requested it on the side thankfully it was light otherwise I would have sent it back. I suggest the shrimp tacos, you can go wrong and if you eat two you'll be set.
4	Writing this review because there are so many debates about whether or not Las Vegas can serve up good Mexican food.I was referred to La Palapa by a friend who hails from Mexico, and is picky about their food.  Especially mariscos!  I myself, having spent a significant number of years being part of a Mexican family, have a discerning pallet when it comes to Mexican fare.I arrived at La Palapa with my friend and his family, and upon sitting down he was immediately greeted with a michelada 'preparada'.  This is one of the best inventions ever, so I quickly followed suit, while presented with several options of the cerveza to be used in the drink.  I'm a traditionalist....Modelo Especial is my standard.  I have to say, this preparada was unique to anything I've had elsewhere, including those in Mexico City.  It was much lighter in tomato than most, but had great spicey goodness!  The 2nd one was better than the 1st!I split a tasting of shrimp and octopus ceviche cocktail and a combination shrimp and fish taco.  All was phenomenal.  I think there was a full pound of 21-25 shrimp in my ceviche, and the lightly fried goodness in the tacos was amazing.  Super fresh and awesome.  Even did a dozen raw oysters on the 1/2 shell as appetizer.  a) I wouldn't risk this at 90% of the restaurants in Vegas and b) I never thought sliders with lime juice and Tapatio would be awesome!  I was wrong!Needless to say, this was worth the drive off the beaten path.  I'll definitely be back!
5	Enjoyed the food here it was good not only that but we were treated very nice by the waitress
5	A hidden gem for seafood in particular for shrimp coktails and ceviche.  They have the best Micheladas I have ever tasted and make it a point to drop in everytime I am in town with family and or friends.
4	Food was very good, loved the fish n shrimp tavos. Also tried the shrimp n octopus coctail n was good too. One bad thing was thar tge eervers all kept esting behind the counter
4	This is a GIANT restaurant! I had never been to this side of town but came here for a restaurant.com coupon. FYI- that coupon didn't work!!All of the fried fish dishes we tried were very good. Price for 3 of us to eat (with 1 beer and 1 horchata) was about $45. We had a cerviche that was quite good too.This is the kind of place you'd expect random people to walk in and sell you roses and candy bars. The service was attentive but there also weren't very many people in the restaurant on a Friday night at 6pm. I wish this place wasn't so far north away from the city center. I'd come here more often if it was.
4	One reviewer said it best, "a hidden gem"; particularly this side of Vegas, you can't go wrong, plenty of great dishes, great service with a smile. Try it with friends, family, large groups, you'll love it. Enjoy!
4	Traditional Mexican food & drinks - michelada and horchata are the specialties!Everything is super cheap and everything we've tried (quesadilla, fish taco, chorizo dip) was good. It's definitely on my list anytime I'm in the area. Trying the ceviche next visit!
5	La Palapa is my first and last stop in Vegas. I get there and order a Cocktail (Campechana) and a Michelada. Let the party begin. Before I leave Vegas I stop in for the same thing and oyster shooters. The food is fantastic, the Michelada's are the best on the West Coast outside of Mexico.
3	Just ok. The ceviche was ok it needed to be doctored up. The fish tacos were good and plenty. They do charge you for everything.  We ordered a rice and beans plate for our little one and asked for cucumbers and tomatoes and was charged for that. The waitress came by 2 times and was ok nothing I'm this restaurant would make me want to come back.
