2	Excuse me sir, could you please tell me ONE MORE TIME that you'll need to check all three of our IDs?  Just one more, that'll make one time for the each of us, even though we've been together the whole time.Having worked in the state government run liquor industry before as a traveling manager in the region, had I walked into this store as one of my own, I would not be extremely happy.  First of all, what's with the tacky window decorations?  Did the local elementary school donate those?   The shelves?  I guess they were done by the middle school wood shop.  Someone call Extreme Makeovers: Retail Edition.  This store reminds me of some of the sketchier ones in Maryland and DC, even though it's state run and in a nice area.  I've never seen any sketchy people here though, so that's good.Overall, the first two times I've been here, being watched like I was going to steal something or being constantly pestered about ID's (we're all 25, so yeah, check our ID's, but you can tell us just once).  So to the guy that looks like Mr. Rogers, just because you're senile doesn't mean that the rest of us are.  The first time I was there I actually left my wallet in the car parked in front of Harris Teeter, which is near.  As I told the guy (taller, bald black gentleman) that I had to go get it he loudly exclaims for the store to hear, "You just messed it up for everyone!"  Holdup bud, my friends are staying here and I'll be back.  So I come back with the ID  and it's inspected like I had the equipment to make one out in the car, once again making a bit of a scene.  Finally we get our bottles and head out of the store only to hear murmuring and then laughing.  Where the hell did customer service go?  Another thing, we go in there about weekly and they ask for ID every single time.  Having done that job before in a high volume setting, you get to know your customers and don't pester them every single time.The only reason this store got 2 stars was because I haven't met all of the employees, I usually find what I'm looking for, and it's a very convenient location.  I'll still go to South Carolina whenever I can for the prices and the easy going employees at most of the stores.
3	I have been to many ABC stores in Mecklenburg county, and this is one of the nicer ones.  The employees have always been friendly and helpful when I am there. I think this location has a pretty good selection and is set up ok.  Still, when I want something out of the ordinary (like Averna and some other lesser-known Italian Iiqueurs) I have to make the trek down to Southern Spirits or Stateline ABC which are both just across the border in SC.
5	The ABC store here is good.Selections - They have all your spirits and liquids that you need.  They don't have my favorite cognac here, but that is okay.  I like how some liquor has gift sets if you purchased some of certain special liquors. That is always fun (free shirt/cup/glass/mini sample bottle). Service - very nice and attentive. I believe the manager here was just wondering about my age and I was not offended when he came up to ask for my id, and apologized for the inconvenience. But I will also take this as a compliment :) I am used to it =TPrice - as any other ABC stores, just a tad bit pricier than I am used to. Just a 'tad' bit.
