4	Yes, I got another ticket.  So, I came down to CPK & Associates to take care of it.  For $50, they will handle everything for you, except paying the fine.  They informed me that Las Vegas Municipal Court is no longer negotiating the fines, so the fine is the same whether I use them or not.....they gave me an opportunity to handle it myself.  I chose to have them take care of it.  $50 is worth the time it would take for me to call/show up to handle it on my own.Overall, it's a nice service to have when you get a ticket.  I'm walking away with no points on my driving record and no traffic school....~whew~Return Factor - I hope 0%, in reality 70%.
5	I've used other lawyers for my accidents before and I can definitely say that CPK takes off the edge of the accident the minute I talk to them.  They think of everything and they make sure I get checked up with a chiropractor.  I've always been happy with their service each time.  My husband has taken speed tickets to them a few times and so does some of his friends.  I love that I don't have to deal with the stress.
4	I hired this firm to represent me for a traffic ticket (failure to use due care) that resulted in an accident.  I had written a very unfavorable review with a one-star rating but, for whatever reason, I tabled the review and decided to attempt to contact Mr. Kenny directly with my concerns.Not only did Mr. Kenny promptly respond to my email, he actually gave me his personal cell phone number and invited me to call him, even though he was spending time with his family in Chicago!!  Of course I was not going to call him during his family time, but he also responded with a very detailed message (once again, while he was on vacation with his family) apologizing for the mix-up, explaining what actually happened and what steps he'd take with his new employee to insure the information given to me would be clearer for future clients.For anyone wondering about the mixup, it dealt with the fact that if they represent you for a traffic ticket that results in a claim to your insurance, they CANNOT promise that your insurance will not go up, as they erroneously did with me.  From what I now understand, your insurance will not go up based on the parking ticket, but from the actual claim.....a differentiation that I was not made aware of and that Mr. Kenny promised his staff assistant would explain better in the future.Since the firm WAS able to reduce the ticket to a parking ticket with no points and no traffic school and since the rise in my insurance seems to have been out of their hands, I'll give them 4-stars.Also, for Mr. Kenny's professionalism and unexpected personal touch, I will give this firm serious consideration if I'm ever in need of a lawyer in Las Vegas in the future.
5	This office is AMAZING. Do not believe the negative comments. They have helped me with traffic tickets more times than I'd like to admit. I brought my first ticket here when I was 16 years old and the service is still the same 10 years later. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and enthusiastic. They will do whatever they can and go beyond what any other attorney or law office will do. CPK Law really does go the extra mile.  Plus, they don't lie to you like most of the other law offices who just take your money up front and send you an outrageous bill later. These guys are honest and sincere. They explain the process up front and everything they say has held to be true. They will give you fine estimations, tell you the differences between each court, and will even let you know if it's better to handle the ticket yourself to save money! CPK Law is AMAZING!! Trust me.. over 6 tickets later and I still have ZERO POINTS! ;) And Craig Kenny actually goes to court! It isn't some little attorney he hires to do it for him - he actually goes for you!!! SO COOL! Also, a friend of mine got into a car accident a few months ago and they took great care of her. The staff always returned her phone calls and kept her posted on how the case was evolving. They are not only helping her recover a settlement, but they have recommended amazing doctors that have given her great medical treatment. She loves this place!I can't recommend it enough! CPK Law is the best! PS - Check out their new building! It's the nicest law office I've ever been in!!!!!
5	$50 FOR NO POINTS OR DRIVERS SCHOOL!! This is so worth it! and I don't have to appear...
4	Hello everyone! I just stopped by CPK this afternoon because I had 2 tickets (from 2 different occasions and 2 different courts. Both were speeding in a construction zone, I know I have the worst luck)  and my cousin's bf recommended that I bring my ticket to a ticketbuster. Originally I intended to go to ticketbusters, but after looking around the internet to see what was the best firm to handle my case, I found that CPK was largely recommended by most people. The building wasn't very hard to find as it was the largest and very professional looking building from the whole block and you could see the letters CPK on it. As soon as I entered, I saw a sign that indicated the way to go for traffic tickets which I liked since I was definitely clueless as to where to go. Upon arrival, the staff was very nice and I only had to wait less than 5 minutes before someone was able to help me. The staff who was helping me was very professional and even though one of my ticket was almost faded, she was still able to pinpoint what my violations were. Basically one of my ticket that came from North Las Vegas Municipal Court was $610 (my jaw dropped too when I saw how much it was) but she told me that she could reduce it to $522 or something like that (I was hoping it would be less but North Las Vegas needs all the revenue they could get I guess). While the other one from Las Vegas Municipal Court was $235. She gave me a call back date on Oct 10 and she explained to me in detail what type of service they would do for me. She told me that my ticket would be reduced to a parking violation and that I would have no points against my license, no insurance hike and they'll go to court for me.  All of this occurred in less than 15 minutes which was good. I only had to pay $100 ($50 for each tickets) which I thought was pretty good considering I had to pay $95 fee on one ticket with ticketbusters, who knows how much I'd have to pay for the other ticket.Overall, I think paying $100 for their excellent professional service, reduced fine, no points, no traffic school, and not having to appear to court is pretty worth it. I'll let you guys know how this goes in about a month :)
4	My saviors! Truly! After driving 9 hours from SF to LV to visit my parents, I was not paying attention to the signs on the road that stated the speed limit decreased. Sad to say I got a speeding ticket from a mean copper who also gave meeh a ticket for no registration even though the car was a rental and apparently its my responsibilty to check to make sure its in there.  WHATEVS! He verified it was a rental car too with his dispatcher and he still gave me a tix and since it was a construction zone it was a double fine.  Believe meeh when I say I hate VEGAS! i almost started balling from driving sooo long and then to end up with a ticket as I was almost to my parents house.  And being told I would have to come back to go to court, ugh no ways!Luckily my friend suggested I try CPK! And I AM SO GLAD I DID! I did everything from SF, sent them all my docs via fax and they went to bat for meeh. They brought the charges down extremely and made it so there would be no points on my record.  Every time I called in, the staff was very professional and friendly. I even got a heart felt letter from Craig about why he is a lawyer.  It's good to know there are lawyers out there willing to help out and do care about their clients.THANKS AGAIN CPK! I am actually happy to pay my ticket, that's how awesome you guys were!
4	Lately I've been dealing with A LOT of professionals lately due to the major changes in my personal and professional life, and I've gotten a full spectrum of professionalism from down right rude to upmost care and respect.  Craig P Kenny & Associates was definitely on the positive spectrum.At Craig P Kenny & Associates, Leon R. Symanski (my mom's assigned lawyer) showed us how a good business should be run.  My poor mother got into her first car accident (rear- ended) on the road in her 26 years here in the states, but she luckily was referred to Craig P Kenny & Associate to handle her case and calmed her anxiety.  From the start, I was IMPRESSED.  Ana Rodriguez (Leon's legal assistant) was very accommodating in terms of scheduling an appointment and was able to e-mail new client forms to expedite the process for us.At their office, which is very easy to find in downtown, we were warmly greeted by the receptionist and got to processing the forms that we brought with us.  Leon came out shortly after to bring us back to the office.  I appreciated how he did not talk down to my mom being that English is her second language and spoke to her as a normal client.  He explained the whole process of dealing with the automobile insurances.  Most importantly, I thought it was a very nice touch that he stressed that it was important that my mom recover from her injuries, and they will take care of the rest.  Now let's see how everything pans out from here on out.Conclusion:  Mom's fears calmed.  Daughter (me) happy.  If I ever need legal help, find Leon Symanski at Craig P Kenny & Associates.
5	Simple.  They did EXACTLY what they said they would do.  Charged a small fee to go to court for me and change a traffic violation into a parking violation with no points against the drivers record.  This service was probably the best value I have ever received for any service ever, let alone for a legal service.  I WILL recommend to anyone.
2	Would have loved to have a good experience with this attorney group, or even have an opportunity too, unfortunately, I never made it past the rude secretary. I called these attorneys's because they were the only ones with a decent review anywhere that I could find. I called today to inquire about representation for my husband, who, unfortunately received a DUI over the weekend. I left a voicemail and about 3 hrs later a legal secretary called me back. She asked a few questions, but all the while was very short; it seemed as if she was too busy to be talking to me. After several rude answers to my questions and repeating things that had nothing to do with what I had said, I decided it's probably best to look elsewhere. The attorneys may be great, but it doesn't matter much if you can't make it past the first phone call.
5	I received my first traffic ticket a few months ago. Speed trap on Reno St. caught me doing 40mph in a 25 zone.For $50, Craig P. Kenny and Associates went to court on my behalf and got the ticket downgraded from a speeding violation to a parking citation. This means no insurance premium boost, no points, no traffic school. You just pay the $50 attorney's fee and the ticket itself, which in my case was $145.They did exactly what they said they'd do. Will definitely use them again (but hopefully not too soon!) and highly recommend them to others. Five stars.
5	I was here for a benefit for Hero School, they hosted a great event.  Their offices are super cool and the Associates were more than gracious hosts.  Hopefully I will never need them on the lawyer end.
5	I got hit from the back by a woman on her cell phone, went to craig and it was a fast speedy process. They are perfect !! def guarantee them
4	Last year I got into a bit of trouble with not obeying traffic signals. My friends have come here to take care of all of their citations. Craig P. Kenny is suppose to take care of all of the leg work and leave you with only a fine. I was willing to do it to keep my record clean and not have to go to traffic school. A $50 fee plus the $199 fine was better than missing a day of work and losing a day.I went in to submit my citation and was told that it would be taken care of by February. The first week of the month, the law firm called to inform me that it was taken care of and all I had to do was pay the court. Let's hope to keep this year clean, but if needed Kenny & Associates makes it nearly painless to deal with the law.
4	My fiancee got two tickets thanks to the NHP's hyper-aggressive revenue collection, oops I meant public safety (cough, cough) efforts on I-215. I didn't want to give the NHP any satisfaction of giving her a hassle with the tickets, and I didn't want to jump through hoops to get it dealt with either. I called CPK. One call, 2 emails, I paid CPK $50, then we sat back and let them do what they do. In our case ticket #1 got completely bounced, ticket #2 was $145, no points, no traffic school, no hassle. Since I've been in Vegas I've seen a lot of TV ads, pink houses, and all sorts of crappy advertising for ticket fixing cheap legal services. Screw that. CPK got it done fast, and were very friendly and VERY professional through the whole experience. 4 Very Strong Stars. Beyond the Yelp review I have no problem recommending CPK to anyone that I hear talking about traffic tickets. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #22)
5	You won't find a better Workman's Comp and Personal Injury attorney than this!I was involved in an auto-pedestrian accident (I was the pedestrian) and Craig Kenny was referred to me. THANK GOD!  This was both a Personal Injury and Workman's Comp case.  Where do I start?  ALL of his staff is AMAZING!  I worked with both Craig Kenny and Leon Symanski personally and the level of representation was beyond anything I could ever comprehend.  I didn't have to worry about a thing.  They offered to come to my house for my initial consultation.  Free.  I had a neurosurgeon that I didn't feel 100% comfortable with.  To change doctors in a WC case can be difficult.  They were able to change my doctors twice (per my request).  Not only did they handle this, but they were concerned about the level of care I was receiving from my doctor and Leon Symanski PERSONALLY met me at my doctor's appointment to ensure I was receiving the level of care he felt I was entitled to.  What attorney does this?  Seriously.  Mr. Symanski did this again on one other occasion.  I have had many problems with my Workman's Comp case worker and my attorneys and their staff always handled any problems I had with him.  This includes getting authorizations to have procedures done, calling to find out where my disability check was (and this would get corrected immediately), getting appointments approved and always kept the process moving.  I never felt like an inconvenience, always a priority.  I always received a call back the same day I called or when they would say they would call back.  My case was approximately 2  1/2 years in length (due to procedures and surgeries I needed).  The settlement process was easy and I was very happy with the outcome.  They always kept me informed and explained everything going on with my case in detail the entire time (and they were also kind enough to translate legal "lingo" into the English language).  Mr. Kenny met with me personally on numerous occasions and ALWAYS made me feel like he truly personally cared about me.  He answers his phone if he's in the office (and available) and if I left a voicemail he ALWAYS called me back the SAME day.  No joke!  He is amazing!  I couldn't ask for a better experience during such a trying time in my life.  It was one of the most difficult times I have ever been through.  Not only for me but also for my children.  I felt like I had a second family at CPK & Associates who were always there to assist me with whatever I needed.  What it comes down to is if you are in need of a Personal Injury and/or Workman's Comp attorney and you want one that truly cares about YOU and your well-being, this is who you need to call.  I even received a traffic ticket and it was handled in a jiffy.  So I have had the pleasure of experiencing CPK's traffic services as well.  What it comes down to is I promise you will be nothing but thankful you called here.  I hope I won't need to go through another ordeal like this again, but if I do, this will ALWAYS been the man I call.  THANK YOU Craig Kenny, Leon Symanski and all of your staff!  You sincerely and truly changed my life!
5	These guys are the best out there for fighting traffic tickets! I've been using them since '98 and they have not failed me. The company grew from working in a small house like office to a full blown building now.I have recommended all my friends to the organization  and every single person would rate them 5 stars.If you are looking to avoid getting points and attending traffics school then these are the guys you want to use. Because of them my insurance never increased.  Pay $50 for there service and they handle everything. Sometimes you'll even get lucky and have the fee reduced. (Which happens more often than you think)Great customer service and great communication! No traffic school is the biggest plus.  That's at least 4 hrs of your life you don't have to worry about!Thank you Craig P Kenny!
5	Ticket. Wah. i had a really good experience with Craig P Kenny & Associates.   Even though it's WAY out there -- from where I am... I made the trip because the YELP reviews had nothing bad to say.  I walked in and the receptionist was very polite and informative.  I gave her the information she needed, sat down for about 5 minutes, had a piece of candy, and was helped as soon as I was done eating.  I sat down with a very polite woman [who looked like she's done this over and over and over for years] - got strait to the point... explained the details of how it works, paid the 50 bucks and waited the month and half to pay the rest of my ticket.  They got my illegal U down to a parking violation, and got rid of my tint ticket!Knock on wood--- but if I ever have to fix another ticket-- I'll be back. And if YOU need to fix your ticket-- this is your safest bet.
5	John Duffy is my hero!! I was in an accident (with a wall after having to swerve to avoid a car that stopped on the freeway) and having had a few drinks after work was charged with a DUI. I was freaking out, naturally, and John's professional, calm, straightforward attitude helped me to relax. He handled everything like a master chess player. So impressive I have no words! I just left court with a reckless driving instead of a DUI due to his amazing work. If you have a criminal case or DUI there is no one else I would recommend. I'm still floored!! Thank you so much!! I have learned my lesson and feel so fortunate to have a fresh start!!!
5	I love this place. Everyone is very helpful and friendly. Wendi took really good care of me and went out of her way to help me with my ticket issues. Her costumer service is top notch.
5	I am new to vegas. As soon as I got a ticket, I started looking online to figure out the tocket rules ans fine in Nevada state and while browsing I came across CPK Associates. I read all the reviews available and thought that how is this possible. So I called up their office and gave them the information they wanted and emailed them my traffic ticket.Once I sent them the ticket, I received a call from them asking me to pay $50. They asked me wait untill the court date. On my court date they called and said that your traffic ticket has been handled and there are not points on my licence on top of that they said that my fine was reduced by 70%. I was very happy to hear this. No matter what traffic ticket you get, always approach CPK Associates and you will end up smiling.
5	I have been using CPK Law for over 20 years and want everyone to know how pleased I am. Recently I received a ticket for running a red light, even though it was still yellow. Anyhow I dropped the ticket off and was told it would be around $255. 2 months later I received a call from Wendy and she told me they went to court early to strike a better deal. I only have to pay $95 now! Thanks so much CPK for everything and I will continue to refer all my friends and family :)
5	BEST TRAFFIC TICKET ATTORNEY IN VEGAS.......PERIOD!! i had one fine reduced from $3300 down to $300 and another one DISMISSED completely.............I didn't have to go to court, nothing!! I just send in the documents, pay their fee, and they do the rest...........!! AMAZING!!
5	Craig P Kenny & Associates are, by far, the BEST in town!!  Not only am I impressed by their ability to negotiate and dramatically reduce my fines, but I am also pleased by the professionalism of their staff.  They answered my many questions with patience and tact.  The process was very easy.  I pay a small fee, they do all the work and go to court, then I pay off my fines.  They even follow up with emails describing the payment options in detail.  I learned about CPK through a friend and I am happily referring all my coworkers, friends, and family members.  Where else can you work less and save more money?!
5	I was in a minor fender bender and was referred here by someone who had used them before.  I was going to be out of town for my date and couldn't go to the traffic school.  It was taken care of for a small fee.  Quick and efficient.  I was never one to believe in these types of things, but hey, it worked.  But I had not had incident before.
5	AMAZING service. No joke, this is a great law firm. I highly recommend for anyone who got a traffic ticket. Very friendly and professional staff, great in keeping communication updated. I was able to get immediate help when I lost track of a court date. When I called, they were calm and collected and assured they could help, and they certainly did.  I will definitely return should I ever need help with anything legal.
5	This place rules. I didn't even have to drive to the office. Rather, I emailed a photo of my traffic citation to them. I paid $50 for them to take care of it. No points, and just got a call yesterday that it's all taken care of and I don't owe anything more. Thank you so much for the convenient and amazing service!
5	Used Craig one time. Speeding ticket,81 in a 55 reduced to a parking ticket with no points . Well worth It. I didn't go to court I didnt have my insurance raised.I paid ticket online  done over-with.His fee $50 ticket $45 without his help easily 4-5 hundred.
5	I will never use another attorney. Larry Mittin at Craig P. Kenny has represented me twice now on 2 separate accidents where I was not at fault. Every time I ever had a question or needed to speak with someone I was treated so well by either Larry or his right hand girl, Joli. Both times they got all of my medical issues sorted out and got me more money than I thought I would get. They are just so awesome and down to earth and they really make you feel so welcome. I recommend Larry to anyone who will listen. You guys are awesome!
4	This review is a little long over due , but I finally set up a yelp account and thought I would give them a review!4 stars because it was ever so difficult in finding out information regarding my case, serveral phone calls were made, etc. They never contacted me with information regarding my claim, however my speeding ticket was dropped to a parking ticket, so for 50 bucks, it was worth the anxiety. Thanks again!
5	CPK handled a few warrants for some traffic tickets that I let go.  The total cost of the tickets was over $2000, and I was charged $250 for the 3 warrants. I called back to have them handle another traffic ticket I got and they told me that my other 3 cases were dismissed. No cost to me (other than the initial investment).   Amazing staff and definitely worth the money. Great doing business with them. :))
5	EXCELLENT!I just got off the phone with Mr. Kenny, and I could not be more pleased! He got my moving violation dismissed with NO SCHOOL and NO FINE. Mr. Kenny called me, let me know and is a very pleasant fellow to speak with. I will recommend him to my friends, family and clients! Absolutely WONDERFUL!
5	My manager referred CPK law office because he had an excellent experience so I gave this practice a try. No traffic school & no points. I did have to pay a traffic fine. My ticket did get reduced to a parking violation. Thank you CPK law & associates. I'm happy :) I highly recommend this place.
5	Had a speeding ticket and my friend had recommended Craig Kenny as a lawyer. Service was quick and easy. I just had to show them my ticket, car insurance, license, and I was out the door. They said they'd take care of it & bump it down to a parking citation. Yay for no hassles!
