5	For a large double cheese and mushroom pizza....best I have had in all of Phoenix so far!  Good amount of cheese and good crust.  BRAVO!!!!  And thanks for being so concerned with your customers as to if they like your food, Mr. Owner.  It's great, and you should last here a looooooooong time I would think.  I know we're coming back soon...very soon!!!Ordered this a second time another week....my gosh, but his hand tossed pizza is a winner!  I am so glad he moved to this part of town...mmmmmm, goooooood-o!!!!!Update:  Tried the Italian sausage sandwich....omg!  The rolls are delicious--great meal!  OK....I think I'm hooked on this place!!!My next taste treat here is the meatball sandwich....must be heaven if it runs true to course on this place...yum!Update:  I can't tell you exactly how many pizzas we've purchased from here now but about one a week.  Same excellent quality and taste every single time.  Thank you Universe for putting CheezHeadz in my neighborhood!!!  We just LOVE the pizzas here!!!!
4	This restaurant is next to Bashas' on 99th and Beardsley in Sun City.  The workers here are super nice and helpful.  We had ordered our food and the woman working there told us we could order the combo and it was the same price as just our sandwich but we'd also get a soda and fries.  They also stopped by our table periodically to ask how everything was and whether or not we needed anything.The food itself was good/okay.  My mom and I split a Philly cheesesteak combo ($9).  It was easily enough for the 2 of us.  The bread was super soft and fresh.  The meat was a lean cut, which I like, but it could have used more seasoning.  The sandwich also had a good amount of cheese, sauteed onions, bell peppers and mushrooms.I thought the french fries were really good.  They were nice and crispy and had a yummy seasoning (not just salt).  So I was super glad the woman pointed out the combo so we were able to try them.Lastly we had a order of 6 buffalo wings ($5).  These were tasty.  The chicken had the perfect amount of breading and the sauce was a good buffalo sauce.  It was tangy and just the right amount of spiciness.
4	I had the Lombardi minus the peppers.  I had been looking for a great pizza in the sun city/Peoria area.  This is IT!!!!  The only negative I can Come up with is that the bottom of the crust was over done but the pizza was a great, flavorful pizza.  I will definately tell my friends and be back to order again and again!Follow up to the above post.   Stopped in today and let Craig the owner know about the over done crust.  He  immediately thanked me and apologized for it over and over and immediately said he would me a new pie and when I said that was not necessary he said then he would refund my money.....I took the new pie.  OMG, now here is an owner who truly cares about his product and his customer service.  Will  be back with friends soon. Second pizza was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Delicious pizza! The owner was kind enough to slice me up a free sample of their homemade bread with the best dipping sauce I've ever had. My friend says he's hooked on their wings. So on my next trip back, I'm going to try one of their subs and wings. The chalkboard wall is a great idea for the kids. They can go and doodle while the adults wait for the food.
5	Awesome pizza and wings! The best pizza in the neighborhood.  The only downside ... its a Green Bay Packer hangout.  LOL
5	We love their cheez steak sandwich ! Very good. Service is awesome . Very friendly people. We had fries too . They are crinkle cut fries.
4	Killer sandwiches. Fat guy approved. Pizza and wings are ok. Now it's still getting 4 stars despite the ok pizza solely on the sandwiches. Iv'e had a lot of sandwiches and consider myself a bit of a "junkie". The cold sandwiches are great and the hot sandwiches are insanely good. They make a killer chicken cutlet. Their steak sandwiches are awesome as well.
5	Friendly little neighborhood sports bar. Really enjoyed the pizza and wings. I look forward to going back so I can try the sandwiches I have heard so much about.
5	Great pizza, ice cold beers, best pizza in Sun City area. Craig is the owner and aims to please his customers, go to groupon for great deals. Love the wing sauce and all the pizzas. Won't be sorry you ate here
5	Discovered this place about 2 months ago through Yelp. Took the kids there, we loved it. We have been back quite a few times since, I have turned several co-workers and friends onto this place. The Pizza is Great. Wife loves the Sandwiches. This place is worth the Visit. Love both there standard pizza sauce and the Garlic oil option on the pizza. My daughters prefer the Garlic Oil.
5	Cheeseheadz has some of the best cooks in town.  The food has always been great and the service is excellent.  Best tuna and cheesesteak sandwiches I have ever had!  The owner Craig has really done a nice job of ensuring high quality food at a reasonable price.
5	Pizza is very good and the Philly & fries were great. People there are always nice to my wife and I even when we're wearing our Bears gear & they're Packer fans. We live nearby and hope they stay around!!
5	Steak sandwich and pizza was very good. The owner was very friendly and brought our food to our table. He came back a few minutes later to ask how everything was. Will definitely recommend this place.  Good food and friendly service!
5	Came here with the family for the first time after we couldn't decide where to go for dinner. After reading some great reviews we decided to give CheezHeadz a shot since we live nearby, and we're so glad we did!As all the previous reviews have mentioned, the staff here are super friendly and helpful. They were constantly making sure we had everything we needed at our table, and even made great suggestions when we ordered. My dad, (who grew up in the Philly area and is very particular about his cheesesteak sandwiches) really enjoyed his CheezSteak and both of the sandwiches we tried had great quality bread & very fresh tasting ingredients. The buffalo wings were a little strong smelling on the vinegar side, but they still tasted great. The ranch here has a very distinct cucumber taste but it tastes delicious with the wings and the pizza!We have definitely found a new favorite pizza spot on the west side of town. Can't wait to go back again and try their Cheezookie! We just couldn't make room for it this trip after everything else we ate!
4	Went here to use a Groupon and it was pretty good! Hubby had a 12" pepperoni and I had the 12" Reggie White pizza. Needless to say we ended up boxing most of it to take home as it was way too much to eat. But they sure made good leftovers over the weekend!  We got a free order of garlic bread for checking in when we first got there and it was awesome! Lots of butter and garlic! I really want to try a cheesesteak next time we go!
4	Wow, this place was great when it was lucky's but now its even better.  I had a philly steak sandwich made with fresh bread grilled with butter on the grill (should I say more??)  The sandwich was so good I ate the whole thing and it was huge!  They also have good pizza from what I hear and even a gluten free option.  The place is about medium size and very casual and if you are not a Green Bay fan on Sunday you better put on your game face!
4	Stopped here with a Groupon. Ordered a meatball sub & chicken parm sub combos for my family of 3. We had plenty leftovers. Excellent taste, excellent service. Can't wait to go back and try a Philly Cheesesteak and Buffalo Chicken Pizza.
5	We specifically went to CheezHeadz for the first time yesterday to watch the Packers game and couldn't have been more pleased.  We weren't even hungry when we walked in but when our food arrived, it was so appetizing and tasty that we ate nearly everything!  The Buffalo Wings were delicious with plenty of sauce and fresh crispy celery sticks, I can't wait to try the Honey BBQ... I gazed with envy as they went by our table on their way to other diners and they looked great.  We ordered a Pizza with a Garlic Oil sauce, fresh Tomatoes, Italian Sausage and Fresh Basil. Loved it!  I don't usually care for Pizza Crusts and end up scraping all the good stuff off and just eating the topping but their crust is delicious. The wait staff is great, friendly, smiling and appreciative of your business.This is the kind of place that deserves a long life.  We will definitely be going back...but in case we're too lazy that day, and there is a good chance of that!....they deliver!
4	Pizza is good.  Very similar to Ray's, but not quite as good. Wings were also good, but could use some more sauce. Although i did not eat a salad, my coworker did and said it was one of the best salads hes ever had. Went back two more times to get it. I have also tried the cheesestakes. They are almost identical to the philllys at Uncle Sams. I think theyre very good. The owner and staff are very friendly and aware of their customers, which is nice. Overall, 4 stars. Was good, but personally, id go to Rays over cheeseheads.
5	Cheezheadz is a wonderful family environment with amazing food!!! Every time I have ever been in the restaurant the staff is friendly and attentive. The owner, Craig, is always there  making sure everyone is happy, comfortable and that their food is perfection! Not mention if your a packers fan Cheezheadz is as good as being at the stadium on a Sunday afternoon! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone!!
5	I really love this place and it's even better if you're a Packers fan! The pizza is delicious and the cheese curds are some of the best I've ever had. The owner is super friendly and not only remembers you but remembers your previous order. Go Pack Go! I'm very happy this place opened!
2	Based on the ratings we called to have our order delivered.  We were informed that they quit delivery about two weeks ago. I told them they should update their website.  So we ordered to go.  We ordered a hamburger, and the daily special of a brat.  For sides we ordered fries & cheese curds.  The hamb was way over cooked.  The bun was toasted to the point of being burned.  The brat was good as was the bun.  The cheese curds are nothing like you get in Wisc. (I lived there).  Fries were frozen.  I so wanted them to be fresh, especially since they make their own bread.  Not sure if we will try them again.
3	Decent with a shit location. The type of place i flip a coin on before going inside.This place must be struggling, with there special always changing they do attract the retired crowd but I do think that mostly has to do with the free beer sign outside. That's how you know there holding on if there giving away there cheap probly stail beer away. The times I did go to this place the food was so-so but prices didn't match. You can actually get a better pizza next door inside the grocery store made fresh. What this place does have with ultimately gives it all three stars is that it is owned by a normal American who lives locally and is defiantly giving it his all to make his dream come true for this reason I hope it all works out and I'll check back in a few years, maybe they'll be doing delivery again instead of the current change to to go or dine in only capability. If the owner wants to salvage it should be turned into a boston, Detroit, or New York place because no-ones from fudge packing Wisconsin .
4	Really good pizzaThis is neighborhood establishment and the owner is always there, which is a good thing. The beer is cold the prices are good and the pizza is terrific
5	CheezHeadz is awesome!  Their pizza is amazing! Their sandwiches are really good too! I have never had a problem with the meat being overcooked or having a burnt bun. ( I work near by and so our office orders from them often). They also have this Strawberry Spinach Salad (with candied pecans and a raspberry vinaigrette dressing) and I add avocado. It is INCREDIBLE!  The owner, Craig is very nice and he does remember your order and other helpful things.  He is very efficient and remembers to add in a plastic fork and knife to my to go order every time I order (I must say it is great knowing that every time I make an order that I know he will add my utensils all because I asked him to add it the first time I ordered).  This place is wonderful!
5	The wife and I just had lunch here for the first time, it won't be the last. The food was hot and fresh. The staff was friendly, upbeat and made us feel welcome and comfortable. The fried zucchini was light, crispy and tasty. The cheezsteak was outstanding, lots of meat and veggies and fresh bread. The fries were crisp on the outside, creamy on the inside like they should be.  My wife said "don't forget the draft beer was ice cold and delicious"!Looking forward to going back to try some other sandwiches and maybe some pizza too.
5	I come here on break from great clips and everyone is always friendly, i love their sweet buffalo wings and turkey sub. I've had a few other things,on the menu and its all good- food is always fresh
5	Best cheesesteak in the area. Great staff and locatio n. Pizza looks great. Will have to try it on my next visit. Lunch special till 3 pm is a great deal.
4	Great pizza! Great wings! Great cheese curds! our go to place for pizza. They are fast and friendly. They used to deliver, but don't anymore. I wish they still did.
4	My friend invited me to try pizza here at Cheezzheadz. And what I am excited about is the gluten free foods that you can choose from. What I love is their very cheesy pizza and tasty buffalo wings. Yummy!
3	Tried this place as it was close to my home and was given good reviews. Ordered the 16" with pepperoni and half sausage and pepperoni. Got a free order of garlic bread for Yelp check-in. Garlic bread was not good. The bread seemed stale with loads of butter and a hint of garlic. Good thing it was free. Pizza was better, but nothing special. I don't eat pizza normally so when I do I want it to be memorable. Unfortunately this was not the case. If I was at a party and this pizza was served, I would eat it. However, I probably won't buy this pizza for dinner any time soon. Really wanted it to be great because it's a family owned joint. Glad other Yelpers like it, though...
4	I love their cheese steaks!!!!! The pizza is good ...... you're able to see the games from any seat in the place and the owner is always present which shows his proud in his business I think
2	Definitely not satisfying. The bun in my burger was stale, almost seemed like it was toasted in an attempt to cover its lack of freshness. The fries were decent. The wings were average or maybe slightly less than average. Overall, I won't be returning.
3	My wife and I joined our friends at CheezHeadz this past weekend.  Let me  first say I am a huge Packer fan and loved the decor of the restaurant.  The restaurant's model is not something we are used to.  It's more like a fast food restaurant where you seat yourself, look at a menu and when ready walk to the counter  to place an order.  The lack of waitstaff is bit unusual particularly when you are not expecting it.The food was very good.  We ordered spicy wings with a G-Force pizza both of which were delicious. If we are looking for a good pizza take out place, we would certainly consider Cheezeheadz again, but for an evening out we will pass.Thanks
4	Just tried this place for take out. We ordered pizza for the kids ,cheese steak sandwich for me and the Italian sandwich for my wife. We were very happy with our meals. I have never had a cheese steak in Philadelphia..yet but I imagine it would taste like the one I just ate. Best I have had so far. We will be going back
5	Have been here about 10 times and each and every time the food is very good and the owner and staff are super nice. I usually get the Lambeau Leap cold sub sandwich. This sandwich is one of the best subs I have ever had. The last time I went there I tried the western bacon cheeseburger and it was very good as well. I highly recommend this place.
5	I cannot think of a better family-run neighborhood restaurant! Best pizza, subs and fried mac and cheese!! The owner is the nicest guy I know! I highly recommend stopping in for lunch or dinner!
5	First time at this place.  Went in for a cheez steak and Tried the daily special which was Chili Mac and it was delicious!  Great laid back atmosphere.  Friendly service. Definitely going back!!! Oh and they have Hamms!
5	OMG!! The Philadelphia cheesesteak was Amazing! The cheese curds were just Yumm! The Pizza did not disappoint. The service was awesome. Can't wait to go back.
5	For a neighborhood, patron extremely friendly, hangout place....this is the best!  Wed nite open mike, Sat night great local music (tonight it was the Community Service Band doing the 60's).  Reg or thin crust, but fantastic cheezstakes, calzones, salads.  What a fine casual place for the neighborhood.  Owner Craig loves to work the tables - especially recognizing new customers..  His girlfriend Megan is so relaxed and fun....we want to go back soon.And the music. I hope every night is as good as tonight.You want to know about the food?   Great pizza.  A bit different than the orig Philly Cheese Steak, but fantastic.Once again, I ask you not to tell your friends.  We'll want to go back and get a table.
4	The girl who works the counter/register is the person who saved this review. The man answering the phone and taking orders has some pretty awful customer service skills, but the friendly girl made up for it!The pizza was pretty good, and the wings were above average. I was grateful that I was able to take advantage of the special even though I didn't want a soft drink.I'd definitely come back for reasonably priced pizza and wings takeout.
4	This has a Cheers vibe. The owner makes an effort to know people's names and give recommendations. The pizza was good, the kids meals are cheap and large, overall the food is tasty and reasonable. It's s place for regulars and to feel like one even if it's the first ime. Try it out if your in the area.
