3	As far as recreational motor vehicle dealers this place is pretty nice. It has a great selection of motorcycles, ATVs, jet skis, trikes, and other motor vehicles.Their used selection was limited to a little over a dozen models, only three sport motorcycles that I was interested in. Their selection of new is much better. Though there was not much a a choice in Honda Sports bikes, they made up for it in Suzuki and Yamaha bikes.As with most businesses nowadays, they were short staffed on the sales floor and it took them nearly an hour of me walking back and forth and in and out from the new to the used selections to even ask if they could help.Granted, I am currently only in the browsing phase of looking at bikes, but I could have used some guidance on trying to make a decision.The layout of the store is a touch cluttered to actually get to the model you are looking at, but it was navigable to a browser like me.They have a good selection of riding gear, i.e. jackets, helmets, bike parts and bags, but I have seen larger selections at smaller stores in smaller towns.It seems like a great place to purchase a recreational motor craft, but you might have to walk in waving your money or wallet to get the attention you deserve as a customer.
1	Caution when buying a used bike from these guys.I realized that buying a used bike would cost me more than if I bought it directly from a person directly.  I believed the trade off would be that the dealer would have thoroughly gone through the bike before putting it for sale  (Oh so I should not need a second opinion from soemone else).I tried to test drive the bike before purchasing it, but the solid answer was no.  Under no circumstances do they let you test drive (OK I get the insurance issue, even though I have my own).  So I couldn't get a second opinion if I wanted to.I bought the bike anyways, as it was the one I had been looking for (2006 VFR800).  On my ride home the bike felt and sounded odd, but I had previously owned a cruiser, so maybe they are suppose to sound and feel like this and I just needed to get use to it. I rode it the next day and it just didn't seen right so I called the Apache dealer in Phoenix (I live in Phoenix not Mesa) and asked if they would just ride it around the block and tell me if the bike was running as it should.  They got me in the next day (2 days after purchase) and guess what the chain drive needed to be replaced.  That was the cause of the odd feel and sound.  Instead of them working with the Mesa store, I had to call the Mesa store and work with the sale guy to let him know of the issue and ask what he was going to do.  We talked, he called the Phoenix store to verify and asked if I wanted to bring it to Mesa or Phoenix to replace the chain drive (free of charge).  I scheduled it for the Phoenix dealer.  While they replaced the chain I also asked that they look over the entire bike as I was going on a 1500 mile trip with the new bike in 2 days.  They did and said nothing else was wrong.  Wow, replacing the chain drive made a world of difference.Later that day I was talking with some biker friends and they asked if they changed the sprocket too.  I said no, why.  They explained that typically the sprocket is always changed at the same time.the chain is replaced.  So now I am nervious again,  I take it to another mechanic and have them do a once over to see if It needed anything.  Guess what...it did.  Some how both dealerships missed the fact that there was too much oil.  Not a little over but alot about a cup (He showed me).  So I had him drain it to an acceptable level.  Also the clutch fluid needed to be changed.  He said I could hold off until after my trip. Ok so I bought a used bike from a dealer who abviously doesn't / didn't  do a full inspection before selling it and I had to spend my time and money to correct things they should have done or told me about.I can't speak to the new bikes, but if you buy a used bike from these guys plan on spending more money to have it inspected again as they don't do a thorough job.
5	The atmosphere is so much more relaxed and the employees are even cooler than some people over at Ride Now Sports.  You don't have people hounding you every two seconds and trying to convince you to buy something right now. We got our bike serviced here and they did a great job, they definitely went above and beyond. They were timely, decently priced and made us feel extremely welcomed. We'll definitely be coming back here for any of our motorcycle needs.
5	I own three motorcycles.  I bought the last one at Apache and was totally delighted with the price, service, delivery, etc. this dealer gave me.  I would definitely recommend them along with Go AZ in Scottsdale.  I suggest staying away from Ride Now and Victory BMW - they add on setup fees, license plate/registration fees, freight, etc. until a 10K bike becomes a 14K bike.  Apache and Go AZ do not use this deceptive practice from everything I have seen.
1	Have no clue what type of three ring circus the service shop is trying to pull off.  Had my 2006 GSXR 1000 In for a simple Valve adjustment was quoted over the phone $330 get there first thing they have me do is buy 90 bucks in parts.   Told me I had to bring my bike in cold so they could do the adjustment.  So i loaded it up in my truck the night before drove it there and dropped it off. Day later I get a call bike is done but they tried starting it and it wouldn't  idle/run and was pouring out black smoke,  not exactly what you want to hear after you drop off your perfectly running bike.   They asked if they could look into the problem more I said yes so they disconnected my power commander and found out that was the cause of the problem.  $325 Being hard to believe seeing how its less than a year old and was working just fine the day before.   When I went into the shop to pick up the bike they said they would hook back up the power commander and show me the problem. They started it up for me and long behold it was running just fine just like before.   So I have no clue what were they trying to do if they were trying to scam me into buying a new power commander and also charging me for them to look or a problem that never was their.  I have a feeling they hooked something up wrong the first time and correctly the second but do you think they would knock off some money off my $550 dollar bill nope this shop was very unprofessional and I would advise you to stay away from this shop.  Lesson learned.   Also when I brought my bike back home I noticed an air box screw stripped as well as the case cover bolt.    I HIGHLY  RECOMMEND going some where else for service.
5	I am very pleased with Apache motorcycles in Mesa. Shane and the guys went out of their way to get me the deal I wanted. They were very helpful after the sale when I needed to switch some of the things I bought to go with my new scooter. After a bad experience with a different dealer, I was very happy with the low pressure and the great service at Apache. They were able to give me a lot of good advice too. I recommend them highly!
1	I have taken my Goldwing to their service department, and was impressed with the level of service I received.  Unfortunately, I cannot say the same about their parts department.Here's my awful experience with Apache Motorcycle parts department:Late in the day on a Saturday, I called to ask about a pair of bolts that I need to replace.  Once the part number was identified, I was told that the bolt would be special ordered and the price was $5.00 each plus tax.  I was shocked at the price, but ordered  them anyway, paying for them with my Visa.  After ordering, I posted on the Goldwing forum that I had found the bolts I needed and that they would be $5.00 each.  I received several responses (mainly telling me that I'm crazy) informing me of a multitude of place that sell that same bolt for $1.09.  One of those places was Western Honda, which is about 15 miles further from me than Apache.  After confirming the price was indeed $1.09 each, I placed the order with Western Honda and immediately called Apache to cancel.  Unfortunately, their automated system answered, telling me that they were closed and would not reopen until 10:00 am Tuesday.  I then posted a message on their website's "Contact us", telling them that I had found the bolt cheaper and to cancel my order and credit the charge back on my Visa.Tuesday morning at 10:00 I called parts and confirmed that I wanted to cancel the order.  I was told that there would be a 20% restocking fee since Honda had already shipped the bolts to them.  Really?  I doubt it.They have basically lost what could have been a lifetime customer because of a $2.16 "restocking fee".  They will probably now sell the same bolts to another unsuspecting customer and make an additional profit.  I had hoped that Apache Motorcycles would be my "go to" place for service, since they are the closest to where I live.  Now I plan to take my Goldwing, and my business to Western Honda, which is an additional 15 miles away.  But I refuse to do business with companies who care so little about their customers.
2	After I posted this review, they decided to refund all but 10 cents of my money.  Why they kept 10 cents, I don't know.  At least they tried to do something to correct a horrible customer service experience, but it took a dispute with my bank, my comments on Facebook, and this review on Yelp to get them to do something.
5	The parts guys are super friendly, if you every need a part ask for Tylar, he's the best!
1	Walked in, looked around for 10mim and no one acknowledged me even though there were plenty of employees standing around. If I wanted to be ignored I would've gone to ridenow. I guess I'll just go buy an atv somewhere else.
5	I have been servicing my ST-1300 with Apache Motorcycles for the last 4 years and it's highly RecommendedService Department is Efficient, Friendly and Sharp, all that always at the right Price!!!!
