1	This office was recommended to me by a friend. Unfortunately, I had a bad experience. The office staff is rude and not at all helpful. They seem too busy to be bothered by even the simplest questions. The nurses and doctors don't listen, and did not even give me the opportunity to ask questions even considering that this was my first pregnancy. I literally felt  like I was being pushed out of the office the 3 times that I went. It took 5 phone calls to finally be reimbursed for the money I paid them.I would not recommend this office to anyone. I have met several other pregnant women who have also switched doctors after visiting them.
5	I've been going to Camelback Womens Health for over 10 years.  I see Julie Bergdale the nurse practioner and I cannot say enough good things about her.  I actually followed her from another office she worked in when she left and went to work at Camelback Womens Health.  She is in no way shape or form an in and out type of provider, she is very patient, caring, extremely thorough and compassionate.  I also saw Dr. Nelson at Camelback Womens Health when I was pregnant and he delivered my daughter.  He is another superb health care provider.  He was always patient with me, never rushed me out of appointments and never made me feel like I was bothering him when I called about concerns.  I will say that the nurses I've experienced there are a little short and lacking personality, however I'm not there for the nurses to provide me care so I don't think much about that.
5	I was raised in a medical household specializing in women's care.  My first visit unfortunately was a bad one - I had lost the baby.  Dr. DeSanto was amazingly caring and worked to ensure that I was not only physically but emotionally ok. In the follow ups, he focused on my goals which were to have a baby.  He took the time to hear what I said, how I felt and to answer my questions.  His nurse is a doll and she always takes the time to get to know me and where I am at emotionally on the process.  This office is dedicated to the goals of the patient and focused on real care.  While there is a bit of a wait, I would rather have that and know that the doctor and staff are taking their time with their patients.  Cannot say enough about this office!
5	Camelback Women's Health is my choice for prenatal care.  Why?  Well, I really like the easy scheduling, almost non-exsistent wait time (both in the lobby and for making appts) and my doctor, Dr Gregory De Santo.  This location (32nd St) is the 2nd location I have visited and actually, is the closer to my house.  Dr De Santo works between both offices, with Tue and Thur being at this one, I believe.  It's much the same here and has the same set-up and benefits as the other (ultrasound machines, lab in office, etc).  I went to the Scottsdale location for so long but think I'll finish out my pregnancy here.  It's just closer to my house... oh and it has no stairs. hahaHere's my review on the other location.. just thought I'd paste it because I'm lazy to rewrite everything...Now that I've had a couple of visits to Camelback Women's Health, a review is appropriate.  After finding them on an internet search for prenatal services, I called and spoke to a couple of women.  After answering many of my questions over a few calls, I was ready to make an appt.  ask me what my choice of Dr was and I simply ask them to set me up with the one they preferred... enter, Dr. Gregory DeSanto.I was always told that picking your maternity doctor was quite the chore.  It's joked about in movies and a matter of stress for many women.  I'm a lil more laid back than the average woman about such matters but, after I met Dr. DeSanto, I really didn't see the need to go to a dozen different doctors and stress.  He's relaxing, knowledgeable and does things himself that other doctors pass off to technicians - like my ultrasound.  He did an excellent job explaining everything he was doing, getting great angles of my lil baby and even showing me the gender before others say they can tell.  It was the most amazing experience to see my lil guy flipping around!!  I'd heard other women say that their ultrasound tech didn't tell them much and actually had them worried by not talking and explaining things but, there was none of these issues with DeSanto.  I'm a fan of his calm demeanor and simple, easy-going approach to things.* Dr DeSanto is knowledgeable, calming and explains things well.  And Jamie was so helpful with many of my misc. questions and helping me get set-up!* They have their own lab and ultrasound machine in their clinic so you don't have to run around, wait, or make separate appts for lab work!* Everyone is friendly enough and it feels like a cozy, comfy environment.  * There is little waiting time before your appt starts and they must keep gaps in the day because you can get in to see the Dr. in a timely manner.See ya there!
1	I came to this office due to location and it being in my insurance network. Initially my experience was positive, as I worked with a doctor named Stephanie Nguyen who seemed caring and attentive, and even once personally called me to give me test results. Unfortunately however I am not reviewing her, but the office as a whole. After she left to go on maternity leave, things began to go downhill. Under her care I was prescribed an ultrasound due to uterine pain. I was not notified of her departure, but simply got a phone call from a stranger saying I had hemorrhagic cysts and polyps and that I needed a follow up ultrasound within 10 days of the start of my next cycle. Following the new doctors instructions exactly, I called the front desk to schedule my ultrasound, explaining to the receptionist on the phone that I needed to schedule an ultrasound within 10 days per the doctors instructions. The woman on the phone scheduled me for an appointment with the doctor very quickly, and considering I knew they did not always have ultrasound techs on staff (they have outside techs come in from an office called Fetal & Women's Center of Arizona) I wanted to make sure we were on the same page. I verified with her multiple times the time and the location of the appointment, that there would be ultrasound equipment and technicians on duty, and explained that due to my narrow window of time (10 days from the start of menstruation) how important it was to get this appointment done right. The woman's tone was dismissive but confident, and I let it go. Surely enough however, when I showed up for my appointment four days later the nurse on staff said they could not do my ultrasound and  casually closed my chart saying there must have been a misunderstanding because they did not have any ultrasound techs on duty on Thursdays. I was upset and asked to speak to a doctor. In the end I was treated rudely, dismissed, and told to reschedule my own appointment. Unfortunately, due to their irresponsible staff, I will now have to walk around with hemorrhagic cysts and polyps for another month (until after next menstruation), with no questions answered. Needless to say, I will never be returning to this office.Long story short - the staff does not listen, the office has multiple locations and outside ultrasound services which they seem incompetent about keeping track off, I was treated poorly and expected to fix their scheduling mistakes, I drove down to an office location despite their not being the resources necessary to perform my procedure and no one resolved this issue, and I will now have to wait until my next menstruation to discover more information about my ovarian cysts and polyps due to their oversight.
1	I was referred by a friend and have had nothing but trouble with this office.  In November I found out I was pregnant and was having issues before my first appt; I had an emergency and had to get in right away and ended up seeing another doc.  I won't give names, but that doctor basically beat around the bush to tell me I was miscarrying instead of telling me flat out.  My husband literally played 20 questions with that doc to get a simple answer.  It was ridiculous.  Also in Novemeber I had the office call me on two different ocassions to reschedule because they made a "scheduling error".  As far as I'm concerned thats something they should fix since people take time off to make appts in the first place.  Fast forward to today, another emergncy appt and I just got a phone call from them that they canceled my appt. I am so furious with the way that they run this office.  Try and make your schedule work, don't cancel people.  I'm livid and would not return here if you paid me to!
4	I've been coming to Camelback Women's Health for over 10 years. I see Julie Bergdale for all of my check ups. For my prenatal care, my doctor was Erin O'Sullivan. While pregnant I complained alot about how she treated me coldly, but looking back I was just being pregnant. In the end, Dr. O'Sullivan was on vacation when Dr. Schwartz intervened and chose to induce. Dr. Nelson was the one who delivered my son. All in all I had a favorable experience, they were all looking out for the baby and my health- which is their job, regardless of how I felt. I had mastitis, and again Dr. Nelson took good care of me. Some of the medical assistants can be a little rude (which, not being pregnant anymore, leads me to believe I'm not imagining them being rude). Lastly, I do wish Julie could have been the provider for my prenatal care. Postnatal she was better than O'Sullivan, who kept asking Julie for answers to my breast issues. I'll never go anywhere else. Julie is so great during the pap exam, has always made me feel comfortable during an uncomfortable moment. Sometimes the wait is really really long which makes it tough for work. Stick with early AM appts and the wait shouldn't be too long.
5	I have been seeing Julie Bergdale, RNP, for about four years now and I can honestly say she is my favorite doctor I have ever had the pleasure of working with. She has great bed (table?) side manner and always makes me feel comfortable. Going to the gyno can be as unpleasant as visiting the dentist or making a speech in public, but Julie always puts me at ease. I have recommended her to two of my friends, who also enjoy seeing her. Two thumbs up to Julie and the staff at Camelback Women's Health!
5	Best OBGYN in the world - Dr. DeSanto! About to have my third baby, had another OB in another state with DD1, and moved mid-pregnancy with DD2, so I do have experience with other OB's. The office communicates well when I have questions, need an appointment or a change, or on the rare instances my appointment needs to be moved. Dr. DeSanto always listens to questions reasonably, isn't a meds pusher, reassures when parts of pregnancy that are wacky are just natural progressions. When DD2 had her shoulders stuck, he managed to get her out and keep me calm at the same time. He genuinely cares about seeing the baby and having ultrasounds. Unlike many other doctors he doesn't hold back on ultrasounds, communicating expectations for the current and future appointments & post-partum. I love Esther his nurse also. I have seen the NP in the past, she was also magnificent. I don't ever want another OBGYN!
1	I had the worst experience of my life back in January. I booked an appointment with CWH because I found out I was pregnant Christmas day. The front staff was so rude on the phone. The girl I spoke to treated me like I was an inconvenience and how dare I call in to book an appointment. I should have cancelled at this point but I was excited with this being my first pregnancy. On the day of my appointment I had to wait over an hour for my appointment to start. Then once I was taken back I had to wait another 30 mins for someone to see me in my room. Tracy came and was the nurse practitioner. She was amazing but I hear she is not longer with them. Now to the tragic part. I informed them that I would be having my 8 yr old son come in for the ultra sound because we were trying to make him feel like his apart of the process. Dr. Nelson came in. Dr. Nelson has no bedside manner what so ever. He proceeded to tell me right in front of my son that I was going to miscarry. He drop the bomb with little to no bedside manner. He could have asked my son to step out and then tell me. Then he walked out with out explaining anything and basically just dipped out. Obviously I was devastated. I came back two days later to give blood work . Again the front staff was rude and dismissive. The girl told me that they MIGHT call me back the next day and if not give them a call whenever. I don't feel this is satisfactory for someone who is terrified waiting to hear if there baby is not going to make it. I ended up going with another OBGYN to have my medically induced miscarriage. CWH with out a phone call to follow up with me proceeded to send me a $7000.00 bill for a pregnancy that they deemed was not viable in the first place. You would think it would have been written down somewhere that I was no longer going to need prenatal care after I told them I was going to go somewhere else, my new doctor's office called them, and they DIAGNOSED my miscarriage.Over all this place is extremely unprofessional and is not a good choice for a first time mom or any mom. They obviously do not have the bedside manner to deal with a difficult pregnancy or with a woman who has to deal with a difficult decision.
5	My first visit to Camelback was a couple of days ago on the recommendation of a good friend. I was fed up with the questionable, indifferent, and invasive and yet incomplete treatment at my old gyn office. My friend told me so many great things about Camelback over the last couple of years, yet I still stuck with my old gyno thinking things would get better and that their methods were probably the same as every other facility's anyway. But three years and five invasive and useless colposcopies later, nothing had changed. Well, you know how they say that sometimes you don't realize how bad things truly were until you experience the difference? They're right. I saw Julie Bergdale, NP supreme and all the hype on Yelp about her is true. The most striking thing besides her kind, smart, funny and compassionate demeanor is that she actually listens, truly LISTENS to you and absorbs your info, even the subtle bits. She wanted to know all about my health history, my concerns, and habits. For the first time since I moved here from CA, I felt like I was going to be cared for properly by my gyno office! (I left my truly awesome gyno of 18 years, Dr., Gerardo Bustillo, back in CA and so regretted it. But now, I think I may have some hope of a great experience again.)I had to wait longer than at my old place, but that's no biggee because it's only due to Julie spending quality time with each patient. And for that, I'm HAPPY to wait! What good is efficiency without quality? For the first time in three years of living in AZ, I got ALL of my many questions answered. Not danced around or dismissed, but answered intelligently and thoroughly. I'm the kind of a patient who knows my body well and takes the time to read books and studies and asks questions, so I need an office that not only doesn't mind but that prefers well-informed patients. Julie decided to do a full metabolic panel, plus CRP, plus cholesterol (amazing) and a hormone panel to boot based on my family history. This should really help establish a nice baseline from where to work. Sensible.Why this was never done at my old office, I do not know. The staff and doctor absolutely hated questions, and as she reminded me many a time, placed the weight of their decisions on predetermined, one-size-fits-all protocols. My last phone conversation with my doctor, (a full 3.5 weeks after a mysteriously painful and stressful biopsy episode that threw my period off by two weeks) was very sad indeed. The gist of it? Apparently everything is the patient's fault at her office, even when monsels solutions may be mixed wrong and cause reactions....Very disappointing, yet not surprising. Nothing had changed. That's when I knew I really had to leave.But not to worry. They say many times out of adversity comes understanding and positive change. After coming to Camelback, I know now that my last bad experience served as a painful wake-up call to me about my health and being more proactive and engaged moving forward. For the first time in years, I have high hopes of great care for the future. If the NP is this good, I believe this bodes well for the doctors. Oh, and as a bonus, they have places that do mammograms and bone scans right downstairs from their office, so if you need those like I do, you can add convenience to their list of attributes, too.
5	I have been a patient for almost a year and found the office using online reviews. I later found out my colleague has been O'Sullivan's patient for several years. Wait times: Morning appts are the best- I've never waited more that five minutes for a morning appt. Late afternoon appts on Fridays never start on time and it is common to wait 20-50 minutes for the appointment to begin. I prefer later appts so I just plan ahead and use the time to catch up on emails, watch the baby kick, and chat with my spouse. Front Office: Katie at the front desk is irreplaceable. I don't know her title or position, but I assume she is the manager because she incredible professional, she makes it her goal to know the patients and spouses by name, she uses the patient's time wisely when scheduling future appts, and she does everything with a smile! The other women at the front desk are never friendly and seem to be put-out when I ask a question on the phone or face to face. They answer the question, but I think they prefer to be uninterrupted. Doctor: Erin O'Sullivan is my prenatal doctor and Kathy is her medical assistant. Kathy is a perfect partner to O'Sullivan. She is sweet and excitable and loves hearing pregnancy updates. I enjoy our quick encounters because she is caring. O'Sullivan is awesome. She is not sweet or giggly, but that isn't her job. She is professional, dedicated, and passionate about her career. She is overtly honest with her answers and rarely sugar-coats. She supports natural childbirth and alternative birthing options and will give her professional opinion using years of experiences from the hospital and midwife/physician community meetings. She doesn't give an answer to a question in hopes that you like her answer; she provides you the response she thinks is best. I will continue to visit O'Sullivan for my annual exams and future prenatal exams because although she is not sweet, I know she is passionate and dedicated to the well being of her patients. Unexpected Situations: Once, I called the office at 6AM on a Saturday because I was concerned about symptoms I was experiencing. I left a message with the after-hours rep and Dr. O'Sullivan returned my call within about 30 seconds. She answered my concerns, made suggestions, and did not rush off the phone. I could tell that I woke her just because her voice was different, but she did not seem put-out at all. She has told me in the past that she chose a 24 hour career and she embraces it. Overall, I strongly recommend this office. Staff come and go so I don't worry about the two I've encountered who aren't customer-service oriented. Katie at the front should be your go-to person so try avoiding the others if you have questions and don't want to have a negative experience. Kathy and Dr. O'Sullivan are great! I've also met with two nurses, Bergdale and another- once during a last minute scheduled appt (I was experiencing uncommon bleeding in second trimester and O'Sullivan was at the hospital] and once during a routine visit [I rescheduled at the last minute]. No complaints from either appt. The medical team is incredible.
5	I was told about this place by a good friend in the medical field.  I made an appointment with Dr. Steve Nelson.  Dr. Nelson was attentive, patient, and kind.  He told me my options, was very sensitive towards my situation, and was a caring and giving person and physician.I would recommend Dr. Nelson and the Camelback Women's Health group to women of all ages.  My experience there was 5 star and Dr. Nelson is my doctor from here on out!  Dr. Nelson rocks!
1	My issue is with Dr. O'sullivan. She's straightforward, no sugar coating, no emotion, no small talk, just strictly to the point. That's usually not my go to type of doctor but besides the personality factor I didn't have any other reason to switch at the time. I guess I should have gotten worried when she prescribed Zoloft for me because I was "depressed". I've never been treated for depression nor had any other doctor ever bring it up. I was young, unmarried, still in school and pregnant with horrible morning sickness. Would you be thrilled? I did not take the Zoloft, which now has a huge law suit for birth defects! She also wanted to give me zofran for my morning sickness which I refused to take as well. I went into labor at the hospital at 8pm and dilated until about 4 am that morning. Dr. O'sullivan didn't show up until almost 6am. My daughter sat in the birth canal so long that when she was born she was not breathing. My heart dropped when I didn't hear my baby crying. What did the doctor do? Nothing! Absolutely nothing. She stood there looking so confused. The nurses ran the baby over to the table and called a code. Other nurses literally ran in and revived my daughter getting her to breathe. Dr . O'sullivan did not even touch my daughter once while all that happened she just watched. If it wasnt for the amazing staff at good Sam my daughter would not be here or may have had long term effects. Even worse is that the same thing happened to my cousin. Dr O'sullivan was her OB and took a very long time to show up at the hospital as well. My cousin had already had two children so she knew the risks of waiting and told the hospital she's not waiting anymore so go get the doctor on staff. The dr at the hospital delivered her baby with no problems but just imagine if she had waited for Dr. O'sullivan to show up what could have happened.
5	As pleased as punch I had a very negative experience with my first health care center but now I could not be more pleased. Dr. Nelson is Amazing and so kind. I started coming here on the recommendation of a good Friend. Everything is handled in a completely professional manner. Only one time did I have an extra long wait time but it was explained to me when I checked in. the entire staff is professional and warm. they remember you ever time you return and are always smiling. I would recommend this office to any of my friends!!!!
1	I went to see O'Sullivan for a 2nd opinion about other options before deciding on a hysterectomy. Next day, I get a nasty call from her instructing me to rush myself to Good Samaritan b-cuz according to her lab result, I was chronically anemic, making it sound like I was dying; therefore I needed to undergo a blood transfusion ASAP. I was in shock & asked for time to see who can take me. She Insisted I drive myself (which didn't make sense). She reported she has reserved a bed for me & my blood units have been waiting since 9am. I arrived the hospital @ 2pm & was sent to my room to WAIT for these blood units to arrive. In other words, an order wasn't even placed until I arrived. Even worst, it didn't arrive until 9pm. The whole while I was waiting in the "expensive" private room, the hospital team kept insisting O'Sullivan reported I was there for a hysterectomy. I was even threatened that if I don't cooperate with the hysterectomy,I would die. I told them I thought I was there for a blood transfusion. After being interrogated for hours, I became to understand getting a hysterectomy would be a "financial convince" for O'Sullivan. I saw my PCP after the transfusion & was told I didn't need the transfusion. All I needed was daily iron pills. When O'Sullivan's office called me to "schedule" the hysterectomy, I informed them I no longer want services from O'Sullivan & will be seeking services elsewhere. They attempted 2 more times to schedule a hysterectomy. Just last week, I received a certified letter from O'Sullivan stating she will no longer provide services for me because I refuse to follow her medical advice. What part of I no longer want her service did she not understand????She didn't care for me or about me, she just wanted to butcher me for her financial sake. As if she had a ballon payment due & I could've been her ticket. It's been 5 months since she & her hospital team threatened I would die. Makes me wonder how many others she has victimized.
1	I recently stopped going here after 4 years. I was prescribed a birth control pill and not told about the side effects, which landed me in the ER for a week.  I talked to the office afterwards and was told it was my problem, and not the doctor's job to advise me.  Yet I still went back, this time for a hysterectomy consultation. I made the appointment approx. 2 weeks in advance, arranged for time off from work, etc. I arrived and paid my copay and waited nearly 20 minutes, only to be told that the office girl had screwed up and scheduled me with an NP instead of a surgeon, even though I was extremely clear about what I was coming in for. I demanded my copay be refunded and left. I do not recommend this practice at all!
5	Dr. Nelson is awesome! I strongly recommend him. He's very direct and to the point which I'm sure some people don't like but that's my kind of doctor. I had my daughter in January and now he is my go to gyno. I was very pleased with him. I am a first time mom so I had lots of questions and he always answered them.
1	Never Ever recommend this place to anybody. My OBGYN here just wanted to fill me up with pills and plan immediate surgery for issues that had various other option, but she insisted on surgery as being the only way out.I thank my stars that I listened to my body and instinct and not her bossiness.This is not a Dr's office but a human dissecting and pill filling factory.Don't waste your time going to this place.
3	We were told to get here 15 minutes before our appointment time so we did and paid and then waited, and waited, for more than 30 minutes.  When we asked the receptionist why we've been waiting for more than 30 minutes while most who arrived after us were already seen she said "well that's just Dr. ???" as if that's an acceptable reason.Then about 10 minutes later the receptionist calls us back over to explain that it will be another 40 plus minutes before we can be seen.  Then she gets rude when we question how they're running nearly 1:30 behind schedule and says "well you can take that up with them back there or you can reschedule?"Once we were finally back the staff was nice and friendly.
1	This place will make u upset every time u come because the wait times are excruciatingly long and nobody here gives a crap about it. The front desk is defensive and rude from the start. I have come here multiple times and waited upwards of two hours. Not exaggerating, and not a soul in that office ever apologized. Drs to be fair are good but u will end up bald from pulling your hair out from frustration if u go here.
1	I had the most horrendous experience at this place. Besides dealing with a very rude doctor (Erin O'Sullivan) -- she talks about other patients, has a knack for making you feel like a fool for asking a question or being concerned, and was flat out mean during the birth... she acted like I had inconvenienced her -- I had to have surgery nine weeks after my baby was born for a fistula. Very LONG (and physically painful) story short: After dealing with some post-tear issues, which required restitching at the two week mark by Steven Nelson (I was done with O'Sullivan), I thought I was on the mend. I saw Nelson a few more times after that. At the seven week mark, Nelson said that there was a small hole (about 7mm deep) and he cleared me. I decided to get a second opinion, just in case... an extra hole "down there" concerned me. Good thing I did. The hole was, in fact, a fistula and I had to have surgery to repair the damage. The recovery time from that: another 6 weeks. Please do yourself a favor and consider another doctor/practice. It was my first and I wish I had listened to my gut in the middle of pregnancy and moved on. There's no reason you should have a lousy experience when there are so many great OBs out there who want you to have a fabulous pregnancy and birthing experience.
1	Lousy! You're a file number.
