3	Drive through is nice, and fast.  They have no knives.  They have no lemon for tea.  You get exactly what is on the menu as described.  You can leave something off but can't have it on the side.  $25 for 3 sandwiches, 2 chips and 1 drink.
5	I like all Jimmy John subs.  This location I like the best, very clean environment, good service, great food & they have a drive thru.
4	We called in an order for pick up. t was ready by the time we got there 5 blocks away. The subs were great and the price was reasonable. We ordered pick up because there is a delivery fee.
1	Usually there ok this one keeps messing up orders. Not doing anything complicated, you know mustard not mayo sort of thing. Twice I had to run back out to switch out a sandwich. I just don't think they care....
4	As close as this location is to where I stay, I had never been to it before.  They weren't as fast to prepare as the one at Baseline and Country Club or the one by Chandler Mall.  I got the Italian and my daughter got the  turkey.  Both were fresh and delicious and a good size for the money, $5.95 each. They only cut the sandwich in half if you request it so my torpedo was whole.  They said it had an oil and vinegar dressing but it was so light as to be indiscernible.  If they had pepperocinis I wasn't aware of it.  The roll was wonderful. All was fine till I decided it needed a little oomph and went up to the counter to ask for pepper since there were no shakers on the tables.  What? No pepper??  I can't fathom that.  I didn't like the loud music either.Will I go back? Hell yeah.  But I'll take my own pepper.
1	Don't waste your money on a jimmy johns sandwich. There is nothing special about these sandwiches. This is the worst sandwich shop I have been to. You will get a better sandwich by making one at home.
4	Dropped in this Jimmy John's last night after practice to catch up with Missy F. and Sarah R. Conveniently located across the street from Mesa Community College - Well, at least when the roadwork on Southern isn't a mess and a half.Nothing much to say, since we already know the subs are freaky fast and freaky delicious. There's a reason Jimmy John's is a college mainstay for many: Fast, affordable, delivery option, good cure for a "case of the munchies" ... Oops, did I really say that?! My lettuce wrapped "unwich" #12 hold the mayo and cheese was no exception. Friendly customer service. The guys working greeted us on our way in and out. Also, it was super clean (at least what we could see) - even the bathrooms were damn near spotless for a "fast food" joint. Surely, this location will come in handy during outdoor track season with all the meets nearby.
1	The first time I ate here was Oct 2012. My whole office ordered sandwiches to be delivered. I asked for no mayo, when I got my sandwich there was mayo on both sides. When I called back to ask for my correct sandwich to be delivered, the person I spoke to acted so inconvenienced and told me I would have to have the incorrect sandwich to show them. The delivery driver opened it up and inspected it before he would even hand me the new sandwich. Both the person on the phone and the driver were very rude about the whole situation and I swore I would never eat there again. So, it took me until Feb 26th, 2014 to break down and try it again. A co-worker went and picked up and sandwich for each of us. I paid extra for a "club style" sandwich and added onions. When I got my order, it was on regular bread no onions. Reciept was correct, just the sandwich in the bag was wrong. My co-worker's sandwich also had two mistakes. I didn't even bother calling to fix it this time, it'snot worth dealing with the poor customer service. I won't be eating there a 3rd time.
5	I had a late night craving for a fresh sandwich and decided to stop by this Jimmy John's location. It always looks dead so I had very fast service as expected! The prices are reasonable and the food is definitely better quality than Subway. I highly recommend the J.J. Gargantuan. It's pretty big but not as big as it looks in pictures. Ask for cucumbers. It's free!
1	Worst customer service ever.  2 weeks ago waited  4 minutes at drive thru to order, finally pulled to window and employees just weren't paying attention.  Ordered my food, added onions when I said no onions  and forgot my chips.   Today I ordered online at 3:00...at 3:35. No sandwich. I called to cancel and girl tells me she doesn't know how to refund my money...advised her to ask manager..guess we will see what happens. BTW I live less than a mile away!
1	I ordered from thos place and it took them an hour to deliver my order and they forgot my soda. When I called the store they told me they couldn't take the soda off. I will no longer order from here.b
1	Fast delivery but horrible customer service. The guy who answered the phone was rude on the phone when I asked if they had dessert. He even hung up the phone on me when I had more questions!!
