1	This is the only Total Wine I've ever been dissatisfied with, the other locations seem to understand customer service but this location seems to forget than there are two parties involved in a business transaction.It hasn't failed so far that when I come here I will interact with an employee who seems to get some sort of satisfaction out of being rude.  I advise anyone who visits to not ask for help from an employee because you'll likely end up on the receiving end of a monologue about why don't want whatever you asked for or why they don't have it or about how little you know about alcohol when they know so much more.  Ugh...this place is just exhausting, I need a drink after coming here.
5	Good location for tempe marketplace. Far away from all the craziness and traffic aka much easier to get to than bevmo. Other than that it's your typical total wine. The second I walked in a staff member asked me if he could help me find something, and when they didn't have what I was looking for he redirected me to something similar. He knew what he was talking about, and even gave me a little lesson in champagne- Rose to be exact.
1	What a horrid location. Compare this location to others and you will have a very different experience. Employees are very rude. Manager is no better, was in a hurry to get you out of the store and did not care much for getting to the bottom of the problem.If you do need to go to this store, please do yourself a favor do not speak to anyone who works there (even if you are approached). They will find a way to piss you off.
3	next to petsmart so a little far away from the busy side great help there with finding my spirts
4	I don't know why this Total Wine got so many bad reviews when they first opened but it seems they have taken it to heart because I had no less than 3 employees ask me if I needed help while I was perusing the shelves looking for some wine to bring to my sisters house for Christmas. I declined their offers and shopped on my own but I found the store was laid out well and it was easy to find what I needed. I also noticed they had a bigger selection of local wines than the store by my house. I have no complaints.
