1	TOO BUSY TO LISTEN OR TO CARE ABOUT PATIENTS!!!  We thought Dr. Foutz had a nice family-run office.  My husband and I have been patients for about five years.  Dr. Foutz, however, DOES NOT LISTEN.  He is in over his head, and does not know how to correct his costly and life-altering mistakes.  The NTI Bite Guards can cause major structural and alignment problems with the jaw and the bite.  I saw Dr. Foutz a couple of times a month, and each time, shared my concerns.  He told me not to worry about it, to keep wearing the guard.  My bite has been permanently changed because of this.  I now have debilitating TMJ headaches, facial pain, and my bite does not close.  He referred me to an orthodontist for braces that would take 2 years, and cost me $13,000.  My teeth are already perfectly straight! I had braces when I was a kid!!!  At the same time, Dr. Foutz suggested Invisalign for my husband.  He said it would take 12 months, and cost $5500.  His Invisalign was finally removed after more than 30 months of wearing them exactly as directed!!!  His teeth are not even remotely straight- especially one of his front teeth, which is at an angle!!!  Dr. Foutz had the audacity to say he was thrilled with the results, that we were not going to get that tooth to straighten out, and that he should put a veneer on it or do some bonding!!!  After seeing an actual orthodontist, his bite is off, his teeth are a structural mess, and he still needs braces (to the tune of another $5500).  Throughout the entire process, Dr. Foutz would cut us off as we talked, or would run away.  He is obviously too busy to acknowledge patients' concerns.  I called the office and shared my concerns with one of the front office staff.  She said she would speak to him, but I have yet to hear a peep out of the man.  I cannot express how DISAPPOINTED I am.  We adore his front office staff, and thought we had a great relationship with a great dentist :(   BE WARNED!!!  Do yourselves a favor- see someone who knows what he is doing, or at least cares enough to listen!
