5	"Packing Genius" - I hired Grogan Brothers to pack a 17foot Uhaul truck.  When I made the appointment, they gave me tips on the packing supplies to have on hand.  When they arrived to pack the truck, the team, in particular Ron, were smart, fast, and experienced.  When I arrived at my destination, 700 miles later, nothing was broken or damaged, and the guys who unpacked the truck had an easy job to do.In addition, Grogan Brothers were priced lower than other movers I called.   Overall, they earned my stamp of approval.
5	This moving company is fantastic! Not only were they the most competitively priced, but they were one of the most professional movers I have ever used. I was moving furniture from Pittsburgh with 2 stops: Detroit, MI and Lima, OH. These guys got the job done with flying colors. You will not be disappointed!
3	Definitely competitively priced. Communication is not their strong point. I scheduled a move and called back a bunch of times, leaving unreturned messages to ensure it was scheduled and that they had received my signed contract. They were about 1.5hr late for the move ("staffing issues") and I was somewhat turned off by the comment "you don't have to tip us but if you do make sure you give it to us each, I don't trust __[another of the movers]__." Mind you that person had clipped $10 bills to his shirt to show that he accepted gratuity That being said, the move was very quick and relatively painless once they got to work. One of the movers, Rodney, definitely knew what he was doing and instructed the others on how to carry items properly. Luckily, he did the packing of the breakable items as well and was very careful to wrap items numerous times.They bring their own moving blankets and I appreciated how they wrapped the couches and mattresses with saran wrap to prevent damage, it seemed to help.So, other than the sketchiness as above, the move ended up going fine with minimal damage to the walls and items (definitely a plus). Would I go with them again? Yes, if I could ensure that they had a crew with at least a few people who had moved before
