4	Good BBQ chicken sandwich. The specials are always interesting and tasty.
4	I always wanted to try  this cafe, which is right beside my workplace. I definitely recommend it. The restaurant is tucked in the basement of an old building but there is still plenty of natural lighting. The decor is not spectacular but very cozy.  Now on to the food. The food is served cafeteria style: you pick up a tray and your utensils. Plates of delicious sandwiches are laid out on the counter. The combinations of flavors is very interesting. I had a smoked salmon sandwich with grilled veggies. Excellent! The star of the sandwich was definitely the bread. light, fluffy and fresh! Definitely recommended!
4	I was starving and wandering around without a clue where I was and I found here the best sandwich (tomato, brie, pesto, brocolli on wonderful baguette, save half for later!) and the best coffee (served with a lovely macaron and a shot of soda water).
4	Let me start by saying the food here is great! This is another lovely little place hidden away in Old Montreal. If you didn't know it was there odds are you would walk right by never knowing what gastronomic treasures could be found within. Titanic Cafe is tucked in a corner, in the basement of a nondescript building in old Montreal. Don't let the location dissuade you from walking down the 4 steps that lead to the remarkably bright cafe.You have to keep in mind that there is no table service at this cafe you'll have to stand in line cafeteria style to make you choice from the menu that changes every day. Once you get to the end of the line you get to pay the usual old Montreal surcharge, but I will say in this case it's worth every penny.I've had the pleasure of eating here four or five time in the last year and I've never had anything that wasn't made with fresh seasonal ingredients and that didn't taste incredible.If you find yourself in old Montreal and looking for a good place to stop in for lunch Cafe Titanic should be near the top of your list. I hope you enjoy.
4	Tucked inside a small alley in old Montreal close to the Notre Dame Basilica is this gem.   The culinary team of Patrick, Fabian, Sam, Jay, Juan &  Evanivaldo get really creative with their sandwiches.  A soup-sandwich combo will cost you approximately 18 bucks including the taxes. Yes it does sound a bit more for everyday lunch, but the sandwiches are huge and the ingredients are really fresh not to mention incredibly yummy.  This place gets really busy during lunch. They have around 10 tables, a communal table & a diner style communal table. Definitely worth a visit.Food -  Good Service - FreindlyAmbiance - CosyWorth the money - Yes
