4	Stuck alone in a new city driving around looking for a place to enjoy my lunch hour, a sign caught my eye in a strip mall.  New Zealand?  My mind flashed back to my college trip to the Kiwi Isle.  Back then I was determined to eat something New Zealand other than the fruit.  Everytime I asked where a good "New Zealand style" restaurant would be I ended up directed to a mediocre Chinese buffet.  Sorry, New Zealanders that is from China; the Maoris did not invent General Tso's chicken.  Perhaps my culinary quest was at an end.  I pulled in to the boring suburban strip mall and 'Sushi bar' was stenciled on the windows underneath.  Slightly disappointed I decided to give it a whirl anyway, though a bit skeptical that sushi in a southern suburb might resemble that in a King of the Hill episode that was derived from canned tuna.  Opening the door however I delighted to see a very tastefully decorated and quaint interior with what looked to be actual Asians and not disguised Mexicans.  I, of course, tried the local Charlotte roll which was an Avocado on top style, my favorite.  It was delicious.  I'm quite pleased with my strip mall gem.Update: Since eaten here around a dozen times.  I've tried tons of their specialty rolls.  My favorites were the:HOT Roll - jalapeno, spicy tuna, cream cheese!Ichiban Spicy Roll - Spicy Tuna, Crab, Avocado, red sauceBombing Roll - Fried in mint leafWasabi Salmon Roll (w/ out mayo, eeg) - it's beautifulRainbow Roll - Even more beautiful and deliciousAlso, good is the fried banana 'sushi' (which is more than enough for one person), the red bean ice cream and the really good service.  It was a sad goodbye my last week there eating 5 times.  Thanks everyone there!
5	New Zealand is one of the first restaurants I ever visited in Charlotte. I ate there before I even moved into town officially. And no, I'm not sure why it's called New Zealand, as it's clearly a sushi joint...but it's a GOOD sushi joint, and the prices are really good. I've eaten at a few sushi places around Charlotte, and New Zealand is one of my favorites.I might not be the best sushi evaluator, as I won't eat anything that had a mother. However, I've never eaten anything bad at New Zealand, and I've frequented the place with pleased meat eaters several times. My favorites are the seaweed salad and the edamame. They've got some interesting desserts, like the red bean and green tea ice cream. I kind of like the tall tables, too...One day, I'm going to order one of those giant sushi boats!
5	We randomly discovered the New Zealand Cafe in this little strip plaza at the corner of Sardis and Monroe and noticed that every time we saw it, it looked quite busy, even during weeknights.  We decided to give it a try one Wednesday evening and understood why.  They have a pretty extensive Asian menu, including a wide variety of sushi.  We tried a tuna crunch roll to start and I literally could have eaten about 5 or 6 of those for my dinner and been completely satisfied (not to mention very full).  The roll was so full of flavor and only very lightly fried.   Nevertheless, I also ordered one of their hot chicken entrees, the spicy Thai curry chicken, too.  It came in a bento box with the chicken entree, rice, a few fried shrimp, dipping sauces, a salad with ginger dressing, and a crab cheese wonton.  All for under $6.  At dinner.  Wow.  It was VERY delicious and well worth the price.  What a find the New Zealand Cafe was!  We'll definitely be back for a very reasonably priced, hot, delicious meal.  I can't wait to try more of their sushi and hot entree options!
5	Wow.....all I gotta say is Wow. You wouldn't think driving around in Matthews that this random lil strip mall would provide amaaaazing sushi. But yes I did. A friend of ours who had discovered this sushi heaven decided to take us Charlotte newbies for a real sushi treat. Coming from NYC where good Sushi restaurants are a dime a dozen....I was a bit skeptical. I mean there isn't a true shoreline here in Charlotte. How fresh can the seafood really get? very very fresh is the answer. The restaurant itself is very homey and the service is always polite and fast. The sushi chefs themselves are a bit very slow. Probably because its a father son duo doing their thing. But the wait is worth it. We ordered like 8 rolls and the 3 of us ate and ate till we couldn't eat anymore. the menu is extensive and well priced. But the sauces were the real winners for me. Most of the specialty sushi rolls come with this amazing spicy sauces and they are just divine. I didn't care for the rolls with roe in it because it was a bit too fishy for me. But the rest of the rolls were rocking ;o) Definite try for all sushi snobs and sushi virgins too :o)
5	GO THERE! is all I can say! The food is delicious! I had it on Tuesday night and I am going back tonight to have this yummy yummy yummy food. I even had leftovers from Tuesday night and ate it as breakfast the next morning. I swear it tasted better, lol. Customer service is wonderful, although the place is a bit cramped... you can tell its becoming popular. I wont be surprised if they need a new location. I am so happy to have found a new place to eat out at, and close to home!!
5	New Zealand Cafe is the best sushi place in Charlotte, hands down! Especially for the price. It may be small and not as trendy as Nikkos (which I love as well), but it constantly delivers!
5	This place never disappoints - probably the best sushi place that I have found in Charlotte. And yes...gulp...it's in a strip mall. But the atmosphere is cozy and the wait staff is very friendly. The sushi is great and fresh - and there are a variety of options for those that aren't into sushi. They also serve beer and wine.
5	I finally made my first trip to New Zealand Cafe to find out what all the fuss is about and dang if you kids weren't lying.We made it there just in time on a Sunday evening so that we didn't have to wait for a table and started things off with some edamame and a couple sushi rolls.  The edamame was extra salty (just how I like it) and the sushi was delish!I ordered the Trio Special as an entree (I think that was the name).  It consisted of chicken, beef and shrimp in a spicy brown sauce along with your choice of brown rice or garlic noodles.  It is served with a small salad, with what seem to be a watered down shrimp sauce as the dressing, two crab ragoons, and two small chicken skewers.  All for $6.95, are you kidding me?The service was excellent I considered deducting a star because the place is so small, but hey, I like it like that.  I had a to go box that did not survive very long and as others have mentioned the leftovers were awesome!  I definately recommend you check this place out and you can get out real cheap if you skip the apps/sushi/alcohol.
4	I was very confused when I first arrived not at all what I was expecting but my friend had been a few times and said it was good so I of course listened and met him there!First off pretty small and we were lucky to get a table. I recommend to go on a not so busy time (meaning not 7-7:30) The food was pretty good we just did an assortment of rolls and some edamame and Pot Stickers. I was most impressed by the service they were very attentive and made some really good recommendations
4	Strange name for a sushi joint! The menu said that it was actually a chain that offered Asian and New Zealand cuisines. I'm not sure which items were more New Zealand-esce because I mainly saw typically Japanese dishes/sushi options. After getting past the restaurant name and confusion, I was able to concentrate on their extensive menu. As their sign outside indicates, they offer some sashimi between $1-$1.75. In addition, they have a lot of rolls to choose from. I got the spicy tuna and veggie tempura rolls ($4.95 and $4.55). Very good! The pricing was great!Like others have indicated, the space is small with seating for maybe 12 in the middle, 6 high/stool tables on the sides, and a sushi bar to fit 3 at the front. The service is okay, but lacked on refilling drinks. When you go, be assertive or you may go without. This location is in the Harris Teeter strip mall area. It's tucked away next to a nail salon. I wish it was closer to where I lived because I'm sure I would go here more often (I get sushi cravings regularly). If you love sushi, try this place...all of the previous reviews are right on!
4	Had take-out from here the other night... We were in the mood for sushi, read the reviews on Yelp and just decided to go for it. We weren't disappointed. I can't comment on atmosphere, (as we had take-out and my significant other picked it up.  I still haven't seen the place, but I am familiar with where it is. We had an order of edamame, and 4 maki rolls (Crispy Bagel, California, Crispy Spicy Tuna, and Crab Cream Cheese Avocado) as well as an order of their garlic noodles. Everything was delicious aside from the noodles... yuck. Won't bother with those again. The sushi was fresh and fabulous. We'll definitely be back, at least for take-out! Yum!!
4	This was a little bit out of the way for me, but it was worth the drive. It's a cute little place, and I mean little--it probably seats 40 if all the tables are full. If there is a wait you have to stand outside, which is not so great on a chilly night. Despite the small size and large number of people waiting for tables, it only took about 10 minutes for us to get a table. This might have been because we were just 2, but they do seem to turn over tables efficiently.In terms of food, the sushi was fantastic and reasonably priced. They have a tempura vegetable roll, which is a welcome change to the "typical" veggie sushi rolls that involve some combination of avocado, cucumber, asparagus, and carrots. They also have fried tofu nigiri, which is one of my favorites. The rest of the menu isn't super vegetarian-friendly, but there are a couple of options.I will definitely be visiting again!
4	I love this place. I feel that if they expanded, it just wouldnt be the same, I think the atmosphere is conducive to its size, and having a small wait at the door is perfect for this small little joint.The sushi i ordered, Spicy Tuna Maki, Eel Dragon, Fire Cracker Roll and Shrimp Tempura roll, 4 orders total, came out on a giant boat, which made me feel like a pig, but after the first bites of each roll, I wasnt caring what anyone else was thinking. Service was friendly and attentive, and we got everything we ordered, and fast. This is s great spot. I look forward to doing it again soon!
4	Fresh and fun and tiny and cozy.  Friendly service. Sports tv playing on the screens in the corners. Good food, good prices. I've had the mango chicken and the bento box with sushi. Very tasty chicken (along with sesame noodles, salad, shrimp, and crab rangoon).  Bento box was a winner as well...the sushi was fabulous and fresh.  First time had the NZ white wine, second time the Kikkoman plum wine. The NZ was especially nice with the mango chicken. Eclectic mixture of people both times. I love the mood at this place. Hard to define. Welcoming but not intrusive.
5	So we were a little skeptical about eating at what yelp advertised as a one $ sushi place but I must admit we were impressed when we sat down. The food is awesome and the ambiance is pleasant. Definitely a new favorite!!!
5	Hands down the best sushi place in town! And you wouldn't even believe that when you see the place, but its super yummy. I love all their sushi rolls! The prices are well price, quality is good, sushi is good and you will not leave being disappointed if you are a sushi lover!The only downfall is that this place is so tiny, it only holds about 40 people. So if you go during dinner time there is usually a 20-60 minute wait. I like to go during lunch hour or before the dinner rush. But there has been time where I've waited for over an hour to get a seat. Recommended Sushi Rolls: Sweet Dragon RollCrunch Max RollCaterpillar Roll Spider RollDragon Roll
4	Years ago I was in this shopping center and I looked at New Zealand Cafe Sushi and I thought to myself that place looks like it would be sketchy.  It looked like it was a large space and would have a lot of televisions.  Fast forward a couple of years, some good Yelp reviews and an invitation from friends, well maybe I should give it a chance.The place is tiny, it has about 9 tables and 4 seats at the sushi bar with a bunch of televisions. Televisions are in the darndest places. The food is delicious.  There is more to offer than sushi, but I have only been twice and sushi is the only thing that I order.  I might go as far as saying it is my favorite sushi restaurant.  Every roll has been delicious, well, except for one. Tonight we ordered a California roll with tuna and the tuna was mushy on top, my husband said it was like cat food.  That was a bit disappointing, but not enough to make me deduct a star and certainly not enough to keep me from returning. My favorite roll tonight had diced jalapenos and it was burn the baby hot. It made me cry tears of happiness. Booooohoooooo.
4	Yummy....Yummy. Finally a good sushi restaurant with awesome prices. This place really surprised me...I looked at the prices before I went and I have to be honest I was a little sketched out about going here. Definitely a wonderful surprise. $1 Sushi WHAT. There was a great $1 sushi place in Raleigh and this place really brings me back. This will be a staple in my restaurant book from now on. I didn't try anything on the menu besides sushi but the Ichiban Spicy Roll has won me over. Great service, awesome sushi and sushi chefs. One side note the place is very small and obviously people are catching on to the good food it was packed.
5	Best sushi in town. Hands down. Just saying. =)But no, seriously, for the price, you couldn't do better! People go for atmosphere these days rather than the quality of food and getting your money's worth. This is the place to be if you actually want good sushi!
3	After reading a ton of great reviews on this teeny little sushi spot, hubs and I just had to make the trip down to New Zealand Cafe. We're both sushi fanatics, loving (and eating) everything from yellowtail sashimi to creative maki rolls. NZ Cafe really is tucked away from the street - hidden in a strip mall off of Sardis Rd. The inside is interesting and super small. When we stopped by here we counted roughly 40 possible seats in the place - and that would be a tight fit! Regardless, we were able to grab a four-top and sit comfortably while we perused their menu(s). And what a menu it was! We were each given four different menus: one solely for sushi, one dinner menu, a specials menu and one other blue menu that I didn't even get a chance to look at. I was a bit overwhelmed! The service was attentive and friendly and our waitress was please to offer up a few suggestions from their specialty roll menu. Here is what we went with:Steamed Potstickers (Pork): Six tasty postickers served with a nice, light soy sauce. These potstickers were nicely flavored, especially with the sauce. *I'm not a roe fan, so we chose to abstain from all fish roe from every roll. Dynamite Roll: Spicy yellowtail, crab and avocado. While I wasn't super impressed for this roll (a bit mushy and lacking flavor), it was $4.95. That's a steal in anyone's book.Tuna Crunchy Roll: I really wanted to love this roll, but it was just way too fried for my taste. The outside was super crunchy, stiff and too heavy. Plus, the roll came out piping hot and I'm not a fan of hot tuna rolls. Pink Roll: Tempura shrimp, spicy tuna, cod wrapped in soy paper. This was a pretty good roll but HUGE! So large that I had to gnaw off half at a time. I'm sure that looked super hot. Ichiban Roll: Spicy albacore tuna, crab, avocado, topped withspicy tuna and wasabi mayo with a dash of Sriracha on top. I liked the flavor of this roll quite a bit, as it's definitely got a kick. I wish it had a little more texture, though. Maybe some crunchies on top would help? While I definitely see the appeal of New Zealand Cafe, the cheap rolls, generous portions and creative combinations, it didn't blow me away like I thought it would. Considering it's a bit of a hike from my house, I'm not sure I'll be coming back often, but I definitely want to give this little gem another try in the near future.
3	Oh New Zealand, I wanted to like you for so much more than your wine from Marlborough, especially after the drive to find you, but unfortunately a 3 star s all I can commit. The place is small and quaint and deserves the "cafe" name. The menu is extensive with pictures (not a fan of pictures food on a menu as a norm) and the prices are CHEAP, which is the best part of the place. Had some steamed pot stickers for an appetizer and while good, they could use a bit more flavor. Then ordered 4 rolls, most recommended, and they came out on a funky boat which was cool. They tuna crunchy roll was way too hot and fried for my taste. My favorite roll was the pink roll and would order it again and again. Ichiban and Dynamite roll were good too, though the Ichiban could have used something extra. All in all, the price is hard to beat and I will try it again when I'm in the area and try a few different rolls.
3	Kind of glad i wasn't the first one to give it 3 stars. i did really dig this place for making a cool little restaurant in a standard looking strip mall. It was quite a trek out there for us, but looking at 20+ reviews of only 4 and 5 stars was convincing. Not being a huge sushi eater, i went with the H.O.T. rolls and something i knew i'd enjoy in the buffalo shrimp dinner. For non-sushi fans, the H.O.T. rolls really don't have any sort of gross sushiness to them, so a good choice in that respect. They didn't wow us all that much though. The buffalo shrimp came with rice, a salad and two sticks of chicken. The rice and shrimp were good and the salad was decent with a couple cucumbers, but the chicken on a stick was like something you find on a Chinese buffet.My wife, the reason i frequently end up at sushi places was happy with the prices, but didn't think the sushi stood out from others (Nikko or Edomae) . She ordered the rainbow roll and the bagel roll. The rainbow roll didn't seem to have all that great quality of fish, some of it was chewy. The bagel roll was like a ground salmon that didn't have the typical salmon flavor she was expecting from sushi. She's still convinced that the quality of Nikko's sushi is still superior.
4	When we arrived to the location, he said, OH OH, this is not going to be good, the outside look does not invite you to go inside, but this place was highly recomend for a friend, that we said, well let's try... Inside it looks much better...The attention was really good, the ladies were really nice and check on us all the time.The food, well, GREAT  food!! Fresh and tasty!!!! I highly recomend this place for a great sushi experience. I did not give 5 star because it took a while for them to bring our food.
5	No doubt best sushi in town..Jackie rocks.
5	Love this place!  Great sushi, great prices, only warning is you need to get there early as it is not a big space.  Place is always crowded though which should tell you something.  Best sushi I have had in Charlotte.
5	I returned again - and I still think this place rocks - their rolls are huge their sushi is good and even though its small and crowded the staff is very attentive.
5	Still our favorite Sushi in town, have not been here for months just revisted twice in last month. Treated a friend from Raleigh this last visit. They were very impressed. We did have a wait, arrived during the busiest part of evening but well worth it.
5	Best sushi and sashimi in all of Charlotte!
4	What a great find!! This place has amazing sushi at a great price. It is a bit small but the sushi is worth the wait.
5	Hands down my favorite sushi restaurant.  The only problem I have with New Zealand Cafe is that I spend too much of my paycheck there and eat until I'm busting.  Food is great as well as the service.  Can't wait until my wife delivers the baby so we can get back to our weekly ritual.
5	This was, hands down, the best sushi I have ever had.  For that reason, it's no wonder locals tout New Zealand Cafe as having the best sushi in all of Charlotte!The restaurant is a hole-in-the-wall in a somewhat dated strip mall.  It's very tiny with less than ten tables.  I went on a Saturday night and waited only two minutes before our party of two was seated at the sushi bar per our request.Despite it's size and location, the sushi is absolutely delicious.
4	Who would have thought! You couldn't guess it from the location and by the way it looks but this place is a great sushi find. I wouldn't go as far as trying the dollar sushi but they definitely have some great items.The place is pretty small, I usually head straight to the bar for quick service. My favorite item now is The Boss roll, very fresh and delicious. You should definitely try it!
4	Overall excellent sushi. As a NY'er and a foodie and a sushi snob I fully endorse this place.Decent to good service.  Fresh fish.  Creative rolls. This has become my go to place.
5	Great place with great service and sushi! Everything was very fresh and for very reasonable prices. I spent $56 on tons of food for 2 people that I would have spent double in most sushi restaurants. The place must have a lot of return customers bc the owners and staff greet many by their first name. I highly recommend this place and when I visit SC again, I will definitely make another stop here!
5	AMAZING sushi rolls. My favorites here are their tempura rolls or unique creations of the sushi chefs (they have 3 sushi menus...)My favorites?Thousand Island, Ichiban Spicy, Spicy Scallop and Supercrunch. These are prepared to perfection and served by their very friendly waitstaff. They know thier NZ sushi--ask them anything!ALWAYS packed at night, but worth the wait. Small dining room with even smaller sushi bar... but you still get outstanding service.
5	Stellar.  Awesome prices. great sushi, especially for the price.
4	When I first visited Charlotte back in September, this was the first restaurant I visited (seeing its very close to Inner Peaks).The rolls are cheap/moderately priced, the staff are friendly and the atmosphere is very homey.The one thing that really stands out is the sushi chef's attention to detail and focus on ACTUALLY giving a dang about presentation. They're also relatively innovative with the rolls offered; my one friend had the Island Roll which was wrapped in cucumber strips rather than seaweed and rice. Pretty rad.Yeah, I'm pretty sure I'll drop in here quite a bit whenever I'm in the area.
4	New Zealand Cafe is a treasure hidden in an old strip mall.  The food is good and inexpensive -- a great combination, in my book.  Sushi is one of those things I am always hesitant to order (although I usually enjoy it once I do), so I have yet to try any of NZC's offerings in that area.  However, their bento-box esque dinners are delicious.  For $6-10, depending on your selection, you get the main entree, two chicken skewers, two crab rangoons, rice, and a salad.  It's hard to beat that value, especially when it tastes so good.  I especially recommend the Fantasy Shrimp (with a unique, delicious fruity mayonnaise sauce) or the Crispy Scallops.The only reason I New Zealand Cafe doesn't get 5 stars is because the inside is cramped, which means that the lines can be long and the dining crowded if you don't feel like take out.
5	You would never know it by the location and name but this is the best sushi in town. Way better than Rusan's or Nikko's!! If you like sushi this is a must try.
5	I'm going to give this place a 4.5 and an extra .5 star for the wait staff enthusiasm.  Have to agree with most of the reviews of this place since it is very unassuming and located in a strip mall.  The place has a lot of charm and personality and I am really glad it is in my neck of the woods.  I can totally see myself becoming a regular here.I had the Tuna Crunchy Roll and the Sweet Dragon Roll which were both outstanding for the price.  We did have a little bit of a wait because there was a huge sushi order prior to ours... It was pretty amazing to see 4-5 sushi boats filled to the brim be delivered over to a 4 person table.  They ended up not finishing everything and having 3 full size take home boxes of sushi!  Maybe they were bringing them over to an adult baseball league afterwards...  It was a ton of sushi. Can't wait to go back and sample more rolls and maybe a bento box or 30.  The menu took a while to read through, but I'm sure all the options are just as good as what I ordered.The wait-staff was very warm and inviting... one of the waitresses in particular recognized some regulars and it was hard not to be swept up in her enthusiasm.  Definitely hard to find positive people like that now a days especially in a tough position serving others.
5	SO SO SO good! The sushi is always fresh & delicious and the wait staff is super friendly! Great sushi for spicy food lovers!
5	Awesome prices, attentive service, and great food. The mango chicken was excellent, and their sushi selection was wide and innovative. In spite of being in a strip mall, the restaurant is pleasant and inviting for dining in. The place is quite small, however, so if you come during peak dinner hours, be prepared to wait. It's worth it!
5	I love the sushi here.  It's a bit more expensive than your Harris Teeter fare,  but the taste is a world of a difference away!  I think you really get what you pay for.  The food is okay,  but the sushi is really what sells.  The place is a bit small and very tight especially during peak hours.
3	I had been looking forward to visiting this place after hearing how good the sushi was but I found the sushi to be just ok.  The place is quite small so timing is everything if you want to eat in.  I had the family chicken with mixed veggies, rice, salad, 2 shrimp, and 2 crab rangoons for $6.95, great deal for all that you get and it was pretty good.  I also had a crunchy lobster salad roll which looked great but it was way too chewy and the crunch was actually wet and mushy........yuk!  So, I'm not sure if that means the seaweed wrap was old or what but it was not cool.  The service was nice and friendly and it seems like a popular place but I doubt I'll return for a second visit.
5	Amazing!  Jackie never ever let's me down.  Ive eaten hear at least 50 times and it is always excellent.  I east sushi all over the country and this is some of the best I've found stateside.  Tip:  ask for a spicy smoked salmon skin hand roll.  I eat two to three each time.  Don't bring a large group but do bring patience as they are busy EVERY day during lunch and dinner.  Worth the wait!
4	Love this place! I got here for lunch from time to time because I love sushi and you can get some really good sushi for a very low price. Their other offerings, such as the Chicken and Crab Bento Box with a bunch of fixings, are excellent as well. Not one complaint or bad thing to say about their food.The place is small but there always somewhere to sit. I love how the have the sushi chefs at the back wall of the restaurant so you can see all the stuff being made.Great selection of different dishes if you're not into sushi and decent selection of standard Asian beers, wines and sake.My only complaint is the wait time which is why they did not get the 5th start from me. It seems that every time I've gone it takes longer than usual to have our food delivered to the table. Not unreasonable but noticeably.Aside from that you're gonna love this quaint little  place.
5	I took a chance trying this place but I heard some people say that's the only place they'll eat sushi.  I had 2 pieces of sushi and they were very fresh but I was saving room for an entree.  They have a great selection of food and I was very impressed at the taste, presentation and quantity of food.  I'll definitely be back!
5	*Ding, Ding, Ding, Ding* I've found a winner! Ok, so for the past two days (June 7th & 8th), the hubs and I have been celebrating and partying like we were back in College. It was our 3rd Anniversay and my 27th birthday so we hit up a few places in Charlotte and we were not disappointed. After we checked out of the Sierra Hotel (which I will be reviewing in a lil' bit) the hubs took me to New Zealand Cafe for lunch. It's off North Sardis road in a strip mall type setting.I was really excited to be having lunch here b/c all the sushi buffs I know have been saying this is the best sushi in Charlotte. AND THEY WEREN'T LIEING! At first glance I didn't know what to make of the decor, it's a hodge-podge of japanese design/nautical elements/viking-esque wall art. But I wasn't here for the decor, I wanted to inhale some SUSHI! We were greeted instantly and told to grab a seat, so we sat near the door as everywhere else was taken. I can't remember the name of our server, but she was very petite and wore a big smile. She took our drink order and handed us three different menus. The hubs told her it was my birthday and with that she smiled and said, "Oooh you get a free meal today!" I was estatic, I showed her my DL and she pointed out what I could order for free. I chose the Hibachi Chicken and Shrimp platter, I also ordered a Sweet Dragon Roll and the hubs ordered a Rainbow Roll.It took about 10 minutes and I was in Sushi heaven...the sweet dragon roll was perfect dipped in my concoction of soy sauce, wasabi and mayo dipping sauce. Now on to the Hibachi Chicken and Shrimp platter that came out in a cute little tray. It was an assortment of crab-n-creme cheese wontons, chicken on a stick, broccoli, onions. zuchini and of course shrimp and chicken. It was sooo good! The sushi was so fresh, you could tell they use the best ingredients. The portion was the perfect size although I could not finish the entire roll but the hubs was on hand to polish off what I couldn't.All-in-all, New Zealand Cafe gets five stars for it's friendly servers, mom and pop feel and quality sushi! :-)
1	Sushi is my favorite food, and being new to Charlotte, I relied on Yelp to give me some recommendations. Therefore, I gave New Zealand Cafe a shot, despite the already questionable restaurant name.I suppose it is unfair since I am comparing my experiences to sushi restaurants in Los Angeles and Boston (hometown and schooltown), so I will just cover the things that should NEVER happen at a sushi restaurant just to be fair.1. If you are going to be a sushi waitress, please pronounce the menu correctly! Tuna is said, MAguro, not maGURO. Please get the inflection right.2. When ordering nigiri, it should not turn into an order of sashimi and rice. Nigiri means sashimi STICKS to the rice, which = not falling apart.3. It is very unappetizing to see blood from your sashimi on your dish.4. Green tea from a tea bag? Really?5. If you offer fried ice cream (I'm assuming this is tempura?), why does it only come in vanilla when you have green tea and red bean on the ice cream menu as well?See, I haven't even got into the freshness of the sushi (which not all of it was made to order since I sat at the sushi bar) or the sashimi, or any complicated standards that I usually have. I am sorry, if this is the best sushi in Charlotte, because it was the worse sushi I have ever had, then I suppose it says a lot about the food scene.If anyone has any recommendations for sushi, please please please send me a message!
5	This is the best Sushi in town! Hands down! Small and quaint atmosphere.. no fluff! The food is beautifully crafted and tastes even better!!
2	Oof.  Came here on the high opinions of others, but found the sushi to be severely disappointing.Buddies and I ordered a boatload of sushi and most, if not all, was not fresh.  It was on the cheaper Monday night and I'm assuming that the reason it's priced so low is because it is the leftover sushi from the high volumes they probably move on the weekend.  It only makes sense that they charge like a dollar for a piece bc the sushi isn't as fresh.I probably won't be back bc I really wanted good sushi and didn't like it very much here.  If there are other recommendations, pls suggest away.dmo out.
5	I've been to New Zealand Cafe several times and have never been disappointed with their sushi or service. In fact, this is probably the best sushi I've ever had. It is, by far, the best sushi in Charlotte (Yes, better than Cowfish). You can't go wrong with any of their specialty rolls. Love the christmas roll
4	Go here for the sushi, it's awesome! The spicy salmon skin rolls are the bomb. Prices are great, service is great.
5	Teeny tiny, and in a strip shopping center...don't let that stop you from experiencing fabulous food. My neighbors from South Africa discovered it...my first clue that it was going to be great. They have excellent and out-of-the-ordinary taste in food. Good service in small space. Really odd atmosphere, but tons of delicious food. It will take you 10 minutes to read the menu and decide. It's extensive!! Sushi, teriyaki, stir fry, vegetarian, seafood, beef, chicken, platter...holy cow!!! We do a LOT of takeout. Best fried rice in town. You sit RIGHT next to your neighbor, kind of like a exotic neighborhood diner.
2	I am always in search of a great sushi place with fresh fish and decent prices and I was really hoping NZ Cafe would fit the bill. We walked in and the place was absolutely slammed for a Monday, so that was a great sign.The seating is a bit too close for comfort in my opinion- conversations next to us were distracting as I am sure we were to others as well. Service was poor and slow . We had two servers (I think?), my point is that I really had no idea who our actual server was.we ordered four rolls:christmas, sweet dragon, crazy, and discoveryWe only really cared for two out of four (s.d and christmas) - disovery was one of the worst rolls I have ever had - very fishy tasting and honestly sloppy.I had an issue with the overall temperature of all the rolls - very warm and the avocado on the rolls was a mushy mess. We must have read the menu wrong because we thought we were getting three unfried rolls and one fried but two ended up being over-fried almost to the point where they lost any of the delicateness of sushi. Lastly I am a big fan of wasabi and tend to add quite a bit to my low sodium soy, but they must have super-salty wasabi paste because it was almost inedible....and not spicy enough. On a positive note the wooden boat displays were a really cool idea and certainly warranted us taking a few photos. Overall though, the distance and quality make this a no-go for me ...
5	I love this place. It's my favorite sushi restaurant. It's small, but that makes it more intimate and not full of people. The food is delicious and the service is great. It can be a little bit expensive for me, but that's normal with sushi.
4	One of my favorite places to order takeout!  Consistently great food. Don't judge it by the strip shopping center location. Fresh awesome Sushi and great service.
3	Two stars for the cuisine, not bad but nothing special. In fact I'd rate it dead last among the Asian restaurants I got used to. I'm giving it an additional star for the cheap prices and the fun, funky vibe of the place, but I'm being generous.These are the combined results of a dinner and a lunch at that restaurant. The hot and sour soup is not too great and doesn't taste like any Thai soup I ever had, the miso soup was ok but heavy on the tofu. The spicy Thai red curry chicken tastes vaguely Indonesian rather than Thai, no biggie but it was run of the mill- I had better at cheap Thai luncheon places, The crispy scallops tasted pretty good but it was a waste of scallops, no one could tell what was smothered under that sauce. I know it was only $9 for the dinner but still. The dressing on the salad that came with it was tasteless as well. The large specialty rolls are ok , the cheap small ones are a waste of time.The dumplings are ok. Pleasant enough for a cheap neighborhood joint but if this is what rates 5 stars in Charlotte I'm going to be missing Miami real bad.
2	I love this place, it's so funky and comfy but ...... I had one of the worst Tuna steaks I've ever eaten. Dry, plus when you intend to serve it rare you don't start grilling when it's still cold, it has to warm up to room temp first, doh!I'm no cook but I can grill a better tasting Tuna loin in 5 minutes - not up to par with better restaurants but certainly better than what I had last night.
5	Best sushi in Charlotte!!! We just moved back from Europe and know fresh sushi. The staff is great too. Must get there early or you'll have to wait - but it's worth the wait!  Light on the rice and heavy on fresh fish :). Only thing I would like to see a change in is a better quality wine selection.
3	above average to good sushi at compelling prices. Service is....deliberate.
4	After all these years working in the area and living not far away, and even being told to make it to New Zealand, I never had done so.  One day, we decided to pop in, and who should be there but Julia S.?  Sometimes things just work out that way.First, do not expect a lot from the atmosphere.  You are in a strip mall, after all, and you have to dig somewhat to find the place - but once inside, you get maybe a dozen tables, and it can get cramped since they get a bit busy.Service is good, however, and the food is good too.  I really cannot comment on the sushi itself, as I am not much of an expert, but I find that it is better than some (Ru San's), and perhaps not as good as others (Osaka).  There are some cool options (the boat was a neat touch).  You also get a lot of food for the price.  Definitely worth checking out if you are in the area.
5	This is my favorite sushi spot in Charlotte. Great customer service super friendly staff!! Give it a try!
3	Dont let the Dumb name fool you, this is a good sushi place with no "New Zealand" food or flair. It is a small little place with some good fresh sushi! This is the first place in Charlotte that I have actually really liked their food, as far as sushi goes that is. When you do go there, know that you will be sitting very close to other patrons and will be able to hear what everyone is talking about in the restaurant. The staff is very friendly and accommodating towards odd orders which is nice. The Spicy Mayo is very Mayoie or however you spell that word. Go there on your Birthday and you will get a free meal, 21 and over and make sure you bring your ID. I recommend this place as long as your in the area. I will be going back!
5	Great place and our kids loved it!  Excellent service. Worth the wait, because it is small and crowded.
3	I loved the sushi so much that I'd like to give 5 stars....but that would be overlooking other factors.  All the chairs there are high...the kind that make your feet dangle over the side as they can't reach the ground.  This is painful for people with certain medical conditions.  My wife was in pain the entire time we were there.Also, the place was very tightly packed.  The tables were too small to allow you to stretch out at all.The food was pretty good but I probably won't go back.
3	This people are so nice I hate to leave it on that sour a note. The place is great, the service is great.  Please, pretty please find a better chef and raise dinner prices accordingly. Trying to serve a complete quality dinner for $6.95 today is ludicrous.
5	The food and the staff are excellent!
1	I've been here many times so after having a bad experience I naturally wanted to try it again and make sure it wasn't just an off night. I tried it 3 more times and all were bad, the quality of the sushi has definitely diminished. The sushi smells really fishy and it doesn't taste fresh. The last time I tried it I got really sick. Rolls I've had: Big Boss, Crunchy, Supper Spicy and Charlotte Roll. I am really disappointed as this was one of my favorite sushi places :o(
4	Great sushi. I'm obsessed with their tempura veggie roll! i've tried many others and have not been disappointed yet. Their entrees are alright, the best that i've had is their Chili pepper shrimp and that packed some serious heat. Their crab ragoons which they call crab cheese raviolli is disappointing and lacks flavor as well as substance. But if your looking for take out sushi this is your place, you can stay and eat but they are usually pretty busy and are tucked in a small space in a strip mall off monroe rd. and can get loud and crowded.
5	Wouldn't have thought to go in here for sushi, but on the recommendation of several friends we tried it, and the food is fantastic.  Also, I personally find the small and slightly unfinished dining area welcoming, and for a Sushi place, very unique.
4	A friend recommended this place otherwise we never would have found it. Dont let the strip mall location turn you off. Its a tiny hole in the wall but the sushi is amazing and almost as good as RuSans! It is now our go to sushi place almost weekly! Rolls are creative and delicious... Try the favorite roll -ironically my favorite roll! Salt and pepper calamari and lettuce wraps are are good starters. Also good yo go with people who are not sushi fans as their dishes are really good too. If you go on the weekend go early... Gets crowded and its small.
5	I just wanted to update my review by letting everyone know that not only is this the best sushi in Charlotte but some of the best in the country. Jackie is the man at making mind blowing sushi creations. Don't let the strip mall that this place is located in or the size of New Zealand Cafe deter you. All the people you'll see waiting for a table should be a good indication of just how good this sushi is. If you don't want to wait for a table I would highly recommend going early (before 6:30) or later (around 8:30). It is definitely worth your time to experience some of the best sushi around these parts!
1	I'd just like to say as a born and bred New Zealander the only thing NZ about the place is the sign and some wine. I'd understand if this was listed under pacific fusion but after looking at the menu the name makes little sense apart from perhaps capitalizing off our image...
5	This is our go-to place. The sushi is always amazing. They also have really great chinese-style stir fries that are great for people who aren't fans of sushi. The staff is great, and it's a cozy place. Always busy so give yourself extra time in case there's a wait.
4	This is my favorite hang out. I'm not one of those people that likes going out to eat alone, but this place is a second home. this is also my dinner 1-2 twice a week and I would go more if I could. The food is so inexpensive and good quality and quantity. The staff is fantastic and gets to know you really well.My only complaint is that I can get stuck in a cycle of ordering the same items. Sushi Bento Box, BBQ Salomon, and Atlantic Rolls are my favorites.  But that is only because the food is so good. As it has been said in past reviews, go really early for dinner or late, it's normally packed and you do have to wait. However lunch is great, never packed, even on weekends.And remember to tip your waitress!
4	I came here with my wife and kids.  Upon arriving around 7:30 noticed there were a lot of people outside.  The wait was about 40 minutes and for a Friday night not bad.  With that said this place is worth the wait.  Service was excellent and the food was great.  I even got sushi to go.  My kids 4, 11, and 13 loved it.  The price is also a plus.  I would definitely recommend this place.  We will definitely be back to try some mire great sushi!!
4	I've been going to New Zealand Cafe since they opened.  (Can anyone remember when it was a Sub Dudes? Yea.. Still amazed at how much of the decor they kept--but I digress.)New Zealand Cafe makes you think you're going to be eating Kiwi foods, but you're not.  I still don't quite understand the connection in that light but it is what it is.  Now if you're looking for a great and fair priced Bento Box, Sushi, or a spread of menu items that are all quite tasty and again well priced then you are in for a treat.  We've roamed the menu over the last few years and while I often get Sashimi bentos or some collection of Sushi rolls, when I am hungry I'll grab a roll and a entree and still feel like I made out great.The service is interesting; sometimes we feel like we're coming home--sometimes we feel like we need to wave for a glass of water.  Just go with a bit of room in your flexibility for service.  This also includes patience.  This place has got to be no larger than 800sqft of sitting space which translates into a waiting game if you go any time near dining hours.  We will always go early, or go late, but never go during dinner rush.If you don't like waiting, and you really need to be doted upon there are many places in Charlotte that will charge you waaaay waaay waaay more for the same quality of food.  I'd rather afford a healthy amount of great food than pay for a store owners overhead.  You're going to have to make that choice.So if you want some great sushi and bento combos head on over.  Hell you even get a free meal on your birthday--now that rocks.
4	Food was AWESOME and cheaper than I would've believed, with no sacrifice of quality.  I got a salad, an 8 pc roll and a piece of nigiri for just over $8.  The service was... polite and prompt, but rather less pleasant than I usually expect.  That being said, I'll happily overlook the somewhat mechanical service and come back for the food on a regular basis!
4	Tucked away in a strip mall, this truly is a gem of a place! I'm not what you would call a sushi expert, but absolutely loved the valentine roll, spicy tuna roll and salmon skin roll we'd ordered tonight.Prices are very reasonable and staff is very friendly. I wish the restaurant was a little more spacious, but thats not a major complaint.
5	I had a friend suggest this place for lunch, and my God, was I in for a surprise. When I drove up, I really didn't know what to think. It's in a plaza with a Harris Teeter, and some other random shops. Not to mention there is another Chinese place right next door. When we arrived, there was a line out the door! I was shocked... how in the world could this be? two places right by each other and this one has a myriad of hungry folks drooling over the menu while the other sits empty. We gave the hostess our name and headed outside to wait for our name to be called. While you're sitting there, you are teased by a stand with a tray filled with delicious looking goodness. Finally our name gets called and we head into the tiny restaurant. I decided on the honey chicken which came in one of those awesome trays with all the compartments I'd seen outside. Sweet! It was only $6.95 so I figured I couldn't go wrong for that.When she brought me that food, Oh man... was I excited. It had the honey chicken, mixed with veggies and honey shrimp. 2 crab ran goons, a salad & the most amazing rice I've ever had. OK, I know you're thinking... Um, Beth it's just rice. NO!!! You don't understand. I think it has magical powers of delicious proportions. When I tried the first bite of honey chicken, I seriously think the clouds above parted and angels started to sing. Most people go for the sushi, and I've gone 3 times with the intentions of trying the sushi, but dang that honey chicken is good, and I can't imagine not having it!!! Everyone I know who's had the sushi has LOVED it though, so it's a high priority in my life to try it. Most of the time I end a review saying I'll go back soon or something to that effect, but with this one I'm thinking to myself...Uh, can I go back NOW?!? I really don't think my job would appreciate me leaving for some great food from New Zealands though. Ah well, I guess you can't win em all.
4	This place has good food at reasonable prices, it's more of a Chinese menu, but very good.
5	I posted a review about this place before, but after going last night for the 3rd day in a row... YES it's that good... I had to post more. I've come to realize that New Zealand will always have a wait when you get there, no matter what time of day. The reason, it's THAT good. People have waited 30 minutes or longer for a table at this place. I should know because I am one of those people, and I'd wait even longer if I had to just to get inside to eat. For those who are hungry now, call in a take out order, that way you can run inside to grab your grub and be on your way. I just love this place, and every time I've gone I've gotten the same thing. I order a tray with the honey chicken and shrimp & it's enough to make me start drooling at my desk just thinking about it again. Well, last night I decided to go to try the sushi after my friend twisted my arm a bit. She said, "You can't go to New Zealand and not try the sushi!!!" I informed her that, yes I could, and I did it often. But, she was right. I ordered a tasty roll, which is salmon, cream cheese, and some other concoctions lightly fried. I almost fell backwards in my chair and passed out because the taste punched me in my face. God parted the clouds and a beam of light blew up my taste buds when that sushi entered my body. I swear to you, I've NEVER had better sushi than this in my life... and I'm a gal who enjoys her sushi. I'm convinced that there is nothing bad you can order on their menu. It is just insane how good the food is here. The prices are beyond reasonable, the taste is fantastic, obviously and it's in a close proximity to my house. But if it weren't I wouldn't care, I'd drive an hour to eat here. Oh New Zealand, I heart you a bunch.
4	i love this little place.  And I do mean little!! The menu is twice the size of the restaurant.  But it's a great place to load up on affordable sushi.  The servers are always super friendly.
5	Great choices and reasonably priced- What more can I ask for! I will keep going back for my sushi 'fix'! Loved their salmon skin roll. Unagi!
4	Another on my list of "how have I not reviewed this yet?"It's easy to pass this place, or to confuse it for the Best Wok next door. New Zealand Cafe is a tiny parcel in a crowded strip mall that is serving incredible Kiwi-inspired Japanese dishes at amazing prices. The bento box is by far the best deal. It's all from the grill (instead of the customary sushi), but you get an unbelievable amount of tasty food for about $10.Speaking of sushi, they work wonders. They have a sushi bar, where you can dine in front of the chefs and watch them work - their grace and elegance is worth the visit.Do be advised that take-out is usually be best option. It's very small and quite "cozy" inside - if you have one of the low, square tables in the middle, odds are good you'll get to know your neighbors.Don't let that deter you though - great Asian-fusion at the Galleria!
2	Hmmmm...I was hoping for better.  Much better.  It was lunch and the place was slammed.  So excited to try some good sushi.  Was rushed to the bar.  Was rushed with the menu.  Had some questions and was rushed through those.  Hmmm....not yet impressed.No lunch specials really for sushi.  There are Bento boxes but they are about $13 for ones that include sushi.  So I ordered two rolls including a basic spicy tuna.  One person making sushi....it took a while.  Got my order and the spicy sauce on the tuna was a mayo based sauce.  In 20 years of eating sushi I have never had a mayo sauce on spicy tuna.  Also it wasn't very spicy.  Also was rather warm for sushi.  Rice was good.  I think this place may be a good intro to sushi but not for the seasoned fans.Hmmm...I was hoping for better.
5	Really excellent sushi selection - varied and delicious. This place is a tiny hole in the wall, but it is ALWAYS packed. The people are very polite and helpful. Non-sushi meals are delicious too! I get cravings for this place.
5	It has been a year or so since I visited this cafe.  I don't have lasting memories of that visit recalling only that the food was okay.  It is nowhere on my daily travels and I had not returned until today.  Yes, the place is quaint, but only three tables were occupied on this evening during a drenching thunderstorm.  In any case, I stopped in today for sushi and ordered:1. Vegetable tempura (deep fried sweet potato (MY FAV!), zucchini, broccoli and potato)2.  Favorite Roll (crispy jumbo shrimp, spicy snow crab, avocado soybean paper with a spicy flavored mayo sauce)3. Chicken tempuraThe sushi was fantastic!  I am a sweet potato lover, so the vegetable tempura with a bit of crunch was delicious (am I partial?...yes!).  The chicken tempura was good, and my favorite seafood roll was pretty darn good as well!  I will be back very soon to give it  another try.Oh, and I also had Miso soup.  I have read of its 'healing' properties so I wanted to give it a try.  Oddly enough, my visit was Monday and I was pretty sick and stuffy on Tuesday :(  Maybe just a coincidence...  If you haven't visited the restaurant in a long while, give them another try. Perhaps the sushi chef has changed.  If not, my taste buds have changed for the better!
5	My frist time last night and it was excellent. The place is small and there was a wait, about 15 minutes which wasnt bad. We were a two top and were sat next to another two top where the guy talked non-stop about BS the entire time we were trying to enjoy dinner... the BF is the one who eats sushi, I do not (in fact I eat no seafood except the canned tuna)... he orderede the H.O.T. roll, he was in heaven... he convinced me to try and it was amazing. It was lightly battered and fried and had tuna, I think jalapenos too, I liked that it was slightly warm? I ordered the mango chicken with garlic noodles... the dish came with fried shrimp (BF ate and I asked if he liked and got an mmmhmmm) crab and creamcheese fried thingies (I ate one not a lot of filling but it tasted good, BF said it was decent)... the salad was bleh, cruddy bagged iceburg lettuce with some dressing, I passed. Garlic noodles super good and the mango chicken had really good flavor and a lot of peppers, onions and mangos in it, I perfected it with some hot sauce and ate away. BF had some other wasabi roll and he said that was really good as well. I would definately go back and try something different, I was eyeing the steak and pork chops but figured Id check out the chicken first. I think it would be a good place to order take out and I am looking forward to bringing my brother when he visits.
4	Overall the place is fairly good.The prices are reasonable (probably due to cheap rent) and the portions decent.BUT, 4 stars is generous considering it was pretty dirty... the bathrooms, the sushi station, uniforms, procedures, etc.  And that's a big dinning turn-off, especially for sushi.  Also, maybe it was just the setting, but the fish tasted like a lower grade than other places I like around town.
5	Absolutely one of my favorite sushi spots in Charlotte. It's easy, not stuffy, and consistent. My entire family loves New Zealand.
5	One of my favorite place good prices, good food, nice people and cozy.
4	Don't let the 4-star review fool you, this is my favorite sushi spot in Charlotte. I've been here several times, and will say that this place stays consistently excellent. Although you may be tempted to go for the bento / cooked food - it tends to be way more affordable - stay true and stick to the sushi! The magic of NZC truly lies in their rolls. You can't really go wrong with whatever you choose, but my recommendations include the following:-Negi Hamachi: Classic, delicious.-Super Spicy Roll: Spicy yellow tail, tuna, salmon, avocado, smelt roe & scallions-Favorite Roll: Tempura shrimp, snow crab, avocado, spicy mayo, wrapped in soybean paper :)This place is boss, give it a visit!
5	Everything is good. There is plenty on the menu for someone that doesn't like sushi. The sushi is the best I've had in Charlotte though. Always fresh and delicious!
4	I've eaten here well over two dozen times.  The prices are great, service is fast and friendly, and the sushi is great.  When they bring you 3 menus for food, one a huge laminated menu with pictures of some rolls, you know there's bound to be something good awaiting your selection.  I notice that around lunch, if you are not seated by noon, it may be hard to get a table - so duck out a little early.  They have sushi and other Asian food.  I see a lot of folks getting Bento boxes, but I only eat the sushi so can't comment on them.
5	Great takeout and wide selection of sushi.  Great rolls!
4	Great sushi. Place is small but service is good and prices are right. Huge selection of food options.
5	There is no better sushi in this area of Charlotte.  Period.When we lived in Elizabeth on the east side of uptown Charlotte, we would sometimes drive all the way to New Zealand Cafe simply because the sushi is that good, and the prices are low!  If you live in this area or just happen to be in the area and surfing Yelp for where to grab a bite, you have to try New Zealand Cafe!.Very good sushi and extremely great pricing.
5	Outstanding sushi and exemplary customer service!  I only wish I lived closer!  I was visiting from out of town and was searching for sushi on my way to the airport.  I looked at the Yelp reviews and knew I had to make NZ Cafe a stop on my itinerary.  The sushi was amazing! The Wasabi Salmon Roll was one of the best I have ever had.  But the customer service really impressed me.  I lost my receipt and a week later called to get a copy.  The person who answered the phone took the time to search through their records to find it for me.  She was going to fax it to me, but their fax could not dial a long distance number, so the owner faxed it to me from her home fax at 1:30 AM that night when she got home.  I don't know many restaurants who would put that kind of effort into helping a one-time customer.  However, if I ever am back in Charlotte, I will be going back!
5	I have been dining there for many years and even if I go 6 months between visits, they still remember my first name. I LOVE their sushi! It might be a small restaurant but it's got a big heart. Great food and service.
2	Atmosphere was lacking- the wait was over 30 minutes and the air-conditioning was not working properly. The area was very crowded and left little room to move around or feel comfortable enough to relax. Sushi was pretty decent, probably would be good for a to-go stop.
4	Nothing to see here!  Move along, move along!!(to my chagrin, this is a well-kept secret no longer....)Very fresh, affordable sushi.  Tiny location in a strip mall, seating is very limited.  Best sushi option in the Matthews/SE CLT area, by far.If you are doing take out, give yourself plenty of time -- they can get backed up, especially on the weekends.
5	I went here last night with a friend to try out a new Sushi restaurant. IT WAS EXCELLENT!! I'm a fan of Ru Sans, but the past couple of times I had been there much was to be desired....and it was noisy 9/10 times. The NZC is in a nice spot, and although the place is small, it's cozy and you can actually hear a conversation. The waitress was polite and tentative, as well as the greeter. The biggest thing though- was the Sushi. I had a ginger salad to start (yum), then the Vegetable Tempura Maki roll (yum) and sampled some of my friends crispy Tuna Maki roll- also yum. I found a new Sushi place to go- goodbye Ru Sans.
5	My absoulte favorite sushi place.  I wish it was bigger so I didn't have to wait for a table every time I go.  I don't mind waiting because I know when there is a wait, it must be good and they are staying consistant!  Wish it was closer though, don't get to visit it often since its so far from me.
5	The best sushi in Charlotte, the best I have ever had, and it is not close.I have been going to NZ Cafe for 5 years or more and it is great every ... single ...time.  I have tried many of the rools, but live the tuna avocado and spicy tuna rolls.  I go with soy paper over seaweed and that's easily done here.  Service is great and prices are CHEAP!  I was a giant fan of Ru San in Dilworth for years.  Then Ru San picked up a poor score on the sanitary scale and that was the end of it for me.  NZ is always at "A", kinda critical for a sushi place (with a C, sushi becomes bait).
4	By far, a sushi gem in Charlotte. We ordered the sushi boat and it was amazing! One of the best sushi spots, fresh, creative decor, and delicious. With that said, why not a five star review, unfortunately the service is somewhat slow and the location is small, so on a crowded night, there is a wait...with no bar or seating area. With that said, we will be back.
5	New Zealand isn't the quickest place to get sushi, their restaurant is very small and compact, and it's seemingly always crowded from open to close. I've waited thirty minutes or more several times, but once you sit down and enjoy your first bite, you realize why they're so popular. It's easy to tell the chefs at NZ have a passion for what they do, the sushi is fresh, clean, flavorful, and has great texture. Just trust me and your fellow Yelpers, if you like sushi and you live in Charlotte, this is your place. I recommended NZ to a couple friends who never tried sushi, and had them try the eel and shrimp tempura rolls, a mild, safe bet for a sushi first timer. Of course they loved it, but I was surprised when they devoured the mackerel nigiri. I'm so grateful that I live near NZ, but if I didn't, I'd go a few miles out of my way if I had that hard to satisfy sushi itch, and once you try NZ, you just may too!
5	I've only been here twice, but I AM IN LOVE with New Zealand Cafe. This place is tucked away in an nondescript strip mall and I'd say it's a hidden gem for sushi! The both times I've been here, we had to wait to be seated because it was busy and it stays busy (rightfully so because the food is so gooood). The restaurant is pretty small, cozy, and always packed with patrons so it takes the sushi chefs some time to get the sushi out. I can't complain though, their sushi is absolutely worth the wait!I came with a party of 8-10 each time, and everyone just picked an order of sushi of their choice and then we all just dug in and shared. I've probably had 15+ different orders of their sushi and I can't complain about a single one! Their sushi ingredients are fresh and their rice is done right. Not only is their sushi DELISH, it's completely affordable and they're actually a pretty big size. The service has always been wonderful as well, the staff is so friendly and attentive. In summary, New Zealand Cafe is hands down one of my favorite sushi joints in Charlotte. I don't want to go anywhere else for sushi! Love this place! I'd eat here every day if I could but I'd rather not see a huge spike of mercury levels in my body.
4	Best sushi in Charlotte. Prices are fair. The only reason I gave it four stars is because of the cramped quarters and the wait, but trust me, it's worth it. Oh, and I really wish they'd condense their menu into one. They give you four different menus (but now I'm nitpicking).
4	New Zealand Cafe is a small sushi and Asian cuisine restaurant tucked away in a small strip-mall near Matthews. The sushi is always super fresh, the rolls are creative, prices are a steal and above all the food is delicious.  If i lived closer i would be here at least twice a week. Easily. It's that good.The space itself is pretty small so more times than not there is a wait to be seated. They do a decently paced turn-over on the tables though so its usually not too long and it is totally worth it.  To kill time I usually grab a menu and to read so when im in i am ready to order.Everything i have ever had at New Zealand Cafe has been great! Ginger salad, miso soup, apps. noodles, chicken entrees, seafood entrees, sushi... all soooo good! The sushi is outstanding. Some of the best in town.  If you order enough of it it they will put it on a boat for you. Know someone who doesn't appreciate a good sushi boat? Well, their entrees are awesome too. For around $6-10 the entrees include- the protein (ex: Mango Chicken, Teriyaki Chicken etc) , rice or noodles, a house salad and then 2 of the following: chicken skewers, fried shrimp, crab rangoon. That's 5 items for as little as $6 and no they don't skimp on the portion size either. There will most likely be left overs to take home. It's almost hard to believe how good of a deal these meals are.If your ever in the area, or hell-even if your not, I suggest a trip to New Zealand Cafe. It will not disappoint!
2	I really wanted to love this place, but it just didn't happen-at all. We got a to-go order of "potstickers", snow crab/shrimp roll, and a salmon tempura roll. We were told it would be ready in 20 minutes on a Sunday (about 8:30 P.M.)     To start, the place is like a broom closet. As you walk in, the register is at the far end of the restaurant - with literally 2 feet between the counter and the drink stand. While waiting in line to pay, we had to maneuver around the 2 foot space 3x for the wait staff.      The chefs didn't even begin to make our order until 10 minutes after our 20 minute arrival time. After paying, we moved to stand by the hallway to the restrooms, still seemly in the way of everyone- it was very uncomfortable. On to the food:     The salmon tempura roll was a sad sight, but tasted okay. The crab/shrimp roll: the shrimp and avocado were fresh, but the crab looked like little hairs and was poorly represented. The "potstickers/gyoza" were a pathetic excuse for their name. They were mushy and bland. Even the dipping sauce served with them was a pale representation of what it should have been.      I know of many others that are much better than this place. They can serve 1$ sushi all day long, but I'll never come back.
4	New Zealand Cafe?  The name totally confused me when I visited a business a few doors down to get some signs made.  I thought "what do they eat in Australia?"  Then a friend suggested that I try it out for sushi.  I don't so sushi so again, went about life.  Well, I've tried it now twice and while I haven't tried the sushi, the other dishes are great.  This place is pretty cool.  It's in a divey plaza wedged into the corner next to a take out chinese place and something else on the other side.  They have a sushi bar and about a hand full of high top 4 place tables and a few lower ones in the middle.  I've been in larger walk-in closets.  The food is good...really good.  I ordered a lettuce wrap and it was exactly what I wanted.  Why can't more places do a decent lettuce wrap?The hibachi chicken was a little unexpected.  It came in a bento box-like contraption with rice in the corner, the chicken the veg in the center, more chicken on skewers, salad in another corner and even two crab rangoons (I guess - who knows how it's spelled...and I know what you're thinking "Why not just use google to find out how to spell it!..."  I just did and it is rangoon".You sushi people, don't fret. I'm sure someone else had that and thought it was good.  If you order a lot of sushi, they bring it out in a boat which is pretty cool.  I grew up thinking that Japanese food required a bunch of pageantry and pantomime but I don't want that.  I want some rice or noodles, some lettuce and veg that's crisp and some meat prepared properly.  This place get's it for me.  Definitely one to put in the rotation.
4	Such great sushi, but if you call an order in, double the wait time that they give you. Last time I was here, I overheard a frustrated customer say it was the 3rd time she'd had to wait and wait on a to go order. Now here I stand, about 50 minutes into what was supposed to be a 25 minute wait, crowded against the drink station and hoping my order arrives soon. Miserable! But at least the reward at the end will be good...
5	Hands down one of the best sushi places in the area!! This place is hidden in the south east part of Charlotte and very underestimated. Fresh, quick and cheap.
4	I adore this place! It is always packed and the service is wonderful. This is my 3rd visit in 2 months; the portions are huge, the options are endless and the waitstaff is knowledgeable. My only advice is not to order any of the steak menu items. The sirloin was fatty and just bad (one star subtraction). Everything else I have had from sushi to chicken to shrimp has been off the charts delicious and fresh. Grab a few friends, get the sushi boat and prepared to be blown away. A hidden gem that is in our regular rotation. CHECK IT OUT!!!
3	This place is great! I used to think it was my own little secret, but it is always packed...guess the secret is out! I don't like shshi, but if you do, this place is for you. They have all of the classics, and on Tuesdays its all $1. I love the teriyaki chicken,  garlic noodles, brown rice, and love the fries shrimp! I've never dined in, but get to-go often. The food is always fresh amd always meets my expectations. If you find yourself near the corner of Monroe Rd and Sardis Rd N, you should stop in! It is hidden in the Harris Teeter shopping center.
3	Decent sushi but Im a bit weird when it comes to feeling comfortable in spacious settings and this place is way too tight for my taste.  Service was fine and so was the food (nothing to write home about) but I felt that I had about 10 people who I did not know all on my table because its so tight together.
5	Great staff, great sushi, great Japanese entrees, I have nothing but love for this small sushi resturant.
4	After hearing about this place from a friend, and seeing it previously on Yelp, I decided to check it out for lunch today.Though it was a little cramped, and the service a little scattered, the sushi was very good and reasonably priced.  With so many mediocre (at best) sushi places in CLT, it's nice to find a quality place close to home.  I will def. be back!
5	Hands down, this is the best sushi bar in Charlotte! NZ has the freshest seafood and vegetables you can get! Jackie, the owner, and his staff are top notch and very professional! The restaurant is not very big and they have a very large following so I would recommend eating there either early 4-5pm or after 9pm. Lunch can get pretty busy too but if you get there when they open, you'll more likely get a seat at the bar where you can watch the chefs create their masterpieces! (no pun intended)I just can't say enough good things about this place! Go there!
4	LOVE THE SUSHI...its always fresh and delicious....the only thing i hate its how small and over crowded always busy it is....if ur Starving...DO NOT go eat here.... bc u will most likely have to wait...other than that....its great!!!
2	I kind of feel bad for writing this review but I'm highly upset! After sitting at the sushi bar for a good 10 minutes after being sat. Nobody came to take my order after they gotten me my water. I've been coming here since 2007, service here has gotten worse every single time I come here. I'm a server myself at a local sushi restaurant in Charlotte. Maybe because I am a college student and they think I can't tip so they wouldn't pay me any mind...? Who knows. With 3 servers and under 10 tables during lunch, nobody can provide me any service?! My money is just as good as the next person.The older Asian lady, I assume she is the manager gives the worse service especially when my friend and I came here for lunch. My friend who is also in the food industry agrees.If you get great service from her than your probably a regular here or not of a minority group.2 stars because I love the food and its close to my house but sadly, I won't be returning.
1	Wow! New Zealand Cafe at Sardis is a joke! We just walked out. We'd never been before. We got there around 6:45 tonight.The place is tiny and 3 people were ahead of us waiting. They said the wait was 25 mins. At 35 mins we started seeing people that came after us get seated. At 40 mins the host sat his buddies who had just walked up that were not on the list. When I confronted him & said we were leaving he said "Can I have your name so I can take it off the list" No apology. No I'll get you a table. I walked off. WORST customer service ever! People like that don't need to have service jobs. This place could have had new customers tonight, but not with unprofessional people like interacting with the customers.
5	I love New Zealand Cafe. It is by far one of my favorite sushi places to go to and it is 'oh-so-close' to where I live, lucky me! The restaurant itself is small with just a few tables and decor that might not really make sense. But I'm not here to look at the walls, I'm here to mow down on some sushi...correct?! Correct!Please try the Poke, it's delicious, and I love the lemon they turn into a snail with their garnish artistry. Eat this, and you won't be disappointed.Normally I get 2 rolls, usually with eel or shrimp, those are my favorite types of rolls. Sweet Dragon is good, and if you like spicy for for Spicy Dragon. Take some time to try the single Nigri pieces too!Can't have rice?????That's okay, there are 5-6 rice-less rolls on the menu.TryBamboo Roll ..............................................$ 10.95Red snapper, tuna, salmon, flying fish roe, scallion wrapped with thin sliced cucumber & ponzi sauceWhile sometimes there can be a line out the door due to is uber goodness and small seating area I will always come back to NZ Cafe!
4	This is my favorite Sushi place in the city.  What makes it great is that every time I go in the owner Jackie is preparing most all the Sushi.  He is very nice to talk to.The Sushi is only the beginning, they have all types of different dinner plates including Buffalo Shrimp, fish, steak and several chicken options.The price for what you get is unbeatable.  Only reason not 5 stars is because it usually takes a little longer to get in and out than normal.  That is probably  because Jackie prepares it like an art form.  Keep it up guys!!
5	Always fresh here! Love the free birthday meal too! Small space so show up early if you want a table. Best to call in advance for take out too.
5	I love New Zealand Cafe. Sushi is always fresh and delicious, the best in Charlotte. The service is helpful & friendly. Jackie the owner and chef creates rolls that delight the pallet. They are also very willing to add or substitute ingredients to suit your taste. I highly recommend this restaurant with its quaint atmosphere. This restaurant also offers cooked meals, from noodles to steak. It is worth the drive to Matthews. Lucky for me it's so close!
1	Worst sashimi I've had in Charlotte.  I imagine this place has such high reviews because people get rolls with fried shit and spicy mayo all over it... so, of course it tastes good and masks not-fresh fish.I had a sashimi platter and a bunch of nigiri a la carte.  It was all bad.  Some of the fish tasted frozen/half-thawed out, some of it tasted like it was soaking in water... watery sashimi? I don't know, that was a first for me, too.My friend loved his salmon skin hand rolls, but I declined to try some because I was so over it.
4	By far, the best sushi in Chsrlotte. In terms of variety, quality and price it TOWERS head and shoulders above the rest. Fyi, usually a wait at dinner time. Their quality holds up for to go orders as well.  2 people can eat very well here for around $40, which is a steal compared to some places and their $20 rolls.
4	Love it! Excellent place even on a Tuesday night at non-peak time every table was full. Went there a few weeks ago and the two girls serving were attentive and super friendly. Kind of a small place and tucked away near Harris Teeter but absolutely a top contender for sushi in the area!
4	Who knew? This little gem is tucked away in the Harris Teeter shopping center in Matthews. It's small but apparently regulars know about it - there was a wait at 6pm on a Thursday! Chilly outside temps meant our table by the door was rather unfortunate with so many people coming & going & holding the door open for extended lengths of time. Brrrr!Now, I should point out that this place is known for their sushi. I don't each fish - raw or otherwise, so I can't speak to what they're known for; other than to say my friends all raved about the Tiger Roll & Christmas Roll. I did, however, order the Daily Vegetable Special and the Vegetable Tempura rolls. This was my first time trying anything remotely sushi-related and my first time eating with chopsticks (they don't readily provide forks!! Well, they might if you NEED one and ask for it.) Our food was served in a very elaborate wooded boat, which was fun. The servers were very quick with our drink orders & refills.I thought the food was flavorful & fresh. I'd skip the fried bananas & bananas sushi for dessert, but others seemed to enjoy the green tea ice cream for something unusual.Next time, I'll probably try one of their pork or chicken meals for what seemed like a larger portion at a reasonable price.
4	Always friendly service and very good food. Good size portions and great quality!  Try the bento box...you won't leave hungry.  Great sushi and intimate atmosphere.   A must dine at in Charlotte.
1	Yuck!
4	The best! This place is so delicious. It's small so expect a wait, but well worth it.
4	NZ Cafe was recommended to me about 4 years ago. I doubt I ever would have found it otherwise since its location is hidden and unassuming.  The sushi prices are extremely reasonable and the best of the places I have tried. The sushi itself is fresh, creative and I've never been disappointed.  I also appreciate that Chef Jackie gives me a nod and a smile even though we have never officially been introduced.  I love this place. Just be aware that since it's so small there is typically a wait to be seated.  It's best to go when they first open or well after normal dining hours. Also keep in mind that if you place a to go order, make sure you order everything you need. On more than one occasion if I needed to add sauces, etc after I had already placed the phone order and hung up that I didn't get the extras when I requested them upon my arrival.
1	There is nothing i liked about this place at all, I came here because it was close by and had good reviews, however I am not sure why it does. I shared  four sushi rolls with my sister and only sort of liked one of them. One had so much mayo on it I felt like I was just putting a spoonful of mayo in my mouth (I think it was called the super spicy roll.) It is also a very tiny place. Tables are so close together it makes it uncomfortable to talk to the person you are dining with... also it took a very long time to get our food soooo yeah I would not go back!
4	I am a rookie to sushi, but this place is very good and has an great menu selection.  Don't let it's location in a strip mall fool you, it's a very popular place so expect having to wait for a table.
5	Have brought friends and family here and they all agree that New Zealand is the best in Charlotte!
5	Love love love love NZ Cafe. The best sushi I have had anywhere in Charlotte. I agree with those who say it towers above the rest. I've never had an experience where I felt any of my raw fish was less than perfectly fresh---- even on a Sunday, where the fish couldn't have been delivered that same day. My husband is a chef so we never get to go out Fri or Sat and I've learned that going out on a Sunday or a Monday is the true test of the quality of a restaurant. As for the "complaints" on the wait times and size of the restaurant I have seen on here-- that's part of the deal when you go out to eat! When something is good people take notice and sometimes, yes you have to wait for a table! I can't believe anyone reviewing NZ would write anything bad about the staff, as I have always felt them to be extremely friendly, attentive, knowledgeable, and generally a well-oiled team. People who do not work in the food service industry conveniently are unaware of the fact that restaurant staff usually have many things on their mental to-do list at one time and many hungry people to make happy and run around trying to remember everything and keep their heads above water when they are busy. That may have been a run on sentence but I wanted to make my point.As for what I order our guilty pleasure is the Favorite Roll. Totally gringo but I don't care it's that delicious. Could go on and on about all the great rolls we've had there, as well as nigiri, and their cooked entrees as well. Looking forward to going back tonight.
5	This is the best place for sushi in Charlotte... there is no room for argument... this is a fact. I live about a quarter mile from New Zealand Cafe, but I didn't know about it until a coworker of mine recommended it. It took me a couple of weeks to actually make it over there, but once I did I was hooked! I have been there 3x so far. It can get really crowded for dine in, so be sure to expect a wait.. a wait well worth it. Carry-out is also an option I have done a few times.The sashimi bento box was delicious. The fish is very fresh and they roll the sushi right in front of you. They have $1 nigiri which is phenomenal and very high quality. The prices here are cheaper then most places and the sushi is better tasting and higher quality. My favorite rolls are the spicy tuna and the tempura rolls. I have a lot more to try! 5 stars
1	While the place was super busy and this is a great sign that the food is going to be great, I decided to get something to go. First time here waited at door until I was able to get my to go question answered. Went to register in back where I was promptly ignored by a early thirty thin Asian woman. She continued to ignore me while I waited for her to count money. Then she showed me she could indeed multi task by taking a phone order before she even said hello. Might still give it another go, just in case she  was having a bad night.
5	NZC is absolutely hands down the freshest most delicious sushi this area has to offer!! Highly recommend!!
5	Health Score of 100.0 plus AMAZING Sushi I LOVE this place. The restaurant is very small. Do not place your handbag on your chair.... The waitress's will keep running into it...
5	Why am I just now finding this place?  We arrived early on a Saturday night thinking we'd for sure beat any crowd if a crowd was going to exist in the first place.  The only seats available were at the sushi bar - this little place was packed!  I later decided this was the best possible seat in the house because you get to see everything Jackie and his buddies are slicing up and ask all sorts of questions.A ton of food.  High quality sushi.  Great service.  Cheap - Really cheap. We had a squid salad, 2 specialty rolls, a chicken and shrimp hibachi platter, and adult beverages....total charge was in the low $30s.Can't wait to go back.  Even if it's for carry-out.  Diamond in the rough.
5	Love love love this place. We come here when we want good sushi. My favorite will forever be spicy salmon but they have several great rolls. The place is small and can get super crowded but it's worth it. The staff is really nice as well.
5	I've cheated and swayed a few times but at the end of the day, New Zealand holds my heart. He has all of the qualities you would want in a lover: family-oriented, charming, comforting, original and dependable with a little unpredictable spice. He is simple, but knows all the way to please your palate. What more could a girl ask for?I've sampled bits and pieces of the entire menu, but truly it is the sushi that retains me an addict, yearning for more. Despite the frequency of my visits, I still to this day have a hard time narrowing down conclusive favorites. There are so many innovative and delicious rolls on the menu that it always takes me the time length of 3 waiter/waitress visits before I decide. I do have one roll that I simply can not live without and that is the Century Roll! It comes with 8 pieces and 4 different "toppings" (2 tuna, 2 scallops, 2 crab, 2 octopus). The scallop pieces are what I live for! I also LOVE the Wasabi Salmon roll. It comes with this wasabi sauce that is creamy and oh so delicious! Plus, they have a $1 Nigiri/Sashimi menu! I recommend the spicy scallop, salmon, yellowtail and quail egg sashimi. They literally melt in your mouth because it's so fresh!  This is by far, one of the best gems in my treasure chest!
2	I saw the the prices (sushi rolls for just $6.00?! $1.00 nigiri!?) I HAD to come. Even if it meant making my life partner, Iglesias, miss out on going to the Whitewater center for a free concert.  All of their rolls pretty much have some type of spicy tuna something and are fried or have mayonnaise drizzled on them. This isn't real sushi. Hey, nothing wrong with mayonnaise on your spicy meatball but it can become much when everything is fried and mayonnaise'd with a ray gun. I later learned that $1.00 nigiri is probably frozen. Who am I kidding, I just didn't want to admit to myself that I knew that."OH! I LOVE SUSHI!!!!" And all you will order is a California roll... Truthfully, Becky, the sushi you love is the American version. You already knew that, though. I mean, it is a *California* roll. It's fine, I pretended to not know that $1.00 nigiri is frozen. I guess.I was told this was the best sushi in Charlotte. I assume because we're in the south and there is a less critical palate that prefers no surprises. Definitely with sushi. I see you, uni and unagi eaters. I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about your friend that wants the fried McRoll with spicy mayo. Yeah, Becky. This place isn't a horror show or anything, it's really cheap and most everyone likes it. It's really small and the service is not good but they have loyal customers and it was packed... I just don't get it. If fried maki rolls drowned in mayo aren't your thing, this probably will be a waste of even $15 dollars. And if it is, great. You are going to enjoy the food and if you order enough it's gonna be on a boat! YAY.
5	I found this place by mistake on a hungry for sushi day. One of the best days of my life! Love Love Love this place, me and my husband go there at least once a week. When we have visiting friends or family this is the place we take them! Yummy! Oh and go for the Boss Roll, super delicious!
5	One of the best kept secrets in the Charlotte area for sushi! My favorite roll is the crunchy spicy tuna roll, but everything I've tried has been good. The restaurant is a little small, so get there early to avoid a wait. Amazing sushi for the price.
5	These people are very friendly and accommodating. The sushi is amazing. We get a lot of to go orders for a large group and they are always helpful and accurate on all our orders. This is definitely one of my favorite spots.
3	It is located in the Harris Teeter shopping center,next to the "Chinese Food" sign.Tiny restaurant,the lightning is a little dark,limited seating and yes the tables are really close to each other. It feels a little uncomfortable. The sushi is really average, it taste like grocery store bought sushi,except it's not cold. Most of their rolls are deep fried. The quality of food and price are both lower compare to other sushi restaurants.I would maybe just order take out from time to time if I'm feeling cheap and need a quick sushi fix.
2	I am not sure where all of the 5 and 4 star reviews are coming from in regards to New Zealand Cafe.  We were told to try this restaurant by numerous people when we moved to the area, they told us it was the best sushi in Charlotte and that we would love it because we love sushi so much.  We tried it two different times, on two different days to be sure of our opinion.  It is not good.  Definitely not the best in Charlotte, or in the area for that matter.  The sushi is huge, HUGE. It is a serious challenge to eat without falling completely apart.  Most of the sushi is rice, not a lot of fish going on.  The salmon was good but the tuna tasted off so we didn't even finish those rolls that had tuna in them.  The restaurant is tiny. We were sat no more than a foot from the people on either side of us, so their conversations were basically our conversations the entire time. We did sit outside the first time but with people waiting it was kind of awkward to have people hovering over us while trying to enjoy the over-riced-over-sized bland sushi.  Other reviewers have mentioned it tastes like grocery sushi, that I agree with.  Maybe the prices draw people in and that's why they think it's great.  Most of the rolls are fried in some way, which is probably necessary because some of the fish simply was not fresh and we could not continue eating it.  The service was not great either time we went, if they change things, perhaps we will try it again, until then, on to the much much better sushi Charlotte has to offer!
3	Eat here with your eyes closed. The decor isn't THAT bad but you certainly don't frequent New Zealand Cafe for its strip mall ambiance. Don't let the fake plants and cramped dining room scare you off. The food is at least fifty percent better than you would think.Service can be a bit slow so grab an app. Rolls are fresh, varied (tons of non-fried options) and affordable. Four rolls at dinner with beers ran us about $37 before tax and tip. This is a great spot for affordable sushi or try the bento box for a little bit of everything.I wish they had more outdoor seating -only two tables- but this place is the only place in the area with quality sushi. It is packed for a reason.
5	The sushi here is amazing! I don't know what it is but its so delicious and I'm actually full after my meal. I'm a New Yorker and our sushi portions are so small its usually 6 pieces, not very filling. The atmosphere is nice and quiet. They even have seating outside and you can bring food out (you just have to pay first). The owner's really nice and friendly and clearly knows his stuff!
5	Great fresh sushi, over-sized meal options and great service. I lean towards the chicken and shrimp hibachi. The meal comes with a salad, rice/noodles/chicken kabob and 2 yummy crab rangoons. My husband always opts for the sushi and we share our meals. This place is always packed so we try to get there at non-peak times. Will always be back!
4	What a find this place is! Very good-toexcellent quality sushi. The Chinese/Asian dishes are very good quality, tasty and cheap! Most of their dinner entrees are under $10. Seriously, this place is wonderful, I highly recommend trying it out.P.S. Place is small so you may wait, but it's worth it!
3	Affordable?  Yes.  Fresh?  Mostly.  Cramped?  Yup.  Slow?  Absolutely. Worth it?  Depends on how much you like sushi.Those that rave about this place really don't know quality sushi.  Harsh perhaps, but true.  I went all nigiri here; I appreciate that all fish has its Japanese name, even though the server couldn't understand my white-guy pronunciation.  Anyways, some things I tried were fresh, some were clearly thawed from frozen.  Some items that I ordered were subbed out, (e.g. I ordered ama ebi, got ebi...that'd be like ordering raw tuna, and receiving fried catfish).  and some simply were not served (where's the hamachi)?  It was by no means terrible, and for the price I would go again, but don't expect to get blown away here.  NZ cafe is affordable sushi in a strip mall, no more, no less.
5	Best sushi in charlotte. They also have a great selection of gluten free options. Ask for the gluten free soy sauce.
5	THE BEST SUSHI I HABE EVER HAD! Always fresh and delicious. My only issue is that this place is super small. If you are sitting at the short tables you don't have any privacy because you might as well be sitting with the people next to you.
5	Best sushi ever.. Been coming here for more than 4 years and still cant find any better! Love it.
5	I want to give this place a bad review so people will stop going here so this place will be less crowded. But I think it's too late. Secret is out. This place is awesome.Even though this place is very small and can be very crowded the wait for a table or food is never too long.Sushi menu really delivers and the bento box are always a solid choice.
4	I've been here many times and the food is always good. It may be too "Americanized" for sushi  aficionados and the decor inside is strange for a Japanese restaurant, but everything I've ever had here has been delicious! It gets very crowded on the weekends so, get there early. I don't see how anyone could give this place less than four stars. Definitely recommend!
4	The sushi here is always fresh and delicious.  Not crazy about there entries. There spicy tuna roll is jam packed with tasty tuna. Very good sushi bar.
5	I absolutely love this place! The best sushi ever and even if someone isn't a fan of fish they have many other items to choose from. Excellent value!!
2	This place is horrible. Horrible food. Horrible service. I have come here twice because this place has such great reviews and both times have walked away confused because I have no clue what people like about this place. I guess see for yourself. I mean, after all some people love olive garden and that lobster place. This seems like the sushi equivalent.
4	The place is always packed, and for a good reason. The NZ Cafe offers some amazing sushi for a affordable price. You won't leave disappointed. I have tried the Philly roll and I loved it.
5	This restaurant is WONDERFUL!  I have been here multiple times and have never been dissatisfied with my service.  My only complaint would be that they are always busy and the seating is very close to other patrons.  Despite this fact, I still love it here!The food is amazing and hot, the waitresses are amazingly friendly, and they are quick!  I have tried several dishes on their menu and none have been dissatisfying.  My favorite on the menu would be the thai chicken curry.  The prices aren't bad either.  ;-)
5	There's a reason it's cramped and the service is sometimes a bit slow.  This is the best sushi for the price in a hundred miles.  I would love for the place to move close by but to a larger location but that is really our only complaint.  We have always had fresh delicious sushi here.  We also have young children and have been surprised more than once by an impromptu dessert of free sliced oranges for them sent over by Jackie the lead chef.  If you want to go to Center City and pay $10 for a California roll be my guest but the sushi here is worth the wait.
