4	For awhile now I walked through AZ Center and had seen that the old Uno's location was being transformed into something new.  As I found myself walking around AZ Center this Saturday night I saw they were operational.  As I walked in and grabbed a seat at the bar, one of the bartenders advised me that tonight was their "soft" opening.   She said it was mostly by invite only but they had decided earlier that evening to allow the general public to come in and enjoy.   Good thing because I enjoyed my martini.  I asked if they had any signature drinks and they mixed up a Chambord raspberry vodka martini with some muddled basil.  It was quite lucious without being overly sweet. The interior is contemporary.  They maintained some of the brick from the old Uno's and opened up the interior between the bar and the dining room.  Definitely lighter and more hip.  Matches what they are going for, the "urban kitchen".  The menu is simple, with a variety of items from pizza, past and salad to traditional variations on comfort food favorites like mac n cheese and grilled cheese.  While I have yet to try their food, I am a fan for their efforts to bring more life to the AZ Center.  And that Martini was pretty good and the bartenders were quite friendly.  It's nice to have yet another option in the downtown area.
5	My wife and I recently returned from our vacation, and discovered this downtown Phoenix gem! Located in the Arizona Center, Brick Pizza Wine and Cheese is a gastronomical experience. We loved the ambiance and the decor. A local artist was commissioned to paint the tabletops. This place has a definite upscale appeal. Very hip and trendy indeed. We started with the pesto stuffed artichokes which was crisp and very flavorful. For our entrees we ordered the rib-eye with maytag blue cheese, truffled mash and roasted garlic. My wife ordered the pressed chicken with crispy skin, preserved lemon and southern corn cakes which was absolutely fab. They have a variety of vegetarian options available as well.We look forward to return to Brick and hope you enjoy the atmosphere and food as we did.
3	We walked into Brick on its second day of operation- which explains a lot about what was less than ideal. We sat down and were promptly approached by a very friendly server who suggested some items and then took our drink order. When the beers came, they were not nearly cold enough for my taste. The food took *forever* to come out, and when it did, my husband got his brie and quince sandwich (which he loved) and his Parmesan and truffle oil fries (which were thin, crispy, and delicious), but my burger was completely wrong and they were remaking my onion rings which apparently were overdone the first time. The waitress took my burger away, and it was re-fired, which unfortunately rendered it well done and dry, even though it came back with the cheddar cheese, pork belly, and chipotle mayo it was supposed to have in the first place. The pork belly was also a disappointment. There was a thin slice about 1x2 inches on each half of my burger, and it didn't taste quite right. The onion rings were super pale, perhaps in an attempt not to burn them again. The batter was far too thin for my taste, leaving me with a pile of greasy limp onions on a plate. Brick's decor was a step up from the Uno Pizzeria they took over in the Arizona Center. The menu certainly caught our attention, and there are other things we want to try, such as the wood-fired pizzas, other sandwiches, and desserts. I think we'll wait awhile before returning, however, and let the staff and cooks get better acquainted with the menu.
3	This place is a little like the white kid in Scottsdale who listens to way too much rap.  It's in AZ center which will always have a pretty corporate feel.  Second it's in the old Pizzeria Uno and there was enough of the old decor left to still feel like one.  They did do some updates and the bar looks great, but the updates do just enough to make it feel like it's trying to be something other than what it appears.  The music that was playing was great and I heard plenty that was on the playlist I had going before I walked in.The service was fair.  It started off a little spotty but quickly picked up.  Servers are definitely the stereotypical hipster  type.  Take that as a positive or a negative but it definitely goes far in setting the tone of the place.The menu looked incredible.  I had a white pizza with jalapenos, onions, and chicken.  It was tasty but I felt the jalapenos were a bit overpowering and I love spicy food.  I saw lots of items with pork belly which is exciting and my update will definitely include something along those lines.All in all I will give it another chance but was a bit underwhelmed the first time out.
4	Been here twice on opening week. I have to admit the first visit was a huge disappointment. It took forever to get drinks and the wait staff seemed to just be standing around. Our drinks were taken before they were finished and they brought out the wrong meal. Not to mention when they went to wrap up my friend's left overs they ended up dropping it on the floor and having to remake the dish. We left with 20% off our food and another round of drinks on the house. The second visit was much better! We had a great friendly waitress, Katie. She made the experience by getting to know our group. We had one mishap with the wrong dish coming out, but it was quickly remedied. This visit was worth the second try. This place seems to really take the feedback that is given and it seems that they do care about the service that they provide, but it is taking some time for them to get on their feet. The atmosphere was hip and chill to relax in, the food is great, the white sangria is delicious and the staff can be fun to talk to. Living around the corner, I will most likely visit again!
3	I just had lunch here. I thought the atmosphere was trendy and loungy with a "super hip" waitstaff. The food was tasty, but way overpriced. I had the puttanesca which was good, but not $13 worth of good. The "angry tomatoes" were a bit too angry for me. But then, I'm kind of a spice wimp. The hibiscus iced tea was $3.25 and was a bit too cloyingly hibiscus for me. If they get some decent lunch specials going, I'd be happy to go back. They offer happy hour prices on drinks from 11:00 am until 6:00 pm.
3	I'm so glad to see a restaurant other than a chain open in AZ Center!  The atmosphere is cozy, the service was ok and the drinks were good!
4	First time I walked in here I was thinking it was going to be Uno's. The decor was, but the food wasn't. The only similar thing is pizzas, but their pizzas are of the flatbread kind.Although I am totally missing the deep dish pizzas, I guess I have exchanged it for cheese and truffles galore. Me & my husband were speaking with the waitress during our last visit and she said that the head chef was crazy about cheese & truffles. Well, sign us up. The menu is simple, but can cater to all appetites. Pizzas, burgers, cheese plates, and a array of appetizers (that include, but are not limited to: truffle fires & pesto stuffed artichokes?!?! Yes.). I've tired the grilled cheese, that comes with a side of brie sauce infused with truffle that really hits the spot, but for $9.75 you really kind of expect a side of fries or a salad. The pesto stuffed artichokes are highly recommended. I also tried the margarita pizza, which was pretty good. Service has never been lacking.Recommended for a dinner & a movie or if you are in the area and looking for a quick nosh that involves a lot of cheese and/or truffles, and really, when aren't you?
4	Brick was the rookie restaurant in yesterday's Urban Wine Walk but you wouldn't have known it observing the staff's performance. They really seized an opportunity to make a great first impression by paying special attention to the Wine Walkers on hand to sample flights of wine and tasty slivers of pizza. Great job!
4	The service here was great, the wine and drink selection decent, and the flatbread pizza sample as part of the Urban Wine Walk was very tasty.  This is definitely a place I'll come back to to try the rest of the menu!
1	This place was one of the last stops on our Urban Wine Walk. The wine and drink selection was decent. However, the service was lousy. The glasses had the smell of dirty dish water. The flat bread... what flat bread? The samples consisted of one burnt piece of crust that was the size of a cracker. When we asked the waiter for more, he just shrugged his shoulders and moved on to the next table. He also couldn't do simple math when trying to split our bill. This restaurant should have done a better job on estimating how many people would show up for this walk and provided enough food and service for this event. I will not be eating here on any day, even if its for an event.
4	This was our second stop on the Urban Wine Walk this past weekend. After the 'not very good' service we received at 1130 (two doors down), we decided to sit at the bar. There were quite a few people enjoying their wine and little pizza sliver snacks and the wait staff was very attentive (and absolutely adorable!) They ran out of the snacks so I had to wait a while for them to cook up another batch, but had a pleasant time watching the game and chatting with my friends. The atmosphere is cozy, I like the way they updated the old UNO shop and the full bar. I will definitely go back to try something off the menu.
5	Its nice to find a place to eat where you can be confident that what you order is going to be delicious and executed with class. Great atmosphere friendly staff. Also they have great Happy Hour specials.
3	Humm while still liking the new addition to the AZ Center, I have to see that they need to focus more on the quality of a dish as a whole. On my last visit I had the fried artichokes with pesto, canned artichokes deep fried cut in half and a dollop of pesto placed in the center served with a pesto mayo. It was garnished with a small roasted/sundried tomato...it was all ok but nothing I would get again. I have yet to try their pizzas, they look nice but some of the reviews here leave me to wonder.
4	So I mt up with a few friends of mine for dinner here last night. I have to say that I had a very enjoyable meal. We started out with the Hummus plate that came with this really good grilled pita, olives, cucumber, hummus, feta and red onions. Great little starter plate. The hummus was very good. We decided to share a pizza, and get a few apps (bar hours are between 4 and 6 or so, and they've got a few specials) We went with the white pizza with chicken and jalapenos, the chardonnay steamed clams (4 bucks on the bar special menu) and an order of the truffle parmesan fries. The fries were perfect perfect perfect, still thinking about those. The clams were very good as well, and a good portion for being on the cheaper bar menu. The pizza was also very good, suuuuper thin and not greasy. Overall a great meal, and good prices. We sat outside on the patio, but I took a lap on the inside before we left and it seemed pretty cool. I'll def be back, and I hope my next experience is the same as last night.
1	Ok, first off I just signed up for Yelp to write this review. I normally just blow it off if I get bad service, or poor quality food. I would normally just not return. But in this case I feel I should tell everyone how I feel.So I'm walking by the place and see a couple of friend having drinks on the patio. They are on their way out and I ask if the place is any good or not. They say, "We just came for drinks, but you should try the food and let us know how it is". I enter and go to the bar, I was pleased to see Monday Night Football and the World Series both being shown at the bar. Female bartender asks me what I want, and lets me know about the Four Peaks Oatmeal Stout that just came in. Sounds good, so I order it. So far so good. I got my beer; it was really good, however this is when my experience started to go downhill. I feel like I was sitting with the menu in my hand for a long time, but I didn't time it so I can't say for sure how long it was. She finally asks me what I wanted, and because this was my 1st time I asked for her suggestions. She gives a couple recommendations and I settle on the Sausage & Pasta Calabrese Italian sausage with peppers and onions. It came out promptly and I start with the fresh pasta. 1st problem, it was obviously made with straight Phoenix tap water, not a good aftertaste. Next I dive into the sausage, on the 1st bite I was thinking this is good but something's off. By the third bite I realized it was totally RAW inside! So I finish my beer and wait and wait and wait. Mind you, the place was only at 30% capacity. She finally comes over and asks if I want another beer. I say, "No I'm finished". She sees more than half my food still on my plate, doesn't ask how it was, she just turns around and rings up my bill. Comes back, hands me my bill. I then tell her my sausage was raw, she looks at it and agreed with me that it was. She then says, "Hmmm, they shouldn't serve it like that". And that was that. She didn't even offer to make it up. I wouldn't have taken it even if she offered it, I even left my normal 20% and left, but that's just how I roll.
4	I spent a good amount of time at Brick on Hallowe'en for Cheap Thrills and had a blast.  Anyone that brings in "Daft Punk" to play a dance party is alright in my books.  I hear that the pizza is good but I can't say.
2	I wonder if the manager even reads the reviews ??? The service was lousy ... Instead of asking if we needed Anything else they asked us twice to move ??? Because of an event ( which no body had showed up for while it was only 9 pm ). This spot was lame I asked the bartender for two more wine glasses and she just set them on the bar without pouring wine from the bottle we had ordered . a good bartender will never hand you an empty glass .. Unless you ask for one ... It was a whatever place food is good ... Service sucks ... Hope the manager yelps !!!
4	I rarely eat something and wish that I had an even bigger portion. This was one of those occasions. My family was in town from the east coast and this restaurant was right across from the hotel they were staying at, the Sheraton. The decor is very swanky. The servers were cute and friendly. Both myself and my aunt ordered the lunch special: half a pizza and a salad for $9.95. The dressing on the salad was delicious. The pizza was to die for. It had no sauce, tomatoes, avocados, cheese, and onions. By far one of the best pizzas I have ever tasted. I'm salivating just thinking about it. I'd definitely go back here! Yummy.
4	Let me first say that I love what Brick has done with the old Uno's building.  It went from being cheap, claustrophobic, and dark to open, romantic, and chic.  Kudos to the owners for that.  I think the menu is pretty varied and there are quite a lot of things that speak to my stomach.  I have had the truffle fries (good, but no Zinburger truffle fries), the regular fries (good, but missing some kick butt aioli), the phat burger (really delicious), the hummus plate (tasty hummus, but comes with only 5 squares of bread), the stuffed artichokes (best of the bunch).  Also, they have Four Peak Peach Ale on tap (my favorite beer in the valley).  And it is 3 dollars during Happy Hour.Brick is a decent restaurant.  I think they could change a few things around food-wise, but I really like the ambiance of the place.  Lots of potential.
4	Pork Belly. Smoked Salmon and Creme Fraiche. It's like Paula Deen and Wolfgang Puck got together, downed a bottle of Pinot, made culinary love and "wa la"..this is their baby. A thin crust with the freshest ingredients. I must say y'all...(for the Paula) fans...it was fabulous. And "BAM" for the Wolfie fans as I am craving this as I review. We walked into Brick on a slow Sunday evening. Didn't expect a big crowd as it was the holiday weekend. We bucked up to the bar (that's how I roll) and had immediate and friendly service from Santos.My friend Kirk raved about the tuna tartare and he was spot on Mary. Served in a chilled martini glass with lightly cinnamon dusted fried won tons. This was a crunchy, fresh, delicious culinary experience. I even added it to my Oprah grateful journal. The "corn cakes" (more like pancakes) with more silky smoked salmon were good. Hard to follow heaven in a glass. I cannot for the life of me remember the third appetizer. Hmm...is that not a good sign?I know I sipped a bit of Kirk's Spritzer. Yep. Spritzer my gays and friend of gays. But this wasn't your mama's spritzer. This had Hendrick's Gin and it was fabulous! Undeniably named after all the brick walls, Brick also had a modern, fresh feel. When I think of Brick I think of lick. As in finger lickin' good. Can't wait to return!
3	If I could do 3.5 I would.  I'm vacillating between 3 & 4, but I'm gonna go with 3 (aka "A-OK" ) for Brick.  The food was fantastic, no doubt, but did not meet what was on the menu and the service splotchy.The service is a solid 3.  We had a very nice waiter; very amiable and helpful, but hard to flag down for a second beverage (even though he brought my co-diner one unsolicited). Yes, I felt slighted.  Second, it was dead when I tried to flag him down.  If it were busy I may have understood, but we were one of 2 tables in the place, post lunch rush, and I practically had to get up and walk to the service area to get his attention.  Minus one star there. The other minus 1 star comes from the fact that fries are extra for your burger.  I think that's kinda BS. They have pretty good Parmesan Truffle Fries (which really only tasted of truffle oil), but come on people, a $6 add-on when you're already paying over $10 for a burger is BS.  The fries were good, but not worth a $6 side.  $4 maybe. Could have been $6 with actual Parmesan on them. Maybe someone forgot the cheese.  Who knows.What I will rave about is their burger with a slice of pork belly.  SHEER EFFING DELIGHT!  Perfectly cooked, fresh burger -- 1000% delicious (yes, I said  one thousand percent), and the perfectly cooked and fat-laced pork belly addition was innovative, unique and tasty beyond belief when paired with the burger itself. It was supposed to have a chipotle mayo on it, but I didn't detect any condiment whatsoever., Frankly, the butter toasted bun, with the meats and the veggies that were on the burger sufficed anyway, but again -- not how it read on the menu.I guess the place is known for pizzas and such which looked great, but I have to say that despite my 3 star rating and less-than-stellar service -- I'd go back (and deal with paid parking) for another crack at that amazing pork belly burger.
4	Love Brick's decor...they used the space well and the patio is perfect for people watching especially since it's so nice outside (finally!).I went in before work because one of my friends works there & I thought I'd give it a shot so I'm not reviewing places I've been hundreds of times and absolutely love.The bartender was really friendly and attentive so from the get go, I was doing well. I ordered the focaccia with a side salad and the Brie soup. It was pretty good except the soup was cold. Not sure if that's how it's SUPPOSED to come but a little heads up woulda been nice. Other than that, I'll definitely be back....especially for the happy hour. :)
5	Nice chill place. Pot roast was delicious!! You have to try their parmesan crusted fries! Yummm! Good djs after hours!!
3	Wandering over to AZ Center in search of dinner, I decided to stop in at Brick.  I had not been here on awhile, slightly disapointed from my last visits I decided to give it another shot.  Grabbing a seat at the bar I ordered up thier red sangria, it was very watered down and blegh.  Finally deciding on a pizza,  bacon with spinach on a white sauce with feta to which I had them add carmelized onions, I watched a little baskeball on one of the bar flat screens and begin my wait.  A couple who sat next to me placed an order for the clams, it took more than 10 minutes after the order was placed to let them know that the kitchen was out of clams.  I felt bad becasue they were limited on time as they were on their way to a play.  Luckily they ordered the tuna tartar which the kitchen did have and were able to get out relatively quickly.  After what felt like a long time, maybe I was just tired and hungry, my pizza arrived.  The bacon was soggy long strips, I was truly hoping for chunks of crispy  bacon.  When serving, the limp soggy bacon would slide over from the other pieces leaving them bare of bacon. But the flavor of the pizza overall was better than expected especially once I sprinkled a generous portion of red pepper flakes on top.  The crispy thin crust worked nicely with this pizza.
1	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):6 Food2 Service8 Atmosphere6 ValueI've finally given up.  What an abusive relationship it was.This place is easily walkable to my home.  But so are dozens of other places since I moved downtown.  It's a super convenient location when going to the movies or the Herberger, though, so I really wanted this place to work out.  But it's just a big disappointment.The pizza is good, but no Cibo, so it's not somewhere I'd go just because I want pizza.Instead of air-drying their wine glasses they use paper towels, which leave white fibers all over the glass and floating in your wine, so it's also not somewhere I'd go if I wanted a nice wine experience.But the worst part is the service.On one occassion I came here before a play, thinking that I could get a relaxing meal before the show.  Unfortunately, it turned into a ball of stress because it took 10 minutes for the server to acknowledge us after the hostess seated us, and then over 40 minutes to get any food.  I stress the word "any" because we first ordered a cheese plate w/ wine as an appetizer.  The wine came out (average), then we ordered our meals: a salad and a pizza.  We wait.  And wait.  And wait.  And during all this waiting I'm not just sitting there quietly, I'm asking where our food is.  Still no cheese plate.  Finally the salad shows up, before the cheese plate, and no sight of the pizza.  What.The.Fuck.  While our server is apologizing for the shitty night, our cheese plate shows up in the hands of a food runner.  I tell them to take it back since the salad was already here.  We finish salad (originally we weren't splitting the dishes, but what choice did we have now?), but the pizza still isn't anywhere to be seen.  So I leave $20 on the table to cover the wine and half the salad and leave.  (It was my only cash and I didn't have time to wait another 15 minutes for them to run my credit card - we had a show to make.)I went back the next week to give them another shot.  Just drinks this time.  I order one of the drinks, and they can't make it because they're out of something.  Great.And last night was their last chance.  Just some wine & cheese after a movie.  We figured it would be a quick little post-movie treat.  But someone please tell me why the FUCK it takes nearly 30 minutes to make someone a cheese plate?!?!  Our server also never thought to bring us any water, which should honestly be in a server's hands when they greet your ass.  Eventually we had to ask another server for the water, because our server was nowhere to be found.  To top it all off, he took his sweet sweet time getting us the bill after we were done, and I'd seen him look at our empty plates with piled silverware, and then not appear with the bill until well over 10 minutes later.  On the way out, I saw our server hanging out at the hostess stand like he had nothing to do.  I guess I wouldn't have anything to do either if I was a server that didn't bother to take care of my tables.  All-in-all, it took over an hour just to have wine & cheese.There are so many quality places downtown with better pizza and better wine, that I don't see any reason to suffer this place's shit service for an average product.I tried to make it work.  I tried hard.  But Brick just never gave any effort back.  I'm so done with this place.  Goodbye Brick, and good riddance.
4	Great and fast service, tasty hummus, strong drinks makes a great place to stop if you are in a hurry before seeing a moving.We stopped in to Brick about 30 minutes before the movie started, ordered some hummus and a couple drinks.  It wasn't a difficult order to get in a hurry, but the bartender made sure things got to us quickly and got our check right away so we wouldn't have to wait.The hummus came with great add-ons - cucumbers, olives, onions, pita bread, etc. and was sweeter than most hummus we've had, but was so delicious.The food we saw coming out for others looked delicious so we'll definitely be back for more.  Thanks!
4	The smoked turkey wrap with grapes, was awesome!! Accompanied with Brie dipping sauce, yummy!!!! The sweet potato fries---:)  Love, love this place!!
1	The only thing saving this place from a one star rating is the pleasant decor.  The "hipster" staff was anything but pleasant, the food took forever to get and was nothing special.  The waiter was unattentive and moved about the same speed as a turtle.  The bartender gave me a dirty look when I asked her for some change so I could go add time to my parking meter (since the food was taking so long...) and then made me wait about 5 mins while she tended to other guest before she got it for me.  Ok, so since the begining of this review, and reliving my experience as I wrote, Ive decided that this place does not even deserve the two star rating I had originally planned on.  One star, this staff is horrible.  Don't make the same mistake I did, go somewhere else.
5	YAY!Good happy hour.
5	i come to Brick often and think that it is a great new addition to the AZ center. They offer cheese plates, delicious and out of the ordinary pizzas, as well as an awesome happy hour from 11-630!One of my favorite places downtown to grab a glass of wine and a quick bite.
4	The Brick Burger is my favorite burger in the state of Arizona...The service has always been friendly and I would agree with most folks and say that it is a hipster staff.  So if you don't like skinny jeans, piercings, effeminate males, or Death Cab For Cutie, you probably won't like the atmosphere.Overall, a great place and a great addition to the City Center.
2	If there was one word that could use to describe this place, it'd be "MEH". Sure, the staff is nice and friendly, the view from the patio is pretty sweet too (if you're into people watching - AND if the weather is tolerable), and holy damn if the iced tea here doesn't just about represent the perfect example of the drink... forget that hay-flavored crap every joint in town likes to dilute even more with the inclusion of ice cubes. This stuff is SERIOUS. I thought they brought me a coke by accident. Anyhow, to the pizza. Split a pepperoni and sausage with a buddy of mine and, seriously, I've had better at bowling alleys. My lunch buddy even called me a liar when I replied with "Just fine" to the waiter's question on how the meal was. That's about it. I'm not going to shit-talk the joint. It's perfect for where it is and what it is. I'd likely go back, but I'd try something else and f that failed me too, I'd write em off forever. Step it up BRICK (and why do they call them that?)! Howzabout some fresh basil or SOMETHING on that bland pie?
4	Working nearby the AZ Center, I often end up there for lunch.  So I was sad to see one of my favorite joints, Uno, go belly up.  It's replacement, Brick, is a good improvement though.  I'm not big on the hipster vibe, I think they're trying a little too hard to be cool.  The Pizza is so-so and the prices are on the low side of reasonable.  Two things I really like about Brick are the Beer and Burgers.  They have Spaten Oktoberfest on tap (best beer ever!) as well as a good line-up of Four Peaks beers.  The Burger is of special distinction.  It's the best burger in Downtown by far.  The burger is huge and hand-patted.  Order it medium rare for maximum enjoyment.  It has the perfect fat/meat ratio and some of the best flavor I've tasted in any burger anywhere.  The bun is soft and a perfect compliment to the patty.  They also put "pork belly" on it (essentially bacon).  It's just awesome!  Match the burger with a beer at lunch for about $15 with a tip and it's just about perfect.
4	This place is dark, but lit in all the right places, which lends to the overall chill ambiance. The bartender mixes a fantastic drink... I wish I could remember what she first suggested when I told her I liked gin, but it was superb. I followed with a Hendricks martini and she proved her skill set to be thorough. Not too hungry but still wanting to try some of their chef's creations, I had the corn cakes with smoked salmon. Said corn cakes serve as the base followed by creme fraiche, a slice of smoked salmon, a sprig of fresh dill, and some lemon zest. They were light and full of flavor, so basically just what the doctor ordered. I can't wait to go back and try their pizza as they looked and smelled quite incredible.
4	My boyfriend and i were going to a movie at the az center and we were way too early so we stumbled across this place in our.search for.a.snack...when we walked in it was a nice little atmosphere and their bar was nice...so we decided to go to the bar and get some.food...he ordered a pepperoni pizza which was pretty good and i ordered the classic gorganzola salad and we shared the grilled radicchio salad and pork belly and fried green tomatoes...i was very pleased.with my salad...but the the grilled radicchio salad was the disappointing part...this salad is something.right up my ally but there something about the fig they used...maybe it.was just that day because even ly boyfriend was like omg you dont like it...anything with prosciutto and fig u love and i was like I KNOW!!! I wish i loved it then i would have given it five stars...i also tried their whute wine sangria and it was fantastic very refreshing...the bartender was very sweet and really helped.us with what to.order...we ordered way too.much but my boyfriend is a large athletic guy he needs his food.and i always like to.try alot of things when i.try a new place...they have happy hour but i do not know the specials...do not leave without trying a dessert...I had the peach cobbler and it was delicious!!  The bartender said all the desserts were amazing so when I go back I will try something else...its a nice place and i would definitely go again...i just do not get downtown as often as i would like...i would recommend it!!!
2	This was our 1st time eating at BRICK.  We went late, got there at 9:40 pm. They close at 10 pm.  The waitress said we can only order pizzas, and -maybe' a salad because they are closing up the kitchen.  We looked at the menu & picked out a pizza & salad (they went ahead & made a salad, but it was the wrong one! We ate it anyway. The music there was very weird music, like LSD-trippy music. The waitress had a nose-ring in her nose, too! ..Gross.  People smoking outside in the front patio...the smoke was coming in to the restaurant! It was a bit irratating. We only went here because we had a Groupon coupon.  The pizza was overly greasy, but was tasty. The salad lacked dressing. They had 2 TV's in there, but like most places, it sports was showing..I am sooo sick of always seeing sports on the tv's at restaurants! ...Show a classic movie or something...Leave the sports to a Sports Bar!  ...Z-Pizza is better, but we are willing to give this place a 2nd chance though. :)
1	We were really disappointed with Brick.  The restaurant has cool outdoor seating and an interesting vibe, so we were excited to try it.  The service was average, but the food was pretty terrible.  We ordered the short rib pizza, but when it arrived, it was more like a cheese pizza with scallions sprinkled on the top.  There was no meat, and the cheese was rubbery.  We basically got a 14 dollar personal cheese pizza.  I ordered a grilled Gruyere and ham sandwich, which was the worst grilled cheese I have ever had in my life.  I didn't know that it was possible to not like grilled cheese.  They used the heel of the bread, and there was literally one slice of cheese and lots of salty, chewy ham (like pre-packaged from a grocery store).  The cheese was not melted, and the sandwich was actually dry.  We rarely review restaurants, but I felt compelled after leaving the restaurant.  We would never go back to Brick.
1	I second the negative reviews.  I rarely review and then only for something good.  I was glad that awful chain Uno's was out of the space, and took my family there for my wife's birthday.  Huge mistake.Bad food, high prices, poor service.  Much better options out there.
1	The food was just OK but over priced. The service or the lack there of was enough for us to never go back.  It is clear that its management has zero knowledge and experience in customer service.
5	My best friend and I decided to try Brick when we had a couple hours to kill downtown. We LOVED it! The service was great but the food was outstanding. We shared a calzone and a burger and spent just $13 each. The happy hour specials looked great and we'll definitely be back to try them out. The place was adorable too, with couches and outdoor seating, AND they played our favorite song. Five stars for sure, and we'll be back.
5	This place is simply fantastic. My first time here I had no idea I was even in a restaurant, it was after hours at a faux show event. The place looked like a full on night club, so you can imagine my surprise when I cam back to find a hip, trendy little eatery the next week. The super hot hipster waitress was enough to make my visit 5 stars, the staff reminds me of Pita Jungle only more professional. My friends and I shared a hummus plate and the pesto stuffed artichokes to start and I have to order both every time I go there. I have worked my way through the pizza menu and they are all really great, but I end up ordering the pork belly pizza more often than not, I've yet to find anything like it at any other pizza joint in the city. I brought a date with my last friday and we just shared some wine and cheese plate, we both ate and drank way too much and the next thing you know the place is being transformed into a night club again. I didn't know anything was going on so we stuck around to see the scene and within an hour the place was absolutely packed full of people, fog, lasers and the chick from Ladytron was djing, wtf?! Brick gets my 5 start vote for sure.
4	I have now sampled a few of the pizzas and, of course, had copious amounts of Peach Ale.  I'll say it, I like their pies.  Is this the best pizza I have ever had?  No.  But is this a solid pizza that comes with a cool ambiance and fantastic beer?  Yes!  Best of all is its location.  It's a great halfway point from my old place to Amsterdam.  Every time I have returned to Phoenix, I have been to Brick and never have been disappointed.  Also, shout out to Brooke.  I don't know if she is a bartender or server, but she is that super fun person who gets you drinks and food and enhances the dining/drinking experience.
2	Okay, so I had mentioned in my 1st review of this place that we would give it a 2nd chance... We still giving them just 2 stars. We went on a Fri night...pretty busy. Decided to eat outside on their patio which was pretty full of people...They we short-staffed on this night. The waiter was nice but always in a hurry to run off & even ignored us a few times when we tried to get his attention. We both ordered red wine....The glass was only about 1/3 full & paid like $8 a glass! ...I can get a 1.5 liter of wine at thestore for this price. We got a greek salad & a margeurita pizza...Pretty good, but nothing extraordinary...Oregano's has them beat by far! We will most likely not come again to BRICK....Oregano's Rocks!
3	Ambiance is appealing, service was attentive. Food was deliciously over priced. YIKES! Thank goodness for Groupon's or I'd never even try this place.
4	I think I have been to Brick twice and both times I enjoyed it. The paninis are delicious and well priced. I also had a salad that had a unique dressing on it, and that was pretty good. I haven't tried their pizzas, but it looked decent.  Some of their prices are a bit high, for the product, but overall Brick is a pretty good place in the AZ center. I recently bought a groupon for Brick, so I will be going back. I would've tried it again even without the groupon.
5	Great for date night. Relaxed atmosphere, and our server was prompt and attentive without being a helicopter.  My boyfriend had wine (full selection without being overwhelmed by choices), I had the green apple sangria (just the right amount of sweet), and we split the Margherita and Carnivore pizzas. Both pizzas were delicious. The sausage here is incredible, and what really made the Carnivore, but I think overall the Margherita was my favorite. Perfect amount of all the ingredients, incredibly juicy tomatoes, strong garlic and basil flavors. Definitely a place I'll be visiting again.
3	I like the ambiance here.  I went with a big group late-ish and we sat in the back.  The servers were super nice.  But there wasn't much of a selection for a pescatarian.  I ended up having the gorgonzola salad without the bacon and that was very good (although pricey).
5	We stopped by at Brick for a quick dinner before a movie next door. We shared a caprese salad and a short rib pizza. The pizza was awesome. I love the dough and the flavors of the short rib and the sweet potato just went together great. We will be back for dinner and try some of the other pizzas.I like the new burger varieties they have at $7.5
4	Brick is a really cool concept in the struggling-to-survive Arizona Center. Urban pizzeria, wine bar, and occasional dance club, it is an ideal spot to catch a quick bite before bar hopping downtown. I've only tried the pizza and the brunch here. The pizza is amazing! The brunch, I'm gonna give a second chance before I pass final judgement on!I'll def be back for the pizza, no doubt, and for any dj's they host, and of course for Cheap Thrills!We also came here for New Year's and requested a bottle of Champagne and the owner even set us up with a table for us and our friends. Thanks BRICK!
1	My boyfriend and I bought two groupons for brick and thought we would give it a shot.  The first time we went it was ok.  Service was good, food was not extraordinary, but not bad.  The decor is real cute and comfortable so we thought it could be a good place to hang out.  Then when we went by the second time, I ordered the gorgonzola salad, and my bf ordered a pizza.  When I got my salad I had found a little hair in it.  No big deal, I moved it off my plate, then continued to eat.  It didn't really bother me, I get it, it can happen, whatever.  Then I found another hair!  Then I was finally just disappointed...is someone going bald in the kitchen and not wearing a hair net or hat?  The server was very kind and offered to take it off the bill or bring something else.  I was still a little hungry so I just ordered the warm banana churros that were recommended.  DELICIOUS.  Only problem is that my stomach was a bit upset after leaving.  So all in all....they need to keep up with the cleanliness.
4	Nice atmosphere, good service, and good food by AZCenter standards.  Good happy hour menu and choices.  Good beer list.  Solid "good" in every respect.
2	I decided to go to Brick on the Friday 5/27, a few days before the Memorial Day Holiday. It was $20 to enter.  The service was not good, and the drinks were watered down. When I went to close my tab, the bartender that I went to all night, repeatedly asked my name and still handed me the wrong credit card and receipt. He then asked me to write my name on the back of piece of paper. After finally finding the correct card and printing the receipt again, he returned to where I was and threw the card and the receipt on the bar in front of me and walked away. Nice location, I've eaten there a few times and the food was good. The service from this night will make me think twice about going there again.
2	My husband and I bought a Groupon for Brick a few months ago and finally went last night.  Eh.  It was okay.  There's definitely better pizza to be had in downtown Phoenix (*cough* Cibo *cough*).  I was surprised that Brick is where Pizzeria Uno used to be at Arizona Center.Our first clue about its mediocrity should have been that this place was deserted on a Saturday night.  There were maybe four occupied tables when we got there around 6:30.  Even when we left around 8:00 it was still empty.  We had the hummus plate as an appetizer and it was mediocre.  Honestly it tasted like chick peas that had been run through the food processor with no other flavors added to it.  There's only one pita on the platter, and they actually charged us for an extra one when we asked.  The cheese plate we had was pretty awesome and definitely worth the money.  The pizza was just okay.  We had the one topped with pork belly, smoked salmon, and a fried egg.  It was definitely a new twist on pizza, but it wasn't anything to write home about.  Then of course after all was said and done we had to pay for parking, even after having it validated.  The Arizona Center just isn't worth it.  All in all, Brick was fine with the Groupon but I don't think I'd pay full price for it.
2	Overpriced and nothing special. They attempt to have gourmet pizza by having gourmet toppings, but when the crust, sauce and cheese all taste like little ceasars it just doesn't work. Wine list is fairly bad and way over priced. There are so many good gourmet pizza places in phoenix, don't waste your time at this one!
5	I am pretty surprised at the mixed reviews on Brick...  it is my first choice when visiting the Arizona center.I am an AVID bar diner...  meaning I like to sit at the bar and eat at most restaurants.  This one is nice, super duper thick so I can spread out all the delights I have ordered.  I believe it is concrete, which makes it nice and cool in the summer.  I usually order the Steamed Clams and an extra side of bread to sop up the delicious sauce.  It is so damn tasty.  I also order the good, cheap house wine to accompany it.  I am not a wine snob and don't know much about it, but when I say "I'll have the house Red/White" - it is perfecto.The decor and design are detailed and have the proper urban feel the title suggests.  The patio is awesome for people watching against the open air concourse of the AZ Center.Then there is this thing about Brick - It transforms into a nightclub on select nights...  who would ever guess.  "Cheap Thrills" the last Saturday of every month for serious half naked pretty people party that brings out the gentle hipster villains of Phoenix and "Mean Streets" every First Friday that brings in the artistic local music junkies.I am down with Brick because not only does it serve up the good eats...  it supports the downtown music/club scene with unbridled class.Cheers!
4	Great Pizza and drinks.  Great atmosphere and the service is top notch!!!
3	If you like crazy/unique/new/different pizza toppings/options, this might be right up your alley. I felt like Brick's niche was to be trendy with their options. Personally, I prefer a more classic pizza place that really dials in quality on a smaller menu. Service could have saved my review, but the host was very eccentric and the waitress didn't bite at any of our bait for conversation. She was grumpy the whole meal.What is the saying? There's no such thing as bad pizza or bad ___? Well if that's the case, I'll call my soiree with Brick a "one night stand."
2	I've been to this place twice for lunch since it's across the street from where I work. The only reason I returned a second time was to give them a second chance before I wrote the place off. The kicker is that the service and food was WORSE the second time around! On my first visit, I was promptly seated, but then waited for almost ten minutes for someone to come take my order. Keep in mind I'm on my lunch break and my time is limited. I ordered their cheeseburger lunch special. I received my food fifteen minutes later, so there went almost 25 minutes of my time. The burger was mediocre, but the fries were were good (only highlight of my visit). I did not know it took almost 5 minutes to run my card and pay my bill. The service was terrible and the place wasn't even busy!I gave this place one more shot mostly because I liked their fries. To make a long story short, the service and the staff's attitudes weren't any better, service time for a lunch crowd was no better (again the place was not busy) and the burger was terrible. Three bites into my burger and all I had chewed on was bread, cheese, and lettuce, (uploaded pics) and when I reached the meat it had no flavor. It's a sad day for a restaurant when McD's serves a better, tastier burger (the Angus kind) than you. So that's my disappointing experience with this place. Your fries can't save you this time.
2	I was not overly impressed with Brick, it is just another little restaurant that does not offer anything unique or incredible on their menu. My book club went here for our monthly meeting and I ordered their margarita pizza and a greyhound. My drink order came back wrong but when I pointed it out the waitress immediately fixed it. (Thank goodness for that some places just shrug!) To be honest I left it not hating it but not feeling the urge to return.
5	I loved this restaurant. I was very impressed by their menu with a lot of unique dishes. It has a cheese plate with a good selection of cheese in their dessert menu, which is a difinetely a plus for me as a cheese lover. Alhough we fanced their pizza and pasta menu, we went for Ahi Tuna burger and Magic mashroom burger. They were served with green salad. The ahi was cooked just right and all ingredients in the vegie burger were creating a nice harmony. The dressing on the salad was nice and it was not a typical side salad.For dessert, we ordered banana churro which had nice banana cream inside with vanilla bean icecream on the side. I've tried so many restaurants all over the world but Brick is one of the best in terms of the food. As for the service, we had to wait for a while for our waiter to come back a few times but he was very friendly and professional. I think the chef really knows how to cook and combine different ingredients. Their food is cooked in a healthy way too. So I will go back to this restaurant soon.
2	The food at Brick is definitely decent. No complaints there. But for the price I would definitely go elsewhere. There's nothing extraordinary about their pizza. There's really no reason to pay extra for it.
2	The steamed clams are amazing.  Salty, but really good spicy juice, nice little clams, and three slices of toasted bread to mop it all up.  A real favorite and a surprise at $8.Pizza is just okay.  It's not wood-fired goodness like most have come to expect.  Expect a crust more like Pizza Hut than Pizzeria Bianco.  But instead of a pizza hut pizza toppings, you get fairly creative.And like most pizza, it's not hard to eat and enjoy.  It's just not gourmet, and arguably not worth $13-15 for a 12" pizza. Skip the margarita.  At $13, something is missing and for an extra $1-2 you get much more interesting fair.Add in $3+ for validated parking.Not a terrible meal by any means, and the inside is fairly pleasant, but have low expectations and you won't be disappointed.
4	I liked it much better than these reviews indicate. We had a margarita pizza and the hummus plate. It was happy hour and had great prices on drinks and the hummus. I was happiest with the wait staff- our waiter was great!
1	Why the F did I eat here? I think because they serve beer and it was close to the movie theatre. This place has no idea what a Margherita pizza consists of. If you cannot get even the most basic pie right, then you have no business being in business. That said, this was the Arizona Center so my expectations were definitely not high. But still, it was wasted $$$.
4	I just had lunch with a friend here today and I had a fantastic experience.  I didn't see any reviews before I went, it was his suggestion, but getting on here I am surprised to see Brick has such low ratings. Mind you it was slow (Sunday afternoon) but everything was delicious.  I am a big fan of the classic pizza margherita (with mushrooms) and I have to say they may have NYPD pizza beat.  If my stomach was a bottomless pit I would have just kept eating and eating. We had the house chardonnay to accompany the pizza which was wonderful.  It wasn't too oaky or even too buttery like a lot of chards.  I also had a small caesar, it was nice and fresh, the dressing was light, not as intense a flavor as I normally like but it was still very good.  My friend had ordered some parmesan crusted french fries while waiting for me (I was moving slow, partied a little too hard last night!) and I snagged a couple of those and I know if they were fresh they would have delighted my tastebuds as well. I also like the ambiance. Very urban contemporary.  My friend says he goes there thurs/fri nights and it is hoppin, Live music, the whole shebang.  I think this might be my new go to when I'm craving exceptionally yummy pizza! And just when I started giving up hope that downtown phoenix had any "it" places left...
3	the three star yelp average review is correct.pizza quality differs every time i go there. it's either very good or very bad and nothing in between.hipster servers somes care, sometimes don't. cross your fingers before you venture to brick.
5	I'm giving you 5 stars because you are the only good restaurant to happen to the AZ Center since Lombardi's closed, which was a smart move by Alberto at the time given the terrible management of the AZ Center.  The movie theater played a big roll in killing the charm of the place as well.  By the way, I worked at Lombardi's as a Server and eventually Bar Manager from 1995 to 2000; therefore, AZ Center HELD a special place in my heart and I will never forget the good times that our staff had. The AZ Center used to be the biggest downtown Hot Spot in the 1990's.  Whether you were going to a show, a Suns game or what have you, AZ Center used to be the happening spot.  There used to be an fun sports bars, both up and down stairs (Where 1130 and the Collections Agency are now located)  Fat Tuesdays used to be right across from the movie theater.  Gap was where the movie theater is now.  Moon Doggies brought in all the hotties.  Oyster bar used to be upstairs from Hooters.  The place was awesome.  Local Celebrities such as Alice Cooper used entertain us once a week and had his Zuppa Di Pesce.  Jerry Colangelo came in almost every day for lunch to enjoy his Rigatoni A Telefono.  John Hook every other day came in before the news to have his favorite Minestrone.  The list goes on.     So anyway, back to you.  The pizza at Brick are pretty good.  I would not go as far as Cibo or Bianco good, yet, but I really like the creativity of the Pizzas and the flavors of the ingredients.  I've been here 3 times and each time, split a pizza and salad with my girl.  Have not yet tried the pastas.  Salads are well put together and amazing.  There was some in-consistency each time, but never bad.  The ambiance is great and the patio is fun.    Just watching everyone work at the place and how there is actually a sense of professionalism and class with your staff, leads to me to believe that you are going in the right direction.  Don't ever forget that service with a smile, table touching and making sure that everyone passing by your guests are greeting them will take you far.  Eventually, the entire staff will have a swagger to them.  Everything will mesh and gel.     I have been in the shoes of this restaurant.  Initial start-up is not easy.  It really does take a good year for a place to become well established and consistent with EVERYTHING, so give this place a chance because if you want good food from a good Chef at the AZ Center, you will not find it anywhere else there.  With hard work and the support of guests, I can see this place becoming a hit.  We'll definitely be back.
4	Amazing staff and a wonderful place. Sad to find the place nearly empty though.This is my first time in Phoenix, AZ. I was forced to stay there for two days because my flight to NJ was cancelled due to Hurricane Irene. Had to say I found Phoenix rather a depressing city (I work in NYC, maybe I comparing against the vibrant NY).  There is nobody anywhere. However compared to my NY experience I found the customer service staff wonderful. We ordered a Margherita Pizza and a sandwich suggested by the waitress (forgot the lady's name). Both was excellent and reasonably priced. This place deserves more crowd
4	Every time I have dined here I have walked away happy and full.  It is a great place to go and split a pizza and a salad.  The salads are certainly big enough for two and I have tried both the Greek and the Gorgonzala and enjoyed them both.  I liked how the greek salad had all the ingredients on the side so I could choose what I wanted to mix in.  My favorite pizza is the chicken pesto which has great flavor.  Very cool staff and good happy hour specials but it does tend to be a quiet place on weekdays so if you're looking for weekday crowds this may not be your spot though it is great on friday and saturday nights.
4	Today I ordered the Signature Bread Salad. Dee-lish! If you're looking for more greens of a kind of salad (i.e. lettuce, kale, spinach, chard) this is not the salad for you. This perfect and refreshing salad included mozzarella balls, warm pieces of bread, various types of olives, MANY tomatoes, slivers of red onions, balsamic vinaigrette and was worthy of a picture. The salad reminded me of a very large bruschetta as a salad. Be sure you compliment it with a glass of wine. Unfortunately, I couldn't but I did drink it with an Arnold Palmer. One more thing-I've read a lot of reviews about Brick that provide criticism regarding the wait staff. My server was wonderful. I got refills when I wasn't even asked for it and felt that my server, although a "vampire" by some of your assessments, was very attentive and helpful. I look forward to trying some more dishes at Brick in the near future.
3	I went here for lunch around 12:45 with my friends on a Wednesday afternoon. I ordered the BlackBoard Special - half pizza and salad. I think there's a pizza of the day, because the only pizza I could get was the BBQ Chicken. Normally that's not something I would ever go for, but I got it anyways, and it was good. The salad was pretty small, but considering you get a 1/2 pizza, it's a good balance. Nice ambiance, very chill and sophisticated.
1	Compelled to sign up for yelp just to write a review of this place.  Went tonight and the place was nearly empty.  That should have been my signal to turn around. Ordered the spaghetti and meatballs with angel hair pasta.  Meatballs were rubbery and had likely been sitting around all day heating (yes, it's 8:30 PM, but if the place is open, I kinda want fresh food).  Meal was overall ok--not wowed, no food poisoning, but the night is still young.  To echo the comments about the wait staff, very disinterested.  The thing that sealed it was the beverage 'refills' or lack thereof.  I'm drinking soda.  The waitress comes by and grabs the glass when it's 1/3 empty and replaces it.  Fine.  I get the bill and she's charged me for two sodas.  Most nearly everyplace does free refills, especially for a $2.75 soda--and if not, she should at least ask if I wanted another one instead of just taking it.  Soft drinks aren't even listed on the menu so I'd have no way of knowing the cost, much less that refills were not complimentary.  I deducted the cost of the second beverage from the recommended tip and left a $0.75 gratuity.  I left even feeling like that was being overly generous.
4	Love the hummus plate. Fun for happy hour with the girls.
5	I heart happy hour @ brick!   $3 four peak brews (and they even have peach, my favorite) and a selection of half price delicious happy hour food  Everyday till 6:30 p.m.  perfecto.  The music is great, location is nice.  Service is awesome!  I can ride my bike there and park it just outside the patio.  My new favorite spot.
5	We must have had excellent luck because I loved this place! I met my DH down town for dinner & movie (just doing our part to try & get dt Phx. hip & happening). He suggested Brick & I wasn't initially thrilled because I don't like most pizza but agreed to start there for a drink.  I was immediately intrigued however when we walked in the place by the rustic yet hip ambiance. The hostess wasn't very friendly but our waiter made up for it & suggested an excellent glass of wine which was priced so low for happy hour I had to have 2.I ordered 2 small appetizers & a small Greek salad. I couldn't have been more pleased w all 3. Smoked salmon on corn 'cakes garnished  w a sliver of preserved lemon, dill & a bit of creme. The pesto stuffed artichokes w sun dried tomatoes were insanely good and my Greek salad was by far the best salad I've ever had. The dressing was a home made concoction of cider vinegar, fresh herbs and pomegranate. Who knew that would work on a Greek salad, mabey they should call it Medditteranean instead? Oh, the feta on the salad was very fresh and smooth. For 2 glasses of excellent wine, 2 premium beers, my smorgasbord & my husbands hamburger & fries we paid under $50 including tip!
3	Brick isn't changing the world with their pizza but their pizza and other food is quite satisfying and I can't complain about their bar and specials. Make sure you check the chalkboard as you walk in and on the back wall they have specials posted.Food & Drinks - 4/5Pizza is good even when its bad, this pizza wasn't bad at all. I'd go again for a pie. The bar had a great selection including 4 or 5 Four Peaks beers (Peach was on tap and it's one of my favorites)Service - 3/5Service was quality, the waiter wasn't overly anxious to help but was around if we needed him.Atmosphere - 3/5Has kinda a confusing feel from the patio and front of the bar/restaurant but the area is comfortable and the dining room isn't packed with tables.Price - 3/5average, $15 for 12" pizza with a bunch of toppings.Overall - Nice casual place to get dinner and drinks with friends good place to stop before a movie at the AMC Theater next to it.
2	We were greeted a the door and were quickly seated at a booth with no one around us. As my husband and I surveyed the menu we noticed the restaurant slowly filling up. Well pretty soon the people in the booth behind us had their order taken then the people in the booth in front of us were getting their orders taken and we sat there in obscurity with never a greeting from a waiter or busboy/girl( no water given to us). Finally my husband waved to the waiter behind me to ask for our waiter to take our order. The waiter seem confused as to why we haven't been served and said he wasn't our waiter but would take our food and drink order( without writing any of it down) we were skeptical as to whether we would get the correct food. This waiter came back with our drinks then later someone else delivered our food and yay the order was correct! We split an order of the apple and blue cheese salad  and sausage and roasted red pepper pizza. The salad was fresh and tasty and the pizza was good. The pizza would've been great if they used a higher quality mozzarella cheese. Anyways since we technically had no waiter my water glass was never filled and my husband was never asked if he wanted another beer. The waiter who took our order did stop on his hurried way to the kitchen and asked if we wanted cheese and pepper flakes for our pizza which we were already eating ( at least we were asked). This was the only time anyone in the restaurant looked at us. We flagged this same waiter down for our check and then had to stop another waiter to take our credit card at which time this second waiter asked who our waiter was and we replied" we never had one". When our copy of our check came back to us we asked to speak to the manager. We explained to the manager how we felt like we were invisible and never had anyone waiting on us and had to ask for everything. The manager apologized and tried to explain to us about a shift change but that doesn't explain why our booth was ignored it wasnt like we were in some corner, our booth was in the middle of the restaurant. The manager never offered to discount our check... He just looked at us and said "sorry". What horrible customer service. We would've had this same great attentive service if we ordered food to go! The food was good but the service or lack of sucked so no, we will never step foot in this place again.
5	Went here after the Children's Museum this Saturday. Had some friends from CO in town so I decided to show them that Phoenix can throw down! The Phat burger is where its at. I also tried the Thai Chicken and Jalapeno Pizza. It was on point. Four Peaks Drafts were $3 for the win!!!
4	Not sure - why the bad reviews - good and creative pizza, friendly staff,  nice ambience, full bar, convenient location downtown.  What's not to like?
4	Super friendly staff and decent prices. Got a Four Peaks peach for happy hour at $3 and my delicious Phat Burger (10oz angus, bacon, avacado, lettuce, mayo) was under $10. I added parmesan truffle fries as my side for an addtl. $1. Nice late lunch for under $20!
1	Horrible customer service! I made a reservation at Brick for my bachelorette party. When we called they said they could seat 12 people no problem. We showed up on time for the reservation and they said there was someone else who had already made a reservation and they could try to seat us at the bar instead. They had our phone number, but did they call to tell us this? No. So the hostess gets the manager. He apologizes about the reservation, but does not offer accommodations. We ask to receive a discount on the bill or perhaps happy hour pricing, but he says he cannot do anything. Thanks Brick for starting off my important night on a such a bad note. Luckily we were able to get in at 1130 next door and they had amazing customer service, even gave the entire party a free shot without us asking for it.
1	Terrible service. Had a bachelorette party of 14, they took our reservation and did not honor it as "they got too busy". They did not apologize, nor make an offer and worse... did not call us to inform us they gave away the table. We even arrived early and they said "We got busy, you can go somewhere else". Absolutely Terrible!So we went to 1130 which as a restaurant next door to them, and they were AMAZING! Great service and even gave our party a discount and free drinks for the inconvenience and terrible service we received at Brick.
5	The entire staff is amazing, ( Shawn is our favorite) the food delish, atmosphere trendy and chilled, libations solid and desserts ( especially the peach cobbler) to die for. Brick is a must do for all foodies!!
3	The margherita pizza was extremely salty.
4	My second favorite place during my weekend stay.When we arrived the server said the kitchen was running behind and we might have to wait a bit.  So we just ordered a salad to start.  It was less than 5 minutes before they brought the salad.  It was very tasty and large enough to easily feed 3-4 as an appetizer.Then we moved onto pizza.  I am a bit of a snob when it comes to pizza, but the 4 cheese pizza was DEELISH!Service was good. very attentive.Enjoyed people watching too.  Apparently it is a good first/blind date spot.  Enjoyed watching people loosen up after a few cocktails.  Entertaining to say the least!!!Hoping to go back to PHX in September, and will definitely stop by this place agai
3	The Good:-Great atmosphere. The tables and booths are spaced out so even if it's busy, you still have the "private dining" atmosphere.-Great drink selection and a double bar (you can sit right at the bar, or at a second bar-like row behind it)-Pizza is good.The Bad:-Inattentive service. The waiter forgot our appetizer order entirely (never put it in) and never refilled our waters. Getting a beer took ages and looking at the other reviews, we aren't alone in this.-Pizza was good but not great. For being a pizza place I was hoping for more, but it was very run-of-mill brick oven pizza. I recommend The Parlor, Cibo, and Pizzeria Bianco over it.Overall: A good place to stop in with friends for a bite and a drink before a movie. Not a good place to go when you are starving and want food right away. Could be a good second or third date place.
3	Good, but not great, pizza in my estimation.  We had a couple of them, ordering the four cheese with pepperoni and the spinach-feta combo.They were both good, but, like I said, not great, which is what I was hoping for.  Nothing wrong with the place, and I didn't think the prices were bad for food or drink, but I was just hoping for something a little more, I guess.Some reviews before mine complained of the service, so I was a little concerned, but our waitress was very good and attentive.
3	I went here with my mom last weekend for dinner. When we entered there was a strange odor around the door...kind of sewage -y...not so appetizing. It went away in the dining area. The tables are cute, painted in bright colors. My mom and I split the four cheese and pepperoni pizza and the spinach artichoke dip on the waitress's recommendation. Well....the spinach artichoke dip was not good, in my opinion, however, my mom did like it. It was kind of smokey and had an off-putting flavor, almost like bad cheese (but I don't like blue cheese or anything so maybe that was the problem?). It wasn't a typical dip. Anyway, the pizza was alright, not great, but not bad by any means. I thought it was overpriced, but I'd eat it again due to its proximity to my house. At the end of the meal there was a mix up with the check....the wrong amount of change was brought back...twice....but the problem was resolved so it's not that big a deal. Overall, I wouldn't run over there to eat, but I wouldn't steer clear of it either.
3	My wife and I stopped here on our way to a day movie to get a quick bite to eat, I would have to say "so so."  We shared a Caprese Salad, very tasty, and a pizza, the pizza was just 'meh.'  The building is odd with a big floor in the middle of the restaurant, I assume they have a night crowd or are in hopes of one.  A lot of Yelp reviews complained of a weird odor when they walked in, we noticed no such odor.  Our server was very nice and dealt with the lunch crowd very well while not ignoring us.Happy hour begins at 11:30am and they have a large selection of Four Peaks drafts, very nice.  I think we will be back to give it another try.  They have burgers on their menu, hopefully for a reason, so I will have to see how a Pizza place performs on cooking a burger.
5	This place is fantastic.  The food is excellent and their $5 any glass of wine happy hour is a great way to explore their wine menu and try something new without investing a whole bunch.  Jordan took car of us today and he was fantastic.  The Brick is our go to place in the AZ center and their patio is the best place to kick back and people watch.
3	This place is super easy to stop into after a movie at the AZ Center AMC Theaters (right next door).  It used to be Pizzeria Uno years ago, and this place is definitely better than THAT.  Happy Hour prices on drinks are awesome, and so is the appetizers, but you can't get Happy Hour prices on food if you are sitting on the patio :/  Pizzas are good, salads are good.  First time we tried the place, we just wanted a margherita pizza, but they were out of basil....HUH?!  at a pizza place?!  So they put arugula on in instead and it turned out ok.  The actual margherita pizza WITH basil is pretty tasty.  Love the thin crust.
4	I have been to Brick more than a handful of times now because it is about 50 steps from my favorite theater in the valley.  My favorite menu item, by far, is their lemon pizza.  The lemons are preserved/candied and they are delish.  They also have a great happy hour, a decent wine selection, and friendly waitstaff.It has taken me a while to write a review on this place because it's not really a "standout."  It always comes up when we are talking about where to eat, but we never end up going there.  I'm not sure why...Overall if you are in the Arizona Center you should try this place out - it's worth the stop for some tasty, unique grub.
4	My friend and I stumbled upon this place on our way to a Yelp event. They have some really good happy hour drink specials, very few happy hour food specials.We both enjoyed some $5.00 wine (NICE pours), and some deep fiend artichokes stuffed w/ pesto (im not a fan of artichokes, but I could eat those everyday).We also shared a thai chicken pizza, they even did chicken on half for my veggie lovin BFF. The pizza was much more greasy than I expected it to be for a thin crust, but it was still really good.Our server was great. Very nice and attentive. Love what they did w/ the old Unos space, its very warm and inviting and features a lot of, you guessed it, brick!Overall, this is a nice place to stop at before heading to a movie, the Herberger, etc.
5	Good food, very reasonably priced, great service! And they have prosecco for a great early dinner drink.
5	Great eatery!!! Nice food, good wine!
4	Randomly walked by this restaurant and decided to grab dinner here.  The restaurant had a very hip bar vibe to it and there were a good amount of people.  My bf and his parents ordered hummus and bruschetta for appetizers and  the margherita and chicken pesto pizza.  I, on the other hand, ordered tomato soup and hot tea because I wasn't feeling too hot.I did try some of the food and I thought the hummus was pretty good but the Bruschetta was excellent.  They had a couple of different kinds but my favorite was the one with thin slices of green apple which gave it a nice light crunch taste and the smoked salmon.The pizza also pretty good but I only picked at one slice but my soup was not that great.  It tasted more like pasta sauce than tomato soup
4	Great selection of 4 Peak Brewery beers, which happens to be one of my favorite breweries in the area.  Pretty neat little vibe in this place, relaxed atmosphere with an always friendly staff.  2 thumbs up
5	I was in town for a business trip I decided to try burger and pasta it was BOMB!!!!!! I got blue cheese burger comes with avocado grilled onions tomato bacon cheese and fries also i got the chicken lemon pasta . The server Dennis was nice :)
4	Took my client here because the other option was Hooters, which is a no-no, the muddled grapefruit crush is probably one of my favorite drinks now.
1	Fuck these lazy pretentious bullshit artists. In particular, I'd like to extend a hearty "fuck you" to the hostess. Maybe you should write people's names down when there's a wait, since you can't seem to keep track of the order. Why does everyone hate hipsters? Brick pretty much sums it up.
4	I have been here many times, mostly for a happy hour drink. Great beers on tap with a good selection, Brook the bartender is a sweet heart! The pesto artichokes are the best. I once went in for dinner and had pizza, it was good, crust was great!. Love to sit on the patio and people watch while having a drink.But last time I was in I noticed the place going down cleanliness wise. The bathroom was a mess and the toilet was broken, i had to reach in the tank to flush it. Yikes. But I will be back because I enjoy the place and its a great location, just keep it clean.**Changed rating because they cleaned it up and let me know they are listening!** :)
5	Somehow my family always winds up at the Brick after visiting the Science Center.  It is a pleasant walk from Heritage and Science Park to the Arizona Center where the Brick is located.  Last visit, the kids sat at the table with the couch and ordered on their own, mostly, and the adults had some grownup time.  They were eight years old and the waitress was very accommodating about this arrangement.  The restaurant satisfies the kids and the adults.  There is pizza and there is adult friendly pizza. And there is water and there is wine and beer.  There are also salads and burgers.  I recommend checking out the appetizers and small plates.  We usually get something to share with the table.
1	Place was empty on a weekday afternoon (2pm), but service was still extremely slow. Iced Tea was way too strong. Burger - raw! Tarte Flambee - utterly terrible. Would never try this place again.
1	We came in for the reviews and almost left for lack of service. What a shame... I was excited to try something new. the waitress actually was just sitting up front wrapping silverware for a good 15 min before I finally hollered her over to take my order (never done that before, next time I will leave first) the only reason I bothered was because the reviews lead me to think it might be worth it. NOT!!!only thing good was my beer 4 peaks solo, not really a compliment to this place but 4 peaks. I ordered a burger med-well.... thing was cold and raw in the middle. the truffle fries were good but not enough to make me come back or recommend to anyone. A real shame.
2	Meh
4	A couple weeks ago, we decided to pay Brick a visit.  I am a fan of Wild Thyme's two north Central restaurants (Timo and especially Spoke & Wheel), so I had to try it out.  I was a little apprehensive because of its middling reviews, but on the other hand, most of those reviews only seem to complain about service.  Get over yourselves, people.Two of us had pies, and the third diner had a burger.  Their burgers seem to be the same that are offered at Spoke & Wheel, and they are delicious there.  I went with the pizza, but I heard the burger was good.The pie was excellent, but as a pizza destination, Brick suffers due to its proximity to Bianco.  Why would you go have pizza at Brick when Bianco is practically right across the street?  I'd be more inclined to visit Brick if I'm looking for a burger.The ambiance is very warm and laid back.  They seem to encourage hanging out.  Which is pretty cool.We also had the peach cobbler, which was delectable.This place would be better if it were in Tempe, or Mesa, or somewhere else that doesn't already have a high concentration of excellent pizzas.Oh, and the service was not that bad.
3	All of the dishes that I have had have been pretty tasty and decently priced. Service at the bar is responsive. I work across the street so $3 Four Peaks at happy hour is what usually brings me in. I would definitely recommend for that purpose.
5	Excellent Pizza, Great Beer, Unbelievable Prices and Outstanding Service !!! Incredible place... been living in the middle of bumble f$#% California (El Centro) and would do the 3 hours drive every 2 weeks for this place. Also Four Peaks Beer at $3 dollars in happy hour every day or $4 bucks regular... ICING ON THE PIE !!!
4	The food here is amazing. Pizza is perfection, but the peach cobbler is divinely inspired. I say they could use better service because the staff tends to be hanging out when it's slow instead of really paying attention to customer needs. I will say though, the food makes it worth it!
3	Place was good. I got the Phat Burger, it was good. Wasn't too busy. Service was fine. Would definitely come back again.
4	Contrary to some of the reviews on here. I thought the service was top notch and the food was excellent. I would recommend this establishment to any of my friends.
4	Great food, excellent service, and the stout on tap is amazing. Had a social for a business trip and Jordan (mgr) really hooked it up. Will go back on my next Phoenix trip.
2	Had the margarita pizza. Not great. Wait staff were fine. I would try somewhere else next time.
5	ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!! First off, It's completely reasonably priced. I ordered the ten inch Mediterranean pizza and it was 9 dollars, and for the quality I thought that was great. Our waitress was this cute little thing and she was so nice and so down to earth. And the food was so good, I most definitely coming back. It's odd that people don't give this a high rating because I thought it was great.
4	I really liked this place we had the four cheese and pepperoni pizza and bruschetta. The staff was extremely friendly and good was really good. New down town favorite. :)
1	I can only review the service since I lasted about 10 minutes here. I came in during a soccer game and looks like the restaurant was celebrating with their staff. Or at least that's what we figured out while waiting to be acknowledged. When we first walked in it took a minute for the hostess to come and greet us. We thought we had wandered into a private party at first.  The hostess allowed us to choose our table, dropped off the menus and then walked over to a nearby couch, sat down and started eating and talking to a friend. We waited nearly 10 minutes without anyone coming up to us. All we wanted were beers and an appetizer so I got up to order from the bar. I waited there without even an acknowledgement glance from the bartender. I gave up there, walked back to the table and my sister informed me they came and took the food order. By then, I was tired of waiting so we got up and left. And honestly, if the hostess had just explained that they were hosting a get together for the staff and it would be a few minutes before someone came to us, that would have been no problem at all. But because nothing was communicated, it left us confused and a little impatient with them.  Will not return.
4	I was recommended coming to this place on Saturday nights (latin nights).  Moving from New York a year and half ago I was missing some things but slowly  I have been finding things that give me a piece of the big apple. Brick you have saved me from searching any more places for my saturday nights. I love the vibe, theres no drama everyone is dancing and having a good time love the patio area.  The bouncer he is cool...Not  pushy or one of these guys who harass the guys. (husband went with me). Thank you for letting the latinos get there day of dancing in.
5	They have an amazing IPA on tap. Brooke is AMAZING! Smart, super friendly and easy on the eyes. You have to try the south western pizza. It's a must! Do not open the menu just order what I say people. But back to my Brooke  don't be cheap people treat my girl right!! XoXoXo The Hater
5	Food was really good. We came in with our volleyball team right before closing and they still accommodated all of us (30). Great staff. I would definitely eat here again
3	Pizza is okay. Cesar salad is consistent and the wings are great. But this place is DEAD. Like we were one of four tables... And our service was subpar at best. (Here on a Friday night nonetheless)Maybe they should try a reverse happy hour to grab more peeps? Or something... An empty restaurant is a sad restaurant.
4	Just went to brick for the first time , the food  we delicious and our server Manny was amazing, polite attentive ...definitely will be back =)
1	Some of the worst service I've had in a long time. Waiter forgot multiple things on our order more than once and tried to charge us. Food was mediocre at best and the restaurant was dirty.
1	We went to Brick with little information but excited to do a 20 person team dinner. It's a good thing the company was awesome because the rest of the experience was awful. In a two hour period we only got 1 drink order and it took 45 min to get our app and food order in.  It took 1.5 hours to get our food, apps came later cold and unwanted. 3 orders didn't show up at all and our server was MIA. We harassed the poor food runners to help us get the final dinners and finally our server shows up now 2 hours into our dinner and still missing entrees. When we told her she showed little concern in resolving the issue. The food was cold and bland and we paid over $100 for appetizers that were uneaten since they showed up late. The worst part, she wanted a $90 autograt on our bill, I balked so she took 10% off the bill but kept the full $90 tip for the worst service I have ever experienced!
4	Pizza was excellent. Service fair. Bathrooms really dirty. I would go back for the pizza again but wouldn't be in any rush.
1	We just finished the 2014 zombie walk and walked in. No one paid any attention to us as we stood by the please wait to be seated sign for five minutes, so we went and sat on a comfortable couch. We sat there for 35 minutes and no one ever came up and talked (yet waitresses walked by us numerous times) to us so we left.
4	The food at Brick was good - no complaints.  I had the Arizona burger and my friend had a sausage pizza. the food was hot , fresh and properly prepared. But our server, Jessie, made this visit. She forewarned me that my preferred beer had been a bit flat and brought me samples of my selections. Jessie's smile was warm and genuine. she was attentive  and stopped by the table frequently to see how we were doing.   Decent food and a pleasant staff.  I wouldn't hesitate to go back.
1	Very, very poor service on Christmas Day! Perhaps it's our fault for thinking that if an establishment is open, they will have enough  staff. The one guy got very surly when we asked for sugar for our hot tea that had grown cold!  Our food waited on the kitchen counter and got cold before we received it. The food was not even mediocre. No stars at all!
2	Food here was decent but not particularly great in any way.  I was mostly disappointed in the service given that they weren't very busy and we barely saw the waiter.  Considering they added a 20% tip automatically, I guess he had no incentive to work for it!  You'll find better service and food elsewhere
