1	It rained on my child's birthday and she wanted minigolf. We live in the east valley and loaded up grandpa and her best friend and drove 30 miles across town to go here. The website said they had amusement park rides, minigolf, etc... Well, let me tell you, it was a waste of our time.The amusement rides were the little fiberglass ones the kid sits in and you put a coin in. Very small and two were broken.Mini golf was kind of cool and cheap enough, but one hole had a paper cut for the hole because the regular "real" hole was missing. After playing a round of golf, the kids wanted to play in the "arcade". I was contemplating how many tokens to buy, and the employee said "don't buy too many, most of our stuff is broken anyway". I should've left then but I bought $10 worth thinking it couldn't be that bad. I was so wrong! Air Hockey worked but it was smaller than regulation sized table and didn't keep score for you. One of 6 arcade driving games worked. The rest sat there gathering dust. There was one single pinball game and my ball got stuck after about 30 seconds. I went to the employee, she rolled her eyes and walked over with the key. She reset something and walked away without a word. Thirty seconds into my next game it did it again! I was not about to ask again. I would say of the 18 machines they had, 5 may have worked and they sucked. The only one that worked the way it should've was the one that scooped up and gave free candy (I don't even want to know how old it was!) to the kids. (Thanks, a lot!). Grandpa and my wife were sitting at a nearby table while I was with the kids playing. As I said, it rained that day. Not three feet from where my family sat, a hole in the ceiling dripped rain on the next table and there was a large puddle on the floor. As we got to the bottom of the bucket of coins the two women employees gave us, we found staples lying there. There were a few sharp staples at the bottom of the cup, and we were appalled. If the little kids stuck their soft-skinned fingers into there eagerly, then we would've been on the way to the hospital for tetanus shots. By this point i was completely disgusted. I went to wash my hands before we left and there was no water pressure in the bathroom sink. It was barely a trickle. It was the same for my wife in the women's room. We quickly wrapped up the kids and left ASAP.There's a huge FOR SALE sign on the side of the building. No wonder it's for sale, the current people have let this place go. It's really ghetto and scary. DO NOT go here! This is for the Phoenix location. I've not been to the Mesa location.
1	I bought a Groupon for this place (4 wristbands for $30) and thank goodness! I would have been so mad if I paid full price ($60 for four people). As it is, I'm upset I even paid the $30.  It was way over crowded - granted we went on a Saturday- and it just felt so dirty! There was one station with foamy antibacterial hand soap and I think we used it every 30 minutes.  My husband was with me and he commented that we all need to go home and get in the shower.  The most fun thing was the mini golf but it was hard to play with so many people on the course. My husband just stopped playing because the people behind us were constantly standing there waiting for us to play.  My older son - age 7- liked the swing ride and laser tag. My younger son - age 4- would only ride the train which to me seemed like the best ride there.  The employees did not seem very enthusiastic about their job, they were just going through the motions of latching kids into rides and pushing the buttons. They all seemed very young too. We will not ever be coming back here!
3	My nephew just turned  2 - we took him here for his birthday instead of a larger amusement park because he and his sister are both under 5 years old and under the height requirement for most rides at larger parks.This place is a great alternative for small kids. The best thing is that they charge one cover fee for children ONLY - about 16.00 a kid and they can ride everything as many times as they want as well as play mini-golf and mini-bowling and for kids 5 and over, can play laser tag as well.The kids had a great time and rode the swings and flying elephants about 7 times each. They loved the golf and the bowling and had a great time on the play gym too. My niece also loved the robotic zebra and giraffe that they let kids ride.I would recommend this place to parents who have tiny kids under 7 years old.  Older kids will not be impressed at all.They have party rooms and a small cafe that serves pizza, burgers, etc.  You need to buy tokens for the arcade games - they only had $20.00  for 100 tokens when i was there - but the kids had fun playing the games and winning tickets.I was happy to see how much they enjoyed themselves.
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars because it's not even worth 1 star.First off.....look them up to see their health inspections (www.maricopa.gov) and click on "Restaurant Ratings" under "Quick Links"  I don't know how this place hasn't been shut down! Look at the things the health inspector writes: black slime, black & orange mold, etc. Disgusting. This place should be closed down as it's a threat to public health.This is the 2nd time I have been there due to a birthday party being held there and I will never, ever again go. It's the most ghetto place I have ever been to. The employees are all kids who don't care, not one employee looked like they wanted to be there. All they did was grunt and look miserable. 3 machines took my tokens. More then half the machines were out of tickets. The token machine was out of tokens and several other people were waiting as I was for tokens for at least 15 min. We were told the employees had to go empty out the machines first because they didn't have any other tokens. My son wanted to go on the train and carousel but there was no operator there. Other people were going up to ask to have someone come over and operate the carousel but no one ever came.This has to be the dirtiest, most disgusting place I have ever seen in my life. Trash was everywhere, you can tell they don't clean their equipment on a regular basis. When I took my son up on the carousel, it was wobbly which made me wonder how safe it was and how often it was checked for safety. I saw several employees actually wearing dirty, wrinkled up shirts. This place looks like it's literally falling apart. I simply cannot believe how dirty and disgusting it was there. Even the air felt stale. You couldn't pay me enough money to ever go back there again!!
1	How did this place go down hill so fast!! It just opened and is already a dump with terrible employees. Serious health and safety violations. Gross.
2	I took my son, 5 years old, and my two nieces, 8 and 3 years old. This place is definitely for younger children. I would say under the age of 4. It wasn't too crowded but there were minimal games and the bowling was not working this day which was part of the "deal" that I bought. It was overall clean but the staff barely spoke to you if even made any eye contact. For a place that just opened a year ago it was already kind of run down. We spent about 2 hours here and had enough. The kids seemed to have fun but there are definitely better places out there for a better price.
4	I am choosing 4 stars because I think 5 star ratings are over rated on Yelp and get filtered... but I honestly love Jambo Park and am saddened with all the negative reviews.I have gone to Jambo Park in Phoenix several times. Most recently it was for my nephew Branden's 7th birthday party a few weeks ago. It's so hot outside in Phoenix in June, and the establishment was nice and cool. It felt so good when we first walked in.I can also attest that it was also very clean and spacious. All the kids that were there were having a great time. As for me, I love feeling like I am in a 'tropical" environment so I was pretty relaxed.The employees were very courteous and helped wipe up a spill that my nephew made when he spilled his drink on the floor. I have a blast getting tickets. The only place I have been to that is similar to Jambo Park was Chuck E. Cheese, which I didn't like. Jambo Park was a really fun time in my opinion, it was clean and I highly recommend it if you want someplace safe for your kids to have a fun time!
5	Again, I start this review with thinking it is unfair to a business that someone can rate it with 2 stars because it's for kids and wasn't for them.  If you went to Jambo thinking it was going to be a cool place for your 21 year old self to hang out...that's not their fault.My kids are 3 (yes, both my kids are 3) and they absolutely love Jambo.  The first thing to note is the staff.  Many of the kid places around town lack staff that enjoy children.  Most of the staff are teenagers but they have fun enough personalities to play and joke with all ages of children.  It absolutely makes a difference.The entry process is a little slow, especially since they are always offering deals (Groupon, Living Social, Summer Reading) so it takes them some time to process everything.  I wish this was a bit more efficient.Once you enter the facility the kids have choices of rides (an elephant ride like the Dumbo ride at Disneyland, swings that fly in a circle, electronic zebra and giraffe, and the train ride), miniature golf, laser tag (ages 5+), or the playland and slide (mix a McDonald's play place and a bounce house and you get the idea).  The playland area definitely needs to be cleaned more regularly.  They have a snack bar with, eh, food.  The french fries and onion rings are good, the pizza is okay, and the chicken is that totally overprocessed yucky stuff (if you like fast food chicken nuggets you'll like them).We go during the week so we haven't had any problems with waits or crowds.I know, by this time you are thinking, what's with the five stars when you are telling us negatives?  Well -- the sheer joy that this place brings to the kids deserves the 5 stars, the fact that it is indoor and air conditioned during our Arizona summers and the staff is great seals it despite the negatives.  My kids very much enjoy being right with me, and they didn't care if I kept up or sat down and took a rest.  They were comfortable riding the rides and talking to the staff without Mom holding their hand, which says a lot about the place.I would recommend it for ages 8 and under, although there are also a lot of arcade games.  I haven't paid much attention to those so they might be fun for older kids.
1	STAY AWAY!  I wish I would give this dump zero stars!  What a HUGE disappointment.  This place is disgusting.  It's dirty, old, half of their equipment is not working.  The employees are RUDE and seem to not want to be there.  Honestly this place should be shut down immediately.
