3	What can I say? It's friggin Taco Bell. Garbage food that is great only when nothing else is open and you are at risk of withering away to death. If you are though, going to go to Taco Bell, go to this one. The older guy that runs through the drive through is awesome. He will either repeat the order back to you so incorrectly you'd wonder if you really did say 856 tacos and a side of grilled stuft burrito. Sometimes you pull up and he hands you a soda you didn't order, and says it's because you are the 1,000,000th customer. The guy is just out there, but you know what? he breaks the fast food mold and actually gives personality to a terrible establishment.
4	Taco Bell must offer some of the cheapest calories in America. At this TB cheap calories come with great service.Rare for an American fast food restaurant, I have never experienced a single episode of bad service at this TB. Whether it's the friendly girl who upgrades my nachos (gratis) to the next size or the incredibly animated man who also works the snack counter at the AZ Center AMC, this TB's employees have one thing in common: they aim to please.The food, of course, is nothing exceptional. It's TB. It fills you up and, at this location, it has consistently filled me up without causing food poisoning. When you're talking TB, what more could you ask for?
1	Why do we stop here and eat? It's cheap, It's fast, the name is familiar? Probably one or all those reasons. But we could be so much kinder to our digestive track if we would just explore out side the box! I once went 15 years without eating at a Taco Bell. Why did I try it again? Must have been an advertisement over powered me. I can be strong again and refuse to eat this crap once again or forever.
4	I love this place , very close to the library and art museum I frequent. Clean interior and friendly staff.
5	After coming here 2-3 times a week for about 7 years - I think i have the lay of the land...I get food fast, food is good enough, always cheap, never had a problem, very well managed.I could eat bean burritos pretty much every day - and some weeks, I do.
5	Literally the nicest, most sincere, excited employees I have seen working at a fast-food establishment. Never had a problem with the food or drinks. The rest of it is an average Taco Bell, but every single time I go, even through the drive-thru for a quick drink, the employees are the nicest people ever.
