2	There are nice things in the boutique but I was unhappy to find the Michael Kors shoes for $30 less at another boutique AFTER we purchased them. I also found the owner to be very aggressive. My sister in law was trying on shoes, next thing you know the owner is on her dressing her up in an unattractive shirt and belt.. It was very awkward. She also told her husband that he should plan to take her out more so she has a place to wear the new shoes.. While I think it's true, the way it came out was curt and pushy. I won't go back..
1	I have to agree with the review above.  This store has some nice things but the owner was aggressive and rude.  She was insistent that I should try my best to find the Michael Kors shoes I wanted elsewhere but that I would fail.  I wanted these shoes as I was going on vacation for three weeks and wouldnt be able to have them delivered to me had I bought them online.  I went back to the hotel and low and behold, found these shoes online for $55 less than she had them in the store. The only pair she had was the floor model and she would not offer me a 10% discount even though I showed her where the shoes were showing wear and tear.  I went back a day later to find another girl, who was much nicer and helpful. All in all, bad service, prices were way too high for what they offered, and I would not return.
1	I payed $330. for a dress at Delano Design on August 22nd -- two months ago. The dress was supposed to be mailed to me. It never was sent. I sent several e-mails, and left several phone messages, but no one responds to either. I finally spoke to the owner on September 28th - a month ago, she promised me my dress would be put in the mail that very day. Nothing ever arrived. After waiting and emailing the store again (no answers), I called yesterday and spoke to the owner again. She promised to look into it get back to me the same day with either an email or a call. Nothing. So now I am reduced to trying to get their attention by posting on Facebook and Yelp. Wish me luck trying to get the $330 that was charged to my credit card two months ago.
1	I stumbled upon this little boutique because of the Michael Kors boots in window but I ended up not getting them because they were too tight around my calves. Elise insisted I get them after I said its was not comfortable but she just kept pushing. I saw a cute leather vest my boyfriend really loved on me. By the way never pay for anything without price tag in that store because Elise the pathological liar will price it according to how wealthy you look. She sold me the vest for $795 and thats a deal she said. my BF bought it for me but i regret having him do that now. It was on display with a dress I also like so I tried it on but was not my size. She didn't have small but made a promise that she can have it shipped to my house within 2 weeks. I have amazing intuition. I knew it wasn't going to come but went against my gut and special ordered it anyway. Well needless to say 2 month later the dress doesn't come excuses on top of excuses. Lame excuse like a stupid piece of chiffon black silk on the dress was on back order. I have never heard of such a thing a shortage of black silk chiffon please. So I believed her and said ok no worries I will wait. Well 3 weeks later and she tells me she can't get a hold of designer cause he at fashion week. Another lame lie. I knew it but I wanted the dress sent so I said ok. 7 weeks later she said I have the dress will mail to you tomorrow. A week later no dress. I called and she tells me it got sent back wrong zip code? Omg this Elise woman is insane and a pathological liar!!!  My dress was $175 Canadian. 9 weeks later I have no dress and she asked me to text her my address so no mistakes to reship. And she said she will send me tracking number. She now ignores my text and well my yelp friends...I have no dress. Thank god I paid with American Express. They are now going to handle it for me. Even though it was over 60 days time frame. They made an exception for me because I had to deal with such a horrible merchant. How does she even sleep at night ripping people off. She gets no stars.
5	Elise was amazing! I walked into the store with my 2 cousins and at first saw nothing that I felt would work for me. She is a creative genius! I left the store with 3 or 4 outfits that I would never have thought to try on my own. She encouraged me to step outside my usual comfort zone and I am soooo happy I did! I found her energy to be so positive! Fun! I will be back!
