2	At least the sheets were clean. But this place seems like it exists for the two race weeks of the year. The upholstered chair in the room had multiple stains, the top cover of the toilet was cracked and the tile in the bathroom was in bad shape.  The complementary breakfast was coffee (with creamora instead of half/half), cereal, and toaster waffles. If you like being lulled to sleep with hiway noise, you will love it. The price was low but you get what you pay for.
1	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. If you visit charlotte NC do not stay here. The rooms are dirty, the sheets were not clean, the fridge stinks when open. Nothing was wiped down. This was horrible.
1	This hotel is loud at all hours of the night which the non-smoking room smelling of smoke in the middle of the night and an owner who wouldn't give us towels and said, "do me a favor and use the dirty ones." Then only gave us two and said that's it (there are three of us.)
1	If I could give this hotel 0 stars I would. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone! It may be cheap but I would've rather stayed in one that was $10 more. There was people talking and blasting music outside of the hotel at 12 in the morning. The room was smoky during the middle of the night. Clearly, the owner needs to take some business management classes. When customers ask for towels don't say "Can you use the dirty ones?" Like, come on now.
1	We'd asked for two beds, non-smoking, nothing special. We'd reserved well ahead of time so even though it was the day after Christmas and they were operating with just a skeleton crew, they ought to have been able to handle giving us the right room. Instead we got a room with one bed, so we asked to be moved and got a room with two beds.However... The sink wouldn't drain. There was no toilet paper, and the toilet paper holder was broken. The beds had no flat sheets, and coupled with everything else going on I doubt the fitted sheets or pillowcases had been swapped for clean ones. We called front desk and most of these things were eventually fixed by the one guy actually doing work tonight (but we still made our own beds and rigged up a TP holder).After he'd left for the last time I noticed the tv remote wasn't paired with the TV in our room (although both worked individually) and that there was a well-used ashtray (again we'd asked for non-smoking), but by this time we were too tired and just wanted to sleep. It was by far the worst room we have ever paid for. We didn't find these reviews for the Ramada beforehand because of the name change, but it seems like nothing else has changed about this place.
