5	A tucked-away Stockbridge gem that has been on my list of places to try for some months and it still is! How, you may ask, can I be reviewing a restaurant I have yet to try? Well, dear reader, I went there last week for a work christmas party and had a very good time. But I remember very little of the evening. THAT's how good a time I had.A small, cosy, intimate restaurant with a Mexican theme; the staff managed to make a party of 12 seem not only welcome, but a joy to behold (I'm not sure this sentiment was shared by the other diners).The menu is classically Mexican, but the execution is a class above the bog-standard. Nachos, natch; chimichangas, burittos and enchilladas ditto, but all done (reportedly) to perfection. There are also Mexican style steaks and fish for the less conventional.There may be puddings; I can't remember. They do serve cocktails and liquers, for which I hold them entirely responsible. So, as I said at the outset, I shall return to The Blue Parrot Cantina for a more sedate and considered meal as soon as they let me back in the door.
4	The Blue Parrot is a quirky little place in Stockbridge. The chicken and cashew chimichanga I had was extremely good, packed with mountains of succulent chicken. Their soup was tasty, also. Service wasn't quite what it could have been, and their cellar-conversion toilets will divide opinion, but it's well worth a visit.Overall, we said: "I was impressed with the Blue Parrot. It served me two good dishes, in quirky surroundings...I'm not the world's biggest fan of Mexican food, not least because over the years I've eaten in some very ropey Mexican places around Edinburgh, but I'd happily head back here the next time I'm feeling the need."
4	Have we lived in Europe for so long that our standards for Mexican food have dropped, or is Blue Parrot Cantina actually a good place to eat? I think it's the latter. The menu isn't extensive, but all the staples of a quality tex-mex place are there: burritos, enchiladas, chimichangas, and more. On our most recent visit we started with the black bean soup, which was well-spiced and interesting. I continued with a vegetable chimichanga, which was every bit as good as I remember the chimichangas at our regular Mexican haunt from my stateside childhood. The melted cheese was plentiful, which is exactly how I like it. The margaritas were tasty but not quite the right consistency - too little time in the blender left them at this awkward stage that was neither frozen nor on the rocks. Service was fast and friendly, and the food was obviously all prepared fresh in the small, open kitchen. The decor is simple yet appealing, and there's a certain coziness to this low-lit basement dining room.
