2	I went on the way home to see it after reading about Bread Connection opening on lthe northwest corner of Alma School & Chandler Blvd. It's in the center corner of an L-shaped strip mall in back of Wells Fargo Bank across from Home Depot.It had a white interior with dark furniture along with an outdoor patio under a roof overhang. There is not much natural sunlight in the store due to this; however, it was clean and new looking having just opened April 26. I was in the mood for some kind of whole wheat bread or muffin but they didn't have any of that at that time. She said they do have whole wheat bread but not then. The muffin choices were banana, blueberry, poppy seed. I didn't see any prices for the items in the display case or on the menu which is posted high in the air and with condensed lettering. When I got the muffin, I was happy it wasn't 2.50 and was 1.30 because it was so small and light ... 3-4 bites and it's gone. It was about 50% smaller than a muffin at Paradise Bakery and those are not supersized, just regular. It was not that good and seemed slightly old, nor not fresh like it was just baked. The base of the muffin is small and sort of slanted inward at an angle. It's wrapped in a cone of paper so it doesn't have that muffin top. It's just small, light weight and disappointing. I wish they had bran, or used whole wheat in carrot muffin, or whole wheat in banan or zucchini muffin. But made with the weird cone wrapping, it's never going to look like a muffin.So on this first attempt it was a Meh. I may try later on after they've been open awhile. They're open 10:00 - 5:00 so I can't go there to get breakfast on the way to work ... so it may be awhile before I go back.And I hope it's not going to be a bakery from the Mid West ... where everything is made with white flour and not healthy food.
1	The fact this place is never open during the weekend is bizarre for a bakery. Also the fact that I cant even go in before 8 am weekdays is even more bizarre to me! I used to work at safeway bakery and they were workin from 11pm-7pm the next day! So the fact this place is not open before 8am or after 5 is quite bothersome so i will never be able to see if this place is even decent.
2	The picture shown is not the actual cafe. They mostly only had sandwiches. I saw very few pastries that did not look fresh. The sandwich I had was not great for the $9 I paid for it and a small bag of chips. I definitely will not be back.
1	I only give one star because they had decent meat. We went at 2 PM and they had no salads we got our sandwiches and it was all just meat bread and cheese we will never be going back to this place again!!
1	I stopped by this place so I could give a small local owned business a chance to earn my business and at 11:30 AM on Friday morning they were not serving sandwiches because their manager wasn't there. ??  I went across the street to Wendy's and they were happy to fix me lunch and take my cash. The location is terrible and I actually had to make an effort to find them in the strip mall that they are located in. You would think that they could at least be ready to serve lunch at lunchtime.
