5	awesome pizza :)
3	This place shares a building with Lucky's Lounge.  I have been here twice for lunch, and both times the place was nearly empty and I'm not sure why as the food is great, the servers were good and the cost was reasonable.Unfortunately, I cannot comment on how "Chicago-like" the food is as I'm not familiar with genuine Chicago style food.  However, I can tell you I was pleased with my spaghetti with meatballs (although, the sauce was one of the more spicy I have had) on my first visit and the minestrone soup was among the best I have had.I was in again and tried a Chicago Dog and Pizza Bread.  The dog followed the traditional way I have had them with the green relish and sports peppers - It was "good" but wow on the pizza bread!  That was awesome!  This reminds me of pizza on french loaves.I will go here again.
1	There is very little about this restaurant recalls Chicago style food save for the menu. We waited 40 min for our carryout order and received it only after a 10 minute wait once we inquired about it.  Our hot dog had all the key ingredients of a Chicago Dog, although did not come with celery salt.  The dog itself was rubbery and cold, looking like it had been found behind the frier, made when we put our order in and then left to sit while the rest of our order was made.  Our fried veggies were pretty good, although the cheese that was served with them was that cheap oil cheese that looks like Cheetos dust and vegetable oil mixed together.  My Italian Combo sandwich looked like it was going to be fantastic up until the point I bit into it and found what looked like burnt Jimmy Dean Italian sausage patties residing in said sandwich.  The hint of marinara only made it so I couldn't take the "home made sausage" off and pretend it was a plain Italian beef.  Sweet pepper were an additional dollar, though I didn't find this out till I got home and looked at the menu again.The Maxwell Street burger is just like any burger you get in Vegas but with burnt onions on it.  Ours was ordered with cheese that never made it to the burger.  The restaurant itself was empty save for one table and Quantum of Solace was playing loudly on one TV.  The prices were reasonable, nothing over $13.  If you want Chicago style food and atmosphere look elsewhere.  If you want decent any old Vegas food served in a timely manner you may want to look elsewhere as well.
4	recently stopped by for late night drinks and we were super hungry, but the bartender told us the kitchen was closed. Luckily the owner of Taste of Chicago was still around and reopened the kitchen to make us a pizza that was absolutely delicious. Definitely wasn't part of my diet regiment, but it was so worth it. To top it off a homemade cannoli that was made with love and stars from above lol..Morty was the dopest dude in the building that night!! If you are ever around that side of town stop by.
4	They get FIVE STARS for service!!!  The waiter was very friendly and I had a Yelp deal that I tried to use on my mobile and he said he needed the paper but honored it anyway (they signed up for the deal and didn't have access to reading them digitally), so I ended up e-mailing it to him.  The food is good, not my favorite but it is resonably priced and better than almost everything else that is close to my house.  I had the Stuffed Pizza twice and it is very good but not the best I've had (I lived in RI and they have AMAZING Italian food there).  The second time I got it with Italian beef and peppers ($18 + $1.5 per topping) which was good but there needed to be more dough on the bottom and crust - on half the pizza the crust was paper thin, which is a no-no for stuffed pizza!  It seemed to be all fresh and cooked well though so I did enjoy it, 3.5 stars on the stuffed pizza.I also had a polish dog ($3) as an app. before the pizza and it was good, not amazing but tasty and fresh, 3 stars on the dog.Bottom line, for this style of food and at this price - Taste of Chicago will be a place that gets my business.
2	We're always anxious to try Chicago style joints, because its the food we miss the most about Chicago. Some deliver the real deal and others are poor excuses served up by people that have never even stepped foot in Chi-town. The Taste of Chicago is located inside Lucky's. If you didn't know the kitchen was serving up Chicago style eats you'd expect this to be just another neighborhood video poker bar.Friends, also from Chicago, joined us for dinner. We were seated in the main dining floor, booths line the walls above those is old photos of the rat pack and such. Next to the main dining area there was a crooner singing old Sinatra tunes. A bit too loud, in our opinion. It was hard to carry on a conversation.We looked over the menu and decided to try a bit of all the flavors we miss from our old home. We started with sagnaki and mozzarella sticks. The sagnaki was lit tableside, our waiter fumbled a bit to put out the flames. The cheese was floating in liquid so I was expecting it to taste like pure alcohol, but it did not. The sagnaki was good, but the pita bread was a bit stale. I didn't try the mozzarella sticks, but I didn't hear any complaints. Next, our friends had minestrone which was a decent version but served too cold.The was a lull between our starters and main course. The staff was very apologetic. The owner came by a couple times. We were content and understanding. Meanwhile, the crooner came by and attempted to hustle for tips. He walked up and made some comment about how his jar was clean and eager awaited a tip. When we declined, he walked off in a huff and said  "I'm a cub fan anyway." Okay, buddy, good for you. We would've happily dropped a few bucks in his jar when we finished our meal, but to interrupt us and solicit so rudely, it was unreal. We sat in awe. Did that really just happen?Then, everything began to unravel. The staff seemed more and more overwhelmed as more diners filled the restaurant. You could hear shouting coming from the kitchen over the tunes playing in the room next to us.Our gyro, hot dog and fries were brought out, but again we received apologies for the delay on the pizza. It would be up in a few. It had all the makings of a chicago dog so it had promise, but the hot dog was so shriveled and dry it was not enticing, the bun was stale. Sad to say, but  the pickle & sport peppers were the highlight. I love athenian fries, their version called Zante  fries were ok. I prefer the feta evenly distributed and heated until melty and bubbly.      I didn't sample the gyro but my husband wasn't a fan. At first, he wondered if tzatziki had been left off because it was just a small dollop underneath the meat, but then he was left wishing it was forgotten, He said the taste was not good at all. Our friends pizza had mushrooms, onions, and half sausage and pepperoni. The crust was uber thin, similar to some styles in Chicago. The slice I tried lacked any pepperoni or sausage, yet it was very greasy. Mushrooms and onions shouldn't be greasy. The sauce was too sweet and acidic for my liking.The service was attentive and they tried with the food, but execution was flawed and getting hustled for tips just killed the experience. It was so off-putting. Over the years, Vegas has collected a good number of Chicago style joints, the competition is pretty stiff. Taste of Chicago is going to have to step up its game.
5	The spacious and casual, The Taste of Chicago Restaurant, located inside Lucky's Lounge II at the corner of Warm Springs and Jones is a wonderful treat! For those who are from Chicago will be familiar with the Chicago-style hot dogs and deep dish pizza. Or you may be inclined to enjoy favorites like Saganaki - pan-seared Greek cheese with seasonings and lemon which comes flaming to your table. The thin crust pizza is amazing as well. It tastes like Barnaby's pizza from the Chicagoland area! The Italian Beef Sandwich with Giardiniera is simply the best as well! French fries are great an remind me of Portillo's. Although there is a full-bar attached, the restaurant offers some wonderful wines including a few Greek wines! There is live entertainment 4 nights a week: Tuesday (KARAOKE - Karaoke Therapy w/ Dr. G), Thursday (Blues), Friday (Frank Sinatra impersonator) & Saturday's (Motown). Generally there are food specials on Karaoke night and other nights. You have to check with the restaurant to see about specials and any changes or additions to entertainment. They do offer delivery and have a large enough space for private functions!
3	I was super excited when I saw that this restaurant was going to open, as it's right next to where I live. I love Italian Beef & Italian sausage sandwiches. I'm down to try any Chicago style places. First time I went I got the spicy joe's sandwich, which is their version of Italian Beef with gardinier. It was served open face, and had plenty of gardinier on it. The one thing that I didn't like about it was that it was dry. I like my sandwiches dripping with the sauce. But, the flavor was good and the meat moist. The second time I got the combo, which came with italian Sausage and beef. Beef was the same as last time, but the sausage definitely wasn't what I was expecting. It was a home made patty, but I had been looking forward to a traditional sausage. They had covered in marinara sauce, which i wouldn't have minded but the marinara sauce was super salty.Service is good. The waitress was the same both times I went, and she was friendly. Although the food is only OK, it's the only place near me to get Chicago style food. So, I'll keep going back... when I'm really really really really craving my italian beefs.
2	eeeeek....ate here twice. had italian beef, disgusting,terrible  bread stale   pizza everything was good on it but sauce had funny taste to it.
5	This past San Gennaro Feast, I was on the hunt for an Italian beef sandwich. I came across The Taste Of Chicago and got one of their Italian beef sandwiches! It was so good I have been craving it ever since and had to go to their restaurant to get one. It was a drive from my house but so worth it! The man who was working (I think I heard someone call him Rich) was funny and super nice. I love the atmosphere of their restaurant and will be back! I definitely recommend a visit to this place. :)
4	I am torn between three and four stars for this place.  I went in there today and the place was empty.  I was informed they had a large to-go order and that I would have to wait a little for my food.  Since I was told up front, there was no problem with this.  In all it took around thirty minutes from the time I came in until I received my food.  During this time the waitress refilled my drink and was very friendly.Apparently the reason for slow service was one of the employees didn't show up on time.  When he finally did arrive, the owner could be heard in the back screaming at him and using profanity.  This is the only reason I would consider downgrading it to three stars.As for the food, I had the Meatball Sub lunch special which included fries and a drink.  I chose a soda, but they will also give you a domestic draft beer instead.  The sandwich was tasty and the fries were good.  I definitely will be back to try their Chicago Dog and Sliced Beef Sandwich!
5	I went back and this time we had the pizza! Thin crust with pepperoni, Italian beef and fresh garlic. Amazing! We talked to three different guys, including one who I think is the owner, and they were awesome. Again, not disappointed at all!
1	The idea of Chicago style pizza so close to my house made me happy, especially since I am originally from the Midwest. However, we never got a chance to eat there, so I can't comment on the food. But I have no intention of ever going back.We walked in about an hour before they closed. No one greeted us or was at the entrance. We figured we had to seat ourselves, so we started looking for a place to sit but couldn't find one. The place was a mess- all the tables had piles of dirty dishes.There was a band there, on break, and one of the band members saw us looking for a seat, cleared up a table for us, and went into the kitchen to let them know we had come in.We waited for 20 minutes, with no service except for the band member apologizing for the wait. When we tried to flag down a server, he rudely snapped "just wait a minute" and walked away. Then he went to 3 different tables, checked on them, and brought them things. They were all done with their meals, and were obviously staying to hear the band. I think their drink refills could have waited until we put in an order.The final straw was when he stopped at the table next to us, and I heard him answer them with a polite "yes, maam".We came in at 9 pm, and they close at 10. It's not like there were a lot of people waiting to eat; they had all finished.Avoid this place. We ended up at 3 Tomatoes where we were treated very nicely, and served great pizza.
4	I saw this place and stopped in for an Italian Beef sandwich. It was everything I hoped it to be. The giardinierre here is delicious. I get the sandwich wet which means they pour some of the jus over the sandwich. The owner was more than friendly.
