4	I'm not a big fan of the "big service" shops.  I like to find my neighborhood mechanic, or that "small shop" that gives you an honest evaluation and fair prices.  However, I had an alignment coupon for Car X, so I brought my vehicle in there for the deal.  Part of the deal is a free 30-point inspection, which I welcomed being that we're going on a big road trip in 2 days.The visit stopped at the inspection.  The guy at the counter (K.C.) brought me back to the van to meet the mechanic (Marshall) and show me a few things.  First, the tie rod end was loose and needed replacing.  And I thought, "uuuuugh, here it comes..."  But they were kind enough to SHOW me how it was loose, and tell me that's an easy job that I could do myself (having talked earlier about doing my own struts, brakes, etc.).  So wow - thanks for that!  They also pointed out the serpentine belt, which I kinda knew was overdue.  While K.C. typed up an estimate, Marshall sat down with me to talk about the vehicle (which he knows a TON about).  He gave me some good advice on the key things to do to make it last a long, long time.  Free advice - how awesome!  Additionally, he gold-starred my decisions on struts and shocks - a choice that I had fretted about, but now feel vindicated.  So tonight I get to replace my tie rod end and bring it back to them for alignment.  And, for their hospitality, I'll throw in an overdue transmission flush job.  Great job, guys!
2	Brought my car in to fix the AC and have the brake fluid flushed. When I got the car back the center console was broken. But it had taken them so long to fix the AC that I decided to just let it go. A couple months later I went elsewhere to replace my brake pads. They did a test on the brake fluid and told me that it hadn't been flushed in years. When I called car x to complain they agreed to fix the console and reimburse me for the brake fluid. But the whole thing was such a pain that I will not be going back.
5	I've been into this shop twice now. Once to solve a serious front-end vibration issue and again for an oil leak. Both times, they were professional and courteous. They did a great job explaining what was wrong (or the process to determine what was wrong) and how they'd go about fixing the issue. They also have very fair pricing and quick turnaround. They get my business well into the foreseeable future.
4	After losing my regular mechanic, I started taking my car to Car-X for oil changes and other routine things.  They mentioned to me that they are a full service shop that can do many other mechanical repairs so I tried them out on several jobs and was happy with the results and the costs. They are located about two miles from me and since I have no way to get there but by my own car, whenever I leave my car for service they give me a ride home and back again to pick my car up later in the day.  I really appreciate that service; their waiting room is not the most luxurious, but it suffices if you only have a short wait.On my most recent visit, I was trying to find out if a noise I was hearing was a serious concern.  Two technicians took the car out on the highway to help troubleshoot the problem and also did a thorough going over in the shop. They even brought me back to the shop so I could do a road test myself with one of the technicians.  The final conclusion was that the problem was a wheel bearing but that it was far from critical at that point and work on it could be postponed without being a safety issue.  When I went to write a check for all their diagnostic work, they told me "no charge".  I have been impressed over the past several years that they are customer-oriented and do not pressure anyone into having unnecessary work done.  The technicians and managers I have met there during my visits have been very personable and friendly and seem to have a good team spirit.  I would recommend that anyone give this shop a try.
