4	Lose the "dog" part of the name and you'll get 5 stars from me. I've never seen a single hot dog being cooked or eaten at this place. I live across the street and stop in for the occasional 6-pack. It's super convenient, good selection, and open till 2AM.  The guys are really nice and helpful.
4	Despite the name, this is not really a hot dog shop.I became a fan of the original Pitt's Dogg'n It in Oakland when I lived in the neighborhood...and it all started with Four Loko. Yes, as recent college graduate who had just relocated to Pittsburgh and had yet to find a job AND became trapped in my Oakland apartment for a month thanks to Snowmageddon 2010, Four Loko provided me with many, many hours of entertainment. And Pitt's Dogg'n It had the best selection of alcoholic energy drinks around, in a single serving format that didn't require committing to a case of what tastes a little bit like gasoline. Once the novelty of Four Loko wore off, and they were subsequently banned (RIP), I began to realize that PDI also had the best selection of beer within walking distance to my apartment. That and its late hours made for many an after-bar 6-pack trip for me.I have many fond memories of PDI, most of which I don't actually remember, but had recounted to me by the guys who run this place ("How was the rest of your night last night?" "Wait, I was here last night?"), and this was one of few places in Oakland that I was sad to leave behind when I decided to move. Well, imagine my delight when I found out that a new location of Pitt's Dogg'n It had opened up right around the corner from my new apartment, just before I was about to move in! It must have been fate...The guys here are super friendly, and while this may look like a shady operation (okay, maybe it is), they are actually pretty knowledgeable about beer and can give you some good recommendations if they are out of what you want. They have an even wider selection of beers here than at the old location, the best selection in Shadyside for sure. The prices are a little high but not obscene, and I find it to be worth the price for the convenience. If you live nearby, I'd definitely recommend checking it out.
2	Hugely fantastic selection of craft beer, but just horribly overpriced. All their beer is, in my opinion, about 30% - 50% more expensive than anywhere else in the city. If the prices were reasonable, I'd give 'em 5 stars.I really, REALLY wanted to like this bottle shop. But I'll be shopping elsewhere :/
1	Maybe I have an abnormally high expectation of customer service, but this place really got my blood boiling. PItt's Dogg'n It doesn't, in fact, have anything to do with hotdogs. Okay, that's fine. But if I had to force you to take five seconds out of your precious phone conversation to tell me that, then there's a serious problem. And when you didn't in fact audibly say the word "No," when I asked you, "Do you have any hot dogs," and instead mouthed the word "no," then we have an even more serious problem. I was in the store for about 15 minutes looking around. On top of that, I made a transaction. Did the guy helping me get off the phone once? No. Did he greet me, ask me to sign my receipt, tell me to have a good day, utter the tiniest of annoyance in my direction? No. In fact, when it came time to sign my receipt, he pantomimed signing with a pen all while talking loudly on the phone. If you can't even be bothered to get off the phone and greet the people who are spending money in your establishment then, frankly, you don't deserve any of my own or anyone else's money. Learn how to run a damn business or at least employ people that will show your business in a decent light.
2	This place is great if you live in Shadyside and are in desperate need of a six pack. Otherwise, steer clear. It's incredibly overpriced, and you can hope over to Market District on Center and get the same selection for a much cheaper price. I will occasionally walk over to grab a few things if I need something last minute, but otherwise, I try to avoid it.
3	This place is a convenient option when I want to pick up a 6-pack and don't want to deal with a bar. Market District's prices are way more reasonable, but everybody knows how crazy that place can get (especially on the weekends--good luck finding parking). Sometimes convenience comes with a price, I suppose.I've never really had an awful experience here like some reviewers report... yeah, the service isn't really anything great, but it is what it is. It always seems like the same girl is working there and she is generally pleasant. I don't get the impression that the employees here are beer experts, so I probably would head somewhere else if I needed recommendations or assistance.It serves its purpose in a pinch. If anything, it makes me reminisce a bit about stopping into the original Pitt's Dogg'n It in Oakland for more beer (or worse: Four Loko) in the middle of a night out during college. Oh, college....
3	Pretty good selection, they don't sell hotdogs here and make sure you check the date on some of the beer.
4	This is the spot to get specialty beers close to my place. Despite the fact that their prices are not the best and it is not the best place to get beer recommendations. Sure Market District has better prices, but I honestly have never seen a Steigl Radler in a store for about a year and that was in Texas. I do miss the ability to get beer at a grocery store, but now at least I can pick up a 6 pack after picking up my laundry. This place is spacious, which allows for a large variety of beers to be displayed. So if you are knowledgable on your beer and needs some beer ASAP and dont care about the prices, then this place is a good match for you.
5	I love this place. They have a great a variety of beers. I live very close to this place so it's a great walk too for some librations. So support this small beer shop. Great addition to Shadyside.
2	Well, they do sell beer. That's the only pro I can think of...On the other side, they are extremely overpriced, very inconsistent with their hours of operation (and don't even have any posted hours), don't have a phone number listed if you want to find out when they are open, and they are really lacking in customer service and beer knowledge. So, if you want craft beer and are willing to pay more than elsewhere, gamble on whether they are open or not, and already know beer well then this is the prime spot for you. You might as well try a hot dog while you're at it too!
2	A large selection to be sure, but this is not a good place to buy a build your own six pack: there is no discount for buying 6 at a time and the singles range from $3.50-$11.  A build your own six pack should cost between $10-$15 unless you're buying it from a bar, not $18+ for average beers.  Granted they have lots of premium singles that are reasonably priced in the $4-$8 range.  Maybe I'm just used to lower prices in Massachusetts, but $24 for a six pack of domestic craft beers seems ridiculous.  Come here for a regular six, a magnum, or a couple of premium singles, but don't get hosed on their build your own six packs.  If you're after a build your own, go to Giant Eagle Market District in Shady Side (good selection, $12.99 for a build your own) or the other Itz Doggin It in Squirrel Hill on Murray ave - they're still on the higher end at $14.99, but at least it caps out there.
