4	It's always a little dicey when you hire a plumber.  Luckily, I found Josh of Leak Doctor Plumbing to be a professional and courteous fella.  We needed the main shutoff valve replaced at our house.  Josh was able to come out next day (on a Saturday, at no extra cost) to do the work in less than an hour.  He explained exactly what he was going to do and gave us the parts/labor cost breakdown.  He replaced the valve & pipe, just what we needed.  Now no more leaking!  He's licensed, bonded, and insured and also quoted us the lowest rate amongst 4 other pros we called.  Good contractor & I'd definitely use him again to cure our plumbing woes.   ROC #244221
5	Super friendly.  No BS. No attempt to talk anyone into getting something they didn't need.  Very refreshing!   I would definitely call this company again - but there probably won't be a need to, since he fixed all of our leaking issues. Thanks!
4	I was out of town when my pipes burst and needed them fixed while I was away. Josh from Leak Doctor was able to come out when others were swamped during the 4-5 day cold spell. Communication skills were stellar always keeping me posted on what was happening, my choices in the matter and a project timeline.  Additionally they were able to fix two other minor things I needed and had put off till the pipe break. Furthermore they had a Yelp Coupon on the site which eased the pain a bit. I was very pleased with the customer service, communications, responsiveness and timeliness on completing the project. When it gets cold here in the Valley and things break getting service + parts at those times is very, very challenging. No different than your A/C going out on July 4th weekend...good luck!  However in this matter Leak Doctors were professional, courteous and timely. I would recommend and use in the future.
5	We are so very pleased with the service we received from Josh. He is polite, courteous, prompt, and didn't feel sale-sy at all. He fixed our leak quickly, and it ended up costing less than what the deductible would have been through our homeowner's insurance, so we didn't have to make a claim. I will definitely use him again (if the need should arise - but let's hope not!) and refer him to friends and family. Thanks for the excellent service, Josh!
5	Scott was legit and helped find my leak quick. Unfortunately had to cut some of my drywall out but he was honest and friendly. The price was fair for the work done. Won't hesitate to call them back if anything else comes up
