4	I have been seen by Dr. Karen Ragaini over the last several months and she has always been kind, has a good bedside manner and is very gentle in her mannerisms. I like to go to her and feel comfortable with the way that I am treated. Some of the staff is either new or are over stressed because they can be a little rushed over the phone or sometimes in person. That is the only reason for four stars and not five. But like I said, the actual OB-Gyn is awesome.
4	Doctor Ragaini delivered my son in June 2011 and I have to say, she is the main reason I'm staying with New Horizons -Ahwatukee Location. The office staff appear new, lax, rushed, too busy, sometimes confused and I'm glad I'm not the only one.
5	I am so blessed to be a patient of Dr Ragaini, She makes her patients feel so comfortable and welcomed in the most uncomfortable of situations. Everyone in the office goes above any beyond to make each visit easy and seamless, as a whole the team is really good at getting patients back on time and addressing appointments in a timely manor. I love this office!
5	I have been a patient of theirs since 2007.  I have been seen my several doctors at this practice as well as the PAs.  They are all friendly and knowledgeable.  I feel comfortable talking with any of them.  They have onsite phlebotomists to draw your blood for blood work if needed.  They also have onsite ultrasounds.  I feel like no matter the issue I'm being seen for, it is a one stop shop to get the tests needed for a diagnosis.  I delivered my son in 2008 with them at Chandler Regional Hospital.  The entire experience with them was wonderful.  They really take care of you and check on you while you are in the hospital.  I would recommend them to anyone.
1	The staff was RUDE! Going to the doctors is NO fun to begin with and then dealing with the front desk that don't show any customer service makes it that much harder. I left feeling as though I had been ripped off and threw 50 bucks out the window. I will never go back to that practice. I left the practice in tears on how I was treated.
