3	This was the first Korean restaurant I ever visited, I was a young and naive university student who thought this was the best restaurant ever. I still think its a great restaurant, however I know have eaten at other Korean restaurants only to sadly find out out that Manna is average at best. Now that you have a the back story you understand why manna holds a special place in my heart. Although their food may not be the best, it is a excellent place for poor students and cheap eaters alike to enjoy some decent Korean food.
4	Great Korean pancake. Their kimchi isn't my absolute favourite, but the kimchi chigae featured bacon instead of shredded or minced pork and the result was much more flavourful than I was used to. It's a very unassuming place in terms of decor, but you won't be disappointed.
3	I was taken here by a friend who loves Korean. I was hesitant at first, based on a competing website's dismal reviews of this place, but he insisted. By the time we got there, I was completely starving and would have eaten my leather gloves if the meeting time was any later.The first thing that strikes you is the dingy decor - full carpeting on the floors, low ceilings, and dim lighting. Cheap Korean knick-knacks are nailed to the wall. There's no music or ambience to speak of, just this shitty ethnic-hall vibe going on. We sit down, and the first rumor about this place (lousy, lazy service) is immediately dispelled. A young woman takes our orders as soon as we sit and brings us a small sampling of kimchi and some shredded sweet vegetable. Some boiled potato pieces come too, and they're a bit sweet - damn good. Then the fried beef dumplings arrive - I could have eaten 100 of them, they were delicious. Finally, teriyaki beef on one of those sizzling iron skillets. Delicious, albeit not that large of a portion. The bill was shockingly expensive ($26 a person, tip excluded) considering we shared an entree and had one meal each in what amounts to a mom and pop corner Korean resto. Although the food is excellent, you can get a similar variation down the street at any of the million Chinese places in the Concordia ghetto, at $10 a dish, and probably way more filling. Would have been 4 stars if the price was a bit cheaper.
4	Best pork bone soup in Montreal.
4	My friend and i decided to go eat at Manna to reminisce the time we went many years ago. As the owner changed we wanted to try it out. The decor was just simple but a good music was missing despite little people there. But surprisingly their food was delicious, to be honest. I had their kimchi jjigae (stew) and it came with short beef ribs on the side as a combo, and my friend ordered sizzling pork. Great meal. Who cares if there wasnt music or people around, my friend and i just had a good conversation while eating , as long as the food is good and staff friendly thats what matters to me! :) will go again!
2	You know whenever I go, this place is almost empty, I don't think it is a hot place to eat, plus their to-go is usually less than for-here. Not recommended
