4	Noticed the one in Galleria closed, so knew that it had to be in a better location, at Town Square. Since we went to neighboring Fry's, we came to a few shops like this one. There were a few customers browsing and sitting in the huge bean bag chair (6 feet) and there were three young ladies working here. We inquired about the five foot one, with the washable cover, which would run about $420 (the covers are guaranteed for three years BTW). It's uber-comfy. My husband was thinking of one for his man cave at the next house (we're thinking about it). There are so many other furniture options now, not just the bean bag chairs. So many samples on the fabrics and prints- so many possibilities. I just can't see the dogs on them, because the nails could easily puncture them! All three girls were very nice. The setup is neat- I like furniture stores because it really gives you a visual, about the different ways to set up a living room, and what not.
1	Do not shop at this LoveSac!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Waste of time and money... Ordered back in Oct and still have not received our order.  Was told several times one more week and still nothing.  Left several messages for manager and never got a call back. They are clueless and unresponsive.
5	Really cool store. We bought the Sactional which is a modular couch. The people were really helpful and down to Earth. Yes the vibe is kinda hipster-ish but the product is actually really cool. We started with 2 bases and 4 sides for a wide love seat configuration and now we've added a 3rd base for a full on sofa couch. They usually have everything in stock except for the specialty covers (special order those). Great customer service both times we've gone in to pickup our items. This is the only store in town (Vegas). They moved from the Galleria mall to Town Square down by the South end of The Strip.
5	I finally ventured in and let one of the associates explain the options and variations to me. Her name was Reagan, she picked up on my desire for a little variety right away. She showed me the different designs that different sactionals could create in my home so that over time I was able to create a "new" couch in my home without actually replacing it. I loved the idea! We bought the 5 Series with 5 sides and 5 bases. I absolutely love the patience Reagan and the other associates showed when I asked them to re-show me different setups and to clarify the material, durability (I have large dogs and kids) and warranty. The financing process was super fast and delivery only took 2 weeks. The delivery company didn't correspond with us as much as Love Sac employees did but emails ended up being sufficient with delivery dates. I even received a follow up call from Reagan, making sure my set up was complete, smooth and I didn't have any questions and to see if we were happy with our end result. The answer is yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	LOVE Lovesac.  Just ordered a Sactional in "Bidness Grey Tweed," how amazing is that name?! Justin is AWESOME - seriously, this guy rocked our world.  Ordered on a Monday and just got a shipping confirmation (Thursday) that it will be here in about a week.  Can't wait!  Make sure you talk to Justin or Jonathan - super helpful guys!
5	When I walked into the Lovesac store I fell in love with these chairs!  I wanted the Big One, but I could not fit it in my condo.  I purchased the Movie Sac and love it!  I puff it up, sit or lay in it and put my feet on my squataman and watch tv,, take a nap, eat a bowl of ice cream and just melt (no pun intended!).  It feels like a warm soft hug.  Everyone should have a Lovesac to cuddle with!Sheri
5	My boyfriend and I recently purchased a pillowsac and supersac at this Town Square location. We took advantage of the back to school sale and saved big! We're super happy with our purchases!! We fall asleep in them almost every night while watching movies. Our friends also visited this location and bought a movie lounge. They were able to order everything in store and should receive it any day. Custom cover and all! We both agree that the customer service here is superb. I'm thankful to Jonathan for answering all our questions and helping us to make the best decision! Will be back.
