5	LOVED this place!!  They are no hassle, laid back guys that made my frantic car-buying experience much less hectic!  I also really appreciated that they weren't all up in my junk when I showed up to scope out their inventory.  My favorite part, though, was how accommodating and relaxed they were about everything!  I put a deposit down on a car that I was interested in and due to being ridiculously busy with school and work, they let me take the time that I needed to get all of my ducks in a row and finalize the sale (I took over a week).  I also had asked if a few things could be done to the car before everything was finalized and I was surprised that I was never given a counter offer or a raise in the price of the vehicle or anything!  There was just NO haggling, NO sleazy business tactics, and NO pressure to buy anything that I wasn't incredibly happy with; this made me feel very comfortable.  I absolutely loved my experience here and I'm sure I will be back in the future when I am ready for a new car!
5	After having a bad experience buying a truck through another dealership,  we came in guns-a-blazing!   Very quickly we came to realize there was ZERO need to be paranoid and ready for battle.  Brad and Parker were extremely helpful,  friendly and not at all pushy.   We were given a more than fair price for a well taken care of car.  We came in knowing exactly what we wanted, how much we were willing to pay, and that's EXACTLY what we got.   The funny thing is, Brad gave us an inventory list with pricing for all available vehicles and everything was priced so fair that we ended up test driving a handful of cars that were all well within our budget.   They were all very nice.   At the end of our car shopping experience,  we left with the exact car we had been looking for and saving a little over a grand.   Thank you Brad, Parker and Carter for such a smooth transaction.   It was well worth the drive.
5	I don't ever write reviews but this place was amazing to work with. The most honest straight forward people to work with. Brad overdid himself by getting me the truck I was in need of. I will definitely be back to get my wife a car through this place. They let me test drive the car no problem and never tried to sell me. They just said here's the price and the car fax and there was no pressure. Thanks a ton guys
5	I just got a car there and it was exactly what I wanted. Brad made the experience quick and painless and I was able to get the car in my price range. He really worked with me and made the whole process a relief.
