4	Played Highland Creek last week and for the amount of play it gets, I was pleasantly surprised at the condition the course was in. Fairways were in good shape, traps were all raked and edged and the greens were pretty fast. Outside of a few dry patches on the greens and some unmowed tee boxes, I was very happy with the course. Very wooded in some areas and there are some places where a driver just won't work off the tee. Very rarely will you find wide open shots if you miss the fairway. Normally priced at $60 for a Saturday round, I found a coupon, as usual, on clickitgolf.com that had $10 off. There was a tournament /outing there late morning, so with our 8:30am tee time we were able to get out and back in less than 4 hours.
5	Nice course, beer & food specials everyday. I live in Highland Creek and it's very convenient.
1	Do not waste your time playing this course. Looks like they gave up on maintance. Horrible conditions, bunkers don't have sand, greens are bumpy. Flag stick are broken. Spend your money elsewhere !!
4	This is a wonderful course with a great layout. Not sure where the other yelpers are coming from with their reviews?The course is set up for faster play but there are some tricky holes. Fairways seem to stay in very good condition as do the greens. Perfectly priced for a great day out pegging it!
1	We played 18 holes today and was my first and probably last visit.  The course was in BAD shape, bunkers we rock hard, several had sand bags in the sand, lots of erosion, and you could walk in the bunkers, step out and they were so hard you couldn't see your footprints....they were that hard.  The greens were weed infested with goose grass, looked like someone forgot to make preemergent applications this year....greens were mowed good but very bumpy from all the weeds. (photo below).Several fairways were covered with sticks and pineneedles, and markers were almost impossible to find.  Looks like it was a nice course back in the day, but it's not being taken care of very well today.Greens:http://i31.photobucket.com/albums/c399/unionturf/IMAG0833.jpghttp://i31.photobucket.com/albums/c399/unionturf/IMAG0832.jpg
4	Great course. Play was a little slow but overall great place to play. The best course in the university/concord area.
1	This course is awful. Greens have weeds all over them. Sand traps are nonexistent, they have more weeds, leaves, and pine comes more than they do sand.On the 15th green there was a huge skid and didn't even bother to play the last 3 holes.
