4	I cant believe people hating on the Vons!1 star????  I could understand 1 star if this was like a bombed out grocery in the Gaza strip that still is selling Crystal Pepsi, but this place has got everything.  Plus, its open 24 hours.  Right there, that has to be worth at least 2 stars.Then there is a Starbucks and a full service deli that makes pretty tasty sandwiches and a fair price.  Additionally, I love how the employees just make the sandwiches as they see fit, none of this nickel and diming stuff like you see at fast food places where they count how many tomatoes or weigh the meat.  Here they just pile on ingredients and if you ask for more, they'll happily oblige.  That bumps them up to 3 stars.Then we get to my biggie....produce.  This Vons always has tasty, well stocked produce.  Im in here a lot and I see them CONSTANTLY rotating out their produce so I know its fresh.  Can I get a 4th star?  You most certainly can.....Prices are on par with all other supermarket chains but I just feel this Vons has a good staff, great selection, excellent hours and sublime produce.  So what if they ask you if you want to help a poor kid with MS or Cerebral Palsy, if you dont want to just say so.  PS - Get there early (think 6am) and their fresh baked bagels are phenomenal.
3	I stopped here to find a particular type of coffee that is getting harder to find.  No luck.  I've shopped at the store before, and I may return but it's a bit out of my way.
4	Came here after one.Quit and clean.Can't complain about prices or customer service.
4	Like this store, if I did the grocery shopping I have to admit, it would be Von's, I don't know why, I just like what I see.  Some prices seem the same as other stores, and the quality of the deserts seem above most.  I also like the fresh deli items.But since I only come in for an occasional desert for the work party, or get something for lunch that day, I don't usually buy a lot.  My husband does enjoy the deserts and we do come together from time to time to hunt for that perfect pie or cake.  They sell most by the slice, so instead of getting a big cake for just us two, we get a smaller piece and share.The store is clean and kept, the staff is friendly and courteous and its on my way to work, very convenient for me.
4	The evening shift at this Von's is staffed with engaging, friendly people who genuinely care about your shopping experience. My first several stops since moving to the area demonstrated that everyone from the register workers, to the baggers, stock clerks and even the manager (who I am now on a first name basis with), know how to earn repeat business.Never have I been so attached to a grocery store.Apples are always fresh, the deli counter people are very personable and the store is always clean. Every Von's, Albertson's and Smiths has wine, meat and bread, but this store has fun people who are eager to help and make something as mundane as grocery shopping at 1am very pleasant.I have done comment cards and competed surveys; they deserve and opportunity to win your business. If you live in the area, and you use things like toilet paper and pizza rolls, I suggest that you get them here just once and see if it is not a superior shopping experience.
2	I dont understand why the check out ladies have to be so mean.  I mean I like to use coupons and have to use them if I go to Vons since they are so expensive.  I had a couple of coupons and you would have thought I was holding up the store.  I thought they were going to come in and arrest me for backing up the line.  I well I guess I will stay out of vons
4	I just moved to Vegas like 2 days ago. This is my new supermarket. Not too fancy or high priced, feels right ecspecially when it has a starbucks.great, really great
4	Not sure why people are doggin this store, it's big and has a good variety.  Vons is basically safeway, anyway.  Yes, they ask you for your loyalty card... Like lots of other places.  If you don't have one, tell them and mention you don't want one.  Don't get all political in line of a grocery store.
1	Waited 20 min in a one lane cashier because the other cashier needed a lunch break... Better management when it's busy maybe? I'll be shopping elsewhere
4	Quick, convenient, and well stocked.  Sure it is a little more expensive than Walmart, but with lanes that are actually open and customer service persons who actually perform customer service there are certain times when I'd gladly pay 10 cents more for the same item - Wednesday morning when I ran out of Orbit Sweetmint being one of those times.
1	I only food shop at Von's and this Von's store is the closest to my house but I'm never shopping here again. Employees are rude and clientele is trashy. Homeless people out front. What a dump! I'll drive an extra 5-10 minutes and go to the Von's on South Rampart in Summerlin where its a pleasure to shop and the people are nicer.
2	This Vons, as far as Vons' go, is definitely below average. There was a horrible sewage smell emanating down from the HVAC venting as we walked in, and the overall store seems to be in a general state of decay. Further stars lost for not offering a self-check option, which I find saves me a lot of time, especially when all I'm buying are two single-serving ice cream cups. :-POur checker was pleasant, but definitely tired. Next ice cream run will probably be at Albertson's - but thanks for saving us this time!
3	I'm in this store almost on a daily basis I stop to get a bagel and a drink on my way to work. Place is nice and clean and the employees are very nice and helpful except for a couple of them. It's very organized and they seem to run a tight ship. Remember to use you Von's card otherwise they are pricey!
1	*they have a redbox hereSeriously Von's, step up your game! Ever since Walmart started selling produce and groceries, I've noticed Von's and other chains start to slack hard. The fresh produce here is not fresh, wilted, rotting, bruised and definitely on its way out. There is no one out there tending the vegetables and presenting them like they used to. Either that, or this location is just slacking. Being a 24 hour location, doesn't mean you have to turn into a dingy, dirty, and ghetto rest stop. Also, cigarettes here are $2 more than Terrible Herbst down the street. Oh and that mini casino inside is creepy. We walked in to check it out and were scared by the lady sitting inside tending the slots. She was not friendly or welcoming at all. That's a shame to see Von's not caring anymore.
4	I'm not a big fan of Von's/Safeway.  I think they are way overpriced.  Their selection is not near as good as their competitors.  However, I was driving by this location and I needed a couple of things, so I decided to stop here.  I was pleasantly surprised at how nice this location was.  For once, it is laid out well, which is a problem with Von's/Safeway.  They had good selections.  They had some decent sales.  And the staff seemed very friendly.  I live in the Henderson area, so this store is not convenient for my everyday shopping.  However, this is the kind of stores Von's/Safeway should be implementing.  If all their stores were like this, I wouldn't mind shopping there more.
5	Great lunch specials in the deli. Make sure only Mike or Shadya make your sandwich. They are the best and always more than happy to help.
5	This Is for the pharmacy only. I really love the pharmacy staff. They are all so sweet and always welcoming. Not some but all. They always greet me by name (because I am there often picking up my med and sons asthma meds). Even when I am not picking up med and just pass by for grocery they still greet me. They explain my meds very clearly and answer all my concerns. Thank you vons pharmacy for always making me feel so welcome
