3	Despite a previous review, The sis, kids and myself checked out the monkey Joes on woodlawn and were greeted by a very friendly hostess and for 4 bucks were able to bring a 2 yr old and 1 year old in.  There are about 7 inflatable "moon walks" with 5 of them having slides or having easily maneuverable climbing walls for the 2 year old.  My only complaint was we were told two different things by different employees concerning the 1 year old we brought.  While sliding down the slide with her an employee said that we had to not go down with her.  This proved problematic since she lacks the strength to pull her body up the climbing walls.  So eventually it clarified with the manager and we were able to assist her on the rides.  Overall, Great time and will go back when they visit again!  So, check it out if you have a lil one, I doubt they'd be disappointed... after all, it's more about them, than it is us!
4	Dear parents and babysitters: This is an excellent place to safely entertain your kids and burn off some of that never ending energy they seem to be full of.For $8.99 per kid they can jump, run, slide, bounce to their hearts content for as long as they please. No fee for adults. Although it looks like all fun, this is totally a great cardio workout for you and your kid... all the climbing and maneuvering is guaranteed to get your heart rate going.Kids and adults are fitted with a paper wrist band that must be checked/cut off before you leave, to ensure no stray kiddies go running out the doors, etc. Jump-houses are constantly patrolled by referees/employees to make sure everyone is playing fair and safe. I like this Monkey Joe's location especially because it has big cozy comfortable chairs to plop down in and read/watch tv while your munchkin jumps the day away.
4	Great place for the kiddos to burn off some energy.  Fairly inexpensive for up to many hours of activity.  My daughter would spend all day there if I'd let her.  The arcade is a little skimpy, so if you're expecting Chuck E Cheese arcade, well, just go there.  You go to Monkey Joe's to bounce, jump, slide, run, etc.Staff members are great.  Fairly secure environment.  Birthday parties are expensive but probably worth it - looks like they have some great packages.This particular location doesn't seem to be as crowded as others (this is a HUGE deal to me personally).  Big fans of this place.
5	I bring a 6 yr old boy here almost once a week. Staff 'referees' are super friendly and helpful and remember him! Often they give free drink refills and extra toys at the ticket trade in. I think they could clean out the kids bouncy things a little better, I've been in them once, and the chairs for the adults, and wish pizza didn't take so long to wait on, but love this place for kids. Eat before you come cause if you have to eat gluten-free there aren't many options. Kids bring socks!!
3	Bounce house dominated children's play space. Big inflated slides, animals and general obstacles. Small, but respectable sized coin arcade. Actually overall the place is kind of small, an older kid would need to be okay doing the same thing over and over. Probably best for preschoolers through oh, maybe 9 or 10 year olds?  Whenever they cease to be kids and become... ugh... tweens, they probably won't love it. There are two playspaces dedicated to under 3 year olds,  but I wonder how well policed that is during busy times. The adult's tv and leather couch area is cute too.Right now I'm a fan because of half price Wednesdays.  I can bring my toddler in for $2 and get him tuckered out for naptime. A good deal, plus there are few enough kids around for him to have a pretty safe run of the place. One security thing, and maybe it's been addressed since I've been there last, but there should be some kind of gate separating the play area from the entrance/pay area. There was a period of time where my kid kept bolting for the door and there wasn't anything to stop him.
1	If I could give a 1/2 star I would. Does anyone work here? We haven't seen MJ in person on the last 3 visits. The pirate ship has been deflated the last two weeks, maybe longer. The roof is leaking if you didn't notice and the have put out 8 buckets and trash cans all around to catch the drips. All of the slides were sticky. I got a weggie while playing with my kid. I literally stood up mid slide and walked the rest of the way down. I felt like Spider-Man. This place is Ghetto and needs new management. It's Plaza Fiesta  and Ray's Splash Planet for us from here on.
