4	This is Michael Mina's Vegas seafood restaurant.  When this place first opened, they had this great big cylindrical aquarium thingy out front filled with hundreds of little silver fish swimming in circles all Nascar-style, but when I went a couple weeks ago the aquarium was gone.  Automatic 1/2 star deduction.  The place was very nice to look at, the service was good, and the seafood (I had salmon; my friends had bass; and we shared an oyster sampler) was fresh and tasty, but I can't help getting a nagging feeling that my dollar didn't stretch very far in this place, since a 4- or 5-ounce of fish is, quite frankly, not really all that filling.  I suspect that if you went to Mina's restaurant in San Francisco you could get the same quality fish for much less money, simply because they don't have to cart it all the way into the desert.  Speaking of dessert, the desserts at this restaurant are quite good.  (And so was the *hic* glass of port I had to wash it all down...)
4	We swung by Seablue while staying in the MGM Grand and were pleased with our decision to avoid the seafood buffet at the Flamingo which tends to leave one full but trying to find one's sea legs for quite some time afterwards.  First off, the service we expereienced was excellent.  We were seated at a table that was next to a busy thoroughfare and the waiter who came up to us picked up on our grimaces and asked us if we would like to sit somewhere else; we selected a booth off to the side.  We started off with the soup sampler and the ceviche.  Both arrived wonderfully presented, the ceviche in a star shaped bowl on top of a bed of ice.  The soup sampler came in cute little cups with cute little spoons.  The only way this appetizer could've been any cuter is if Smurfs marched it out to your table.  We thoroughly enjoyed both appetizers.  For entrees, my date selected the DIY salad and I went with the grilled salmon.  The entrees arrived simultaneously, at which time they also brought us some bread (slightly grilled pita, almost like naan) with various toppings including olive oil, a curry-like paste and crumbled cheese.  Both the salad and my salmon were great (although I wouldn't recommend the salad as an entree if you are really hungry).  We skipped dessert.Throughout the dinner the waitstaff was extremely attentive, filling our water and wine glasses and checking in from time-to-time.  I'm one of those people who feels embarrassed if someone waits on me *too* much, but I felt like this was a good balance between excellent service and being OCD.  The restaurant itself is a nice setting; it's dimly lit without being dark.  The music is noticeable but not overwhelming so you can still hear your company across the table.  They have those cascading waterfall walls that only look good in restaurants.  My only gripe is that I feel the restaurant is overpriced, especially the wine (hence the 4 stars).  However, the food and service are great so  I would still recommend it if you are in a nice-dinner-and-willing-to-pay-a-little-extra-tonight kind of mood.
2	Overpriced.We were there for appetizers and salads and drinks but wow, your dollar definitely will not stretch far here.  I guess the way I see it, if I am going to spend $$$$$ at a high end restaurant in Vegas, I want to be wowed.  Especially if you carry the Michael Mina name and such.  I rather spend my money in Nobu or Bouchon any day over this!
4	Read 3.5 stars.  The food was good, service was good, and of course, overpriced, like all Las Vegas fare.  I realized that I am just not much of a Michael Mina fan, and yes, by fan, I am making the presumptious assumption that I am a connossieur of fine dining and good eats.  Michael Mina... OVERRATED.  Give me fresh seafood and I'll cook you a good meal.  Just cuz the portions get smaller and make me pay 3x does not a meal make.  I was not a fan of Michael Minas in SF, Aqua was good (when my expense report at my company paid for it), but overall, I've become a value eater.  I don't need fancy, just good.  I have to say though, the caesar salad and pork chops were very good, and by very good, I mean, I had not eaten for 24 hours because it would take away from my time wooing the casino dealer to stop giving me 15s.I just read my review.  Is Seablue good, is it bad?  I guess it was good.  I would go back, and the dealer and I are going to elope and make poor, ugly children with bad vices.  Don't tell my mom.
4	This seafood restaurant is part of the Michael Mina empire, which includes Michael Mina, Nobhill, and the newly opened StripSteak. Seablue is an informal place, with a glazed brick floor, lots of wood, and lively music.  Paper placemats serve in lieu of table cloths.  The overall lighting level is low, but spots on the tables provide plenty of light.  There's a fair amount of noise, but it's not overwhelming.  Service is pleasant and fast paced, but not rushed.The bread of the evening was nan.  This fried Indian offering was served with three dips:  olive oil; eggplant spread; crumbled feta.  The eggplant spread was especially good.Seablue offers a number of appetizers.  If you have trouble deciding, they offer several tastings consisting of small portions of three different appetizers.  I chose a marinated trio:  scallop ceviche, grilled octopus, and shrimp.  All were good, but the octopus was the star.  A piece of a tentacle, slightly spicy, firm but not chewy, with a decidedly smoky flavor; worth ordering on its own.My entree was Loup de Mer, a fish from the Mediterranean.  Grilled, it was moist, somewhat firm, and mild flavored.  A good amount of lemon juice enhanced its flavor.  The fish was served skin on, but filleted; a nice touch.  It was served with mashed potatoes strongly flavored with olive oil, plus asparagus and mushrooms.  I thought it was very good, but some people might be turned off by the strong olive oil flavor of the potatoes.Dessert was Pistachio Frangipane with Roasted Pineapple and Coconut Sorbet.  Wow!  I'm not sure how to describe it: kind of like a flat corn meal cake, loaded with chopped nuts and drenched in butter.  The coconut sorbet was intensely flavored and very rich.  If you like rich desserts, this is the one to get.  If you don't like fat, stay away.My overall impression? Other than the Pistachio Frangipane dessert, nothing about this place knocked my socks off.  However, everything was good, and had character.  I liked the strong flavors, and thoroughly enjoyed my meal.  Recommended to all.Three course dinners run about $70, plus drinks, tax and tip.
5	*Photos shotAs far as Vegas celebrity chefs' restaurants go, your dollar does go far at Seablue. Among the three of us, we had soup tasting trio, fried and crusted appetizer trio, 3 entrees, bottled water (the best to date), glass of Dr. Loosen Mosel Riesling and 2 iced teas, the bill came up to about $200. I'm generally hard to please when it comes to service, but the staff at Seablue can be described as impeccable. They swooped in just in time to replace your drinks, and the sturdy way they gently placed your glasses and plates down is enough to make you feel like royalty. I know I'm being picky, but I did say I am VERY particular where service is concerned.The complimentary pita and dips were heavenly. The slightly buttery pita is an appetizer in itself. Of the 3 dips, the feta with yogurt had us clamoring for more.I highly recommend the tasting trios in the appetizers. The portions were not measley and made fantastic amuse-bouche to what's to come. I was expecting shot glasses of the soups. Instead, they arrived in full bowls. And each of us have our favorite. The overwhelming favorite had to be the white corn with grilled scallop and truffle. The roasted garlic and spinach with Maine lobster and cumin oil tasted really organic and healthy. I am about the only fan of it at the table.I had the Tagine meal of Bacon-wrapped Chilean Sea Bass in Toasted Garlic Jus, Cannellini Beans, Manila Clams. OMG. What freshness. The best bit of surprise was in the toasted garlic. 3 teeny ones enough for each of us at the table. It simply melts in one's mouth. The sil had the Ahi Tuna rare. And what a great call that was. Bright pink in the middle, the tuna betrays the fresh catch the restaurant brags about. The husband has the Kurobuta Pork Chop, which was wonderfully seared. The olive-oil mashed potatoes and broccolini sides were done to perfection, too. We also had the best sparkling water ever, and the sweetest, smoothest Riesling.I'd be remissed if I don't mention they did sweetened tea right at Seablue. Having lived in the South for a while, we never could find decent sweet tea outside the South. But Seablue brought out a tiny bottle of sugar syrup for us to sweeten our tea. THAT is the way to handle sweet tea. Not your sugar packets that never seem to dissolve.We wish we had room for dessert. But the chef kindly gave us 3 samples of dessert to take with us - meringue, some nutty concoction, and a macaroon. THAT, my yelpers, is service at its prime.
3	Okay, Michael Mina is no longer SF's best kept secret and five restaurants later I'm beginning to wonder how great he is.  Covering seafood, he benefits from great fish which prepared well is savory with a good wine and great atmosphere.  That being said, I wish I had picked his clay pots as I expected more from his dishes.The decor is sleek, hip, and perfect.  Open and expansive, filled with soft colors resembling the ocean blue, like Arcadia it looks like a restaurant lounge I'd love to put my name on.Kumamoto and kussi oysters are wonderful, the Mediterranean sea bass is good, the steaks are perfect, and the tuna is stellar.  But it lacks identity maybe ?  Without his name would I have noticed Seablue as a fine dining wonder, probably not.  Like Arcadia it fits the fine dining bill but doesn't exceed, maybe testament to a fast rising expansion of restaurants that didn't provide enough time for creativity to show, I expect Mina's menus should give a little more.
4	Chef Mina made up for a rotten experience at Arcadia with our meal at Seablue.  Remember that this is one of the more casual of the Mina empire, even though the service and presentation are as impeccable as in any of his restaurants.  The open kitchen is fun to watch, and the large mirrors near the ceiling reflecting the red lamps give the interior an even more spacious feeling.We didn't want to fill up on soup, and we didn't want to feel unsatisfied with small portions of the crudo tasting trio.  So, we ordered full portions of all the crudo selections!  The yellowtail with shiitake mushrooms, beet and ponzu was awesome (tuna and salmon were the focal point of the other two).  We also ordered a plate of my favorite oyster, Kumamoto, and managed to clean off our entrees (steak and lobster for the gent, seared tuna for the lady).  Both came with very rich and heavy mashed potatoes and grilled broccoli rabe.  The lobster was very fresh, sweet and tender.  There was no room for dessert, but I needed to warm up with several cups of hot chamomile tea and honey.I think the bill came out to around $300 including tip, bottled water, and several Stella Artois'.  To pay this much and leave unhappy with the meal is a crime.  Luckily, Seablue put MM back on my good side.
5	My first Michael Mina.After learning that we would have to wait almost 2 hours for craftsteak, my friends and I decided to eat at Michael Mina's Seablue.  I am so glad we did!  It was, quite possibly, one of the best dining experiences of my life.The four of us started with an oyster each.  Two of us had Kumamotos and the other two had Raspberry Points.  They were so fresh and delicious!  It was a great beginning for what the rest of the meal would taste like.  The "bread" for the table was actually naan.  It came with a trio of dips - hummus, roasted eggplant, and a creamy cheese.  Our two appetizers were tasting trios.  The steamed trio came with mussles, clams and prawns.  The raw trio came with yellowtail, salmon and tuna.  OMG!  It was so so so good!  We used the naan to sop up the juices produced from our steamed trio.  We ate so much of it that we even asked for more naan, which they brought out with more dip.  Seriously, we knew we were going to hurt from all that food, yet somehow, we couldn't stop ourselves.By the time our entrees came out, we were stuffed.  Still, we knew the culinary experience was not one to be passed up so we ate on.  We ordered the Seablue "paella" (it was a tad salty on the bottom), the scallops, and the 16 oz bone-in NY steak.  The food was excellent!  As much as we wanted to finish everything on the table (hey, we knew it was costing a pretty penny), we couldn't stuff our over-stuffed selves.  So, it broke my heart but we left some food on the table because we wanted dessert.  Damn those people who sat next to us, because we probably wouldn't have ordered more food were it not for us seeing their lovely order of desserts.  Being troopers, we rallied each other and ordered what they had - the white chocolate napoleon and the molten chocolate cake.  I've never been a big fan of napoleons but that was the best dessert I've had in a really long time - and I'm a fan of desserts!Our waiter, bless him, never judged our need to overindulge.  He was professional and efficient and the service was 4 star.  As sometimes happens with fancy places, I am so glad that bad service is not something this place has to worry about.This was the best meal I have had this year.Yay (fellow Marin resident) Michael Mina!!
4	Seablue is very very cool from the moment your seated you feel looked after. They give you these flatbread and dips when your seated. I had the seafood on ice to start which they give you a mini menu and pencil which you tick off what you want, which was 1/2 lobster, 4 MASSIVE gulf shrimp and a couple of oysters. My boyfriend had the fried and crusted trio which he loved. our mains were just as good especially the tangine.. excellent service and great cocktails.x
4	Hubby and I wanted one really GOOD meal in Vegas when we were there.  We also wanted a place we could walk to and since we stayed at the Signature, we first looked at all the MGM restaurants.  I suggested CraftSteak.  Even though I have a crush on Tom Collechio, I don't think that justifies $120 per person for dinner.  We liked the varied menu at Seablue more so we made a reservation.I have to say, from the moment we walked in, the service was impeccable.  I don't know if that's a Michael Mina thing or an MGM thing but it is duly noted.  The decor and ambiance of Seablue really impressed us as well.  We sat against a beautiful aqua wall that was a fountain and it was quite serene and relaxing.  The dining room also wasn't too loud, which was impressive.So they start you off with "bread."  As noted in several reviews, this is delicious flatbread with three types of dips (hummus, egg plant, and feta spread).  Delicious...I didn't need an appetizer.  Also, they have a build your  own salad option, which I exercised (baby lettuce, beets, fresh bufala mozz, cherry tomatoes.  YUM!  Neither hubby or I are big fans of oysters so I can't tell you if they were good but they had many types to choose from.We moved on to our own version of surf and turf.  I got the filet and hubby got the two pounds of king crab legs and we split them between the two of us...see?  We made our own surf and turf, isn't that great?  We're so smart.  We both had two glass of wine as well and the bill was $170 so not too terrible but definitely a splurge.  I recommend Seablue for a lovely dining experience.  The food is very good, the service is amazing and it's away from the ding ding ding of the slot machines.
5	I absolutely love this place...If you are a lover of seafood, this is the restaurant to hit up...Ambiance is very chic and the food so very delightful...I'd go here over any buffets in Vegas...
4	One of those places where you wish you could order everything or go back every night for a week! The "Create your own salad" where you can choose 10 items from a yummy list is right up my alley, but I'd already had salad for lunch and was ready for some grubbin fresh fish. (They have as many crawling options as they do swimmers, FYI.)The menu changes according to what's uber fresh, but this is what we had:*Michael Mina-signature trio of steamed mussels and the soup trio--these are something between small plates and entree-sized plates, let's call them Goldilocks servings. They were juuuust right. *delicious Arctic Char, less fishy than salmon, but just as flavorful. *being kind of a picky eater who has to swap out the super starchy sides almost everywhere I go, I was delighted that the sides here for the wood burning grill entrees were chickpea and lentil rice and seasonal vegetables.* I was so in love with my dish I hardly had room to taste Will T.'s, but his bacon-wrapped Chilean sea bass in toasted garlic jus, cannellini beans, and manila clams was downright dreamy. After three glutenous days in Vegas, I couldn't fathom dessert, but the chocolate creme brule and chocolate molten cake looked worth going back for. The service was what you would expect of a Michael Mina restaurant--the servers are all friendly yet professional and have extensive culinary knowledge. When our main server didn't know about the particular wines we were asking about, she went and got a sommalier recommendation that was perfect.  The value:quality ratio was actually very good (for Vegas), about $100/person including a bottle of wine and dessert wine.
5	Five star all the way, this is in my top dining experiences ever. Our waitress was so sweet and accommodating, they really treat you well here. We had oysters and 'make your own salads' to start, which was both fun and delicious. Then we ordered our entre I ordered the pound of Alaskan King Crab and my boyfriend ordered the Kobe beef tenderloin. Everything was superb, I thought I had died and gone to heaven. It was the most succulent crab and mounds of mounds of it over garlic mashed potatoes. It was to die for. My boyfriends was also extremely delicious, but both of us couldn't finish so we had to take a doggy bag! I was stunned about how much food they gave us. The server was so nice she gave us two white wine glasses for our left over wine, who does that! The decor was also stunning, we sat right next to a wall that was a fountain and it was so romantic. Total luxurious sensory food experience. Cannot wait to come back.
5	The food here was so fresh and scrumptious! I love seafood, so this was the perfect place for me! Five of my friends and me decided to eat here, since it was comped. We heard there was a seafood "special" that night for an appetizer, but we were not aware of the price and the fact that it was sort of  "per head". The seafood platter was the best thing I ate that night: manila clams, lobster tails, JUMBO shrimp, and huge CRAB legs! YUM! It ended up being about $250 for it, but it was soooo fresh!The bread (sort of like pita) was great, and it included different dips like hummus and cheese. For my main entree I ordered the sea bass wrapped in bacon! It was sooo good! You're looking at about $50+ for an entree, btw. The ambiance itself was fabulous! I loved the walls with those waterfalls!If you're ever in MGM and craving for seafood, you have to try Michael Mina's restaurant Sea BLUE!
5	I thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant! Before they start dinner after they took your orders they ask you if you have a show to catch to make sure all the food comes out in time.For appetizers we had oysters, escargo and some seafood. ALL was excellent and fresh.  The pita bread they have is great to snack on too!For my main dish I had the Kobe steak.  I've got to say this steak is on my top 2 steak places to go. I am DREAMING of the juiciness of the beef still...i was very sad for dinenr to end.. I definitely reccomend this place to anyone!
4	The word jumbo takes on a whole new meaning at Seablue.  The jumbo prawns are massive and served cold over shaved ice and sprinkled with just a small amount of spice.  I came back a few days after my first visit and ordered a dozen for my main course.  The waiter, though pleasant, was quite confused by my actions but oh well - I was pleased.  The salmon was lacking a bit but the scallops were delicious and the grilled flavour didn't overpower them.  I remember the fish being served atop spinach that was flavoured only slightly with garlic and something else, but I can't remember what the something else was, though the spinach was fantastic.  My first waiter was a bit annoyed we didn't order dessert and he wasn't really the nicest guy, kind of hurried us.  The second waiter I had no qualms with.  Seablue is a bit pricey, but it is certainly reflected in the quality and preparation of the food.  Oh, almost forgot to mention the stunning decor.  The whole back wall of the restaurant is a thin waterfall over blue marble - awesome.
4	Best meal I had in Vegas, easily.  I was barely even peckish when we went and I still managed to eat every last bite that was set in front of me.  We showed up at about 10:02pm after a three hour long cocktail reception (Who was two martinis and two glasses of red wine deep?  Not me!...oh, um, except actually me.) and despite the fact that they technically closed at 10 they were happy to seat us, bringing over a basket of soft delicious pita and hummus, baba ghannouj, and feta spread for dipping almost immediately.  I housed the bread - because if there's one thing I'm good at, it's pushing through and eating copious amounts of food while not even hungry - as we perused the menu.My coworkers were seduced by the create-your-own-salad concept, but I'm one who doesn't like to be given too much wiggle room in a fine dining experience.  You're the celebrity chef, you tell me what's going in my appetizer.  As such, I went with the tandoori octopus, and it was as exotically delicious as I could have asked for.  For my entree, I went with the paella tagine, hoping that the spawn of two of my favorite types of dishes would be just as tasty as both of its parents.  It was, although it was not exactly what I was expecting.  It was very light on the rice and very soupy, and so far as I could tell the only thing it had in common with a tagine was that it was served in one.  It was more like a bouillabaisse got knocked up by a paella, in my estimation.  Nonetheless, it was really, really good.  One more martini and I might have licked the tagine.We didn't have room for dessert, not surprisingly - hell, I didn't really have room for dinner - so I can't speak to that, but I'd be willing to extrapolate that it would be good.  Only caveat is it's really, really expensive.  I'm happy to pay a lot for a good meal, particularly when it's a total dining experience, but had I been paying and not the company, I'm not sure I'd have thought it was worth it.
5	This is a Michael Mina restaurant and some dishes bear a resemblance to his style (like the tasting of an appetizer three different ways). First, this place has a very casual and cool ambiance that doesn't really match the great food. But I guess that makes it even cooler because you don't have to dress stiffly.They have an amazing build-your-own-salad menu with awesome selections like burrata cheese for example. My friends loved it. I had some awesome king crab from the raw bar and two friends loved their meat entrees (kobe and regular steak). I would definitely return.
3	This was the most expensive dining experience my bf and I had for the week we were in Vegas.  We didn't plan on Seablue to be our indulgence =TI loved their pita bread and the 3 different spreads.  My favorite spread would have to be the brownish one.We started off with the raw trio appetizer.  The yellowtail in that was fantastic.  The flavor and the soft suppleness of the yellowtail was amazing.  The other 2 were just okay, they didn't really stand out.  One had a really interesting crunchy texture but my bf didn't like that and the smoked salmon was just smoked salmon.As an entree, my bf got the diver scallops that came with rice and veggies.  He loved those scallops but was very sad that there were only 4 of them.  He said they were perfectly cooked (a couple of seconds less would've left the middle raw) and had no fishy taste to them.  I tried some, it felt a lil firmer than mochi...?  I can't really say any more than that because I don't like scallops =PI wanted to try the monkfish but they were out =(((  And I didn't really recognize the names of the other fish so I proceeded to ask our waitress to describe them for me.  I settled on a fish that was a cross between salmon and something else.  It came out a little more done than I'd like.  They probably cooked mine first and set it under a heat lamp while they made the scallops ... sadness =(So all of that came out to about 180ish including tip.If I do find myself here again, I might order what the other table had, some clams.  That looked good.  And if it was comped, I'll order a bunch of those $4 oysters ;P
3	Meh... pricey and just OK.
3	We had a lame experience.  The server was rather rude and inattentive in a half empty restaurant.  We don't ask for much when we dine out just remember to take our order and check back when we get our food.  Hopefully that server has moved on.  More importantly, the food was a little underwhelming.  I don't know, maybe this joint was a little built up for me and the wife.  Overall, a pretty standard seafood restaurant.  I don't think it's worth the price.
4	The dinner my friends and I had was very tasty. Our waitress was like Ulgy Betty.  Braces and all. She gave great service but did not give us the petite fours like the other tables, so I am docking a star for that. Other than that the food was good, and what to expect from a Micheal Mina restaurant.
4	This being my second Mina experience, I was a little more pleased with this meal compared to at the Bellagio. Sure, the food isnt as sophisticated, but it's also near a quarter of the price. Better value sure has an impact on the enjoyment of my meal. Service wasn't very good but the food was better than expected. The decor from the outside wasnt the most attractive compared to some of the restaraunts preceeding it in the MGM, but it was comfy inside and not as distracting as i thought it might have been.  Some really good naan bread came out with some hummus, honey butter, and some other spread i can't remember. Shared the stuffed piquillo peppers. Basically a crabcake in a piquillo pepper. I had the paella tagine which was a very hearty mix of seafood, sausage, and quail. Very tasty.
4	Went here as soon as we got off the plane and checked in.  Started off with a bottle of red to go with the free flatbread and hummus.  Tried all three appetizers trios - great lobster corndogs btw.  Main course was the Alaskan Halibut which was on par with what I've had at other seafood places.  You can add on half orders of Maine lobster or Alaskan crab legs - which is exactly what we did.  Plus one star for being able to see the wood-burning grill from pretty much anywhere in the restaurant.  I guess the manager was doing his rounds and stopped by to see how things were.  He invited us to come back sometime - maybe when I can afford to.
5	I went to this place with my boyfriend and his parents last month to get a small dinner right before we went to Frozen Fury. I must say, this place is absolutely AMAZING!!! We sat at the bar and the bartender was extremely courteous and friendly. They start you off with warm and fluffy pita bread with hummus and a goat cheese dip on the side. SOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOD! I could eat that everyday. Then my boyfriend and I shared the seabass wrapped in bacon and it practically melted in my mouth.  UNBELIEVABLE!!! The bacon definitely complimented it very well. I want to go to Vegas soon JUST so I can go to Seablue again. I can't wait for my next trip out there=)
5	I..LOVE...this place!!My favorite restaurant in MGM...well...probably until I try Joel Robuchon...Always gotta start off with the jumbo seafood appetizer! (pictured) FRESH-all I have to sayLOVE their warm and soft and perfectly spiced flat bread with seasonal hummus!! =]i've got to remember to let the person sitting next to me stop me before i stuff myself with these pieces of heaven before the next 10 dishes arrive!!tomato bisque soup was rich and flavorful, thanksgiving lobster bisque soup was too creamy for my tasteTheir mashed potatoes are rich and creamy and addicting...sauteed mushrooms used to be better...roasted asparagus with (never woulda thunka this one) grapefruit is delightful...rice with some sort of beans in it goes wonderfully with the entrees...that's usually all we order for sidesthe kobe beef is always tender and juicy with a good toasty crisp on the rim...you will never go wrong with fish here, from grilled to poached to fried-it's all delishuz!and now...dessert.... =D my favorite part!cheesecake sampler is always AMAZING...the different flavors are always decadent...we usually get different dessert samplings arranged by the waiters every time and they're always all very good
3	2 couples wandering around the MGM. 1 couple get into an argument and leave.1 couple decides to find a place to eat.Seablue was open. No reservation necessary. 8pm. DEAD.We're seated. Waiter is friendly. Service is great.I had the trio of soups. I liked the Thai soup the best.The other half had a create your own salad. Disappointing.He's not entirely great at creating anything so we won't hold this against Seablue. A mistake on my counterpart.Appetizer - Fried Appetizer trioThe lobster conrndogs were like a corndog and a lobster. Not impressed. I would've enjoyed Hot dog on a stick much more. The shrimp tasted like typical shrimp tempura, again not impressed. Crab stuffed peppers I did enjoy but they weren't over the top. For my entree, I had some type of sturgeon fish. It was grilled no charrred, burnt, overcooked. I didn't like it. I didn't touch it. They didn't take it off my bill. I wasn't happy about that.The other half had the steak and crab legs. He raved and raved about it. But this is my review not his. Someone tell him to  open his own Yelp account. This review might have gone a bit differently.To summarize this Ok review for this Ok restaurant. I will not be returning to Seablue nor will I be recommending it to anyone in the future. I am a huge fan of Michael Mina. I use to date this whale who would play in the Bellagio and we'd get comped meals at Aqua now Michael Mina. Not to be a Michael Mina snob but I'd eat at his restaurant maybe 2-3 times a week. So I'm use to his food being STELLAR.He also has another restaurant in the MGM which I haven't tried but I'm willing to try next month when I return to Vegas.  Save your money, try one of his other restaurants, like his signature one in the Bellagio. Lobster pot pie, Ahi medallions with foie gras and the ahi tartare with the quail egg, sesame oit and pine nuts, you'll be in heaven unlike Seablue where I was stuck in purgatory.1 couple has a mediocre meal.1 couple makes up and wins 10 G's playing blackjack.WTF? I wish I had gotten in a fight.
4	So it's Sunday night, after CES 2009, and everything on the strip looks pretty dead.  My friends Duke and Tamae just arrived from LA for another conference, and the friends still around from CES and I decide to all go together to find something to eat.  Since we hadn't gone towards MGM, Luxor, Mandalay Bay area on this trip, we decided to venture forth to the MGM Studio Walk to find a nice restaurant to dine at.  We had our minds on Craft Steak, but when we got there at 9 pm, since it was so dead everywhere, they told us that they were just closing the kitchen.  Kudos to the manager over there who came out personally to explain to us the situation and to tell us that he was very sorry about it all, and gave us a few suggestions nearby to try instead.After walking around a bit, we decided to give Sea Blue a try because of the Prix Fixe menu they had advertised outside.  It was also a Michael Mina restaurant, so that helped with the decision process as well.They were hurting pretty bad too, but at least they hadn't shut down the kitchen yet, so we were good to go.  The waitress was very accommodating and helpful, and we all decided to go with the prix fixe menu.  For the first course, I chose the make-your-own-salad, in which you got to pick 10 different things and they'd make the salad for you.  For the 3 of us who did that, we had some pretty wild salads, but overall, it was very nicely made.  The other 2 had this sashimi plate that also looked really good.  I would have opted for that, but being that I didn't have my roughage on this trip, I figured that I needed to get some in me.For the main course, 3 of us went with the Kansas steak.  Yes, it is a bit odd for us to order that being that this is a seafood restaurant, but we set forth with steak on our minds, and this place served it, so we ordered it.  One friend got the grilled Arctic char (fish), and another went with the paella.  I got to sample a little of everything, and they were all excellent.  I was really surprised how well the steak came out.Dessert was this layered mousse cake with malted ice cream that was really rich and I really felt guilty finishing mine... :)All of us also went with the wine pairings for the food.  Being that I am not a really sophisticated wine drinker, I guess it was not a bad choice, but the wine that accompanied my steak wasn't really something that I liked.Overall, the ambiance, the staff, and most importantly, the food, were all excellent.  I am sure that it would have been a livelier experience had there been more people than just another table in the other room.
4	It was a great dinner and the overall experience was great. The service was on par for the price of the food . The server asked if we had been there before and we had so he brought us an app from the chef on the house. I had a Chilean sea bass wrapped in bacon and it was amazing. My wife loves ordering the salad as she gets to choose from a long list of wonderful items to make her own creation. Sea Blue meets its expectations on all levels. Overall a great restaurant!
4	Geez - I've been here 4-5 times over the years yet i haven't bored anyone with a review ?!?! Thanks to Philip, i tried their "buy 1 get 1 free " promo for locals. the key is, this applies only to the entree and not the rest of the meal ( drinks, apps, dessert, etc ) when i saw this promo it reminded me of The Soprano's episode when Artie had to advertise the "two-fers" to bring in new biz. IT was a buddies b-day so i treated for dinner. probably not the smartest thing since he's a big martini drinker - he powered down 3 before the meal - he is a good friend but i'm here for the two-fer, i'm a frugal bastard ! he had the rib-eye, i went with the bacon -wrapped chilean sea bass tagine. we started with the make-your-own salad - i still love that option - a laundry list of ingredients, you pick up to 10 - the key for me, the shaved slices of the Reggiano and the citrus cashews - love both; the  salad/greens - who cares about the salad ! also did the fried app trio - i still don't like the lobster corndogs -  at least the mustard has changed - it's not the overpowering grain mustard but more of an aioli with grain mustard, but the lobster is still overwhelmed by the sauce and the corn coating. The bass - great, loved that the bacon blended well with the included beans and greens sitting below the bass. The steak - properly cooked, had a nice chimichurri styled sauce on top - tasty. I was pleasantly surprised by Sea Blue - my last few visits were a little shaky - not sure if they have a new chef, new attitude, all i know is they've improved. i think the locals are better off getting the winter tasting menu instead of the two-fer but that's only if they like the offerings in the winter menu. Happy Eating !
4	Was in Vegas and waited 'til the last minute to get dinner reservations.  I took a good friend out, who was down on her luck and out of a job.  So we chose Seablue.  I was up in Poker and felt like a great meal, and I know from previous experience that Seablue is a "can't miss" destination.We were there on-time and sat at the bar to have a cocktail while they got our table ready.  They seated us and we reviewed the menu.  I chose a caesar salad to start.  My friend got the Tuscan White Bean Soup with Bacon and Shrimp.  Her soup was better than my salad.Some naan arrived with the starters.  It comes with three spreads - spicy hummus and two others that I didn't taste.  No reason to stray from the outstanding hummus.  The naan was fresh and piping hot.I ordered the steak.  She got the bacon-wrapped seabass in white beans with clams.  Both were cooked to perfection and outstanding.  I ordered the steak medium.  I wish I knew how I could get a steak cooked that perfectly at home.Price worked out to $100 per person with another cocktail each.  The wine's are kind of pricey, but very nice.We passed on dessert since we were both stuffed.
5	Really excellent menu with savory food.  Waitstaff contributed greatly to the quality of the experience.  Very accomodating.  Asked if we were going to a show later so she could make sure we would be done in time.  Excellent!
5	I am in love with my city by the bay. Bite by bite it has made me fall, but I must say, my trip to Vegas this weekend caught me looking.In a city which glows like the top of a sprinkle covered cupcake, we indulged in some fantastic dinners, one of them being here, at Michael Mina's SeaBlue.Reservations for 12 were honored and we had a remarkable table adorned with the class and modern edge that came ripped out of a glossy magazine.*****A first for me, was that the bread or pita slices came made to order. Never a day old, it's made the second you sit down and when it comes out, the light dusting of pesto on it's warm crisp flakes can easily draw you into a mouth watering slumber. To top it off, it comes with 3 amazing dipping sauces; a spicy hummus, a decadent feta cheese garnish, or a hot moroccan red sauce.Yes, they were all incredible and I could have left that moment and been in pure bliss.*****I began my meal with a clever starter, lobster corndogs, and they were as incredible to down as the insanity of these 2 parts melding together.With a side of whole grained mustard which gave the corndogs a sensational bite, I felt my carnival expectations just go sky high...To top it off, I dived into a whimsical entree of DayBoat Scallops on a bed of jumbo asparagus, citrus relish and lentil rice. The combination of flavors were immaculate, and the portions were just enough to allow your stomach to breath in the joy of an unforgettable meal.OH... and the best part? I didn't "win" when we decided to play credit card roulette...Thanks AK, I'm sure it'll come around to you soon!
5	Seriously impressed with the bread and the dippings!  I loved the spicy hummus and the feta cheese.  That in itself was so "OMG good" that I could have just eaten that for dinner..But, I also had the kobe beef for my entree.  The beef was perfectly cooked medium, and I savored every bite!  It practically melts in your mouth..  The beef was paired with the creamiest mash potato and asparagus which added a nice crunch to the dish.This was my first experience at a Michael Mina restaurant and I assure you it won't be my last.  Everything looked and tasted wonderful.  I had a huge smile during my whole dinner!
5	My friend and I were looking for a nice meal to start out our whole dinner and a show night and this place fit the bill.The blue glasses and water wall make this place have a cool but comfortable feeling. We were immediately checked on by our server after being seated. I'm happy to say that our service the rest of the night was just as good!My friend and I started out with the salad. You are given a sheet of paper and a pencil to pick 10 items (lettuce, toppings, dressings, etc) for $14. We went with the basic toppings and the creamy cucumber and dill dressing. The perfect amount of dressing was mixed in with the salad and the salad size was just the right size starter.The bread was fantastic! Warm and yummy. There is a whipped feta, spicy hummus, and some eggplant dip that went perfectly.For dinner I had the Big Eye Tuna. The tuna was cooked just the way I asked and was paired with crunchy asparagus, potatoes, and marinated mushrooms. I was expecting the servings to be on the smaller size, but this place surprised with a nice amount!My friend had the Paella, complete with shellfish, sausage, rabbit and quail. It was a huge amount and she seemed to really like everything but the sausage. A little too salty for her taste.Overall, the place was fantastic. We would totally go back. I would definitely recommend it to others and I'm happy this was our pick for our pre-show dinner!
5	I came to Seablue to celebrate a friend's birthday. There were about 10 of us and we all enjoyed the dinner very much. The decor was beautiful, and it feels very spacious and comfortable. The food and the service are both top notch and very memorable.We shared a couple orders of their tasting trios to start. The Steamed Tasting Trio, Fried & Crusted Tasting Trio, and Raw & Marinated Tasting Trio. They were all very good. Not a big fan of the Fried & Crusted, but definitely loved the Raw & Marinated. I just personally prefer raw seafood over fried.My main is Atlantic Cod that was Almond Crusted and served on Couscous with Lemon broth and Artichokes. I can honestly say the cod was probably one of the best fish I have ever had. It was cooked perfectly. The texture was soft and buttery. It feels very light and refreshing. The lemony couscous was a perfect complement.We did drink a lot and the bill was quite expensive. Coming from San Francisco, I don't know why we are eating seafood in the middle of a desert. But overall, we enjoyed the dinner a lot and would definitely come back again.
4	This was the best place we ate at MGM (though that isn't really saying much...). The make your own salad was great, be creative! Add the good stuff!!My boyfriend had the crab soup, it was good, but I preferred the salad. The flatbread was great, and the dips that came with it were awesome.We both had the bacon wrapped Sea Bass and it was great! The wait staff was very attentive (the sommelier never let out glasses get close to empty and had good suggestions on what  wine to pair with dinner) and helpful, all offered suggestions when asked and were quiet and polite when we were talking.We told our waiter that this was our best dinner in Vegas and the chef showed up shortly thereafter to let us know he had received the compliment and encourage us to visit again the next time we were in town.Yummy food with great service- harder to find in Vegas than I would have thought....
4	For being a seafood restaurant in the middle of the desert, Seablue didn't disappoint. Yes, it's Michael Mina, so yes, I expected good things, and I left satisfied, albeit not blown away. Oddly, my favorite part was the pita-naan hybrid bread, served warm and buttery and complimentary with a trio of dipping sauces--feta, roasted red pepper, and hummus. How can something so simple taste so divine?I opted for the tagine, which is essentially a paella, and it was positively loaded with perfectly cooked shellfish. The lentil-rice mixture underneath didn't have the most innovative flavor--not much more than a broth--but I liked how light it tasted. My dining companion ordered the grilled scallops, which ended up being almost like my dish in miniature, as they were served over a very similar rice-lentil mixture. Dessert was a bit of a letdown. The molten chocolate cake was a bit too dry and a bit too bitter, and the little caramel ice cream cone was rock-hard and unpleasant on the teeth. Overall, the dining experience met my expectations--well-prepared fare, a helpful but not overly enthusiastic server, impressive decor. With all the other choices at MGM and in Vegas at large, I wouldn't rush back for a second visit before trying other comparable places.
4	We were going to see Ka, so we decided to eat here since it was very close to the theatre.  Made reservations without a problem, but it didn't seem too busy that you had to have a reservation.  I really enjoyed the ambiance.  Lighting was subtle, low music, very relaxing.  The service was great.  I liked the comp bread with the different dipping sauces.  We didn't get too crazy, as we just went with the oyster po boy.  I LOVE oysters.  Very fresh little sandwich with fries and some crispy chips.  Didn't break the bank with this meal either.  If you are a seafood person, a must try!
4	My experience at Seablue was good overall! I went in the middle of the week without a reservation and there was no wait. Like others have mentioned, the naan bread with the dipping sauces is excellent. I also enjoyed how many condiments and garnishes they provided with their oyster selection as well as the "make your own salad."I ordered the Spanish Sea Bass off the recommendation of our very pleasant server and I was impressed by the simplicity, size of portion, and deliciousness of my meal. They definitely know their fish.Michael Mina has another restaurant at MGM called Nobhill, and if you ask the hostess about their loyalty program you might learn that visiting another Michael Mina location in Vegas nets you 15% off. BUT you have to ask and get the card of the hostess because they check. Also be sure to mention the discount to your next Michael Mina location before you are seated. I'm not sure how long this promotion lasts but it was a great deal- and Nobhill was great!
4	Happy Hour has arrived at Seablue and this is their very first week!  From Sunday to Thursday, 5:30 pm to 7 pm, and at the bar only - here's you chance to gorge on oysters on the half shell and sample a couple of their appetizers.Their happy hour menu is very limited unfortunately.  $2 draft beers, which included Stella Artois and Flat Tire; $1 oysters on the half shell (west coast only); $1 gulf shrimp; 1/2 price lobster corn dogs, and 1/2 price calamari.Yesterday we indulged in: * 4 dozen oysters on the half shell (HH $1 / reg $2) - They were only offering west coast oysters for the happy hour special, but they were nice to chuck in half a dozen east coast oysters too.  They were big oysters, if that can give you an idea of how it might taste.  I did prefer the east coast ones myself.  Served with lemon, horseradish, and two hot sauces from the bottle.  The bartender also gave us this other sauce that worked nicely with the oysters.* 1 dozen gulf shrimp (HH $3 / reg $2) - These were big buggers, chunky and cooked perfectly.  Came with lemon, cocktail sauce, and green goddess sauce.  The green goddess sauce worked perfectly with the shrimp!* 4 orders Lobster Corn Dogs "whole grain mustard aioli" (HH $7.50 / reg $15) - Four mini corn dogs come in one order.  They are tasty little things, and aren't your average corn dogs at all.  The mustard sauce was just okay though.* 1 order Salt & Pepper Calamari "hot & sour dipping sauce" (HH $5 / reg $10) - Lightly fried where the tentacles still hang with a nice tasting sauce.Service was fine, we sat at the bar and it was not busy when we arrived around 6 pm.  One thing I appreciate about Michael Mina restaurants is their use of teamwork.  It's not just one person taking our orders, but everyone else helping out with bringing the food out and clearing it too.We didn't get any of the complimentary naan bread that other people talked about, not sure if it was because we sat at the bar or what.  But I did see another couple at the bar eating it and now I wish I asked for some.  I did look over their menu for an order of mussels, as all the Seablue advertisements around MGM have a picture of them. Unfortunately, they just changed to their summer menu and mussels are not included on it!  Bummer!
2	Ate here with Donny C for a friends bday, but sat at a different table.  We received this promotion where it was buy one get one free.  For appetizers, we ordered crab cakes, calamari, and a salad.The crab cakes were good,  but the calarmari and crab salad were forgettable.  The crab salad looked like it was just a head of lettuce with some sauce and crab piled on top of it.I ordered the surf n turf as my buddy really wanted to order it.  Since it was buy one get one free, value wise I thought okay I"ll get this.  The steak was ok, but nothing compared to Cut's steak.  The lobster was a tad bit over cooked.The servers/waiters do NOT fill up your water glasses.  They took our appetizers away even though we weren't even done with them!  Poor service.Will not return..  The fish looked alot better.  Good thing we got half off everything!
4	What I like about going to Vegas midweek is how almost every place to eat is easily accessible and not overcrowded.  You can basically walk up to almost any fine dining establishment and get seated without a reservation.  With that said, I came across Seablue pretty much on a whim because I was just looking for a fancy dinner at a celebrity chef joint that wouldn't exceed $100.  My original choice to eat that night was Mesa Grill, but their menu didn't appeal to me at the time and I felt compelled to venture down the strip to MGM since I like their restaurant alley near the monorail entrance.  Shibuya was a little out of my range so I walked over to Seablue and liked their diverse menu.  Plus, I assumed that since it's Michael Mina, it must be good.Inside is very dark and intimate with water flowing down the walls.  The ambiance and decor worked for me as they complimented my food.  Great place for a date.  I ordered their Seablue Paella ($42, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3XE-poXz9CeDao-Q7pqkTw?select=kVRxMMlxUU30xc-rZhSqDw) because I was intrigued by the fact that it had rabbit and quail eggs.  Before the course they serve you a paper funnel full of Pita flatbread with hummus, goat cheese, and babaganoush (hella good!!!).  The paella definitely wasn't your typical Valencia style and it wasn't as much in quantity, but the quality was very good and every bite had a nice surprise as like all paellas.  The rabbit tasted like chicken though.  I guess that was expected.  My server was very attentive and actually suggested the paella for me, and I'm glad he did.  I also peeked over and saw someone eating their Kobe ribeye, it was huge and looked good also.Overall, Seablue was a nice experience for me.  I wouldn't mind going back there again to try that Kobe ribeye and everything else they have to offer, but with new places opening up on the Strip and a lot others to try, it might be hard to lure me back anytime soon.
5	Every September thousands of rowdy hockey fans like me invade The MGM Grand Hotel & Casino to take part in watching our beloved Stanley Cup-less LA Kings kick the crap out of The Colorado Avalanche, but everyone who knows me would safely assume that my yearly trip (that so happens to fall during my birthday) would not be complete without visiting Sea Blue.Last year the Lady friend and I took a stab at the Chilean Sea Bass wrapped in bacon... this year we just had to do the same. IT WAS THAT GOOD! Perfectly cooked, the fish flaked away ever so delicately. The bacon, well, seemed at least this year to be more infused around the sea bass rather than, well, just around it. Loved it! The fish on top of a bed of white beans and clams is the perfect compliment to this dish. The clams... I don't even really care for clams. Sea Blue's clams have a slight seasoning that make them... shall we say... IRRESISTIBLE!We also decided to add the Alaskan crab legs to our sea bass (I added wanted to do the Lobster, the better half wanted the crab legs). Let me say this: I loooooooove crab legs. Get it as much as humanely possible. When I'm up in SF, it's crab legs while standing on the wharf and a frosty Heineken. When I go out for seafood, it's crab legs. Sea Blue's crab legs...? The ish. They are slighty steamed and come out nice and hot, none of this cold BS. Now, the butter sauce they prepare... WOW. Absolutely perfect. Though the crab could stand without any sauce as long as you eat them asap, the sauce is TO DIE FOR!The appetizers and entrees my dinner party got... this year, last year, whenever... I didn't care about it. It's all about my sea bass + crab!See you next September Sea Blue!!!
5	First of all, I am a seafood fan. And both times I went here I was a guest of someone else so I wasn't paying the bill.That being said, the lobster corn dogs are amazing! Also the chilean sea bass. Get the salad that you can customize and you will not be disappointed.
4	Last week was the first time I've dined here which was suggested by a friend who frequents this place often when in town.  The Seablue menu features tapas, custom designed salads (which is a fun and creative thing to do especially w/a group) and mouth watering seafood entrees.  I ordered the bacon-wrapped Chilean sea bass with toasted garlic jus, cannellini beans and Manila clams.  I must say the fusion of the ingredients totally complimented the seabass.  It was cooked perfectly.  The Pomagrante Lychee Martini was super yummy as well. This place is a must see!
5	Initially we made a reservation for 2 and had to wait 30 minutes to be seated.  I loved, loved, loved, loved, loved, loved, loved, loved, the LOBSTER BISQUE. The PAELLA was the best I have ever tasted.The waitress was very knowledgeable about the wine list. What looked like the manager in the suit, was working hard helping to clear tables and making sure every customer in the place was satisfied.  This is my idea of a successful restaurant.
5	I really love the food here. It is always wonderful. The servers are kind and professional. I am always up for a trip to Seablue.
3	Located in MGM Grand.I decided to cobble together a variety of apps for dinner consisting of the MANILA CLAMS, TRIO of RAW and MARINATED DISHES & LOBSTER CORNDOGS: MANILA CLAMS: was the winningest dish of the night.  It was also the best bargain since it was a very large portion with ...20 clams in a shallow bowl and two huge rafts of garlickly oily toasts.  Lots of butter, parsley and wine. Very tasty. TRIP OF RAW & MARINATED.  First, yellowtail crudo, topped with some sliced radishes, micrgreens and ponzu.  Decently quality fish but ponzu was subpar and mostly soy and insufficient acid.  Tuna Kibbeh.  Kind of nasty.  I didn't like the creamy sauce on it but did enjoy the pine nuts.  Scallop ceviche with cukes avocado in a somewhat canned, nasty tomato soup.  SKIP ALL OF THESE.  LOBSTER CORNDOGS:  The batter was too sweet and underfried.  The lobster was a mousse that was seriously funky.  The mustard dipping sauce overpowered anything else and just didn't match.  CHICKEN:  Well cooked and tasty!  APPLE TART TATIN:  Michael Mina, you should be ashamed.  That sad pathetic puff pastry circle topped with apple is not a tart tatin.
3	Let me start off by saying there is nothing wrong with this place. The decor needs some work though it reminds me of a slightly upgraded chain restaurant (not on the Michael Mina par). However, the food is decent. Everything is executed out to the point where you can't complain. Started off with oysters from Vancouver, BC (some of the best ), glass of wine, had the ahi tuna tartare with pine nuts and pomegranate (it needed a little something extra, I like it when it is marinated with jalapeno and lime juice with cilantro). For the entree has the John Dory fish and Scallops. It came on a bed of jasmine rice, asparagus, and light vinaigrette dressing. I'm glad they didn't drench the food with sauce like some places do. The John dory fish (first for me) tasted like a cross between halibut and scrod. It's a light white fish, firmer than a sole or tilapia. The scallops were a bit too salty for me.. It wasn't orgasmically good, but good enough. Another important note: I just learned that all locals get 2 for 1 entrees at all MGM owned restaurants. It's a great deal and a great way to try the places you have been wanting to.
5	After a fun day gambling, we decided to try Seablue for dinner -- we keep walking by & looking at the menu, and we have eaten at Michael Mina's Nobhill and had great expectations.We were eating dinner a bit late, but were seated right away.  Hostess was nice and gave us an overview of the menu and the "winter tasting" prix fixe menu.Our waitress was friendly and attentive and answered our menu questions, and the bus staff was great at keeping water filled, plates cleared, wine poured, etc.I ended up going with the Winter Tasting menu (four courses) and hubby went with an appetizer and entree.  The winter tasting menu included a "meze plate", with four mini-appetizers; a "pick your own salad"; seafood "paella" with three meat skewers (like satay skewers); and a berry dessert.The "meze plate" included a hummus spread, roasted red pepper dip, herbed yougurt dip, and almonds; all with toasted pita chips, or the bread served (baguette).  Wonderfully fresh flavors & fun to eat and share.  The salad was fine -- many choices of greens, proteins, cheeses, dressings, etc.  My paella was delicious -- not a true paella (not crunchy, etc), more of pilaf rice, fluffy with capers & spices.  Lots of wonderful mussels, shrimp, tiny octopi, fish, clams, Oh My!  in a great sauce/broth.  It wasn't soupy at all, but there was a nice amount of sauce in the bottom of the bowl.Hubby had the raw plate trio (with a slice of yellow fin, ceviche and tuna kibbeh) that was absolutely spot-on, with all three of the portions.  We would order it again any time!  He had the artic char for his entree.  Delicious -- on a bed of aspargus with a lemon buerre blanc sauce.Enjoyed a nice unoaked Chardonnay, and dinner was a hit.
4	I took my wife here on a date night after grandma offered to watch our 6 month old son. My wife built her own salad and raved about it. She felt that it was the perfect size. I had the lobster bisque and it was fantastic. One of the best lobster bisque's that I've ever had.I had the seafood paella. It was delicious. Outside of Spain it was the best paella that I have ever had. My wife had a white fish and she enjoyed it a lot, though was not blown away by it. For desert we shared a root beer float. It was nothing special, a bit overpriced for root beer and soda.Overall we had a nice evening. The service was fast and friendly, though it was a bit loud and hard to have any conversation. We would go back just to try some of the other dishes.
5	Remarkable dining. They have the best sea bass I have ever had. Everything we ordered was full of flavor. Service was on point. I brought my wife here for our anniversary and we had a great time.
5	My wife and I stay at MGM several times per year and have some "favorite" restaurants there.  This trip was the first time we decided to give Sea Blue a try, and both of us are glad that we did.We both opted for the winter tasting menu dinner, along with sommelier paired wines.  This included their standard "build your own salad".  Designing a salad with ten ingredients was a lot of fun and my wife and I picked some of our favorite items, as well as some new ones. The salads were both very good, and just the right size.Our appetizer platter consisted of a couple of different types of bread along with a roasted red pepper hummus and a traditional hummus, some tobiki type sauce, almonds and a selection of olives.  There were generous poritons of everything and we did not eat all of it.  The next course was some skewers. There was lamb, beef and chicken, along with some seasonings to sprinkle on each.  They were all done very well and were extremely tasty.  The next course was a paella. This was different from any that either of us had ever had. It consited of not only some delicious seafood such as scallops, fish, clams, mussels, and callamari,  but also quail and rabbit along with some delicious chorizo.  It was DELICIOUS with a capital "D"!The chosen wine pairings for each course were very well done and went nicely with the food.Desert was a warm lemon cake served with some nice berries and a very nice lemon sorbet.  It was the perfect way to end a very good meal.  We will add this restaurant to our long list of favorites at the MGM.
3	3.5 starsI've tried 2 restaurants at MGM Grand: Craftsteak & Seablue.  I would rather come back to Craftsteak.Came here for my sister's 21st birthday dinner, there were 8 of us.  We ordered many dishes to share as family style dining which included: Halibut, Dayboat Scallops, Prime Angus Flat Iron, and Prime Bone-In New York Strip.  Our dishes were served with: Chickpea and Lentil Rice, Jumbo Asparagus, Olive Oil Smashed Potatoes, and Medley of Mushrooms. Everything was "okay", the only dish that stands out that I would definitely order again is the Scallop - it was delicious.  Other than that, I don't think it's worth the money for average tasting food.Oh, and they definitely need to redecorate this restaurant - please.
4	Really great food, wonderful service and a  nice ambiance. Try the raw tastings, both my business associate and I really enjoyed the scallop ceviche and the tuna tartare. Our server, Jennifer, was excellent and attentive, without being obsequious.
3	2.5 stars. We went to Seablue to have a late lunch and watch the Superbowl. The restaurant was empty, but the bar area had several people in it. We decided to sit at the booths by the table. Our schedule it really f'ed up in Vegas -- we woke up after 1pm, so we were starving by the time we got to Seablue. Too bad it wasn't very impressive. The decor was pretty old-school, blue and basic. The food we ordered included: Lobster corn dogs -- as bad as they sound. Chicken skewer app -- good flavor, chicken was a little under-done. Naan bread and various dips -- the best part of the meal! The bread was hot and fresh, and the dips were yummy! Filet Mignon -- Cooked right, but the meat was not the best. Lots of fat, which filet mignons should not have. Mashed potatoes were good, just the basic. Hubby had the jasmine rice with chickpeas, which was actually really good. Overall, it was overpriced, and the food was not that great. I would not go here again.
5	Went on Valentines but been lazy writing a review.For a very full bar and restaurant- the service wasn't compromised and was attentive. Filled drinks and staff kept passing by to see if people need things and when to bring out our courses.The flat bread and trio spread they bring out is amazing! I never thought I would be that surprised at a friggin' free bread! I love the texture and flavor of the bread even by itself, but the three spreads: hummus, eggplant and a herb cheese were very nice pairings with this soft and flaky flatbread. Quite impressed with the fact the bread basket isn't a afterthought but part of the experience- they want to start you off right. We both had a prix fixe spring tasting menuFirst tasteMine: yellowtail crudo w/ spicy shitake, ponzu sauceHis: tomato crab soup Both nice but the soup stood out. Nice lump crab and flavor...had a pesto oil on it and was very nice. Crudo fresh and tasty but it's not memorably inventive in all my crudo/carpaccio/poke fanaticism but definitely was nice...wish it wasnt a measly thin 3 pieces, but I get why though..We also ordered some king crab legs and were very high quality crab. Some of the most juicy and fresh legs ever,- "sea tasting" as crab can get. Perfectly seasoned and cooked. Main-both of us did the Paella. Very nice twist on a favorite...I like that it was more risotto like and had broth on the bottom that was nicely spiced. The mix of seafood in it was nice and plentiful- 3 kinds of clams, squid, scallop, white fish I could not identify along with rabbit and sausage and sweet peppers. Loved the big scallop- it was perfectly cooked and I normally don't like big scallops much. I go nuts when people overcook shellfish but all the clams were still very soft and delightful.Dessert: Chocolate mousse cake...kinda like an opera cake with a brown sugar ice cream. Wasnt on the regular dessert menu. I liked the brown sugar ice cream a lot. The cake was good chocolate flavor and not overwhelmingly chocolate-y. Enjoyable but not mindblowing.Overall, I think it was a good "date night" spot. Definitely will come back again.
4	If you can make it for happy hour it's pretty affordable.Best sea bass I've had so far. And as good as the food is, it's a casual atmosphere so you don't have to dress up if you don't want to.
3	So I enjoy food.  No surprise there.  And,  I very much enjoy going to Vegas to indulge in my foodie-ness.  There are a great many places to eat in this food mecca in the desert, and if my bank account had no bottom, I would experience them all.Now last year, my sister and aunt and I went to another Michael Mina restaurant, also at the MGM.  Unspeakably good!  So were all excited to try Seablue, also at the MGM, also a Michale Mina restaurant.  We checked out the menu online, found that they had an interesting pri fixe menu, and decided to try it.  So Friday night in Vegas, my sister, cousin, and I found ourselves with an 8:30pm reservation.  The place was still pretty quiet, and were seated right away in a half-booth backed by a really pretty wall-fountain.  The ambiance was great, evoking the ocean without that unnecessary nets-on-the-wall, fish-on-display vibe.  Though the music didn't exactly fit the setting, we couldn't have been happier.  Great 80s pop and alternative--we probably sang along to every song, if not played Name That Tune...Service was a tad odd.  They don't provide you with menus when you first sit, and the person that does bring the menus isn't knowledgeable about what's on it, so we asked him questions that he basically ignored.  The server came by to tell us about the specials and to take our drink orders.  She left without giving us a chance to ask about the pri fixe menu, which was not indicated in the menu.  When my sister finally had the chance to ask, the server gave a quick and dirty explanation of what was included, how much it cost, and that's about it.  Upon her third return, my sister finally had the chance to ask if wine pairings were included.  While we were happy to order the pri fixe (mainly because a lot of the entree items were on the pricier side), it felt like pulling teeth, having to ask two different people at least three times, if it was even offered, and what was included.Ok, on to the food...-The bread they bring out is AMAZING!  Fresh, warm middle eastern flatbread.  It came with a trio of hummus, red paper puree, and a feta cheese-olive dip.  All really good.  Yes, we hail from a middle eastern background; we've got years of family experience and a discerning palate when it comes to this stuff.  All very good!-The pri fixe started with a larger mezze platter which featured all of the above, and some additional items like olives, spicy almonds, a yogurt and garlic dip, and another dip-like concoction with dates and...something?  Damn I can't remember.  -The salad course is interesting.  Basically you're given a huge list of greens, proteins, cheeses, nuts, dressings, etc and some golf pencils to make your own.  Awesome!!  My sister and cousin worked on that while I picked out a wine (my sister went ahead with the wine pairings).  You can choose up to 10 ingredients for your salad.  We chose various greens, beets, ham, bacon, cheese, pine nuts, and a really tasty vinegarette.  One of my favorite parts of the meal.-The main course was family style, complete with skewers of beef, chicken and lamb on a bed of tabouli.  It also included a seafood paella, which I was definitely looking forward to.  I gotta say, not so impressed.  The rice lacked flavor and it didn't have that amazing crunchy layer, which is kinda the best part about the dish.  The proteins were certainly fresh, but paella shouldn't include everything but the kitchen sink.  Pick wisely people!  Halibut, salmon, chicken, chorizo, shrimp, calamari, sausage...a couple more unnecessary proteins.  Too much people!!  At the beginning of the people, we all cursed ourselves for getting stuffed on the bread, mezze, and salad.  In hindsight, I'm glad we did.  The lamb skewers were amazing, rocked my world, no complaints there.  The chicken skewers were forgettable, the beef had an interesting marinade, but I didn't wake in the night longing for more.  The paella was such a disappointment!  -Oh yeah dessert.  They definitely made up!  We each got an individual portion of polenta cake and a scoop of creme fraiche ice cream in another bowl, as well as a warm berry topping.  All amazing!  We were unbelievably stuffed when it arrived.  Honestly I had forgotten there was dessert coming.  The meal definitely ended on a positive note with this dessert.  The price: $45 per person for three courses, I believe an additional $25 or so for the wine pairings.  I sampled the wines; good, not great.  The dessert wine was a keeper though!
5	Chef Steven hooks it up!!!!Kushi oysters, king crab, lobster salad! what? that is right and it was awesome! come in for the happy hour...come in for the foods. if you love the ocean and all its succulent creatures; then this is your spot. I love the lighter side of the dishes. but don't get me wrong; they are still rich. but no butter or cream in sight!
4	The service here was great, especially given the sheer size of the restaurant.  The food was great, although not quite as good as some other Vegas restaurants with similar prices.  The naan and dipping sauces they bring out at the beginning were excellent.  I got the tuna tartar appetizer -- tuna with pomegranates in pita.  Interesting combination that turned out to be quite good.  I ordered the scallops, which were good but not the best I've ever had.  The root beer float for desert was great comfort food.  Overall I'd say the restaurant was pretty good, but next time in Vegas I'd rather try something new than go back.
5	UHM... everyone else said it all. and oh,BEST FREAKIN' STEAK EVARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR. :)I wish I could go back JUST for that. every. night. and day.or maybe right when they open. STEAK!
2	The food was a total bummer for me, but my date seemed happy.  I think she was drunk.  We had a lot to drink, but if you have dry Cioppino, there is something terribly wrong in the world.  It was a deconstructed cioppino, not the traditional with the rich red sauce.   The squid leg dried to the bowl.  It was like it was preserved under a heat lamp to keep it warm until delivered.  I should have sent it back, but I have this fear of someone spitting in my food so I just deal with it and never return.   The place was pretty empty, though the other restaurants nearby were packed.  The waitress that helped us was VERY cool.   I had read a number of negative reviews of not getting your monies worth of the restaurant but went anyway because I hoped things would have changed.  Didn't!Maybe I should have had the steak.
3	We were eagerly looking forward to our meal at Seablue, Michael Mina's upscale seafood restaurant in the MGM Grande.  I'm still trying to figure out why we didn't enjoy it more.  The food was good, to be sure.  Our main course was a tagine of almond and panko crusted cod with artichoke and couscous in a lemon broth, and was truly sublime.  Along with our entree we ordered the yellowtail sashimi with ponzu and the tuna tartare appetizers, which were done competently enough, but tasted so similar to dishes we have had elsewhere that we were unimpressed.  We started with a make-your-own salad by choosing from dozens of potential ingredients on a checklist.  Ours came out looking and tasting good enough, but again we were a bit underwhelmed.  A fun idea, though, and definitely different for a high-end restaurant. The restaurant was beautiful, but we happened to be sitting in an area near the entrance and I had a partial view of the MGM Mall, which definitely detracted from the ambiance.  In retrospect I would ask to be seated further into the restaurant.  The waitress was attentive and the rest of the service good as well, but paled next to the exceptional classical service we had the night before at Aureole.  I suspect we would have enjoyed Seablue more if we had eaten there first.  The tagine was priced at $38, which by my estimation puts this restaurant into the category of expensive, and I guess for an expensive restaurant Seablue just felt a bit too casual.
4	I enjoy coming here mainly for happy hour, where you I can enjoy $4 Stellas from tap and awesome $1 fresh oysters and shrimp cocktail. They also offer half of lobster corn dogs and fried calamari. This is definitely a good spot to come chill before an actual meal and load up on some good cheap drinks and cheap eats. The gist...PROS: Great happy hour menu. They give you pencils so you can draw  straight onto the placemats.CONS: There's no pencil sharpener for when you're pencil breaks and you might feel a bit shameful asking for more pencils just so you can continue drawing immature pictures and games of tic-tac-toe.
5	Great service. Great food. Dessert was awesome.
4	Really like this place, have gone twice now, and will go back.  The menu is small, but fresh, really fresh.  It is a fish house, not a crab shack or chop house, fish, fresh yummy fish.  The salads are also very good.  The cab. vinaigrette, is just delish.  I loved the halibut and my coworker loved the bacon wrapped Chilean sea bass.  Service is very good, wine list is MASSIVE and the food is clean.  Nothing over the top, just fresh fish prepared well.
4	A great menu, very polite staff and a nice atmosphere. Not cheap but definitely not the worst in the MGM. Four of us had some drinks and nice amount of food for $300. Have the server mix up a plate of oysters for you, they are to die for. Clams are always "ehh" so don't expect miracles. The meat selection is not terribly vast, but what they did have is just fine. The rib-eye is something truly special.
5	Oh whoops!  My bad...I gave them 3 stars on my first visit???  It must've been because a) I was suffering from heatstroke and/or b) it was uberly late at night and I was easily agitated that night...?  Well, let me fix that rating =)I would definitely recommend this place for HH, if you can make it.  Otherwise, if you have money to spend...come here too =D  The $1 oysters and JUMBO shrimp were amazing =d  But what was even better than that was the EXCEPTIONAL service...I was so blown away by how friendly and attentive everyone was.  I was scared that we would be forgotten because my friend and I were sitting near the entrance, away from the bar crowd.  But that only meant good things...we had a waitress and 2 hostesses taking care of us =DAlso, as a warning...count your food people!  They're rushed and might slip up sometimes!  We ordered a dozen of those yummy Willapa bay oysters and only 11 came out.  The hostess was nice enough to give us a baker's dozen for that mistake =)Also, I don't think the lobster corn dogs or calamari off of the HH menu were very good =T  The sangria was ok but tasted better as you got to the bottom of the pitcher.From their regular menu, their diver scallops are amazing =d  The lentil rice was soooooooooo good...And I loved that the waitress had asked the chef to split the entree for me =D  2 pitchers of sangria causes Jenny's judgment to be a bit off =dI must try the steak next time I'm in Vegas...oh yah...and sorry for the 3 stars before =)
3	What brought this score down was that I found several bones in my fish and after informing the waiter of this, the manager came over to offer us a free dessert rather than adjusting the bill. Also our waiter seemed distracted and wasn't very attentive.Overall food and drinks were good,  atmosphere was nice. The warm pita and hummus, feta, red pepper spread that comes complimentary with the meal was delicious!
4	This is more of an incomplete grade since we only stayed for happy hour. But man, that was a happpppppy hour, let me tell ya.$1/ea oysters - salty and fresh, tasted like a gooey bite of ocean. Typically, I'm pretty hesitant about raw oysters on the half shell, but given Sea Blue's reputation with fresh seafood, felt like this was a worthwhile risk. I was rewarded justly.$1/ea shrimp - I was definitely hesitant with this thinking that these would likely be more in the 26-30 count size. maybe 16-20, if we were lucky. Well, its VEGAS BABY! These were some big ole tiger prawn looking bad boys. They were tender and sweet. Worth every penny.$5 calamari - This was a healthy sized portion, especially for happy hour. Good, but not exceptional. The fried slice of lime was surprising.I'm sure we would've enjoyed the full meal as well, but without having tried the full gamut of offerings, its truly difficult to give it a 5-star rating.
5	Five stars for Happy Hour. Delicious $1 oysters and shrimp and a variety of $4 beers on tap to wash it all down. Service was top notch too!
4	If you want more food than you can handle from a tasting menu, Seablue is the way to go for sure. I know Vegas is known for their buffets but the amount of food they give you in their tasting menu is just crazy! My mom, brother and I came no where near finishing all of the food they gave us here!The tasting menu is around $65 per person but in Vegas that is a steal for a multicourse menu. You start with a salad that you create yourself with up to 10 toppings and that alone is a hard choice. Then they brought us some breads and different types of olives and dips like roasted pepper sauces and such and then a series of different types of kabobs. The lamb kabobs are a must here, and they even pack a hint of spice in them which I always like. My brother was a big fan of the kabobs too! And then if you aren't full yet, they bring you a seafood paella dish that is big enough to feed four people yet alone three people after already eating a ton! The paella was pretty tasty too. Various types of shellfish but the chorizo was my favorite part in that dish. I kept eating more but I needed to be able to still fit into the dress I was wearing for the club that night, so I stopped...eventually. And did I mention we got wine pairings too? Yup. You live it up in Vegas! But word to the wise. If you are trying to make a show at the MGM like we were, I would either eat here way earlier than you think you need to or eat somewhere else since service is a little slow and the tasting menu just takes a while. We had to high tail it out of there in heels to make it on time and after all of that food and wine, a marathon in heels is the last thing you want!
4	I've only been to their Happy Hour, but it was worth it. The oysters and shrimp cocktail were really good. Definitely get there right when happy hour starts so that you can get a seat because people wait outside the doors for the restaurant to open.
4	4.5 StarsMichael Mina, you're a culinary master! You've made me fall in love with another one of your fabulous restaurants. So what exactly is Seablue? It's a pretty casual fish house with an open kitchen and lit running water in the background.  Look up and you'll notice giant red-orange lanterns overhead.  The overall restaurant is pretty dimly lit though.The meal starts off with freshly baked naan flat bread accompanied by three dipping sauces.  You'll be able to sample some hummus, red pepper puree, and a feta cheese & olive spread.  The naan itself was really flavorful and crispy and I liked the red pepper puree spread the best.  It had a really nice sweet flavor to it. For feta cheese lovers, the spread was pretty mild and the olives were not too salty.For the main course, I ordered the Bacon-Wrapped Chilean Sea Bass Tagine ($38) and it was SOOOO good. The fish was served with cannellini beans, manila clams, stewed tomatoes, shallots, and brocollini in a toasted garlic jus.  The fish itself was so buttery, smooth, and tender that it just melts in your mouth. My mouth is actually salivating right now!!  The cannellini beans were more on the solid side and the brocollini gave the dish complexity with added springiness.  The manila clams were a little more fishy for my tastes, but it didn't detract from the other tasty components of my dish.I ended my meal with Michael's Root Beer Float ($9). Apparently you can order this dessert at all of his establishments. For anyone who hasn't tried this yet, I suggest trying it at least once.  The float consisted of sassafras ice cream, root beer sorbet, and root beer.  Chocolate straws also stem from the glass for the illusion effect of being real straws you can drink out of.  Sadly, you can't.  Believe me I tried! :)  The overall drink was really refreshing and had a subtle minty flavor to it.   The chocolate chip cookies were DELICIOUS.  They were warm and chewy and the bittersweet chocolate and nuts rounded out the cookie's taste and texture.I had an awesome meal and can't wait to check out another Michael Mina restaurant in the future.== A MUST TRY! ==
5	Great seafood to satisfy your every whimsical desire.What can I say.  This place has fantastic seafood.  From the moment you walk in you know you are in for a treat.  The restaurant is very elegantly decorated and they add a little spicy touch with some LCD TVs lying around the bar in case you don't want to miss the game.  The layout is very nice as well.  Plenty of tables and booths for you and your friends to enjoy the delicious menu.All the seafood is great here and I'm sure the other reviews can attest to that, so I'll just write a little bit about the sangria.  It's fabulous.  One of the best I've had and it even comes in pitcher size which is nice for this nice of a restaurant.  It's a large pitcher too so don't be fooled.  I like to share this with ONE friend and we both get a pretty nice buzzy sensation from this wonderful libation.  It's smooth, it's fruity, but not too smooth and fruity.  It's ice cold and strong and it's exactly what I'm looking for in sangria.  It's simply remarkable and you'd be remiss to eat here without trying it for yourself.
5	Amazing!  If you are local and haven't noticed, many properties like MGM have spring/summer tasting menus that are perfect for a nice night out.  They range depending on the restaurant of course, but they are amazing deal for a nice 3-4 course menu.  One of our fav meals so far still, and we've been here 6 years.
4	My sister and I came here for our 1st drink upon arrival in Las Vegas. We did not order any food, but this place gets 4 stars for it's courteous bartender (prompt, friendly service), delicious wine (I had a lovely Oregon pinot noir and my sister sipped a refreshing pinot grigio), and cool vibe. Our only regret was that we didn't order the sangria, which looked amazing. There's always next time!
5	My only regret is that I didn't order dessert (kicking self).The whole experience was fantastic.   Every single item we ordered was delectable!  The pre-dinner naan was buttery, the perfect level of salty, and got our appetites roaring.  My spanish bass was meaty and perfectly paired with asparagus and rice.  I ordered a side of ratatouille, and that was fresh and had the perfect balance of flavors.  It didn't look anything like the dish from the movie though... maybe because a rat didn't make it?My friends ordered chilean sea bass and cod tagines, and those were served steaming hot.  We noticed they have a happy hour special, but that only applies at the bar.  Highly recommend Seablue!
5	A little love goes a long way! When I enter a restaurant and the host/hostess and servers all seem to be enjoying themselves I get excited about what is to come. People like what they do when ythey are proud of where they work and I was not disappointed in my Seablue experience. The staff was knowledgeable and friendly and the food was amazing. I had the Spanish Bass and it might have been the best Bass I've ever had. the portion was perfection and the food was lovely to look at. That kind of food comes from a chef that loves making food.  One of the best dining experiences I've had!
4	Great happy hour! $1 oysters, and $1 shrimp. Also deals on lobster corn dogs and sangria. Definitely worth a meal if you can get there on time.
5	People often mention the great Happy Hour that SeaBlue has.. from 530-7pm Sun-Fri.. And while it IS great.. (the have Stella Artois on draft, ) you cannot forget about the main dining room menu. The food is spectacular in such a clean flavored kind of way, it leaves you wanting to go back for dinner the next night. I love their Grilled & Skewered Trio of appetizers that includes Tandoori Octopus, Shrimp BLT Wraps and Lamb Kebabs with a yogurt sauce. The three items are three of my favorite items on any menu anywhere.. and followed with the generous portion of Cod in the "Cod Tagine" (a Moroccan Style Clay Pot of cooking). The wine list is great and the "by the glass selection" has some really excellent choices.  - this is really one of my favorite places to dine. Finished up with a creme brulee topped off with bananas foster.. and i'm pretty much in Heaven. Check this place out.. at a price point of about $50 per person, it won't break the bank and the flavors are excellent!
3	Went there a couple of weeks ago for my birthday and in spite of a few glitches it wasn't too bad.  We went to the Seablue at the Borgata for our honeymoon and decided to try this location.  First of all the decor is different between the two.  This one is a bit more casual than the on in AC.  When we made reservations we told them it was for my birthday and that we had gone to the other one for honeymoon.  They assured us that they would take care of things.When we arrived they sat us in the very front in the bar area.  There was a little card waiting for us on the table that said congrats on being married.  WTH??? I told our server (who was a great guy) that sitting in the bar area is not my idea of romantic dinner and its my birthday not honeymoon.  He apologized and sat us in the main dining area.  For the goof we got two glasses of champagne.Our next server wasn't as friendly, but she was efficient.  My husband had the paella (which was pretty good) and I had a summer special.  I do love the make your own salad combination and OMG that warm nan bread and the three spreads - YUMMMMMMMM.   I should've gone for the root beer float but opted for the ice cream trio. If you go here, check outside to see if they are running any specials because they won't advertise it inside, they will advert another one (in this case a more expensive one) and be prepared to put out some bucks.  We won't be going back to this Seablue unless its for Happy Hour.  Food is good, but not that impressive for the price.
5	This place is the best happy hour I've ever been to, bar none. The oysters are $1 a piece (and you have to order them in half-dozen increments) and they are fresh! Even their shrimp are a great deal ($1 a piece, same deal as the oysters), and damn if those shrimp aren't massive and satisfying. The sauces are a winner as well, in case you're not into naked shrimp (I am, but I like to shake things up every now and again). The sangria was tasty, and a little on the expensive side, but given how much I was saving on oysters, it was well worth it.I had a really great experience here, and only wish I didn't have to dash out to make it to the Venetian to watch Phantom. I really could have ordered many more oysters and many more shrimp and just been happy as a clam. I will definitely be back!
4	Great happy hour specials and the food is great and worh the price.  The 15$ sangria pitchers go far
5	This is a review for their dinner service. I went there with my girlfriend and her mom for a surprise dinner for my girlfriends birthday. When we got to the restaurant, there was a birthday card on the table for her and they made us feel extremely welcome. The food was simply fantastic! From their bread across the board to desert it was simply fantastic. I had the paella at the waitress' request and I am glad I did. Very good sized portions, filling, and extremely flavorful. If you are a Mina fan, you must try this place when in vegas.
3	How can you go wrong with $1 shrimp & oysters at the Happy Hour?!? You have to order a half a dozen minimum but at $6 per order for each, I don't think it will break the bank. I can only speak for the shrimp (that's b/c I hate oysters) which were big and went great with the accompanying sauces. Lobster corndogs were pretty tasty and so were the calamari. The chicken skewers...meh... nothing to write home about.Considering the prices for the food and booze during Happy Hour, I was actually surprised that there was no line waiting outside and plenty of seats were available at the bar. FYI, you will not be allowed to enter the premises for the Happy Hour until the hostess' watch shows EXACTLY 5:30pm. Didn't get a chance to try the regular menu as we had reservations at another place that evening. It looked quite good though.
5	We were in Vegas for the weekend for my friend's wedding.   Our last night there we were looking for a great Seafood place to eat at.  I found SeaBlue through Google (Sorry Yelp).  And this place was fantastic!We ordered fresh oysters, Seafood Paella, Strip Steak with a 1/2 Lobster, and 2 glasses of Prosecco.  I think the bill came out to $220 ish.Service was stellar, the food was amazing.I will definitly check out Michael Mina's other restaurants!
4	I am merely reviewing their happy hour, so if you're looking for a more in depth review, move along.Since I heard Seablue had $1 shrimp as part of their happy hour, I've been dying to try it.  I finally made it out there a few days ago when I had some time to kill.  The problem is that MGM is so far removed from anywhere I ever go to, and Seablue itself is so far from the parking garage.That aside, when I finally did arrive, the shrimp were amazing.  They sold them by the half dozen, and I had to limit myself to one order as I was meeting people for dinner afterwards.  I skipped the $1 oysters, as well as the overpriced lobster corndogs and other appetizer deals.  I did have a $4 Stella, which isn't a great deal, but it was ice cold and delicious.
4	So far in the MGM I've been to Seablue and Emeril's Fish House, and while I love the salmon with fried onions and the banana cream pie at Emeril's, I find Seablue to have a better all-around dining experience.  If you've been to Michael Mina in the Bellagio, you'll understand why Seablue (also a Michel Mina restaurant) is really 3.5-4 stars instead of 5, but still - the food is quite nice.  The naan bread, which they bake fresh to order and bring to the table with hummus, feta and red pepper dip, is deliciously soft and warm (note: they also serve this type of bread at Sensi in the Bellagio, which is another amazing restaurant and worth a try).  Probably my favorite part of the menu is the "build your own salad" concept, which allows you to check off a wide variety of items and hand the waiter your personalized salad "recipe" as you have designed it.  Genius.  Why don't more restaurants offer this?  The first time I got the tuna tartare it was outstanding, and had some ingredient - an herb or spice - which I couldn't name but which put it over the top.  The second time I ordered it, I couldn't locate the same flavor, but it was still nice.  My better half got the lobster corn dogs and found them pretty good, but he wasn't blown away.  I also got the tuna as an entree and it was tasty, but the crowning achievement was the banana creme brulee.  All of the items on the dessert menu sounded amazing, but we'll definitely be ordering this one again.
5	I have nothing bad to say about this fine establishment. Everyone from the hostess to the bus boys were so helpful and professional. The service here was attentive and they really care about your dining experience without overdoing it. The food was impeccable and came out in good portions. We started off with Kumomoto oysters, which were divine. They came out with a tiny cute Tabasco bottle that was to die for. Shrimp BLT Lettuce cups were next and it was light and refreshing. Carlsbad muscles...easily the best muscles I've ever had. They came in a light onion wine sauce that is wonderful to dip bread in. As for my entree, I ordered one of their "Tagines" or Moroccan clay pot. Out of the 3 choices, I had the Atlantic Cod. Unfortunately, they ran out of Cod that night so I had the halibut as a substitute.It came out on a bed of cous cous and wild mushrooms. Halfway through my entree, I was so stuffed that I couldn't even finish it. Nevertheless, it was wonderful. It was probably due to the yummy Naan bread + array of hummus that they serve fresh every 10 minutes and ALLLLL of the yummy appetizers. Really, it was a wonderful dining experience. The executive chef was mingling amongst the patrons and that's 5 stars off the back. Nice ambiance, located in the MGM Studio Walk. Food, incredibly good. Service, fantastic. I highly recommend this restaurant!
5	We only came here for Happy Hour, but I already can't wait to come back again! You really can't beat $1 oysters, and they were really, really good oysters...sitting at the bar we got to watch them being shucked fresh right in front of us. And considering that at the other seafood restaurant we dined at the night before charged $3.75 an oyster, it really is a fantastic deal. The bartender was great too, very friendly and attentive. Will definitely be back for another Happy Hour!
4	Funny how you can overlook reviewing a favorite... I thought I posted ages ago -- this is long overdue.I've dined at Seablue at least a dozen times. Their happy hour is a great deal shrimp and oysters for a buck each. The regular menu is also fresh I've had excellent halibut and seabass. Even lamb and beef have been well prepared. I also appreciate that olive oil is the fat of choice, here. I never leave feeling stuffed and icky. Everytime, I'm pleasantly full even when I help myself to too much naan.Seasonal menus and locals specials make Seablue a great value. Not too mention, meals here have been superior to those at Aquaknox and RM Seafood.
5	I love the Cable Cars and you can't beat the naan bread and crab stuffed piquillo peppers!
2	Eh. Not good. The only reason we chose Seablue was b/c we were stupid and didn't make any dinner reservations in Vegas. Oh well... we figured it would be great (recommended by an MGM concierge, who, go figure, recommended mostly restaurants in his own establishment - we should have known).The only good thing about this dinner was the free pita (or whatever) bread and dipping sauces that came with the meal (which yes, was AMAZING!!). After looking over the menu and being completely unimpressed, I went with the Caesar salad (again, "eh" - I've had it better a hundred times). My husband got the Artic Char - my usual fave - but it was fishy tasting and overcooked. The sides were random and pretty much the same for most dishes.The lobster corndogs are probably big sellers - who wouldn't want to try it, right? We fell into the trap and got a trio sampler. The corndog was a little strange tasting. My recommendation (besides to not order them) would be - if you do - don't deconstruct them. The meat alone is pretty nasty (looking AND tasting).Service was okay. I wouldn't go back or recommend though.
4	The food and service were very good.  As is typical with Vegas, when you get a bottle of wine they are pouring it at the speed of light so your table drinks faster and they ask you if you want another.  Why not but actually we'd like to taste it.  I had the seabass wrapped in a thin bacon, very good..  The make your own salad with up to ten items was great.  Everybody loved the food, the Orin Swift Prisoner by the bottle was fabulous (red blend from Napa), and the service was very good.  We closed things out with a tequila shot to get things moving along.  Will go back.
3	I'm really torn about this place. I looked up reviews here and read them all, made a conscious decision to book reservations. The atmosphere was amazing and customer service was perfection. The food was a disappointment. This place is another classic example of paying big bucks to get very little food. Don't order the scallops. $35 for three? Please. Appetizer, same thing. Pass. Maybe go for happy hour? The menu looked great (and cheaper) but for the amount of money you will spend, you're better off going elsewhere.
5	I went here for dinner with my husband and our dining experience was fantastic.  I can't stop raving about this place, as the decor is lovely.  Service was very attentive as well and the food was better than I'd hope for.  Currently their executive chef is Stephen from Top Chef DC and I was so thrilled to meet w/ him in person (as I'm the biggest fan of Top Chef).  He came over to our table and chatted w/ us.  He had great personality and we even took pictures together.  I would definately go back here again and would recommend this place for anyone visiting Las Vegas or staying at MGM!
3	Review on Happy Hour only:Went there 2 times.  First time was great.  The oysters were really delicious.  Shrimps were huge.  Not a fan of the lobster corndog.  Not much taste or flavor to it.  Mostly batter.  The calamary was good.Chicken skewers were tiny and nothing special.  4 stars.But the 2nd time was disappointing.  We ordered 18 oysters.  But some of the oysters were so small, they look like just a thin, black flaps drapped on the shell.  Zero body.  I would think most oyster bars would not dare to serve those and throw them straight to the trash.  I had to ask the wattress to replace them.  1 star.
4	"Yay! I'm a fan" ... of their yellowtail....They have THE BEST yellowtail EVER!I came here for my birthday recently because they had an employee birthday special thing going on. Made my reservation a week in advanced. When we arrived, they set up our table and sat us right away (me and my BF). They had a handwritten birthday card for me (aww!).The restaurant is smaller than I imagined, but it was nice. The tables are set up to accommodate large parties and then they had some pretty small tables. Our table was definitely too small for us... oh well.We started off ordering 2 different appetizers. The raw and marinated sampler. (3 items) and the bbq one (or something like that with the lamb skewers). And of the 6 items, the yellowtail was definitely the best! The other raw items were good as well, the lamb was a bit dry. And the other bbq items weren't great.I LOVED the bread and different spreads for it. I thought it tasted and even smelled amazing... but my bf said it smelled like Crisco. But whatever, I liked it. There was like hummus and 2 other choices to go with the bread.For the main course, I ordered paella. Which was the server's favorite and they said it was one of the most popular items. It had rabbit and quail and stuff in it. Also sausage, mussels, clams, and other stuff. I thought it was okay, not that great. Maybe I am just not a fan of paella. the BF ordered fish, which was cooked very well.For dessert, the chocolate cake. Which was also decorated for my birthday. The little touches really make a difference to me. So even though the main course wasn't the best, I had a great time here. Everything else was great. And the service was good too.The main reason I actually wanted to dine at SeaBlue was for their lobster corn dogs. Which we didn't end up getting... bummer. But that is 1/2 price for their happy hour (weekdays 5p-7p) along with $1 oysters and $1 shrimps. So I'll probably go back soon for HH and just hang out at the bar.From my experience, I would give this place 3 stars. But the yellowtail bumps it to 4 stars :)
5	I came here with a friend for dinner on a Sunday evening and though we had a reservation we didn't need one.  There were only a few parties dining which had me a little worried.  But, we ended up absolutely loving our meal and the service!The starter bread and dipping sauces (there were three kinds) were a great beginning.  Their appetizers are grouped by category and you can pick and choose individual appetizers or try a tasting of a category.  We had the:* RAW & MARINATED TASTING- Scallop ceviche with tomato, citrus and avocado- Yellowtail jack crudo with spicy shiitake mushrooms and ponzu- Tuna tartare with pocket bread, pine nuts and pomegranateHonesty, I can't pick which is my favorite of the three because they were all delicious!  Perfect flavors and beautiful presentation.  The pocket bread was grilled flatbread and toasted slices of bread...great for finishing up their dipping sauces too! * FRIED & CRUSTED TASTING - Chicken and chorizo empanada, saffron and garlic- Lobster corn dogs with whole grain mustard creme fraiche- Crab stuffed piquillo peppers with smoked jalapeno aioliAlso a very good trio.  Not greasy and it didn't feel too heavy at all.For our mains, I had the POMPANO, a flat fish from Florida which I have not tried before.  My friend had the LOUP DE MER (SPANISH BASS), which our server recommended.  Both were excellent, cooked over their woodburning grill.  They came with minimal sauce so that the flavor of the fish could really shine.  Each dish was served with chickpea and lentil rice, jumbo asparagus and citrus relish.  The portion was just the right amount for me after having an appetizer.For dessert, we split the SEASONAL ICE CREAM, which is three scoops of their available flavors.  We had a choice of vanilla, cinnamon and/or caramel - all made in-house.  We opted for the first two and my friend asked if our third could be rocky road since we saw that it came with another dessert.  Our server checked with the chef and brought it out for us.  The ice cream was fantastic, especially the cinnamon!  We were only disappointed in the size of the scoops, which were about the size of a golf ball!  Other than that a great meal.
4	I'm ignorant.  I'd never even heard of Michael Mina before I came here.  I'm glad I did.  We had a great time, excellent food and service.  Maybe a bit on the pricey side, but hey we're in Vegas! Had the Seafood "Paella", which was awesome! Lots of seafood -- very tasty.  Their "Make your own" salad was a novelty, but I could only blame myself if it didn't come out perfect.
3	Went to SeaBlue for the first time during happy hour. While the food quality was good, the happy hour menu was misleading. Instead of telling you the total price for a half-dozen oysters or shrimp, they list the price for EACH individual oyster or shrimp, in an effort to deceive you until the bill arrives. Purely out of principle alone, I refuse to go back. Restaurants like that are common in Vegas, so be forewarned!
3	I really liked the "make your own salad" option. The naan bread to start was AMAZING. Other than that, this is pretty standard seafood. I know it's Vegas where everything is overpriced, but this is still pricey for what you get. The $50 tasting menu is probably the best bang for buck, and the seafood paella is good but not great. Nothing on the menu really stood out for me, and I probably wouldn't eat here again.
1	I cannot say enough about how awful our experience was.  We went there for a birthday celebration.  Had the VIP desk at the Bellagio make the reservation.  The restaurant wasn't really full, we arrived on time and still had to wait 10 minutes to be seated.   That is when the waiting began.  The waitress assumed the whole table was having wine, when half of us were drinking cocktails. So it took about 30 minutes to get the wine and cocktails to the table.  There were 8 of us and 7 of us ordered the custom made salads.  It took 25 minutes for them to arrive.  When we complained to the manager, he said that it only took 15 minutes.  I have a stopwatch on my watch and set the timer after we had waited for 5 minutes.  By the time 10 o'clock rolled around, we were done.  Still no food.  Let's just say, it wasn't a pretty scene.  The manager was really argumentative and unpleasant.  The waitress was nice, but poorly trained and had no support.  The bread was great - perhaps the entrees would have been good as well.  We'll never know.  The next night we went to "the Fix" at the bellagio - the food AND the service were fabulous.
5	2 words:  Happy Hour!I had the wonderful opportunity to dine here on my trip to Vegas in '08.  There were 2 memorable dishes from that dinner 2 years ago:  The Chilean sea bass AND.........wait for it...........the lobster corn dogs!!Yeah I know it sounds unusual, but they are so tremendously GOOD!  So, of course, going back to savor the lobster corn dogs was on my "to do" list.  Thankfully they were part of the discounted food items on the happy hour menu.Oh yes, regarding happy hour:  Happy hour is Sunday through Friday 530-700pm.  You have the option of sitting in the lounge area just beyond the check-in desk, or you can sit at the bar as well.  My friend and I were lucky there were seats at the bar on this visit since the lounge are was totally packed.  Since there weren't very many drink specials, we both ordered wine and were helped by one of them most friendly, outgoing, and happy bartenders we've ever met!  Besides the lobster corn dogs, the other item we tried was the salt and pepper calamari, which was very good as well.Bottom Line:  I'll be coming back for more happy at Happy Hour!
5	Tried the $49 tasting menu with the bf:Appetizers: 1. Steamed clams - This was one of my favorites of the course. The sauce was just TO DIE FOR. The garlic and the butteryness with the clams...MM MM good. They give you a piece of garlic bread to dip in the remaining sauce. This was kind of burnt in my opinion, but my bf gobbled it right up. 2. Yellowtail - Almost as good as the clams. pretty darn delicious.Entree:1. Seafood Paella - Now, I had no idea what in the hell a "paella" was. I even mispronounced it! haha embarrassing. When I got it, it was totally not what I expected. The presentation was cool, with a ti-pee like cover. The meal tasted really scrumptious and healthy. It's pretty hard to make something tasty AND healthy. It's every kind of seafood you can imagine in here, perfect for seafood lovers like me :D2. Flat iron steak - This was honestly one of the best steaks I've had in a while. No frills, cooked perfectly as asked (medium rare). It comes on a bed of mashed potatoes and giant asparagus spears. I believe the third option was some sort of grill fish.Dessert:This was the only thing that was a bit disappointing from the tasting menu. Not because it tasted bad, but because there was only one option. Their one option was a Peanut Butter Mousse. I usually never order peanut butter flavored things so I wish they had 2 or 3 options like they did with the entree and appetizer. With that said, it was pretty good for what it was. The BF really liked it a lot. The ice cream that came with the mousse made it more edible for me. Overall, it was a great experience at a restaurant in Vegas. For a meal where all 3 courses were great tasting and filling, I feel the price was worth it. Also, I was a bit intimidated since the place looked more fancy than the usual places I go to (I never know if i should dress up more), but there were people in there with sweaters and flip flops. Big thumbs up!
4	Really good food, great service.  For appetizers we split oysters and lobster corndogs, I probably wouldn't repeat the lobster corn dogs, they were nothing to write home about.  I had the scallops, which were some of the best I've had in ages.  Being from Maryland,  I wasn't sure seafood in the desert would be able to compare to what I'm used to, but these were fresher than some I've had at home.  Dessert was a bananas foster creme brulee, it was a little weird because the bananas were cold and the creme brulee was warm, I wasn't crazy about that, but it was still good.
4	This was my favorite restaurant (vs. Puck's and Craftsteak) on a recent trip. I had the Paella and it was insanely tasty. We were a semi-unruly group and the service was great. It's an expensive place, but for seafood, I wasn't offended by the prices.
5	Dear Mr. Michael Mina,After a few days laying in my death bed consuming nothing but bland and lifeless food, I've anticipated for a dining experience I could compensate for the past few days.So I ordered the, stone crabs, lobster, clams, mussels, oysters, 14 of your 20 appetizers, several entrees and I thank you for the fabulous experience. But I thank you most for the Lamb "T-BONE"!
5	I had the privilege of coming to Sea Blue, knowing that my meal would be complimentary, so this review is based purely on taste and restaurant excellence :)We received almost every appetizer on the menu, you MUST get the raw seafood platter, which had raw oysters, clams, king crab, AND lobster ceviche. The lobster corn dogs, are must haves too!Of course, our eyes were too big for our stomachs, and we could barely finish our entrees. But we LOVED the king crab and lobster. I would recommend trying something else though, if you're planning on getting the seafood platter appetizer, so that you get to try other things on the menu!And lastly, we got four desserts for four people. :P In order of tastiness, the special of the night (some sort of super fancy ice cream filled with warm chocolate filling and a yummy pastry, banana creme brulee, profiteroles (with rocky road ice cream), and then little chocolate truffles, (not so much a fan of those).And then, we were done for the night, as expected :POh, and the service was beyond excellent. I barely had my utensils/plates down before they came with new ones, between every course!
4	Had a very nice meal here, but the whole Vegas "fancy restaurant in a glorified-strip-mall-inside-of-a-casino" thing just makes for a very odd experience.  Food is lovely, service is excellent, restaurant design is classy, but you will not forget that you are in Vegas, unfortunately.(Extra bizarre was the couple next to us in the matching holiday snowman sweatshirts that was able to order a bunch of vacuum-packed seafood to go after their meal - what was that all about?!?)
5	We hosted a business dinner here during CES in January for 40+ guests and I have to say, it was really spectacular. I arrived an hour+ early in order to meet with the wait staff and the manager and supervise the room set-up. Since it's a Michael Mina restaurant, it comes with a certain amount of expectation in terms of the food, presentation and service, and everything lived up to it.We had a staff of 3-4 servers depending on the course, and you can bet that if a team of servers can satisfy a really large party in a private room, they can do wonders if you're just looking for a great place to eat for a reasonable number of people in or around the MGM Grand.We had the cold seafood platter to start, followed by the lobster bisque and a choice of fish, chicken or steak + salad, and i was really impressed. They did a great job with all of the dishes and kept everyone's wine and water glasses filled. They even made me a specialty dessert (which I had scant time to even touch) since I couldn't eat the one that had been pre-ordered for the group. Nice touch.Bottom line: I'd host a large party here again in a heartbeat, and hope to have an opportunity to eat here again on a more casual, somewhat less stressful occasion.
2	The first time I came to SeaBlue was mid-2010, I think. My posse was up in one of our suites, waiting on the girls to get ready. I sat down and had some oysters. Then some more. And then some more. Man, those were some good oysters!Eventually, I decided to just order dinner - it was some kind of tastings menu? I remember chopped sashimi, pine nuts, vinegrette, a few other things. It was fantastic and I made a mental note to make sure I came back the next time I was in Vegas.Fast-forward to a couple of weeks ago. Back at the MGM Sig again, with a date and some friends. Back to SeaBlue, which was unfortunately no longer doing the tastings set. No big, surely the rest of their dinner menu would be of equal quality! We ordered several appetizers - four different ones, as I recall. They were tiny (a bite-ish per appetizer, maybe 4 to a plate), and not terribly flavorful. This includes the mini lobster things. When dinner came by, I had some kind of fish stew served over rice, which was mediocre at best. My buddy  Charlie had their steak and it looked okay; his wife had some kind of Firecracker Lobster, and it looked pretty good? When it comes down to it, it just wasn't worth the money spent - there are far better restaurants in Vegas. They did have a nice variety of oysters, so I suppose I'd recommend you chill at the bar and have some oysters and a beer, but don't bother with the meals. If you want sushi/sashimi I would recommend Social House, but I have not been to their new location in the Aria. It was absolutely glorious when still housed in Treasure Island.
2	Started out great - super helpful and friendly waiter who made some great recommendations on the menuChicken liver crostini delicious. Naan bread and different humous divine. Started to go downhill rapidly:- Pistachios included on salad of dining companion despite my explanation of full-blown Epi--pen required anaphylactic shock pistachio allergy- Our bottle of champagne was put in ice bucket (good) but not brought over to our table very regularly (bad) - had to go get it ourselves- Check took maybe 15 minutes to come to table and nowhere to sign room # etc. Took another 15 minutes to flag down waiter. So overall - good food, be prepared to wait, be careful if you have a serious food allery
4	Came here for happy hour.  Oysters for $1, cocktail shrimps for $1, lobster roll for $7.50 (half off), calamari and chicken skewers for a few dollars.  The latter two weren't very good but the lobster rolls were good and the oysters and cocktail shrimps were worth it.  Service is good as the waitress checked in on us often.
5	Amazing! Our experience here could not have been better. (Both times)THE SHORT VERSION: 5 stars for service, 5 stars for seafood, 5 stars for the decor, 4.5 stars for price, 4 stars for the upbeat modern music being played a little too loud at the bar.If you are going for something other than fish...go to craftsteak down the hallway.Go early for the $1 oysters and 1/2 price appetizers, but you have to sit in the bar area. After you finish cash out go back to the Host stand and get a dinner table for amazing service.Don't let the hotel location and tourists fool you, this is excellent seafood. IN DETAIL:I am very price sensitive when critiquing every restaurant. And i always compare them apples to apples, so my review of SeaBlue is based against other seafood restaurants in prime locations. It isn't being judged against water front fish house in key west. It is obviously supposed to be very expensive here due to it's location (Inside the MGM), it's notoriety (a Michael Mina restaurant), and the quality of the ingredients (flown in regularly). However, I am rounding up to 5 stars from 4.5. This is based on the 2 times I've eaten here. I still think there is some room on the menu to add some seafood options at a lower price point and have Chef Mina and Executive Chef Stephen Hopcraft create a couple of entrees in the $25 range and let us see what you can do with a lesser quality fish. (Of course the sea-bass is great...it's sea-bass, but what can you do with a cod, or a whitefish, or catfish.) Our meal was $73 after tax, before tip, without wine or appetizer. However, with that said, I feel our meal here was incredible when considering I am in the middle of the desert.We both opted for a fish entree. I had the Loup de Mar, which is a Mediterranean Sea bass served over rice with a grapefruit garnish. My date had the Bacon wrapped Sea Bass served with butter beans and steamed clams in a white broth that I can't recall. Both were flaky and tender with a perfectly crisp outer skin. The loup de mar has a great oily taste which just melted together with the crisp skin, perfect use of salt, and a light squeeze of the grapefruit. Each entree was $34. Which is reasonable considering the above mentioned factors and the assorted bread basket which came pre-meal with a baked crispy pita bread accompanied by a dipping trio of hummus (garlic, red pepper, and guessing the green was a pesto). However, 70% of the time I have eaten at the fine dining strip restaurants I've received some sort of amuse bouche during the salad portion. I guess now I just somewhat expect it when the average entree tops the $30 mark.Our server was amazing we are both in our 20's the table near us was a group of 6 in their 40's pairing wine with each course. In theory each guest should be treated the same...I disagree. He acclimated himself to each table. After introducing himself our server immediately started asking us questions. "Are you attending a show this evening or will you be taking your time with dinner?" "Are you familiar with the terms you see on the menu, and if not what can I tell you about?" After feeling us out he saw that we were laid back and only there for a simple but quality pre-show dinner. From that point on he attended to us as such. Friendly and personable but brief and to the point. I took his suggestion of the Loup de Mar which was the most inexpensive entree. I mentioned the oysters, but let him know that I was used to gulf oysters...rather than hard selling me he told me to return the next day if I wanted to try them because there was a happy hour from 5:30 to 7 every day with $1 oysters and other discounted appetizers. (This lead to my second visit.) At no time did we feel second class because we weren't on an expense account.I went back the next day on his suggestion and got my dozen oysters, while my date had the lobster corndogs (good but gimicky and I would never order them except at 1/2 price happy hour). This is truly a gem of a find for locals who don't want to pay $14-$20 for an oysters I could get for $10/dozen elsewhere in the country.
2	The first thing we started to notice was just how slow these people were.  Even when we explained to the waiter that things seemed like they are taking a long time it didn't get much better.  This is nothing more than an over-priced seafood joint.  I had the scallops which amounted to what looked like 3 half-dollar scallops in some sort of sauce that was sour.  Three bites later and your meal is gone.  Overall the portions were very small and I actually left hungry even after having desert.  This place is all flash and no punch.  Go elsewhere.
4	Best seafood I've had in Vegas.  Got the sea bass with lentils and my wife got salmon.  Restaurant has a cool aquarium and water features.  Service was excellent. Cant wait to go back!
3	a very good 3.5 stars!
4	MM is the man!  This was my first trip to the restaurant and it was a good experience.  I had a nice sampling of fresh seafood, lobster bisque with a beautiful filet.  The filet was the star of the show.  I would definitely go back to sample more.  Any chef advocating the farm to table movement is doing it right!
5	Was in Vegas again this past weekend and went back to Seablue.  Got the seabass again it was different than last time but it was incredible.  They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.  Even though I was stuffed, I ended up getting the lemon cake for desert and it was OK.   But the seabass and naan bread up this place to 5 stars.
5	We decided to use our 2nd free seasonal tasting dinner for 2 here after having such a great dinner at American Fish.  Both owned by Michael Mina and this one was really good too.  Again thanks to our teammates for taking down the Yelpmazing race once again and thanks to Misti and MGM for such an awesome hook up!Assuming the tasting would be kinda like Fiamma where it would be a set thing...the server informed us that they didn't have a seasonal menu anymore.  So we could pick any 2 tapas, split a Seablue salad, filet mignon and sea bass for entrees and then we would figure out dessert later.  Sounded a-ok to us!!The naan that came with red pepper hummus, spicy hummus and a feta dip was a welcome surprise over the traditional bread/butter bowl.  It was really hard to tear ourselves away from it realizing we had to pace ourselves if we didn't want to just box the entrees to go without taking a bite of it.  If they're letting us choose the tapas...OFCOURSE we're picking the most expensive ones!!  The prawn cocktail "a la minute" was 5 perfect shrimp poached in ocean water on a bed of seaweed and ice.  The poaching gave it a real nice tenderness to the prawns you normally don't get in a cocktail. Next appetizer was the lobster fritter.  3 kinda corndoggy/kaboby deep fried pieces of lobster with bacon and an upscale mayonnaise type sauce on lettuce.  I could've eaten at least 10 more.  That good.  Really!!Seablue salad was nice and light.  The serrano ham and radish gave it great flavor.Entrees were great.  To our surprise, we both preferred the filet mignon over the seabass.  They also gave us 2 sides..crushed potatoes and steamed spinach.  Totally unexpected!So...much..food...what's the smallest dessert you have??  Profiteroles...rocky road ice cream in a chocolate crusted nut ball.  WOW!The seasonal menus were priced at $49 per person but we ended up getting almost $150 worth.  The entrees still tasted great 2 days later :)My only gripe is that this is listed as a "romantic" restaurant.  I wholeheartedly disagree.  Too loud, kinda cramped and the music fits group dining over couples.
5	Thee best oysters I have ever had. Being the poor schmuck that I am. I had happy hour at Michael Mina's Seablue. There happy hour is oooooh so affordable.We had the lobster corndogs *delicious*, 18 raw oysters at an amazing buck a piece *drool*, calarmari *eeeh pretty typical* and a pitcher of sangria *it was okay not amazin*. For happy hour this place is awesome. We loved it, too bad we missed late night happy hour at his other restuarant Nob Hill Tavern. They turned us away at 11:48 even though they were suppose to have happy hour till 12.It was a pleasure definitely.
4	A Michael Mina Restaurant - seriously whats not to like?!The place was pretty busy so we decided to sit at the lounge area and order from the Tapas selection.I had a berry sangria which was amazingly refreshing! ~ 5 stars!The complimentary Naan Bread with a trio of dips (Hummus, Creme Fraiche and red curry) was really tasty, the bread was warm and soft.Lobster fritters($16) - absolutely delicious! These yummies were wrapped in a smokey bacon and had a light breading like panko. The bacon wasnt overpowering and you could still taste the lobster, served with a citrus creme fraiche!Tasting of Artisanal Hams ($18) -  plate had some Jamon Iberico and Lomo - definitely good. I wished that they added some variety of cheese to this plate maybe a Manchego. Service was fast and friendly! I'd love to eat here again :-)
4	We stopped by without any reservation for a bite before attending a concert at the MGM Grand, we were offered a table at the bar area which turned out to be perfect for our conversation and people watching; classic Michael Mina small bites, well spiced and excellent seafood entrees, even the bread with three dippings were so good, adequet wine selections from around the world, we loved everything we ordered......make sure you try the stuffed calamari, it's absolutely delicious.
4	Enjoyed the grilled sea bass which was very tasty!  Nice quiet atmosphere in crazy Vegas!
4	[Brian's take on star ratings (restaurants): 5 - I'd request my last meal from here and service was spectacular, 4 - A shortcoming or two but still fabulous, 3 - Not my cup of tea but definitely may be someone else's, 2 - I would not return here, 1 - Not only was the food bad but the service was poor.] Let's just get this out of the way: the only reason this place doesn't get my 5 stars is because of the HUGE disparity between Happy Hour prices & not. Dear God.I ate here for dinner after a particularly terrible check-in to the MGM Grand (1 star review pending) & was already in a foul mood. However, all was forgiven after my first bite. The food here is divine. I don't remember specifics because of de facto Vegas inebriation having kicked in by meal time, but the 4 main dishes we ordered were amazing. The staff is phenomenal (thanks to Tina for complimenting my fiance's engagement ring multiple times!), the food was cooked perfectly, & nary a soul at my table had anything bad to say. If you've read my other reviews, you know I'm a seafood lover, & this place delivers the goods. Tab was around $340 for 4 people, including drinks and ton o' oysters.THEN, we ate there again later that weekend for Happy Hour. Holy sheesh, hello $120 bill despite ordering more oysters/drinks/food. Fine, restaurants have Happy Hour for a reason, but a $220 difference? Yowza.Don't let that deter you from eating here at any time of day though. Food was definitely worth every penny in both scenarios. I've never heard of Michael Mina but damned if I wouldn't high-5 him if I ever met him.
4	Pita + spreads at table- excellentLamb sliders- very goodTiny potato side - very goodLobster fritters- very good Profiteroles- excellent
5	not gonna lie, i dont know how there food is but there happy hour $1 oysters ROCKS!! i could eat the oysters all day! the calamari dish for hh is whatever. not really that delicious or anything. didn't try the chicken but there smelt fries is pretty good. smet fish wrappped in wonton-like wrapper. also had their $15 hh sangria. EH, not worth it to me. just get there oysters, its a bomb deal. and they have shrimp cocktail for $1/ea. WHOO!!
5	We went overboard. We ordered damn near 2/3 of the tapas menu (including -- so random -- lamb sliders); naan bread with spreads; 12 oysters and 12 poached prawns, the Alaskan king crab; the smelt fries; the Seablue salad (with Serrano ham); the black truffle macaroni dish; and four desserts -- to say nothing of the champagne and port we drank, and whatever I forgot. (It pays to go during happy hour, peeps.)I was apprehensive about the oysters. I'd never had them before and everything about them -- and the places they're usually served -- seemed sketchy. (I am nothing if a cautious eater.) But with some coaching and some fancy condiments, I downed about four of them without grimacing. I think having them first at Seablue put me at ease, but it also spoiled me, as I can't imagine them being this palatable at the next place I dare eat them. My favorite was the king crab, which needed nothing added to it. Just the most flavorful and appetizing crab meat I've ever consumed. That macaroni dish was something else, too. The consistency of the pasta is almost as good as it is at Scarpetta. Nothing sucked. Nothing came even close to sucking. One of the best meals ever. Michael Mina, I am smitten.
5	Between this restaurant and Stonehill Tavern in Orange County I think I'm finally able to forgive Michael Mina for a less than stellar meal at his namesake restaurant at the Bellagio. We made reservations for a Thursday night before a long weekend expecting it to be packed. Though not dead either, noise was never an issue. Service was spot on. We shared fresh raw oysters and the lobster fritters. Both dishes were amazing. I loved how many accompaniments came with the oysters. I don't love lobster but these little gems were amazing!For my entree I had the grilled sea bass. Incredible piece of fish. Good sized portion. I loved the sauce it came with - good heat and full flavor. On our waiter's recommendation we shared the black truffle cavatelli as one of our sides (though it's on the appy menu). Good flavor but the oils had separated. The grilled asparagus was super fresh.We ordered wine a la carte. We hardly ever eat dessert but couldn't resist the toasted coconut cheesecake bites. Wow... delicious.The whole meal came in around the $250 mark. Not bad for a) Vegas and b) an incredible meal with super fresh seafood. I will definitely go to Seablue again. Highly recommend!
3	I just had to leave an updated review because when I went back to Seablue a few weeks ago they had changed their menu all around and the "build-you-own-salad" concept I previously raved about was gone. It seemed the restaurant had become more tapas-style and the food was okay but not as great as our earlier visits. At this point I would opt for Emeril's across the hallway instead...  However, there are so many restaurants in one place at MGM, you can probably stroll around and look at several different menus to see what suits your tastes before settling on one.
4	First time dining here.  Heard much about Michael Mina.  Place was pretty empty at 6pm on a Friday night.  Food was a absolute 10, but the wait service was a 2.  I must say the buser was fantastic.  Our server was too chatty about nothing and was not helpful in making choices. Drinks went dry often this night, we would getr so partched.Fod was fabulous. Appetizer octopus and smelt fries were tasty and inovative.  The angry lobster and grilled scallops were perfect.  Spicy lobster on a bed of fideo with baby leeks, artichokes and fennel.  The scallops were so tender just warmed through.
5	I always stop by this restaurant when I go to Vegas. They open at 5:30 for dinner so if you are watching KA or something, it can be a really tasty and quick dinner before the show. On to the foodScallop Calamari was delicious, no sauce, it was already perfectCrab Cakes good, had better, but still goodThey recommend the seabass and it did not disappoint but I believe that the skin on the fish should be more crunchy.I had the White Prawn Scampi, and the presentation was very good, they bring the plate out and pour it for you. They also give you jumbo shrimps and not those small ones. The bread, you have to ask for it but you will not regret it. It is more of like an Indian Tortilla so they give you 3 different sauces to dip it in, but it is very good and they make it fresh for each table therefore you have to ask for it in the beginning.
5	Love their happy hour
5	Awesome!!!!! Great quality, good drinks, and a sexy atmosphere forces a 5 star outta me! It was also very convenient, as we were staying at the MGM. Walked right in on a Sunday evening and wad seated right away. We did get salads and drinks and then fish and spinach for dinner.
3	We ended up going here with credited food voucher and were told they had great seafood options. Highly recommend the fish and chips, though the Chilean Sea bass was far better at Sushi Samba at the Palazzo. The bread with pita was great and the complimentary anniversary sorbet was a delicious mango/passion fruit, though quite tiny but a very nice gesture.The service: I felt it was rude of them to seat us right near the doorway at first and facing the mall with shops, considering we came right at opening and there was plenty of seating, especially at the booths. We had to complain and only then did they relocate us to a more "intimate" table.  I found service to be quite slow in taking our order as there was hardly anyone there and they were just off to the side chatting with one another.We seemed to have waited for over 45min for our food to arrive and it wasn't until 30min later that we even received a complimentary bread bowl that other tables had order gotten after coming in after us. Overall, we enjoyed some of the food but the service was just too slow and uninterested in taking care of us for the prices they were charging. The only thing I would return for would be the fish and chips which had a very nice tartar sauce that came on the side.
4	Great gem that I wouldn't mind going back to on visits to Vegas.For starters, we had scallop calamari and crab cakes. Scallop calamari was fantastic with the delicious sauce it was topped off with. I'm normally not a calamari person either, but I could not stop eating this dish! The crab cakes were so-so, something I would pass on in the future. After our appetizers we got freshly baked pita accompanied with a trio of sauces. We had to ask for this as they told us it was made to order. So make sure to ask for it as it does not disappoint (we were not charged for this either although it was "ordered"). For my entree, I got the apricot -fired lemon chicken with arugula and sourdough. Amazing! It was filled with flavor and the sourdough were freshly cut into croutons and were just amazing in taste. The rest of the table got the sea bass and the mahi, I believe. Both were delicious. Another got the shrimp scampi which was presented table side, it too was delicious. Overall, great food and attentive service.
5	Seablue was really a treat, thank you yelp for helping me find it. The ambience is tranquil and sleek with illuminated cascading water fountains that make up the perimeter. We decided to a series of small plates (appetizers) instead of the entrees which are a bit more traditional in selection. The meal began with seasoned crisps and a trio of creamy feta, red pepper dip and hummus. The caesar was good, the soft shell crab was more of a salad taster (a lot going on); but my favorites were the stuffed prawns and the lobster puff.Finally the freshly made mini chocolate bon bons were to die for! 4 appetizers and 1 glass of wine came to $100 after tax and tip. Not bad for the strip and an excellent dining experience.Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
3	If this review was based solely on the food, it would get 5-stars. The food is delicious. I went with 4 other friends and we all ordered appetizers and loved them. They weren't huge portions but they were big enough for appetizers. The food is expensive, but the quality is worth it.If this review was for service, it would get 1 star. We sat down when the restaurant opened at 5:30 and told the waitress that we need to catch a 7:00 show. She assured us that it would not be a problem. We waited 20 minutes for our drink order and even then we had to flag down another server to let her know again that we were in a rush and ready to order. When ordering we asked for a few seperate checks and instead of either answering yes or no, the waitress gave a lecture on the difficulty of doing that and why it may take ten minutes extra. Our food did not come out togethor and one friend finished her whole plate before anyone else got their food. After we ate we waited a long time to get our checks and flagged someone else down again. I would understand if it was busy, but we were one of 2 tables in the whole restaurant. In the end we were 10 minutes late for our show.
3	Wonderful food, horrible service.4 girls and I came here before they went to see a show. We told the waitress this and she assured us they would make it. She then proceeded to ignore us, give us a hard time for separate checks, leave off one of my dishes so that I got it when everyone else was done eating, and mix up the items on the checks. We had to flag her down or ask other waitstaff several times for the check and to order. The restaurant wasn't busy, as we were one of 2 tables. This place ain't cheap. The least expensive items on the menu are the side dishes for $10; most dishes were in the $20 - $40 range. I don't mind paying that much for high quality, well-made food, but fine dining places with upscale ambiances and quality food usually go along with stellar service. Not here. As for the food, we ordered the crab-stuffed prawns, lobster "pop-tart," seafood poppers, prawn scampi, and macaroni and cheese. Portions were all pretty small, but everything was fresh and amazing. I wasn't wowed by the pop-tart, and my favorite was probably the scampi. The waiter arranged the prawns and sauce tableside, and the flavor of the sauce on the fresh fish and perfectly cooked pasta was incredible. All of the food was brought out at different times, so we couldn't really enjoy it together, but it was still great food.Full bar, and I highly recommend the "Adult Arnold Palmer" to drink. If they weren't $13 each, I'd keep sipping them all night.
2	My hubby and I were looking for some yummy seafood our last night in the city that never sleeps and I found Seablue on Yelp. I started out really excited about Seablue after reading through the menu, but regrettably the meal started on a high note but continually lost steam as it progressed. I was impressed with their happy hour menu, $3 drafts, $5 sangria, $1 fried oysters, And $2 raw oysters.  For those of you who follow me, you know I loves me some oysters, so I ordered a half-dozen.  The oysters had a great taste though I was not overly impressed with the shucking (I ended up chewing on a lot of shell). This is when everything went downhill.  We ordered the fritters, I would not recommend them.  They had NO flavor, I added horseradish and tabasco to no avail.  Next we had the lobster pop tart (puff pastry), the lobster was not of quality and it was super salty ( btw, I used to eat driveway salt as a child, so when I say it's too salty, it's a major problem).The clam chowder fondu was actually impressive and I liked the novelty of the fondue.  This was the only thing I ordered, besides the oysters, that I liked.  I also had the truffle Mac N Cheese, which tasted like I was drinking truffle oil and the scalloped potatoes, which were not passable.  My husband had the surf and turf, though the lobster was sub-par we both enjoyed the filet.   Overall, the idea of the food makes my mouth water.  Mac N Cheese with some truffle oil?  Yes!  Lobster with puff pastry?  Yes!  But the restaurant just didn't deliver and I sat there scratching my head at the rave reviews I read.  With all the amazing restaurants back home my hubby and I frequent I was so disappointed that we spend $160 on food that I barely ate.  Bad Vegas, Bad!
1	I found the worst place on The Strip, I think.We walk around waiting for happy hour, drawn in by the Sangria. We get seated in the bar......and wait...Then get service, that was largely curt and not friendly. That's fine, we're in the bar.Food was mediocre. Ordered the falafel fritters which were bland and devoid of anything resembling falafel. Sangria was ok. Wife ordered the Octopops and said the only part worth mentioning was the aioli with coriander.I would have ordered more, but after 10 minutes with an empty drink I got tired of waiting.This is the first time in well over 10 years I've never left a tip. 10 minutes is inexcusable. I wrote down why no tip though, so I guess she did get a tip."No service for 10 minutes = no tip!"
5	LOVED this place. It's gorgeous, the food is modern, creative, and was seriously some of the best we've ever had. The service was amazing. Again, LOVED IT.
4	Went for happy hour. Tried fresh oysters $12/6 not bad, deep fried oysters $6/6 meh, deep fried chicken skewers $5/3 okay, Octopops $5 excellent.It's 3 stars for the food,  Bumped it up to 4 stars for the happy hour priciing. Next time I'll go and just get the Octopops, maybe an order of raw oysters to go along with it.. Fun and inexpensive. Get there early to be sure you get a seat.
1	Bad Service - Worse Food!!!We ordered a cold seafood plate for a starter and it was really good, fresh, and delicious. All except for the raw clams. That's right raw clams. Putrid doesn't even explain how terrible they were. When the waiter asked me how the food was i told him everything was great except the clams. Instead of asking if he could get me something else he looked at me as if I didn't speak English and then shrugged his shoulders and walked away.   We both ordered steak and lobster for dinner and I have to say that it was not even 1/2 as Red Lobster or even the Outback. but of course it cost twice as much. The lobster tails were the smallest I've ever seen I've had a shrimp that were bigger. I would have been more disappointed except it was cooked horrendously, so I was glad it was only 2 bites. By bad I mean it  was flavorless, mushy, and room temperature when it came to the table. The steak was supposed to be tenderloin medium rare. I don't know where they get there beef but I've cooked a better steak from Safeway than they served. it was overcooked, cold and chalky and horrible. I would have sent it back but after my first exchange with the waiter I just chalked it up to experience and vowed to never visit another Michael Mina restaurant as long as I live.Oh Yeah for $240
4	went here for a bdai dinner n to my dismay the items yelpers rave about aren't on the menu and haven't been served in years....the items we did try tho were goodstarter bread (Free): it comes w/3 dipping sauces which were pretty good...the bread itself is seasoned too so it's delicious on it's ownwhite sangria: taste like juice :) $25 (pitcher)sangria (red): there's ginger in here in case u don't like it Prawn Scampi: $34 the noodles are made from scratch and it's seriously so delicious!! Pretty amazing presentation too cuz they spoon it onto ur plate in front of u(Lobster) Pop Tart $12: This was overly salty ...huge disappointmentSeablue Burger: $20: the fries are whatever n the burger is good but nothing specialCrushed Potatoes $10 wow....chunky, smooth, and delicious...some of the best mashies i've ever had since we kame for a bdai they also gave FREE passion fruit truffles (house made) which were pretty darn goodour server also knew the menu well and gave excellent service...we never needed to ask for anything
3	I was excited to try this place because I haven't been to any Michael Mina restaurants before but in all honesty the food was a bit of a letdown.  Don't get me wrong, the food was good but I was expecting "great" because Mina's name is attached to this restaurant.  Overall, what I can say about this place is that it was "nothing special."  The only special thing about this restaurant was the starter pita breads that came with 3 dipping sauces.  I ordered the surf and turf and at $59 I was expecting something great.  What I got was a decent filet mignon with an OK side of lobster.  The waitress also didn't ask me if my steak was cooked correctly and had the right temperature which I assumed was just a standard question they ask at these high-end restaurants.  We ordered a side of truffled mac and cheese which was good but the caesar salad was again, nothing special.  Overall a good but boring meal.
4	Seablue is a really nice restaurant.  Excellent starters, our entrees were outstanding, great wine seletion and the desert was the tops.Service was excellent from start to finish.I will be back...
2	**UPDATE: A server who was previously mentioned in my review contacted me, so now who our server was is up for contention. I went by the name on our receipt, but whatever...the rest of the review remains unchanged.**Damn it, Seablue...your food was so tasty, but your service blows chunks...Were I to rate this place solely on the food, it would have been easily a 4-4.5-star experience. We walked in and were seated right away. We got our drinks pretty quickly, but that is where the goodness stopped. The server, I believe his name was [redacted] (don't know for sure since he never introduced himself), was kind of rude when my husband asked if they had any specials that night. Apparently they print their menus daily and all of the dishes are on there. Sorry, [redacted], that we don't know the mundane details of your place of employment.Once we ordered, [redacted] said that he would be bringing out bread, but oddly, the bread came out after all of our appetizers had arrived. However, the flat bread and the three sauces they provide are really good.We shared both a Caesar salad and the Poppers. The salad was pretty good, though nothing to write home about. The poppers consisted of rare hamachi and ahi on these crispy disks served with ponzu sauce. They were really tasty, but you only get 3 tiny portions of each for $22. We felt that they were a tad bit overpriced.For my main course, I got the Prawns Scampi. They serve the prawns table-side so the whole thing looks really pretty. The flavors are spot-on, the prawns are cooked to perfection, and the fettucini was nice and al dente. In other words, there was not a bad bite on that plate.My husband got the Lemon Chicken and "Dumplings." the flavors on this plate were also really nice. The only complaint was that the chicken was a little dry. Other than that, no real complaints about this dish either. Aside from getting us refills, our server left is alone. Not a problem, except when your alone time once your food is cleared quickly escalates to well over 20 minutes (we started a timer after the first 10 minutes). Servers saw that our table had been cleared, yet no one came to ask if we wanted dessert or the check. We wanted a dessert at one point, but that quickly changed. The tables around us were always well taken care of, which only added to our annoyance. A lady, one of the managers I believe, even asked the diners next to us if they are having a nice time. All the while we were sitting there with a clear table, no server in sight. She saw us this way several times with no acknowledgement. Finally, my husband flags her down and informs her that our server has not been by in a while. She tried to jokingly say that it was because, "he didn't want us to leave." No offer to comp a dessert, nothing at all. Not cool. A few minutes later, our server arrives with the check (turns out he had been chatting it up by the bar with other workers). We paid and we did what we have never done - we left no tip. We felt bad because the auxiliary staff did their jobs well, but our server effed up, and he knew it. They all knew it, yet they all did nothing to mitigate the situation.It could have been a great dining experience, but wasn't. It's a shame really and completely unacceptable at any price-point, but especially at such an expensive eatery.
2	Food was ok, I had the chicken and Dumplings, chicken was dry and the dumplings undercooked, the flavors were good but the execution was bad. The service was good, for everyone around us, we got the short end of the stick. Im a very observant person, I people watch and notice things that other people dont. Our server decided to chat it up with the bar tender, a manager, other tables, and avoided doing his job. He was a bit of a smartass that seemed like he was above his job when he chose it, if you dont like it quit dumbass, you work for tips and think you deserve it when in reality he only takes the order and brings our drinks, other people actually bring our food, the least he can do is check in every 5-10 minutes.
2	Happy hour menu has changed for the worse. All good things must come to an end although still a decent happy hour.
4	A great place to come for happy hour. I had the oysters, shrimp and fries and they all hit the spot. A great place to stop after a day at the pool or at the tables.
3	Our party of nine went to Seablue for a birthday party.   We had reservations and were seated right away.  It was hard to carry a conversation as the music was loud.  Our server was great but the food was the reason for the okay score.  I feel that if you are going to demand those prices then ALL your food should be excellent.  Some food was great, yet some had no taste.The shitake mushrooms were very bland, as was the Surf and Turf Carpaccio.  The prawn scampi was very good.  Sorry Seablue,  there are many restaurants in Vegas that are much better.
4	I expected something pretty good -- and it was.   I don't know if I would go again though.
3	This place has a great seafood tower. The fish and chips are whatever....they're okayyyy. Not great but not terrible. I hear the steaks are the way to go here. Unfortunately, i was feeling a bit hungover, so I wasn't in the mood to eat anything heavy.  My friends who ordered steaks loved it tho.I think the best part of my meal was the complimentary flat bread that they provided. It was BANGING!!
2	I wanted to like Sea Blue because my friend spoke so highly of it and it was my first experience with a Michael Minna restaurant; per her recommendation I got the tasting menu. Despite this I felt the food was overall very mediocre and overpriced, but there was definitely a LOT of food to go around.The tasting menu was ~$100, and included items that were already on the menu. I was hoping for something more unique from the chef especially since nothing really stood out to me, but I kept an open mind.FREE PITA BREAD: The best part of the meal. Comes fresh baked out of the oven, chewy and super delicious with 3 types of hummus to dip!SEAFOOD PLATTER: Meh and double meh. The oysters were pretty fresh but not the best I've tasted. The real downer was the tasteless mignonette sauce which I felt didn't add any taste. The best part of the plate was the gigantic fresh shrimp cocktail, but I'm satisfied with the mass-quantity-shrimp-cocktail at the buffets too... I also realized that I think raw clams are disgusting. If you're really curious, save some money and come for happy hour to try this out for yourself.SIDE DISHES: One of the stars of the evening was the corn, because unlike most restaurants, the corn was very fresh. The creamed spinach and mashed potatoes were pretty good, but nothing to write home about. The only thing I really finished out of all the courses was the corn dish.SCALLOPS TUNA AND STEAK: The scallops tasted pretty fresh, but were not executed well or seasoned well - it was soft and mushy, and just boring. I had to add salt. Same for the seared ahi tuna, except worse. The steak was forgettable, we barely touched this dish.(not part of tasting menu) CHOCOLATE LAVA CAKE: Not that lava-y, and the cake fell apart kind of like styrofoam. It was surrounded by brandied cherries that would have tasted much better without any brandy, and topped with pistachio ice cream. I opted for the malt ice cream, which tasted like frozen sweet cream but not in a good way. Do not recommend.(not part of tasting menu) SILVER OAK WINE 05 Cab Sauv: I think their wine selection was pretty formidable. Silver Oak is pretty good, but my favorites are still Opus and Melbury.
5	We had our wedding reception dinner here. We had a family style prix fixe with an emphasis on seafood. Truly fantastic. Oysters, crab legs, etc. The family style was great, as everyone could try the perfectly cooked steak, scallops, or salmon (the chicken was fine, but everything else was significantly better). Service was also top notch. There were several people continually helping with each course and making adjustments (wait for the next course, bring the next one faster, etc.). At the end, there was a small mixup with the pricing but that was quickly resolved.
4	I had a great experience at Seablue! I thought the quality and freshness of the seafood was up to par with my expectations. My favorite would have to be the oysters. They were sweet, plump and so delicious. If it is in season, order raw oysters appetizers. Ordered the seafood platter and it was great. I was a little unhappy with the way they prepared the lobsters (almost like a fruit salad, had dressing on it). Took away from tasting the actual lobster. Sides: Truffle mac and cheese: sounds fancier than what it actually was. Thought the truffle taste was a little too overpowering, but right amount of cheeseLobster poptart: So good, its like a lobster strudel with lobster puree in it. Comes out flaky and hot. Scallops: fresh, delicious Seabass: a little plain
5	The service was fantastic and the salmon was to die for! Excellent experience all around.
3	We made reservations for 7pm on a friday night.  Hostess was quite pleasant and the whole reservation process was smooth.  We were seated way in the back in a far corner.  There were other tables available so I should have asked for a different spot.  They tried to seat another couple in the same corner but the couple scoffed at it and were seated elsewhere. Seablue has an extensive wine list and is priced commensurate with typical Las Vegas wine lists (overpriced). We did find pleasing choices in the by-the-glass list. We found that servers were quite knowledgeable with regards to the food and wine. Appetizers were beautifully presented and quite tasty. We initially felt our service was great until the kitchen took a LONG time and there was an extensive wait for our entrees. The store was not full so they weren't as busy as they could have been, and yet we had to wait about 30 minutes for our entrees.There were several desserts that sounded great but ended up tasting rather ordinary. The food tasted great so once you finally get your food there should be happiness. But, honestly, with so many outstanding food choices in Las Vegas, I probably won't be back.
5	This is the second time I've been to Sea Blue. The first time was about a year ago and I fell in L O V E with the lobster corn dogs. I dreamt of them. I had to go back for them. It was S O disappointing to hear they took this yumaliscious appetizer off the menu BUT there was no need to worry. Master Michael Mina never fails to impress the taste buds. The service was right on. Freddy our waiter knows the dishes on the menu intimately and gave us great recommendations. The evening started with Mina's scrumptious complimentary nan bread with spreads. It was a challenge to control ourselves and not devour the entire basket. The feta cheese with olive tampinade is my favorite spread.We had the Louisiana prawns (gigantic) stuffed high with Alaskan king crab for our appetizer...WOW! It was tasty (with those two components how could it be anything but?) and cooked perfectly. The tomato and bacon chopped salad was next. This was good but a little too heavy on the dressing for me.Freddy's  team then prepared a platter of sliced strip steak, pork, lobster, crab  served grilled asparagus, potatos and a beautiful corn with peppers. A whole lot of delicious food for four people but the we did well. All in all dinner was spectacular and a definety repeat!
3	This was the only restaurant that could get us in and out in time for our concert so we ate here. There were plenty of seats but they put all 4 of us on a tiny as heck table top bench which was kind of irritating but then they moved an extra table top over as there was no way a spread of any kind could fit. Good:ServiceFood was awesome!Bad:Said $4 more for bread which was lame as their was still fondueSeafood platter $65 is a rip off for what you getWe ordered too much like usual but it suprisingly was just under $200 and the $4 for the extra bread didnt show up which was good.
4	Had the best meal of my Vegas trip here and that's saying something since we also went to CraftSteak, Mesa, and Max Brenner. We didn't have reservations and so were put in the back table right next to the kitchen. My husband wanted to ask for another table but I was happy having a view of the kitchen. It was actually really cool to watch them work, kind of like a show with our dinner. Our waitress was fantastic! I don't remember her name but she was blond and so sweet. She made a drink suggestion that we tried and didn't like and she brought us a new drink without us even having to ask. We ordered the oysters and weren't expecting much since we're from the NW and were now out in the middle of the desert but they were pleasantly fresh. The horseradish had the perfect amount of heat. (We had some later in the week that was like eating fire) The bread with the dipping sauce was great. I could have eaten a soup bowl of the red pepper dip. I wish I had the recipe. The best thing was by far what I ordered which was the shrimp scampi. The noodles and shrimp were made separately and then prepared table side while the waiter explained the ingredients. The addition of red chili flakes really made the dish. The service was great (best waitress we had in Vegas) and my meal was the best food I've eaten all year so the four stars were for the mashed potatoes that my husband ordered with his steak. They weren't awful, just not great. Also, the dessert of profiteroles with rocky road ice cream had very little flavor though the presentation was very pretty.
3	this place use to be good.  I usually order the diver scallops.  When i go back this time.  Everything is different.  diver scallops use to be a complete entree, now changing to a la carte.  Other then that, everything is fresh and delicious.  I would recommend the diver scallops to anyone and you wouldn't regret it.
3	Went to this place for dinner and decor and ambiance was really cool - a little dark in there but I liked it.When ordering the drink, after ordering a bottle of wine the waiter walked off - we thought he was checking the wine availability but he never came back.  So I called him over and finished ordering drinks - weird!!!!  He probably assumed that all we wanted was a bottle of wine - but he really should not have assumed and asked if there was anything else we wanted.We were given some fresh nan bread with dips, complementary - which was moist, hot and buttery - prob the best nan I've had.I ordered grilled prawns and my husband ordered the seabass - both were lovely.  Hot, moist, delicate flavours and melted in your mouth.  Had to order sides as extra.  Got the spaghetti squash and crushed potatoes with garlic and rosemary - which was basically mash - but both were so so yum!  I couldn't stop eating.  Food was good  on the whole.Have rated it down because of the terrible service and the over pricing.Waiter poured a very small amount of wine into my glass and then hid the rest of the wine bottle somewhere.  They took so long in filling up my glass each time that by the time we had finished our meal, there was still half a bottle left.  By then we were tired and wanted to go back to our hotel we just left it.  Found it all a bit annoying.
4	Great place, our meal was excellent and so was the service!!  For dinner we had the clam chowder fondue, truffled Mac and cheese and prawns stuffed with crab with KC style cut steak!
4	I came to this trendy yet casual restaurant for happy hour (Sun-Fri from 5:30pm - 7:00pm).  To order off the happy hour menu, you have sit at the cocktail tables or the bar.  Because the kitchen is open, you can see the chefs preparing your food, which is always legit.  That being said, I was quite surprised and alarmed to see the chefs eating in the kitchen while preparing the food.  Service was lightning fast, as I was in and out within a half hour.Time to get happy.The white sangria ($5), which also comes in red, was awesome and was so good that I was forced to order another one.The raw oysters in a half shell ($2 each) were sold by the half dozen and came with every dipping sauce under the sun.  I've had a lot of oysters in my day and I highly recommend checking these out.The stuffed clams ($5) were ginormous.  Stuffed with chorizo, they were served with grilled buttered bread.  The clams were simply amazing.  With just the right amount of salty and savory, they were smooth in texture and easy to chew.Now for the most expensive appetizer ever.  The poppers ($22) weren't on the happy hour menu and came with 3 tuna balls and 3 yellowtail balls, each served raw on top of fried rice patties.  These bad boys lived up to their name and were small enough to pop in your mouth.  Though not worth the price, they were still pretty dank.Focus on the seafood at this place and definitely enjoy!
4	my parents loved ya'll.get your scallop and bass lovefest on, right here. right now.huthuthut.pregame before your meal. get you feelin' like you're on XTC while dancing away in  a drug raided techno club
2	Was reminded by a friend of a wonderful meal at Seablue that we had a couple of years ago. That was also a reminder to me that I failed to review Seablue after the last time I dined there in July.Seablue has been my wife and my "stand-by" dinner of choice for quite a few years. When asked by friends for a non-steakhouse choice "Seablue is always good" would be my reply. I hope that I didn't upset too many people by lying to them about the amazing menu selections and service that they would find.My brother and I met in Vegas last July and when he asked where to eat one night "Seblue is always good" was my answer. We arrived at 8:30, were promptly seated and ordered drinks. While waiting for drinks we looked over the menu, a one sheet cardstock menu. When the server arrived with the drinks I asked if we had arrived too late for the regular menu and were looking at the late-night menu.Our server looked at me confused and said the menu hadn't changed. I asked where the cod and sea bass tangines, the wonderful trios of appetizer tastings, the build your own salads (one of the biggest signatures of Seablue) and the lobster corn dogs were. Once again it was the same menu, but "changes are made seasonally."To keep it short and sweet, the Sea bass was good, my brothers Ahi tuna was good and I can't even remember what sides we had. Our server was rude, and lying about how their full (8 or 10 page) menu was the same as the one sheet menu that we were handed was an insult. By the way, this was the same server that had handed us the older, full menu a year or so earlier. If you are changing your approach to dining, fine. But don't treat me like an idiot when I ask you why you don't serve ANY of the items I've ordered and have been raving about for the last 5 years.Seablue now has a menu that resembles, stack, fix or any other establishment that wants to get you in and out with a standard ahi, seabass, salmon choice and a just as many steak offerings. If you want amazing fish sold by the ounce or prepared tangine style, make sure you pick the right season before booking dinner at Seablue.
1	THE WORST FOOD FOR YOUR MONEY EVERActually, the service was good, but the food....Happy hour deals tasted worse then McDonalds, greasy and tiny. We've eaten in many expensive 4-5 stars restaurants, and "Seablue" was a joke...Beef carpaccio that we ordered tasted horrible, and the portion was extremely tiny even for a bird. The entrees that we ordered didnt taste anything close to a restaurant food, and again, portion is misearable...For the quality of food you are getting- price is way too high.All and all our experience with the food was substandartDo Not Go!!!
3	The Food portions was Big. Which was great for the price your paying. We went when it was b1g1 for Locals. The entree was good but the appetizers was just OK. Didn't like the fact you had to pay for a bottle of water which was $8.00 for a large Fuji.
5	I had a great peice of Alaskan Halibut here. Michael Mina can do no wrong by me.
5	My wife and I had about an hour and fifteen minutes to get some food before seeing Zumanity at New York New York so we figured we would eat somewhere at MGM, which is across the street and usually has good food.  We tried to eat at Emiril's and one of the other places next to it but neither could seat us right away. We saw Seablue down the way so we went there.  Seeing how empty it was we were very skeptical. We were seated right away and told the waitress we had a show to catch, and she gave us great service.Since we didnt have much time we skipped appetizers and went straight to wine and main course.  Before our orders came out they served the Nahn with the dipping sauces which were amazing.  What a random twist for bread at a seafood restaurant.The waitress made some recommendations and I ordered the Shrimp Scampi fettucini and my wife got the woodfire grilled sea bass with a side of mushrooms.The waiter came with a plate of fetuccini and a sizzling skillet of shrimp. He puts the shrimp on top of the fettucini and asks how much of the sauce I would like on top, he poured exactly the amount I requested and it was incredible.  I had to have my wife take a bite to confirm that it really was that good, she agreed.She got the seabass with skin on it, after the first bite she realized she didnt want the skin, the waitress offered to take the skin off for her she said ok.  The waitress came back saying the skin wasn't coming off easily because it cooked onto it so they are making her a whole new fish.  The new fish was out in 3 minutes and was cooked perfectly with just enough of the woodfire taste to compliment the fish.We split each others' food because we couldnt decide which one we liked better.Great dining experience, service and food.  We just couldnt figure out why it was so empty. Oh well, that makes it easier to get in next time with no reservations.
3	The food was delicious and I would've given Seablue 4 stars however the kitchen forgot our side dishes and our server kept forgetting to refill out water glasses after she offered and we asked.  A friend and I had the surf and turf special which was $60 per person for a porterhouse, half a lobster and king crab legs.  The lobster was a tad overcooked, but everything else was delicious.  I also had a lobster poptart, yum!  But anything with puff pastry is yum...The rest of the table had oysters, tuna carpaccio, the clam chowder fondue (which was too salty), onion rings (not worth $10), fish and chips and the burger.  We also ordered two sides of the truffled mac and cheese, but those never came out.  It was kind of good that we didn't get them because the surf and turf special was really filling.
2	Disappointing.  I had been here three years ago and had great food.  When I tried it again this week it was average at best and overpriced.  Pita bread with dipping sauces is a good opener - but they charge you for extra bread (as if we weren't already paying enough for the small $60 meals).  The appetizers seemed promising, but were not well executed.  The stuffed shrimp with crab was undercooked (shrimp were almost raw) and very small portion. The Lobster pop tart is an interesting concept - but it was hard to find any lobster in it.  The fish entree was nicely prepared - wood grilled, with good flavor.  However, the side dishes were uninspired and overpriced.
4	I stumbled on this place after walking a full day at CES.  My dogs were barking so badly that I just wanted to eat at the first decent restaurant after stepping off the CES shuttle.  Since this place carried the Michael Mina name and there was still an hour of happy hour left, why not?I sat down at the bar and immediately ordered a drink and some oysters while trying to decide what to feast on.  After much debate, I just decided on the seabass with a side of creamed spinach.  $10 for spinach?  Do you know how many guys you can beat up for $10 worth of Spinach?  Aint no fighting going on here tonight.  I immediately befriended the guy next to me and 2 ladies at the corner.  We were chatting it up about anything and everything.  Before you know it, I also befriended the guy on my right, his wife, and another dude.  We were all here for CES.  We all pretty much got our food around the same time.  Since sharing is caring, we all decided to share our food.  This gave me an opportunity to try the other stuff on the menu without committing to the entire plate.  The deep fried oysters are a must-try!  They're not puny little runts but big, plump multiple-bite oysters. I got to try the seafood poptart and the lobster stuffed prawns from my new friends.  The seabass was totally deboned and seared to perfection.  The creamed spinach was a bit too salty but a huge portion to share with all your bar buddies.  OMG what a fun night!  It felt like I was sitting at the bar at Cheers with Sam and Norm.  Food was delish, company was excellent, and happy hour deals were in full effect.  Too bad my dogs were still barking :(
2	We were a party of 5, aged 17 - 89 years old.  The restaurant is very pretty, and quiet (nice for the 89 year old), but none of us were wowed by the place.  The food was just OK - nothing spectacular.  For the price, we should have been wowed.  My starter, marrow bones, was my favorite part of the meal and it was delicious.  Unfortunately, I wanted a spoon (maybe even one of those tiny marrow bone spoons?) to scoop the marrow out to spread on the bread, but our waiter was busy elsewhere.  I finally stopped a different server, asked for a spoon, and received another knife and fork.  Sigh.  Now, it's two weeks later, and I don't even recall what we ate - just that no-one was delighted.  Like I said, nothing was bad.  It's just that for over $300 it should have been great.
1	By far my worst Vegas experience! (besides the cluster of homeless people vomiting on one of the bridges)Keep in mind I walked in with a smile, was very polite to everybody we had contact with and tried my best to have an open mind and enjoy my time when things started going south.It started out okay with the introduction and appetizers. Then it went downhill. Skirt steak not cooked how I asked. Both my sides were horrible (the marrow was highly recommended) and everything had a really bad aftertaste. I love unique flavors but nothing I ordered was up to par. My wife had a decent dish but that was not me. Maybe she will give Seablue 2 stars? She was not happy either.Service was not great at all. They filled our drinks 2 times and never came back. I asked our waitress for our bill while she was walking right by me and I totally got ignored. At the very end (after sitting around for about 10 minutes) the manager came and cleaned up because he saw us sitting unhappy. He didn't ask us how we were doing and just cleaned up everything with an awkward silence.Then finally the bill, brought by the manager. $150! I spent more the night before and had no problem with it because the night before was flawless! There are plenty of other restaurants in Vegas that are way better in every way. Spend your money elsewhere.
1	Wow!  I just read a review posted a few weeks ago re: someone getting ill after eating here.  Alas, my husband had the same experience!Let me start out by saying:  I love seafood.  I actually tried to make reservations at Joe's Stone Crab (which I adore), but unfortunately, Joe's couldn't accommodate me for the time I requested.  We ended up here instead.The appetizers: great.  We had oysters, clams, and the lobster poptart.  I also had the happy hour sangria, and my husband had a couple bombay sapphires.  So far, so good.We then get to the actual entrees.  I ordered the scallops (around $34), and my husband ordered the sea bass.  The scallops were so disappointing!  Four rubbery, overcooked scallops on a lonely plate.  Terrible.  I ate two, and thus threw $34 down the drain.  My husband's sea bass was raw.  He attempted to eat it, but eventually gave up.  The server offered to get him something else, and he asked the kitchen to prepare whatever fish it wanted.  A burned salmon came out.  My husband's a chef, and he took it as a big "F. U." for sending back the raw sea bass.  Nice, Seablue.  Great service there.  The sides we had: mac and cheese (not cheesy) and another side, which was so memorable I've now forgotten what it was.$200 later . . . . Well, actually, my husband had to work at the restaurant the next morning.  He puked all night, and he puked on the way to work.  Gross.Needless to say, we won't be back.  Michael Mina, I'm disappointed.
5	One of the best meals we've had our entire life, hands down. Everything was great from start to finish.
4	Ate here 2/18/12 and it was good - a few things kept it from being great.  We ordered the following:Tiger Prawns (great - seasoned well and really fresh)Lobster Carpaccio - Hubby like more than me - I thought it needed seasoning in a big way.Scallops and AhI as entrees - we split them with each other.  Thought the scallops were great and seasoned really well.  Ahi was a great cut of tuna but was under seasoned.  A little bit of seasoning would have made this a great meal!Had rocky road profiteroles for dessert which were good.Best unexpected part was the buttered Naan bread, with three dipping sauces:  Hummus, ac creamy blend of creme fraiche and creamy cheeses, and a curry type dip.  The bread was warm and delicious.  One of the highlights of the meal for me.Prices were much more reasonable than the ultra high end restaurants in MGM grand, but still felt like a treat.
4	Had a company/customer dinner here Wednesday evening with a group of about 20. We had the group menu, which started off with the little gem ceasar salad, which was pretty standard. I also had the white sangria which was DELICIOUS. I had the chicken breast which came with rosemary crushed potatoes and seasonal vegetables. It wasn't anything mind blowing, but it was soooo good and the perfect portion. The dessert, layered chocolate mousse bar was also very good. OH, how can I forget. The bread and dips they brought out before the salad was great. I seriously could have just eaten that all night. I'll definitely recommend this place.
4	Had no idea what to expect when going here and we walked away very impressed after a great meal. I had the Clam Chowder Fondue which was really quite amazing followed by the Angry Lobster which was both unique and tasty beyond my expectations.Everyone else at the table also enjoyed their selections and we all thought the service was great too.
5	We came in for a pre-bachelor party madness meal and I have to say it was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. Started with some cocktails and their fried flat bread with dipping sauces to soak it up. Next we did a dozen oysters. For the main course we split the 32.oz steak, in my top five steaks of all time, a split order of king crab legs and lobster tail. All of it was amazing. It came with a side of mashed potato goodness and we threw in the broccoli. It was all fantastic, each bite was better than the last. Our server was incredible, really above and beyond the call of duty. The manager came by for a nice chat and we gushed about the food and the staff. This was by far the best meal I've had in Las Vegas and I've had them all.
1	I feel a bit better after reading all the reviews criticizing the service at this restaurant.  I , too, had received a solid recommendation for Seablue, only to experience the worst service ever in a restaurant of this quality.  We were celebrating my daughter's wedding this weekend in Vegas and selected Seablue for a pre-wedding dinner.  Things started out ok, but soon it seemed as though we were the only patrons to whom the wait staff were inattentive.  We arrived at 7:05 pm, ordered a couple of appetizers and were not served dinner until 8:45.  The drinks were watery, some of the dishes were delicious while others were served lukewarm.  The waiter avoided making eye contact with us, and even after acknowledging my raised hand, he swept by us.A request by one of my daughters to speak with the manager resulted in a weak apology and an offer to return the following day.  Why on earth he thought anyone would subject themselves to a second helping of this poor treatment is beyond me.  When I asked to speak with him again, he wasn't anymore accommodating.It almost seemed as though the staff here was begging us not to come back.  They needn't worry!
1	The food was good but our service was unsatisfactory. We had a table of 8 people, which I dont think is too much to manage, yet we were at the restaurant for over 2 hours.  A complete waste of our time. The food was pretty good but I was really bothered by the lack of attention by the server.  We were constantly flagging them down to serve us, which is so annoying when they should be attentive to us.  At one point, we made eye contact with the server and he acknowledged us, only to try and speed by us without speaking like we werent even there.  He was avoiding us and we were not rude nor demanding at all throughout the duration of the meal so we really didnt understand his behavior.There was a 20 minute lull between our appetizers and our dinner.  We were literally sitting around the table looking at each other, twidding our thumbs.  No contact from the waitor ensuring us that our dinner would come soon.  No apologies, no nothing.  Its like they didnt even care.I've been to several restaurants at this level and price range and their service outshines this restaurant by a landslide.  Who wants to pay that type of money only to get horrible service?When we complained to the manager on duty he was no help and never apologized, nor compensated for the substandard service.  He told us to come back and they would take care of us. REALLY? Why would we come back if the service was substandard to pay even MORE MONEY? Why wouldnt he do something to compensate for the horrific service at that time? He was an idiot and so was the server.  We dined there the night of my sister's bachelorette party on 3/24 and had reservations at 7:00 pm.  The problems with the dinner really affected our mood afterward and was one of the most negative experiences I've encountered when the whole point of the dinner was to have an exceptional dining experience.  Well, they failed us big time!!!!Its safe to say we will never be back again.
2	Food was good, service horrible.  Drinks not refilled and our server only checked on us once.  Not the anniversary celebration I had hoped for:(   True testament to the fact poor service can ruin good food.  We will never be back.
4	This review relates to their happy hour.  During my stay at the MGM this was 5.30 through 7.00 in the bar area.  I was initially drawn in by the prospect of $3 pints of Stella Artois but lingered for the full 90 mins, chowing down on the small, but great happy hour bites menu.  During my visit I sampled: Chinocoteague clams ($5) stuffed with chorizo and sourdough.  This came as one large clam stuffed and piping hot.  I was apparently impressed enough to move another solo diner to my side to order up one too.Grilled Chicken Skewers ($5), nothing too fancy.  A trio of skewers cooked just past rare, ergo nice and juicy.  Served up with a red pepper flavoured dipping sauce.A half dozen oyster on the half shell ($12) came served on a heaping platter of ice with horseradish, cocktail sauce and mignonette sauce as sides.  These were my favorite part of the brief visit, ice cold, and packed with briny punch.The bar area is nice and quiet, dimly lit, and lots of dark wood.  I struck up a few conversations with other diners during my visit, and could have happily loitered longer.  Pretty much everyone around the bar had the same plan, drop in, quick pint and a snack.Staff were a little quiet and stand offish, would have been nice for them to engage the solo bar drinker/diners more to encourage a bit more atmosphere, but when I did speak to them, they were nice enough.Would definitely go back for the happy hour, and the food impressed me enough to give the full menu a whirl some other day.
5	Wonderful food and wonderful service! My husband and I shared the scallop fritters, which are bacon wrapped scallops that are deep fried and served w/ a butter lettuce wrap and lime creme fraiche. SO GOOD and not too heavy!  Our server also ended up giving us a free appetizer of duck fat fries served w/ their homemade ketchup and baconniase.  Oh my gosh, I'm salivating just thinking of them... AMAZING. Even the naan they served in the beginning of the meal was delicious! I LOVE naan and I think all restaurants should serve naan with dipping sauces rather than plain white or sourdough bread.Entrees were the ahi tuna (very rare) and the European sea bass. We ordered a side of foie gras too. Everything was so incredibly indulgent and the seafood was so fresh!  The foie gras was seared perfectly and melted in your mouth.  Last but not least we ordered profiteroles for dessert which are like mini rocky road ice cream cookie sandwiches, but much more refined. Perfect ending!  We'd definitely come back again when we're in Vegas!
5	Seablue had changed their menu offerings a few times since my original review was written. One thing that remains solid about this restaurant is the quality of the seafood and steaks. I'm a huge fan of the wood fired seafood flavor and the steaks off the same grill are awesome. Grilled lobster, Giant Prawns and European Seabass are some favorites that keep me coming back. They still have a pretty good bar menu where most items are pretty competetivly priced, but for my money the main menu makes me the happiest.. Though a $3 pint of Stella Arteois at the bar is always a good way to start the night! Happy Eating!
3	So sea blue ditched the happy hour. Use to be 5:30-7 for 1 dollar oyster and jumbo shrimp so they decided to do 5:30-closing 2 dollar oyster and jumbo shrimp which use to be the regular menu price. But overall service was friendly and I think still kinda cheap special on oyster and shrimp. Would i come back? probably but i wish they still had that dollar deal!
4	My husband and I stayed at the MGM Grand this past week and decided to check out the happy hour menu at Seablue.  Between the hours of 5:30-7:30 (I think), they have a little happy hour menu that you can get if you're sitting at the bar or at one of the tables that are in front of the restaurant.The happy hour consisted of oysters and shrimp for $2 for 2.  I got a half-dozen shrimp and my husband had the oysters.  The shrimp were huge and delicious.  I don't like oysters, so I can't vouch for them, but my husband seemed pleased.  We also tried some sort of avocado salad (for her) and chicken skewers (for him).  I wasn't that impressed with the salad, but that's just me being a picky salad eater.Happy hour also had some decent drink specials.  They had $3 Stellas or Newcastles, $5 sangrias and featured wines and $5 well drinks.  Can't beat that in Vegas, right?The lobster corn dog that is all the rage in older reviews is not on the menu anymore.  Sad.
3	Finally got to visit this place at a recent stay at the MGM.  We had a party of 6 and a reservation, and were seated @5:30.  The music was quite loud, and the waiter had to repeat things as he could not be heard.  I thought that the very dim lighting was not characteristic of such a loud place, maybe I'm the only one who thinks that.We were near the kitchen, and could see all the fun going-ons in there.  We ordered a few appetizers - beef tartare, the duck-fat fries, and clams, all to share.  They also brought around the house bread (naan), this was fantastic, loved that.Beef tartare was pretty bland, did not even come close to what I enjoyed at McKendricks Steakhouse in Atlanta, GA (for about the same $$) - seemed like almost no seasoning at all.  The duck-fat fries crunchy.  Clams, tasty in a white wine sauce.I ordered the Halibut with an 'add-on' of lobster, and side dish of mushrooms (all sides are a la carte, $12).  As the appetizer plates were cleared away the waiter replaced our silverware with the correct setting for each meal ordered (neat!)The halibut was perfectly cooked, still very moist inside, grilled, but nothing else to zing it up, maybe thats the intent.  The half-lobster tail was a bit of a workout, had to pry it away from the shell, and was about the size of an adult thumb :) My friend next to me had ordered the pork chop, and was practically launched out of his chair he  was so excited by the flavor, and insisted on sharing - and he was right AWESOME, wished I had ordered it.Loved the mushrooms, and I also got to munch on some grilled asparagus (perfect, still had crunch) and spinach. So the 3 stars is mainly due to the value here (over $100 and thats with NO alcohol), except for my neighbors pork chop nothing stood out as extraordinary, and the ambience, to me, was unappealing.
5	Had family in town and they chose this place for dinner last Saturday night.  They didn't open tell 530 so we went online and made a reservation for 6 at 730.  Pretty easy and simple.  We called to confirm it later and everything was good.We were seated right away and there wasn't a lot of people in the place for 730 but more people did start showing up later.  The head waiter was great right from the beginning.  He confirmed no one had any food allergies, explained the menu since most of us had never been there and was on top of everything we asked for.We first ordered wine and the seafood platter with lobster, clam, shrimp & oysters.  Everything was very fresh and yummy.  I always thought oysters were not good but these were actually really good and I enjoyed them more than the clams.  After that we ordered family style caesar salad with crab on top.  Again the salad was so good and crab delish!  The waiters all made sure things were cleaned up and off the table before bringing the next course.  We got new plates and silverware pretty much every time.  I thought that was interesting.Dinner came and our table had steak, salmon, halibut, scallops and crab.  Along with sides of mashed potatoes, mac n cheese, spinach and asparagus.  Everyone pretty much tasted everything on the table and wow it was all perfectly cooked.  My favorites was the steak and scallops for the main course.  The sides, OMG the mac n cheese and potatoes were so good.  I could just eat those alone.  I am a box mac n cheese fan so sometimes I do not like restaurants recipe but this was the best!Some of our party left and 3 of us stayed for dessert.  The head waiter didn't rush us or anything.  He got some coffee and specialty drinks for us and let us review the dessert menu.  We got the lava cake and cinnamon ice cream.It was all some of the best food I have ever had.  The service was perfect, I couldn't have asked for more.  I would definitely come back here and recommend it to family and friends.
3	I was excited to try out this place, but was a bit disappointed as soon as I walked in. For some reason or another, the waterfalls and lights were off on the walls, and the restaurant looks nowhere nearly as nice as the pictures on Yelp. There are just plain brick walls with a stark yellow light on them. Minor detail, but ambiance is a pretty important part of the experience.Service was decent and the waiter was knowledgeable. My fiancee and I ordered the scallops, the sea bass, the artichoke, and asparagus. The asparagus and artichoke sides were both decent, but nothing to write home about. The sea bass was definitely the standout of the night. It was an entire fish cooked to flaky perfection, while still being moist and flavorful. However, the scallops were just way too salty to enjoy.Because of the scallops and the sense of run-down-ness from the lack of ambiance, the experience was just 3 stars, especially for the price you are paying. But if you do come here, might as well try the fish.
4	Came with friends in town for EDC weekend. They were staying at the MGM so we walked through the restaurant row to find a nice happy hour or specials that may be offered. After passing by the many enticing retaurants SeaBlue's bar and lounge menu showed promise. Newcastles and Stella for $3Chicken skewers for $5Stuffed and baked clams for $5Oysters for $2 a shellFood was fantastic! Sauce for the chicken skewers was unique and flavorful. The oysters and clams were large and not tiny(thank god!)Bartender made me a fantastic Bourbon Negroni for only $9Wouldve given 5 stars if the bar staff were more personal and communicating.Overall good experience and awesome oysters
1	Diners beware!! I have eaten everywhere from high end to street corner and never have gotten food poisoning.  Cross contamination of there handling of sea food and micro greens caused me to  be sick for over 24 hrs...this was the worst pain of my life and totally bummed that it happened from this fine establishment...how could this happen..ordered the overpriced seabass and had skin removed only to find out that they gave me a portion the size of Mcdonalds fish fillet....totally a disappointment, not to mention FOOD Poisioning
5	Foodgasm!..Also, the wait staff are all very good looking.. They must have had them audition for the part. Good lookin out! The opening act: Oysters on half shell with lemongrass mignonette..and fresh horseradish. They were small, sweet, briny and delicious. Main act: I was able to pair two items from their menu, I chose a pair of Madagascar Fresh Water Prawns and the neolithic Roasted Marrow Bones..Makes me get butterflies again just thinking about it. The prawns were grilled to perfection and literally just as big as the half lobsters. The heads of the prawns were of course the best part but to marry that with the exquisite texture and flavour of the bone marrow was food enjoyment at its finest. I could have done with less of the carmelized onions that they topped off the marrow bones with, but hey you can't have it all.. Closing act: to put an end to this extravagant, love laden meal, a glass of moscato and a bite of devine creme brulee with a slight undertone of cardamom.. sigh*
4	The food was fantastic! We all ordered the Surf n Turf special ($60) which had Lobster, bone in ribeye and crab legs. Fair price I'd say. Service was terrible, though. Go for the food, but like the other reviews said service is a crap shoot.
3	As usual my partner and I were so excited to try another of the Michael Mina restaurant as we LOVE his menu and cuisine all the time. As soon as we walked in the restaurant, we were tiny bit disappointed as the decor is way below expectation. No more water falls, video screen showing sports at the bar and nothing exciting to look at. We were seated by a brick wall, and no "pardon our dust sign". Time to renovate Mister Mina.No let's talk about the important part:Beverage: We started with a Perrier Jouet Glass as it was one of our BD. One glass was the end of a bottle and had no bubble, so we asked to change it which they have done very easily though. Second round of drinks was a Pouilly Fume and was excellent.Food: We tried about every appetizers on the menu. Lobster Bisque, to die for; Hibachi great, Clams nice, Beef Tartar AMAZING, Veal Carpaccio STAY AWAY, Scallops fritters interesting, the complementary mise en bouche were amazing. Fries were obviously out of packaging but cooked or covered with duck fat and came with a perfect dip. Did not order dessert as we were full this timeService: Our waiter was very nice BUT should have mentioned that we were ordering too much, which they usually do. Because he noticed that we did not like the veal nor the fries, he nicely removed it from our invoice which was a nice gesture.My advice: DON'T GO before they renovate the place which they are schedule to do very soon. Instead, and to stay in the Mina family, try American Fish or Michael Mina
2	REVIEW FOR HAPPY HOUR:Meh. Came here for the famous happy hour and $1 oysters at the bar and was disappointed to learn that they'd changed their happy hour menu more than a year ago (according to our server) and no longer offer the $1 oysters or $15 pitchers of Sangria. Annoyingly, as we were walking to the restaurant through MGM, the PA system came on reminding everyone to hit up SEABLUE for $1 oysters for Happy Hour. They really need to update that 'cause it's false advertising, jerks. They also no longer carry lobster corndogs.Regardless, the new "bar menu" (they don't have a happy hour menu anymore) is available from 5:30-10pm or so, and they offer a $12 for 6 oysters deal and a few other items, so we ordered 12 oysters (only offer Fanny Bay--pretty good), stuffed clams (an order comes with 2) and chicken skewers (2 or 3 3" skewers) which I believe were $5 per plate. We also ordered duck fat fries from the full menu since I'd seen them in so many yelp reviews. For $11, they were good but not amazing. The baconnaise the fries come with was awesome though.We also got $5 glasses of Sangria which tasted more like water than wine or fruit. Disappointing.Servicewise, was just okay. The server was sort of rude about the whole happy hour debacle, and then was kind of creepy and linger-y while we were eating.I won't be back for "happy hour" at SEABLUE unless I'm staying at MGM and craving oysters like crazy.
4	Good ambiance, very good service, the lady bartender is very good.  My steak was a bit tough but it was flavorful and cooked right.  That is my only criticismAll in all, worth the money (especially in Vegas)The Smiths
4	We had dinner here on a Friday night, starting at the bar to have some oysters and watch the opening ceremony of the Olympics. The oysters were outstanding, buttery and delicate.  For our meal, shared among three people, we also had:Beef tartare - I was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked this. Beef tartare can be kind of one note, but this had a citrusy taste which I really liked, and a chunkier texture than other beef tartares I have had.Duck fat fries - Crispy and delicious.  A very generous portion.16 oz bone-in ribeye - This was huge. The ribeye was juicy, perfectly cooked, and served in thick slices to make it appropriate for sharing.Grilled jumbo prawns - Yum. The char on the shell was great, and the meat was flavorful and not dry.Macaroni and cheese - Very rich and creamy, definitely meant for sharing.The house bread was also special enough to be notable.  It's a garlic naan, crisp and buttery but not overly garlicy.  The service was very good and we enjoyed each of the dishes.  There are so many great places to try in Vegas, but I would definitely go back there for the oysters alone.
5	What superb food and what a beautiful restaurant! The organic steak is great and so is the paella.  This place is pricey, but you definitely get what you pay for.
5	Had a very nice romantic dinner here, it's a bit pricey, but sooo worth it!
