4	On the recommendation of the previous reviewer, I booked an appointment with Autumn to fix a bad haircut I received the week before. I work about a block away from the salon, so the convenience (and the amazing price) was a big draw. The salon is an odd mix of color, cozy, and sterile, but no matter: I wasn't there for the interior design. Happily, Autumn listened closely to why I wasn't happy with my previous cut, took careful note of the photos I brought in, and proceeded to fix the bad and design the good. She was extremely friendly, easy to chat with, and knew her stuff. I left the salon with a great new cut (exactly what I wanted, though a little short in order to fix the previous blunder), and a new hairdresser to boot. There's nothing quite like the relief of finding a stylist you know you can count on.
4	Nice people & nice location. Very experienced, which means they can make good recommendations. I felt I was in good hands. Location is very pleasant. The shop is clean, well-kept and feels upscale.Definitely going back, and encourage you to try it out!
5	I have curly hair. Big curls, not tight ones, but definitely ringlets that can become Shirley Temple hair if I let it. It's always very difficult to find a hair stylist. Even as a child I seemed to go from one bad cut to another, by one poorly trained (in non-kinky curly hair) stylist or another. For the past 12 years or so I had resigned to cutting my own hair: at least I could look bad for free.Then someone with curly hair recommended I see Autumn at Salon Nuvo, and I've been beautifully coiffed ever since. She listens as I explain three hairstyles at once that I want bits and pieces of but don't really know what I can pull off, and the end result always somehow makes sense and looks fantastic.She also styled my sister (wavy hair), best friend (long straight hair), and my hair and makeup for my wedding and let me tell you, we were babes. In fact, some friends of mine looked dashing that night as well and it turns out they also went to her for their stylings.Autumn is an artist who can really see the best of your features and works your hair to make it frame your face perfectly. And, as mentioned, if there is something that you don't think is quite right, she's always willing to make adjustments after-the-fact, which takes a lot of stress out of the fear of post-hair-change regret. The Salon is professional, well-rounded, friendly, and afforable.
4	I went here on the day of a wedding (I'm from out of town) for a last minute pedicure. I didn't really know where else to go, so I just stopped here on a whim (it was raining and this was the closest place that seemed to do nails). The Salon Nuvo nail person is FANTASTIC (and wonderful to chat with). It's two full weeks later and it looks like my pedicure is brand new (and before you ask, I actually used the exact same brand/color nail polish as my prior crap pedicure). They don't have the cool massage chairs and they put you in a weird little intimate back room, HOWEVER I would totally give that up for a beautiful pedicure that lasts this long.  Thought it was worth a review.
5	The highest praise that I can give SALON NUVO - and very specifically, Terry, the stylist who does my braids on a regular basis - is that I am constantly stopped by strangers who like my hair and want to know who works on it.Whenever I've gotten my hair re-braided, her handiwork usually gets complimented within minutes of me exiting the building. My friends and family remain fascinated by the new patterns she twists my hair into...and I'm a guy, so I like the attention! ;^)Terry typically twists my hair initially, then finishes them off as three-part braids, so that they will hold longer. I personally like this look, because it appears more "full", and yet still has some life to it.. She's so good, no one ever guesses that I'm gradually thinning on top, and versatile enough that we've switched this look up from time to time.In professional settings, my hair is always stylish enough to merit compliments, never so "busy" that people do double-takes.Terry is really phenomenal. I can't boast enough about her!Her coworker Chris was previously my stylist for many years, and even though she no longer does my hair (braiding is Terry's province), I would recommend her in a heartbeat. These two stylists are experts with all textures of hair, and I've recommended them both for years and continue to do so.So, if you think you can handle getting compliments as soon as you leave the hair salon, go to SALON NUVO and ask for Terry (or Chris). You'll definitely get more than your money's worth and schedule a return appointment!
5	Everyone at Salon Nuvo is a professional.  Everyone is friendly and it's a really great salon.  Chrissy has done my hair for almost 15 years (she moved to Salon Nuvo about 2 years ago) and I trust no one else to perm or color my hair.  Chrissy understands chemicals and how to maintain healthy hair.  She's a dedicated professional and has always been flexible - she let's me come in late to accommodate my work/school schedule.  And everyone I've ever referred to her has been a happy customer :-)  I'm pretty brutal on my hair (lots of heat and don't deep condition as often as I should, in addition to a fair amount of every day stresses)....If Chrissy didn't maintain and take care of my hair, I'd probably be bald by now!  She keeps it trimmed, healthy, and growing!!!  And she's super sweet....it's a delight to sit in her chair :-)
5	I started getting my bitten nails done here.  the nail lady, Carol, does a fantastic job.  Started with tips and now I have my own nails.  I was shocked that my nails did not get destroyed under this tips, which has happened anywhere else I have gone.  There is only one nail person, so you have to come while she is there, but I have never had any problem getting appointments.  She has even stayed late on occasion to get me in.
5	I have been going to Salon Nuvo for about two years now. Autumn does my hair and she is amazing. I have very fine, thinning hair and the cut is always flattering. And Autumn seems quite supportive of my desire to not color my very grey hair, which is something I have not had in other salons ... there has always been a push to do some sort of coloring treatment.
4	Definitely recommend this salon! I booked an appointment after having many failed attempts with other stylist that are not able to work with biracial hair. I was frustrated and tired of having the same look because of my unruly mop. I have thick, frizzy, and  curly hair that cannot be tamed easily. The stylist that ended up doing my hair was Chris and she was fantastic! She listened to what I wanted, was fun to talk to, and gave me many helpful tips. I walked out of the salon feeling very satisfied with my new look. Anyone that has biracial hair or children with it should make an appointment with her, you will not be let down!
5	I've been going to this salon on and off for 10 years. While I was going to Salon Nuvo I had long, thick, wavy hair with short bangs. My whole life I've had issues with finding the right stylist because I have a ridiculous amount of hair. I found Autumn through reviews for people with curly hair and they were right..Autumn is seriously gifted at cutting curly/thick hair. In the time I went to Autumn I got constant compliments on my hair. My long, out of control hair was finally in control. I didn't even have to blow dry with the cuts she gave me, she managed to work with my natural hair type to make it lay perfectly. I can't say enough about how awesome she is.Unfortunately it is really difficult for me to get Downtown which is the only negative thing about this salon..I had to switch to a salon near my house and no matter how much I pay noone can even compare to Autumn. Hopefully after reading this review a few people will get to experience Autumn's awesomeness since I can't anymore :(.
5	Margerie cut my hair and it came out great -- could tell she was taking the time to do quality work!
3	I went there for Brazilian blowout . After spending around 400 bucks including tip my hair have not changed at all . They look even worse . They re-did it again to try to fix them but nothing happened. I have no complains about my stylist. She was very nice to me and looking in details but their procedure and product did not work . When I showed them results after second time after a wash they juts said thanks for stopping by. I wasted my money :(
5	I traveled to Pittsburgh for a wedding and needed someone to do my hair and makeup.  I was originally looking for someone that would travel to my hotel but I stumbled on this salon and saw all the great reviews.  The salon ended up being a block from the Renaissance Hotel so I went ahead and booked an appointment.  I saw all the great reviews for Autumn so I tried booking her for a haircut, updo, and makeup.  Unfortunately she was booked so I settled for hair and makeup.  I went straight to the salon from the airport and arrived about 15 minutes late.  Autumn seemed a little stand offish at first but she quickly warmed up.  She went ahead and offered to do all three services for me, even though we both knew that meant she would have to stay late.  She asked me for pictures of what I was looking for and executed them perfectly.  I really liked that we chatted the whole time but she never stopped working.  She was extremely efficient.  The hairstyle was elegant and trendy at the same time.  The haircut fixed my bangs that were growing out funnily.  The makeup was enought that it was noticeable, but didn't make me look like a drag queen.  She did use some drugstore brands which made me a little nervous at first but for $27 she made me look amazing.  The makeup stayed on all night. I have had my hair and makeup done by MarioDedivanovic's assistant (Kim Kardashian's make up artist) and I was more pleased by Autumn's work.
1	The salon is so dirty we left before I let them cut me hair. The sanitizers were old and half full. The scissors and combs were a mess.  http://www.wellbuzz.com/dr-oz-beauty/dr-oz-pedicure-bacterial-infections-dry-pedicure-haircut-ringworm/
5	i have been getting my hair cut here for 15 years.  Marjorie is amazing and priceless.  I am as picky about my hairstylist as i am my dentist or doctor.  I travel extensively for work and get compliments no matter where i travel.  Wouldn't go anywhere else!
