5	Love the studio and the family feeling of everyone there.  My daughter started ballett the first of the year and is having such a great time.  Thank you Regina and Jason for this wonderful studio.  Keep doing what you are doing!
5	My wife and my kids have all taken lessons for salsa, hip hop, and jazz from Regina.. They are some of the most friendly peeps I have had the pleasure of working with. They have a genuine passion for dance, great staff, attentive, and have enjoyment of dance as a first priority, If you are shopping for dance for your kids.. I highly reccomend EDC
5	My daughter began taking classes at Encore 6 years ago.  At the time she had a bit of an attitude and didn't do too well with other girls.  She instantly fell in love with Regina and took numerous classes from hip hop (her first choice) to ballet, jazz, and lyrical.  I watched my daughter blossom into an amazing young woman as well as an amazing dancer.  Regina involves the girls and boys in the competition experience so that they have more opportunity to learn confidence and self esteem.  My daughter has had the opportunity to travel to California and Las Vegas with the studio to participate in Nationals and Master Classes.  Encore is not JUST family owned, it is a family environment.  I checked other studios but found a less than friendly welcome to new participants.  I couldn't recommend anything more than Encore and the skills that your child learns.  My daughter now works at the studio as well as dancing and my youngest daughter is taking her first classes now.  I am looking forward to another 6 years or more with the Encore family.
5	Regina, Jason and ALL of their staff make up this wonderful dance studio and my daughter couldn't be happier. She enjoyed dance at another studio for a few years, but Regina, her dance expertise, as well as that of her staff, gives this studio the hip vibe and technical knowledge that my daughter was craving. I would suggest to anyone to give this studio a try because you will not be disappointed.
2	Poor business practices at Encore! Beware, they will charge your card without obtaining authorization from you. You CANNOT charge a persons card without consent from that individual, no matter what the situation is. There is nothing listed in the paperwork that says you operate this way. I was accused of just not wanting to pay-how about I just didn't want to pay with THAT card? Money is not an issue. If I had the time I would take them to court just to prove my point.
5	My kids have been taking dance classes at Encore for 2 years.  The classes are wonderful and the teachers are amazing!  They have grown not only as dancers but also as more confident children.  It is an amazing place! :)
