3	The staff at any sprint store are usually nice.  My rant about Sprint and not just this one but any of them is that when you ask about new phones that are out in the store they really don't have knowledge of the product other than what customers already know.  The customer basically has to buy the product and try it out for themselves or just wait till reviews come out about it from other disgruntled or happy customers.  Wish Sprint would have their employees go through training on all new products so they can be knowledgable for the customer.
1	Called to see if they had a phone and was told they wouldn't give out that info over the phone!  Really!  So, they would rather you come in and see if they have the phone you're looking for only to find out they don't.  Best competitor advertising I've seen yet and has made up my mind to NOT use Sprint.  Well done store staff can't wait to get you on my team, unbelievable!
1	Horrible store! Horrible customer service! Was planning to open 2 new lines through Sprint with my husband but after being in this joke of a store we decided not to. We were helped by a woman who clearly didn't know what was going on in her own store. She tried to show us the new iPhone 6 but didn't even know it wasn't on display anymore. All she cared about was making her sale. We were going to preorder 2 iPhones and she said she just had to see our credit. My husband SPECIFICALLY asked her if it would be a hard credit pull or a soft. And she said don't worry it's soft. Come to find out this morning it was a hard credit pull. Besides that she had no other information or answers for our questions. It was all "I'm not sure." "I'll have to check."  Do you know your job or not?! Don't go here. You can find better help at another store with more educated employees.
1	Worst Sprint store in town. Their staff are theives and the managers cover up for them. I'm currently disputing  fraudulent charges from this store. No one wants to take responsibility and I'm out 500$ Horrible customer service and untrained staff. I proved one of their sales people stole from me and threw manager did nothing!I'm also reporting this store to the BBB.DO NOT GO HERE!
