4	Firstly, the place drips of class. The interior is lovely, and sets a perfect mood for an outing in Montreal.The waiters at Le Montrealais are amazing. They are kind, friendly, and extremely efficient.I thought the food was also pretty good. It wasn't out of this world, but than again, I went there at brunch.Overall, I really enjoyed my time at this restaurant.
5	If you are looking for a great Sunday Brunch this is THE place to go in Montreal. I have been many times over the years and I am always impress.The selection is amazing, as is the quality and service
4	Spent a few evenings at Le Montrealais during my stay at the Fairmont, and I must say that I very much enjoyed being here. From the friendly staff, the decor, to the food and wine, the experience was great. Although I was by myself, the staff made sure I was kept company and entertained, and at times invited to sample some of their delicious food. I recommend the white tuna carpaccio and salmon tartare, it was delicious! It is a beautiful restaurant/bar that you must try at least once if you are in Montreal.
5	Outstanding breakfast and lunch buffets! The service is also excellent, with good attention to drink refills and taking plates away.  I was happy to have such a good hotel restaurant available to use during our stay at the Queen Elizabeth.
4	A Royal TeaI have always believed that I was some form of royalty--in another life.  Maybe I was Nefertari or Vashti but the delusions of grandeur which I suffer from today had to come from somewhere, right?!  Because of this I was not going to pass a chance to have tea at the Fairmont Le Reine Elizabeth in Montreal.  We arrived in style and managed to look totally dignified although it was a wet and nasty rainy day.  The Fairmont Queen Elizabeth hotel offers two different afternoon pastimes for a midday break:  Afternoon Tea and Kaffe Klatsch: "England has its Afternoon Tea, Austria Kaffe Klatsch"Le Cafe KlatschAn Austrian coffee break with your sweet and savory treats which include:   - Beef and pickles sandwich   - Liverwurst sausage sandwich   - Smoked Westphalie ham sandwich   - Macaroon   - Almond biscuits   - Sacher cake   - Apple Strudel   - Fruit tartletL' Afternoon TeaA traditional English afternoon tea with a wide range of tea selections and finger sandwiches, scones and sweets.Finger SandwichesWe LOVED these and could not get enough.  Seriously, we had them bring an extra plate of sandwiches!    - Chicken and watercress   - Egg & cucumber   - Smoked salmonAll of the sandwiches were fantastic but the Chicken and watercress sandwich was our favorite.The SconesThe scones, the scones, the scones!  Just look at them and you know they are ridiculously good.The TeaSelecting the tea was the best part of our experience.  The process begins with your server presenting the "tea box" at the table.  You then can spend as much time as you need to smell your way to a decision. With over fifteen choices, it took us almost forty-five minutes to pick three teas:   - The Queen Elizabeth   - Vanilla Chai   - Mint GreenAll three were phenomenal!Trifecta of TreatsWhat is a Par-Tea without the sweets?  I was happy that the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth didn't overdo it with the dessert.  They picked the perfect three!   - Chocolate eclair   - Strawberry tart (my absolute favorite)   - Macarons (various flavors)My all time favorite was the Strawberry Tart.  I liked it so much that I stole bites from my friends!I was so happy we had a welcomed "distraction" from the fabulous weather.  I really can not think of a better way to spend a rainy afternoon--or a sunny one for that matter.  All I know is that L' Afternoon Tea gets a pinkie up and is truly meant for a queen!  I will have to try the Le Cafe Klatsch next visit.
3	Good service, nice food.
1	We came here for a Christmas Day brunch. After we sat down, the server came over and gave us orange juice. But nobody told us if we should stay at our table, or go hit the buffet--so we went to check out the buffet stations. Some dude dressed in chef clothing was looking very upset standing in front of the stations, I asked him if the food was ready, he pointed at the stations, said "apparently they are not ready", and went back to shaking his head. I guess he was more angry than me at the food being not ready. We sat for another ten minutes, and finally saw the people started moving. We hit the stations--seafood, cured meats, eggs/hot food, and desserts. I have to say, I've had WAY better brunch buffet than this, both in Seattle and in Chicago. The cured meats don't look fresh, the hot foods have various level of warmness. The only good thing I saw was the dessert station and the breads. At least the French people know how to do the sweets right.
4	While I'm not usually the biggest fan of eating in hotel restaurants, particularly in Montreal where there is an abundance of good spots all over the place I must make the exception for Le Montrealais.  I came for the afternoon tea and it was an excellent experience.  It costs about $26 but once in a while it is worth the splurge.The waiter brings out a variety of teas at the beginning to allow you to sniff them and decide on which one you want.  They have a pretty good selection and it is hard to choose just one.  In the end I opted for something traditional like Earl Gray which hit the spot.Foodwise they bring out a variety of traditional tea foods like finger sandwiches, scones and pastries.  The cucumber watercress sandwich was quite good and the scones were divine.  They were served still warm and had a fluffy interior but a crisp exterior.  Pastrywise the strawberry tart was pretty good.  I wasn't the biggest fan of the crust but the pastry cream and strawberries made up for it.  I also quite enjoyed the macarons.
5	Oh you poor yuppy that so foolishly extols the weekend brunch!  You don't even know what a proper brunch is!  Unless you've been to Le Montrealais of course!Because it's nestled in the Fairmont hotel and looks expensive (and it kinda is), Le Montrealais seems to scare away a certain segment of potential clientele.  Which is unfortunate since foodies may really be missing out (I'm looking at you, Yelpers).  Any time I've been here, it seems to be primarily populated by people celebrating graduations, first communions, or marriages.  But I understand why.  They have an immaculate dining room with linen-cloth tables and waiters harken back to the days when wait staff was populated by professionals, not jaded quasi-adults.     The crepes are fresh made the crepe station with toppings added on demand.  The cold buffet is best .......The hot items are constantly being prepared right behind the area where their served....but here is where the buffet suffers.  When the food first comes out, it's easily 5 star quality.  But for every 14 minutes it sits out, it loses a star.  Do you really expect Eggs Florentine to sit out well, what with salmon and spinach congealing?  But the beef cutlets and stuffed porchetta are constantly replenished, so I've never had complaints about either one of them.  And the cheeses, fresh salad bar, and desserts.  They're so varied , I can't even mention it all.  So rather how would I describe the food?  Just imagine what an extensive albeit traditional entrees served at a high end restaurant should be, with a Canadian flair (maple syrup is heavily favored along with blueberries).  Perhaps I have an unfair perception of this place as I'm always a starry-eyed tourist when I come here, but damned if I can't feel like I'm in a moment when I listening to the Cathedral's bells while watching a light snow silently drop as I sip spiced cider with my grand marnier crepes from my table.
2	I ate here today, Saturday, at around 1:30pm. The service was good but a little slow. I was not impressed by the menu. The salad bar peaked my interest so I went with that but it turned out to be ok. Yes, just ok. Aside from the typical veggies, lettuce, and salad dressing there really wasn't much else. A few pre-made salads like beat salad, couscous, mushroom salad. Fruits that really kind of tasted funny. No cottage cheese! No pasta salad or Greek salad. Soup of the day was an extra $9.50 , in addition to the salad bar which was already $18.50. I have no desire to return here. Really did not feel like I got the money's worth.
5	Thank goodness it is in the lobby of our hotel.  After a night of Christmas party dancing this place felt like just what I needed.  The service is tops and the atmosphere is very classy and elegant.  Our server immediately got our beverage orders and we were happily settled in our window side table.  Teas were good and were under the Fairmont brands.  How cool is that.  They do not do that anymore.  I had a the Eggs Benedict and my bestie had the omelette and we were both very happy with our meals.  I must say for my plate the potatoes and asparagus that accompanied it were cooked to perfection!  Usually the sides do not bowl me over but it totally did in this case.  Because I was so hungover I craved a bit more food but something sweet to end the meal.  They had a great selection of desserts in the buffet that you can dig in for $8.50.  Not bad considering how delicious looking they all were!  French pastry...how can you go wrong.  Finally I decided I wanted a simple pain au Chocolat which was not on the menu.  As I sadly gave back my menu to our server I lamented that what I wanted was not on the menu.  He nicely asked what I craved and he said he will see what I can do. Within minutes...et voila!  Chocolate croissant!!!! Perfect!!! So yes I will go back here for the brunch buffet and the tea and the great service!  How addictive that it is all under our hotel!Prices are higher but so worth it.
5	Peaceful place with a view right on the Cathedral. Helpful and smiling staff, tasty food and great alcohol-free colada.Although the prices are rather high, it's definitely worth going. The place is a relief after noisy, crowded and sometimes bad smelling station.
