5	Recently had a hardwood floor installed by these guys and was very pleased with the results! Edward worked very closely with us on picking out the floor we needed and was very helpful. The installation was handled by Juan's crew. These guys did a beautiful job on the installation in a timely manner.There was a minor issue with some stain on a stair nose. This was taken care of in a very professional manner as well.
5	I just had my kitchen floor and backsplash done by them. At the warehouse, Edward helped us pick our tilesl and gave us great desks on them. He's wonderfull!!!Installer did a wnderfull job in timely manner. I would totally recommend them!
5	i gotta say its hard to come by buisness like this any more.i had our installer recomend this place.employees made you feel good and at home.peter was patient and very helpful even though our order didnt go as planned,turns out they were out of the one we wanted.peter did his best to find the same quality and price that we planned our budget on.some times you can do buisness with other places and even after you buy you didnt feel 100% and still looked at pricing after you bought,well not here service and politeness and simplicity of this place made all the diffrence.i will never shop for flooring any place eles but here.
5	We got a great price on our laminate flooring. 98cents. and free padding.Store is great for home decor!!!Friendly people!
5	I can't say enough good things about this place!I found out about this location from ads that they posted on Craigslist for their home furnishings.  They have beautiful furniture and decorative items that are constantly marked down 50% off from their already low prices.  Additionally, they have home upgrade items like countertops, cabinets and backsplashes.  We purchased a large end table for my sister's bedroom that is beautiful and was so inexpensive.The guys that work here are great.  They helped us load our item into my car and helped us out along the way during our shopping experience.  It's a tough place to find, but so worth it.
