5	I went into the D&G store during my recent visit to the premium outlet. I didn't think I would be able to afford anything. I began browsing through and everything was in the 3 digits range. Then I saw a golden floral dress. I decided to try it on just because it looked cute. It has the signature D&G straps and fit really well. I thought it would be a perfect dress to wear to my friend's wedding. Then I checked the price tag - $275 which is cheap to high end fashion's standard. THEN the magic happened. The store was having a sale which all women's apparels were 60% off. I asked the staff to price check and it came out to be $109+tax. The sales team didn't believe the price either and had to double check the price tag. It was correct and I jumped to the offer.
5	Okay, so if you don't know the brand then yes -- you should be prepared for some sticker shock.  And if you do know the brand, well, the outlet prices are still a little expensive -- they're around 50 percent off the regular price, which means that there are still plenty of items with four-digit price tags.The store has a nice selection of men's and women's clothing, including Dolce & Gabbana's famous leatherwear.  They also have men's and women's shoes and accessories, as well as handbags.  They carry both the traditional Dolce & Gabbana line and the slightly less-expensive D&G line.  The reason this store gets five stars from me is the staff -- they're amazing, super helpful and very friendly.  They're also very easy to talk to, unlike a lot of sales associates who work in higher-end stores (even outlet stores).  I very much dislike when people are snobby or ingratiating, and the associates at this store are neither.  They're just friendly, helpful, patient people, and, thanks to them, I'll definitely be back.
4	Came to Dolce & Gabbana on my last shopping trip to Vegas. Some people go to Vegas to Gamble I got to shop, eat and see shows. Having always been a fan of the brand I decided to stop in and see if they had any jeans I liked. One of my big pet peeves with high end stores is when they act snobby. This wasn't the case here. I was helped by Lee and he was really nice. He took his time explaining how to read the tags on the jeans so I knew my size and the style of the jeans. He was also very patient and brought me many different pairs to make sure I got the perfect fit. Over all very impressed with this location. Yes the prices are high but you get what you pay for.
