3	This is your pretty standard grocery store with a pharmacy.  They've got a Chase Bank and a Tully's Coffee inside.  I don't know why anyone would want to bank with Chase or drink Tully's coffee, but they're there.  I suggest you avoid the prepared foods section.  As I walked past the hot case, I noticed that the chicken fingers were gray and I think something in there moved.Other than that, they have most everything a grocery store should have.  The place is in pretty good condition as it was recently remodeled.  They should have done the lighting during the remodel, as it's pretty dismal in there.  There's still enough light to be able to find your Cheetos, though.
4	I go out of my way to shop at this Fry's. I have always been a fan of Fry's grocery stores. There are two locations that are much closer to my home, but I prefer to shop here. This store was recently renovated and has a more upscale atmosphere compared to the other stores in the area. It is always clean and the staff is very friendly. This store doesn't ever really fell packed, and I like that. Happy shopping!
1	For over three years I have been going to this Fry's, largely because it was cleaner and not as hectic as the one at Southern and Rural.  It's been largely the same staff, and I have been happy to shop there.Until today.I'll admit my end of the responsibility.  I was tired, got distracted, and left $40.00 cash back that I had received at one of the quick checkout locations.  I went to get coffee, and noticed it was missing, and immediately went back to the store.  This was all within about 20 minutes.  I figured either someone had turned it in or they would actually engage in some professional and proper customer service.  Well, someone walked off with it, and the store refused to reimburse me.And, no, I do not think it was an outlandish request.  I work in an industry where we are generally required to fulfill this type of request on a constant basis.  It is called customer service.  If I was the manager of the store, or even the owner, I would have figured the $40.00 was more than worth keeping a customer.  And, yes, I have put this in practice privately as well, reimbursing peple who purchased items from me on eBay even though technically there was shared responsibility; it just makes good business sense as long as the person doesn't make repeated demands.As for the store, it is better laid out, better maintained and many of the staff are friendlier than your typical Fry's location in Tempe.  No more than your typical big-name supermarket, but until today I was satisfied.  I know this is partially venting, but it is also something you should consider when going to this location, or any Fry's: they could care less about you as a customer, despite what all their advertising says.
5	Really like this grocery store. Very close to my house,so that makes it nice.   They were even open on New Year's Day which is sad for those that work there.                  Because, no one wants to work on the holiday.  Although i needed some grapes and they were  open.  I know am i part of the problem by shopping there on the holiday.         So sorry for that. Now back to the store...... Everything you ever want is here. There is even a little Tully's Coffee shop!  Food, flowers, nick knacs, dishes, everything!               Lots of parking. Self check out and cashier assisted. Which ever you  perfer. Great store lots of choices.
4	I don't typically review grocery stores but this particular location won we over when I found their bulk section!  I had been looking everywhere (including other Fry's locations) for pearl barley that I needed for a recipe but I couldn't find it anywhere so I gave up.  I wandered into this Fry's one day and noticed their bulk section which, amazingly, had pearl barley!  I know it's kind of sad that something this small gets me excited but, what can I say, I'm easily impressed.Besides the joys that are the bulk section this store has a nicer atmosphere than the other Fry's stores I've been too and seems to have a slightly larger selection as well.  This location has definitely become my new main grocery store.
5	I will drive out of my way to go to this location anytime. There are 3 other locations at equal distance or closer and i would much rather go to this one. The staff is always very friendly and helpful. The store is very clean and keeps a nice appearance. There are a lot of families shopping at this location. Great selection, great prices (I think Frys prices are the most competitive among the larger chains in town).
5	I like this grocery store a lot and go there whenever I need to pick up something, whether it be food items, health and beauty items, or even something as simple as greeting cards. The employees here are very friendly and quite helpful. The store is always clean and presentable and well-stocked on most everything. It's a rare moment when they are out of something.This store has wi-fi accessibility and you can download coupons as you're doing your shopping. The prices I feel are cheaper than the competitors and they always have great deals going. If you're needing a cup of Joe, there is a Tully's Coffee kiosk right inside the store, and if you're in need of money from the bank or have to deposit money, if you're a Chase banker, you're in luck as there is a Chase branch inside the store.The pharmacy is very accessible and the people who work in that department are very courteous and do a great job. They always have good advice for everything from the common cold, to whether or not B12 shots are a great idea. I have never had any problems with this store and I recommend this location. The only drawback I DO have is going there at certain times of the day. Anytime after 4:00 pm is tough because it's hard to get out of the parking lot and back on to Guadalupe Road because of the ongoing traffic. That is taking your own life into your hands trying to work your way out onto the street without getting hit by ongoing traffic. I have had many close calls because people are not paying attention.
4	I like this Fry's. It is close to my place and it is pretty nice for a grocery store. I think the prices are just as cheep as anywhere else. It is nice when they have stuff that I actually buy on sale. They have a great beer selection.I always use the self check out. I just think it is faster. Plus I use a lot of bags because I reuse the bags to pick up my dogs "leavings" when I take him for a walk. They work perfect for that and it is instant recycling.The staff seems nice enough and every thing is usually in stock. The store is nice and clean too.
5	Great store!  They just finished a light renovation and reset some of the aisles.  Now the aisles have signs projecting out from the top of the shelves and you can see from the front or back exactly where your items are and go right to them.  Searches are easy in this store.  Market Place a mile north does not have that feature.  Some sections are a bit cramped though.The produce section now has a potato bar (not sure thats a proper name) but an entire case dedicated to several varieties of potatoes.  Looking for finger potatoes, or purple ones or yukon gold, they've got them. of course they have russets too.  Self check out is a breeze here there are 9 machines.  I prefer this store but the Market Place store is just a little easier to get to.
5	Yes, I'm writing a review about Fry's. But this is my favorite Fry's in all of Arizona (and I've been to a lot).I go here at least once a week, and the customer service here is excellent, except for the person who actually works at the customer service desk who extrudes a pissed-off aura (but is actually a nice person). Every time I go there, I always get a warm feeling from all the employees, and the only time I ever had a problem with this place was when I got an e-mail for an weekly ad about a 99 cent storage container, and on THAT wed morning I went to pick some up, and they said they "sold out". Another lady was looking for them too, and we were baffled on how they could be "sold out" when they were just put on sale less than 3 hours ago, it's not like people lined up for 99 cent storage containers. The lady and I talked to the manager however, and got it sorted out in a timely manner and ended up getting a different container for 99 cents. Every time when I have a problem with the prices or anything, it is always sorted out very nicely and none of the clerks/managers seem to mind.I really like this fry's! It's a good place to shop at.
5	I always shop at this Fry's when I get the chance... my mom loves it here so therefore I love it here....
5	I love this store. I started shopping here in may 2011 when we bought a home close by. It's always clean. The employees are friendly. I've never purchased anything that was spoiled or stale. The meat department is clean and well stocked. Deli has a great variety and prices. Bakery is great. Pharmacy  staff are great and have gone beyond what is necessary on a a couple of occasions. And now the deli has fresh sushi made daily. All this and I can walk to the store. Really happy to live so close to this great store
5	Very happy with this grocery store. Reminded me a lot of Publix (FL) in terms of kind staff, pleasant atmosphere, and great sales.
5	I went there with a friend and the food was very good and healthy for the price we spent. Josh was very nice to us ! thanks Josh and see you when I come back :)
5	I love frys! They have such nice workers and I love how they have everything I'm looking for! They also save me money on gas and have really good deals!
