1	This is more of a rant than a rave...I was sort of seeing this guy and this is his hangout.  I should have known that the relationship was doomed from the start.  Pitchers of swill and bad bar food just didn't cut it for this Yelper, neither did watching sports or hanging out here.
3	The Junction is a place where you can play games, watch sports, bar top gaming and good drinks.  Monday/Wednesday/Saturday nights you will find myself and my family there playing with the free poker league. It is a great place because the bartenders are good people, fun to chat with and always there to keep you smiling and with fresh drinks in hand.  They have pool tables, dart boards (electric), Mind Teezers, and even though they are a Chicago Bear bar I don't mind watching my Boston teams play while I play poker. If your looking for a local pub to sling back some good drinks/drafts and play/watch some games I would recommend Smoke Ranch Junction.
4	I'm not to sure what the last person is talking about.  Ive been here a couple of times and this place is cool as hell.  Yes its a dive, Yes its in a corner hidden away.  SO ARE DIAMONDS.  This place rocks.  Drink specials are great The TVs are positioned the right way and people are friendly.  I'm not saying its the best but it is a cool place.
5	I have been going to Smoke Ranch Junction for over 5 years. It is a great place to get lost and have a great time. It is out of the way and off the beaten path. It is a Chicago Bar and a Bears Bar! No wonder the sore loser from Detroit didn't like it. The people are friendly and the place is clean, even though it has a rustic look. You couldn't ask for a better place to get away and let your hair down without leaving Las Vegas. It is my place to hang out and unwind.  I don't usually write reviews, but I recently got onto Yelp and read a 4 year old review that I just don't agree with. So check it out for yourself and see.  You be the judge.
3	Always wanted to stop by, just never did till today. The place is much larger on the inside then it looks. The decor is impressive and not over the top. Two full size pool tables and plenty of room for everyone to relax while you play. Two digital dart games as well.I was disappointed in the fact they don't have a kitchen so no food, but the bartender stated they may be getting it back soon, so I will definately be back to check it out again.
5	Great service, friendly atmosphere. Great drinks, laid back patrons and a motif that wells suits the area. A definite must if you are in the north Las Vegas area. Owner is very generous as well, good chance you will meet him if you come in.
