3	Was shopping around Biltmore Fashion Park when I noticed a number of people sitting on benches eating out of bright yellow cups. So, I followed the trail to the newest branch of Mojo Yogurt. I had heard from Yelpers that this chain was expanding. After seeing the line of at least 15 people, I decided I had to try it. The concept isn't totally new but there seems to be a big appeal to the masses to get the fro-yo themselves. You can either grab a cup that's about the size of a large in your typical ice cream/frozen yogurt place or larger--talking half the size of a 7-Eleven Big Gulp. You get whatever flavor(s) from about 12-15 dispensers. You can also help yourself to a range of toppings. Then you plop your cup on the scale and they charge $0.39 an ounce. Lemme tell you, it is really tempting to fill up your entire cup. Should be careful as you may end up with more than you can finish. I filled mine about halfway with "Birthday Cake" and "Mojo Cookie Monster" and threw in a smattering of four toppings. My order came to be about $3.75. I'd have to say that is pretty reasonable. The frozen yogurt tasted like its name with no funky aftertaste. I like how the names have some 'tude like "White Boy Vanilla." Shows the people behind it put some thought into it. And pretty much any topping you can think of, they offer. You may want to avoid being in line right behind anyone with little kids. You  might be stuck waiting for a parent to get three people under the age of 6 to make up their minds. The place also has vibrant decor and they play random movies on a few TV monitors. But I'd eat outside weather permitting. The constant influx in a smallish space might make it hard to chat. Still, I don't think the frozen yogurt is worth making a special trip to the Biltmore. But chances are, most  customers are already there shopping. On a hot afternoon, definitely a good option. I'm normally more into ice cream or gelato but this will do if the sweet tooth cries out next time I'm at the Biltmore.I'm a little surprised the Fashion Park people decided to open this next to Haagen Daas, whose patio tables were being used by Mojo patrons. Had to hear some random dude going on about how unfair it was like HD is some struggling mom and pop business. It's Haagen Daas. I think they'll survive.
4	I can't decide if I'm excited or filled with dread that a new Pinkberry knockoff has opened up not even 2 miles from my house. (Interesting side note...when I typed Pinkberry up there, I accidentally hit the o and typed Oinkberry...methinks this has a deeper meaning...)The goods: the yogurt is creamy, tasty, and has lots of varieties, although I have yet to stray from my favorites, tart original and pomegranate. Hubby says the chocolate is the best he's ever tasted. The toppings are the standard fare for the Fro-Yo movement, including plain mochi, which is the only reason I go. The interior design is very hip, very red, very much a purposeful image.The bads: if you go at a busy time, the yogurt gets really soft and goopy because people don't know to put the handles back into the off position. Maybe we need a sign? And of course, it's expensive. I never get out of there for less than $5. Hence the aforementioned dread.And last, but not least, am I the only one who thinks they should be pronounced "Mo-yo?" As in, a clever twist on the product's nickname? The local high school Sassy Magazine wannabes behind the counter looked at me like I was some crazy old lady for even suggesting it. OK, I was wearing my candy-cane pajama pants and a mustard-stained T-Shirt, but still...
3	The husband and I stopped here one night to satisfy a fro-yo craving.  It was alright.  We used to frequent yogurtini in tempe, and mojo just doesn't add up.  The fruit toppings were all canned fruit, there were no syrups and the other candy/goodness toppings were pretty limited, especially compared to yogurtini.
4	We stopped by this place after the grand opening (free yogurt with coupon - had to avoid the crazy line!!) and really liked it! I think that the self-serve stations are a great idea and the frozen yogurt is really good! Cool decor too! While it was unclear to us that you pay by weight, we still managed to get out of there without breaking the bank! However, you will pay a decent amount if you get crazy with all the options! My soon to be brother-in-law filled up the big cup and used so many toppings that I couldn't even see the frozen yogurt - and he spent about $10.00!!! I definitely wouldn't avoid the place - just be careful not to go overboard and you'll be fine!!
4	I am in love...this place rocks... I have been there twice in the last three days, and so far tried the Mojo classic chocolate and the pomegranate and both were delicious....So delicious that both times I got brain freeze from indulging them so fast...you think I would have remembered after the first time..but this stuff is so good you throw caution to the wind and jump right in.Whats really great about this place is that it is self serve. You have several different options you basically walk in and on the back is a shelve of tester cups, so you can sample the different types before you make a decision. That is so choice!!!!So after you sample you can choose either a small or large bowl along with a cup to have a smoothie made...you make you selection and then you continue down to the buffet of extras, butter finger crumbs, pecan pieces, fresh black berries and razz berries, m&m's, and pretty much anything you can think of.  When your all done, you set your cup or smoothie on a scale and pay by the pound not what you get which is a great concept. The staff is always friendly and helpful Love this place.Only drawbacks, it is always pretty busy all the time, there is not a lot of room and is kind of small, and the staff may be nice but they are kind of slow.
4	YUM! After true food kitchen, I decided that the froyoer in me needed to try this place. I have been addicted to frozen yogurt since a young age. I started with TCBY, progressed to Golden Spoon, tried Berry Good (too far away from me) and yesterday Mojo. All the flavors sounded delightful! I am starting to appreciate the tartness that has taken over the frozen yogurt market. I used to be all about sweet, sweet, sweet, now I crave a little tartness from my froyo. I mixed birthday cake with cookie monster and blueberry. Next time I want to try the pistachio and the pomegranate. I filled their monster cup up 1/2 way and my total was $3 and some change. Not bad because this place really hits the spot! Very modern decor with 3 flat screen TVs, space-age swivel chairs, red sparkly quartz/terrazzo floors, red mosaic tiled accent wall. I am having a craving for this place right about now....
2	Several weeks ago, I visited LA and had my first "tart frozen yogurt" experience at Pinkberry. It was thus with great anticipation that I visited Mojo last night with friends. Unfortunately, Mojo is no Pinkberry.The "serve your self" system is reminiscent of a college dining hall and messy. Ditto with the toppings. Presumably, the only advantage to eating at Mojo over Pinkberry is that you can cover your yogurt in as many different kinds of toppings as you want, while at Pinkberry the size of the yogurt your order limits the number of toppings you may select.Comparative forezn yogurt analysis aside, I was also disappointed by their being out of rasberries. That's a key frozen yogurt fruit. Way to be prepared for a busy Saturday  night, Mojo. Have you lost your Mojo?I will wait until a Pinkberry opens in Phoenix before purchasing expensive frozen yogurt again.
2	I'm not a dessert person, so really should not be reviewing this place, but what the hay.  It's a pretty simple concept.  You grab a bucket and fill it with whatever soft serve frozen yogurt you want then put all kinds of toppings on it yourself.  They weigh the thing and you pay something like 39 cents an ounce.  The good thing about the weighing part is you can see directly how much unnecessary junk you are putting into your body, but by that time it's really too late to turn back.  When you eat your creation you will probably ask yourself why you made the choices you made, which will lead to an introspective search.  For me, a recent trip to Mojo brought back my earliest memories of eating Reese's pieces and watching E.T.  So I will say that this place has been therapeutic in reliving childhood memories. As for the yogurt itself, Meh.  It's nothing to write home about.  The stuff seems edible enough but still comes out of a machine in an unappetizing and hard to manipulate tube-like stream.  The lighting and decor inside provides just enough distraction.  On my recent trip, the toppings area was also kind of disheveled by prior messy customers.  Call me a buffet-hater, but any time I have to reach under a glass sneeze guard to self-help myself to a communal troth of food, I can't help but lose my appetite just a little.It met my (low) expectations, but like I said, I'm not a dessert person.
4	You go to Mojo for the complete package, good, unique flavors and topping, fun decor and great people watching.  It is a bit on the pricey side, but good nonetheless!
4	I'm totally a fan!After being provided with sampler cups, me and my mom proceeded to taste every flavor.I was thoroughly impressed by the original tart, the chocolate, the strawberry, and the cookie monster.I opted to be "healthy" and got a small cup of the tart flavor, and put on kiwi and strawberry slices as toppings!The result, delicious!And it was $3.50 for it.  Nonfat yogurt never tasted better to me.  I'm a fan.
5	UNREAL! DO...IT...YOURSELF...fro-yo! what else could i ask for? squirt out the yogurt you want...after trying as many flavors you want...and then putting on as many toppings you want...it's all about YOU as the consumer.but watch out...they weigh it at the end, sweet factory style...and i bet the first time you go you'll fill it up a little too much, but it's so good so it doesn't matter.i personally only liked the "original" flavor topped with strawberries, strawberry mochi and tons of graham cracker crust!! such a good combo that i'm dreaming about it right now. too bad i don't live in phoenix...i did end up going 3 times while i was there though. Mojo..i love you.
4	Mojo is one of the new wave yogurt spots, where you serve yourself. You grab a colorful tub and help yourself to a wide range of flavors and toppings. The texture and tart flavors are real stand outs.The Mojo staff at the end of the self serve line, gives you a colorful fun spoon and a friendly smile & "Thank you!" That amiable service is a nice touch, that drives repeat business.This is a long narrow place, with great colors - small red tiles, dark wood panels, colorful flooring and the Mojo team wears fun complimentary outfits.
3	Mojo! Hello! Could you please order extras of the plain mochi so you're not out of it EVERY TIME I COME IN??? Don't make me settle for strawberry-flavored. And also, please fix the handles or put up a sign telling people to push the handles all the way into the off position so all of the good flavors don't melt and leave me with a gigantic cup full of gloppy goop. OK, of course you know I'll continue to come and spend six bucks a pop for your product, but don't expect me to be all polite about it...
5	Heaven does come in a bowl.  Great yogurt and excellent fresh fruits.  I generally do the chocolate or skinny strawberry (which does not taste "diet-y").  Then I add as many blueberries as I think I'm willing to pay for, some mochi (varied flavors) and then one or two mini-Reeses.  My daughter usually gets about 3 different flavors and all types of the cereal.  Expensive, yes.  But at least we're getting some fruit in the deal!!
4	Dreamy coconut should be renamed "Creamy Coconut."  I don't even like coconut, and alliteration can be annoying, but this stuff is creamy sweet.  I love the fresh fruit toppings.  If you take it easy and fill the bowl less than halfway, it won't be too pricey compared to other sweet treats.  It is a little annoying how busy this place is, and how you have to hunt for a place to sit down, but otherwise they have a good thing going here.  The number of flavors offered here at any given time is somewhat more than at the CityNorth location, FYI.
1	Eh.  Only found one flavor that was ok.  It is a nice clean little place, but all in all, not much to look forward to.
2	It's sad to be bored by a frozen desert while simultaneously intimidated by the foreshadowed wallet wallop. They got me and my wife for almost $10 last night and we both aggregated the experience with our first trip and concluded that we won't be back. The product is plain-Jane regular city junk and I can't believe they will be around for the long haul. Does anyone really believe they are getting something healthy here? Fruit??!!??? You just put a few pieces of lay-around fruit on top of a ton of sugar calories!! And if you got a small portion, WHY? Oh, and you can get a smoothie!! I love it! How about some styrofoam peanuts on that? I'm back to the frozen aisle at Safeway until I can get over to try Sweet Republic. It better be good!
4	Some people think if you have already experienced a trend, you're too old for it when it comes around again. Pffft! Bell bottoms, pink hair, Doc Martens, flannel shirts: I did it once, and if I like it, I'll do it again. That said, I am old enough to have lived through the Wheat Germ No Saturated Fat Frozen Yogurt craze of the early 1990s. Even I was grateful as yogurt's slow demise was hastened by the $5 Cup of Coffee Phenomenon. I have thoroughly enjoyed the Cupcake Craze of recent years, and even dabbled in Chai Tea during its attempted revolt. I'm not discriminating. Every trend gets a turn.So when I saw that Pinkberry was making all of Southern California moist in anticipation, I knew frozen yogurt was making a triumphant return to mainstream America. Accordingly, not unlike chlamydia at ASU, knockoffs began to appear on every corner, christened with stupid names following the current trend of tweaking words to make them "cute", a la "recessionista" and "staycation". Lest we simply repeat TCBY, it's got a twist: the self-serve concept. Ingenious. Keeps your staffing costs down, encourages total consumer narcissism, and gives the opportunity to make serious bank. Brilliant!For the most part, I love it. I adore the tart flavors, with fresh juicy strawberries and almond slivers. Healthy, quick, fresh, the perfect lunch. Because I am not a) a pig or b) a dumbass, I exercise portion control and get the perfect amount for $3.50. After dinner, I can get a dessert I feel good about, while my SO can go to Haagen-Daaz and suck down two giant scoops of ice cream while he complains that his boobs are getting bigger.However... any time you introduce the self-serve concept into food, you're going to get people who act like they haven't eaten in five years and/or have never actually seen a variety of toppings before. Mass confusion combined with gluttony is never a good thing. And, hey, moms out there? When the line is out the door, it's not a good time to let Junior act like he's a big boy by putting on his own toppings. Plus, kids are filthy little creatures; my only consolation is that it is highly unlikely that pediatric hands have ever touched the fresh fruit serving spoons.So yes. I love it. It's delicious. I just try to avoid going at peak hours lest I lose it and shove the face of the slowpoke in front of me directly into a bowl of M&Ms.
3	pro - by weight, you mean i can get a dollars worth of fro-yo?con - by weight, you mean i can get $5000.00 worth of fro-yo?flavors today, green tea, pom, chocolate, cookie monster, vanila, bubblegum, another vanilla type, acai berry.sample cups HOO!!!!!green tea, tasted...earthy..kinda like tea leaves...umm yumm?chocolate, Rich..kinda like steve jobsPom, i love pomegranete. but i couldn't even think of eating more then a spoonfull. the aftertaste was strong and gave me cottonmouth.acai berry..not into it..didn't sample. cookie monster, umm tasted like chocolate. i didn't notice any cookie in it.bubblegum, gummy, in taste not texture. again can only tolerate a little bit.vanilla, was good, but kinda a weird yellow color and weird texture.other vanilla, one was enough for me thanks. did try the original tart one, taste like cheesecake mix sans the sweetness.so what did i settle on for my bucket of yo? chocalate, with a little bit of swirl.  all the fancy or fruity flavors are a bit over the top. a couple cookie crumbles on my chocoale +Swirl was enough for me. it was delish and was perfect for some post shopping cooldown. would i rate it higher? yea most likely..after a couple more visits. will i visit again? yea sure..
2	When I say I've experienced better, it's because I'm thinking of yogurtland and how their yogurt is 2x as good and half the price.  which for you mathphobes means an overall fourfold increase in happiness quotient.The yogurt is decent but the selection lacked things that I wanted.  but being so expensive, I expected more.  the yogurt at golden spoon is much better too.  so i'd say go to one of these other places.
3	This Mojo is definitely nicer and more spacious than the one in CityNorth, but I still have the same issues. First and foremost, it's too dang expensive. 42 cents an ounce?! Give me Yogurtland any day of the week - the yogurt selection is better and it's just 31 cents an ounce! Second, there's still very little seating inside. Third, while the flavors are good (acai was especially yummy, and passion-fruit was good too), they're a little too soft in consistency. This place will do well because of its perfect Biltmore location, but I'll be waiting anxiously for the opening of the new Yogurtland at Scottsdale and Camelback!
3	I found it funny that people were obsessed with frozen yogurt but in CA we have these places everywhere! :) I mean I can see why when it's over 100 degrees in Phoenix. Walking into this little yogurt shop I was already familiar with almost all of their flavors. I love me some pomegranate yogurt! I was a bit confused by the whole 'self serve' concept since in CA I've never gone to a place like that. Given that it's self serve I found it to be a bit messier than most fro-yo places. It would be great if they had different sizes of cups. I felt awkward holding a huge cup when my serving was small. I did like that they had a variety of frozen yogurt flavors. They also have a wide selection of toppings but none that I usually get :( but no worries I still piled on the fruity pebbles and strawberries. They weigh your cup at the cash register...WHAT?! Yes, people, it's self serve but don't go crazy or you could pay $6 or more on a cup of frozen goodness. It looks like they have Mojo punch cards. The retro/modern seating area was nice and they had 3 large screen TVs and retro chairs that look comfy but are not really all that comfy.  Overall, I thought this place was overpriced but very decent in terms of frozen yogurt.
2	If I am going to spend $7.59 on yogurt, it had better be the best yogurt I have ever tasted. Was this the best yogurt I ever tasted? No. Absolutely not. The soft serve frozen yogurt they used to sell at Smitty's blows this out of the water!I have been told that this is just a bad location, and that may be true, but I assume that they all use the same products and have similar setups. It is a franchise, after all.I walked in and there were a ton of people in there but only one employee, so the line was backed up. There were no instructions on how this whole "Do-it-yourself" thing works, so I just assumed you get a cup, put some shit in it, and you pay one flat rate. That  was a $7.59 mistake. I can't afford to be making those types of mistakes. We are in a recession, people!I ended up putting in a squirt of each of the flavors since there was no way to sample any of them (minus pistachio.. I cannot stomach the idea). The only one I would consider eating again is the cafe latte one. The others were too tart for my liking.I did like the extensive topping offerings but was disappointed with the little cheesecake bites. They don't even taste like cheesecake. I want my cheesecake bites to taste like cheesecake. Is that too much to ask?!?It probably doesn't help that I am lactose intolerant and that it was so hot outside that the yogurt melted uber quick, and of course I spilled it all over myself. I know that none of those things are directly Mojo's fault, but hey, I'm on a roll. Sorry Mojo... I'm just not that into you.
4	Its yummy.  And it could be that I don't know any better (never been to any other self serve yogurt + toppings places after all) but the concept is brilliant and this is my first time experiencing it.  I love doing it myself just the way I KNOW i like it.  Adding all the toppings I want, sometimes 10 diff things... a pinch of this, a couple spoons of that ect.The toppings seem to be decent quality and there is quite the variety.  I appreciate all the fruit. They switch up the yogurt flavors every day it seems... my favorite is the white boy vanilla with some chocolate or orange depending on my mood.  I typically add some of the regular tart on the bottom as it provides a nice lil kick.If they don't have sample cups up front, just ask. And also they have customer loyalty cards if you think you'll be coming by frequently.Yes its expensive.  But to me its worth it. I guess it all depends on how you like to eat your yogurt.
3	it's cold. (just what you need in phx)it's icy. (though i like mine creamier)it's varied. (seasonal flavors, creative wanna-be's like root beer, and original yogurt all in a row. mostly too sweet, and not tart enough for my liking.)it's the only one around here! (surprising huh? beggars can't be choosers. froyo in 110 degree weather is better than no-froyo!)swirl slowly.sprinkle sparingly.and weigh in under $5.00 every time. enjoy immediately! (because it's icy, it melts really quick!)ps. i have brain freeze which is why i am writing in fragments. haha!
4	So, I think we got off on the wrong foot. I judged you too soon. I'm sorry. Knowing in advance to be careful with portion control, I had a much more affordable yogurt ($2.91) and enjoyed it much more when I did not have one of every flavor sitting in my cup.Tonight I delighted in the non-dairy berry mixed with a little mint, topped with some captain crunch. Weird combo, I know. But it worked.The berry was a little tart, but the fact that I wont get stomach cramps from the dairy made up for it. The mint was really refreshing and helped mellow out the tart berry flavor. And who doesn't love captain crunch?I still think the layout is a little off. I finally found the sample cups so I got to sample both flavors in advance before committing.Thanks for the awesome customer service and the prompting on Twitter to give you another shot.
4	One thing I am wicked excited about now that I am home is all the Fro Yo around here. I love this stuff and the east coast does not have many options for frozen treats, since well, its only hot for about 3 months, maybe, and its not as trendy as it is out here, naturally. So I stumbled upon Mojo last night.. fn fyeah! I like trying a little of everything so I mixed the Tart Pomegranate, Skinny Strawberry and White Boy Vanilla flavors, topped them off with rainbow jimmy's, gummy bears, fresh strawberries and bits of cheesecake, weird, but f-ing awesome. I was a little bummed that they were out of blueberries and a few other fresh fruit options, but I got there 20 minutes before closing so I can't expect it to be fully stocked at the time.I really dug the whole peace love & happiness vibe going on and it's pretty much perfect for anyone with their non-dairy and low fat options as well. Mojo is awesome, and certainly beats out any JP Licks or Berryline in Bean Town.. totally going back.
4	yo yo, Mojoyou got it workin'pimpin' yogurtfor dessert 'nchillin' snacksya ya, you know itpeople luv you and they show itqueuin' up most every daywaved Haagen Daz"auf wiedersehen"bye bye biltmorethat was dirtyu selfish, evilhurty, yogurtyi dig ice creamrich 'n creamybut must admityour shit is dreamyminty freshpistachioi'm ur biatchand your hoeslave to all your fat-free flavasjust do me, Mojoone small favahgo easy on the ice cream vendorleave a littlelegal tenderlike CD storesalmost extinctstone cold,  gonestand on the brinkbut for nowi'll yank your leverwait & weighwith whatevertasty toppingthat I chooseimaginingthe weight I'll lose....
4	I don't know why I'm doing this to myself...I'm lactose intolerant, but with no soy around, and my allergies to fruit sorbet....upset stomach won.  I had the skinny white boy vanilla, which if flavored after a skinny white boy...I want one!  It felt good in my mouth, not too hard, not too runny when I put the fruit in it. It was delightful.  I only got strawberries and rasberries, but the fact that they had both was a plus! I work right across the street, so any moment I have enough time to cross the bridge in the hot ass summer sun....I'll get some more
5	Went with rada  this evening and this place is starting to grow on me. Had three flavors; birthday cake, chocolate, and sample of the strawberry lemonade, topped with some yummy rainbow sprinkles. This place is much better than that nasty, sticky floored, crappy toppings, and quick melting yougurt, YOUGURTLAND in Tempe...
4	Birthday cake yogurt with fruity pebbles topping. The end.I've gone here so much the price thing has started to bother me...  I cant afford to go at the rate i've been going (once a week)Also, the clientele makes me feel kinda violent more times than not.  Particularly on Friday and Saturday nights.  The comments and laughter of uppity tweens is not for me.
5	You can't go wrong, simply awesome. You have full control of the outcome. I love it..
4	I'm not the biggest "fro-yo" fan, but while watching my friend's daughter I was desperate to fill some time, and thought, "Hey kids like this kind of stuff right?"  Well she did, and so did I!  I got the pumpkin pie flavor swirled with birthday cake and put cheesecake chunks and graham crackers on top - perfect warm up for the upcoming holidays, and of course the kid got crazy with all different flavors and toppings, including the fruity pebbles!  It was a delicious, refreshing dessert, but I'm subtracting one star for crappy parking and pretentious crowd, and one for generally not loving frozen yogurt... but then adding one back because it's open till 11 on weekends.
4	Mojo has quickly become one of my favorite spots for an afternoon snack.  Probably has to deal with that fact that I office a quick 3 minute walk away from the location, but this establishment has really grown on me.First off, MoJo is one of the new Frozen Yogurt Self-Serve concept.  You walk into the store, grab a cup and make your own creation.  These are my favorite type of Yogurt establishment.  It might not look as sexy, as someone who is a trained professional, but I can make it exactly the way that I want it!  Nothing better than that.I suggest the Cookie Monster flavor that they have on a regular feed. But the seasonal flavors that always are popping up is amazing.  They recently had pumpkin, and it was delicious.  Had spice and tasted like a pumpkin pie filling.  The newest "seasonal flavor" that I have tried is the apple pie.  It was very good as well.Watch your eye at these establishments.  You can quickly have a $5 yogurt, and will end up throwing out half of it.  I like to stick to about half a cup (somewhere around 6-7 oz), and usually pay in the $3 range.Mojo is definitely up there with the Yogurtini and Yogurtland concepts that are some of my favorite FroYo establishments.
4	This place is still rockin it.  Make sure to stop in on Tuesdays after checking their Twitter page to see the word of the day!!  Right now they are rockin the Apple Pie flavor and its great!I went yesterday.  Think I am going back today!!
3	Not the best but not the worst place for frozen yogurt. Good number of flavor choices  in comparison to other shops and it varies depending on the season. BUT the last couple of times I've visited the yogurt came out very melted or watered down. Anyone else notice that?
1	Awful Yogurt. How the hell can you screw up the flavor "Chocolate?" Well, Mojo Yogurt can. And they have. I wanted to puke after I took a few spoonfuls in the hope that the next spoonful would be better somehow because it looked like chocolate and it said it was chocolate so it MUST be chocolate...but no. It was just grossness. Oh and the $8 price for it was the last straw.
4	Of all the newfangled "FroYo" places, this is the one I frequent the most. Of course, that is mainly due to the proximity to CenPho & their "twitter Tuesday" special. They have consistent flavors & toppings. I am a creature of habit, so I stick to the cookie monster with tiny little peanut butter cups. Yes, tiny PB cups, so cute! My experience has been that the price is a little higher than the competitors. However, I follow them on twitter and only go on Tuesdays now. They have a "secret" word that, if whispered creepily, gets you 1/2 off the price. So for two frogurts, me & the BF spend about $5. NOT TOO SHABBY.
4	Mojo started off as my favorite frozen yogurt in town. You walk into a trendy atmosphere filled with a variety of tasty creamy frozen yogurts and a buffet of toppings. From tart to cookies and cream, the choices are endless. It's hard to avoid filling up your cup to the brim with the tasty treat. However, the only problem here is that with my frozen yogurt addiction, just like that my frozen treat can exceed $5. While the yogurt is amazing and on a hot desert day, just the thing to make you forget the 100 degree weather, at $4-$5 a serving, it becomes just that...a once in awhile special treat. Be sure to pick up the frequent customer card. After every ten visits, you get a free cup.
2	As a former Los Angeles resident, by far the FroYo capital of the world, I am always willing to try any Frozen Yogurt place because on days like today, it's just a great treat. That being said, I think that calling Mojo a "yogurt" place is a stretch. The "yogurt" had a more "sorbet" consistency because it was more icy than creamy. The flavors were pretty bland and some of them tasted very citrus-y, very similar to the flavors of Pinkberry. Yes, they do have the same self-serve options and toppings as Yogurt Land, but I wasn't impressed with the taste or the price my yogurt. If you want frozen yogurt and happen to be in the Biltmore area, then I guess this would do the trick. Other than that, I wouldn't go back.
3	I have been here twice with my family and was definitely not disappointed by this "fro-yo joint" for its flavorful yogurt and creative toppings...but for the prices...yes. I understand it's hip, it's happening, but five dollars for a small cup of fat free fro-yo? Yeah...this will definitely be a once every few months kinda stop for me...even though its delish.
5	They finally did it, and thus they get FIVE STARS now.  What did they do you might ask?  PEANUT BUTTER fro yo!!  I officially am addicted!  Is it wrong that I have three frequent buyer cards sitting on my desk??  I think not.
4	So, I have had Mojo before and even reviewed one location.  I wanted to try and get my mojo back so I tried another Mojo location.  I'll give it another shot, I'll give Mojo another shot.I was nearing the end of my faux-date with Georgie S and things weren't going great, according to Georgie of course.  Isn't everything according to her?  I knew of only one place I would be able to turn things around.  Mojo Yogurt!  After a light rail ride to my car we drove to the Biltmore.  Now, I knew the concept and all so it wasn't anything new.  The only difference was they seemed to have more flavor choices at this location.  I mixed some cookie monster, cake batter, cookie dough bits, twix, kit-kat, and mini peanut butter cups.  To top it off I paid for Georgie's concoction as well.  I think she even muttered something about me being the best faux-date ever.  Sorry Nathan S :(When I sat down to dig into my creation I was extremely happy.  The bits of kit-kat were the best, with the caramel freezing just a bit to make it crunchy.  I am glad I gave Mojo another shot and will be back in the future fo sho.
5	When I moved to Phoenix from Chicago, I honestly shed a little tear at the loss of my beloved Starfruit.  I didn't think my addiction to frozen treats would ever be completely satisfied again.  Enter Mojo.  For the same reason other people bitch about this place, is the reason I love it.  Tart, icy consistency, and not overly sweet.  Until recently I had only had the fruit flavors, but since these days I can't seem to keep chocolate out of my hands, I decided to try a sweet flavor. Choco-berry and birthday cake.  Ohmigod.  I didn't even need the toppings.  The deliciousness  spoke for itself.  I finished it in approximately 37 seconds, and immediately wished I had gotten the gigantor size.  As a matter of fact, my impending real estate purchase is suspiciously close to this Mojo location. Hmmm...coincidence?  Nope.  Just obsessed.
5	I'm a frozen yogurt snob, as a kid I worked at TCBY (which is debatable if it truly is the COUNTRY'S BEST yogurt...). However, I was skeptical when the frozen yogurt trend swept across Scottsdale and Phoenix. One moved close to me, so I had to try it out. I loved it ever since I walked in. Bright colors and fun decor, and 4 machines of two flavors each (including some randoms like pistachio and choco-berry). And then the topping bar - toppings as far as the eye can see! Before I was #glutenfree, I ate non-stop yogurt and their delicious chocolate chip cookie dough. However, now that I am sans-wheat, I stick to the nuts, chocolate chips, and freshly cut fruit. I love that you can go on their website and see their ever-rotating selection. BUT, what I love MOST is the friendly employees. I know that they are told to say hello goodbye and thanks to everyone, however - the Biltmore employees are fun and friendly. They remember me, and look genuinely happy to be slinging awesome tasting yogurt. They ran out of pecans and helped me to understand the problem with the pecan vendor and that they'd have it back on the menu shortly. How helpful! and PS....remember to follow them on Twitter and get the secret word of the day on Tuesdays, you can get HALF OFF YOUR ENTIRE ORDER! Seriously, what a deal!
3	MoJo teaches me portion control. Because the one time I didn't think about it, I paid nearly $10 for fro-yo. If I had to think about buying food by the ounce, I would be skinny. So just be mindful. I don't care for the vanillas, chocolates and strawberries. They are plain, boring and kinda chalky. I DO like the mango and green tea, topped with fresh fruit, mochi pieces and maybe granola. The cool thing about MoJo is that they were pretty awesome with our company event. They offered our entire agency, a flat rate for each cup so I took this opportunity to pile on the toppings. I probably like the toppings more than the actually yogurt because it has nothing to do with the yogurt.
4	I had been to the Mojo on Mill, however, I'd never tired this one.It had far less flavor options than on Mill, but they had not one, not two, but THREE flavors of mochi and a whole ton a great fresh fruit. I was quite satisfied by the topping selection; if anything, there were too many options!However, what bumps this three star review up to four was the beanie wearing guy at the counter. He was interesting, friendly, and he actually seemed to care about my responses.  Not only that, but I've been to Mojo a ton of times, and no one ever offered me a punch card. He did, and even gave me an extra punch. Service here definitely made the visit!
4	It's pretty good and satisfying! Go get some! It's your typical trendy yogurt place where you line up and pick your size cup and turn the knob and watch it fill up and toss whichever topping you feel like!
5	I love Mojo. The only downfall would be that they are a little expensive compared to other do it yourself yogurt shops around town. However, you can sample to your hearts desire which is awesome! SO GOOD!
5	MOJO yogurt is just fab! Love the flavors, love the toppings, love that it is all self serve.The only thing I don't love are the giant cups! It always makes me buy too much! And then eat it. My favorite flavor so far is the cookie and the mint one.
1	There are too many ice crystals in Mojo Yogurt.  I threw half of mine away.  I prefer creamier fro yo.
5	These are my peeps.  I am here at least once a week, mostly on Twitter Tuesdays.  I am the Mayor of this Mojo Yogurt location.  No, I didn't get a freaking parade.  On Twitter Tuesdays, they announce the "word of the day," which gives you half off.  HALF OFF.  That's marketing, people.Though I will try different flavors of yogurt, I love the coconut and the acai.  My toppings are always always always mochi and strawberries.  If you don't know what mochi is, get some culture in you.  This is actually just part of mochi, but it's really good and I love the chewiness.  (I can't believe that chewiness is really a word and didn't show up with a red line!)Anyway, the customer service here is stellar.  I never use that word because I think it's WAY overused, but it works in this case.  They know my name here.  Well, I tell them all the time.  Because I'm the MAYOR.  (I wouldn't brag about it so much if Amber didn't brag about being Mayor of Dunkin' Donuts! ;} )
5	cool modern place.  great fozen yogurt.  loved it.  helpful staff.
4	Really - one size cup and it's huge? I see what you're trying to do here but you won't get me with your giant cup shenanigans. I had some Acai, pomegranate AND coconut, and there was still some daylight at the bottom of that enormous cup. Way to go with the samples! Though *someone* who will not be named might have stolen some chocolate chips. Just sayin'I'm sure you made up for it by selling someone a jam-packed 16 ouncer!
5	MOJO sets itself apart from other yogurt places in a major way.the space- it is so pretty! i love it in there. the hands-free sanitizer- thank youthe EASE of getting a sample- amen making your dream smoothie- what a genius concept. haven't done it yet but today is tuesday. Twitter Tuesdays- that's whats up. The ingredients are so fresh- in fact the last time I was there I saw them slicing fruit. and most importantly, the employees. SERIOUSLY! how in the world did you find such awesome people?!?! other yogurt shops need a lesson from yall.$.42 an oz is a bit higher than other stops but i never feel ripped off. in fact, i am now questioning how legit the other shops scales are. either way, if you go on Tuesday there is no way you will find a better deal. I always leave happy and you will too.
5	My son (he's 4) and I LOVE Mojos!  Great tasting yogurt thats not too sweet and is perfectly refreshing.  He loves picking out toppings - I've had to limit him to 5 toppings because he wants to put everything in his bowl!  We often stop by when they have their Facebook special words and you get half off - love that.  The only thing I don't like is that sometimes its a little hard to work the machines to put the yogurt in the cup.
4	It's a self-serve frozen yogurt shop. That's really all there is to say. You get a choice of what kind of yogurt you like, you can top it with whatever toppings you like, and they charge you by the ounce. It's pretty good, and only costs a few bucks for a decent (semi-healthy) snack. If you like frozen yogurt, you'll like Mojo. If don't, you'll hate it.
5	Yup, still love this place.  I've been to four other fro-yo places since then, and they pale in comparison.  Mojo's is great because they have good customer service, fresh and plentiful toppings, and quality frozen yogurt.  I got the new flavor of pomegranate, root beer, and  passion fruit today with  kiwi and fruity pebbles.  It was the best $5 that I spent!  I just love that everything is fresh and you always see the staff cutting up fresh fruit.  I think that this location is nicer than the City North spot in regards to staff and selection.
5	Mojo Yogurt is terrific! I took a group of about 100 (13 teams) volleyball players to Phoenix in June, and every single player just loved the awesome yogurt & toppings!
5	Mojo Yogurt is full of win. Why?1. You can sample all the flavors before deciding which one(s) you want.2. Great flavors, including dairy- and sugar-free options.3. Topping bar! Yeah, there's the standard fruit and candy, but there's also cereal! How awesome is that!?4. Rotating flavors! While it hurts my heart that pistachio isn't a permanent flavor, it's fun to see what is available each week (hint: follow Mojo on Facebook and/or Twitter to find out which are the flavors of the week at each location)5. Speaking of Facebook and Twitter, the folks at Mojo are awesome when it comes to social networking. Not only are they funny, clever, and never over-the-top with lame or excessive posts, but they make it a point to be personal and reach out to the Mojo lovers in their own community. I know I'm just another customer, but the fact that someone replies to my tweets and even comments on my crazy screaming kitty icon makes me feel like I have a small voice... and that customer service is really important to this company.6. And while we're talking about customer service, the people at the counter are great! They didn't even make me feel silly the first time I cashed in my Tuesday word of the day!7. The Tuesday word of the day grants you 50% off your entire purchase when you mention the word to the cashier. Half-off yogurt? Yes, please!This place has a great business model going on, and they're doing everything right when it comes to customer interaction, customer service, and reaching out to other local businesses.I have only two complaints:1. I've chosen peanuts and almonds as toppings on two separate occasions. Each time, the nuts were bad. there's nothing worse than rancid peanuts on your coconut yogurt or stale almonds on your pistachio yogurt.2. There's not a downtown location near my home!Keep up the greatness, Mojo - you have a lifelong fan in me!
4	Of all of the Mojo Yogurts I have visited, this is the best one. Park in back for free.
4	With the weather still in the triple digits and the frozen yogurt trend still going strong (luckily!) I've been frequenting Mojo as much as my pocket book will allow and I'm never unhappy with the product and experience I receive! The environment is fun, I love the classic films they play on the flat screens, the flavors come and go but classics like the chocolate cookie still stay and I love the variety of toppings. I also enjoy the smoothies they serve at Mojo. So in these hot summer months, you may easily find me cooling off and filling my cup to the brim with fruity pebbles, yogurt chips, graham cracker and maybe some mochi. On a healthy day, I'll stick to fruit toppings and they always have the freshest and sweetest fruit.
5	Mojo is awesome!  Not only did they just inform me that my office (The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society) just won an office party from them, but they have 50% off every Tuesday with the secret word!  Love it!
4	How does one say no to fro-yo?Mojo is where its at. They do fun company parties..give away free frozen yogurt to deserving people.. have enough of a selection to keep you intrigued but not too many choices to keep you indecisive. They have a little dust buster to clean up between topping spills and they weigh by the oz. You pay for exactly what you want,no pretermined size--how awesome is that?This Mojo (@ the Biltmore) gets bombarded by kids on the weekends and therefore we try to avoid the "kid-populated" times only because it will be impossible to find seating and/or hear yourself think. TUESDAYS are the day to go because if you follow them on twitter you will learn about their word of the day which will get you a 50% discount if uttered at the register.My Mojo:2/3 skinny vanilla1/3 fat free chocolatefresh strawberries + (depending upon my mood) cheesecake bites or crushed thin mint cookies.
4	This place was great. I'd love some more flavor options but the fact their fruit was fresh, tasty and had variety! Love the smoothie option!
4	Yummy...I really like this concept and this place!  The yogurt flavors were great and I love that you can choose your own toppings to put on it!  Cool atmosphere inside too!
4	I have to admit when i first visited Mojo's  i was skeptical because it was the first frozen yogurt establishment that i had ever visited in Arizona. I didn't know about Red Mango at the time or any of the other establishments that i have reviewed on yelp pertaining to frozen yogurt. I walked into the establishment and thought i was walking into a plush nightclub...the marble floors, the lighting, the seating, the whole setup was very posh...i couldn't believe it. It has enough space and sample cups for you to truly enjoy the bounty of flavors and fresh fruit toppings they have. It costs about 42 cents an ounce, which is a little high...but no one seems to mind as the place is always packed. As for the yogurt well it is simply delicious and again the atmosphere of the place is so calming despite the crowds. I always go to the one @the Biltmore just because it is closest to my house but it is very upscale so to speak and i like the mostly adult scene over there. I know there have been some complaints about the kids...but usually when i go it is not a problem whatsoever. So if your ever in the mood for some great frozen yogurt....give mojo a whirl. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	Let us begin by dissecting the word "yogurt". Yo - traditional urban greeting, often accompanied by a high five or complicated handshake.Gu - short name for the Chinese bangu or "flowerpot" drumRT - abbreviation for Re-Tweet: the act of posting on Twitter what another already has, usually as a sign of approval.Therefor, the word loosely means: Hello, bangin' stuff of which I approve.In a world where "FroYo" has become a trend, Mojo does it right. The yogurt is delicious and the flavours are swapped out often so you never get bored. The toppings are fresh and yummy.  The staff is great.Where they really hit the spot though, is  their customer service/marketing/social media.  Follow @mojoyogurt on twitter and you will get a link to the password for half priced treats on Tuesday. You will also get interaction. I actually received gift certs for interacting and giving feedback from my experiences and...and...they directly addressed my marshmallow cream issue. Seriously no one does it better.
4	Tasty fro-yo and super fresh toppings!  Wish I'd have logged into Yelp to see their special offer... oh well.  $0.42 an ounce here... bit more than other places but I'm sure it's because of the location.See ya there!
4	My favorite fro yo in all of Phoenix.Toppings bar was full of fresh tasty looking toppings including all of their fruit.  They had yogurt chips-yum.  I also was impressed with their passion fruit flavor, blueberry, and of course any staple...original tart.Get you some and then go buy some lovely shoes and the neighboring shops...I did.
5	I'm not usually a fan of sweets but they have a perfect balance in their consistently superb variety of changing flavors.
3	Good flavors and toppings.  Seemed pretty pricey too.  I agree, pay attention when you are filling your cup with all of those flavors and toppings that you will be charged by the weight.
4	One of my favorite summer treats!  Love the variety of yogurt flavors
4	After you leave Mojo Yogurt with the tangy sweet tastes, you feel like you got your "mojo" to kick butt the rest of the day.  I have been to many yogurt establishments in the latest yogurt craze.  Yogurtland does a pretty good job getting the rich and creamy flavors, but I think Mojo does the best on the fruits.  There is a lot of zest and flavor into the fruity yogurts.  All the toppings look extremely fresh like a farmer's market to go with the yogurt.  I liked all the flavors, as I put a mix of different fruit flavors into my cup.  I came to this establishment in Biltmore shopping plaza, and I hope they build one closer to Old Town Scottsdale soon!
5	I love Mojo! This was my first time at Mojo and it was great. I love that you can help yourself and sample whatever flavor you want. I couldn't believe how each flavor tasted exactly like the flavor it was supposed to be. The chocolate cake tasted exactly like chocolate cake, the mango was an exact mango, the snauzberry tasted like a snauzberry. We decided on a combo flavor and did "skinny raspberry" and "white boy vanilla" with just a tiny bit of kit kat. It was soooo good. The raspberry was really tart and refreshing and the vanilla was a great compliment. This is a great place for kids or couples on a date. I can't wait to go back. If you go, don't forget to ask for a punch card!
4	1. sample cups2. soooo many flavors3. soooo many toppings4. fun cartoons, b movies (at Biltmore, can't speak for other spots)5. groovy decor ok not really #6, but I have a good eye, and none of my fabulous creations have gone over $4.50 - but friends have gone 6-7+ ...not that it mattered to them, they enjoyed every bite
4	Yum yum yum.  Yum yum.  Yummy.  A little on the pricey side, but the 25% off by mentioning Yelp is a great deal!  Go and enjoy!
4	Make sure to check in on Yelp to get a buy one/get one credit.The Biltmore store is a ton of fun with its goofy red floor and its looping cartoons. And you may even run into a pro athlete (Suns' forward Grant Hill, who opened the door for my niece, who about died when I told her who he was).Mojo is not cheap, but the service and atmosphere are superb and I'd say the price point for the total experience is about right. Kids and adults appreciate the sample cups and the ingredient bar is always well stocked. For lactose hating guts, Mojo offers a dairy-free yogurt, which I'd never put in my mouth but seems like a very nice gesture toward the afflicted.
5	Original yogurt and skinny strawberry these have got to be the best EVER Always a fun experience. Cleanliness and high standards must be SOP. Location is always clean regardless as to how busy it is!  helpful staff always willing to make suggestions and answer questions!!  Will be back many many times!
4	I have been to this Mojo fro yo location several times now and really enjoy their yogurts! The yogurt tastes great, is light and refreshing and somewhat healthy if you avoid all of the chocolately/candy toppings yet they offer tons of fruit options. Priced by weight, a great stop after retail therapy at Saks or dessert after Stingray Sushi or True Food at the Biltmore. A must try, plus they have punch cards for free fro yo after a couple of visits! :)
3	Maybe my palate for frozen yogurt is different than most, because Mojo would not be my first choice for frozen yogurt. I constantly see people check-in at Mojo Yogurt. People seem to like the yogurt there. Tonight was my second visit to Mojo. I probably would not have gone there normally, but I met some friends that that were already at the Biltmore shopping. Tonight I tried three different flavors chocolate, vanilla, and lemon icebox. The vanilla was by far the best. I am a chocoholic but the chocolate was way too sweet and over the top. By this I mean that it remind me of the time when I was a kid that I tried to drink Hershey's Chocolate Syrup out of the can. I didn't like the lemon icebox at all. Again, it was too sweet. In fact it was so sweet that it made my teeth hurt. The service was ok, but it could be much better. There were three employees working the floor. I will call them Iman, Harry Potter, and Chrissy Snow. Iman was working her butt off. She was constantly in motion cleaning tables, picking up trash, and working the register. Harry and Chrissy were socializing and watching Iman do all the work. There were only a few customers when we arrived, but that quickly changed and the store became quite busy. By the time we got to the register, Iman asked Harry for help. He is the one that weighed our yogurt and rang up our purchases. When my friend pulled out a coupon, Harry let out a loud sigh and snapped, "You know you have to fill out the back of the coupon." At this point Chrissy disappeared to the back of the store. A few minutes later I noticed that Iman was back on the register by herself, and Harry was outside chatting with a couple that I assume were his parents. The line at the register was growing longer, and you could tell customers were becoming frustrated. Iman was also visibly frustrated with Harry. She kept shooting exasperated looks at him outside. I heard Harry's mom tell him, "She looks busy, you should go back in and help her."Harry continued chatting with his parents, and the line at the register became even longer. Iman looked frustrated and was working her little heart out trying to wait on customers. Finally, Harry relented when his mom again told him to go back in and help Iman. It was very obvious that Iman was doing most of the work, and that the others were just there. I know that this is just a self-serve yogurt place,  and I should not expect the same service that I would get at a sit down restaurant. However, it was a busy Friday night, and you would expect that there would be adequate service to move customers quickly through the line. There really isn't an excuse for the backed up line at the register. They had adequate coverage. It was just very obvious that not all of the employees were committed to providing the service to adequately wait on customers.
5	In my mind, most of the new DIY fro-yo places are pretty much the same.  What makes Mojo best?  Best fruit flavors (they almost always have either Pom-NRG or Acai available), best fresh fruit toppings, and the availability of BOGO coupons via the web.  My choice over Yogurtology, Zoyo, and the other 5-10 places I've tried in the Valley.
5	I have been to a lot of frozen yogurt places, many that I did not like. This is probably my favorite place and I have only been here once this weekend!Make sure you check in for a buy one get one free deal! Its awesome!I love how you can do the standard yogurt with topping, or you can have it all in a cup and have them blend it for you with a boost. I checked in and my girlfriend and I did the whole buy one get one free deal. I got a regular and she got a shake. The flavors are all pretty good. My favorite is the Pom nrj. Sooo good and really tart. Those poppers that they have are sooo good. They have those mango or lychee poppers that bursts flavorful juices into your mouth, a great surprise. I was thoroughly impressed. They said if we we guessed how much it was going to cost, we can get it for free. I guessed 6.63 and it was actually 6.69, SO CLOSE!!!Will definitely be back!
5	The best froyo I've ever had is right here at Mojo!  All the flavors were really good, and they had a nice array of different flavors.  My personal favorite was the Pom NRG, and then the second would be the raspberry cheesecake.  My boyfriend had the regular frozen yogurt and I put mine in a cup to blend.  Very cool concept that I haven't seen in other froyo places by the way.  I mixed mine with pom NRG (which is like pomegranate), mango tango tart, passion fruit bliss, and luscious lemon.  I also added a slim fit boost, which is free!  In addition to that, there were the toppings, which were delicious too.  The lychee and mango poppers were very unique and tasty!  Needless to say, I added those for my blend, as well as real lychee, strawberries, and kiwi.I'd also like to add that the whole modern decor of it was very nice.Don't forget to check in if you have a smart phone!  It's buy one get one free!  And if you guess the price of one of the yogurts then you get that free too.  I was pretty off, but my boyfriend was three cents away from it!  If you don't have a smart phone (like me, boohooo), you can also print out a coupon.Major props for the taste and originality!
5	My wife says the best frozen yogurt in Phoenix.  I don't the stuff too much, but I do enjoy the free samples.
4	I have been visiting Phoenix for the last week and living in Washington (land of granola and rain) I have a favorite froyo place and have been to many different places.  To me Mojo seemed pretty cool with the serve yourself that many places now have. They have a wide variety of fruit, candy, nuts, and granola to put on top as well as many choice of yogurt. The place was nicely decorate, fun, young and inviting. Seemed like a pretty nice place, plus there is the Yelp check-in deal BOGO.After sampling a few different types of yogurt I settled on original the first visit and original/pomm swirl the next. Both time the yogurt starts out tasting really nice but by the 5th bite it gets really really sweet. It's not the toppings I put on I put pretty much the same stuff every time.Overall nice experience, great options, but not so feat taste.
3	One of the best yogurts I've had in a while, and the service was very good.
2	This yogurt shop has the single highest price in the city of Phoenix for their treats. And there is nothing special at all about their yogurt! Really lacks quality toppings as well (for example, they don't have Reeses Peanut Butter Cups -- they have "PB Cups" ripoff tiny things with no flavor). The store is always dirty, the ingredients mixed up and messy, the yogurt machines dripping. They have no reason to charge 10-12% more than anyone else for the same yogurt. Plus, they don't post ingredients so if you have an allergy to eggs or other ingredients, you can't find out if you are safe!!! Plus, no calorie postings!
4	This is my favorite yogurt place, bar none!!!!!!I love the choices and the fabulous selection of toppings. I have been to many other yogurt places but constantly go back to MOJOs. The 1/2 price coupon is great (get it on their website).Can someone tell me what the yelp deal is????
3	Just OK.  This last visit a couple of the machines weren't working so the flavor selection was a little limited.
3	We visited Scottsdale and Phoenix last weekend and made a stop here while walking around the mall since it was 100+ degrees outside. The decor is really bright and fun and they have little cups so you can taste the various flavors. Initially I thought the froyo tasted just okay, nothing special until I tasted the pomegranate which was awesome in my book. I don't really add toppings to my froyo but there are a variety of toppings to choose from if you like. They will also blend yogurt flavors and add ins of your choice which is more like a smoothie or milkshake at that point. Other reviewers mentioned that this place is pricier than others in the are. Since I am not from the area I wouldn't know but when I was given the price of the foyo I bought I was pleasantly surprised because it was cheaper than I expected. Maybe where I am from the froyo is expensive but the price of froyo was okay in my book. Since I love froyo I would come back and definitely get the pomegranate yogurt no question.
3	Ok i really dont get it - why does everyone like this place? I'm from Dallas and was visiting Phoenix - in Dallas, we have a TON of self-serve froyo places so i'd like to think i have good context when i say that Mojo is just "eh". It's really watered down yogurt, tastes more icy than creamy. So what's the hype?Also, when we walked in, we weren't greeted by anyone - there was 1 girl working but she seemed annoyed that she had to work there on a Friday night and paid more attention to her iPhone.
4	This is more of a 3.5 star review, but there were a few things that made me round up rather than down.1) You can't go wrong with a Yelp coupon. Buy one get one free? Yes please! To take advantage of the coupon, check in and BAM! Coupon appears. I love it when that happens.2) The frozen yogurt is good! There are a lot of selections - both of the fruit and confectionery varieties - and the flavors are very tasty. I didn't like it as much because I realized I'm more of a sorbet girl. But on that note, they have one super tasty "country lemonade" sorbet available.3) It's hard to beat the location. Plus, the outdoor seating is just perfect on a chilly, rainy Phoenix evening. I suppose it's a little weird to be eating frozen desserts on a night when I was bundled up more than normal (I had on a scarf), but I certainly wasn't the only Phoenician enjoying a frozen delight outdoors in November.
4	My standard for FROYO is Pinkberry (being from LA) so it's hard to find a place that exactly matches the same taste & consistency. I sampled the original which was a little ICY for my personal taste. They have several self-serve yogurt flavors and a bevy of toppings. It's pretty cheap I believe about $0.35 p/ounce.The inside decor is really cute :  bright red colored walls with clear colored chairs. You have to ask the counter gals for sample cups which are really HUGE.
4	What can I say?  9 check ins here - that damn b1g1 coupon on Yelp.  It is SUPER good and reasonable, it usually is only around $5-$6 with the b1g1 for both my bf and I.  Large variety of toppings, and it is possible to stay away from the circus animal cookies and various other high calorie goodies and stick to a reasonable blueberry/ strawberry/ almond kind of semi-healthy thing.  I always get the original tart.  BF tried the Red Velvet last time and I kid you not - tastes EXACTLY like red velvet.  They took their sample cups behind the register, you can still get them, you just have to ask.  I have seen well dressed women take their daughters in there and then walk out with enormous samples having not purchased anything - this is no doubt why. Just goes to show, people can be cheap even at the Biltmore.
5	Mad love for Mojo, lots of people I talk to are on the fence about them though. For my money, I think Mojo is where it's at, and I've been around the FroYo block. I'm up here at least once per week usually and it's always clean and kept up extremely well. Although it is the buy one get one free check in offer (with the yelp app on a smartphone) that keeps me coming time and time again.I would likely still come by if it weren't for the check in offer, just not quite as frequently. The staff are always friendly.They've always got one or two changing flavors, and there are 4 or 5 staples that seem to remain every week. The chocolate flavor leaves something to be desired, but everything else is good. My favorite is the cookie monster (aka cookies n creme) which has been available week after week since I started visiting.If you're a fan of tart they have a few to choose from and they always have at least one or two non dairy (fruit only) flavors like pineapple or tropical. I tend to mix it up and put a little of just about every flavor into my cup. Catch a movie across the street, take a stroll through the Biltmore Courtyard, or sit and people watch as you enjoy your frozen delight. You can't go wrong with Mojo!
2	I can't complain too much, and I do feel bad about the 2 star review, however the tag with it is "Meh. I've experienced better." Which is so true. It's a nice location, clean and whatnot.... but so are all the other yogurt shops. It is a little small inside, and they don't offer a whole lot of seating. I do appreciate the fact they will blend up your concoction for you, but it is something I would never par take in, i put way to many things in my cup that would just be weird sucking thru a straw. Mojo is by far way more expensive than any other place I have been to. Again, it's ok, but drive a few more blocks to Yougurtini down the way, it's less expensive at the very least.
5	Best chocolate yogurt I've tasted. I absolutely love this location!!!!!
5	A shining oasis in the hot Phoenix sun!Six long days trekking through the Sonoran Desert, with a crushed will to go on, torn and battered from limb to limb, and only a few drops or warm water left in my canteen. Suddenly, on the horizon I see a shining, life giving, shaded oasis of food and drink; if only I can stretch on just a bit further. This is the feeling you get when sitting in your car on a hot Phoenix day.Skip the heat and aim for Mojo Yogurt!Outfitted with 5, two flavor machines churning out perfect consistency yogurt, Mojo is one of my favorite stops. The buy one get one yelp check in deal aint bad either, which means I get to bring my favorite gal along with me! They've always got a few rotating flavors, and always have at least one or two non-dairy fruit only choices for the lactos free crowd or if you're just feeling a bit fuity that day. I like to mix and match my cup with four or five different flavors, sort of like a neopolitan yogurt. Some people like to go all in with one flavor. Gussy up your dessert with some of their fresh toppings like Strawberries, Kiwi, dark chocolate chips, peanut butter cups, mochi, and more. You'll be able to mix up one awesome personalized creation.Catch a movie across the street, take a stroll through the Biltmore Courtyard, or sit and people watch as you enjoy your frozen delight. If you love froyo as much as I do, you will guaranteed enjoy your trip to Mojo.Cheers to all your Yelping tastebuds!
5	The cool thing about getting frozen yogurt is that you can either get a little or as much as you want.  My favorite flavor is the nutella.  Either way you will always be satisfied with Mojo frozen yogurt.
5	Great selection of yogurt, impressive toppings and a very friendly staff. You will not be disappointed!!
4	While I was at the Biltmore, I got a tip from a fellow yelper to hit up Mojo Yogurt. I'm not a huge dessert person, but it was hot as hell and frozen yogurt sounded like heaven to me.You can try as many flavors as you want and I couldn't decide on just one so I picked three small portions of lowfat yogurt. The trifecta of flavors with passion fruit bubbles and lychee! Blueberry, Pomegranate and Tangerine Dream. It was so good.I really wanted to do the whole Buy One get One Free thing Yelp Check-In and bring one back for my guy, but I'm glad I didn't because by the time I made it back to the hotel (less than a block away) it was melted froyo soup. Still amazing.
4	Not going to lie, I thought the place was closed when we walked up to it. It's not exceptionally well lit on the inside and the outside is adorable but misleading. Anyway, the inside is very chic. A heavy red tint on the walls and very modern, Asian-inspired seating. Not a massive selection of yogurt choices but they had "white boy vanilla" so that makes up for anything else they may lack. Really impressive candy/fruit bar and by the cup counter they had tall, smoothie cups too. So that's cool that they serve more than just yogurt. Really cool place!
5	They dont have my red velvet flavor anymore :( BUT they have TWO flavors of JUICE POPPERS!! and thats a beautiful thing!
4	Good mixes and great yogurt.  Probably our favorite yogurt place.
5	Oh nom noms!  Mojo is awesome!  Go for the fruity flavors and all their fresh fruit toppings.  Staff is always friendly and helpful.
4	Awesome spot for frozen yogurt. Cool shop too. They have a variety of flavor and they are blended perfectly. When I was there for business I'd walk over a few times a week to get some. Great customer service too!
5	I'm obsessed with this place. What more can I say? Delicious yogurt, and awesome toppings.
5	Just enjoyed some frozen yogurt and it was perfect. Awesome flavor and actually cold enough to stay frozen for a while.
5	My boyfriend and I come here every friday for date night. It's our thing :)) They have variety of flavors and they blend in perfectly especially with the fruits. Yummmm.  Very clean, spotless not even a crumb on the table :)And we always use 25% off coupon when you check in on yelp :))
1	Went there several weeks ago.  Gnats all over the toppings.  Told staff who seemed to care less.  "What am I supposed to do about it."  Messaged Facebook page. No response,  tried info form on web.  Did not work.  Emailed execs.  Was told that there is an infestation in between the hall of the interior of the building but gnats don't transmit viruses.  Was also promised a gift card by Hitesh VP of operations for my valuable feedback.  That never happened.  Seems like in reading Yelp, this has been going on since at least April of 2013.  Lackluster response.  Go try another place because its clear they care less about your health.  There are plenty of clean places out there.
1	Boo, mojo closed down...
