5	This is a great family owned Mexican food restaurant. It recently opened and has been a great success with the local community. They serve tacos, sopes, burritos, enchiladas, etc. The staff is friendly and the restaurant is very clean. I would definitely recommend trying the chiles rellenos!
5	One word. Bomb, I'm originally from Cali, I know Mexican food, been to TJ and Ensenada a number of times and the food here compares, family owned and ran, the prices are very reasonable and food is very tasty, would definitely recommend if in the area
5	We were just driving around trying to find good Mexican food and decided to stop here, the food was very good! We wanted to try a few different things so we had Carne Asada tacos, Carnitas Tacos, Carne Asada Sope and a Al Pastor Sope. Also my husband tried a Carne Asada Torta and everything was So good. We can't wait to come back.
5	My hubby and I and our friend, Juan, love this place! The chile rellenos are my favorite. The chile is tender and loaded with cheese and great sauce on top. My hubby and friend have a new favorite in the Cubano Torta. Also have enjoyed the cheap tacos, enchiladas and burritos. Soooo happy to find a true mom and pop Mexican food place that is authentic.
5	Highly recommend this place.  Jose the owner is very friendly and an excellent chef
5	What a refreshing change in Mexican food! We felt as though the owners had invited us over to their home for dinner. Having moved from TN to this area the experience made me think of a Mexican Meat N Three. Fresh food that was homecooked.
5	Really great food and the pricing is hard to beat. Wasn't busy at lunch on a Wednesday, so seating was plentiful and food arrived quickly.
5	We finally stopped in here for lunch today.  The owner was friendly.  The restaurant appears very clean.  There are lunch specials from which to choose in addition to the regular menu.  We ordered from the lunch specials.  For $3.99 your choice comes with refried beans and a side of rice.  While we were waiting, a basket of tortilla chips and salsa were brought out.  The food was very good.  This is definitely a keeper!  I'm sorry it took so long to get there!
5	Simply great Mexican food at great prices. Without a doubt, I will be eating here often as I attempt to eat everything on their menu. Service was excellent, but their food is the reason I'll keep going back. With real Mexican food restaurants like this, I have no idea how Taco Bell exists in Arizona.
5	Oh wow... I stopped in after having gone down too many wrong roads whilst hungry. I had the chile relleno combo plate, and I am so glad I stopped at Don Pancho! Hands down, best Mexican food I have had in Arizona! Great horchata too! I need to get lost more often...
5	Yet another fabulous meal!  The service is pleasant.  It is a pleasure eating there.
5	We really enjoyed this place! We are on a road trip to California and decided to stay the night in the Phoenix area. So we checked Yelp for good reviews and this place came up, and they were right on. The food and service were fantastic!
5	It didn't disappoint in the slightest, I had the marinated grilled pork and it was delicious. Service was friendly and restaurant was clean (from what I could see). Prices were reasonable.  I've had bigger burritos at other places, but if you prefer quality of quantity this is the place. The burrito I had was enough to fill me up and I didn't leave hungry.
5	First of all, I always compare places to my mom's real Mexican food. Nothing ever comes close to my moms food! I don't go to Mexican food restaurants often, but I decided to try this place out because of how many times the place has switched owners and names. I've always tried the different restaurants this place has become. I'm glad I checked it out! The food was awesome. I haven't tried everything yet, but I have tried the tortas, beans, rice, and quesadillas. It was all great and full of flavor. It is probably one of the only places that comes close to my moms Mexican food which to me is saying a lot! Besides the food, it is a great place to eat. Very welcoming and clean. The people who work there talk to you like family, and the place is most likely run by family. I like to support local small businesses like this. So go and do the same and try it!
5	This place was absolutely delicious. Doesn't look like much on the surface, but my party had a variety of dishes and nothing was less than stellar. The sopes are the best I've ever had, and the corn quesadillas were crispy and perfect.
4	Really tasty food. I got the chili relleno and an enchilada with beef. The beef in the enchilada was just average but the relleno was very tasty. Horchata was nice too but too sweet. Overall a great place and I would go back.
5	Reluctant to write this review as I don't want this place busier than it already is. What a gem this little place is. Arrived on Saturday about 1:30 and the place was packed, not a table available so we waited a few minutes until one opened up. I had carne asada taco's and pastor taco's with beans and rice. Everything was outstanding and left me wanting more. We were the only non-hispanic people in the place so it has a big Mexican clientele which tells me it is good. Will definitely be back (today for lunch) for great mexican food.
5	If your from California and your looking for great carne asada look no further!!! Ive been to every taco shop around the avondale/phx area an man this spot is top notch! Honestly your greeted with a smile and treated like familywhat here! they have a huge selection of chimichangas, burritos ,tacos, shrimp cocktails,sopes and many more items, I got 3 carne asadas burritos and dammmm they remind me of my home town shop but they tasted better!! My dad was blown away that we could find better mexican food thenthis our home town in californian. They also had California burritosand which is kind of funny because in some places in California they don't even know what a California burrito is! I would recommend this place to anyone who wants good quality food! Clean tasting and very fresh meat! I was losing hope for Arizona until I found this place!!!
5	OK so let me start by saying, "Why did it take us so long to find this gem?"Admittedly, we don't go down Central all that often, but when have, we've see Don Pancho's and thought, we should stop there.  Finally we did!    GREAT authentic food, along with the traditional Mexican us north of the border think of too!  Great carne asada, carnitas, a sweeter pastor, great selection of salsas and attentive service with very reasonable prices!!We really love your place,your great food and personalities!
4	Shame on me for giving this place only 4 Stars when there are NINE TIMES as many 5 Star reviews for it right now!     :-OOk, I was over here in Avondale this morning so I popped in here  to see what all the noise is about for this place.  It's rather small and & was already roaring busy when I arrived.  Let's get the negatives out of the way first:*  Yes, super busy.  At the time I ordered I would have had to stand up to eat, with all the tables taken.  That would have been SO not ok, but just in time one freed up for me.*  My usual Mexican restaurant meal consists of a Chile Relleno, a beef taco, beans, rice & chips.  That order here would have cost $9.75...  too high for that meal at this type of place, so I had to place a different order to receive good value.*  The menu selections are strewed around on signs all over the place, making it difficult to see just exactly WHAT meal choices are available and at what prices.*  My burrito wasn't exactly "little" at about 2" in diameter, but it was smaller than I usually receive either at a restaurant or from a lunch truck. OK, THE POSITIVES:*  The staff was friendly.*  You place your order at the counter & they bring it out to you when it's ready.  Soon after I set down, a complimentary basket of good tortilla chips arrived, with TERRIFIC pureed red salsa.  I'm usually a chunky style salsa person, but not here.  Yum!*  There's a salsa bar, where some little treats are available to nibble on while you wait for your platter.  That's always nice, & only certain Mexican restaurants offer one.*  I ordered one of the numerous Daily Specials, which was a Chile Verde Burrito.  Besides the chips, it came with small servings of refried beans, Spanish Rice, a little shredded lettuce and help-yourself soft drinks.  I added a Carne Asada (street) Taco.*  ALL OF THE FOOD WAS DELICIOUS!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)     :-))Burrito Special ($5.99), Carne Asada Taco ($1.50).
5	Best Mexican food I've hadTagged this place as an eatery to hit due to its great Yelp scores.  Just visited it and I understand why.  It deserves every star it gets.I'm normally not a fan of Mexican food and don't know what's truly authentic.  Without exception, I find the cuisine too greasy, cheesy, and bland unless I slather on Tapatio or Cholula.  No longer.Don Pancho's food is wonderfully flavorful, meats are tender, and it tastes fresh.  Great menu with selections you do not see at Americanized Mexican food eateries.  Service is fast and exceptionally courteous.  Chips and salsas are also good.  And their flan is uber yum.We will be back to try more of the selections we've never heard of.  I had the beef head tacos and loved them.
5	GREAT FOOD!Don Poncho  is a great restaurant with very little pretense, stellar food and excellent service.  So if you are looking for really good Mexican cuisine look no more. Don Poncho  is one of  the best Mexican food places in the valley. There are plenty of choices for appetizers, entrees and desserts. Every dish is visually enticing. The pastor sopes are wonderful some of  the best I've ever tasted and the Chile Rellenos are off the charts delicious! Highly recommended to all looking for authentic Mexican food in a town consumed with chain "Mexican Restaurants".
2	Went here for the first time, because of the high rating.I decided to compare the California burrito to Senor Taco's version.The burrito Pancho serves is smaller, but slightly better.  I wasn't very impressed with the carne asada or how they made the burrito.  Maybe burritos are not considered authentic Mexican food?  I don't know.I'll probably order something different next time.The horchata I received was also smaller than what Senor Taco offers.  I love horchata and always want A LOT OF IT!Overall, a decent place.  It is run by nice people who appear to be genuinely concerned about your experience,
5	Great authentic Mexican food!! The best I have had since I moved to AZ. The restaurant atmosphere is nothing to brag about but we were there for the food. The workers were very nice and pleasant. I was the only white person in the place but did not feel out of place at all. Everyone made you feel welcome. I can't say enough about the food...it was delicious.
5	My hubby and I recently moved to the area and this was our first venture out to find authentic Mexican.  I must say that everything was muy delicioso!!  From the horchata to the salsa to the carne asada!  Yum, yum, yum!!  Also, the service was so great!  We highly recommend this place!!
5	Best authentic Mexican food in the West Valley.  Everything was fabulous.  Try the Chile Verde!  The staff were so friendly and helpful.  We will be back many times!
5	Amazing food!Everything about this place was great. The service, the food, and the atmosphere. Came here for lunch while working near by, was perfect. Can't remember what I got but I know it was good. All three of the guys I were with thought it was amazing too.
5	These reviews don't lie.  This is probably the best Mexican food you'll get in the valley.  It's the best in the West Valley anyways.  Chimmies are excellent and the hot sauce they give with order is really good.  Not too hot, not too mild, but just that right temp for me.  Staff is really nice too.  My wife stopped there to pick up an order and they helped my wife carry out the order to the car (she was holding my son at the time and only had one hand free).  Carne Asada Burritos are really good too.  The beef is cooked perfectly and they use really good seasoning with it.
5	Very delicious food!  I had Red Chili burro, great flavor!  My partner had Chicken Enchilada Plate and the plate was a clean slate when he was done.  My sister had Chili Rellano Special and Carne Asada Tacos, the rellano was great with flavor.  The chips come with beans drizzled over them and crumbled cheese and the red sauce is great!  It was Mother's Day around 3pm, we were able to sit immediately.
5	Visited for the first time today.  After telling the man at the counter it was our first visit, he explained the menu.  We ordered chicken tostadas with fresh avocado slices and a chicken burrito.  With drinks, are total came to $13.  Cheap date night for hubby and I...and the food was outstanding!!
5	My new favorite restaurant.  I love everything but especially the Pastor quesadilla and the chilaquiles!
5	Fantastic authentic Mexican food! Wow. I got 2 carne asada tacos. Only $1.50 each. The meat was tender and flavorful. Not fatty at all. I also got a horchata. Delicious!Great customer service. Very friendly. I can't wait to come back and try other items on the menu.
3	I always judge a mexican place by their Burritos.  This is a very common staple in mexican cuisine and every place usually makes them. The burritos here were ok. So were the tacos just ok. I maybe need to try something else here, for now it's ok.
1	Do not go to this restaurant! I bought 4 ceviche tostadas for 15 dollars and they charged me 150 dollars.  After that they charged me 15 dollars more because they made a wrong calculation the first time.  Don Poncho pretended to give me a refund electronically and gave me a fake receipt.  When I checked my balanced I was missing 150+ dollars from my checking account.  Called Don Poncho and told me that he did not know how to work the system and refused to give me back my money.  He never acknowledge that I was going to be missing 150 dollars from my checking account and was very reluctant to admit it and NEVER EVER APOLIGIZED.  I was charged an overdraft fee from my bank and Mr. Poncho said that was not his problema. Very RUDE. He pretended not to know what was going on and told me to go ahead and call the police. He told me to bring back my checking card so he could deduct another 150 dollars from my own account which made no sense to me whatsoever. He said he did not want to refund me on the spot and this is what business usually do, give you a refund.  He also refused to refund me the 15 dollars for the tostadas even though I wasted 5 hours trying to get my money back and I still do not have it. DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!!
4	What a good little Mexican restaurant! I had almost given up on finding even half-way decent Mexican food in the west valley. After reading the Yelp reviews, hubs and I decided to give Don Pancho a try on a recent Saturday afternoon.We were greeted by a very friendly and helpful cashier. You order at the counter and then the food is then delivered to your table. She explained the menu well, made great suggestions and helped us feel right at home. Hubby played it safer with an enchilada combo, I opted for the recommended #12 Combo of a soft corn taco filled with asada, a sopa with carnitas and a maiz quesadilla with pork al carbon, all served up with rice and beans and a giant fountain drink or fresca or horchata for $9.99 (also included corn chips drizzled with beans and served with their red salsa)! What a fantastic deal! My food was delicious. Well prepared, fresh ingredients, seasoned just right. the salsa bar was full of yummy salsas and condiments which were just right for topping off my big happy plate of Mexican goodness. This is simple home food done right. Several times friendly employees checked in with us to see how we were doing. The best adjective I have for Don Pancho is happy. And we'll be back!
5	The carne asada is the best...and their red chile is also amazing. I wish I would have known of this place sooner!!!
5	Try the sampler plate... all meats perfectly seasoned, and the bean and rice are also good.  The tacos are my favorite, but the quesadilla de maiz was really good and crunchy.  Salsas are all fresh and tasty, my fav was the green salsa with red onion and the red one was spicy with flavor .  Service is awesome.
5	I like it a lot. pastor and  carne Asada  burritos are bomb.
5	Don Pancho's is my favorite Mexican restaurant in the entire Phoenix area.The customer service is terrific.  The family that runs this establishment is always so kind and welcoming.I always want to try something different when I come in, but I am hooked on the carne asada sopes!
4	Best chorizo, egg add potato burrito in town!  The folks here treat you like family.  Excellent food plus good hospitality equals your next stop for some Mexican food.
4	Great food!
5	Don Pancho grills their carne asada over charcoal. Need I say anything else? Yes I do.Everything is prepared to order. It comes out hot and delicious. The restaurant may seem older, BUT it is kept very, very clean and tidy. The owners are very kind and enjoy talking to their customers. They offer you complimentary chips topped with frijoles and white queso fresco. The frijoles are silky smooth and savory. The chipotle salsa is unbelievably good. Deliciousness all around!Items my family and I ordered:- Chimichanga w/ Red Chilli Beef - spicy, hot deliciousness. Not too spicy, but Br prepared to fill your drink cup frequently. An overall great item. - 3 Carne asada taco plate - these are smaller street-style tacos. The carne asada is well-seasoned, smokey, and tender. It comes with a wedge of grilled onions which adds a great depth of flavorful. - Carnitas quesadilla - crispy tortilla, not too cheesy, and the carnitas are crispy and flavorful. - Birria - I'd come here solely for the birria, which is only served on certain days. The broth has great depth of flavor from the many spices, and when you add the lime and onions, gets even better. The meat is fall off the bone tender. - Carne asada burrito plate - The burrito only contains rice, asada, and some onions. That is all that it needs anyways. As stated before, the asada is awesome! The rice has great flavor, and the frijoles is well seasoned and creamy in texture. - Tripa taco - Worth trying. Crispy, clean taste with no bitterness. Great option to the asada. - Cabeza taco - Very good. Tender and moist. It tastes like stewed ox tail.- Lengua taco - another great option if you want to try it. Very, very delicious. You won't go wrong with anything on the menu. Be adventurous, try anything and everything. I am definitely going to be a repeat customer, and will be recommending my friends to come here.
4	We stopped in for an early lunch. The place was empty when we arrived but by the time we left all of the tables were full and that was well before lunch. Shortly after we ordered we were brought chips that had a small amount of  beans on them. They were good. I ordered the carnitas street tacos and my son had the green chile burrito. Everything was really tasty. I especially enjoyed the salsa that was brought out with the chips. There was a salsa bar with several other choices as well that I would like to try on our next visit.
4	Maybe it's a bit of emotional eating when I come here but the food is tasty!  If u want Mexican food Taco Bell style this place is not it. It authentic southern Mexican food. You have to try their quesadillas or tacos de Maiz (corn) ..so good! Especially the carne asada...it's so good that if a piece falls of my place , the three second rule always applies. It's small inside and a lil dated; study the menu because its a bit overwhelming but the hospitality from the owners makes up for it and adds to the old nana and tata's house feel. Just want to hug 'em both!Dress: Anything goes here. P.s. Area can be a lil sketchy at night and they close early.
4	I was craving authentic Mexican food tonight and have been wanting to try out this place that I found on Yelp in Avondale, Arizona a while back. It's located in a small shopping center and looks and feels like a family owned restaurant where everyone knows everyone. The restaurant was very clean and well kept. There was not anything exciting about the decor and the lighting was very bright. This is def not a date night place but for sure where u wanna be if you want to satisfy your mexican food cravings:) The staff were all very friendly, helpful with suggestions and welcoming. We ordered all of our food at the check-out counter then sat ourselves. The girl at the register gave us some really great suggestion that were consistent with the recommendations I reviewed on Yelp. They gave us a complimentary basket of fresh tortilla chips that were drizzled with bean puree and had gorganzala cheese sprinkled over the top and four different homemade salsas to choose from.  Within 7 minutes our food was served to us. We ordered the carne asada tacos that were cooked to perfection with a lot of flavor! We also ordered the enchiladas, which came with a choice of cheese, beef, chicken or pork and rice and beans. We chose 1 cheese and 2 chicken and the both were delicious!
5	Excellent, found our new favorite restaurant. Small and friendly. Authentic and very filling. Better then the restaurants that process their food with salt and ships it to all there locations. Tasted fresh and spicy! Cheesecake was amazing.
5	Believe the hype!  The comida at Don Panchos is the best in the west (side of town). Temper your expectations, though.  This is not fine dining, just real deal home-style Mexican food.The tacos are the star attraction here, in my opinion. Street style, with loads of meat, cabbage, cilantro, & onion.  They are an absolute bargain for the quality you get.  The quesadilla de maiz are the bomb.  Burritos are mighty tasty, though could be a bit bigger.  If you order the delicious green chile plate, be prepared for some of the best home made corn tortillas you'll ever have.  The meats here are all fabulous, but the carne asada deserves special mention.  It's very lean, perfectly seasoned, and is cooked over an open flame to impart a kiss of smokiness.  Easily my favorite carne asada of all time.  In taco form?  Wow...just wow.Not to be over-shadowed, they have an excellent salsa bar.  The red chile is spicy with a nice saltiness. The green chile is smoky and has a nice kick.  But here is the pro tip: their best salsa is kept in the kitchen and is served with the complimentary chips. This stuff is amazing with a hint of cilantro.The atmosphere is clean and the service is always friendly.  The first few times we ate here was take out.  The first time we ate in the restaurant, Jose (the proprietor) was so nice & gave us free arroz con leche!If you're in the west valley and crave some seriously good carne asada tacos, you can't do better than Don Panchos!
4	Don't let the old Avondale neighborhood scare you from stopping here!  Don Pancho's had two things going for it, good food and great customer service.  This is a family owned business who are very humble people that will bend over backwards to keep you happy.  I will warn you now, their sitting area is not big.  They also have outdoor seating which are not used much because of the weather.  My family and I really like the chorizo here.  They also have these corn quesadillas that are quite tasty.  One of my favorites here are the cosidos (soup) in beef or chicken.  Theses cosidos come close to my Nana in Mexico used to make.  They also have menudo and posole.  These are all great when the temps fall below the 60's out here in the desert.  Besides from the cosidos, Don Pancho's does not do one thing well but serves everything offered on the menu well.  The chips and salsa brought to you are good, oh man the red salsa is excellent.  They top their chips with some retried beans sprinkled on top.  Yeah a little different but it works!There's a Catholic Church across the street so Sundays here can be tricky unless you get here early.  If you're on the westside try them at least once!
4	Like agree with a lot of the other reviews about this place. Everything does taste very homemade the owners are the people that help you out when ordering and I want to say they are also the cooks. So it's like going to your Mexican parents house to eat which of course I love.      They have a variety taco meats my favorite and the best to get just to play it safe then if you like those you can start trying the other meats. This is true anywhere you go.      I don't think I have any complaints about the place. It's always very clean and organized even when it's busy and the people don't stop being any nicer. Their salsa bar is always clean which is something to always look at, always!
1	Never come eat here again rude staff small portions dirty location they brought out our meal and said the tortillas were on there way never got them So disappointed with thistestaurant Ill never take my family there again
5	Oh my Gato... as soon as I get back to Phoenix, step off the airplane I'm bringing my happy ass right back to Don Pancho's!!  This place is AH-MAZE-ING!!!  I tried every taco they offer (don't judge me, we just finished hiking the White Tanks) and each one was better than the last.  Salsa bar, fresh and fresh, check.  Fantastic Horchata, check.  Best street tacos I've had since being in Sayulita Mexico, check!  Super rad/friendly employees, double check.  They were so helpful and accommodating, the nice lady went back and brought us a basket of chips with each of the different taco meats on them so we could try them out.  Who is that awesome?  Don Pancho's, that's who!!  My wife tried the fried quesadilla and I still have dreams about that thing, usually it ends with me waking up in a cold sweat chomping on my pillow.  Anyway, if you live in or near Phoenix and haven't been the Don Pancho's yet, you should be ashamed of yourself and should probably move to Antarctica, or the moon.
5	Holy burrito! We came here because my friend is living in Boston and hasn't had good Mexican food in forever. I had been wanting to come here, so it was a win win. I got the Asada burrito. SO FREAKING GOOD!!! She got the mini chimi combo and said it was amazing. The staff is friendly.. We're coming back in a couple of days before she leaves.
5	The Caldo de Rez is my fav!!! They do it right here & I always come here when I'm craving it.
4	Authentic Mexican food at it's finest.
4	The carne asada was excellent!!!  Cute little place and very busy--the popularity shows that this place has excellent food!  Very nice people.  We will definitely come back!
5	They have the best tasting mexican food out  here in the west valley by far. I'm originally from San Antonio, Texas so my taste buds scream Tex-Mex when it comes to Mexican food. So being stationed here I could not find anything close to home until I came here. The food is so flavorful and delicious I was amazed. It reminded me so much of home. I always leave satisfied. I enjoy everything about this place from the mom and pop hospitality (owners are so sweet, helpful, and friendly), the cheap prices, and once again the delicious food. STOP BY, I PROMISE YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED! :)
5	Chili rellenos!!!! Chips and salsa appetizer!salsa and pepinos salad bar. Mmmmm horchata and jamica! What more can you want. Owners are super nice and actually work there! We go almost weekly #9 lunch special. Super cute little spot, lunch time can get busy, but we still Love it!
5	Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try. I'm so glad I did! I've eaten here maybe 5 times in the past week already. The carne asada street tacos are the bomb.com and the rice is really flavorful too. I love that there is a salsa bar with a few different types of salsas and some veggies and peppers as well. The service has been really friendly and the restaurant is very clean. It's also pretty affordable and there are several different specials as well. This is my new spot for good tacos.
4	Looking forward to coming back again and again.  My husband and I shared two carne asada tacos and two carnitas tacos.  They were both really really good, very fresh.  The salsa bar had a great variety of salsas that we couldn't decide on, so we sampled all of them!  By far tho, I loved the salsa that came with the chips.
5	Just like another reviewer, not sure I want anyone else to know about this awesome place.  It is quite small and you have to time it right on a Sunday because it is across the street from the Catholic Church.  Luckily we make to 7am mass and wait for the doors to open at 8am.  But still very cozy when you share a table with someone else.Every meal we have ordered is delicious.  And not sure but I think the homemade corn tortillas are made to order. Whatever I order, I always add a tripas taco to it. Recently I ordered a caldo de res and was delivered menudo instead. The server quickly replaced it and gave me a to-go container for the now free menudo.  Try it out, you won't be disappointed.
2	Wow, I'm beginning to think there is no great Mexican food in AZ. I moved here from Chicago a year ago and have been to about 1/2 dozen Mexican restaurants with 4 star plus and reviews and I'm left thinking, "really"? I dropped in last Friday late afternoon after the Sox-Cubs game in Glendale with my daughter. I live in Goodyear and thought I would give this place a try based on the reviews. Nothing fancy in the ambiance. It's a small storefront location, place your order at the counter, sit down and someone brings your order. The gentleman at the counter couldn't have been more pleasant. Patient, smiling, helpful. I was really excited to see the place full of locals. (Usually a good sign, right?) We ordered a steak and chicken burrito dinner and sat down at a table.The chips and salsa were pretty good. There is an awesome salsa they provide that was really tasteful (tasted a little smoky and spicy) The salsa bar was pretty good, too. Their carrots and jalapenos were very good. At this point, Don Pancho is grooving in the 4 star range.After about a 25 min. wait for our food, the kindly gentleman brought our order over to the the only other Caucasian couple table in the place. I stopped him and asked if that was our order and the other couple (obviously not too familiar with Mexican food and they came in 15 mins after us) looked confused- but they ordered tacos. So the kindly gentleman brought our order to our table. All down hill from here. Steak burrito- grisly, tough, overcooked, too salty. Chicken burrito- tough, boiled, bland. Beans were really great. Rice was okay. Man was I disappointed. I've read other reviews and was really hyped to try this place out. Also, there were about 4 people waiting for about 30 mins for their orders. I'm really not too sure what takes them so long to deliver, but if the food was worth the wait it doesn't matter. I can't say it was.After one year in Phoenix, Senor Taco is still the best experience I've had with Mexican food. (Who would of thought?) I'm going to start visiting the taco shacks on 85. There has to be a diamond in the rough here somewhere.
5	After our mediocre Mexican meal yesterday, hubby looked around for a new restaurant to try.  He stumbled across this place, so we decided to try it out.It's a small restaurant in a strip mall, but those are usually the best places to get authentic food.  And, this was no exception.  The place was hopping, so we were glad to get a table.  You order at the counter, then they bring you the food.  Everyone working there was so friendly, that's always a plus.After ordering, we got our drinks and sat down.  A young lady brought over the chips and salsa.  The chips were very good.  Hubby liked the salsa a lot.A little while later, our food was brought out.  Hubby got the green chili burrito and loved it!  I just had to try the carne asada, again (since yesterday's was a miss).  This was just the way I like it.  The beans were runny and fresh, the rice was flavorful, there were grilled onions on the plate (bonus!) and the meat was delicious and tender.  I also liked that the beans/rice didn't overtake the plate, like they do at some places.  This was the right amount, and it was perfect with my meal.We also decided to try the flan (yesterday's wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best, either).  This time, the flan just melted in our mouths.  It had that light, airy quality that I associate with a really good flan.All in all, it was the perfect Mexican meal.  We both enjoyed it immensely, and will definitely be coming back here.
4	Food was tasteful and service was great, prices are reasonable, I would  recommend this place to my friends.
5	I've been in AZ for 5 years now.  Came from CA where I have my favorite Mexican places.  We've tried many places out here and couldn't find one to compare.  After reading great reviews on Don Pancho, I decided to try it.  LOVED IT!  Super friendly, there is always somebody cleaning up, fairly fast service even when it's busy, and great prices.  Absolutely love their chips, beans, salsa that is complementary served.  I took my sister and her family.  They went back the very next day with our mom.  My mom has introduced the place to others at her church.  Great place and I will continue to spread the word.
2	After seeing some good reviews for this place I decide to check it out.. It was very disappointed. My boyfriend got some carne asada tacos and they were ok nothing that would make us crave them. While, I got the carne asada burrito and I was very disappointed! The meat was dry, and to make matters worse the salsa bar didn't have many options. Plus, the salsa that was already there looked all watery which didn't make the dry burrito any better. Defiantly not coming again!
2	I was very disappointed! It's not reasonable in price for what they give you. The portions are small and I couldn't even see the meat in my taquitos. I think business would be much better if they went down on their prices and gave you more. For what I spent there I could of spent less somewhere else and got way more food for my money.
4	This place is quite good. The chicharron and cheese quesadillas were mouth watering. The salsa bar is always a deciding factor for me, and this one did not disappoint. My only complain is that they took around half and hour to bring me my food.. I mean, it wasn't that complex. I am a man who has no time to waste sitting around for 30mins without reason.
5	If you haven't tried it you are missing out! Great food, great prices...enough said.
5	I hardly get out to the westside but when I do I try to hit this place. Great friendly service and the food is really good. Prices are cheap also. Keep up the great service and food!
1	Its SO bad! I dont know what kind of LSD the other reviewers were on (obviously the GOOD stuff) but seriously its THAT bad. Stay away!
5	Wow - had Taco with shredded beef, Quesadillia Pork Carnitas and Chicken Sope,  And the chips with the beans and cheese they give you is simply outstanding - and the sauces.  Only thing that could improve the experience would have been a frozen margarita!
5	Excellen authentic Mexican food and the most friendly people ever!
5	This is a tasty well-kept secret in Avondale. It is delicious. Everything we've tried is very good. My favorite are the chicken tacos - I don't know what they do to the chicken, but it is a perfect blend of marinade and fajita-like juices. Their soups are also very good - menudo, caldo de res, etc. The owners and staff are so sweet!
5	FINALLY! I grew up in and around Tamaulipas and I miss genuine homemade Mexican food. This is it. The real deal. The carnitas are so amazing, the chicken is flavorful and moist. They hand cook everything, no premixed anything here. Deserves a visit from Food Network but I'm terrified it'll be ruined afterward. Only have about 10 tables inside so try to come after the lunch rush. So worth the wait.
4	Closed on Monday. ... However I did get to stop in on Tuesday. I am glad that I did, the green chile burrito is made of a fresh flour tortilla that is made in house.  The chips and salsa that came with it were top notch, crisp and warm.  I also had the chile relleno which was very good and had a nice salsa topping.  Fellow Yelpers are spot on and I am glad that I tried out this local fav.  Finding places like this are exactly why I love Yelp.  I cannot wait to come back and try other items, like the Goat Soup.
5	Visiting from south texas and wanting some home comfort food. This place is fantastic! Lunch plates were well served and food was delicious!  We loved the salsa bar. The best plate was the Chile relleno stuffed with queso fresco and topped with red salsa. Will definitely be returning when visiting this beautiful state!
4	Good, cheap Mexican.  No menu item over $10.  Enchilada plate (8.95 with beverage) was good.  No frills kinda place.
4	Very professional atmosphere, great quality food. Everything that it's reputed to be! It's a little more of a formal setting though, probably better for a professional dinner or a fancy date.
5	Holy shit this place is awesome! I ha the shrimp quesadilla and there was shrimp in every delicious bite. There salsa is fantastic. My daughter had the chicken burrito and loved it to. Definitely going to be back!
3	The food here is good and the people are  friendly. There are options on the menu for everyone from cautious to adventurous. Their carnitas and asada are good but I'd avoid the pastor. Tacos and quesadillas have been my favorite things on the menu. The chips they serve before your meal come dusted with cheese which makes them much less ordinary.
5	FINALLY a good Mexican restaurant!!! My husband & I ate here and we will be back! Very small inside with only 10 or so tables, but we didn't have a problem finding one on a Saturday evening. I had the chicken enchiladas & my husband had a carne asada burrito & pork tacos. Mine was delicious, and so was his. The pork was so flavorful!
4	Good food and a fun atmosphere! I loved the feel of this place. I like that you order at the counter and your food is brought out to you. We stopped in during lunch and they had about 5 lunch specials, which is a decent selection. I ordered the green chile burrito and it was okay. The meat was tender and juicy, but only half of my burrito had meat. The chile was okay, but overall it was bland. My husband got the asada torta and really enjoyed it. He said the asada is some of the best he's had. All in all, we'll try this place again.
5	I'm typically not fund of Mexican food from restaurants, as my parents are AMAZING cooks at home. I came here with my husband and ordered a carne asada plate. He ordered a torts. We really enjoyed the food. The caramelized onions with the asada were delicious along with the corn tortillas. I also thought the chips sprinkled with cheese and beans that  they brought to us before our meals was flavorful and left me wanting more. I can't wait to different food on their menu.
5	Plato de asada is great! Food came out about two min after I ordered it. Friendly service. ..I would defiantly eat here again.
3	Great people, good menu, good food. Tacos good, normal shredded beef tacos. Bean Burritos, normal good beansRice, normal good rice. Al Pastor quesadilla, really good but the flavor was a burnt smoky flavor. It was good but I got tired of it quickly. Staff and prices were good too.
5	Came here specifically because of YELP reviews and was well worth it! The customer service and friendliness of the guy at the counter was just the beginning. I asked about the flautas, the menu stated only beef, but he said they could make chicken no problem! They were great. We also ordered enchiladas, they were delicious as well! We will definitely be back!!
5	Delicious! Great place, everything is homemade and authentic. We are from out of town and wish we had a place like Don Pancho's at home!
