2	This review has been updated and changed...Went back and got stale donuts...That was enuff 4 me neva 2 go back...Eversince I've had Yum Yum Donuts...Every other donut spot just doesn't measure up 2 the freshness of Yum Yum Donuts....
4	Well, my dunkin donut cherry has been broken!I have been wanting to try Dunkin Donuts for Years but unfortunately never was fortunate enough to run into to any of there locations.So while driving around Vegas, I just happen to notice there little shop in the corner of my eye. A strike of excitement ran through me so, I quickly made a U turn and went hurrying on in.I figured there is no better way to experience my first dunkin donut experience then in Vegas!!The place is cute and small and nicely decorated. The donuts appeared extremely fresh and sinfully appealing and they not only have a great selection of donuts but a mouthwatering selection of breakfast items as well.The lady who helped me was the sweetest doll ever!! I ended up getting one double chocolate glazed and one sour cream and they were both fantastic! Moist, and incredibly flavorful, just wish I was able to finish both of them.So, I would not say they are the best donuts I have ever had but It's probably a good thing I don't have any close by and I really look forward to my next run in...lol
4	Oh thank heaven for 7....oh wait.  Wrong jingle.  Well....thank heaven for Dunkin Donuts!!  This place is great.  The line usually moves quick, the staff is quite friendly and the donut selection is usually pretty wide.  The iced coffee is what I come here for.  Gimme a medium iced coffee with cream, no sugar and a french cruller donut.  Mmmmmmmm.  Me likey!
3	There is an elderly women who works the front counter and she is AWESOME! So is the owner/manager. Most of the time the drive thru is crazy but they always get my coffee just right.
4	I guess I m the new Duke of this joint, so I have to rep it. With only a few Dunkin Donuts in town, I am a bit disappointed because I don't care for Starbucks, and will rarely pay $5 for a coffee. I love going back east and finding Dunks on every corner!First off, I don't eat a lot of donuts, but over time, I've had just about everyone they make. Glaze is still the winner. I also love the turkey sausage egg white wake up wraps. I get those all the time if I don't have time to make breakfast at the house or on the go. A healthy choice in the morning. As far as this location. I love how close I am too it, and I like how when I go through the drive through, my coffee is always made right and close how I like it. A lot of places just throw everything in and then the lid on without stirring it. So the coffee is awesome. The only thing that sticks out is maybe a messed up drivethru order, a burnt wrap, and getting my wraps in a donut bag without any napkins.
3	On Labor Day Weekend, one of my friends stopped in at this location only to find it closed. He really wanted to grab some of those "K" cups as he and his wife are coffee drinkers. I'm not so this review is mainly for the donuts. I ordered an assortment of a dozen donuts to share with my family when I was there this past weekend. Anyway - I grabed six pairs of different flavors and I was able to sample one of each over the weekend. They didn't seem to be anything extraordinary but they weren't awful either. I still prefer other "places" but in a bind, Dunkin' will do.
1	Waited at the drive they for too long, no other cars. Server was rude and short. I ordered an ice tea, not that complicated.  No need for attitude. I'm sorry you dislike your job or you're having a bad day.  You control your happiness.
5	Although I had to drive out of my way to visit this location, I was thrilled this DD was able to fulfill their obligation to the coffee drinking public by having the materials required to sell coffee in mass quantities. Thank you for the Box O Joe that the Simmons location was unable to provide. You have my undying gratitude!
5	Thank you, Craig Road location, for carrying the coffee that the Simmons location can't seem to keep in stock! Twice now you have saved me!
1	You get one star because I have to leave at least one. Went through the drive through and the lady was rude and short and had a tone that I was bothering her when I was trying to complete my order. I had to finish my order at the window because she seemed to have been busy doing nothing and barked my total. I was given heart shaped doughnuts on the 19th of February.  Why did I get doughnuts from 5 days ago???
3	The stars are for the fritters we got this Sunday morning. Actually, they were really tasty. I prefer mine a bit thin and crispy while these were puffy and soft. But again, that is just me. Amazing flavor though, and really hit the spot. The problem was with our cashier, Summer. Maybe she was just in a bad mood, I don't know. She just stared at us when we got to the counter. I ordered first, and as she turned to get my fritter my husband said that he would also like one. She turned back and rudely said 'What?'. Re-stated his request, she turned and got another. Never smiled, not even sure she thanked us for the business. Honestly do not remember because we were so taken aback about her lack of pleasantness. I love DD, so will definitely come back. Hopefully next time she will actually be nice.
1	The lady at the window was short & rude. 3/6 donuts were incorrect, she had already walked away & would not come back after handing me my 'latte' which was mostly foam. What a way to start your morning..
1	It disappoints me that this location would hire such rude employees! Who the f do they think they are?? Without us customers this establishment would not make money. Ashley or angel or whoever the f was that dark skinned latina-looking ugly girl working at the drive through on saturday april 26 at 10am was rude as heck! Paul was the original cashier, he was a lil slow and hard of hearing and the girl just rudely talked over him and took over the entire order. It wouldnt have been a big deal if she knew about customer service! But no she doesnt. We were being nice and polite (cuz that's how we do in sunny California!) and i dont know what this employee's problem was and she was straight up giving us attitude from the drive through speaker up to the window. Half of our donuts were wrong! We were tourists from LA just wanting to stop by for some Dunkin Donuts on our way home and the employees here just seem to want to drive customers away. When i move to vegas next month i definitely would stay away from this DD location. I wonder if the people who run the store read these customer complaints at all. Seems like other people have experienced the same crappy customer service that i got. Best of luck to that girl, there are lots of unemployed people in this country who could use your place and do a heck of a better job than you. Hope they replace you soon!
5	There's no dunkins in California but here in Vegas ... I feel like Homer Simpson when he drools awwwwww! Lol! Got a glaze and apple fritter with a sprinkle donut wash it down with a latte . So delicious .
2	This store is on my way to work and it is the only one so I am forced to stop here to get my favorite coffee. Their employees are very rude. I am moving on Saturday and I cannot wait to not have to come back to this location. My experience today was the last straw. No one was in line to order in the drive thru so I went right up to the menu and waited a good minute before anyone said anything. I order, and a man repeats the order back to me completely wrong. So I go to correct him and a girl cuts him off over the speaker "yeah. okay. we got It. pull forward"Okay....rude. I get to the window and a man rang me up. In the process of doing this a girl comes up to him and asked him "since you're doing that, can I clock out now"I've never had a good experience here as far as the customer service. I go there everyday and not one person has ever asked me my name. I worked at Starbucks before and that's why I'm being so critical. Today was my last day going to this location.The stars are for the coffee. It's great!
1	Rude...all the time...there is something going on with this location. Everyone is rude and angry. I've used the drive thru numerous times and each time...rudeness. I love Dunkin Coffee...I hate this location
2	Love the coffee, hate the service. I work in the same shopping center as this location and have gone there frequently, the service keeps getting worse. Most recently, I was sitting down waiting for my bagel and when it was ready, the girl just yelled, "cinnamon bagel" and threw the bag on the counter and walked away. Very rude. I'm glad I found a big bag of Dunkin's coffee at Sam's Club so I don't have to go there every morning to get my fix.
1	The girl who helped us was rude and obviously didn't want to be there. The donuts were dry and hard, not even edible. We ended up throwing them away, what a waste of money. Never again!!!!
3	This DD was exactly what I expected: competent staff, consistent doughnut quality (apple fritters -- yum!), and cramped interior.  Nothing was offensive and nothing was stellar on our visit.  We did notice that the decor could definitely use a facelift and a few tables could have been cleaner, but the doughnuts themselves were great, as they should be, given the type of establishment DD is!
3	I use to love this place but as of lately I dont even want to bother.   The food, and costumer service has gone down hill.    I keep hoping that maybe it will get better and I stop in every once and while.  Some of the employees are very nice but there are far to many rude ones.   The food use to be good but it seems to be cold, hard, and tasteless.   Bring back the butter pecan coffee please!
