2	Since I just signed up a week ago, I'm sure I'll have to update this later. But I thought I would at least log my first impressions.First off, when we called, we got the usual sales tactics. The guy was really reluctant to give us a straight answer about how much membership costs, and how much the initiation fee is, and all that jazz. He also kept pressuring us to come in and talk with him.Sadly, his tactics worked. We headed on over there to check it out. It being around 5 or 6pm, the place was utterly packed. We had to park kind of far. But we're trying to get into shape, so what's a little extra walking?Inside, it looks like it was built 15+ years ago. Miami Vice paint colors, neon signage, and the dents and scuffs on the walls and furniture that come with daily wear-and-tear. It wasn't shabby looking, just broken in. It actually made the place seem less intimidating, like when a burly guy wears a sweater.The clientele looks like a bunch of average joes. The equipment isn't the latest and greatest. But they do the job. There are no spa-like perks or fancy decor. The place's mission is to work with average folks and get them into shape. It seemed like the perfect fit for us.Our sales guy chatted with us for a bit, gave us the tour, and then took our measurements and weight. We sat down. discussed the membership options, and picked the one that suited us. It wasn't a steal of a deal, but it wasn't bad either.Once all the paperwork was signed, and the credit cards run, we scheduled our first two training sessions (free!). Here we hit a snag. Right from the start, we said we wanted mornings. We are morning people. We are motivated in the morning. We don't like being around hordes of people, like they have in the evenings.The guy with "The Book" told us that there were no trainers available in the morning for several weeks. Typical. We clashed over that for a while, but eventually caved. We're stuck with evening training sessions for the time being.We just did our first free session, and had varying experiences. We were both scheduled the same trainer, but he wasn't there. So we each got a different guy.My girlfriend loved her trainer. He gave her a tough -- but not too tough -- workout, motivating her throughout. He made suggestions about her nutrition, and didn't really try to sell her on the supplements.My guy was very nice, and pretty laid back. Almost too laid back. My workout was pretty easy. He didn't go over some of the basics of weight training. Luckily I knew them already. We didn't discuss nutrition very much. He did try to sell me on supps, but not really hard. My session was also about 15 minutes short.We're going to be working out on our own next week. We'll see how that goes.
3	I'm adding another star because, well, I wrote my review when I was still peeved, and because of a new star I discovered at Pure Fitness -- a personal trainer named Maya.From day one, I've noticed her, leading her class around the gym, out in the parking lot, through their moves, hollering at them (in a positive way), encouraging them. Same thing goes with her clients -- always positive, motivating, and genuine.But don't get me wrong. She WILL kick your butt. Hard. And Repeatedly.
3	Sad to say, our beloved trainer is leaving this location. She'll be managing their new facility at 91st and T-Bird. Good luck, Maya!
4	Awesome place.  I moved to the west side and needed a place to work and seeing that this is literally a mile and a half down the road, it works for me.  Cool staff and always tons of equipment open to use.  I only wish they had a basketball courts like LA Fitness does.. I like to shoot hoops every now and then.  Cool thing though.. Since LA Fitness bought all the Pure Fitness' in Phoenix.. it means I can use my membership at LA Fitness.  Problem solved. yeah!Good place and good workouts!
3	Not crowded and well maintained with very few machines in need of service. Good amount of machine to spread the workout, but a bare bones staff during the day. I walked in and no one said hi, walked out and no one said bye. The hospitality lacks but overall it's a gym I will be returning to since the one close by shut down.
4	This is an LA Fitness now. I like it, it's not busy when I go.
1	They closed!
