1	Nail U Luv? No, I really don't think so.This salon was laughably pathetic and resulted in the most pedestrian pedicure I've gotten in Phoenix. I only stopped here because I bought a rice cooker at Costco and wanted a new polish color. They really push the "white tips" but even I know that's entirely too gay for me.All things considered, the chairs here are rather comfy, just don't recline them all the way because it'll hit the wall. The TV was on a woman's sporting event. Shortly after I arrived more people came in and were waiting to be subjected to a subpar mis-treatment to their feet. Who knew there were so many masochists in CenPho?
4	Not the friendliest staff or the quickest but I was satisfied with my pretty little piggies.
1	I hate being too critical of cheap salons but this place was not very well run. I must have come at a bad time because it felt like the inexperienced older brother was doing my nails. They were poorly done, took forever, and didnt last long. Sorry salon, I won't be back.
1	Good God, talk about the longest, weakest pedicure ever. I was already at the mall, and thought I'd spoil myself by getting the first pedicure I'd had in awhile. First off, the water was cold, and when one of the employees adjusted it, it was still tepid. Secondly, the massaging chair? Didn't massage. I don't know if they only turned it on to the rocket launch setting for folks who had both hands and feet done, but the guy who did my nails ignored me come-puh-LEET-ly as he was doing his thing, and didn't seem to understand me when I asked him a question. I went for the sloughing of mes pieds because I go barefoot all the time. So, the nail tech pulled out what appeared to be a cheese grater. He went to town after he soaked my feet in some goo and wrapped them in saran wrap. When he was finished, he shook the item in question in the aforementioned cold water, cleaned it, and left it in the foot bath with my feet for awhile. I know it's my dead skin, but I didn't really want to have it floating around in the water with me. The nail tech failed to mention that white tips were extra when he asked me what color I wanted, so I was startled when the cost of the pedicure was $10 more than the sign outside proclaimed. I was willing to pay extra for the grooming of my hillbilly feet, but a heads up about the extra $5 for white tips would have been awesome.Finally, he finished, wandered off, and he just let me sit there. I wasn't even sure if this guy was coming back, or if someone else is going to remove the cotton from between my feet and give me some gnarly flip flops. When he did come back eventually, I was so bored and restless, I was mad I had to pay $27 for something I could have done at home, braless and comfortable, with some freakin' WARM water. My friend and I paid him and hightailed it out of there.Bottom line: Forget these schmucks. I'm glad I did some maintenance on my lovely feet, but I will definitely yelp where I'm going before I patronize the place!
3	I came in for a basic pedicure.  Luckily, I was the only customer at this time.  It was a Monday afternoon, for a reference.  The lady that greeted me told me to pick up my color.  I noticed most of their bottles were older and the colors are separating.  I ended up choosing the only OPI color that didn't look old.The lady that did my pedicure was sweet and made pleasant conversation.  I appreciated that she didn't push the extra options since I only wanted a basic pedicure.  Also she massaged my feet for longer than I have experienced at other salons.  I'm sure it due mainly to there not being any other customers, but still, it was nice.  It made me want to return again.  The pedicure was decent, but not perfect.  There were some paint on my cuticles.  No big deal though.
