3	Great pizza...but price??? The fact they don't even open until 4 on Saturday??? So let's get this straight. You're watching a football game on Saturday, want to order a pie, and the phone rings off the hook (not even an answering machine to give hours). Don't get me wrong... if I were writing this review based purely on the food, it would a solid 4 stars, possibly 5. When rating the business overall though... 3 might be pushing it.
2	This place is a joke. The pricing is too high, and the quality is sub-par, at best. Honestly, it's the laughing stock of any and all actual Chicago pizza joints.I refuse to eat anything from here, but none of my friends will listen to me. A few of them ordered a "deep dish" on Friday, from this particular location, with a 20% off coupon, and it came to us FAR from deep. It was really more of a thick crust with greasy cheese on it.Also- another friend purchased one of their Rosatis-brand jars of giardineria. I had to try it, because it's one of the things I miss most about Chicago, and I figured they couldn't screw it up. Man, was I wrong. A: it was neither spicy, nor hot, despite what the label said, and... B: it tasted like I was eating canola oil, straight. Judging by the see-thoroughness of the paper plate I scoped the littlest bit on to, I believe that I did. Gross.Go out of business already, and quite making fat old people, all the more fat.
1	You know that feeling you get when you wait for something all day? That's the feeling we got as we waited to get our white pie from Rosati's. You know that feeling you get when you finally get it and it is a major disappointment? That's the feeling we got after we got our white pie from Rosati's. When we got it home, it turned out to be on a crust similar to melba toast, very dry and crumbly. We thought it felt kind of light when we picked it up, but didn't check, as we should have. We never ordered the cracker crust, but that's what we got. The pizza had nearly no flavor, and was quite oily. Strike one. You have to have a degree in mechanical engineering to get the box open. When we finally got the box open, we found that the pie was cut into little rectangles instead of regular slices. Not a huge deal, but strike two. Here is the worst part of this whole fiasco. Rosati's charged us $22.15 for this mess! There is perhaps $4.00 worth of ingredients in this pizza. They felt that it was good business to tack on an $18 profit! Of course we knew how much the pie was before we ordered it. But we figured that a place that trumpets how long they have been in business, and has the incredible audacity to charge nearly as much for a pizza as dinner for two at Ruby Tuesdays, would make a pie that was spectacular. That did not turn out to be the case. An awful experience which we will never do again. Strike three.You will do much better going to Fatman's (Chicago style) on the Trail, or Ray's Pizza. Far better pizza at prices that are not comically insane.
3	The pizza is pretty good, but it's pricy. I prefer their thin crust. They definitely take advantage of the fact they're the only pizza joint in the nearby area, though.
2	I really wanted to like this place :( I have been twice now and always feel like I paid to much. We originally planned on dining in but the place was way to hot to stay. They really need to put on some airconditioning. The pizza was good but not great. A little soggy. The second time we got 2 sandwiches. They were huge but they were again eh. The italian sandwich was the best but it was only 3 stars. They don't even make a house italian dressing to put on it. They give you a packet of dressing that I could get at the grocery store. The sausage sandwich didn't have nearly enough peppers or sauce and was cold and I only live three minutes away. Very dissapointed. There are not many choices in Gold Canyon and I realy wanted to have a great place to grab a pizza or sandwich. I had catered Rosati's at a Christmas party last year (from a Chandler area location?) and it was really good. Guess I will try another location at some point but the price is really high to give it any more chances than the 2 I did.
1	First of all this place is not closed, it is open for business.  Unfortunately, it does need to be closed!  I am living out in Gold Canyon for the next 6 months, and if you are not familiar with the area, there is NOTHING out there...  So when I saw there was a Rosati's close by, I was extremely ecstatic!  My first clue should have been there was no one in the parking lot at dinner time. I walk in order an antipasto salad.  This took almost 10 minutes to come out.....  again NO ONE there.  What were they doing "making" the lettuce??  Anyways, so the salad come out, NOTHING like a Rosati's antipasto salad.  The entire salad was made of iceberg lettuce, which it should not have been.  The meat was not real, and what I mean by that it was rolled lunch meats and cheeses.  And to top it off (no pun intended) they gave me "packets" of Italian dressing.....  WHAT?!?!  Anyone that has every eaten at a Rosati's can at least tell you , when you order from a Rosati's it is consistent.  This place is nothing like a "true" Rosati's.  They do not use the same ingredients and the food is garbage.  Rosati's corporate needs to strip their franchise rights.
4	Must be under new owners.  The pizza was very good.  We had a thin crust/ half combo- veggie.  We were very pleased with the taste and service was okay.  They were friendly and the place clean and neat.  The menu included hamburgers, calzones, salads, etc.  Best pizza place so far in Gold Canyon.
4	Love this place. Been going there for years. Great food and nice people!
4	Fantastic deep dish pizza. Had the white pizza too!  Enjoyed both very much.
4	Great pizza!!!
2	This can't be a real Rosati's. First, it's not even listed on their official webpage as a location. Second, their pizza tastes terrible. It's not real Rosati's.Oh, and the people taking orders at the front desk? They have no clue what's going on. I called in an order for pick up and they somehow had my name and number on two different orders. They tried to give me both of them when I went in. No thanks, just want the pizza I ordered, thanks. However since the pizza was gross (as was the garlic bread with cheese), I won't be ordering again.
1	This Rosati's is not listed as one of the franchises on their website. I ordered chicken strips from the appetizer menu and received processed frozen chicken strips. I have had better frozen strips from the grocery store!The pizza is disgusting and tastes nothing like a Rosati's pizza should. Being the only delivery company in Gold Canyon, you think that they would want to have the best quality. I would not recommend this place to anyone who actually wants to eat a good meal. If I could score it a zero I would!
4	New management has improved the quality of the pizza. Had one last night and it was excellent. Will go back and try rest of menu for sure. Thanks for sticking out the summer. Gold Canyon has few places to eat we need to support those that are here.
2	I ordered a small antipasto salad, it was one half the size of the same salad & not as good as the San Tan Valley Rosati's on Hunt hwy. I live near the San Tan Valley location & go to Apache Junction frequently, I would rather get my food from the Rosati's in San Tan Valley until I am assured that each Rosati's location has the same menu, I was disappointed !! But I love Rosati's food, please get it right !!!!
4	Stopped in this place on my way back from a motorcycle ride one day.  Let me tell ya, the personal one topping pizza was nothing short of delicious.  There is a flavorful garlic sauce that they use, and fresh fries and a drink that comes with; which I only  paid 7 bucks total.  It definitely hit the SPOT.  Will definitely be back again!
2	I have only been here a few times because there isn't a lot of dining options living in Gold Canyon.  The pizza is a frozen dough, and is edible, but nothing special.  The chicken wings are actually pretty good.  The calamari is a breaded frozen product.  I'm going to go out on a limb and say nothing here is home made.  This place pretty much satiates hunger pains, but I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
4	New management - huge improvement. Pizza was awesome and hamburger was huge.  Love that they added a bar.  Staff was friendly and helpful. It is our new favorite spot in Gold Canyon.
1	We really wanted to find good Pizza in Gold Canyon but....this is not it!!! Don't bother we just made an expensive mistake:-(
5	Excellent pizza, especially the Chicago deep dish, reminded me of Uno's and My Pie! So glad this pizza restaurant is in Gold Canyon! We really enjoyed the food! It had great taste and very fresh!! Don't understand the negative comments...
1	OMG! If this is "New' management, not doing a proper job! Chicken Parmesan was horrific! Worst ever! Freezer burnt, like rubber!  Stay far far away! Only if you want to drink booze. New focus is a bar with food. Damm should have checked YELP before wasting money on crap food!  Gordon can't even save this place....LOL
3	So the Pizza I got was really good. The iced tea is nasty (instant) which makes me believe they really are not trying. They have a full bar, but I would not go there to drink because the seating and layout is poor. I don't like sitting with my back to the entrance and the TV's are not set up for the customers comfort. There are other locale places with better designs for customer comfort. So maybe grab a pizza to go and eat it at the other pizza place in Gold Canyon.....Or maybe the owner should consider redesigning the seating, the flat-screens and start brewing some good old fashioned iced tea.
1	Food is only so-so. Pizza crust has no flavor, tastes like cardboard. Sandwiches are pretty decent but nothing spectacular. Each time my family has eaten at Rosati's, though, we've experienced incredibly slow service. Doesn't seem to matter the day of the week or how many customers are in the restaurant. Today we put in our drink order and the kids' meal before we put in our own order. Good thing we did because even though it took 20 to bring out a single plate of spaghetti, us adults were still waiting after sitting there for an hour. We're throwing in the towel and never going back.
5	Ordering delivery again. Their food is just as good in the restaurant as it is delivered . Their Cheef sandwich is de-lish!! Fried chicken meal also good, comes with fries & salad! Don't pay too much attention to recent bad reviews...try it for yourself!!
1	after the sixth time that they screwed up the telephone call I finally gave up.  They must not want my business.  They had my pnone number but no call back. FORGET ABOUT IT !
