5	When Richard Z, Dallas G, and Brad E. asked me to join their co-ed soccer team, I thought they were nuts. I can't run. Or kick. Or successfully walk up a flight of stairs without being winded.Butt.... I soon realized that everyone else playing in the Friday night league was in the same boat, so it made it exponentially more fun!I like these facilities. They have  two indoor fields, and one outdoor field. There is a snack bar, bleachers all around, and plenty of restrooms. They are pretty low key and the refs are fair. "Season" two for us Rubber Mallets starts tonight, so if you are looking for a good laugh, come on down and give us a watch!
5	I love playing soccer here indoor with my wife in a coed league. We play on Fridays with friends & it's great exercise along with being able to play inside. Kids have leagues here also and it is a large place with 2 indoor fields and 1 outdoor in back.  They have a snack bar area and a little store that sells soccer stuff as well.  Pretty cool place to have in the Northwest Valley.
4	I've played soccer almost my whole life, so when a few of my buddies asked me to play on a team here on Thursday evenings, I quickly jumped at the opportunity. The ASC is one of the cleanest, well kept facilities I've ever played in.  Very simple, two fields inside, one outside (still indoor style).  I don't really care to play on the outdoor field however, due to the fact that the walls are lower, and the netting doesn't surround the entire field, so the ball goes out of play alot and sometimes you have to chase it pretty far. The indoor and outdoor nets in the goals could stand for a bit of patching up as well, as the ball is constantly going right through them. I'm also not a big fan of the fact that on top of the team fee (which is average, not overly pricey), you are forced to pay a $50 annual membership fee AND each team has to pay the refs $10 before each game! This is the first facility I've played in that didn't pay their own referees; instead they rely on the teams (who've already forked out quite a bit of money to be there in the first place) to pay them. Those few complaints aside, I love the game, and the fact that I drive from downtown Phoenix to play here should make it pretty obvious that it's worth it to me!
4	I play Co-ed soccer with my husband and some good friends. It's a lot of fun and the facility provides us a place to play in the summer heat. It's clean and staff is freindly. If you are at all interested in playing, you should check them out. There are always teams that need players of all levels.
3	I play co-ed with my boyfriend and a bunch of pals here.  The facility is nice for an indoor soccer facility, with the exception of the bathrooms.  The team fee is a little pricey for an eight week round, on top of the $50 first-year membership fee ($35 to renew after that).  PLUS, like someone else mentioned, you also have to pay the refs on top of those other fees.  One thing I have to point out with this facility is that they allow teams who shouldn't be lower than a B-league to play in the co-ed recreational D-league.  This is unfair because "recreational" indicates fun, NOT competitive.  Half the people on my team come out to have fun, & have never seen a soccer ball until now, so to put them out there with people who have played for their whole life, who come out shoving & elbowing isn't a fair game at all.  The biggest complaint I have is that the refs play on the teams, so they are pretty partial to the team they play for or the people they pal around with.  Some of them are very fair, but some of them are a bit ridiculous with their calls.  Other than that, great facility; just some frustrating things going on.  My team will probably go elsewhere for at least a few rounds of soccer because of the above-mentioned things, but it's not the worst facility in the world, so if you can deal with some fairly mild obnoxiousness resulting from the politics of the place, I'd recommend it.  The turf on their fields is fantastic. : )
5	great place to play at! the staff is awesome and everyone is friendly
4	A neighbor of mine turned me on to ASC and Im glad he did. As far as I know its pretty much so the premier indoor soccer facility all us soccer fanatics here in AZ. I've been playing for several years now and I really enjoy the set up over there. The only complaints would be that the outside nets suck and the surface out there needs some work as well but other than that its all good.
4	My son plays soccer here, excellent complex, coaches are ok, they should motivate kids more, and its a little pricey compared to other places.
1	Its a premier indoor soccer facility, But the staff is bad. Receptionist is always looking at his phone and not in a mood to help customer.  He just want to finish the conversation and go back to his phone. Came in to ask about adult soccer and told me to look at the brochure. Phoned/Emailed Eric Tate, Justin and no response. Good Facility, But really poor customer service.
