5	This is an excellent Roberto's.  I've been to others but this on is best.  The staff is very friendly and FAST.  But, the food doesn't taste like fast food, it's fresh and good.  I usually get the carne asada plate which lasts me for three meals!  The salsa verde is excellent.
2	Maybe I'm just not knowledgeable enough about Mexican food or something, but I really don't understand the hype about this place/chain. Everyone is always talking about how great and "authentic" it is, but it just seems like standard, uninteresting Mexican fast-food fare to me. Plus, from what I have always heard, although Americanized-Mexican dishes rely on mounds of cheese, real, authentic Mexican food is rarely covered in a cup and a half of shredded cheddar. I don't know, though The food was okay and the service was okay and the prices are okay, but that's really all I can say about it...it's okay. I will say that, when I was in, their salsa/veggie bar was absolutely wrecked. Maybe some quality salsa would've somehow elevated my rolled tacos to another level, garnering another star in the process, but there was no way I was going to pick through that mess to find out. Hell, maybe I'll try it again and it'll knock my socks off. If so, I'll be sure to update this review accordingly, but as of now, I'm in no real rush to go back and see.
3	always clean never too packed aside from late night munchie crowds. I got the carne Masada combo with rice and beans. no complaints here. located in a good part of town by the 215. for $8.00 it is much sometimes. sometimes if you get the females at the register they seem to cook you more for your dollar. I come once a week or so but its worth it.
2	Food is not authentic Mexican one bit. It's edible but so is Taco Bell. Not worth the money.
5	Yummy! Saw it on the Travel Channel and had to make a stop. I love their tacos and salsa bar.
3	I do love me some Roberto's food! No, it isn't fancy or good for you in the least, but I do enjoy it from time to time.  I just wish I could talk my hubby into eating here more often.  Here's why I like Roberto's:1. Huge portions!  I rarely can finish any meal that I order from here.  I almost always have leftovers that are great the next day.  2. Good and cheap! My wallet is never crying after I pay for food here. You get a ton for what you pay for.  I love a good deal.3. Super fast! It is totally fast food! This is great because I am usually in a rush.  I do think they should add a drive thru window though.  I rarely go, because I usually have a crazy 2 year old in the backseat and getting her in and out of her car seat is too much work most of the time.4. It's open 24 hours! Why only 3 stars? Well...1. The staff isn't particularly friendly.  They aren't mean or rude, but they aren't very welcoming either.2. I do like it, but I don't make a huge effort to go there, which means it is just ok in my book.  I know that is totally subjective, but it is the truth. So I do enjoy Roberto's and everyone should try it at least once.  And if you do, try the Carne Asada fries!
3	Some Robertos can be good. Some are not. This location is just okay. It's fairly clean and really doesn't have a ton of people coming into this location. Roberto's is always open 24 hours for people who need some seriously heavy drunk food!Ambiance: 3 - Fast food shop style. Small kitchen with a good amount of chairs.Service: 4 - The people were okay, they got our order done quickly. They were nice and spoke Spanish! Food: 3 - There's a giant menu at Roberto's of fast food Mexican. Not really authentic food if that's what your looking for~!Meh. The food was just alright. I've had better Roberto's from another location. I felt that the carne asada was a little dry and flavorless here. Mexican isn't really my food of choice, but man, is it filling!!However, if you do plan to eat here, I suggest the breakfast burrito or the carne asada fries (which are not that bad, even with the meat)!!!
3	There are many Roberto's in the valley, some better than others, some worse. But, in general the product is consistent and you're never too far away from one They provide good food at a reasonable price.I used to go to this location before it was a Roberto's, it was a non-chain Mexican restaurant that had great chili rellenos, one of my favorites. I digress, back to the Roberto's Yelp.I was working in the area and have been to this location several times, but had never Yelped them. I usually have the carne asada burrito, lunch special. For $7.35, you get a carne asada burrito, sides of rice and beans, with a drink. This is what I had today.The burrito is filled with carne asada and avocado, very tasty, The sides of rice and beans, beans a little above average, rice average. Soda was the Pepsi genre.I gave three stars, which is an average rating, which I consider them to be. But, I have Yelped many Mexican restaurants, as of late, many were so below average, I would seek out average. I like the food here, it tastes good, you get plenty, at a reasonable price, can't ask for much more than that. So if you're in the area, give them a try. If you're a Roberto's fan, this location is about average for them, I've been to better, been to worse, but in general the Roberto's are consistent, I recommend them.
5	Man I love Roberto's! Been eating here since I was a kid! Quick, cheap good food! This location is right by my house but I'm glad there are so many so no matter what side of town I'm on I can get my fix! I love their chicken Tacos Wednesdays when they are only $1. I haven't had anything I didn't like!
5	I have never had bad food from this location. It's clean, the staff is friendly, the food is stellar! Seriously, I don't go to any other location because they've set the bar so high, I'm usually disappointed if I go anywhere else.
