1	Horrible customer service experience; couldn't even get past the receptionist. Refused verified insurance coverage, inaccurate cash pricing, poor attitude. Overall an underwhelming and less than positive experience.
5	I have had both therapy sessions and visits with a psych on a regular basis here. I love the front desk staff. They're so down to earth even when it's bat-lickin' busy in there.I see Dr. Faramond (psych) and David (therapist). They both really know what they're doing, and if they don't know an answer to my question(s) they look it up without hesitation. No egos.I'm not sure who the previous yelpers saw or experienced, but i've been here more than 15-20 times and compared to the other Harmony Healthcare offices, this one is the bees knees! :)
1	They are interested in money and only money. your first visit is just a questionnaire which you would normally fill out yourself. They have someone ask you the questions and charge you or your insurance a full office visit like you actually saw the doctor. I should have left then. They also didn't tell me this so it was another month before I saw a doc and got my meds. The doctor I did see is younger guy first on the left when you walk down the far hallway by the TV. He is all about money. He dropped me because he said he is not suppose to fill Adderall prescriptions, that is my primary care physician's job. This is total BS as many of you know who are on adderall. He dropped me because my insurance wouldn't pay him as much as he wanted. he is also a chiropractor, but his office isn't doing well because he charges 3x as much. he says I have to charge them more because they are seeing a doctor, not just  regular chiropractor. I asked do you give them medical treatment other than the chiro treatmen. He said no. I was like WTF dude! So after that I told him it is best I go somewhere else as I like to see doctors who think about getting patients well first not getting their money first. Ryan
1	If you're looking for a harmonious counseling office with compassionate therapists, DON'T GO HERE!!!You'll be called in several minutes late and still have to leave at the scheduled end time. The female and male therapists my daughter and I spoke with were uncaring, talked more than listened, weren't focused on us, and completely lacking COMPASSION. I got a 30 minute session because I was called back 20 minutes late and the therapist was more focused on my file and paperwork on his desk than on what I was saying for the first 5 minutes. Didn't listen well enough and talked about things I already knew. Said I had anxiety issues when I never once mentioned anxiety. My daughter's female therapist was rude, matter of fact, and harsh. I didnt see her smile once. This therapist does not have children and I feel that impacts her ability to sympathize with children and parents. Needless to say, we'll never return.
1	Horrible experience!If you are depressed, please Do NOT got to Harmony! ( Ironic name..eye roll)The first session is indeed a questionnaire so, no therapy there. Then after a 3 week wait for an appt with an intern/counselor, showing up and waiting for 30 mins they tell me she called in sick. Another 3 week wait, happened again ( at least they called this time) another 3 weeks go by and today..surprise,  I can no longer go to W Post Rd, where I live because the run-down Charleston office 45 mins away is "wide open."  Unless, I pay cash to stay in my neighborhood of course, so still no therapy. What a nightmare! I am more depressed now, that before I tried to get therapy 3 MONTHS ago! I agree with another poster. This place is about greed only, and should be closed immediately, as they are causing, not preventing harm!
2	I was browsing for a doctor in my insurance provider directory and Harmony Healthcare came up in my search. I had 2 good experiences at this location and 2 very bad ones. I don't remember anybody's names because this was about 3-4 years ago, but I can say that there are good among the bad here, you just have to hope for the best I guess. One experience I still recall vividly, however, was on my second visit with one woman, she re-introduced herself to me. She had forgotten that we already had a session the week prior. What a dummy.
