3	This location doesn't have a drive-thru and it's quite small, so I don't frequent it often, but it's a Starbucks and it's consistent.
5	Rarely crowded. 4 tables indoors, many more outdoors. Wifi is usually fast. Only downside is that it's next to a gas station, so the visuals out the window aren't exactly spectacular. But if you care about that, why are you in Scottsdale?
5	Coffee is only one of the reasons I frequent this Starbucks. Everyone that works at this location is Amazing.They know how to make your coffee right and they always have amazing suggestions for new drinks when I just can't decide what I want,Again!Days when I am running late I still find time to come here and see my peeps that make my day with their cool Barista skills and their even cooler personalities.
3	Convenient location, seating inside and outside, and some good Joe. Plain and simple.
5	i just really like starbucks. and now that it's the holiday season, i'm always shelling out for one of the froo-froo pumpkin spice latte's.
4	Super busy in the morning but what coffee shop isn't right? But I ordered my coffee and a breakfast sandwich and was out taking care of business in 10 minutes.. no complaints whatsoever!
3	Eh, I tend to  avoid this location.  It is attached to a gas station which makes for traffic and tricky parking. It is very small location,  Also, the barristas here have messed up my order multiple times.  When they are made correctly the drinks are great!
5	I've been to this location a few times while getting gas and shopping at Albertson's or other stores in the area. My Caramel Macchiato decaf. with soy has always been tasty so I assume it's been prepared correctly. I've never had to wait more than two people. There are table and chairs inside and out.
5	This starbucks is small and sweet. I like that it is attached to a low-price gas station too. I had the carmel apple spice -which I am in love with & it made my night.
3	Starbucks is 'ok' , I'm not really a fan of their coffee, I like the fact that they have restrooms and I love the cheese Danish.
4	It's a sweet spot. They have Teavana tea which make me like them even more. It's not super crowded which makes it nice. As his fit the parking the big lot of parking is right next to it (Albertsons') so I don't really think parking is an issue.I like Starbucks' that are close to ASU more.
5	Best baristas in the city. They all remember my order (and that it changes when pumpkin spice is in season) and make it before I even ask. The patio is huge and lovely. Location is great. Best of all: 90% of the time you will be in and out in under 2 min.
5	So very cool having A coffee shop at A gas station. Very easy in and out. Great location. Nice people.
