3	I'm probably the worst person to review strip clubs since I'm crap at going to them. I don't know what to do and I feel awkward just being there. I also have a "thing" about paying people to touch me. I don't go to the doctor unless it's absolutely necessary, I cut my own hair, and I've never even had a massage (of any kind). Still, somehow I've managed to go to a ton of these clubs and occasionally I've had a good time.This place came highly recommended by my girlfriend who swears by it... at lunchtime... during the week. I've only gone at night and have yet to have a good time here. It's got a great stage and it's a huge club and you would think it's one of the most professional looking places in the Valley. The problem is, every time I've gone here I've either been completely ignored or had lousy lap dances. Example - I got a dance from this adorable (and young) girl who snapped her gum and lip-synced to the R&B song that was playing as she hopped up and down on my lap. It was more annoying than sexy and I wanted her to get off me and die - instead, after she was done I made her give my girlfriend the same shitty lapdance (and she hated it as well) because I'm evil and that's the most joy I typically get out of strip clubs.Maybe I need to go with a large group and flash a bunch of cash. Maybe that's how you're supposed to roll at a strip club - go large - spend lots of money - go VIP - etc... I just don't know if I want to take it that far. Anyway - I think this club has potential and I'm going to assume I've just been on off nights (all 3 times I've gone).
4	Go during the day...the dirty girls come out at night..unless of course, you're looking for that...hands down the most classy club in phoenix. it's large and has just the right dimness to it..drink specials are good when you can come by them, and i've heard the food is decent..as for the girls, it's a mix...you'd expect christie's to have the best of the best, but I saw a couple that looked extremely disinterested and unattractive...they have someone for your every type, as i saw a vast variety of girls (ethnicity, body, face, etc)...my main concern with the girls being that there are really no "edgy" girls there, as if they are not allowed...guess you have to keep that classy kind of look here, which is fine, but i can only handle so many blondes...overall, i'd recommend this place if you're going to go to a strip club in the phoenix area...and if you hate it, bandaids is right down the street...
5	Loved this place.. HI CHLOE!
5	I usually stop in here on my way back to Los Angeles and I love it!!  The place is huge, and I actually had a girl give me a discounted lap dance because I told her I was just hitting the Greyhound back to LA good times!!
1	Went on a friday evening. Wwaited 30 minutes before a dancer offered a dance. Alll the dancers are old and 30+. with hard bodies and wrinlked faces. Their mouths stink and one female with a blue dress was so dirty, u cud see the hair in her ass!!yuck.and this female did not return the change!! Took 20 dollars for a 10 dollar lousy lapdance. Only one attractive young female and she was all th etime with one guy !!!and after that guy left, she also left!!Ridiculous.shit place. ugly women.old bodies,stinky mouths, dirty asses and very racist. AVOID!!
3	Very nice inside, located in a bad area but well lit and tight security. The ladies are all top notch as is the service; but it simply is too clean cut for my taste. Strip bars should have a bit of raunch to them to me and this is simply too clean, too nice, too vanilla.
5	This is definitely one of the best clubs in the country! My boyfriend and I love going to strip clubs and we had a blast here. Great energy all around, friendly staff, friendly girls, fun atmosphere. If you are ever in the Phoenix area this is the place to check out. The area is pretty bad, but it's safe there. Not sure on the prices, but lap dances are around $10-20 and VIP is around $300 for an hour. (You can correct me on that)
3	This place is kinda hit or miss. One time I went and there on a Thursday night and there was a good selection of young girls that were friendly. Then on a Friday night there wasn't a single attractive in the place.There is a $10 cover and the drinks are really expensive. This place is okay, but largely avoidable.
4	Let me start by saying that we went to Christie's on a Tuesday night, that being said:My wife and I always go to strip clubs together and are no amateurs to the scene being from the bay area in CA.We got a recommendation to visit this place from a local. We parked out front, walked in and paid $20 for the cover ($10 each). The host sat us up front at the stage at out request. The waitress was very attentive and nice, didn't press us or try and upsell anything. The stage was small but it worked out well because it kept the dancers very close. The majority of the dancers were good looking, with an average of an "8". Most of them had natural breasts, which was nice, and seemed to be enjoying themselves. Dancers would come around and ask you if you wanted a dance, and whether you did or not, they would hang out and chat for a bit, even though there were plenty of people int he place. There were also ALOT of dancers and girls in the club. We must have watched the show for at least 45 minutes before we saw the same girl on stage again. We got a couple of dances, $10 each. We drank all night and the total bill was $36...can't beat that. Bottom line, next time we are in town we will definitely come back to Christie's.
3	UPDATE:  the last time I went to this club I met a dancer there and bought her a drink. We ended up going out on a date at which time she disclosed to me that she was actually 19 years old. The part of me that wanted to do nasty things with her shriveled up and died in that moment and I was shocked that she was allowed to have a drink in the club because she was under 21. Her reply to me was oh they don't really care if you're a dancer. Ive got a problem with that I'm an adult and only adults should be drinking in clubs so beware of that.  Don't assume they are of age....I was expecting really hot girls...but i found very few.  Mostly fake boobs...and major check-out attitudes.  I'm a girl, im an easy money lap dance 'cause im not gonna try to pull anything...but it was ridiculously difficiult to GET a lap dance from a girl that was pretty.  I like voluptuous spicy girls...dark hair, natural breasts..not much of that at Cristies. If you like alot of blondes w fake breasts...you might like it. The drinks are strong, the atmosphere great.  Buut in my opinion, their girls are sub par for the price......ive seen cuter girls willing to work at the Candy Store.....but i'm still looking to try Burbon Street.  BTW saw waaaaaaaaaaay too many girls at this club with bellies....i was like, WTF?
5	The best club year over year! Business man lunch is not as satisfying as the ladies.
3	Nice club. Came to sell woman's jewelry. Friendly staff. Will visit again next time I'm in town.
4	Very nice company. Prices a bit steep, but, a god spot to hang out.
2	Has really gone down hill lately. Very few dancers. Some were attractive. Saw guys came in and sit down for a few minutes, then leave since no dancers were on the stage most of the time. Service was spotty at best. I finally had to go to the bar, wait another several minutes, and then order the drink myself.
1	Wow, seriously? This place is definitely one of the worst strip clubs that I have ever been. I usually don't write a bad review, and if there is something wrong I prefer to tell it to the owner, but this place was so bad that I feel like whoever is in charge of this place is just disrespectful.It was a saturday night we got there at 11:00 pm there were maybe 15 people in the club,which looked weird to me because the club is very impressive. It took more than 30 min for the waiters to come to our table, no girls came to out table for the whole time that we've been there, beside to the fact that there were no more than 5 dancers.We left after about 45 min that club without even finish our drinks, and went to another club. I will never go there again! Simply a waste of time, and money.
