5	The people that own this place are some of the nicest people I've met in this town. The food was incredible too; especially the spring rolls.
3	This place is brand new with a nice comfortable atmosphere and I was told they are still working on the menu and it will be shortened because it's way too long. My first choice was discontinued from the menu so I went with what they call Com Ga Nuong. It was described as marinated grilled chicken with Ginger, Lemongrass, Shallots, and Garlic. It sounds really good. I've had this similar dish at a few other Vietnamese Places so I was expecting a different presentation. But the number one thing that bothered me about the dish was the lack of the flavors mentioned in the description. This dish at Pho Viet only was garnished with 2 pieces of cucumber and two tomato slices and it did come with a large portion of rice and a very mild fish sauce with very finely shredded carrots in the fish sauce. I also did sample the beef and meatball Pho. To me it was less flavorful than others I've tried but not awful and just OK.Both meals were hot and fresh served in a timely manner. If you are in the area you should put them on your rotation and see what you think.The owners are very welcoming to criticism as I did mention the lack of flavor to them in the chicken dish. 2.5 rounded up for welcoming criticism.
5	My first 5 star review!This place has the best pho I've ever had. Not best in AZ, best ever!  along with Really big vietnamese portions. totally legit if you ask me the staff is fast and efficient which is  what i look for in a restaurant  we ordered spring rolls and everyone got pho. however the vietnamese iced coffee was something newer that was introduces to me here it too was delicious. this was our first time  at (Pho Viet Vietnamese Restaurant) because it's a newer family establishment that just opened last week but i have a feeling the owners and staff-will be seeing me as a regular just for pho. did i also mention its authentic and cheap in price! which calls for perfect lunch with friends and family  on any given day.the best part of my experience is the owners checked to see how everything was which never really happens in most family restaurants that ive been to...keep up the great service !!!!!
3	Great service. The egg rolls were good except they only gave us one piece of lettuce for two egg rolls. I got the pho tai which would've been much better if the soup wasn't so salty. I also ordered a strawberry Boba but the Boba wasn't thoroughly cooked which is disappointing. I'm hoping they will improve because this place is close to my house and I'd love to become a regular.
5	We drive out of the way about 45 minutes, once a week for this gem of a restaurant. Great food, and I can't believe how fast it comes out.  My favorite is #35 :)  They're always busy, and really friendly.  It's comfy, and we always end up ordering stuff to take back with us for later in the week.  This place is amazing!
5	Really great pho, really delicious vermicelli!  The servers and staff were friendly and energetic for their new business, and I wish them luck!I came here because at 8 pm on a Monday night, every pho place around was closed or getting ready to close.  This place is open 7 days a week, and later than most other joints.  This makes it a lot easier on me to get pho with my unusual schedule.
5	Let me start of by saying that my "last meal" if i was ever on death row would be Pho. I love the stuff. Now that i said that, I had the best bowl of Pho i have ever had in the united states here. Period. I had the bowl with everything in it, I believe it is the first option under the Pho menu there. Everything about the bowl was perfect. The broth, noodles, the exact perfect ratio of the flank, tripe etc. The staff was incredibly friendly and welcoming which is something i havent experienced a lot in places like this. I had at least 5 or 6 people walk up to me making sure i was taken care of. Absolutely everyone working there were all smiles. Now if that werent enough the prices are incredible. My bowl was HEARTY. I can put down some Pho, and the portion had me completely stuffed. And it was like 8 bucks. Incredible bang for your buck. I would recommend this place to anybody and everybody. Absolutely go out of your way to come here. I not only intend to be back, but i can see myself very easily being a regular here. Incredible food, incredible price, incredible staff. And they serve beer. 10/10
5	The Thai Tea is amazing as well as the Tara Bobba..this place has only been open since 5/16/13 and I feel like it has been open for longer Peter & Maggie are very friendly and go out of their way to make your experience a good one.
5	If this is the same Pho place that was here quite a while ago, and is now again open, and owned by the same mom & pop, it is fantastic!  I really need to go there again.  It's far from me, but worth every bit.  I shall expand my review after revisiting.
5	Holy Smokes this place is GOOD! No, it is freaking AWESOME! I am a HUGE pho fan, and eat it practically once a week. I noticed this place was opening and came across the yelp reviews. So I decided it was worth a try. For one, the place is aesthetically pleasing. It doesn't look like a shop that was transported from Vietnam, like the usual place with small tables, cheap/poor decorations, and looks run down. This place is clean yet traditional.I ordered the shrimp spring rolls, which I've had in different states all over the U.S. These were the best. My BF who isn't die hard about the rolls ate one and said they were amazing. And he travels to Guam, Hawaii, and lots of other places.I got the Pho, and it was the best I've ever had. Fresh, the broth was delicious and really carried the flavors of the star anise. It was SO good, I just went yesterday and want to go back today!I also got a Taro Boba, which i've been obsessed with since I lived in Hawaii. Nobody here, in my neighborhood, has been able to make an amazing boba. Again, my BF drank half of mine and he doesn't even like boba! SOOOO GOOD!*The only thing I could see them improving is maybe adding a TV in their little bar area. And that's just a personal preference. Their food is AMAZING. The staff and owners are really nice. I couldn't understand one of the waiters but he was still very nice.
5	Pho Viet is by far the best Pho restaurant I have ever been to. I ordered the #12 Pho with everything.  I also ordered the Fried Rice with chicken and beef.  I wanted to order a little of everything on the menu because each plate was so amazing I could only imagine how everything else must taste.  The food was absolutely delicious and the staff was extremely friendly. Especially the owners and their son Peter. I'm not one to usually write reviews but I just had to tell everyone how amazing this place is. It was as if I was dining on the food of the gods... that's how good it was.   I live an hour from Pho Viet and I will gladly make this drive more often to dine in this heavenly place.
4	Best Vietnamese Restaurant north of Camelback in Arizona.  It's better than Pho Avina, Angelina's, Viet Kitchen and Pholicious.  The have a wide variety of items to choose from that you would only find in Southern California.  It may seem pricey, but it's comparable to other Vietnamese Restaurants in the area and they do give you a good amount of food.  Everything tastes fresh, looks good, and smoothies are creamy (avocado=yum)!  Orders were taken quickly and accurately.  It's a new place and I do enjoy the cleanliness, decors and their authentic Vietnamese music.
5	This is the best pho I've had in the valley. Being a vegetarian, I called ahead to make sure they would be able to accommodate my needs. They made me a completely vegetarian pho - which was absolutely out of this world, soul-warming, face-glowing, asian soul phood (see what i did there?) phonomenal. The vegetarian spring rolls were very fresh, high quality, and my avocado smoothie had actual chunks of avocado in it. Aside from the food the service was excellent, they were very eager to please, and the space itself is extremely clean, nicely decorated, and not what you would expect from the outside. My boyfriend, who had never tried pho, is now a convert and we will absolutely be back. Probably later this week.
5	This is a very welcome addition to the Asian dining scene in the Valley. The food is excellent, as is the service and the atmosphere. The portions are generous, so I thought I would be bringing some part of the meal to take home. But because the food was so good, I ended up finishing everything. I love that this restaurant has dishes with the great flavors and great prices I've come to expect from my favorite Vietnamese restaurants, but the nice location and the  casual, modern relaxed atmosphere sets this apart from the others.
5	was apprehensive about this place seeing as how ive gone to the same place for pho for almost ten years. All of my fears where wiped away as soon as i walked in the door. The establishment is very very clean unlike alot of other strip mall pho spots ive been to. The staff is more than helpfull and extremely friendly but to top it off the Pho is out of this world AWESOME!!! I cant recomend this place enough!
5	I have been eating "pho" noodle soups now since 1985. Mainly all over Garden Grove Orange County California where the Pho phenomenon seems to have started. The way to judge a good bowl of Pho is by the broth.  Most Pho has good broth. But rarely do they have great memorable broths. Most people add some shiracha hot sauce and hoisen into the broth. Here it is not really  needed. This is the one of the best broths I have ever tried. Why would you want to mask these incredible flavors?  The chef will come out and greet you, he is eager to tell you about the merits of "his" broth. Pho  Viet has great broth as the base, with noodles fresh and properly cooked. The basil and vegetables are  another way to judge  Pho. When you are served pho soup, you will be presented with a plate of fresh basil, sprouts, greens, and maybe some other vegetable in which you will immediately break apart and add to the soup to intensify the flavors of the Pho. Here, the basil is so fresh! Many of the Pho soup variations have meats that most Americans are not comfortable eating such as tendons, tripe, etc , etc, you can order it without all of this such as just beef or chicken. Pho soup is not really about the meats anyway. It is all about the tasty broth and  rice noodles. The basil here is so fresh and fragrant it is as if it was picked minutes ago. The sprouts are fresh and crisp. MMMMM, great Pho!The other day my friend had the chicken with lemongrass and ginger. The taste was great. You will also get a nice bowl of that heavenly soup broth with your meal. We both ordered the fresh spring rolls which had even more of that great fresh basil. As for service, this seems to be a family owned restaurant. I believe it may be ran by a brother and sister team.  They will treat you like family. Need I say more? For all those peoples who are not familiar with Vietnamese restaurants and have always wanted to try, come here. You will be yet anther "pho" convert. It has been opened for a few weeks now, I hope the chef keeps the "fresh" vision for years and years to come! P.s. If you feel unconfortable with chopsticks, just ask. They will bring you silverware.
5	A new top of the Pho list for me.30 Flavors of Boba for starters sold me right out the gates.  I had the Lychee Boba and it was bomb.Also ordered the crispy egg roll which was much bigger than normal which is a plus hopefully they keep them that size it's well worth the value.  Full of flavor and very crispy.Last but not least the Pho.... The broth was clear like it should be also very nice flavor before even adding all my sauces and herbs.  Overall this place is awesome and it's close to work so I see myself here at least bi-weekly.  They have only been open 3 weeks so far so I am sure it's going to get busier soon as it is the best around this area.
4	As soon as I figure out exactly what #56 on the extensive menu was beyond "chicken, rice, and crispy pickled vegetables" I'll tell you - but I can tell you now the name doesn't do it justice.  The food was delicious and in decent but not overwhelming quantity.   Service was attentive, solicitous, and friendly, and the dining area well-spaced, clean and appealing with a few well-placed nods to the orient, but not overdone, down to the low-key Viet pop music in the background.  And the price for this lovely plate of food in this very pleasant, friendly, family-run eatery: an amazing $7.99.     I have to mention the red rice that came with the meal. Expecting only the ordinary white sticky rice, this was a surprise, and a most pleasant one.  It was moist, reddish-orange in color, and full of satisfying flavor of it's own sufficient that we asked the staff what was in it.  We never got a definitive answer but whatever it is/was - it was not the traditional pile of tasteless stuck together white rice one might expect, and especially at so modest a price for so good a meal.  As stated above, the dining room is clean and attractive and the tables well-spaced, un-crowded.  Service could not have been friendlier or more attentive, though the attention lavished on us may have partly been a factor of our being the only customers at the odd dining time of 4:30 on a Sunday afternoon.  I don't know Vietnamese food very well at all, but I know what I like and Pho Viet did a wonderful job of providing it this afternoon.  I will be back to try more of the very affordable menu and enjoy the good service as well.
5	I first found out about this new vietnamese restaurant on the yelp app for "hot new businesses" and I wanted to try the place out after seeing the facebook pictures and reading other early yelp reviews. When I first walked in, immediately recognize that this wasn't your typical "pho shop" and enjoyed the modern decor for a change of view, the waiters greeted us with smiles and the owners were very nice! Everyone was helpful in every single way possible A+ for customer service; that alone will encourage me to want to repeat business. I had the springrolls and bo luc lac and both were very delicious - I only wish that they have a more like peanut buttery sauce for the springrolls but their sauce for it was good too! my mom had bun bo hue and she enjoyed that very much as well as talking to everyone there LOLThough I haven't tried the pho yet, I'm itching to go back and try when I'm in the area for sure :)
5	This place is awesome! This one blows Pho Avina out of the water. The service is great, the place is clean, and the food is wonderful. They have a great selection of Boba smoothies for a hot day.  The Pho broth had nice flavor and they don't skimp on noodles or meat. I am from the Sedona area and try to make a point to stop for Pho when I am in Phoenix since it isn't something I can find locally. I will definitely be back.
3	The Pho here is very good and they give you a great amount of it for the price they charge. We tried the egg rolls as well and they're very good. The thing that I was bothered with was the Cripsy butter garlic chicken wings that we ordered. On there website they have a picture of this dish and it shows 6 wings on there and they charge $5.99 for them, which seems a bit much for me already. $1 per wing?! So we went and ordered them anyway and asked the waiter how many per order and he told us 5 in one order. But when they came out, there was only 4 in the plate and I had to ask them why. So he went back in the kitchen and asked the cook, and he came back and said that the cook gave us only 4 because one of the wings were a bit bigger (but to me they were just all regular size wings you get at the bar) So we ended up getting only 4 wings for $6+tax. Ridiculous!
4	The first thing I think of when someone tells me there's a Vietnamese restaurant I think hmmm, is the place going to be clean? since a lot of the Vietnamese restaurants around town are dives.  To my surprise, this restaurant not only newly opened, is open, spacious, CLEAN and well decorated in a modern theme.  The menu is extensive with the basic pho choice of rice noodles or egg noodles.  I decided to try their shrimp paste, pork chop, Vietnamese meat loaf over rice plate and a drink consisting of condensed milk, raw egg, and club soda.  I was a bit queasy to try the drink but wanted something different~ as it turned out, the drink is tasty~ a bit like liquid custard.  I think it would taste even better with a bit of salt sprinkled in to enhance the flavor.  I have to laugh though since none of the other wait staff, including the owner has tried this drink even though it's on the menu!The rice plate was good.  Everything tasty.  Only bit of turn off was the pork chop came out really greasy.  Had a layer of oil on both sides that I had to sop off with a couple of napkins.The wait staff were friendly, so friendly in fact that they waved and hollered out good bye to me without giving me the check.  Lol.  Good thing I'm a honest customer and told them I had not paid yet!  Overall, a very enjoyable experience.  Good location~ I hope they do well!!!
3	Great new Pho place, have been here twice now, service was good food was delicious had the chicken Pho and chow fun both were very fresh and tasty with large portion size. We will be back to try more..
4	Went there this weekend for the first time. The thought of soup on a warm, 120 degree day did not sound like a great idea, so we opted for rolls and a noodle dish. I am brand new to Vietnamese food, so the menu was pretty intimidating to a newbie. However, Maggie and Peter did a GREAT job explaining things to us while keeping our waters filled! Very friendly, VERY CLEAN, food was yummy. Please give this new restaurant a try and be sure to introduce yourself to Maggie and Peter..Super nice folks. I wish them luck!! Welcome to AZ.
3	Just went for dinner. Food was ok. Spring rolls were alright, could of used more flavors.  The pho was okay. I felt that the pho broth was too fatty. This flavor to me ruined the taste of the pho, especially towards the bottom of the bowl.  Also bathrooms on each side of the restaurant were a bit confusing.
5	Once again, Yelp helped us pick a winner.  Hubby was craving Pho, and FYI he is the big Pho expert in our house.  I just go along.  We were tired of Viet Kitchen, so I was excited to see a brand new Pho place not too far away.Man oh man, so clean, modern, friendly,  5 stars just for being a pleasant environment.  But the proof was in the Pho and hubby was very very happy.  Boba was great.  Service excellent.   Menu is really extensive, so I was happy to have so many other choices.  lemongrass shrimp rice plate was nicely spicy, a little skimpy on actual shrimp, but the veggies tasted better anyway.  Congrats to owners for opening and hope all goes very well.  p.s. 43rd Ave and Bell is starting to be THE place to go for great food  (Here, Yen Sushi, and Mi Comida, BOOM, done!)
5	I can't say enough about this place. Staff is friendly, the place is beautiful and the food is mighty tasty. I am never steered wrong when I want to try a new item and even though this place has only been open for a short time, I feel like they are family. They get to know you and what you order as well as remember what you have ordered (and liked) in the past.  They are VERY attentive and want to ensure that you have a great experience. Do you have a question? Ask away! I keep coming back because it's like a home away from home...without the curfew.
5	Where do I start????      I had a Daddy Daughter lunch date with my 9 month old and I was craving some good Vietnamese. It's a little hard to find its in a plaza tucked in on the end.       I was greeted immediately by a nice man and he found a nice table where I could park my stroller on the end.       This place is spotless! I was thrilled that usually means the kitchen is clean too. So I ordered the lunch special a regular sized bowl beef and meatball noodle soup with an egg roll and a Pepsi for 10.00 bucks. I was feeling like a fatty so ordered the butter garlic crispy chicken wings as an appetizer.        I finished it all!!! it was hot , fresh and Flavor bomb central. The staff was so attentive and friendly.....I was recently introduced to Vietnamese coffee with sweetened condensed milk so I ordered some and it was a great way to finish the meal. Definitely a great lunch spot and date spot too. I'm afraid that this place is going to be found by all lovers of Vietnamese and no longer be a Hidden Gem.....go you will be glad you did!
3	Sad that I have to write my disappointed update. 1) I always order the same thing #13 which is $7.49. Today I went in for the first time in maybe 2 weeks. I noticed that they got larger bowls. Their last bowls barely fit the soup. Upon checkout, I was charged $8.49 per bowl (I went with my BF). The man who checked me out said we charge you $1.00 more because the bowl is bigger. I never asked for a bigger bowl, I was just given it. How can you charge more to people than what the menu states? Not good.2) I say ok fine, and pay. My total was $23.17 for 2 bowls & a boba. I handed the man $25.45 and he gave me back $1. 63?!?!?! I said UM this is not my correct change. It should be $2 plus change. The man said oh sorry my mistake and gave me 4 quarters, and a one dollar bill. THEN as I'm putting my change in my purse, the man took the $1 bill off the counter & put it in a tip jar behind the counter or something. I thought he was crazy. I had already left a $5 tip on the table.I looked at my boyfriend and said mmmm, nope. Maggie & her brother are really nice, but won't be coming back for awhile after this poor experience. =( So super disappointed by this. I felt kinda cheated...
5	So........................I've been told that the best way to judge a Vietnamese restaurant, especially its pho, is by the broth. Specifically the pho bo, tai, nam, chin ,gan ( beef broth )....etc, etc. This place is OFF THE CHAIN!!!!!! I've had several places that do pho very well, but hands down this is my favorite place. I found out about it after a month or so of it opening and I'm really glad i did. Great cozy atmosphere, everyone is SUPER nice,  especially Maggie ).:-) This is a MUST GO for anyone in the area, and if you aren't in the area....... get in your preferred method of transportation and GET THERE, like ASAP! Happy dining at Pho Viet
4	I really, really liked this place.  It was big, clean and in a good location in regards to where I work.  The people were really friendly and greeted you right away.  I ordered the Chicken Pho and it was amazing!  The broth had a great flavor and really hit the spot.  They give you a lot of fixings (bean sprouts, jalapenos, etc).  I also tried the egg rolls and they were pretty good.I am a fan and will return to try some of their other items!
5	Found this in my rear view mirror as I was leaving the parking lot. Turned around and went in to pick up a to go order of Pho.The place is very new and very clean.The staff was very friendly.Pho was excellent.Plastic wrapped spring rolls rolls were off putting and did not taste fresh.Edit 4/29/14So after two visits since my first review, the springs rolls have been fresh and great tasting. Upping to 5 stars.
4	So Glad they were open late !! Yum
5	HOLY PHO-CKEN SHIZZ PARTY PEOPLE!  I love this place!  Not only was the food OUTSTANDING but the people running the joint were awesome.  My daughter loves Pho Ga so I took her and my wife here last night for dinner.  We had originally planned on going to Nam Sao (our go to joint) but found it closed for remodeling.  Fate had intervened.Just to get the pho out of the way, my daughter and wife both loved their Pho Ga.I on the other hand absolutely LOVED the Com Dac Biet combo plate.  Every bite was amazing.  The grilled pork and chicken had that familiar Vietnamese smokey grilled taste.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly.  The broken rice perfect and the side of clear soup I got was out of this world.  My favorite thing on the plate, the shrimp paste and the meatloaf.  This is the perfect meal.You cant go wrong here.  I will be back, again and again...
1	First visit: staff very loud  in communicating with each other. Food was good but dry had to use soup to try to bring some moisture to rice , chicken and egg rolls. May give it another try
3	The pho was good! It was my first time having pho and it had a strong clove flavor(a spice) i don't particularly like clove so it was hard for me to love the pho.  I don't know know if it taste like that everywhere but i will ask next time i decide to have it somewhere else.  If it wasn't for that particular taste i would have loved it .
2	Good atmosphere and clean. If you are looking for authentic pho this is not the place.  Veg was not as fresh as it should be, soup had very little flavor for the broth and combo bowl was very small (disappointing).
5	Diverse menu, happy staff, colorful ambience. Will return again! Pho tai is excellent with great broth flavor.
5	We tried this out tonight, and are completely impressed by every part of the experience. I got the noodle soup with the beef and it was phenomenal. The beef is cut extremely lean, no fat whatsoever on the meat, and the broth was rich and delicious. My wife got a chicken, noodle and vegetable plate (don't remember exactly what it was called) and the portion was so large that it could have fed both of us.The service was great, the turn around for the food was quick, and I can't wait to go back.
3	Stopped in here after searching Yelp on my way home.  My hunger was getting the best of me.I had the dinner special - a bowl of soup, spring roll and tea.the rice paper wrapped spring roll was rather nice and refreshing.  I liked it so much I bought two more to take home for lunch the next day.The soup (noodle with beef) was OK.  I added on extra noodles (though i did not think it looked like extra noodles).  It was just an ok bowl of soup. Service was attentive and friendly.I think I will be back to see if it is better (per the yelpers) the second time.
3	This is the closest Vietnamese place near my workplace, so it works for me when I'm craving pho. I usually order the spring rolls and rare beef pho, they use cucumber slices in the spring rolls (which I don't particularly care for) but everything else still tastes pretty good. I like the service and I'll definitely continue ordering here.
5	Cleanest and greatest viet places I have ate at... Love it definitely will be coming back
4	Rad place, great food, service was awesome and made us laugh....if ur wanting and dam good bowl of Pho its a most!!!
5	A cure for the first time. The people are very pleasant, helpful, and very courteous. The food was absolutely delicious. We are definitely coming back.
3	3.5 stars. My new favorite pho place in Arizona!My parents house is only 20 minutes away from Little Saigon in Cali so I've always had my pick of good Pho. This place is pretty darn good, beats my usual pho spot, Pho Thanh in Phoenix. The broth is very flavorful and they have a good assortment of Vietnamese dishes. Prices are standard for this area. Normally I get the rare beef with flank or brisket, but I got it with just flank this time. Flank was more fat than meat so not sure if I'll get this here again. Maybe they just didn't have much meat today. Last time I got the rare beef with brisket, that was tasty . Regular size bowl is plenty of food, I usually can't finish it all. Got the Banh Xeo  today and though it was very flavorful and packed with shrimp, sprouts and onions, it was undercooked in some areas :( We've ordered the spring rolls before to go and they were good. My favorite thing here though is their Lychee smoothie, its soooo good. They must put ice cream in it or something, its amazingly creamy and flavorful. I know they have many flavors but I always have to order this when I'm here!Big, clean restaurant, fast service, nice decor. Will definitely be back!
4	This place has good food and friendly service.  Dont let the outside fool with you. definitely a place I would go back to you. there is a variety on the menu that I still need to taste
5	The Pho is good and the service is great.  They are always friendly, welcoming, and quick, even when busy.  I get much more meat in my pho at this place than I have anywhere else.  The inside is clean and modern.
5	I've been to plenty of pho restaurants in the valley and this is by far the best one! the service is fast and friendly (especially Maggie) and the food is out of this world. I highly recommend this place
4	Great place to get your pho fix.  The prices are decent and they also sell the Vietnamese pancake.  If you're craving Chinese wonton soup try the me noodles.
1	Went to this place once! They just open and I had a bad service. The server did not remember 2 order of mine and when he brought my bowl of Pho he messed it up. He did ask me if I ever had Vietnamese food before ( i was insulted when he said that). Well I am ASIAN and i had plenty of Vietnamese food. Especially when I use to live around Westminster and garden grove. The Pho was okay I would recommend to reduce the amount of cinnamon put in the broth.
5	My girlfriend and I stumbled upon this establishment while looking for a cure to our PHO desire. We recently moved to the opposite side of town so didn't have a particular place...until now. Friendly, laid back atmosphere, good food, fair prices has made this our new Viet place. The hot green tea I ordered was great and freshly made, as a vegetarian I recommend the vegetarian spring rolls (#3)
5	I do not know much about Vietnamese food, I have been to Vietnamese restaurants only 3 times.But my friend at work treated me to lunch for my birthday and I was craving a soup, so I looked for pho and found this place.It was easy to find and with plenty of parking.Everyone in there was super friendly and nice. Great service and very accommodating.I think I had #16 (PHO soup w/sliced rare tender beef, flank, tendon, tripe) and it was outstanding. My friend had pho with chicken, shrimp and extra veggies.I cannot speak about drinks because we had only water, but I am looking forward to go back and try the milk coffee.  : )
5	This is a great, family run business with yummy pho! You should definitely try them out! Spring rolls and phone dac biet are d'lish!!
5	First time here and we really enjoyed our Pho and boba! My honey is pretty critical about Pho and he enjoyed it, said it was better than his Mom's! Now that is saying something! I ordered the Chicken Pho and taro boba, both were perfect! We also ordered the summer and spring rolls that were delicious as well! We will definitely be back!
5	the food is terrific!  maggie waited on us and she is just adorable and friendly.  we've tried a few other pho places around town and this is the best, our new placw for pho
5	Great service and great food. Definitely recommend it to anyone looking for great food and people!
4	I have a few favorite go to pho spots, but i decided to try this because it was the closest to me. That being said i'm glad i did. I loved that you could really taste the clove in the pho, some places have started to get bland with their flavoring but this was on point. The egg rolls were as good as the ones from my favorite spot too. Our waitress was really cool and my son asked if we could start coming to this one so enough said. The only reason i gave it 4 stars was because i'm use to the cheaper prices at my spot and bigger bowls but don't let that stop you from coming the FOOD IS GREAT and worth it! we'll be back!
5	The pho was delicious, spring rolls, and egg rolls. The waitress was friendly had a nice atmosphere.
4	Food is probably a 3.5 but I'm rounding up to support my people's small businesses.  I ordered a rice dish and it had pretty authentic flavors but the thit nuong (grilled pork) was too dry.  I love Vietnamese egg meatloaf (cha) and the little piece I had was good but not warmed up enough. The bi (shredded pork skin) was very good and reminded  me of home. I had a sample of the pho broth and thought it had too much anise flavor without the depth of the meat bones.  Not sure if I'd eat pho if I came back but there are other dishes that looked good like banh xeo and papaya salad with liver and beef jerky, which i haven't been able to find anywhere else in AZ! Prices are also a little more than I'd except from a Viet restaurant.
3	This place has very delicious, aromatic, authentic pho. Regretfully, the prices and the portions of the soups offered do not honestly reflet the generosity you may find at an heirloom Vietnamese restaurant. The staff is wonderful and the atmosphere is clean and modern. (IE: There isn't an old lady sitting in the corner reading a Vietnamese newspaper swatting flies) A potential 5/5 restaurant once they offer some sort of compromise on the pricing and/or portions of the pho they serve. Need a more affordable place with munificent portions? Look no further than Da Vang or Pho Thanh...
5	My wife & I have eaten here several times  since our first visit. Each time I have tried something different. My wife Carol gets her favorite PHO Soup. But I must say it is the PHO and the spectacular service that keeps us coming back again and again.   Each time we bring new people who haven't tried Pho Viet Restaurant yet and they all liked it a lot. FOOD: PHO is delicious. AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern and clean interior. SERVICE: Outstanding. Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.  CONCLUSION: Very filling meals. This restaurant is spotless. The prices are excellent. What else do you want from a restaurant. I will be returning here to try their other delicacies! RETURN FACTOR: 100%******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
4	I have no idea what I ordered but it was meat broth and veggies. The meat was supposed to be meatballs but was more of a sausage. The veggies were all good and te broth was awesome after adding it all together. The staff was really cool, checking on me and refilling waters etc. I liked it but and still scared....PS great for a head cold!
5	I have been here 5 times in the past 3 weeks. The food is spectacular and the service is wonderful. Peter recommends a dish and every time is better than the last. The coffee is so good that I dream about it. I recommend this to everyone!!! :-)
5	My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our first experience at Pho Viet today. For starters, our waitress was so friendly she made us immediately feel comfortable. We were both able to get the 10 dollar combo special, which comes with a bowl of Pho, a  spring roll or egg roll, and a drink. The spring rolls were so fresh, the best I've had anywhere. I ordered number 31, Pho Ga, which is Pho soup with tender chicken. The broth was so tasty, seasoned perfectly. My husband got number 30 Pho Tom, PHO soup with premium shrimp. It had so many pieces of actual shrimp, we were both so surprised! We will definitely be going back soon!
4	Really considerate and friendly servers/family and a vast menu that never leaves me bored or wanting more. Plus, you can get a bowl of their Pho, a Spring Roll/or Egg roll, and a drink for $10 which is more than enough for one person. This restaurant reminds me of home in Orange County and I will definitely be back again.
5	Let me start by saying, I love this place!! We found it by accident when they were having their grand opening. It's one of my favorite places to stop for lunch on Friday after a busy week!We always start with Goi Cuon, steamed shrimp, pork and vegetable spring rolls. They are wrapped in rice paper and served with peanut sauce. I could eat these all day!There are many choices on the menu. The pho is very good and flavorful! One of our favorites is #59, Com Dac Biet. It has shrimp, pork, chicken, shrimp paste, Vietnamese meatloaf and a few other things. The food is fresh. Portion sizes are good. The service is excellent. Everyone remembers us from previous visits, and they always make us feel welcome.Look and feel inside is clean and modern. Highly recommend! And while you're there, don't forget to try a tiger beer!
5	Awesome food love the sandwiches just had spring rolls they ere great too.  Everyone is really nice and it is family run.
5	Quality quality & quality !!! We love it, always fresh, always clean, service is always fast & friendly! Everything we've tried here is sure above 4 starts! I also really sensitive comes to seasonings, not having any problem at all ! We are happy happy & happy !
4	I'm really happy we stopped here for lunch. Food was pretty good. Had to have some boba drink. I recommend that definitely.
4	Came here tonight for the first time, I loved that it was so clean, the staff very friendly, the food delicious!!!! Definitely will be back!!! So glad I live up the street and won't have to travel so far for my addiction of spring rolls and peanut sauce!! The shrimp pho was delicious! Portions were good, prices I felt were good, my husband and son both enjoyed it and they aren't really fans of this type of food and they both loved it!
4	My buddy and I came this place after attempting to go to another Vietnamese restaurant, Nam Sao and found out it was closed due to fire. When we walked in the first thing I noticed was how clean it was. Some places I have been look dingy and have an off smell. Not this place. I ordered a rice vermicelli bowl with grilled pork, pork skin and egg rolls. We ordered spring rolls to share and my buddy got a bowl of pho. My friend was so impressed he told me to taste the broth. It was amazing! Layers of flavors and you could taste the herbs and spices. I decided then and there it would be the next thing I would order there. And while I was craving the bun, I was regretting not getting the pho. However, my dish was great. The pork was grilled perfectly. Some places seem to have a real problem overcooking pork when it's thin and grilled. The egg rolls were very flavorful as well. My friend has already recommended this place to some friends and I'm dying to go back.
4	Friendly spot with a TV and great food! Prices aren't bad and the seating is nice and comfortable. The menu is hard to understand because it's not
5	Love this place for pho!! best service and best food!
5	Saw this on yelp while looking for boba smoothies,great choice.had spring rolls,grilled pork sandwhich and smoothies.everything was very good,can't wait to try more things on the menu.
5	I just had lunch at Pho Viet and I always order my favorite dish which is Co'm Chien or fried rice with jumbo prawns and chicken. You can get whatever meat you want in your friend rice and that's the best part about Pho Viet!Also check out their new t-shirt design. The grey shirt made me laugh. It is the trend that every Pho restaurant in the world or this country must design their funny Pho shirt now. Pho Ga! I love it!!!There are new items such as Vietnamese sandwiches on the menu besides Pho and Bobba that you can try but I always go back to my favorite fried rice to the first day that I tasted it when I first worked at Pho Viet during their Grand Opening. Great Vietnamese food, great memories, great family and friends at the restaurant. Say hello to all of the family at Pho Viet when you see them! It doesn't matter who you are. They are the friendliest and the best to make you feel right at home.
5	The Pho and spring rolls are my favorite. I stumbled on this place as it's close to my home, and really like it. Nice open atmosphere, friendly service.
5	I need to travel to AZ more often just to eat Vietnamese food.  Was on my way to the airport and it was early so I saw this place and decided to drop by. I got the Bun Bo Hue and the sausage spring rolls.  I'm so happy that there are still some vietnamese places that would use deep bowls not the wide shallow bowls!!!!  My Bun Bo Hue had the pork hock and the sausage spring rolls were refreshing. I went to the airport very happy ;)
5	15 STARS!!!!!!Birthday dinner, AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Best Vietnamese food and customer service in Arizona.  The Spousal Unit tried a Com Dac plate tonight and loved it.  I foresee many, many more lovely evenings at Pho Viet.Did I mention I love the peoplez running this joint?  Hell yeahzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!!!!!!!
5	Since PHO's menu is so extensive I can always try some thing differed  to eat and that is always mouth watering bowl of PHO that is guaranteed  to  satisfy . Especially when suggested by the son of the owner. Every suggestion by him has be short of amazing. YES were hooked on this place,  yes were regulars, there, yes we know every one there. and yes this is out favorite Vietnamese restaurant in town.Peter the owners son ha even made suggestions to try different n00dles to replace the ones that cone with them and all I can say is each time he does the soup gets better ad better! FOOD: PHO is delicious. AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern. Exceptionally clean.  Bathrooms are very clean,.SERVICE: Outstanding. Everyone is very attentive, providing  excellent customer service.  CONCLUSION: Very filling meals. This restaurant is spotless. The prices are excellent. What else do you want from a restaurant. I will be returning here to try their other delicacies! RETURN FACTOR: 100%                      *********** What does my OVERALL rating mean? **************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
5	Just got take out.....Awesome! !!! If you have not tried Vietnamese food, try this place. The inside is very clean and the service is great. They accidentally gave me 2 large soups but said not to worry they did not charge for it. Highly recommended
4	Excellent Spring Rolls and Excellent Pho.  I had the Pho with little bits of everything.  They had Soda Chanh as well.  Got some Viet Iced Coffee to go and enjoyed every last drop.  Spring rolls were very delicious, their peanut sauce needed a little hoisen added as it wasn't as good as most places, not saying it was bad, but I have had better.  The pho broth was very good, they didn't have jalapenos to add to my soup, but it was not a problem.  The meat was tender, maybe a little lacking, I would have preferred more meat, maybe next time I will ask for extra meat.Bonus note, they take AMEX!
5	SUMMER IN AZ IS COMING. YOU'LL REGRET NOT TRYING THE BOBA HERE. I have enjoyed a great bowl of pho here a few times. The many times I do come in is because I am addicted to the boba smoothies. But lets start with the Pho.Food:I am the type of person who probably loves the broth more than everything else and being a native Californian we have many gear pho House. The broth here was excellent. It just mixed and sat well in my belly. Chicken and beef plates were grilled and marinated just right. Egg rolls were the 2nd best I've ever eaten. (I've had MANY egg rolls in these 26 years of life)Boba:This is separate from food due to it being a gift to mankind. I've tried 6 different flavors, all great but all time favorites: 1) mango 2)coconutBoba, as you first sip, she captures you with her smooth, ice cold texture, then the boba create a game changer from drink to food, as the perfect combo is there.. Then comes the silky smooth milk taste of mango to pull you back in.... Customer service and decor: awesome!The smell is the first thing to hit you when you walk in.. Its just so dang fresh. I am always greeted and feel like I'm at a friends House when I go there.
4	Went in with my BFF last week for our first visit .  We each ordered beef pho.  She had the number 13 Pho tai (?) and I had 12 I forget the name but was the beef pho with tripe tendon beef and meatball.  My friend is more the 'connoisseur' of pho.   Really tunes in to the broth flavors wherever we go.  Says if its more fishy or weak.  She said this was in her top 2 faves.   I basically just say if i like something or not and i did love it. she said it was a tie with Angelina's.  Pho Viet's  broth was so flavorful and even though it was 117 degrees outside, we just wanted to drink it! We also ordered their #8 appetizer crispy butter garlic wings.  The order came out to us quite Non-crispy and were actually raw in the middle.  The busboy took them from us right away apologizing and as we were waiting I believe it was the manager that came out to again apologize and ask if we wanted anything else while we waited for new wings.  (Very handsome BTW).  We didn't , and when our server brought the new wings they were incredibly delicious.  Nice and crispy , not sure what the spices/seasoning was but it was potentially addictive .  Taking a long shot guess but Asian 5-spice?  We will for sure be back for the wings and  venture around the menu!
4	So I'm always on the look out for good Pho.  It's one of my staples when it comes to food.  I visited this place as it's near my work.  I walked in and was instantly greeted by a staff member that seated me at one of the tables which had a number on it.  I assume it's for waiting purposes.I asked for a tea, and was surprised when I got a green tea.  it was very tasty though, so no complaints there. After about ten minutes, my pho showed up, and it was decent.  The broth was a little bit less flavorful than I'm used to, however it was still tasty.  They offered a full list of usual Pho ingredients and the pricing was inexpensive.  I can say with certainty that I will be back!
5	Went back again today. I got the pho with rare beef, tendon, tripe and beef balls.  It was so good.  My soup was suppose to also have brisket and flank but I told them to hold it.  With me holding the two other proteins, I thought I would get more other proteins but I didn't.  oh well, it was still good maybe I should ask next time.  I also got the shredded pork with pork skin spring rolls, the skin was tough to eat so I will stick with my pork sausage spring rolls.
1	Went here for the first time, and ordered a boba smoothie and it was horrible. The blender started to burn and they still made the smoothie and proceeded to bring it to me. When I received it, it had a horrible burnt taste and tasted the way a burning electrical wire smells like. Never going back!
1	I do care about customer service of places, this restaurant has a really good foods but the service was horrible!!!! Me and my friend have to wait 10 min to be greeted for drink and the waiter came back 10 min later just to tell us that they didnt have hot tea..then waited for another 10 min to have somebody take our order... And long time for our foods coming. And they werent that busy, the ladies accross the table who came after us already enjoy the food while we still waiting for our drink.WTF..but the food was very good hope the owner fix the service then it will be best place to go to..
4	I love the options they had here, they don't skimp you on noodles or meat. I got one of the special pho's and it was amazing. I kept pulling out different meats all the time. I am really glad there is a pho place like this around me and I don't have to travel down to tempe/mesa anymore. Sandwich is good, the bread to toppings ratio could be better (less bread would be good).  Didn't try and spring rolls when i was there, next time i will.Also they have hilarious shirts.
5	Excellent place for Pho, this was my 2nd visit and I can say with confidence you won't be disappointed. The place is very clean and the wait staff is awesome.
4	Ordered the Pho Gha. Broth could have used a little more complexity in flavor but the table ready condiment selection added some zazz. I would return.
5	They have awesome Pho Thai here at very reasonable prices. The thin slices of beef aren't fatty either! The staff is very friendly every time I come here as well. If you are in the mood for Pho Thai, I'd definitely recommend this place. One of the best I've found in the valley so far.
5	Massive menu. Great pho and a lot of other options- including great little apps. The lunch crowd files in and almost fills the place up. We will certainly be back with our brood!
4	really good pho!!! One of the best ive had, really dont care for the fried eggrolls though ive had better!
5	I love this place! The food was amazing and the waiters are extremely nice and quick. I had a hard time deciding what to get on the menu since everything looked so good. I ended up getting pho, of course. It tasted just like my mom's pho.
2	My first impression of the place is, it's visually clean and spacious with great interior decor. The service was quite nice but lacking here and there. For example, I ordered a Soda Xi Muoi (Plum Soda) but there was no taste of the soda at all. When I asked one of the server if she might have given me a Chanh Xi Muoi (Plum Lemonade) instead because I couldn't taste any soda in my drink, she immediately said it was definitely the correct order. Now, I honestly could care less if they had given the wrong order or if the soda was left out too long and lost all of its bubble. What bothered me is that after voicing out my concern, there wasn't any offers to remake the drink or any attempts to double check if it was the correct drink. As for the taste of the food, i'd give it 2.5 stars. Bun bo hue: lacked flavor and smellNem nuong: okay though more meat wouldve been betterChicken pho: a bit bland, though i must say, the noodle's texture was great. I absolutely would not recommend the smoothies. I understand that most viet restaurants do use powder in their smoothies but for a strawberry smoothie to taste like toothpaste.. I honestly cannot defend it no matter how hard i try.
5	Been there 5 or 6 times. Food is very good, place is always clean, and staff is friendly. Just a nice little family owned restaurant. I highly recommend.
2	I had high expectations for this place because it has high ratings. My hu tieu dac biet was just okay. I came here with 3 other people and everyone else thought the food sub par as well.  They give a lot of noodles which is a plus, but the soup was tasted heavily of msg and they skimp on the meats and veggies.There were not a lot of people there (probably cause it was 2pm). We got seated quickly and service was good. Overall it was an okay experience, but I think I prefer the Vietnamese restaurant inside Lee Lee Asian supermarket!
5	Pho Viet has quickly become one of my favorite spots to eat at. I love their pho the most, but their bahn mi is great too. Their mocha and taro boba are the best options in my opinion. Their service is also excellent. They have some of the most friendly servers in the business.
5	I always get the Pho with everything in it. I have never had a bad experience with the food or service. Everyone is very nice and very attentive. The atmosphere is very clean and welcoming.
5	This place. Seriously. Tried Pho Viet last weekend and oh my god was it good. Ordered eggrolls, rare beef pho and grilled pork bahn mi. Everything was delicious. Like the kind of delicious where you are thinking about it 5 days later.Restaurant was very clean, server was polite and prices were fair. We will return.
5	Probably my favorite bowl in the valley. It's a trek for me now, but when I used to live in Glendale I LOVED to frequent this place. My son doesn't particularly like pho but he would eat here. It's super consistent if you like to order the same thing. The options for pho are varying and amazing, if you like trying something new all the time. I love the family owned and operated style business. Everyone here is friendly and very helpful if you are being indecisive. Unlike some other Vietnamese places I visit, this restaurant is always clean and brightly lit! The fixings are always fresh to def. I don't know what else to say that hasn't already been said about this restaurant. I have some friends that are Vegetarian and they love the veggie bowl. That sounds like a good deal to me :)
5	The place is beautiful, everybody works together and works hard, everyone is outgoing and the place overall is a great atmosphere! And most importantly, the food is amazing! I wish I could give this place one hundred stars!
5	Absolutely the best BOBA drinks in the valley... Wide variety of flavors and they will CUSTOMIZE to your liking!....oh and the food is GREAT!
4	I have been here a couple of times and I very much enjoy the food every time.  I usually get my food to go, but the portion sizes are great!  The Pho is seasoned perfectly and seems very authentic.  The sandwiches are some of the best every.  LOVE the spiciness of some of the dishes.  It can be hard to choose what to order because there are sooooo many options, but I have not had a bad dish yet.
5	We stopped by the restaurant after a recommendation from a friend. The food exceeded all expectations. If you are in town for a visit I would highly recommend Pho Viet. The staff was very helpful in suggesting menu items and the restaurant was extremely clean. We even bought one of the shirts. If we ever return to Glendale then we will most definitely be paying Pho Viet a visit again.
1	Pathetic food, will never go there again... My wife got a severe food poisoning having one of their famous soups..  The food tasted OK but never knew it could become this bad... I just can't imagine that there are so many good reviews, am I the only one who ordered the soup?? Dont know.. Anyway writing this review so that everyone out there can be cautious about this place and the food. Sad that I had to write a bad review but I just hope no one gets sick from this place again...
5	Great food, great prices, super friendly staff. A great selection for both the non-adventurous and those looking for more authentic Vietnamese. I ordered the Beef Pho which had great flavor and super fresh vegetables.
5	My morning PHO fix here, great food, very clean, and a friendly staff.... What else you want?!
5	Highly recommend this place to everyone looking for amazing vietnamese food, great service, warm atmosphere, and clean environment!  Plenty of choices and the owner and staff are waiting to serve you in any way possible!!! Will definitely eat here again and again!
4	I'm a Vietnamese from Seattle and Pho Viet by far has the best pho in Arizona. I normally order Pho Dac Biet, and it's gooooood...a little heavy on the noodles and salt but not so stingy on the meat (as most other places are). The restaurant is clean and staff is super nice. I haven't tried anything else on the menu because I'm always wanting the pho. I know that if the restaurant is known for the pho the other dishes probably won't be as good..it's like going to a steak house and ordering fish. If you're going to go here, at least go for the pho. I was worried moving out to Arizona that I was going to be deprived of my mom's cooking or Vietnamese food in general, so I'm glad to have found this place to satisfy those cravings.
5	New to Phoenix and our search for a good pho place is over. $10 special is on point: bowl of pho, spring or egg roll, and a soft drink. We upgraded to a large bowl for a dollar more. Good service, fair prices. Definitely will be back.
5	Favorite place to eat pho! They have a special 7 days a week that includes a regular bowel of pho, spring roll and a drink for $10!!! It's a family owned restaurant and I've never had a bad experience with customer service or the food. I recommend this place to anyone interested in eating some good Vietnamese food.
5	This place is ahhhhh-mazing and I'm not pho-king with you ! :) I'm so happy I found this place! I had visited a pho place down the street called Angelina's but dang their service was terrible. On top of that, their food took foreverrrrrrrr to get. i just want some soup, dang it! BUT now my problems are solved! not only are the staff incredible and super helpful, especially Peter but the food is out of this world ! The service is also quick and they are on top of it! He explained all the cuisines to me and answered any question I had! this place will see me again and again! the spring rolls are super refreshing ! i usually get the number 14 with the rare beef and meatballs. yum! they have that combo for $10 which is a steal! I've also tried their #50! delicious broth! and I have gotten a com Dac Biet. peter had said it had a little bit of all their grilled selections .. uhhhh DELICIOUS! The bobas? Try itttttt. Peter said coconut and jackfruit? super super tasty. the coffee? you'll never be able to go back to Starbucks! People of Glendale! Check out Pho Viet! You won't regret it !!!!!!
5	Excellent selection of different types of Vietnamese food. Had Beef Pho and found the food to be fresh with great flavor. The server was knowledgable about the menu and ready to help with answers to our questions.  The Pho came out quickly and was steaming hot. Can't wait to go back.
5	This is seriously one of the best Pho places I've been to.  Most of their menu is pretty authentic. The staff was really nice and friendly "Peter, Maggie, their mom, pop,and the whole staffs are very personable. i always feel like a family friend when i step foot into their restaurant rather than a patron. I'm vietnamese and normally cook at home most of this time. It is hard to find a place that really comparable to home cooked meals , but you will find it at Pho Viet. I love these "mother pho-ga"
3	I've only been here once and got the rare beef Pho.  It was ok, but I'm partial to another place for my Vietnamese.  However, The service was excellent, the place was clean and I'd definitely be back to try something new.
5	Had a great lunch here yesterday! Fresh food, priced right, great owners and decor. Lots to choose from on the menu, healthy eating with favors to delight!
5	Getting my lunch pho fix here at Viet Pho... Best pho in town, never disappointed with the food and service here!
5	This is my go to restaurant in Arizona for Vietnamese food! As a normal resident of northern California, I've eaten at my fair share of Vietnamese Restaurants around the bay and this place is definitely comparable! It seems like a locally owned family restaurant because I normally see the same servers there whenever I go. They actually even speak Vietnamese so you know you're probably going to eat somewhere a little bit more authentic.Their pho and broth is delicious, but I usually get a vermicelli noodle dish, #98, Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio. I still don't know how to pronounce it properly, but I know how to eat it! It's basically the rice noodles with some vegetables, grilled pork, and an egg roll on top. They give you a small bowl of fish sauce (or patis to my fellow Pilipinos) and I usually just dump the whole bowl on top. Mix it all together and prepare for a savory meal!It's located in the back corner of a strip mall area by a small hardware store and has public parking. They also have TVs in the corners and usually have some game playing.
5	Getting my lunch pho fix here at Viet Pho... Best pho in town, never disappointed with the food and service here!!! Will be back soon for more!!!!!
5	My whole family loves coming to Pho Viet to eat. Friendly and clean atmosphere. Best Pho Ga!!!! Very nice and attentive staff!
5	Cute little Viet restaurant. Fast, fresh food and friendly service. Ordered #45 (egg noodle soup with veggies and tofu) to-go, brought it home and it was steaming hot and delicious. :-)
4	(Lyrics - Usher ft. Monica - Slow Jam)I was all aloneI was feeling for some PhoI needed something to cure my hunger upSo I dropped in on for lunchJust to take a chanceAnd there this lovely placePho was just for 10 bucks!I asked her for eggrollsShe said would I like a cokeSo pleased that I had askedShe quickly served my mealAnd I ate and fell in loveOnly at  Pho VietOhhhServe me a bowl of PhoThis time make it sweetOnly at Pho VietI like this place!  I love the combo here!  Yeah combo Pho meals here for lunch.Pho Viet is definitely a small mom & pop ran restaurant.  I came on a whim to try and needless to say I wasn't disappointed.  I went for the Combo which came with a bowl of Pho, eggroll, and a soda.  The eggroll tasted homemade and with a perfect crunch along with mint leaves and a lettuce wrap; making this appetizer delightful.  The Pho itself was darn good and just what you'd expect.  Some people would complain about the portion size of the combo, but serious you probably need to eat less anyways....seriously!  The place overall was spacious and well decorated with a couple of HDTV screens.  Service was overall attentive and on the ball about everything so all in all a great experience! - Enjoy!
5	This is my new Viet place now. Better than Angelina Pho & Grill imo. I usually order anything on the Pho or porridge menu. I love porridge and they made it to my liking! I've never tried anything else, but next time I will try. The price of pho is great and the portion is generous. Love it! Did I mention how clean the place was? Oh and this place is right next to Belle Reflexology which you guys need to check out.
3	3.5 StarsI am tad under the weather so I thought that some soup for lunch would hit the spot.  I haven't had any pho in quite some time so I decided to come down here.  It's real close to work and the Yelp reviews were very good.  I walked in and took a seat.  It took awhile for anyone to come over to take my order...they were busy though and one guy was basically doing everything.  Eventually he bought my water over and then an older gentleman took my order.  I ordered some Spring Rolls and a bowl of Pho with just noodles, no meat.  Here is how they were..............Spring Rolls-  I had never had a spring roll before today...weird, I know.  These spring rolls were decent in size and came with a peanut dipping sauce.  Turns out, I thought they were just alright.  The paper of the rolls had a weird gummy texture and I just didn't care for it.  The stuff on the inside was plentiful.  Each one had about 3 shrimp in them and some pork too.  The peanut dipping sauce tasted fine.  If you love spring rolls, these may be fantastic for you...I just personally didn't like them that much and wouldn't get them again.Pho-  Now this is what I'm talking about!  This was some of the best Pho I have ever had (Haven't had a whole lot of pho, but compared to the ones that I have had, this stuff was very good).  I added a little Sriracha sauce in my bowl and mixed it up and went to town.  It had plenty of noodles, a great tasting broth and the serving size was pretty large.  It was nice and hot and spicy.  It felt good on my sore throat and opened up my nasal passages fairly well.  I would definitely come back to get a bowl of this the next time I am feeling a little bit sick.Total cost for everything including tip was $12.00.  Without the Spring Rolls, it would have been closer to $8.00.  Service was alright....not great, not horrible...just alright.  Ill be back for some more soup soon enough.
3	This is the closest Pho restaurant near my school so I go here quite often during lunch hour. But that's NOT to say that the food is good. I've tried many different types of soup noodles here and one thing they all have in common is that the soup can be a bit salty. It tasted as if Pho Viet uses the same broth for a lot of their soup menus and therefore, for order such as the Hu Tieu where the meat/seafood is marinated, the soup becomes extra salty as compared to pho where there's no marinated meat so the soup comes out okay. For the Hu Tieu, it was salty up to the point where I had to a lot poor iced water into the soup in order to eat it. Very disappointing. As for the Bun Bo Hue, the meat they use looks pretty cheap. Almost half of the meat is fat. Customer service-wise, they have some friendly people.
5	I crave this place weekly. I'm all about the pho thai and fried rice. I'm not a pho expert, but everyone needs to try this. I did go once with a big group on a friday night and the service was slow, just a heads up.
5	Great service, the family that owns this place are very friendly and personal. They get to know you, learn your orders and it's very clean.
4	Nice place,  friendly service, very clean.  Food was good I enjoyed it.   The sauces given were real good.  Reasonably priced
5	By far the best pho in town! Oxtail pho... Not on the regular menu. The owner is a young handsome chef with major skills in the kitchen!
5	Absolutely love this place! Everyone who works here is so nice and the pho and egg rolls are fantastic. My go to pho place.
2	I admit I'm spoiled from the shaken beef I order at Saigon Kitchen in Surprise which is A+, but the Grilled beef, marinated with ginger, lemongrass, shallot and garlic over it #78 which reads as if it would be superb....well, it just wasn't.  Overcooked and had the consistency of tough 2 day old beef, not fresh tasting at all...very disappointing.  You get a couple slices of tomato and cukes and some steamed rice patty with it, but I would never order this again there.  However, it was a cold day, the place was packed and everyone--and I mean everyone--was eating a form of their many varieties of pho.  So, I will give this place one more try and get the pho next time.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing here (in which case, please take it off the menu), but it seems to be strictly a pho place...so pho next time it shall be.  It's cold out, so I'm sure I'll enjoy it...or hope I will.Their smoothie (I got the mocha cappaccino) is basically frozen ground ice with some liquid over it.  Not bad but no big deal.Not a big fan of their fresh spring rolls.  Not bad just nothing special.However, the food here is super cheap compared to other Vietnamese restaurants which seems to be a huge draw for most.As an asidum, the male who owns the place is very friendly and tries to make everyone feel very welcome.  No complaints with service at all.Oh, and the place is very clean and well decorated for what it is and the area it's in.
4	The pho was very good and the prices were great. The only downside is It was busy, so the service was a bit slow.
4	I use to go to Angelina's on 53rd, until I discovered this place. The place is so much better - pho broth is  delicious! I think it's ran by a family - nice people.  Will be coming here regularly.
