3	All over the scale with Crown Cab, I've had taxi drivers call me three times to tell me they were going to be early and I've had to call repeatedly when the driver was late. I've even had them confuse the name of my development and call wondering where I am. And sometimes, they are right on time.Crown Cab has a website for ordering, which I find very helpful.The cars range from clean to simply untidy and some of them have the "check engine" light illuminated on the dashboard.The drivers are always friendly and when the same one comes by a second or third time, they remember the pickup.I'll keep using them.
1	I had a pretty poor experience with Crown Cab.According to the website, you can reserve a taxi from 10 minutes to a couple days before you need it because they have a computer-aided dispatch system that allows them to quickly dispatch drivers. I live in the South Charlotte area, so I estimated that calling 30-40 minutes in advance would give any taxi plenty of time to get to me.I had an appointment a few miles from my house at 11:00 AM so I called Crown Cab at 10:00 to reserve a taxi to pick me up at 10:30. I made sure to ask if they served South Charlotte because not every cab service does. The dispatcher quickly affirmed that they did.At 11:29 the taxi guy called me. He said he was in uptown Charlotte and asked for directions there. When I've caught taxis in the past in any city and state, the cab drivers usually had a good idea of the city or at least a GPS system to direct them. Obviously he had neither. Then he tells me that he doesn't even think it'll be worth it for him to come all the way to me. Of course I was irritated, but the most important thing was for me to make it to my appointment, so I repressed the desire to yell at him. I calmly asked him if I should call another taxi service. He says "I don't even know what to tell you" and hangs up.So I'm dialing another taxi service a few moments later when he calls again. He says "I hope you didn't call another taxi because I'm on the way." He asked for directions--again. I wait... He finally calls me about 25 minutes later (which, I might add, is about twice as long as it normally takes me to get home from uptown, even during evening traffic). He asks for directions--again--and pulls up a few minutes later at 11:00 AM, which means I'm already late for my appointment.During the ride there, this guy complains the whole time. Apparently I'm supposed to know that they don't have a dispatch in that area--even though the dispatcher informed me that they did. He complains about how it's not worth it for him to drive 20 minutes for $10. Then he says he's going to let me slide since it was my first time. Not really sure what that meant... :-/When we get to the office where my appointment was, I'm already ten minutes late. The meter stopped at $9.50. I pull out a $20, expecting that he would have a $10 bill or some $1s. He tells me that my fare is $12--I guess he added an extra $2 to compensate for his anger about having to do his job. At this point, I'm just ready to get out, so I don't even feel like arguing over $2. He then tells me that he doesn't have change. He's all mad again. I ask if I can pay with credit card, because according to the website I can. He says no, because "they'll just dig into that $12." And he's serious too. There's nowhere for us to get change in the immediate vicinity--just office buildings. So despite the fact that he was 30 minutes late picking me up and has made me late to my appointment, he pulls off from the building and takes me down the street to the gas station, where he goes in and gets change. He says, "give me the $20." He gives me $8 back and takes me back to the office buildings. I get out the car and he pulls off without even taking me to the correct office suite.All in all, a pretty bad experience. If you live in South Charlotte--or even if you don't but you don't want to deal with a rude or late driver--then I suggest you call Yellow Cab. I called them when my appointment was over, and I have also used them in the past, and they are always prompt and courteous. And they don't arbitrarily increase your fare because they're pissed off.
3	I made a phone reservation with these guys to take me to the airport 10 days ago and then, by coincidence got picked up by one of their cabs when I was returning home.  The driver on the way out was on time, but  didn't even offer to help me lift in my bags -- he just sat there and made me haul them up into the van passenger area with me, which, OK, I can do it, but what if I'd been old or feeble or something?  Then he takes me the long(ish) way around to the airport to run up the meter.  I tell you what, I'm going to give a cab driver the same amount one way or another to get me to the airport.  They can take me the long way around and run the meter up, or they can go the quick way and keep a big tip.  On the way back, the guy gets me into his cab (again, I get to pull the suitcase up into the passenger area of the van with me) and then...we go nowhere.  He gets out, looks under the hood, opens and closes it a few times, tries to get me to tell him what's going on with the lights on the meter in the van.  Finally we go without meter (total violation -- I could have just gotten out but I was on the end of an 18 hour international trip and I just wasn't feeling up for a fight).  But, this dude, I tell him where I live and he takes me right there the way I'd go if I were driving my own car.  So that was a plus, at least.  In both cases, the cab vans were pretty seedy and gimpy and dirty.  I wouldn't send them to pick up a guest I wanted to impress, that's for sure, but on the other hand, they've never been late even when I needed to be picked up at 4 a.m. -- I think that time, the driver slept in his cab outside my house.
1	I made reservations via their online site 7 days prior to my coming to Rock Hill, SC.  The cab arrived timely at the train station in Charlotte; but, had no idea how to get to my hotel in Rock Hill.  I had to direct him.  For my return trip, it was worse.  I made a reservation to get back to the train station from Rock Hill at 6AM sharp. I EVEN confirmed the day before! I, also, made this reservation on their online site, so it plainly states the to and from in full detail to include City, State, AND Zip!  They NEVER showed up because the cab called me and said, "They gave me the wrong directions! I'm still in Charlotte! I'll call you back." Needless to say, they never called back.  The hotel I stayed at got me a better cab company who got me to my train with 5 min left to spare.  Next time, though, I'll take my chances with the 9 hour drive myself.  I'm sure they're a great service as long as you're staying IN Charlotte; but, anywhere outside of that area, go to another company or drive there yourself.  They got the one star because they, at least, took me to my destination when I arrived.
3	I travel frequently for business to and from the airport by taxi. I use their online taxi ordering system to schedule a pick-up, typically the night before I travel. So far this year, they have always called me when in route, been on time, loaded my luggage in the trunk, drove safely and directly to my destination, accepted my credit card payment, provided me with a receipt, and unloaded my luggage. The vehicles are standard, although many show their wear both inside and out. The drivers vary, but are typically personable. They meet my needs and I intend to continue to use their services.
4	I had a good experience with Crown Cab.  The cars they use are very clean and more new.  Compared to NYC, I would opt for Crown Cab. They have better flat rates and a smoother ride.  I would like to place four stars on this review to help balance the bitter reviews on here.Grade: B
