4	Traveling through Charlotte on my way to points north, and then back home to Atlanta, I had the pleasure of dining at Edomae twice in the last two weeks.  Located conveniently close to my sister's home, it was an easy dining pick since we all love sushi.  But if you don't, there are plenty of thoroughly cooked items on the menu to enjoy, including a large hibachi grill section.The edamame is a nice starter, although the second time it was a tad on the salty side.  No worries, since Edomae recently secured their liquor license and they offer beer, wine, and sake.If you're a sashimi fan, you won't go wrong here.  The fish I ordered tasted fresh and the quality of the sashimi and sushi is higher than the fish used in the rolls.  Not that the rolls are bad - not at all - but if you're like me, you'll get the sashimi appetizer along with one or two of your favorite rolls and call it a meal. I'm partial to eel, but the tuna rolls are also quite good.Edomae has a long list of special rolls, and some work better than others, but every one I tasted was good.  My favorites include the Naudy Roll (made with eel, tuna, avocado) and the Green Dragon Roll (eel, cucumber, and avocado).  My sister likes the Krayln Roll (Tempura, scallops, asparagus, and masago).I didn't try any of the hibachi dishes, but the chicken and scallops looked appetizing and were served with soup, salad, vegetables and a choice of fried rice or noodles.  A huge amount of food, reasonably priced.If you're in the area, this is definitely a place to check out for lunch or dinner.  Enjoy!
3	Want to enjoy a meal with a great atmosphere that is not crowded? Well, Edomae is for you! I believe that it's the only Japanese est. in the Northlake area. Pros: 1).Daily specials (i.e.  Buy one entree, get one half off) 2).Sushi rolls are great. 3).Great staff...lots of smiles!   Cons: 1).Hibatchi price w/o the experience... (could be a buck or two cheeper). 2).Select menu items that can only be picked for specials not disclosed...so ask up front! 3). Scimping on portions...ordered scallop entree...(received 4, cut in half to look like 8...!!! Who does that??!!)Give it a shot if you like to try new places...
2	~~ here we go with another one of my long reviews! :)  ~~Ok kids, I'll admit that my expectations of this place were kind of low going in. I just assumed it was another one of these "wanna be" Japanese express-style places, that survive solely on location since good Japanese restaurants aren't plentiful in Charlotte.  However, I must say I was pleasantly surprised by Edomae.  They're no Kabuto, but they'll suffice.The interior was surprisingly non-theme-y....you know, where it looks like they just vomited all the obligatory kitsch they could find thinking we as the public somehow won't believe that we're eating Asian food if we aren't looking at all the golden swing-arm cats, bamboo calendars and kimono drawings they could find.  Instead, it was very contemporary, with juuust the right amount of Asian flair mixed in.  I appreciated that - good job!  The men's room was also nice with decorative mosaic tile work like a home bath and very very CLEAN!!!  May seem strange to talk about the rest room, but you know how THAT can go; at a lot of places you don't really wanna touch anything & the endless caulking around the sink is growing mold!  I see you shaking your head :)Anyhoo, let's move on to the FOOD.  It was quite yummy I must admit.  My partner and I both enjoyed our lunches.  I had the chicken & shrimp hibachi combo and he had the chicken & steak combo.  Each came with rice and a salad (which automatically comes w/ginger dressing, but you can get another type if that's not your thing).  We also shared a Miso soup which was quite yummy with bits of seaweed and tofu.  I went with the ginger dressing as usual & found theirs to be a bit on the sweet side (I like a bit more of that ginger 'kick'), but it was still tasty, and they add cucumber in their salad instead of just lettuce.  The real disappointment here was their portion sizes - rather small for the price.  For instance, I only had three shrimp on my plate...three.   A half-way decent amount of chicken.  The veggies were also rather miniscule as well.  The other half said his well done steak was really quite tender & tasty, but would have liked more.  For about the same price ($11 for mine) I get QUITE a bit more at Kabuto (University location); there's no room to move the food around on the plate there, whereas here there was LOTS of room on the plate.  Sure the flower was nice to look at, but...  Oh, I almost forgot.  I thought this was a cross between funny and odd - they bring a syrup container full of shrimp sauce (you know, the pink dipping sauce you always get), but the sauce is so thick it was very difficult to get it OUT of the container!  An IHOP style container of shrimp sauce was just too funny to me.  Would we eat here again?  Yes (primarily b/c of convenience since it's close to the house.  Is it worth the price?  Eh, not really, since most every other place gives much more food - BUT, if you're in the Northlake area & are craving Japanese, then it IS a good option.
4	I moved to North lake area and was looking for a place to replace my old neighborhood sushi place---well I was pleasantly surprised by Edomae. They have excellent service. I like going on Wednesday's when they have half off sushi! I like the spicy tuna roll and the eel roll for all for 5 dollars!!!!!
4	I really liked this place. The Lunch special with soup and 2 sushi rolls for under $10.00 is unbeatable. My husband loved the Spicy tuna roll and I liked the spicy California roll. The is express style sushi, you can be in and out in 30 minutes or less and have a full tummy. Highly recommended.
3	I kept seeing the place and thinking I should try it out everytime I paid a visit to REI. Edomae is in a nice area and on the inside has a nice streamlined modern look with some standard Japanese decorations, but is otherwise kinda plain.I sat at the sushi bar and the sushi was great. The selection wasn't huge or varied but it was decent. I had the spicy crunchy salmon roll and the shrimp tempura roll. I chatted with the sushi chef a bit and he hooked me up with a free piece of something else. But generally speaking, the staff (nobody Japanese, by the way) wasn't very friendly and I felt very rushed being asked "You ready?" and "Are you done?" despite wanting to relax over a cup of hot tea. I ended up coming and going pretty quick without a grand impression. There are a few other places I could recommend over this for sushi but I may comeback again for an entree.
3	Good, affordable sushi.  Great service.  Interesting techno music choices.  And, when I say interesting, I mean who expects to hear Public Enemy mixed with I don't know what electronica at a sushi house?  Definitely going back...
5	This place is a hidden gym over by Northlake mall. My boyfriend took me here for the first time this year and we just went back last week and it was even better. It's not a real big restaurant or extravagant but it's trendy enough and the food is some of the best sushi I've had, even in NYC.  I had the yellowtail jalapeno sashimi which was excellent and had sort of a smoky flavor. We both had a roll as well, the Edomae roll which is wrapped in cucumber instead of rice, very tasty with a lovely presentation. We also had the Crispy Spicy Salmon Roll and Super Tuna Roll. The tuna roll had tempura flakes on top with a really good sauce. Prices were very reasonable too, our bill was under fourty bucks. I can't wait to go back.
1	HORRIBLE. To put it as nice as possible this place sucks. The service sucks. The soup tasted and smelt just like dish water and the staff couldent care less. If my food was this bad i would never try the sushi. Probally would end up sick. I regret i gave them money once and would never make that mistake 2 gross
3	This was our second stop last week for sushi. We ordered two daily special rolls, a Toro roll and a Tamaka Takki (we think) which wasn't a roll but a special cut of tuna that was broiled.We also ordered an Edomae roll. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rolls were fresh and they had a neat variety. A-OK...
2	I've been here for the first time about a week ago and I have to say the atmosphere was really nice, service was pretty good, but the food was horrible. I had got shrimp tempura and spicy tuna rolls and they were both nasty. I eat sushi all the time so I know what it should taste like. I won't be coming back though.
4	My wife and I consider Edomae one of our favorite restaurants in the region - surprisingly delicious sushi affordably priced in a comfortable environment.  I mean, what else do you need?  We've gone more than ten times  in the last few years, and they catered my birthday recently. The sushi is quite fresh - the white tuna is awesome, and the tempura fried spicy tuna rolls are a real value. We are always glad to see folks patronizing the joint - being located in a strip mall near Target, it isn't well placed. But like us, it seems others have discovered what a value it is.Are there better sushi restaurants in Charlotte? Sure. But none this close to home or this inexpensive.
4	I've only been here twice.......having sushi both times....but I really like this little spot.  The sushi is very fresh and I really like the choices they offer.  They offer half off of maki rolls on Wednesday after 3.  I tried the spicy crunchy crab meat roll, krayin roll, and carolina roll and they were all well made great tasting rolls, I was very impressed.  It looks like they've been added to restaurant.com also.....fyi.
4	I didn't realize I had been to this place so many times.  I have never had a problem and I appreciate that they have other types of dressing for their salads than the usual asian picks.  Sushi = awesomeService = greatParking = greatI'll go back
1	Perhaps we've gone on a few off-nights for them, but we always leave unimpressed and promising ourselves not to go back. Their gyoza are atrocious- I think they're either bought frozen or the filling is made in a meat grinder (you should have some ability to taste what vegetables and meats were put in the filling, not have some mystery paste in a rice wrapper). The salad dressing is good, very mild for a ginger, but one of the saving graces of the meal. Our sushi was terrible; the rice was dried out and unseasoned (for those new to sushi, the rice is supposed to be lightly seasoned with mirin vinegar), and the fish cuts were tiny. They must have run out of cream cheese the other night because they put tofu in my Philly roll instead (um....not the same flavor). I had the shrimp hibachi, and the shrimp were large and properly grilled. I enjoyed the vegetables. My husband unfortunately had the chicken and steak hibachi. He asked for his steak to be medium, and it was virtually rubber. The chicken was dry and lacked in flavor.  Top that off with the horrible service ( it took 25 minutes from the time they cleared our plates until we received our check and only two other tables were occupied), and this time I vow never to return.
4	Well, I'm moving my rating for Edomae up one star. I've been back a lot of times now and it's kinda growing on me. The staff is nice but I still get that rushed feeling. I found out about Wednesday night half off sushi and it keeps me coming back. They know me so well it's like they reserve a seat and a Sapporo at the bar for me every Wednesday night now. And despite saying I'd check out an entree, the sushi has grown on me quite a bit and I wouldn't have it any other way.
2	Felt very rushed from the moment we sat.  Sushi was reasonably good but defiantly not worth going back.
3	Went today for lunch - service good - fresh veges. Still not impressed. Seems a bit pricey!
3	It's a wonder how two people can have such different reviews even when they go to the same place at the same time sometimes isn't it? Stopped by here for a weekday dinner with my bro bro Jonathon B. and I left feeling a bit neglected.Walking in reception is warm enough, but that's probably cause one of us is a regular here (not me). My friend ordered a salad and it came out speedily and tasty enough. I've never been a fan of the ginger dressing salads served at most Japanese restaurants though. Probably due to my dislike of iceberg lettuce. Then it took a long while before our sushi selections came out. That's okay because we're chatting it up and being all chill, also we noticed that there was only one person rolling sushi behind the counter for the whole joint. Poor guy! So finally our rolls finally came out and I had ordered a specialty roll and a standard roll. I like to do this because sometimes fancy schmancy rolls either turn out great or a total bust and I need something you can't really mess up as sushi insurance. In this case my dragon something roll ended up kind of meh. Eel is already pretty fatty and pairing it with avocado was just overdoing it and resulted in very little textural contrast at all in the roll. The flavor was decent at least. The crunchy salmon roll on the other hand was great, nice little crunch, fresh tasting salmon, excellent all around!The service once seated is slooow, I'm not even referring to the speed food came out at since I decided to give them a free pass on that. It took a bit to get our server's attention to order another dish and then quite a lot longer after that to get our checks. It wasn't that busy with only 2-3 tables there so either I need a chill pill or someone needs to get their head in the game. The meal overall was a bit more expensive than I would have liked for a casual night out, let's just stick to Wednesdays next time when the sushi is half off kay?
4	I think Edomae is on par or slightly better than Sushi 101. It does not, however, compare to Cowfish or New Zealand Cafe (best sushi in Charlotte!). However, it is better than Akahana in Plaza, Ishi, Nakato, and Kabuto in University area, and Tanaka on Prosperity Church Rd. I feel the fish quality and roll combinations are above par and have good fish combinations. I would recommend their Phoenix & Super Tuna Rolls.
4	Great food!
3	The sushi is okay. The speciality rolls are good but it's not the best sushi I've had by far. The bento box for lunch came with a ton of food and it was all really good.
4	Nice and clean, friendly staff, sushi was very fresh.went for lunch and will definitely be back.
3	I was at Northlake and had a sushi craving, and had heard about Edomae. Upon arrival I was seated immediately, which I expected since there was only one other table seated. I ordered the "Phoenix Roll" and A lunch Bento Box. The roll was good, however extremely spicy, which was a little overwhelming. The bento box included shrimp and vegetable tempura, which was great! Overall, it was good, but not my top sushi choice.
3	Been here several times for lunch when I lived in the area, great value and not bad. What I didn't like was the Japanese Techno music..would return
2	Nice clean inside and it's close to shopping malls.  I came in for lunch only and was disappointed with the Sashimi lunch.  First the lunch comes with traditional Miso soup that tasted like water.Next the fish was not very good.  When I order Sashimi plate I do not want fake crab or egg on the plate just raw fish.I finished my lunch because I was starving after a good workout, but will never return.
3	I had not been to Edomae in years.  To start, we were seated in a back room (there were 5 of us and it was pretty busy), then after receiving our drinks, we were left to ourselves for what seemed like a very long time.  Therefore, I have to give them 3 of 5 stars.  The sushi was pretty tasty but I was eating off of the plates of others.  My dish, Hibachi shrimp with fried rice, was okay, nothing special.  I thought the serving size for dinner was not up to par with the price.  I guess it will be another long while before I return to Edomae.  However, if I just want sushi, I will stop by.
4	Service today was great and the sushi was even better.  I enjoyed the Lobster King Crab roll along with a Sweet Potato roll.  I enjoyed eating all of the Lobster and it was quite tasty, not artificial.  Only several tables were full on this early Saturday evening.  The restaurant had a 90.5 rating but we wanted sushi so we stayed.  I looked up the report and there were violations for employee behavior (not washing before putting on gloves; using the gloves to open doors, etc. along with other violations that I attribute to lack of tracking).  I hope the management learned the lesson and will not allow these behaviors to negatively impact their score.
2	Service was good, atmosphere is the only reason that they got two stars if you love the 90's this is the place to hang out! However, if you are looking for good sushi this is not the place to come too. The music was a mix of 90's R & B to greatest hits. I ordered the eel rolls, I love the eel rolls in California. However, at this place not at all! The avocado that was on top was biter (going bad) the brown on top was covered by eel sauce, once I pulled it off they were a little better, the taste of cream cheese was over powering that was all you tasted, no eel nothing! Would have loved for the waiter that saw what I was doing bc she talked about to other man, but never asked if everything was ok if there was anything she could do. I will not be back! I am still searching for good sushi in NC!
4	This place has a nice selection of fresh sushi.They have good  eel, spicy crunchy salmon roll,  lobster roll, the sashimi salmon was fresh & tasty.The service can be a bit of a challenge, mainly because some are english challenged. After asking several times about the Bento Box, we decided to go a la carte.The dining room is nice, more on the upscale casual side. They have a small but nice  bar area and a sushi bar as well.It's in the area next to the REI store.
1	Have eaten here twice and not sure if its food.  The "habachi chicken" has a very strange texture and not much flavor.  Apparently there's half prices rolls on Wednesday, I'll go back to try it again.I ordered ahead of time for pickup and they said 10-15 minutes.  I showed up 15 minutes later and still had to wait a little bit.  I was in quite a hurry.  I didn't make a big deal about it, but would have just gone to the Chic-Fil-A or the Wendy's had I known.  Got the chicken special for lunch. I'm easily impresses by most fast food Japanese places. This was barely edible and at $8 I would have preferred any random Chinese lunch.  The chicken isn't your normal breast squares.  It was flat and cut into strips.  Kind of chewy and makes a noise when you bite into it.  I threw most of it away.It is what it is.  Like I said, it doesn't take much to impress me as far as Asian style lunches go and these guys didn't even come close.
3	Happen to be in the area craving sushi. The place was slow. The service was great. Drinks were served promptly and our appetizer was out in minutes. The dumplings were decent. Sushi wasn't the best I've had but decent as well. If I was in the area and craving sushi, I'd go back.
2	Somehow I felt like the waiter was annoyed. He never offered a refill our waters. The food was tasty but it got cold quick :/Asked for spicy sauce got sirachi :/
3	Pretty pleased with my second experience with Edomae. I met a friend here for dinner on a Wednesday evening, around 7 PM. The place was buzzing with groups of diners, as well as others waiting for & placing orders "to go." We were greeted immediately & seated. The lady who seated us told us about the special, "half off sushi." Well, count us in!  Between the two of us, we got three rolls a piece. I opted for the spider roll, spicy crunchy crab roll & the ninja roll. I also got the clear soup. In no time, my soup was brought out & a few minutes later, our sushi arrived. Every roll tasted fresh & the ingredients were delicious.The place was clean, servers were attentive and efficient. Prices are very reasonable. They offer hibachi, which I will have to try on my next visit.Parking is an issue, since they share the area with many other businesses. They do offer reservations (the restaurant itself is pretty small). Another bonus: you can order online.
2	Their food is delicious. I order take out as well as dinning in from time to time. I always order scallop hibachi which comes with soup, rice, sweet carrots, salad, and of course scallop. On this occasion the sweet carrots were missing once I get home, so I called just to let management know. The manager was unsympathetic and said sweet carrots are not guarantee and come with hibachi to "make look pretty." Unbelievable! The food is excellent just make sure everything is in your to go orders. And if your missing anything don't call....nobody will care.
4	Short review here.Half price rolls on Wednesday. Yes!Were they good? Yes!Would I return? Yes!
5	Iris is great.  She always gets our order correct.  1/2 price sushi on Wednesday is great!   The food and services is great here.
1	Just awful. The spicy tuna roll was dismal, no flavor and poorly rolled. The nabeyaki udon was a total mess. The foul scent coming from the bowl was enough to turn my stomach. I'm guessing it was because of the random vegetables  and bland broth. Seriously a can of stock vegetable broth would have been better. I'm not sure why there was so much broccoli and zucchini in the soup. None of the "normal" veggies  I'm use to were In the soup. At least the noodles were only slightly under cooked. Though the poor texture clearly couldn't conceal that the noodles were cheap prepackage noodles. Unfortunately I can't even imagine trying this place again in the future.
4	I frequently visit this place on Wednesdays for half price sushi! The sushi is fresh and delicious! I have eaten in but mostly carryout. If you order between 5:30 - 6:30 be prepared to wait a little longet than normal, but its worth it! My favorite rolls are the Carolina, spicy crunchy crab, and sweet potato!
5	Delicious sushi!!!
