5	This place is lovely. Everything is so clean. The staff are incredibly friendly and professional. The manicure I had was beautifully done and done so efficiently. The experience was relaxing as well. I can't wait to go in for a pedicure in the beautiful pedicure area.
4	I live very close to this place and was in desperate need of a mani. Thankfully I was able to make a same-day appt for a Shellac manicure. They had overextended themselves with appts and walk-ins and were doing their best to accommodate everyone. It took 15-20 mins before my appt began and then I sat there with the acetone on my nails for another 30 mins before the manicurist was available. But the staff was very friendly and apologetic and really worked to make my experience positive. And I wasn't in a hurry so was patient. The end result was fantastic!  He did an amazing job. I have received many compliments. I am very happy and would go back.
4	TL;DR - clean, friendly, accommodating, professional, great customer serviceMy sister and I visited as walk ins on a girl's day out for pedicures. Atmosphere: The salon is very tasteful and relaxing with elements incorporated into the decor to promote relaxation. The lighting was well done so the technicians have light to see, but is not overly bright for customers. Relaxing music is piped through the salon at an appropriate level to be heard, but not infringe on conversation. The nail bar is separated from the pedicure stations by a partial wall that includes a water fixture (faux fish tank). We were greeted very warmly upon arrival and offered a choice of complimentary water or wine. Other customers in the area appeared very relaxed, and the general feel of the employees was warm and inviting. The pedicure stations are simply amazing! The chairs feature massage seats and backs with various settings that the customer can choose from. The seats are comfortable even without using the massage options. The foot baths are lined with a new plastic bag for every customer and either new implements are used (such as pumice stones) or autoclaved between clients (such as clippers). The technicians make sure you are aware of their sanitary practices. The service: Fabulous! My technician was gentle and asked before doing anything beyond a normal pedicure. For example, I had heavy callousing and she asked before doing a callous removal treatment. She did an excellent job on my nails and feet. The service included removing old polish, cuticle treatment and removal, clipping and filing toenails, pumice and callous remover for feet, parrafin treatment, foot, ankle, and lower leg massage with lotion, and paintedtoenails. All this cost $35 dollars, which is a great deal! My only criticism is that my technician didn't appear to speak English and so her communication with me happened through another employee. However, the manager/owner made sure to pair her up with a technician who worked on my sister's pedicure that could translate translate for her. Overall, I would and definitely will visit again. $35 every few weeks for a pedicure is a wonderful treat and I feel I get more than enough value for the cost from the service and atmosphere.
5	Happened to be on the west side of Madison so was searching for a place nearby for a pedicure. So glad that I found Lotus! The decor is thoughtful and tasteful. It's a good sign when your nail salon actually cares about their personal aesthetic. The front area is a metropolitan style nail bar, which is separated from the rear pedicure area by a partial wall made up of a faux fish tank/water feature. My nail tech was super friendly and fun. She offered up a variety of their services, but really didn't pressure me when I opted not to do anything but a pedi. What my friend and I did opt for were the beverages they offered - bottled water, soda or wine. Friend got the white wine and said it was a tasty Riesling. Impressed!The pedicure itself was great too! My nail tech made sure that I was comfortable and checked on water temperature and if her leg massage was too firm for my tastes. Everything was perfect though. I also was glad to see that paraffin wax is included in even the most basic pedicure. To note is that they have something like 5-7 different pedicures of different prices and features. You are sure to find one that you will like!Last thing that impressed me is that even though my friend and I showed up 15 mins before they closed, they were welcoming and stayed after closing to accommodate us. For some reason I always end up wanting to do pedis on Sundays, so it's nice that Lotus is open until 5pm on Sundays.
5	I love the look and feel of this place. They use a plastic liner over the pedi tub each time so you know it's sterile. Wine was served with my pedi!!They have many pedi options but the basic is $32 and includes a paraffin wax, leg massage, along with the cuticle,nail, and paint job.If you have callus that you want removed it's an extra $5.The technician was friendly and did a great job. I will keep coming back!!
5	Absolutely love Lotus Nail bar. I've been going here for months and getting regular acrylic/gel nails and pedicures. Danny is my man! He does a fabulous job on my nails and is a wonderful person. I love that I can come in and chat the whole time I'm getting my nails done and not just sit in silence. I've had Mai do my nails too - and she is just as sweet and great at nails as Danny. Dong does wonderful pedicures and is so entertaining. Prices are reasonable and they use great product. I've had my gel crack once and I came back in and they fixed it for free. Very nice of them. I will always be coming back!
5	I love this place. They do a great job on my nails, the atmosphere is hard to describe but very enjoyable, and they give me wine... Need I say more? They accept walk-ins and are well staffed. The staff are personable and talented. I've had my nails done by several different technicians and I'm happy to say they're all great!
5	Had my first experience here tonight. I was very impressed. Very clean like the other reviews say...they line the pedicure bowls and open a fresh set of sanitized tools in front of you. The massage chairs are great! And they offer you free wine. I have to drive a ways to get here...but I think it's worth it. I got the shellac mani with the milk and honey pedi and it was $80.  A little more expensive than some places...but I'm comfortable with the cleanliness and the quality is pretty good...I'll update if my shellac chips before it should!
5	When I got to this salon, I thought I stepped out of Madison and into California.  It was so beautiful and unique to anything I have seen in the midwest.  The owners said they studied in New York before coming back to Madison to open this salon.  My nails and toes are always done to perfection!
5	Been going to Lotus since they first opened. I love it.  Their prices are fair and in line with other nail salons I have tried.  I have had mostly pedicures done and 1 manicure for new year's eve.  They have always done a great job on my nails. I was very pleased with the service, think that their salon is very clean and upscale. I love the decor and "bar" setting.  Before service, they cover the pedicure bowls with disposable wrap with is VERY nice! I had never seen that at other salons.  Mai and Danny are very nice.
4	Reasonable prices for the services and definitely a relaxing atmosphere. I LOVE their pedicure massage chairs! High tech and fully customizable from your seat to your shoulders. Best of all, no crazy acetone or acrylic fumes (which is a huge deal breaker for me at other "cheaper" places! I can't enjoy the experience if I'm leaving with a migraine). My bestie and I have even dubbed this our annual "birthday spa" place!Minus 1 star for rarely listening to my request to leave my nails longer (shaped, not cut down). Last time I also had to keep asking them after she was "done" to remove the obvious shellac paint she got on my hand and fingertips.
5	This place always makes me feel like family. They also do an amazing job on my nails. Some of my favorite people are Mai and Danny. The decor is beautiful and I love the beverages. Every time I come here I leave feeling special. They are well priced and efficient. I highly recommend you try this place!
5	My daughter and I stopped in hoping for a little spa time together and were so happy we did. It was 11am and they took us right away. The atmosphere is fun and clean. They were very nice to my 7 year old and did a fabulous job on my pedi. I found the prices to be very competitive. A huge kudos to my tech who spend a long time on some lovely nail art only to have my daughter step on my foot and completely wreck it. She was lovely and very kind about it and fixed it perfectly.
4	Nice and reasonably priced for pedicures. Very sanitary with tub liners and pumice/emery boards that are disposable. Relaxing and enjoyable. The pedicure chairs are definitely the very best massage chairs I've ever sat in with upper and lower massage.
2	This place is seriously overpriced.  They charge $18 for a basic manicure during "peak" hours and $16 during "non-peak" hours (i.e., before 3 pm on Mon-Wed).  However, even though they advertise this special on their website, they never seem to offer the discount in person when I go there.  I am a repeat customer who always goes during "non-peak" hours, so you might think that by now they would remember me and give me the discount, if for no other reason than I go every week.  It upsets me that they never offer me the discount.  Why advertise it on the website if they don't want to give it?  They do an *ok* job with nails; it is nothing extraordinary.  I come from New York, where better manicures cost $7.50.  I am disappointed with this place.  If it wasn't for the location being so close to where I live, I would go elsewhere.  The staff are friendly, though, and they offer you free water or soda while you get your nails done.  And they take walk-ins.  So, those are nice perks.  Still not worth $16 or $18 for a basic manicure, though!
2	The salon is very pretty inside. And I like the fact that they line their pedicure tubs with plastic. But I left disappointed. I made an appointment for a pedicure and a fill appointment. Little by little she removed my gel tips and replaced all of my tips. (Really? I just had them soaked off; 3 weeks ago), needless to say I left with a new set. I noticed in my car that 7 nails were misshaped. On the second day after my visit, my toe polish peeled. The owner, is also very pushy. She really wanted for me to get Shellac. My bill for this visit was close to $100.00!
5	Really a step up from other nail salons. New, state of the art chairs, super clean, great ambiance, excellent service and technicians. Top notch.
5	I have found my Madison nail salon!!I went to Lotus today for a shellac manicure and also had the organic pedi.Danny did my manicuivingre and did a detailed job, made suggestions that would help the manicure last and look great.I had the best pedicure I've ever had from Linh. She pampered my feet and legs, and I left tingling and glowing. She took her time, not a quick get-it-and-out-of-my-chair so I can get the next person in pedi. I really needed some self-care today and I got it! Oh, and BTW my nails look great, too!In the chairs next to me was a mother/tweenage daughter duo. The daughter wanted rainbow nails and it seemed like the whole place was interested in giving her the coolest toes ever. They were so cute - each nail a different color with stripes, polka dots and detailing on each toe. She's going to be the envy of her group!Linh said it best, "When you're happy, we're happy."I'll be back!!!
5	I love this salon.  It is a warm welcoming environment and they are meticulous with their services.  I not only get my nails and toes done here but I bring my daughter as well.  Danny and Mai are so friendly and they take a lot of pride in their work!
5	This place is the absolute best!If you're looking for a great nail salon in the Madison area----this is it! It's convenient to my house but I would probably drive an hour for it! Lotus is very clean with a beautiful decor that isn't over the top or cheesy. The massage chairs are *new* and they all work (I always encounter that problem at nail salons). I greatly appreciate the variety of manicures + pedicures that Lotus offers....all with fresh ingredients such as milk, honey, orange peel, etc. The option of a glass of wine or champagne while you're there doesn't hurt, either ;-) On the weekends they play dance music---kind of hilarious but it's a nice change of pace from typical salon music. They also do waxing and I highly recommend it----I love being able to cross off my brow wax while I'm getting my nails done. Multi-tasking at it's finest.Lotus has become my regular place and I always look forward to visiting!  Be sure to check it out, I guarantee you'll become a huge fan.
5	We walked in at 6:40pm on a Saturday - everyone looked up and stared - until someone at the counter finally said, "can I help you?" I said we were here for a mani-pedi and asked if they had time for walk-ins. They brightly said, "sure!" and got a couple of chairs ready right away. It wasn't until later I realized they close promptly at 7pm, and I felt like a big jerk!! I was grateful they took us in, since we were looking forward to our pedis all day and went out of our way to get here. The managers ended up staying an hour past closing to make sure my mani was perfect and completely dry before walking out the door. Our technicians spared no effort in making sure our pedis were soothing, enjoyable, and detailed. Competition must be fierce since we were seated in upgraded massage chairs, and offered water, soda, or a glass of wine to go with our pedis. The basic pedi package for $32 comes with a leg massage and paraffin wax treatment. In my experience at other places, the wax treatment is usually extra, so I've never had the chance to experience it until now!The ambiance is really fun and relaxing -- they had some colorful lights, a chandelier, and beautiful polished counters -- this would be a great place to take a wedding party or spa date.Their attention to detail, warm staff, and above all their perks for the price, make this place worth the drive from campus. Other than feeling like a jerk customer for arriving close to closing, it was the best mani-pedi experience I've had in recent memory. P.S. They take card, but appreciate cash. Starting next year, they'll have a $1 credit card charge.
