1	The problems I've had with this credit union - there are too many to comment about! I've been a member with them when they first started as Pittsburgh Teacher's Credit Union. It was a small, community-like credit union - and whenever you needed to stop in - they knew you by first name. Made you feel like family. Along with the name change came other changes as well. Some of which I could overlook - since I had been a member for so long. Changes to their policies, such as the amount of money available after deposit. I could live with that - I've had accounts with the larger banks (PNC, Citizens) - so I was used to it. But what irritates me more than anything now is the way they don't care about the customer. I had one simple question for them - called at 10am on a Monday - the phone rang, rang, and rang some more. The recording said "all representatives are currently assisting other people" (yeah, don't know about this) - it rang maybe two more times - and then went into a general voicemail box. Like, are you serious??? This is a credit union! They have my money - and I need to speak with someone! This didn't happen just once - I've called them on numerous occasions, attempted to get ahold of someone through member services, card services, loans, etc. Nothing! It always goes back to the voicemail. So the other day, I was fed up and left a very generic message for them to call me back. They called me back - 2 hours later. But my question is this - I have numerous accounts with  you all - and you can't answer your phones during business hours? How am I to conduct any business if I can't get ahold of you? I don't live in the Pittsburgh area anymore, so it's not like I can stop in to talk to a representative.So on that note - I'm taking steps to close all my accounts with this credit union. Please believe that this is going downhill, quickly. I remember when membership was only open for those affiliated with teaching. But now I believe membership is open to almost anyone. And another thing - what credit union nowadays doesn't have Saturday hours? Hmm?
5	I've had a riverset/pittsburgh teacher's credit savings account since I was a child.  I like the personal feel that a credit union offers over a bigger banking institution.  Every time I have visited the south side branch the employees have been personable and quick to service my banking needs.  I also like the competitive auto and home equity rates they offer to members.  At Christmas time they offer a skip a payment which is great around the holidays.
1	I emailed then twice in 8 days with no response, about an urgent matter asking why they won't accept debit transactions to pay for AVG antivirus.  Their fraud dept called me and refused to honor it, claiming it's because AVG is in the Netherlands.  I shop online all the time with international companies and use my Riverset card, no problem.  This happened twice before and Riverset did an "override", but refused this time.  I tried calling them - big joke - the phone rang and rang and rang then went to voicemail.  Extremely poor customer service.  If my husband didn't have an account there and have me transfer his money to use my debit card for his online purchases (since he's paranoid about using his), I'd close my account.
3	This is my go to ATM when I'm in the area.  Being a member of a credit union myself, it is best to stop at a credit union.  No fees!Asides from that, there's nothing special about this place.  There is not enough room in the parking lot that is for sure.  If you want to park here, it's best to find a spot on the street instead of fighting with other customers for one of the spots.
1	More problems with Riverset's "competence" as a credit Union.  I made a local purchase with my debit card, had enough money in my account, but Riverset charged an overdraft fee!!!  Then of course that bounced a Paypal transaction the following day and they charged another overdraft fee, for their mistake!!  I emailed them on Thursday, and here it is 3 business days later and no response and they haven't put my money back into my account.  And of course, when they do bother to respond, it'll be the usual "We apologize for any inconvenience" - their stock form letter "response". This is the last straw for us.
1	It's hard for me to write this review as I was a loyal customer of PTCU/Riverset for over ten years, however, the steady decline of quality has forced me to write this review.When Riverset was known as the Pittsburgh Teachers Credit Union, it was easily the best bank in town. The tellers knew you by name, interest rates were the lowest (often lower than the advertised rate on their site), and they generally seemed to care about you as a customer.How things have changed, despite my ten years of banking, Riverset chose to not refund an overdraft fee and lose us as a customer. Their awful online banking website did not stop an automatic transfer (despite us trying to stop it for three months) causing the overdraft. When we called to ask why the transfer did not cancel, we were told that they saw our attempt to cancel it within the system but still would not refund the fee.Since this, i have convinced a few friends to close their accounts and switch to a bank that cares. I encourage you to go with another bank (we switched to Ally which is better in nearly every way possible).I want to support a small bank, but not when they are rude and evil.
1	Nothing has changed. I recently was in town and needed to withdraw some money from a joint account (I am not the primary). So I stopped in. I really didn't have a problem, but my only issue is that they didn't ask for my ID. I said who I was, she asked me how much I wanted to withdraw,  and provided me the cash. Now usually I can understand this if I go into this establishment on a regular basis...some credit unions know you by first name. But even those ask you for ID. Now...I can just imagine Riverset's response...we have photos of all our members (maybe from our DL when we initially opened the acct). But what happens if you have members that are twins, or family members that look a lot alike...like in my situation?  And another thing...what the heck is up with the parking lot? Ugh it's so small and tight. Not really something they can fix because there's no room for expansion. Honestly I've moved on from them. Found another credit union that meets my needs.
1	In June I attempted to inquire by phone if I had paid a bill which wasn't showing on my account as being paid.  Of course I just got voicemail and 2 days later no one called back.  I called my credit card company and they responded immediately and took care of it for me!  In October we got hit with their new "low balance fee" for anyone who doesn't have credit cards or loans with Riverset - no letter of warning or email 30 days before like banks always do.  We have over $2000 a month in direct deposit, and we get punished with a $7 a month fee for "low balance"???  This is outrageous for a credit union.  This is something to be expected from a bank - and we have accounts with other major banks and they always forewarn.  That's supposed to be the selling point with a credit union - free checking.  And last week I attempted to renew my AVG antivirus and once again Riverset blocked it because it came from the Netherlands, the 3rd year in a row, despite emailing them last year to unblock it.  This time I got the usual robocall from their security and called their automated line, no human of course.  I clicked "1" to indicate yes, I did authorize it.  And a few days ago AVG informed me it was denied!! There was more than enough money to pay it.  What part of "yes I authorized this transaction" is difficult to comprehend?  I got on live chat with AVG and had to use my Citizens debit card, and it was paid within seconds!  I shouldn't have to get permission to authorize automatic debits with my own money as long as the money's there in my account.As for their e-statements?  They're a jumbled mess, with no beginning and ending balance, all thrown together.  My 14-year-old could do a better job.With the punitive "low balance" fee, we are in process of getting out.  And the "convenient" locations?  They're convenient only if you work or live in Shadyside or Southside and can get there before 4:30, and definitely not by bus.  I went to Southside for the first and only time last summer to deposit into my husband;s account.  The teller expected me to say my husband;s Social Security number out loud.  I of course refused.  I got married in 2011 and they're still using my former name in online transfers, despite numerous emails and refused to give me free checks in my new name - but Citizens had no problem doing that.
