1	I feel like this place deserves 2 stars  and my wife feels like it doesn't deserve any stars...we split steak calamari..I thought it was okay and my wife didn't care for it at all..the sauce was decent.  For entree, I ordered carne asada burrito and it barely had any steak OR FLAVOR and my wife ordered street tacos and she only had a couple bites...I later found out that she didnt eat it because the meat was raw/red..I am a real fast eater and usually not that picky so at this point my food was 80 percent done because I was so hungry and didnt care at this point. When she pointed out that the meat was raw..I observed my dish and noticed it was raw as well..the server knew that my wife didnt care for the food and he didnt do anything about it..he was really nice though but oh well..I am kinda buzzing right now while writing this review because we had drinks at Narcise afterwords..I should have known not to go to SOL because my wife's boss mentioned it was ehhh !  The food was missing seasoning...no flavor!  Later, we went to Menchie's for yogurt and the owner told us that someone she knew got sick from there..we are not sick yet..we will keep our fingers crossed......our bill was 51.09 and I still gave the water 10.00 tip..I feel like its not his fault!
3	Sol Mexican Cocina just opened this week, so I'll take that into Consideration. Beautiful place, but give this place time to get there Act together. Checked in with the Hostess and was told 55 Minute Wait. Ok, found 2 Seats at the Bar and that was a very Positive Experience. Stacey our Bartender. was Terrific, she did everything perfect & the Drinks were Great. We ordered Guacamole and it was the Best I Have ever had in a Restaurant. Was followed by a Carne Burritto which came Cold & Was Comped.After sitting at the Bar for over an Hour we were never Told a Table was ready. The Hostesses are very Weak and need Much More training. My Suggestion is hire Older More Skilled, Expereinced Girls. who Know how to Manage the Crowd.The Place was Extremely Busy and Should do well and will Definitely give it another Try.
2	Went for the first time last night and I have to say... I am not a fan. I went with a friend of mine and when we first arrived they said it would be an hour in a half wait. We decided to put our name in and go sit at the bar (and if we got tired of waiting we would just go somewhere else). We ordered our first drinks. I bought the house margarita... and it was one of the worst tasting margaritas I have ever had. Normally with margaritas they are to sour... but this margarita tasted like straight tequila. I asked them to add some sour mix and the bartender looked at me like I had 10 heads (and he didnt do it). He pretended not to hear me. We only had to wait about an hour to be seated. The ambiance of the restaurant is great. The service was great as well. But the food was so so. The guacamole is tasteless and they give these crazy homemade tortilla looking hollow disks. When I tried to break the tortilla up, it just crumbled into crumbs. It was nearly impossible to eat the guac with these things. All I wanted was some real chips. I ended up getting beer battered fish tacos and they were decent... just not wonderful. The portion size was decent. Overall... I wont be going back anytime soon. I am sure that there are better mexican restaurants in the area.
3	I love what they did with the old Parc Central space.  The indoor/outdoor bar is really a nice addition.  I had their guacamole and also the carne asada tacos.  Good but not anything super special.
5	The food was amazing and the service was great. I had the lobster and shrimp tacos and the grilled sweet corn with the strawberry, Serrano guacamole. They have an impressive selection of tequila and great variety of margaritas. The only thing I will say is that the food did take some time to get to us ( like 35 minutes) but if you've ever gone to brand new restaurants, teamwork and timing is shortly acquired after opening week. I highly recommend this this place if you want good baja Mexican food and great service.
1	I don't even know where to begin...  We came in on Wednesday and really enjoyed our food and service.  We enjoyed it so much that we decided to return last night (Sunday).  It was clearly busier than it had been during the day, however, the experience was not what we had hoped for.  We checked in with the hostesses and were told the wait would be 15-35 minutes.  We decided to put our name on the list and grab a drink at the bar.  They don't have pagers so we wanted to stick near by in hopes a table would open up.  It took nearly 10 minutes for the bartenders to notice us at the end of the bar waiting to order a drink.  I will say, we all enjoyed our margaritas but the wait was a little much.  As we finished up our drinks, we realized we had been waiting for 45 minutes at this point.  Checked with the hostess stand and they said another 10-15 minutes.  Waiting.. waiting.. waiting.. another 25 minutes went by and then we were seated.  We were surprised because we noticed multiple vacant tables where we were seated and wondered why we had not been seated sooner, knowing we could have been in and out by this point.  We first thought, perhaps they were all reserved?  But we did not see anyone sit at any of these at any point.  We started off with the guacamole and then ordered our entrees.  Our server returned quite some time after we had ordered our entrees and let us know one of the items we had ordered had been 86'd for the night.  We wondered why it not only took him this long to let us know, but why our entree orders were being put in after so much time had elapsed at this point.. There were three people at our table and one persons order came out first.  The server was apologetic but she finished her entire meal before mine and the other persons came out.  The timing could not have been more off.  The food was not as great as the first time and neither was our experience.  Our server was kind but full of excuses.  Two of us at the table work in a restaurant and understand things happen and problems do occur.  However, we both felt it could have been handled much better.  We won't be rushing back here anytime soon, if at all.
3	The bartender Stacey was full of life and very helpful. Drinks were great...especially the frozen margaritas.  Weren't accomodating to customizing dinner choices. I would run back for drinks...not so much for the food
4	Very Nice! It all started the minute I walked in the door and was greeted by a nice young man. The layout and Atmosphere had balance and it looked like everyone focused and engaged with the visitor. It gave me a really nice and upscale feeling while my see saw a Caribbean type layout, you know, that Ocean front view kind of feeling.Then came the food! My choices were many and my decision was the Chicken Fajita Club...outstanding! If you're in the area and trying to make a decision where to eat, Sol Mexican Cocina needs to be at the top of your list!
1	The interior was beautiful but the food....not so much. We went during lunch and three of us had different meals. None of us liked what we ordered. For the price, I think not. And to be honest, even if the food was cheap I would still say no thank you. Good try though.PS Don't expect salt and peper shakers because they don't have any.
5	The food was amazing and the service was great. I had the lobster and shrimp tacos and the grilled sweet corn with the strawberry, Serrano guacamole. They have an impressive selection of tequila and great variety of margaritas. The only thing I will say is that the food did take some time to get to us ( like 35 minutes) but if you've ever gone to brand new restaurants, teamwork and timing is shortly acquired after opening week. I highly recommend this this place if you want good baja Mexican food and great service.
4	Outstanding flavors and service at this spot. The filet and shrimp street tacos are definitely worth trying. For heavy meat eaters, you must experience the braised short ribs. Very tender and seasoned to perfection. Our server Ed, topped off our experience. Young man with huge culinary dreams and very funny. We learned that the chef hails from the Newport Beach Ca store, which is frequently featured on the hit Bravo show The Housewives of Orange County. She is definitely bringing her "A" game, with respect to the quality control of each meal. Only negative, you can tell the restaurant has only been open for about 10 days. However, time will cure that. Ed and CarlaHenderson NV
5	My wife and I are die hard mexican food fans and have been anxiously awaiting the opening of Sol Mexican Cocina.  We love the Quarter and are happy to see new food concepts of this caliber opening.  The service was outstanding.  We were greeted warmly and taken to our table.  Home made chips and a trio of salsas were promptly brought to our table as well as water.  This team didn't miss a beat.Jackie and I are vegetarians and we often find our options limited when eating at most mexican restaurants.  This was not the case @ Sol!  They have a great vegetarian and even vegan menu options.  Try the sweet potato tacos or the empanadas!  http://www.solcocina.com/scwp/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/sol_sc_menu_vegan.pdfWe will definitely be going back!  Care to join us?Have fun guys!dtap
4	I'm a fan. The food I've tried was excellent, the space is very pretty and nothing beats open air upscale mexican when it's this nice out in AZ. I've seen minor hiccups in service both times - forgetting to bring out something I ordered on the first visit, not bringing out the tostadas and dips when we sat down the second time, incorrectly bringing out tacos when we ordered a burrito. To be fair, they were very apologetic and friendly (and new!) so I barely thought twice about it. I went two days in a row last week, trying the sol and spicy/tropical ceviche. Both had great quality, though for less than a dollar more, the spicy/tropical is the way to go. It's beautiful, fresh, flavorful. So fun! The sol is a small for the price.I also had the Ensenada fish tacos, which were small but had great taste. Some of the best flavor outside Ensenada itself. I wish they put the lime sauce on the top vs. underneath where the moisture and heat makes the breading soggy. Lastly, I had the Bufalada taco which was surprisingly hearty and had great flavor from the tortilla to the meat, cheese and guacamole on top!I wish they had a happy hour since I work so close by! I'll definitely be back.
2	I really wanted to like SOL Cocina, but for me it was a big misfire.  I know, I know they've only been open 9 days, but there were rookie errors that should never have occurred with an experience restauranteur or issue that a soft opening should have handled.We wanted to try this new restaurant for our friend's birthday, so I diligently made reservations a day in advance (they are not yet set up on open table).  We arrived on time, but they weren't ready.  They tried to set us up on a bar table, but we wanted a regular table which we had to stand and wait for 30 minutes.  The three hostesses blamed the problem on a failed computer system, but there seemed to be plenty of tables and they just wouldn't seat us, because they said the computer problem messed up their ordering system.  After waiting a half hour I finally demanded they seat us and take our order the old-fashioned way -- by hand.To their credit, the restaurant decor is lovely.  The tables a beautiful real wood rustic hand-hewn tables.  The indoor/outdoor vibe is great for this time of year.  But they do have an issue in the bar area with the direction their tables are set up.  All the tables are set up in an east/west direction so when the sun sets you are literally blinded by the sun.  A simple solution would be to turn the tables to that they face north/south.  Also, once the sun set the restaurant goes to dark, soft lighting.  Not unusual for a restaurant, but with the poor lighting and the thin font on the menu, it is nearly impossible to read the menu.  Come prepared -- bring a flashlight and reading glasses because you'll need them.On to food and drinks.  The appetizers were really good.  We had the Guacamole Sol which was good, but the Warm Goat Cheese appetizer was really outstanding.  I can't say the same for my husband's drink.  The waiter recommended the Grande Clase Azul Margarita.  We like margaritas, but we did not like the taste of this one which was more of a case of quantity not quality.  It was strong -- super strong, but all you tasted was tequila and very little of the margarita flavor that we know and love.On to dinner, my husband and I ordered the Grilled Fish Zarandeado.  In my opinion very average and not much flavor.  Plus it was very wet below the tortilla so when I went to pick the taco up to eat it, the whole thing fell apart.  The rice was okay, but the black beans were really not to my liking.  All together and even with the sauces the flavors were very bland.  Which was extremely surprising for Mexican food.  One kind of tends to expect spicy and flavorful food.  However, our friend had the sweet potato black bean taco and she liked it a lot.Lastly on to service.  While our waiter was nice and a dedicated educator about all the menu items, service was very slow.  We had brought in a specialty cake for our friend's birthday which they very graciously served.  We all promptly ordered coffee to go with the cake.  20 minutes later we were still staring at our cake waiting for coffee.  We finally called the waiter over and asked about the coffee and he said they were out of coffee and it would take another 5-10 minutes to make some more.  We promptly ate our cake without coffee and cancelled the order.  To the waiter's credit, he brought us 4 cups of coffee right before we were  gathering our stuff to leave and said the manager would comp the coffee, but by this time it was 9pm and we were ready to leave.   Interestingly, our original reservation was for 6:30 and we didn't leave until after 9pm.  We like long and leisurely dining when it is our choice, not when it's because of slow service, computer problems, etc.I know the restaurant is only 8 days old, but it may be 8 months before we give it another try.  Hopefully, by then, they will have worked out all their problems.
5	Some of the best street tacos in town! I've eaten at this location twice and the one in Newport twice, its about time they opened one up in AZ. The hand crafted margaritas are amazing - jalapeno cucumber margarita and frozen beer are my personal favorites!
2	Blah blah blah what's all the hype about.  Ordered the grilled corn it was cooked perfectly with just enough sauce to piss you off.  Anyone with common sense would serve it with a side of sauce or at least more than the tiny squirt they give you.  Ordered the $18.00 taco plate each taco graciously stuffed with a full tablespoon of meat- what a joke.  Our food was cold and nats where constantly landing in our salsa bowls.  The server Sandra did an excellent job and you can tell she truly believes in the food unfortunately it's overpriced for the portions and lacking flavor and temperature.  There are many other Mexican food places I would visit prior to a return here.  Service and atmosphere are excellent minus the bugs food is C-.  The  couple sitting next to us ordered a sandwich to share the each took one bite  commented on how bad it was and left.  The Carne Asada Tacos had decent flavor and had its moments but nearly every bite was interrupted by a hard piece of chewy fat or something nasty.
2	Not even close to authentic mexican food. The guacamole was the only item that was decent other than that everything was bland. I would not go back there again. On top of that the food was WAY overpriced.
3	Food was good, but very pricey.  It's a fancy take on Mexican food.  If you want an upscale Scottsdale Mexican restaurant, this is the place for you.  If you want authentic Mexican food, there are better options in town.  I would go back for drinks at the bar.
5	This is a great new mexican restaurant in the quarter that has fresh healthy and tasteful decor. The staff is very knowledgable. I had great organic margarita and black bean sweet potato taco. It was perfect! It has outdoor patio seating as well and  nice bar very classy!
5	Great!  Loved the margaritas, street corn and guacamole.  Pretty much everything was great!  Awesome tequila selection and wonderful service.  My new favorite Scottsdale restaurant.
1	Nice decor, mediocre food.  Shrimp tacos should not be served in a deep fried corn tortilla with two small shrimp each.  Rip off comes to mind.  Excessive raw garlic in the black beans made them inedible, and I LOVE garlic.  The ceviche was just weird--6" strips of fish that were very difficult to maneuver. I tried cutting it to a manageable size in the serving bowl and wound up spilling it all over the table.  And it was ridiculously expensive.  By the way, Restaurant 101 tells you appetizers are to be served before the entrees.  All courses came out together.  Unless they change their menu and techniques, we can expect this experiment to be short lived.
1	The food may be good, but I wouldn't know since this place asked me to wait for over two hours to be seated for a table for three.  To be fair, we went in on a Friday night around 7:00 with no reservation.  There were quite a few people waiting for tables and the restaurant was overflowing with people.  I placed my name in with the hostess and was informed it would be a 45-55 minute wait.  Fair enough - seems like a reasonable amount of time to wait on a Friday with no reservations. We wasted time by walking around Scottsdale Quarter and having a juice drink at True Food. We ventured back to Sol and were able to find a spot at the bar.  I had the skinny margarita, which was tasty enough, but nothing special. My guy had the house margarita and he said it was average.  After an hour of waiting, I went to check on our table. The hostess said it would be another 25 minutes for our table to be ready.  We were enjoying the people watching, but growing hungry nonetheless. We decided to wait sice we had already waited this long.  After another 35 minutes, my beau, who is not as rational as I am, went to speak to the hostess and was told it would be yet another half hour. At this point we were looking at a two hour wait with no end in sight. How could we trust them not to ask us to wait another 30 minutes? We left, but not before my cranky guy chewed out the manager. Maybe you could chalk this up to the growing pains of a new restaurant, or the inability of a young staff to properly gauge the wait and manage their tables, but my experience left me thoroughly disappointed and I will not be going back to try the food any time soon.
3	We ate here on Saturday for lunch, and it was o-k...nothing extra special.Atmosphere - was fun.  I was seated by the bathrooms, so probably not the best place - there was a lot of traffic.
2	The food was ok.  Waitress forgot my guacamole.  Wait staff continually bumped into our table.  Great wine list.  Nice decor.  I may or may not try again.  Not impressed by the food. Id go up to Narcisse or True Food instead.
2	Nice place, tacos are good quac very different  and fun and  quite different, drinks can get very expensive  $ 8 +-$16.  Beans and rice  are nasty I mean rotten.
4	Pretty good place to grab a quick lunch in Scottsdale Quarter.  The atmosphere was cool and relaxing, the service was nice and the food was good and super quick.  The veggie tacos were really good and the chips and salsa weren't bad either.  Hopefully this place will last longer than the previous restaurant.
4	The service was fast an friendly.The waiter was very professional and checked on the table multiple times to make sure everything was okay. However the place feels very small and crowded. The appetizers were okay.the food was really light and tasty. We will definitely come back again.
5	If you are looking for the typical Phoenix-Mexican blanket of gloppy cheese and lard-heavy refried beans, this is not your restaurant.   If, however, you are looking for finesse and carefully crafted Mexican flavors, then rush over to Sol Mexican Cocina.We had lunch there on a Tuesday afternoon.   We had a friendly server and excellent food.   Highlights were a bean paste dip, a very spicy salsa, and great chips.   We also tried a fish taco, a mushroom taco, and a beer batter shrimp taco.    All were terrific.  We were less thrilled with the naked guacamole and the rice that we had as sides   But Sol had brought out a plate of condiments at the start of the meal so we were able to "season up" so we enjoyed them.  I always had trouble finding Mexican restaurants when I have out of town guests.   Now I have Sol!
4	I'm a fan of their Newport location. Went with the girls for drinks. The margaritas were fresh and flavorful! Great people watching. I will return to try what looked like yummy food.
4	Really love this place.  Came in for a late lunch a few weeks ago and shared a plethora of tasty mexican goodness.  Started out with the seasoned tostadas + accoutrements of black beans, salsa, hot sauce, salt, lime.  Yum! The Hot and Raw Ceviche was impressive as well as delicious!  They have just the right acid/fruit mix going on. It comes in a giant glass with sweet potato and beet chips which are equally as delectable.  We also ordered the Street Taco Flight.  Make sure you sprinkle some of the salt, lime, and hot sauce on them.  It makes them so much better!   The greatest thing is you don't feel like you just ate a ton of bricks when eating here. Everything is really fresh and light and refreshing.   Even the chocolate bread pudding was really good.  I'll be back to try more!
5	Food is awesome, Love the Sparkiling Pomegranite!! Will be back just for that. Also the manager stooped by our table and said hello, Nice touch Danielle. Thank You for the outstanding experience. We Will be Back
2	I really wanted to like it here.  Great location.  Beautiful restaurant.  Delicious looking menu.  The food was very good but not enough to get me to got back. I'm fine with there being a wait when I go out to eat. However, this place is not designed well at all for customers that have to wait. There are no seats at the entrance, no benches outside.  The restaurant is CRAMMED with tables so standing at the bar while you wait is uncomfortable for those trying to find space to stand, let alone those sitting down trying to enjoy their meal. Our waiter was sub-par.  When he finally came to our table, he immediately asked if we were ready to order.  Had to ask another waiter for water, and by the time my margarita was served (only because I had to ask a busser if he could check the bar to see if my drink was up there), the ice was melted. Our waiter never checked on us once our food was served. Overall, good food, terrible layout, poor service.
4	I've been here 3 times now, and every time it's been great.  It is the closest I've come to finding the pseudo-Mexican that I've enjoyed in other cities.  The fried fish tacos were outstanding.  Amazing flavor and the ingredients all balanced each other out.  The waitstaff is really friendly and knowledgeable.  I think the restaurant inside is a little dark, a little loud, and poorly laid out.  All the tables in the front are all bar height, so if that's not your thing eat in the back or outside.  The special guacamole with mango and goat cheese was fair.  I'd stick to the regular.
3	Great drinks! I really like their selection which ranges from house margaritas to fruit infused tequila drinks to micheladas! Came here for a birthday dinner. When I saw the menu, I thought to myself. "Hmm this is stuff you can get for under 5 dollars at a Mexican restaurant in So-Cal, but it's they make it look fancy and price at $14!"  The food was good and I do like their free chips and salsa (two different kinds), but it was just way too overpriced for what seemed to me like scaled up Mexican street food. But I guess it definitely caters well to some. It is in Scottsdale afterall. The service was pretty good considering it was a very busy Saturday night. The waitress was nice and made some good recommendations throughout the night. Can't complain about their service and the atmosphere.
4	Came to check out this new addition at Scottsdale Quarter, and I'm glad I did. Love the decor, the live music on a Tuesday night, and of course, the food! Menu was simple, choices of the usual Baja mexican food, with emphasis on their special a-la-carte tacos, which ranges from $5-$10 each, definitely on the pricy side for just one taco. I had the grilled fish tacos (specialty plate) which came with two tacos, mexican rice and black beans, like the standard, I'd say the tacos weren't spectacular like I was expected, but still decent. However, our order of the mixed seafood ceviche and the carne asada quesadilla were wonderful! The ceviche was very fresh and well-seasoned, probably the best of the night.  The quesadilla came with a creamy chipotle sauce which was a nice add-on. And the plate is really big, definitely a shareable entree.Service was great! One little drawback was that we had to wait for a table for 20mins on a Tuesday night, around 6:40pm, under the bright sun that their blinds by the patio didn't really cover, yes, it was very hot... they need those patio misters.... this being said, make your reservation before heading there, especially on this hot summer!!
4	Great food. Tried it for the first time at the Yelp Sol Train event. Was able to try the guacamole, chicken quesadillas, carne asada as well as pork carnitas street tacos and frozen margaritas. The food was all really flavorful, however a the mushroom quesadilla and pork carnitas tacos had a surprising and unexpected kick to them. Food was great though. I'll definitely be back to try some of the other menu items!
4	for the latest yelp event, we were absolutely thrilled at the delicious food they offered. there were loads and loads of tasters, ceviche, guacamole, tostados, goat cheese? yes, goat cheese and it was good. my favorite was the shrimp gazpacho. it was cold and tomato-ey and had a quick punch to the taste buds with its heat. i also had the rice and beans sampler and that too was extremely tasty and filling. my drinks consisted of count em...2 skinny margaritas (gotta watch my figure!), and they were mighty powerful for a skinny drink. the crunchy big salt chunks were a nice addition!i would come back for their regular menu based on how good their food was for the event!
4	I had the opportunity to try SOL at Monday's yelp party.  I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, but this was different.  I fell in love with the calamari and the dipping sauce it came with.  It was large pieces of calamari with a crispy coconut breading.  I could have eaten that alone all night.  I also loved the mushroom quiesadilla or something like that.  Delicious.  I also like the goat cheese dish and I'm not a fan of goat cheese.  My only complaint is the ceviche... A little to sour and too much onion.  Other than that, I would recommend SOL to a friend.
1	When you walk into a "Mexican" restaurant and ask the waiter, " what do you have that is spicy?" and he replies with, "well, we don't really have much spicy food" you're in trouble.
4	We went to SOL for the first time this week for lunch. The interior ambiance is beautiful & the patio is fabulous. Since it wasn't scorching out, we opted for the patio. For starters, we ordered chips & guac. Very good, but could have used more chips on the upfront, as we needed about 3 baskets in order to finish the guac since only about 5-6 chips fit in a basket. Hungry people problems maybe?For my entree, I ordered the beer-battered fish tacos with a side of rice. Ryan ordered a pork burrito with a side of rice as well. The tacos were great with a delicious cabbage slaw. Ryan's burrito resembled an episode of Man vs. Food. -1 star for service. I think being on the patio made our table forgettable. Didn't take advantage of the Yelp check-in deal as I wasn't having a boozy lunch. However, I'm sure I'll be back to use it!
5	Having visited SOL Newport over the past couple of years, we were anxious for this one to open.  I want to say this about these 2 restaurants. They are not typical Mexican restaurants that so many people try to categorize them into.  They are a very regional Baja Peninsula/Coastal Mexican restaurant.  They don't serve Fajitas or Chimichanga's. What they do offer is some of the most original menu items from that particular region, including their Goat Cheese and Sweet Corn appetizers, their Strawberry and Serrano Chili Guacamole or their Sol Guacamole are also items you won't see anywhere I've been. All of their Ceviche's are excellent and I give special consideration to their Hot and Raw Ceviche... Incredible. Yes they have Street Taco's and their Vampiro taco's seem to be the big hit, and I would definately agree. Don't be afraid to ask them to change something if  you don't like a certain element, they seem not to mind in the slightest.   The Decor may be typical "North Scottsdale" but it's at home in any "typical Upscale" city or area and they've tried to keep it open, and not too formal and again, original.  Just enjoy the place.  I've gotten to know Robbi, Stacy, and Nicole well enough and better bartenders you will hardly find than these 3. They know the menu and their drinks, and are confident in what they do.
4	This restaurant = a great experience. Everything about this place is fabulous. The server was extremely attentive, the food was fresh and delicious, and the intimate yet casual ambiance is to die for.ENTREEFor starters, they do put a rather unique spin on the typical 'chips and salsa' that's brought out to you in the beginning of most Spanish restaurants. They bake corn tortillas until their crisp and serve that with an interesting array of dips: black bean, salsa, and a tray of salt, limes, and hot sauce to stir in.I ordered a simple entree of carne asada tacos and black beans; my meal was yummy and filling, and I even had leftovers. Beware of spicy when choosing your dish, however. My coworker kept complaining about how hot her meal was (beer battered fish burrito). I don't know if she has sensitive taste buds, or if it was really spicy.. so proceed with caution.DESSERTThey have a wide variety of entrees, but unfortunately only have 3 sweet options. I'm a BIG dessert person, so it was a little disappointing but what the heck. I ordered the flan and it was scrumptious, incredible, delectable, etc.. all that good stuff. My coworker who complained about the spiciness called our dessert 'sexy'. So I guess sexy is the best way to describe it's caramel drizzle and chocolate bark yumminess.AMBIANCE/SERVICEThe waiter was incredibly attentive and friendly. He answered all questions we had, and gave speedy and praiseworthy service. The manager even came up to our table and made conversation; that, to me, is always a plus. The background music helped add to the overall appeal to the restaurant. I would definitely go back to SOL. Maybe tomorrow..
4	Sweet potato tacos and the mushroom & pepper tacos were quite good.  Soups were tasty as well, and we liked the sample size portion that is an option.  Our margaritas were flavorful but a bit pricey.  Wish they had draft beer.
3	This is a fun place for lunch... It's fairly new so my friends and I checked it out a couple weeks ago. I wasn't really a fan of their take on the complimentary chips and salsa that every Mexican restaurant gives out... The baked corn tortillas that act as chips were kind of hard and tasteless and I didn't care for the dips they provided either.My friend and I shared the Naked Guacamole. Glad I shared it with someone as the helping was very generous... We ate it with chips as well as the meals we ordered and STILL had some left over. It was good but somewhat bland... similar to the "chips" and dip... not much flavor.I had the Fish Taco Gobernador and it was very good, especially with the guacamole. I would definitely order it again, it had a lot of different flavors fusing together that made it delicious. My friend next to me had the Sloppy Jose and said it was amazing.Overall, a pretty good experience. Wasn't impressed with any of their starters but I liked their main dishes. Our server was also very promt, helpful, and friendly!
4	SOOOOO nice I had to try it twice! Whenever I am back in the Scottsdale area, I like to eat my old but goodie spots but also try out some new ones! I went to SOL at Scottsdale Quarter a few nights ago and had their Chipolte Shrimp Tacos, it was so good that I had to go back and this time I ordered their grilled burrito. The food is great but once I tried ordering off the menu (meaning personalizing my order) the waiter seemed a little frantic. So I suggest just sticking to the menu because it's pretty good!
1	Would never eat in this restaurant again.  Lousy food and the service was worse.  Took a friend there who came in from Florida.  Our friend ordered a cup of soup before dinner and it came out in only what I can describe as something not much bigger than a thimble.  Then the waitress tells us that this is their sampler so our friend ordered a bowl of soup.  It was huge.  We laughed so hard.  The food was supposed to be Mexican.  But having spent considerable time at some of the best restaurants in Mexico, the food here would be laughable if it wasn't so bad.  No flavor, nothing.  Really not good.  And the waitress.  Talk about attitude.  Kept calling our friend "missie" or "me lady".  Seriously?  Let me give you a hint.  You are a waitress, not the Queen.  Being a waitress or waiter is a tough job so we go out of our way to be nice.  Not a job that I would want.  But, your job is to be nice, give good service, etc.  The wait staff here needs serious traiining.  I was watching one of the waiters put plates on the tables.  He would neatly lay out the plates and then to position, he would put his hand in the middle of the plate, palm down, to shift if around, to put it in place.  Not sure where his hand had been before placing the plates, but what a turn-off.  Hopefully he just didn't come from the bathroom, or worse.  This place is nothing more than an embarassment.  So sorry to have taken our out of town friend to this place.  If it lasts a year I would be surprised.
3	I've been there twice for lunch.  Service was slow but ok the first time and slow and unapologetic the second time.  Trendy decor, hip location, nice concept, but just ok food.  Tried the naked guacamole.  It was average.  Very small portion for $8.75.  The Grilled Sweet Corn appetizer is enough for a table for 4.  I was excited for this because I love Mexican grilled corn with all of the fixings.  The chipotle drizzle was bland and the cotixa cheese was minimal.  Left me wanting.  The beans have a slightly sweet taste that I couldn't place.  Caught me off guard, so I wasn't a fan.  The Taco Vampiro, a double tortilla stuffed with melted cheese, chiles, carne asada, guacamole, pico and cheese was the best thing I tasted.  The carne asada was flavorful and tender.  White corn and poblano soup sounded wonderful in the description, but tasted more like puree'd, warmed baby food.  Couldn't finish it.  EVERYTHING needed salt.  This was mentioned both times by all dining with me.
2	I knew SOL was not going to be the my favorite style of Mexican food, but what I didn't know was that their style involved no flavor!I had read good things about this place so I decided to try it for my birthday dinner last night.  The Watermelon Margarita was quite refreshing, but after that, things just went downhill.  The "chips" that they bring you are whole corn tortillas that have been flash fried and dusted with chili powder. Whatever kind of tortillas they use, makes for some very thick, hard chips, and not very good at all.  The salsa is just hot, no real flavor and the complimentary bean dip is so bland and unappealing.  I guess the "flavor enhancer" tray including hot sauce, lime and salt that they bring to your table should have been the first clue that we were in for an under-seasoned meal.We ordered the Bacon and Shrimp Guacamole to start, and it was bland, even though it had bacon in it!  Plus you had to eat it with more of those hard tortillas, no bueno.  I got the Grilled Burrito with carnitas and my dad ordered the carnitas platter.  When they set it in front of him, it just looked like a pile of mush...and it didn't taste much better.  He asked our waitress what he was supposed to do with it, if there was a sauce for it, but she said you are just supposed to eat it with the sides.  The pork was the most bland pork I have ever eaten in my life, even when it was mixed in the burrito with guacamole, cheese and beans.  I have no idea how they were able to extract such little flavor out of it, or why, according to our waitress, it is the most popular dish on the menu.  But then again, some mysteries are never solved...like falling in to the Bermuda Triangle.My mom and my sister had a shrimp salad and shrimp tacos respectively, both of them said they were edible, but not exciting.I did get some dessert nachos on the house for my birthday; chocolate and regular tortillas deep fried and dusted with cinnamon/sugar and a drizzle of Dulce de leche.  They were actually pretty good...but not good enough for me to come back.Their seemed to be a decent crowd for a Monday night during the summer....but I am just not sure how long SOL can survive in this Valley of the Sun with so many other, better options for a Mexican Fiesta!
4	Coconut Calamari which is large chucks of meat.  Almost the size of fish sticks!  Delicious and different.  I also love the fish tacos and goat cheese dish.  Not your typical Mexican food......Great food, staff, and location.
4	Muy beuno! Between the atmosphere, food and drinks, all I can say is...muy bueno! I am so happy that Sol decided to make the Scottsdale Quarter home. This is the perfect restaurant to visit for lunch during an afternoon of shopping, or for a date night later that evening! The vibe here is calm, cool and collected. It's on the darker side which makes for a cool escape on a hot day. I can't wait for the weather to cool down so I can take advantage of their nice patio as well! I love the drinks here, especially the skinny margaritas! They have the perfect amount of carbonation which I love in a cocktail. The bartenders are super friendly, as is all the staff! Now let's talk about the food. I love the food here! It's quite simple. This is delicious Mexican food. The table-side guac is creamy and comes with large tostadas! Throw in some of their spicy salsa and it's sublime. Their carne asada is some of the best I've ever tasted thanks to their seasoning and tenderness of the meat. I also absolutely love their fish tacos! The sauce they use with the combination of cabbage and fish wrapped up into a tortilla is second to none. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it! I also like how they sell the tacos individually on the menu. This means that you can order one fish taco and one carne asada, or whatever combination you feel like! Each taco is about $4 but be warned, they are filling!
1	I've been in twice so far. The food on the first visit was horrible. They have to hand pick out chips that are not spicy (gross) and the food was awful. The second time I was in was just for a drink and the waitress got pissy with me for moving her serving tray off of the bar seat I wanted to sit on.  I will never come in here again
5	Whoa. Pretty blown away by my experience here. To be honest I really didn't know what I was going to do for a week in Phoenix. I was hoping to visit some hole in the wall Mexican places, drink some mezcal, and have some fun. Unfortunately I ended up in a pretty ritzy hotel in an area with no holes in the wall. I was not very hopeful for being able to get a great experience without taking a taxi across town, but I was pointed the direction of this restaurant when I asked where I could find mezcal. They have 2 kinds to try. Aged in oak and not aged in oak. Both were good, but I would go for the not aged I think. We started with some seviche with beet and sweet potato chips. It was pretty good and a big hit around the table. I thought it was about normal except for the chips which were a nice touch. As for the meal, I got a few different tacos which were all good, but the vampiro taco was absolutely out of this world. I mean like buckle your knees nothing else matters in the world good. Tender, juicy meat and a mixture of wonderfully different, yet familiar flavors. I've been thinking of them every day since I had them. My friend had some cheese thing with chorizo I think that you put in tortillas which were great too. We all had margaritas  as well and they were great. They're not made with some cheap mix and served in some martini glass, but a classic, good quality margarita that you just want to drink all night. The staff was very good too. Nothing that sticks out really, but attentive and accurate and friendly. Also, just have a mention that any menu that mentions epazote multiple times is a hint to a great experience to come!Thanks so much for giving such a great experience on my trip!
5	We were in the mood for some Mexican style food this weekend and after discussing some options decided to stop at SOL and wow are we happy we did. I'm giving this place 5 stars all around for the service, food, drinks, and interior. We started off the night with some margaritas which I had the cucumber jalapeno and pineapple serrano which both were spicy with a little sweetness they were great. They start you have with their round crispy tortilla chips and some bean dip with salsa while you order. For the entree I had the grilled fish zarandeado tacos which were packed with flavor and had pineapple as well. The great thing about the food is that SOL focuses on the quality of the food and not so much on the extras like cheese and sauces etc. Everyone in our group were exceptionally pleased with the entrees and appetizers. After the meal we had saw that there was a 100 year old Grand Marnier on the menu and had to see what it tasted like. It was so smooth and delicious! Sol is a one of the restaurants at the quarter that you must try and no matter what you try you'll be happy with and if you not sure ask the staff they were great with suggestions and pairing. Overall a wonderful great experience and we will definitely be going back.
4	I've gotta be honest, I was really torn on how to rate this restaurant.  For food, hands down, 5 stars.  For service, I was going to say 1 1/2 stars originally, but in the end they "redeemed themselves" a little, so i'll be nice and say 3 stars.  And for people watching, it's 3 1/2 stars. I was visiting a friend in AZ and she and her girlfriends took me there.  It was a Saturday night and the restaurant was packed.  We went to the outside bar to grab drinks while we waited for our table.  The cucumber jalapeno martini was mmmm-delish!  Had the right kick to it.  Problem was the bartender put our drinks down and then abandoned us before we could pay.  When our table was ready, we attempted to pay but the bartender became completely absent.  Fearful we would lose our table we started to walk away while stayed behind to explain to him that we would like the drinks transferred to our dinner bill.  I wasn't around to hear the rest of the exchange, but let's just say I was told that it wasn't pleasant and in fact the bartender was very condescending. Once at our table, it took about 20 minutes before anyone even came over to greet us and/or ask us if we wanted water, guacamole or even place our order.  When someone finally did acknowledge us, it was only to tell us that he is not our waiter, so we waited an additional 10 min and then when the same guy returned he quickly admitted that he was in fact our waiter (okaaayyyy).The food itself was fantastic.  Their guacamole is truly gourmet as they add goat cheese or something to it that makes it decadent.  They also serve it with mini fried tortillas instead of chips, excellent choice.  I had a two taco combo with their sweet potato black bean taco and shrimp taco dorado.  It was excellent.  Then we topped it off with their Banana Dark Chocolate Bread Pudding which was truly out of this world scrumptious.So just when I felt were all in a good space on this restaurant, the weirdest thing happened.   The manager came by and asked us if everything was ok -- a nice move and not unexpected -- but then he muttered "So was it worth the wait ladies?"  Felt kind of backhanded to us.  In the end, the waiter came over and told us that the dessert was on them for the long wait, which we definitely appreciated.in the end, I'm hoping that our experience with the staff was just a result of us catching the servers on a bad night!  I would absolutely recommend this place because the food is just too good to pass up!
4	Great ambiance and good service.We tried the Ceviche, halibut tacos and the chocolate bread pudding. Everything was excellent!
3	It's a beautiful restaurant. The decor is grade A, classy and dim and sexy. I only went here for lunch, but I'd imagine it's a great date place, especially if your date is shallow like me and gets excited about visually impressive places. You enter and behind the host's table is a whole wall lined with tequila bottles. Really gorgeous.I can't remember what my husband ordered. I remember we got the mexican corn as an appetizer, and I got a lovely cocktail that had raspberries and champagne in it. Quite delicious. The corn was so so. Better mexican corn can be found at the Black Chile Grill in the Biltmore. It wasn't charred enough, and I think the amazing creaminess from slathered mayo wasn't there. Probably was healthier for you though! My fish tacos were good, but not outstanding. In short, a good restaurant, but nothing memorable. Don't go out of your way to enjoy the food there, but don't avoid it either. If you're there shopping, make sure to give it a shot!
4	American Fare is dominated by MEAT. I grew up eating meat and still consume other mammals, avians, and our friends in the sea on occasion. However after my recent learnings of the industries that fuel my beloved bacon mushroom cheeseburger I have decided a change is needed!  Personally, I call it an aware-a=tarian.Anyhow, what I am getting at is that going out to eat, being primarily an eater of plants is like going to a fast food restaurant and asking for a water cup. Never Satisfied!   Instead of being attentive to the fact that you want to eat plants, the vegetarian options are usually a bland house salad with sponge flavored tomatoes, and cabbage that would be better suited as a packing material than food. This isn't the case at Sol. I am not sure of their vegetable sourcing but everything tasted fresh, and of origin from some type of soil. In addition we had an excellent waiter from Chicago via Croatia, who's name I will refrain from butchering. He was attentive, knowledgable, polite and more than helpful with my friends 17 month old. We were there this Saturday, late morning and there was also a brunch offering. Sweet potato tacos were yummy, as was the veggie burrito as were the mushroom and poblano tacos. Also, I was talking to the waiter about the vampiro* taco and he brought one of those out as well. Very good stuff. The chips and salsa were fairly boss like too, being made of tostadas with some seasoning on them. Salsas were fresh and unique but not weird. Only negative about this place was the host that seated us was definitely a bit of a control freak. He didn't appreciate the fact that we wanted to move tables to accommodate my friends baby. I get that we are in North Scottsdale, and you're not catering to 17 month olds, we get it... But babies are made in DC Ranch too Mr  middle aged snobby host, so be nice. Now I was here on a Saturday morning and it was fairly slow. I could really see this place being capable of being full of more material seeking individuals than myself, but to each their own. With that being said I hardly EVER dine out in the 'Dale, but again this was not an awful experience at all!  Also our server was phenomenal and that makes all the difference. Peace out yelpers.
3	Our service was fair, the food was fair but a bit expensive.
4	Top grade margaritas, and some excellent guacamole and ceviche.  Also, the tortilla chips are huge and flavorful.  A fun place, and I had chicken ensamole (might be misspelled--it was an enchilada with mole sauce) and that was awesome. Something I'd never had in a Mexican place before.
5	Awesome guacamole. Vampiro taco is a must have. good beer and tequila selection
1	Went to Sol for restaurant week.  Was less than impressed with the bitter salad with MIA avocados, the carnitas that were very bland and boring, the rice was delicious, however the black beans tasted like aspirin, dessert was a dulche flan that was hard, solid and icky.  Service was average, took 2 hours to get thru dinner.  Best part was the refreshing wine and beer!Cheers to SOL, we wont be returning.
2	Perusing the menu of this upscale Mexican restaurant in the Scottsdale Quarter I was initially impressed by the variety and selection of ingredients. I was then highly amused when I read the description around the ceviche indicating it was made with fresh sashimi grade "local fish". We live in the desert. A big one. If they are using fresh "local" fish it would have to be from Tempe Town Lake or the Arizona Canal. And I dunno about you, but I ain't eating that - cooked even. I did find out later the company originates out of California and it appears they just reprinted the menus and/or got a bulk deal and didn't update it for the Scottsdale location. Detail oriented. The menu does offer lots of hearty brunch options and a wide variety of 'specialty' tacos. The waitress initially brought out some large corn chip type things, dusted with paprika and several accoutrements. I don't eat corn, but tried a couple of the items that came along with the chips (because for some reason she really talked this stuff up, like as in one of those awkward "why is my waitress still talking" kind of talked it up. There was nothing worth having talked my ear off about. Anyway, when she stopped talking, she walked away, without taking a drink order. When I did finally see her again, I ordered a mimosa, which showed up quite some time later. The bar was dead and the restaurant wasn't that full, so I am not really sure what could take so long about putting orange juice and bubbly wine in a glass. I can forgive a lot if someone keeps my cocktail full; this continued to be a challenge throughout lunch. When the gal came back to ask for our orders and whether we had questions, I had two. One, are the tacos all on corn, or can they be made on flour; and, which items on the menu have a little bit of a kick or heat to them. The first question was responded to with, "No. Traditionally Mexican tacos are made on corn tortillas," which was put to me in the same tone of voice my mother uses when she can't believe what just came out of my mouth. BEGIN RANT: "Traditionally" not ALL tacos are made on corn tortillas. In Oaxaca, in Central Mexico, yes, but in Sonora or down the Baja the locals very often utilize flour tortillas. This place professes to be all about Baja style food and in all my times up and down in the region I have actually never had one Mexican, in a restaurant, in a road side stand or otherwise, tell me they couldn't make whatever I asked for on a flour tortilla. Anyway, a simple "No, I'm sorry, we don't use flour tortillas," or "No. But let me suggest..." would have sufficed, rather than providing me with a snotty response as to why this "authentic Mexican cantina" located in one of the most affluent shopping centers in all of Scottsdale, without one non-white person to be seen, can't be bothered with catering to the masses. I am pretty sure 98% of my annoyance here was in the delivery. If you don't like being nice to people, you probably shouldn't be working for tips. END RANT.My next question, as to whether any items on the menu had green chiles or any heat behind them and the waitress pointed out a taco (see above) I had already indicated I wasn't interested in and then reminded me about the weak sauce on the table that had come out with the much hyped corn ships. I asked her again later if they had anything hotter (yes I am one of those people) and she mumbled something and pointed to this stuff on the table AND WALKED AWAY, again without offering another option or suggestion.I gave up on the Mexican food and ordered a crab cakes benedict off the brunch menu. The good news here is that the crab cakes were amazing, and the eggs cooked perfectly. And you know, authentic Mexican restaurants are known for their crab cakes benedict. They pair this (I guess to Mexican it up) with refried black beans, but they made absolutely no sense with the dish as a whole, and weren't very flavorful. I left them on the plate virtually untouched, along with the (very Mexican) fried bacon laid on top of them. My lunch date ordered a couple of the $7-8 individual tacos. He was happy and they had good flavor and nice elements. So that's all swell. I just don't get the price. I have no problem with expense, if the purchase is worth it. I think my breakfast was $18, but for crab cakes benedict, which is on par with what I would expect. I realize most of this review has to do with service, but overall our waitress was not only unprofessional and not helpful, but she was kind of rude. Maybe she should spend a little time working in an actual "authentic" Mexican cantina, where they would expect that she provide better customer service for a $1 taco than we received here for a $60 lunch.
2	I have been here a few times and I am never too impressed.Scottsdale prices, and odd presentation detract from my overall experience.The tortilla chips here are whole tostada rounds, meaning you need to break them yourself, they are also quite thick.The guacamole has a bit too much lime for my taste and not enough spice.The tacos with veggies could have used a bit more filling.
4	Great staff! FAB food! LOVE that you can ala carte the tacos and add or take away from what you need. Beans..yep. Beans .. Nope. Margaritas .. Icy.. top shelf .. Premium.. strong! Who's driving again??? Love the way that the flat shell is brought instead of greasy, carb laden chips all taken from some plastic bag and greased down and tossed before you with some jarred salsa. I love this place. It brings class to the cocina. I always get the Mezcal chicken tacos. Eat one. Bring the rest home for the next day. Splurge on the beans and flat shell and salsa. Tres bien!
5	I don't give out 5 star ratings lightly. Less that 30% of my reviews are 5 star, but Sol deserves it. It is definitely my new favorite Mexican restaurant.I have been here a few times and being a new restaurant in the area, have endevored to try different things on the menu. I have yet to find something that wasn't perfect in taste, temperature or presentation. The food on the menu surpasses any typical Mexican cuisine by a wide margin. The unusual pairing of ingredients is sheer culinary genius. I would not have expected goat cheese to be something in guacamole, but I don't think I can have guacamole any other way now.Their variety of tacos focusing on seafood more than meat is more than welcome. Each is full of flavor that has your mouth watering before it reaches your mouth. The ability to order them a la carte or in a combo should satisfy anyone.The Ceviche de Coco "Cabo" was incredible. Coconut, fuit, lime, avocado all coming together for a spectacular combination.The staff is very knowledgable and made great suggestions when overwhelmed with what to try. The Calamari is some of the best with a unique hint of orange.
5	Great food, great service!  Not you traditional Mexican fare, which may be a hang up for some. They feature specialty Tacos as their focus, and they are fabulous. Upscale, nice atmosphere, would definitely go back.
4	It took me some time to get here after their open, but since I went a month ago, I've been back four more times - taking different people with me each time to experience their great food! The menu is full of unique food combos and everything I've had has been great, so I just want to keep making my way through it! The patio is right on Greenway, but it's still a nice place to enjoy one of their many margaritas! The staff is friendly and keeps their cool when it gets crowded on the weekend nights, but unfortunately was slow the last time I was in on a pretty dead Thursday...guess they're not a fan of patrons just drinking a few beers and watching a game.
5	Aside from the warm and lively atmosphere, the amazing thing is, that no matter how busy they tend to be, the staff is professional and see to it that your food, which is always good, is delivered at the right pace, without fail. It's a detail that can make or break your dining experience. My favorite dishes are the carnitas, carne asada and the cerviches, but try anything.
3	The food was good, but there wasn't much variety on the menu. Nearly everything was a taco... taco with shrimp, taco with beef asado, taco with pork...Lettuce and tomato is pretty shy, and you also have to order guacamole on the side. Otherwise you get an avocado puree instead. I wouldn't turn away an invite to eat there, but I wouldn't crave it.
3	Yep, A-OK. I guess I had high expectations with the hopes it would be up to par with the Mission in Old Town Scottsdale. Not even close. The tortilla soup I ordered was nothing to write home about. The guacamole was just OK and the tostado chips were cold and not very easy to break which was too bad because their salsa was really tasty. They should consider chips that are easier to dip into that yummy salsa. I would have given this place 2 stars but the salsa was good and their Jalapeno cucumber margarita were both really good. I will probably come back just for the margaritas.
2	Went there on a Friday night at 7. They were out of chips for the rest of the night. First margarita was goof the second one had no tequila in it.  Guacamole was tasteless except for the lemon or lime taste. Street taco were ok.  Couple next to us at the bar said they weren't come back. We won't either.
5	The food and service at Sol are excellent!  I'd like to thank Sharon who was extremely helpful to me when coordinating a business dinner for 20 people from my company's management team in October.  We enjoyed the atmosphere of the back room, attentive service, and variety of great food that left everyone full at the end of dinner.
5	A tad pricey (hey, it's Scottsdale), but Sol Mexican Cocina really delivers. We were there on a Sunday night, and it wasn't hugely busy. That being said, though, the atmosphere, service and food were first class. The house margarita was excellent, as were the Gubernador tacos, the shrimp tacos and the ceviche. On top of that, the noise level was well within tolerable limits, meaning we could carry on a conversation with our dining companions without shouting. Finally, our server was very attentive without being intrusive. Overall, a terrific dining experience
5	Had great service and wonderful food.  Waiter made excellent recommendations.  We were not disappointed. Can't wait to go back!
2	If I base my review on just the tacos at their price point two stars is accurate.Their were lots of things I did like about SOL Mexican Cocina. They present you with above average salsas and and spiced toastadas. The margaritas were good and strong but maybe pricey.  ($10.50 and $13.75) I loved the warmed goat cheese with salted peanuts and that sweet hot chipotle syrup it was like whipped cream cheese but tastier and all that sweet salty and spicy went really well together. It is worth coming here just for the goat cheese. The grilled corn was good! Not the best I've ever had but GOOD!  They are accommodating to vegans and vegetarians. Service is above average as our server Amanda was very knowledgeable and informative and seemed well trained.Now the tacos.The tacos are Baja style street tacos. They are very small tacos.My husband had the sampler plate and I ordered two ala carte tacos so together we tried five kinds.  We tried chicken, beef, pork, fish and vegetable. For the most part the tacos were just meh but the stand outs were the pork and fish tacos. We spent $30.25 on 8 MINI TINY tacos. The chicken was the most undesirable but passable. The chicken was sort of dry and not so tasty. The beef one could have been more flavorful but was OK. The vegetable (corn & rajas) taco was full of just mooch as it lacked flavor and texture. The wild caught fish taco was yellow tail on my visit. The tiny taco was tasty but the fish was over cooked ($7.50) and it seemed expensive to me for such a tiny taco with very little fish in it. Your best bet is to come for Happy Hour and take advantage of it.
4	Ever since I saw this restaurant on the past Yelp Events, I was curious about his place. We came during happy hour and got one of their house margaritas and it was fabulous.  For 5.00 bucks it was well worth  it.  We also tried their pork street tacos and again tasted so yummy.  2 tacos for 4.25 during happy hour.  Having the fried tostada chip was a nice touch and the salsa's were delicious.   I wish I lived closer so take full advantage of their happy hour.  The atmosphere is very inviting and the open bar patio is great when the weather is nice.
2	Not the greatest. In summary - the waiter told us they had the "best margaritas in scottsdale", which wasn't true they tasted like an average margarita mix lacking in tequila. Next for our appetizers - we ordered a few guacamole, which was way too expensive for the amount you received, and didn't blow me away. Then we ordered the street tacos. I had the chicken, which was very dry, lacking in flavor and almost tasted gamey. There might be better options available, but I wasn't impressed with the items I ordered (especially for the price) and probably won't be returning.
4	Popped into Sol Mexican Cocina before a movie one night for Happy Hour.  We were seated quickly, which was great because there was only 15 minutes left for happy hour and we wanted to get our order in before it ended.  Our waitress was SOOO... nice!  She had a great personality and was attentive and informative, pretty much everything you would want in a waitress.We ordered everything off the happy hour menu, so I can't comment on the main menu, but the happy hour food was great!  The Hubs and I shared the pork tacos and chicken tacos - he loved the chicken and I loved the pork - go figure.  We shared guacamole, which was good, but needed a bit more seasoning.  By adding the salsa, which was served with it, it became quite good.  BTW, love the unique "chips" that are served here... some of our had a ton of seasoning and others had only a little - we liked the ones with just a little.  We also shared the empanadas (I think that's what they were), anyway they were really good.Overall, we had a great happy hour experience here.  It thoroughly redeemed my not so enthusiastic impression from the Yelp event here (just about the food, not the event).  I can't say enough great things about our waitress - can't remember her name, but she was awesome.  I am sure we will be back soon to try out their main menu.
5	Feeling sad, let down by the world? Despondent over a recent hangnail or paper cut? Angry that your boss ignored your fine work yet again? All of these and countless more would be fine reasons to come to SOL and have a Mango Con Chile Frozen Margarita. Sweet, spicy, goes down real smooth. And then you need to have another. And then another. And then another. Unrelatedly, you should definitely have someone drive you here and away from here.The food was good, I think. I was drunk, I don't really remember. I think I recall it being good. There was some shrimp appetizer where you have to pull off the shrimp's heads. Hey, they're already dead, I say. They don't feel it. They had some delicious corn appetizer, too, and then these cool taco things you can get a la carte or grouped for you, if I recall correctly. Again, I was drunk.Nice ambiance, friendly waiter. And yeah, get that drink or three of them.
5	I love this place or I should say I love their ceviche!  If you like ceviche, you MUST try the Hot and Raw Tropical Ceviche; it is amazing!  Also, be conservative when adding in the fresh diced habanero pepper that comes on top....it will sneak up on you as you get to the bottom of the bowl.   If you are not into spice Sol has, I think, four kinds of ceviche and I highly recommend 3 of them (not a fan of the shrimp one).  Another brownie point for Sol is their complimentary, yummy, unique 'chips and salsa'.  Many Mexican places have moved more towards making you pay for the chips and salsa, so I appreciate them keeping with my all-time favorite Mexican restaurant tradition :)I have had a few of their entrees as well and the food is superbly made and beautifully presented.  They definitely add a little extra 'Sol flare' to all their food, which usually isn't a bad thing, but you should not be expecting 'traditional' Mexican food while dining at Sol.  My servers and bartenders have always been knowledgeable about the food and pleasant- the other reason I keep coming back apart from the ceviche!  In terms of ambiance this is definitely chic for a Mexican Restaurant- no tacky bright decor and neon lights here!  The patio is also very inviting with misters during the hot summers and it is attached to one side of the bar, making it rather lively if it is hopping.  My one complaint about Sol is the prices are a bit steep for Mexican food (around $13 for 3 tacos, entrees $15-$30 & house margarita $8+), but I guess they do have to pay rent at the Scottsdale Quarter so I will cut them slack on that.  I should also mention they have a decent happy hour from 3-6 everyday, so if you are on a tighter budget you should go then.  Unfortunately my favorite, the Hot and Raw Ceviche, is not on the Happy Hour menu.
3	Ok. Meh. I hate that word, meh. It's something that reminds me of Minnesota. But so does this place. I don't know why. Our server was attitudinal. The food was hit and miss. I felt like they were all about the $$. I need to pay now. For $45.21, I'm all full. That's all I can muster.
5	Had to give Sol 5 stars simply because of the super friendly and helpful staff.  Food was good, had the street taco fight which consists of 6 tacos and an order of guac.  While I have had better Mexican food for cheaper it was still very nice, fresh and was all well made. Atmosphere was nice and pleasent except that they kept opening up a side door to do cleaning which let in a lot of unwanted cold air. Normally I would knock down a star except for the great staff.
4	A co-worker had mentioned this place so we decided to check it out. It's pretty close to work, so we have been here both for lunch and dinner. We've tried numerous items off the menu, so I'll highlight what we liked the best.- Guacamole Sol: avocado, mango, goat cheese, and pepitas. This is delicious but it's really unnecessary. Don't get me wrong - I love guacamole but the extras don't really add to it. I'd be fine with their Naked Guacamole. - Coconut Calamari: calamari steak with panko-breading and coconut. This is delicious! The calamari is huge and super tender. We've ordered this a few times. - Spicy Chicken & Bacon Salad: walnuts, avocado, cherry tomatoes... mmm. This salad was delicious! The chicken wasn't too spicy and it was very moist and tender. I'd definitely order this again. - Taco Vampiro: double tortilla stuffed with melted cheese and carne asada. Yum! Little overboard, honestly, who needs 2 tortillas that are stuffed with cheese? But really good. - Ensenada Style Fish Tacos: your basic fish tacos. We ordered the red rice with this and the red rice is delicious. It's flavorful - definitely not bland like some restaurant's rice. - Carnitas Street Tacos: the pork was super moist and tender. While waiting for your food, they bring out salsa, black bean dip, and chips. All are delicious. The location is pretty easy to get in and out of - as long as there is parking in the parking structure next door. Once you park, the actual restaurant is really close. We've never had to wait for a table, which is nice. The hostess and waiters are extremely nice and helpful. We'll definitely be back!
4	I had the odd coincidence of going to this restaurant two times in one week ..and I am not sad about it. Firstly, they did good by being located in Scottsdale quarter, full marks on location. Full marks on ambiance inside , full marks on service. Now on to the main thing- food. A couple of things are highly recommended- the salsa, dips, guac...al good. I absolutely loved the ceviche sol and shrimp cevice. Very fresh and an absolute explosion of flavors in your mouth. I liked it so much on a cold winter night, I can only imagine what it would be like having this in the summers. In the entrees, I loved the fish pibil and shrimp chile relleno. And now the not so good news- the desserts. I tried two , the creme brulee and the bread pudding....sadly not up to the mark. But overall, I recommend.
2	After moving to Phoenix from Newport Beach I was thrilled to find a taste of home here in AZ. The food at Sol is still wonderful, but never have a received such poor service. The restaurant was practically empty at lunch time on a Saturday, yet it took at least 15 minutes to get a drink order in. Once approached by a server, he apologized and blamed the hostess for not telling him we were here waiting....Same server had been standing 5 feet from us chatting with kitchen staff the entire time. While trying to get the attention of other waitstaff, they made clear eye contact only to walk away without saying a word. I always remembered the other location for having superb service as well as a varied and interesting menu, but here in Scottsdale, we were ignored our entire meal and treated as an annoyance. Sol has always been a wonderful dining experience; Great food but even better service. While the food was tasty as always, what could have been an amazing dining experience was ruined by the rude and inattentive staff. I loved this restaurant before, and had always been a loyal patron to the Newport Beach location. But Scottsdale, you have fallen far short...Never will I waste my time here again.
4	A bit pricey, but the ceviche and halibut tacos were great. Nice ambiance too.
4	I need to upgrade my review based on my constant return to their happy hour.  They have a very good one.  My hubby and I enjoy having an impromptu date sometimes in the middle of the week and we meet here for HH.  I love the Coctel de Camaron, it is exactly the way I love my shrimp ceviche.  Their skinny Margaritas are delicious, too, and since they are supposed to be skinny I guess you can afford two.  haha.  The other great idea they have now is their Tuesdays Tacos and Tequilas.  Last Tuesday it was a lot of fun.  They had live music and specials on tacos and margaritas.  I am glad I had signed up for their e-mail updates, that is how I learned about this new event.
5	The service was outstanding and the food was very fresh and better than expected.  The bean puree is delicious. I ordered the Taco Vampiro and the Beer Battered Shrimp Taco both were amazing. I have to say  they may have been the best little taco's I have ever had...Everything is made fresh there everyday... If  you like Mexican food or not I would  not miss having lunch or dinner...
1	First and foremost, the only reason I gave this place a one star rating was because the decor was pleasant to the eye and the owner and or manager came by to refill our drinks. The meal was pedestrian, the wait staff was curt and only polite because it was their job. Finally the hostess hated her life and had an attitude problem because of it. Will not be returning, worst experience I've had. Don't come here,  go to chipotle instead.
5	What a find!! Sol, you make me so happy. Came here on a Sunday on a whim for lunch, and much to my surprise they had brunch from 10am - 3pm. I am a sucker for huevos rancheros, and the claim on the menu, "the best huevos in town" had me drooling. But, on this particular day I couldn't help ordering the Crab & Shrimp Cakes "Benedicto". Two HUGE crisp-fried crab & shrimp cakes topped with poached eggs & chipotle-orange hollandaise sauce, double-smoked bacon, avocado & refried black beans. RIDICULOUSLY good!! Kids (ages 6 and 9) ordered bean & cheese burritos. Everything was fantastic. Our waitress was terrific, and really allowed the kids to pick exactly what they wanted and even offered to let them "assemble" them. Very cute and appreciated. Service was fast, efficient, and friendly.Washed it down with a glass of sparkling wine. Live music in the background. Yes, I best believe this was the best unexpected 2pm Sunday brunch I've ever had!! I could definitely make this a habit.I cannot wait to head back for some happy hours and the huevos!! Great addition to one of my favorite spots around - Scottsdale Quarter. Man, I love this town.
4	I really enjoy this place...been now a few times and have had good experiences. I recommended coming here with a friend who was visiting from out of town to grab a drink and she was also impressed. The house margarita with a chamboard float is great! We also ate the coconut calamari appetizer....phenomenal! The chips are also a bit unique but are delicious! Saturday night was a bit crazy but would recommend to go for a fun time and good food/drinks!
4	I love this place. The happy hour here is awesome, and the chips and salsa are addicting! Great ambience, a perfect place for a girls night!
5	Words cannot even begin to express how thankful I am for everything you did for me today. My birthday happy hour was a HUGE success thanks to the wonderful staff at Sol Cocina.  Sharon, thank you so much for making sure me and my guest had plenty of places to sit and mingle. That area was PERFECT! Lorena, girl you took care of about 40 people in a 3+ hour time frame! You ROCKED! Thank you so much. Josh, OMG Josh! Thank you so much for putting up my "rowdy" group LOL!  Seriously, your entire team welcomed me with open arms and everyone had a great time. The food and the drinks, OMG the drinks!! Thank you to Sol Cocina for keeping the Farmers Market-Strawberry-Kiwi Margarita on the menu for me for that extra day. It was DELICIOUS!! ( I stopped at two but I really wanted three) Up next... Taco Tuesday anyone? :)
5	We have been looking for a new Mexican Restaurant in town that was exceptional. The emphasis on Baja style Mexican was a pleasant surprise. We have no complaints about the food or service. Everyone was very attentive and willing to explain the items on the menu. The shrimp was delicious. We had burritos that we ordered wet and they were huge. My husband had a half left to take home. Desert was outstanding and I did not think I had room, but I did, and loved the chocolate with banana bread pudding. Supper  Margarittas! Many to choose from. Will definitely return!Best find in years! By the way, Thank you USAir for choosing this restaurant to review. We may not have found this on our own.
2	I used to love this place when it was Park Central, but now it is no bueno. It's a huge happy hour hot spot for cool people, but the food is mediocre at best. For example- we ordered chicken and steak tacos on happy hour and all we got were tortillas with meat and cilantro. Really? Gordon bierch serves better tacos than this place. Overpriced and overhyped in my opinion.
3	Was in Scottsdale with my wife on our vacation and Sol was recommended to us.  Nice live music and a very crowded dining room during happy hour... overall it was solid mexican fare with nothing that was overly great.... Basic fare at a fun place.
5	Really excellent Mexican/central America food.  Some traditional items; some that are unique.  My #1 choice for a business lunch when I have people in from back east.  Nice place for a relaxing happy hour drink on a Friday afternoon - especially now that it is warm enough to enjoy their patio.
4	While my daughter was attending a birthday party across the street, a couple of the dads and I decided to escape the estrogen-driven affair by grabbing lunch and some drinks at SOL. When I walked in, I was very impressed with the vibe. It's dimly lit, but not TOO dim, giving it a nice intimate feel. Now, being three husbands seeking respite from arguably the most estrogen-driven place in Scottsdale (Girly Girlz), we weren't looking for "intimate". So, we found our way to the bar. The bar at SOL is very cool. Half of the bar is inside the restaurant, while the other half is outside on the patio covered by awesome red awnings. The middle of the bar is where the bartender makes her rounds. Directly above the bar is a beautiful hanging shelf loaded with tequila from wall to wall. On the far right and left sides of the bar (both inside and out), there are televisions. We tried to find a seat out on the patio side, but the weather was so nice this day, there wasn't a chance we'd find a seat...let alone three.  So, we ended up inside. No biggie. We could still feel the breeze flowing through the bar from outside. Like I said...the bar is VERY cool.We debated on whether or not we wanted food. But, after seeing the menu, what choice did we really have? From the brunch menu to the dinner menu, literally everything sounded amazing. Being that I'm TRYING to eat healthier these days, I gravitated towards the skinny grilled chicken burrito. It's essentially a grilled chicken salad wrapped in a flour tortilla. It sounds simple enough...but trust me when I tell you that the taste is FAR from simple. It was also quite large. I REALLY wanted to eat the whole thing by myself, and I absolutely could have. However, the burrito was so good, I would have felt guilty if I couldn't have shared the other half with my wife. I feel like she would have missed out on something amazing in life had she not been afforded the opportunity to taste it. When I brought the other half home to MY better half, the look on her face when she took a bite of it was all the proof that I needed to know that I had done the right thing.The food and atmosphere are fantastic. Our service was mediocre...but, it WAS really packed...especially for a Sunday afternoon. Though, it was right in the heart of March Madness. The burrito was so good, it kind of covered up the lackluster service from the bartender.One other detractor, at least for us, was the placement of the televisions. We appreciated the fact that the televisions were there, but they were definitely not equally visible from every seat at the bar. In fact, if you end up having to sit in the middle of the bar (like we did), you'll have to crane your neck VERY awkwardly if you want to see either television.One last note...SOL does not have beer on tap...just bottles. I'm not sure if that's a plus or a minus. I just found it interesting.
2	We tried Sol Concina about a week ago on a Saturday night. The disinterested hostess sat us right in the doorway to the patio under a vent that felt like an industrial fan blowing on us. No big deal. I just asked if we could be moved to a much more comfortable table she walked us right past in the first place. We ordered. Then waited. And waited. About 45 minutes later we caught the waitress and asked about our food. I guess they lost the ticket. They got our food to us pretty quick at that point. Two bright spots. The manager came over to our table and he handled things well. Picked up desert and also took some money off our bill. The food was also decent. Those two bright spots convinced us to go back for lunch today. We never made it past the rude hostess. I can deal with disinterested but she was awful. A family came in behind us and she was just as short with them. The strange thing was that the same manager was only 10 feet away and didn't seem to notice a thing. We couldn't have felt less welcome so we left. Amazing how much damage a 'hostess' can do. The manager seems good at customer service but maybe not so good at managing staff.
4	I was in Scottsdale again for work and having tried everything in this shopping area and the wait at another place was 45 minutes (on a Tuesday!) we found SOL and tried it!  The tacos were really good - our waiter suggested the sweet potato and black bean - it sounds odd, but it was YUMMY - I wished I had ordered two of those!  I also got the three meat one and it was good, just too big to be a street taco, I had to use my fork.  The skinny margarita was really good as well.  The only down side was how LOUD the place was - it was just me and a friend and we could barely hear each other, the overall atmosphere was really cool and it was a fun place, but the live music at 7:30 on Tuesday wasn't necessary :)  I will definitely try it again and order other tacos that looked good (but the sweet potato one will be hard to beat) :). Our waiter was attentive but not pushy and did a good job, we were seated quickly, so I can't complain at all about the service.
1	First of all I am appalled that anyone actually thinks this is good Mexican food. Obviously anyone thinking so has never had quality Mexican food. There is not a lot of cultural diversity it seems in those who reviewed the restaurant and maybe that's because anyone who is Hispanic would not consider this to be authentic Mexican food. Bland fusion of wanna be contemporary takes on Mexican classic Baja dishes at best...save your money. It's as authentic as Chipotle across the street. Any idiot can make better guacamole or margaritas. Here is a Latin word to describe the food and drink "desabrido".The place is pretty and what you would want a Mexican restaurant to look like but it's sad that they think that's enough for the average consumer. Our table ordered the naked guacamole which anyone can make it was do blah the tostadas it came with where good instead of your typical chips. But the salsas weren't even as hot as the waitress claimed (she said it was a 10 on a scale of 1-10). My tween ate it like nothing it was so bland. The puerto Nuevo shrimp tacos had no seasoning or flavor and the presentation was terrible. The Baja shrimp tacos had none of the avocado sauce the menu claimed and the margarita was watered down and had no salt.  The waitress forgot to take our drink order and we had to ask a busboy for drinks. She also forgot to come back to our table and we waited 40 minutes for the check. I don't mind paying for good food but hate over paying for mediocracy. Really I've had better Mexican food from food lunch trucks.
4	This place is awesome!  Guacamole is excellent, I've tried the naked and the Guacamole SOL - the SOL is interesting but I'll stick with the traditional.  Panuchos are very good.  The meat in the taco Vampiro was out of this world and they melt cheese between the two outer layers of tortilla with very spicy fresh peppers which adds even more flavor and some nice heat.  Sweet potato and black bean tacos were great too.  Short Rib Barbacoa is incredible!!  Their rice and beans on the side are also very good.  White corn poblano soup is delicious with a little heat.  Good salsa and they gave us a hot sauce that was pretty serious.All three trips were take out so I can't comment on the service.  Parking is terrible but that goes without saying.  Prices are cheap for what you get.
2	Been here twice and disappointed both times.Food is OK. Guac is over priced. Specialty cocktails way too sweet. Staff not very personable ... I would actually go as far as to say continuously weeded and awkward.Went there a few nights ago with family and friends and we literally sat there and chatted for an hour before I finally made eye contact with our waitress like "HEY WE'RE READY". Just because we're talking doesn't mean we're not hungry.  She was running around all night just looking way too busy.Tortilla soup tasteless.Ensalada Sol was good, but I could've made a better salad at home for half the price..Want to add chipotle shrimp? Don't. Also tasteless and no spice at all.Apparently the enchiladas and street tacos are good.Also, the apparent manager reaches over our table to turn on the electric candle... Without saying a word. We all stop to look at him since we had no idea who he was and why he were reaching across the table turning on the candle and then walking away. Try something like "Hi! My name is soandso, and I'm the manager here. How are those margaritas?" ... While reaching for the candle. Or better yet, TURN THEM ALL ON BEFORE DINNER SERVICE ;) Customer service isn't bad, just weird. Hostesses are friendly opening doors and what not, but when you mention its still happy hour you should give us happy hour menu's as well and there are tables near the door, hold off on the personal chitchat, because I don't care what you're doing later tonight.ALL SUMMED UP:Food: overpriced (not saying it's totally bad, but it's OVERPRICED)Service: inexperienced staff and way too casual for The Quarter (use proper verbiage, make eye contact, and SMILE... advice applicable to everyone working there, except the young boy who always refilled my water :)Atmosphere: trendy.I'll go to Chipotle next time.
4	Decent, fresh, unique. The salsa is great, but stays with you for a long time. I've had the fish tacos and a torta. Both were good. The location is great, service good.
4	SOL is one of our favorite casual restaurants in the Scottsdale Quarter shopping area.  It's located on the North end of the Quarter, so I recommend parking in the North Garage.  They're known for their Tacos...and they deliver the goods!  Some of the menu items I've had here are:Naked Guacamole (Hass Avocado, Cilantro, Lime, Onion, Serrano, Tomato), $8.75Chorizo and Mushrooms con Queso (Chorizo, Mushrooms, 3 Mexican Cheeses, Serrano & Scallions), $12.50Street Taco Flight (2 each Carne Asada, Carnitas, Chicken Tacos), $18Vampiro Taco (Cheese, Serrano Chile, Scallions,  Carne Asada, Guacamole, Pico, Chipotle Sauce, Cotixa Cheese), $6.75Taco Buffalada (Chicken, Carne Asada, Carnitas, Cheese, Onion, Guacamole, Pico, Radish), $6.503 Carne Asada Tacos, $14.503 Carnitas Tacos, $13.00My favorite out of all of the Tacos is the Vampiro Taco.  It's full of flavor and has a unique taste to it.  The Buffalada Taco is a close second....although I think mixing all of those Meats together on one Taco is a bit much.  Their traditional street Tacos (Carne Asada/Carnitas) are very good, but I prefer eating those from a hole in the wall Mexican restaurant.Their appetizers are very good too.  The Naked Guacamole is amazing, so is the Chorizo and Mushrooms con Queso.  Those two can fill you up though, so don't order too much food if you decide to go with one of those apps.The service here is so/so.  When it gets busy, the attentiveness of the servers declines....and this place gets very busy, especially at dinner time and happy hour.  Whenever it's busy, we have to wave down our servers to keep our glasses full, order more Wine, etc.The vibe here is pretty cool too.  When the weather is great, the patio is a nice place to be.  However, when it gets hot and the misters turn on, it can be a bit too much.  The misters on the patio pump out a lot of water....too much in my opinion.  It's kind of funny because it looks like a tropical rainforest when they turn on the misters in the middle of the Summer heat....there's a massive "fog" and it can get you a bit soaked.  I joked about it with a bartender one night and he said that the misters are controlled by the shopping mall and not by the individual businesses, so they have no control over it.  Oh well, it makes for great people watching.Return Factor - 95%
2	In a word - "Disappointed". My wife and I chose Sol to meet another couple from out of town and hoped for the best despite reading some bad reviews. We live in North Scottsdale and eat out regularly but had not tried Sol despite frequenting the Quarter. We actually liked the interior space and design and the food was fair to good but that is where the positive feelings end. The service at this restaurant was appalling. Lets start with the bartenders who had the personalities of DMV employees. Even though we had reservations we were forced to wait at the bar for 10-15 minutes until our table was ready which wouldn't have been so bad without experiencing the cold and aloof attitudes of the bar staff. A smile and the word "Enjoy!" would go a long way folks. After being sat at our table we hoped things would improve but they got worse. Our server only understood how to take an order but obviously missed the days of training when you learn when to remove dishes and drink glasses. After 45 minutes of waiting for him or a busser to remove the finished plates and empty drink glasses and beer bottles of four adults we started handing them to the staff. Note to server...When someone orders another drink and you deliver a new drink without removing the old drink you have failed in your job. When you repeat this mistake several times with all four customers at your table you shouldn't HAVE a job. Our table looked so ridiculous after sitting for three hours with dirty plates and glasses you'd have thought they didn't have a dishwasher. The only reason we stayed as long as we did is because we had such good company with our out of town friends and decided to live with our choice of venue for the night. Our tab was well over $400 and nothing grinds a customer more than paying a lot for poor service. My advice to the owners would be to spend more time and money training your management and staff and less on your interior designer. People will come back because of great service and food at a dive, however most won't return to the hippest and swankiest place in town with bad service. There are too many other restaurants in town that are really making an effort for my patronage. It will be a long while before I give this place another try.
3	Nice place but the food is mediocre. Typical chain quality.
3	I really wanted to like this place - and I did - this is more of a 3.5 that I couldn't bring myself to round up.I've been here several times. I've ordered several of the fish dishes (fish sandwich, fish tacos) and been pretty impressed, but just not blown away.The cold ceviche is also quite good. Our meal came with free chips and salsa, which was a nice added bonus.The service was okay. It's ranged from the standard "good" to slightly sleazy.I'm not sure if this is just a Scottsdale thing, but I went to lunch with three (male) coworkers. I ordered a margarita at lunch and the waiter, a younger guy, put his hand on my shoulder and asked if I liked my drink. I just thought it was super weird, but I might be overreacting.
4	This place is an amazing little secret hidden in the sea of restaurants we call the Scottsdale quarter. It is a "type" of mexican food that is hard to explain. It's not authentic "the hole in the wall type place where you're afraid to use the restrooms) , it's not fresh mex (the type of Mexican food people who don't like mexican food eat) but we did come up with a name : MODERN mexican. It's decor is Spanish style decked out in tequila bottles, comfy tables, and an AMAZING patio with lounge seating.  The food is awesome.  I highly recommend the coconut calamari,  the gabernador taco (no way can I pronounce that properly) the grilled sweet corn, ANNND beer battered shrimp taco's. The one thing i didn't care for in my many trips was the tortilla soup because it was OVERLOADED with raw red onion to the point i felt it was inedible. The service has always been great and the drinks are wonderful.  Happy hour menu: the prices are not very "happy" but rather great recommendations of their specialities. Other than those few things the food, service and atmosphere keep me coming back again & again!
3	The food was ery average not as good as you would expect. The drinks were pretty delish and quite strong so no complaints there. If you are looking for atmosphere and are indifferent as to how great the food is this is a great place, however, if you love food as much as me I would much rather go to Blancos- their tacos are 100 times better.
5	Quite frankly, I was expecting an average meal based on previous reviews however they hit the ball out of the park on Thursday night, May 9th.  The atmosphere was lively, the service (Mike) was excellent and the SOL guac appetizer and meal was outstanding.  I would rate the meal and experience a "5 star plus" and I'm not an easy grader.  Well done SOL, especially Mike's kind attention to our table!
1	The drinks and the onion rings were the best things we ordered, unfortunately the tacos did not impress.  The service was barely above efficient.Will not return.
4	I'm far too impatient to wait the wait that's necessary to get a table for dinner or late night service, but I've enjoyed many lunches here. My co-workers and I love the pomegranate and traditional guacamole and chips. I've had their pork and fish tacos and love them both. My favorite is really their black beans. So yummy! They're a little pricey but definitely a great choice when you're looking for something with a Mexican flair near the Quarter.
3	A little pricey for small portions.
4	Good food with good ambience.!! Located in the upscale Scottsdale Quarter Mall..  Things I tried was Roasted Corn with all the spices and herbs and their sweet potato and black bean taco. They have many vegetarian options.
4	cool place.  And they have a check in offer!  so... awesome!
5	My girlfriend and I recently went to SOL and were blown away by their happy hour. We discovered SOL using the Whistl app for iPhone. It's great if you are a foodie like my girlfriend and I! We shared the naked guacamole ($6) and the Baja Shrimp Cocktel ($7) and I had the SOL House Margarita ($5). It was a great lunch for the both of us. The guacamole was very fresh and had a great consistency. By far we like the Baja Shrimp Cocktel the most. It was very citrusy and the shrimp was delicious. In fact, it was so delicious, I was debating whether to just start drinking it from the glass before more chips came! It also tasted like it would make a great bloody mary mix, if you're into that sort of thing. We would both also recommend the Pork Carnitas Street Tacos (2 for $4.50) and the Blanco Tequila Flight ($7.50) if you are a tequila enthusiast! Overall we had an excellent experience, the service was also terrific. Thanks Whistl for letting us know about these great deals!
4	Food is awesome, but the service sucks (especially the hostesses).  Their street tacos are my personal favorite there.  We really like most of the varieties we've tasted and they have good meat/vegetarian options.  We also like their guacamole a lot.  It's especially nice that the guac is served with homemade large chips.  I also recommend the calamari appetizer.  If you're a calamari fan - it's really great and unlike other calamari I've tasted.The service is what keeps them from getting a "5 star" from us.  Their hostesses (on 3 different occasions) are snooty and cold.  They seem 'bothered' that they are there to help anyone walking in the door and they act like their seating us at the most exclusive club in town instead of a nice neighborhood Mexican spot.  They need to hire some host staff who are genuinely warm and friendly - it would make a BIG difference in people's willingness to wait for a table instead of walking away.  The servers are mixed.  I've had a couple that were awesome - and a couple that were forgetful and slow.  But they've all been friendly.LOVE the food...  hoping they perfect the service.
3	We went here for happy hour because we thought they had a pretty good hh menu. sooooooo....The interior of this place is beautiful! The service was good. 3.50 for all beers, heck yes! Onto the food I go; the tostadas and salsa was pretty good, nothing special. my boyfriend ordered the shrimp cocktail which was ok, nothing to rave about, I actually like the one from food city better. I got the shrimp "cucarachas" ( it was kind of disturbing they were calling it cockroaches) anyway so it came it and it was whole shrimp with eyes and everything...they looked like cockroaches :/...they were too spicy to enjoy. The prices for the appetizers didn't seem bad until the portions came out. The portions are able to fill up a 3 year old. It's definitely overpriced for less than mediocre food. Brio next door has a better happy hour and better food.
4	Still... really enjoy coming to SOL.  YELPERS- check in and SOL givez you a check in offer.  Salute!Man, their margarita's are so delicious their bartenders really listen to you if you request a special order.  The street tacos are still fabulous.  It's too bad we live so far we can't frequent more ...but when we are in the area...we make this a stop.
3	My manager and I came here for dinner on a Monday night while she was in town. I had never been here before, but had passed by it many times and was excited to try. We arrived around 6:30 and there wasn't a wait for our party of 2. We decided to start with drinks and apps and catch up for a bit before ordering dinner. I had a large house margarita which was good. The black bean dip and tomatillo salsa they bring out was very delicious, though I wish they had normal sized chips as opposed to the tostadas that they have to break. We also ordered the naked guac, which was really good but very very small for the price. For the main event, I decided on the carne asada tacos and we shared an order of grilled sweet corn. The corn was really good, I'd get those again. The carne asada tacos were okay. We waited a little longer than normal for our food and it wasn't hot, but not cold enough for me to complain. I may have enjoyed them more had they been hotter. Our server was great and I liked the atmosphere. I saw they have live music some nights and a pretty good happy hour so I'd likely return.
3	The food here is incredible! Desert nachos are to die for and I live for the black bean dip! It just seems to have pretty spotty service, from have an inattentive server or just plain rude. But overall the atmosphere is fun and the food and drinks are great!
4	We came here for a business lunch and left feeling as if we had just enjoyed something special. As our server Carlos bought us our menu and water glasses, I had already figured out what I was going to order.  I had been reading the Yelp reviews about their delicious Ceviche for $14.00. What caught my eye was the small cuts, almost diced portions of fish.  In some restaurants, it is almost like they are trying to overwhelm you with the size of the cuts.  Not here!  And yes, it was delicious!  Carlos asked how much spice I wanted before he mixed all the ingredients.  First class.Also while we were checking in on Yelp, we found that there was $5.00 Off one Don Julio Blanco margarita. Thank you Yelp! They were also willing to substitute the offer for their Sangria. Nice!My friend Richard S had the equally good breaded Coconut Calamari for $12.50. It was excellent!  We split our bill and our lunch came to very reasonable $19.63, including taxes and tip. Next up will be coming here for their Happy Hour and Taco Tuesdays.
2	First of all, why is there so much seasoning on the tostadas? The ambience is nice but the food is very over seasoned and has a particular bad flavor that none of us could put our finger on. The prices are also pretty steep for the quality of food you're given. Like many other reviewers I also had poor service. The waitress seemed bothered to help us and was often awkward in how she handled normal interactions. Needless to say, I wouldn't go back.
5	A group of us dined here last night and we really enjoyed ourselves. We have to praise our wonderful server Amanda. She was awesome - friendly, funny, really knew the menu. We started with coconut calamari, which was fantastic. Then we took Amanda's recommendation and tried the Hot & Raw Tropical Ceviche, which was excellent. Two of us had the Short Ribs Barbacoa - super flavorful. Ambiance was energetic, and I highly recommend visiting SOL Mexican Cocina.
2	I'd been here before and don't remember regretting it but on this visit the food and drinks were LAME. Pineapple Serrano Maragrita lacked any detectable taste of pineapple and was just as green as a house margarita. There was virtually no "bite." Really? Then the Big Chop salad was carnitas had the most bland taste, seemingly under-cooked pork, and fatty carnitas (had to spit one piece out in the napkin-never a good thing). Do they test these meals for great flavor and taste? Apparently not. Waitress was wonderful and gets an A+ for service recovery, offering me new drink and entree in a jiffy. Nonetheless, I doubt I'll be back.Sad, since it's an ideal location at a great mall.Try harder Sol, try harder.
2	I recently went to SOL for happy hour. The items on the menu sound excellent, but none of them were very good. I tried both shrimp items on the happy hour menu. The shrimp cocktail and the pan seared shrimp. They give you nothing to peel the pan seared shrimp with and they are burning hot when you get them. However, the flavor was good. As for the shrimp cocktail the taste is very bitter and it was watery. The salsa and guacamole were nice, but I wouldn't go back unless it was just for drinks and chips.
5	Jared is the best server ever! We always had our chips, salsa and water topped off without even noticing. Thanks Jared. Oh yeah and the food was great!
4	like this place. I particularly like that it is NOT the typical Mexican refried beans, with blobs of cheese kind of Mexican place. Instead it seems to be more Southern Mexican food with Black beans (my favorite), and even things like "Fried RIPE Plantains" something you usually only find in Cuban or Salvadorean or Honduran restaurants. So thumbs up for this place. And the Margaritas are great. Just not a huge fan of the high chair tables that make up most of the restaurant. Doesn't make it very convenient to go there with young kids. but they DO have some regular tables with normal chairs too. so if you bring kids, make sure you reserve one of the lower/normal tables ahead of time.
5	This is now my favorite Scottsdale area restaurant. I loved the unique takes on Mexican with atypical dishes and combinations. Great service and a nice atmosphere as well.
1	A group of us ate here last night, and sad to say no one enjoyed any of the food. As a group we ordered the -'Spicy' red onion rings, which were not spicy at all, and instead overpriced, over crispy, over sized onion rings...-Panuchos, which as the menu describes it  are verde masa stuffed with mexican cheeses, plantain, cilantro & caramelized onions, on borracho black beans with crema, lettuce, pico de gallo: In reality, a crunch corn tortilla folded like an empanada with sppon fulls of black beans topped with lettuce. We didn't taste any plantains, cilantros or caramelized onions - Grilled chicken burrito, which literally had 5 tiny pieces of grilled chicken meat and ladles and ladles of black beans.- Grilled veggie burrito, with what seemed like their entire pot of black beans in one burrito. There was no sign of the pico, guac and onion that were supposed to be in. If you want to leave the restaurant bloated and feeling gross since at every bite you've literally ate a spoon full of black beans then this is the place for you. Totally felt like a waste of money and all that I paid for was a plate full of black beans. Unfortunate since the ambience of this place is nice, and the menu items actually sound delicious...but don't be fooled.
3	Hey everybody,veggie blogger here! Not sure when the definition of vegetarian meant load up on black beans but Sol practices it.Ordered a grilled veg burrito. Sounded good on the menu since the burrito supposedly should have had onions, peppers, pico de gallo, sauce, and beans. Dissecting my burrito I ended up with an overflow of black beans and onions on the side with nothing else in the middle. To add to that, I had more beans on the plate with some rice.Overall the burrito was cooked right to my liking. The salsa that came with chips was flavourful and spicy. Black beans was cooked just that there was too much of it. I would have liked more veggies than beans. The Don Julio margarita was excellent!! The rice on the side was tasty. Though most of the people on our group didn't enjoy their meal, I think it was good for a one time experience. But I don't think it's a restaurant I would look forward to coming back for a second time. This place in the Scottsdale quarter was average.
1	Definitely not impressed. We stopped in for lunch on a Saturday. The weather was not too bad because of sprinkling so, we sat on the patio. Mistake! Our server was slow and lazy. She took our drink order, pushing the sangria and margaritas. After dropping off lots chips and little salsa, she disappeared for 20 min.She returned after I stuck my head in the dining room, only to tell us they were out of the red sangria but could make me a white. (#1 how do you run out of sangria in the middle of the day, in a Mexican restaurant, when you're NOT busy and you were pushing it special and #2 if you can 'make' me a white sangria, why not a 'red'?). So, I played along. Mistake #2. It was terrible. We ran out of salsa rather quickly and while I had her at the table I asked for more. She returned with another basket full of chips, but no salsa. When I reminded her what I asked for (and what we did not) she said "oh, someone will be bringing it right behind me." Seriously?We ordered the carnita tacos and Ensenada fish tacos. Food was average at best. Fish tacos were just ok. Pulled pork was cold. Rice was dry. And so was the experience. We won't be back.
2	Typical chain mexican......the salsa wasn't bad.  I had a fish taco and tortilla soup.  The fish taco tortilla was americanized as was the filling.  The tortilla soup definitely was pre-prepared.
5	Excellent evening at Sol Mexican Cucina...  Host staff was friendly, we gave them a cell number and received a text within five minutes to alert us our table was ready.  Kind of a shame we didn't have the chance to do any window shopping in this upscale outdoor mall.Our servers were friendly, informative and helpful with suggestions.  They introduced us to Baja style cooking and we were in for a treat.  This is not your typical Mexican restaurant.  We all loved their special Guacamole Sol.  Goat cheese, mango.... Yummy twist and so very delicious!The Hot and Raw Tropical Ceviche was also delish.  We came in on a Taco Tuesday (live music, street tacos) and ordered fish and shrimp tacos (both yum) and enchiladas (everyone in our party joined the Clean Plate Club).  We ended the evening by ordering all the desserts on the menu (four) and sharing!  All were a hit with the exception of the Margarita Cake, (it was doused in tequila).  Duh. Should have guessed.  Oh well.   We loved the Nachos Dulces, the Banana Dark Chocolate Bread Pudding and the deep fried banana dish, Bananoli. Way yum, we gobbled them up.Can't wait for our next trip to Scottsdale, Arizona.  Spring Training, swimming, sun and Sol Mexican Cucina.
2	This review is just fr the bar...I wasn't a fan...Overpriced drinks... Didn't seem like a "real" Mexican cocina iny way at all...Zero reason to go back with all of the other great choices in the area...
4	Sat at the bar on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. Nice place with a live cover band playing 90s hits and a friendly bartender.  Food had great flavor and I highly recommend the panuchos and sweet corn appetizers.
4	We went in for dinner on a Saturday night. The hostess was a bit rude but not anything I couldn't ignore. We were promptly seated and our server was very friendly and especially knowledgeable about the menu and drinks. He sold us specialty cocktails we wouldn't have normally ordered and they rocked! The tacos we ordered were very good. We had the shrimp tacos and the filet mignon tacos also the sweet potato tacos were great. I really love the black bean salsa they give you with chips. I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a change of pace in north Scottsdale.
4	Everything was delicious! Besides the Queso dip. I hate stringy cheese. If it were creamier like fundido, it would be better. I had the jalapeno cucumber margarita and it was amazing:)
5	It's a nice place to eat and have drinks with friends or family.  I always order the ceviche and on Tequila Thirsday a flight of what's on special.  The food is good and prices aren't crazy so it's a pretty predictable place to eat. The manager has stopped by every time to ask how the food was and thank us for coming in which I appreciate.  The bad reviews seem all over the place sooooo, to break it down, It's definitely not On The Border but it's not La Hacienda, it sits somewhere in the middle closer to La Hacienda and I think most people will find it predictably good like myself and enjoy it.
2	I have mixed feeling about this place. I saw so many four star reviews so I decided to try this place. When we walked in we were seated right away by the host. The place was decorated very modern with dim lights. Lots of large tables for big parties. The host told us that our server was too busy to help us so he was going to serve us. First time I've ever heard if this. The host was able to tell us about the menu and was very helpful. The place had lots of people but wasn't that busy. We were the only table being served by the host. I thought this was strange and we saw the server. I didn't think he was that busy to take our order. Oh well so be it. So I ordered the Carne Asada Street Taco Plate. This came with 3 tacos, black beans, and rice. I wasn't too impressed. I thought it was pretty bland. No taste at all. My son had the Grilled Chicken Burrito and it came with rice and beans. The Burrito has huge. I tried a portion of this and it was as bland as the Street Tacos. My wife had the Ensenada (fish) Taco Plate and she was not impressed either. At first I thought it was just my dish but after trying everyone's dishes I got to say the food was just bland. So since our server was our host, it seemed like we were ignored a lot. The server bypassed our table and filled all the other tables except ours. We all recognized that and thought that was very rude. After we were almost all finished then the server started to take care of us. Filled our cups and gave us more chips. Little too late. I don't understand why the host had to serve us. There was a table after us that got seated and their server helped them out. Why were we targeted only? This didn't help make our meal enjoyable and the food just didn't seem up to par. All I have to say is I'm very disappointed at the service and food.
4	Was looking for a place to have some guacamole/margaritas while on vacation in the Scottsdale area, and found Sol to be an excellent place to consume both!The restaurant itself has a nice, open space and feel to it (seems to be common with the places I visited in Arizona). Upon sitting down, received a bowl of baked corn tortillas with different spices and salsa/seasonings/hot sauce which was a nice departure from standard Tostitos and salsa that restaurants will sometimes default to.Ordered a jalapeno margarita which was done right - just the right amount of spice, and didn't confuse my senses or 'offend' my order. Some bars I've been to will think that they need to compensate against the fire of the jalapeno by adding extra sweetness - not here! When I order a jalapeno margarita, it's because I like things to be spicy and I like tequila. Sol seemed to understand this, and both were delivered to my satisfaction.As for the guacamole, we ordered some tropical'ish variety - was feeling adventurous - and this came with goat cheese, sweet peppers, and goat cheese. This was a creamier and more savory version of the traditional, but complimented the saltiness and crispiness of the baked chips as well as I've ever tried. Only downside (of the whole meal, really) was that the guacamole wasn't mixed for us or made fresh at the table. That's probably being a little particular, but hey - when it's done like that, it really is the best.Because I filled up on all of the other good stuff, I only had room for one taco, and I chose the fish. This was a good taco, not great or anything. The freshness and snap of the ingredients left a little to be desired - the fish was kind of bland, and the salsa/other toppings were just, ya know, good. Didn't try any of the entrees or anything, so the review is from more of an appetizer/small plate/drink perspective, but Sol does a good job in this area all the same.
4	So first off, giving Sol a star for the food- they have good solid tacos.  Tried the carnitas, grilled fish, and breaded fish tacos, as well as the guacamole.  I would recommend all 4 items, and word on the street is that the ceviche does not suck at all.  Giving 1 more star for the service... and the studly eyecandy (I'm talking about our 2 hot bartenders)  Another star for the cool vibe and look of the place, awesome location in the Scottsdale Quarter.  Good for an after work happy hour, a hot date, or even lunch if you work in the area. Didn't have to wait for a table and there was even open seats at the bar.One more star for the delicious margaritas and the five dollar off deal for checking in on Yelp!Knocking off 1 star because happy hour ends at six p.m.  Boo, really?And, lastly giving one more star because they do have a good taco Tuesday which goes on all evening, and consist of good deals on tacos and margaritas.  Long live taco Tuesday's!!Tip- come by and check out the Sunday Brunch
3	We have been to SOL six times in this past year. The food is good but, overpriced for the size portions served. However, the service ranges from poor to average. They have NO systems for a server to know they have a table. They really operated with a very inexperienced small staff. Not great value!
4	I have eaten here from time to time for over a year and a half now, and I am always amazed with at least ONE of the items I order.  The hard part is consistency of menu items for me.  I had the Sweet Potato and Black Bean tacos... they were OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!  Unfortunately, the ceviche that i'm accustomed to from them is usually served in a giant bowl with beet chips and a variety of other fixings, which is NOT what I received, and it was definitely a bummer.  If you've never been, you should definitely go, and if you are only looking for cocktails, I had a watermelon margerita, and a blackberry-ginger margerita yesterday that puts their competition to shame.  Go check it out!!!
4	The first time we came here was in August and if I would have written a review based on that visit, I would have given them 1 star for the poor service that we received.  I called and spoke with the manager after that visit and he apologized and offered to send me a gift card to have us come back and try his restaurant again.  We went again last night, different server, and the service was much better.  The salsa and bean dip they bring out with the tostada chips is heavenly.  Their guac appetizer is pretty good.Their tacos are to die for.  Both times I've gotten the street tacos and I have not been disappointed.  There is so much flavor in their food and everything is really fresh.  Their Mexican rice is super amazing too.I would definitely come back here again.
4	Just love the ambiance and liveliness of this place.  Make sure to check this place out on Taco Tuesdays, then order the Carnitas Street Tacos with Naked Guacamole...  Great drinks and live music, so that pretty much covers it.
4	My my my. YUM. I consider myself a Tortilla Soup aficionado and HANDS DOWN theirs is the BEST EVER. Flavors of salsa, sides, soup, tacos..... fresh and inventive.  And our bill was crazy affordable.  Awesome happy hour offering. Service was friendly and attentive. In short,  our new favorite Mexican restaurant!!
4	Great patio, good happy hour, love the carnitas tacos.  Good drink selection... interesting options... had some jalenpeno margarita of some sorts...  Nice upscale place with a very friendly comfortable atmosphere.  Located in Scottsdale quarter just east of Brio... if you turn in the parking garage off Greenway parkway it is just to the left of the parking garage entrance.
5	Had the luxury of attending a NCA event in the private dining area of SOL. It was on a Tuesday night, I arrived a little early, so I was able to sit at the bar and check out their Taco Tuesday menu + order a drink. They have an extensive list of imported beers, more than I am typically used to. Location: Its right in the Scottsdale Quarter and located right next door to the parking garage, so its a short walk from the car to the restaurant entrance, extremely convenient. Ambiance: I like the low lighting and the openness of this place. They have an indoor/outdoor bar and a great private dining area for corporate events, private dinners, etc. Also, the high top tables are great, and the lounge area outside with the heaters! Superb. Employees: All very friendly, especially the bartenders, who made sure my drink was always full and made sure I was taken care of. Extra plus, theyre all attractive. eye candy for the win. Food: The TACOS! So delicious. I had the steak and chicken tacos, with their extra spicy sauce. So delicious. I love that they make your guac from scratch, so everything is extremely fresh tasting. Plus, how do you go wrong on a taco tuesday? 2 street tacos for 2.50! You're full after 5 dollars. Make sure you use the check-in offer, its 5 dollars off any margarita, wonderful. Did I mention the live music on Tuesdays? Super legit. Its acoustic and not like a mariatchi band. I appreciate that.
4	Given the size of the restaurant and the amount of volume they do, I expected the food quality to suffer on a busy Sunday morning. However, I was pleasantly surprised to have my first impression proven wrong.   The waitress did a good job of walking us through the menu. She said "we have some really good items so I just want to make sure you know what they are so you have a good experience."  Started with the El Sol guacamole - prepped table-side. It was nice and chunky and the cheese put a nice twist on it. For mains I ordered the Carlotta which turned out to be a massive tower of crunchy, sweetness topped with some amazing vanilla cream and fresh fruit. You can get it "with meat" so I ordered it with bacon to add some saltiness to my plate. Warning - this dish turns heads. I had two people literally stop and gawk at my breakfast as I was trying to dig in. My companion ordered two of the tacos - the vampiro (spicy) and the Xolo. The meat was well-cooked and flavorful for both. Overall great little tacos with fresh and interesting ingredients. They do have a taco on the menu that's made with ghost chiles - the Viper. I'd like to note that the waitress was very polite as she recommended we stay away from it (unless we were really in the mood for spicy... Apparently we didn't look like we were in the mood).Only reason I'm dinging them for a star is because the size of the Carlotta was so massive that I could barely eat a quarter of it. It also had a lot of "chewiness" in the center of the toast which wasn't that appealing. The crunchy outside was def the best part.
5	From the generous pour of my favorite Tequila to the bean dip, the meal begins with awesome flavor.Our waiter kept our tea and water to the brim. The manager even stopped by to check on us.The good is authentic and dished out for the hungriest in the crowd.  Ask for Michael he is the bomb diddy!This is a consistent favorite.
2	I wasn't to happy with this place.  Location is great in the Scottsdale Quarter, but the food was bland.  I have had better burritos at roadside stands.  This place definitely misses the mark in Mexican food.  They base their whole menu around the street tacos. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but from a restaurant that looks upscale it didn't deliver. We may come back to this place but not anytime soon.
4	Margaritas were excellent. Chips unique as they're taco shells. Loved the salsa, bean dip, and guacamole. Tacos excellent.
2	Bland. Overpriced. Great vibe and cool spot for drinks, and I mean cold, so bring a jacket.#carne asada burro was a bean burro with a few a slivers of meat. At $15 I expected more.##red rice bland and boring. #black beans same.#fish tacos mush. Were they fried? Breaded? Who knows!#house margarita boring, too much ice.Not sure why (probably because it was just so boring), but I was distracted by the ice-machine ice. Very firm, doesnt melt, decreases the drink volume, done in 4 gulps. Taffer would be proud.Rubio's easily puts Sol to shame.Ho hum.
2	The food is pretty reliable - but the service was terrible!   Not sure when I'll go back....
4	I wish I'd gotten the waiter's name. He was incredible. The drinks were 'well balanced,' i.e. not watered down.  I got the naked guacamole. It was super bland but I mixed the salsa in and it was better.  Also got the shrimp tacos and they were great. The rice was overcooked but whatever.  I wouldn't recommend it to friends but I'm not upset about the experience. The waiter made the experience good even though the food was nothing to write home about.Beyond the food, my other complaint is seating.  The raised seat limits my parents and my in-laws from attending.
4	Why haven't I been here sooner?!?! My aunt was visiting from out of state and we decided to do lunch I told her there was a cool looking Mexican joint in the quarter that I hadn't tried yet so we decided to give it a shot. Very nice decor and ambience...very "old world modern". Our server was very nice and explained everything to us since it was our first time. I got the blackberry ginger marg...delishh :) we got coconut calamari for the app and each got tacos. My aunt was super pleased and I found my new Mexican spot...even though I wanna go back mainly for the calamari!
2	Quick edit: thanks to manager Dave for looking to right this wrong with an apology and offer to chat about ways to improve the experience next time. I haven't returned but the attention to fixing is appreciated. Yelp steered me wrong this time. This place was pretty mediocre. The atmosphere was great but the food was disappointing given then reviews and price. First, the chips are actually tortillas which a thick dash of what tastes like paprika. Not great and salsa was thin and just boring.I got the "el Jefe" filet and shrimp taco and was really disappointed. The meat was very chewy and just thrown on with two small shrimp. A real letdown, especially given the price. My other item was the fish taco gobernador. I asked for items with no dairy and while the cheese was removed, the taco had a slew of Creme sauce on it hidden by lots of lettuce and a little piece of fish.Finally, my waiter was barely around. We didn't get silverware until someone got up to ask after asking when our meals were delivered and we had to find someone again to ask for the check once we were finished.Needless to say, despite just one visit and taste testing a few items, I won't be back.
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place as it is my favorite Mexican restaurant in north Scottsdale. I have been here many times for either lunch, happy hour, or dinner. Every time, service is very attentive and food tasty. They have a really good lunch menu and happy hour. I consistently get the carnitas street taco meal with 3 tacos and rice. Their guacamole sol is another favorite made with mango, tomatoes, onions, goat cheese, pepitas. Fantastic. And the chips, salsa, and black bean dip? Fugeddaboutit. I have had other dishes, some just okay, and others very good. The items I love keep me coming back for more...
5	Really impressed with the food! We asked the waitress to choose our dishes for us and she made excellent decisions! The food was incredible, especially the pork, and it was plenty. Definitely worth the price.
4	Food was very tasty, the service was excellent but the margaritas were marginal.  Great atmosphere and people and I'd definitely recommend.
1	Staring at 5+ empty tables just within the bar with a snippy hostess saying 25 minutes....no thanks!
2	great atmosphere and decor, but the food was just blah. didn't love it.the wait for 4 of us to get served..  took forever. lots of better mexican food places in town.
4	Ate here with my wife yesterday and overall had a great experience. I had never been in before and I was uncertain of what I wanted to eat. My server ____ I forget her name...but however explained to me how the menu worked and offered some menu items to me that she thought I would enjoy. She was right I ordered a total of four tacos and they were all amazing! The Yellowfin wasn't my favorite, but I am also not a huge fish fan as is. Again it was an overall great experience, and I am defiantly a return customer!
1	Food did not sit well with our group a few of them were sick the next day. Could have been an off night but we won't be back.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale!  What a great find. Super convenient location. Great service. Excellent food and reasonable prices. Loved all the varieties of guacamole and the peel and eat shrimp were delicious!!!Can't wait to return and try more of the dishes.
2	We went here on a Saturday night and they had a 20 minute wait, no problem because we could have easily spent an hour walking around the area. The wait was just what they said and once inside we immediately liked the ambiance of SOL. The waitress was pleasant and we were off to a good start. I liked the salsa and thought the tortillas in place of chips was a nice touch and delicious too. We ordered the goat cheese and mushroom appetizer and it was a win as well. Now the part that let us down: We ordered the carne asade street tacos and the fish tacos. The fish tacos were just so so and the carne asade bordered on rubbery. It left the experience as disappointing. Especially for ordering what seemed like a signature dish. We might go back sometime, but we wouldn't try these dishes if we did.
5	Another great meal at sol cocina - the staff are so friendly and we loved eating here with our family! Little kids love the chicken quesadilla!
5	We had dinner at SOL two of our seven nights in Scottsdale. Love the food and the Blackberry/Ginger Margaritas!! Some of the must haves on the menu: Peel and Eat Shrimp, Beet and Watermelon Salad and Kobe Beef Strip Steak!Luckily we are returning home to Orange County so I have SOL Newport Beach and Solita in Huntington Beach - yummo.
5	Sol Mexican Cocina is a definite go to for lunch when shopping at the quarter. My server Marlena was really sweet and on top of things. There were loads of wait staff on hand to see to our needs. For instance Beth was so knowledgeable and explained many items on the menu making it easy for me to make a great selection. I had some kind of fish tacos with salad and guacamole. Yummy!! The best. Next a fellow came over to refill my coffee. He said he was going to make a fresh pot that would only take a few minutes. Turns out that was Matt and the coffee was delicious. I really loved the ambience and not feeling rushed at Sol MC. Thank you to everyone. It's so evident that you love what you do. We benefit!!
5	I have lived in Scottsdale for more than 20 years, but I first became acquainted with SOL while visiting relatives in Newport Beach, CA. Much to my surprise, SOL was opened in the upscale shopping center--Scottsdale Quarter--just minutes from my home. What a find and nice surprise. Not a traditional Mexican Restaurant but a vibrant establishment which serves a variety of food with Mexican food as its base. We had the steak and shrimp combination and the duck as our two entrees along with excellent guacamole and chips. All three menu items were recommended by our excellent sever, Tracy.  She been at SOL since opening day--two years ago--and knows the menu inside and out.So, for service, food and ambiance we couldn't have had a better experience. By the way, the quantity of food allowed us to take home some of each plate for an excellent at home dinner the next evening.
5	We are weekenders in Scottsdale, and every time we come, Sol is our go to! The prices are great. The service is great, and the micheladas.... AMAZING! (That may be the one reason we can't stay away!) can't wait to go back!
5	Excellent service coupled with excellent food quality, taste and portion. Newer style Mexican menu with some classic tastes as well. Pros good food, great service. Cons tight dining room, limited parking in the garage but the valet service was top notch and very helpful, fee for valet plus tip, FYI.
4	Carne Asada was great, very accommodating to young children. They bring the heat, if you want it, but you can cool it off with tasty margaritas.
5	My wife and I came here twice for the happy hour and the tacos. The $3 Mimosas were amazing and the staff was awesome. Props to Manager Jason Goetz for comping our meal because 1. There was a hair in our Guacamole and 2. A fly flew in my wifes champaigne. Phenomenal service. I ended up tipping the waitress the entire amount of our tab. Will be back again soon.
5	The hot and cold ceviche is ridiculous here. Management are approachable, friendly and warm. Happy hour and tequila Thursday makes it way more affordable.  The margis are delicious !!
5	Brought my parents here for their 37th Wedding Anniversary and it was such a great experience! The food and service is truly impeccable and probably one of the best Mexican restaurants I have been to a long time. We ordered several of their Taco's a la carte and all were fantastic. Amazing spicy Serrano margaritas to accompany the food. I can't wait to visit my parents and go back to place!
5	Great atmosphere, friendly service and the food is fresh and tasty varieties of traditional Mexican dishes.  Love the frozen beer.
1	Had high hopes when we saw this place,  but what a disappointment.   The gray-haired gentleman that seated us (I believe was possibly the owner or manager) was very blah...no smile,  no greeting,  no eye contact. Food was below average.   The thick cut tortilla chips tasted stale and the salsa was bland.   I ordered steak tacos and my wife ordered fish tacos.   Both were lacking in taste.   Our kids' carne asada tacos and cheese quesadilla off the kids menu were better than our entrees. The only good part of our experience was our pleasant and attentive waitress.  Due to the tasteless food and impolite host/manager/owner(?),  we will not return.
4	Not bad! Mexican cuisine is probably my least favorite choice of food, but this place wasn't bad at all! I came here on a date last Saturday. The hostess said the wait was about 50 minutes but we got sat in 20! It was busy and the service took a while but we understood it was a busy night. The Magaritas were my favorite part of the meal!
1	Overall - definitely avoid if you're going on a date - might be okay for a group if you guys are into chain-like restaurants and don't care about quality food or drinks. In regards to the food and drink (1) Beware the Calamari - unless you are in the mood for fish sticks, then by all means, enjoy! (2) And I'm sorry, but since when did using a sour mix (house-made or otherwise) for margaritas become something work advertising? Their drinks were cloyingly sweet and syrupy and a far cry from anything remotely authentic. (3) Then there was the guacamole - maybe the standard version was better, but we were highly encouraged to try their specialty guacamole which had goat cheese in it. I love goat cheese, and I LOVE guacamole, but I couldn't really see how the flavors would work together. Just like I had thought, the flavors made a rather disastrous marriage - but beyond the sad mismatch, the flavor was down right bland (even after adding salt & their special spicy sauce, it just tasted like mush). (4) And while the concept of the tortilla rounds was cool, they failed again to execute (they chips were stale & flavorless, not crispy & lightly salted like authentic chips should be). The atmosphere is loud and upon settling into it, mostly unimpressive - the lighting is dim (which I normally don't have a problem with, but their tables are a size that makes it awkward for two people to see each and have an easy to understand conversation). This place misses the mark on so many levels it's straight up sad.
3	Great drinks, good service and food.  Not inexpensive, but a nice meal and experience. Took the waiter's suggestion for a mushroom queso dish as appetizer and it was good--melted gooey  cheese. Had grilled fish taco platter and roasted pork platter.  Both were very good.  If you have sodium sensitivity, expect your rings to be a little tight.   kids had burritos, which were great.  Enjoyed the drink offerings and atmosphere.
4	Came here yesterday for an Easter Day Mexican brunch. Great experience overall. The first thing I noticed here was the awesome patio. We didn't sit outside on this visit but it would definitely be a patio I would return to for happy hour to enjoy the nice fountain and a fire pit in the fall and winter.Rodrigo was our waiter and he was great. Very accommodating and thoroughly explained the menu. They had a Sunday brunch menu (from 10am to 4pm) in addition to the regular menu. After looking over both menus I was having a hard time deciding because of so many great sounding options. I really wanted to try the Chilaquiles with huevos ranchero but ultimately decided on the papas with chipolte crema and chorizo. I also ordered a mimosa ($3 on Sunday brunch special). My fiance ordered a grilled chicken burrito smothered with red sauce and a vampiro taco which consisted of carne asada and chipolte sauce. I absolutely loved my papas (see picture)!! They were cooked perfectly with bacon and chorizo and the chipolte crema is delicious. It is enough food to feed about 4 people so be aware of that. I have leftovers for days which I don't mind. My fiance's chicken burrito was also delicious. The red sauce was very tomato based and tasted great, clearly house made. There are many other menu items I would love to try here and I will definitely be returning to try more. They do have a taco with the ghost chili which I will give a try in the future. I think I will definitely be returning on a Sunday afternoon again because there are so many things on the brunch menu that I need to sample including shrimp and crab cakes benedict. The service was great and overall we had a great experience. I will be going back!!
3	Stopped by yesterday for "Cinco De Mayo" I'm new to AZ from Detroit my BDay is May 7th so I REALLY celebrate the holiday even though I'm not Mexican. Sat @ the bar - nice atmosphere. I was a little disappointed because it was not "festive."1st. Ordered the drink special- some type of Watermelon Margarita. They muddle the watermelon (I luv muddled fruit in my drinks) strain and... where's my fruit? I had to ask for my fruit. 2nd. Ordered the Guacamole - it was spicy but seem like something was missing ???3. I came for a Chimichanga "No" Chimichanga's. I reviewed their menu beforehand  & they list a "fried" Burrito so my friend said maybe that's it- nope! We ended up "leaving" I wanted more of a "party, sombreros and beads" atmosphere & my Chimichanga. So 3 stars for me. Would I come back? Yes BUT not during "Cinco De Mayo"
5	This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants.  You should definitely try the various versions of their Guacamole and their Ceviche.  It is so hard to find a good ceviche besides going down to Costa Rica and they do it well here.  Their specialty tacos are a great option if you want to try various flavors, but the other entrees they have are great as well.  This has a great location in Scottsdale Quarters and has outdoor dining as well.  If you are looking for some great food and margaritas, I would head over to check it out.  At night this place is typically crowded, but it is very easy to find a table during the day.
4	Tasty drinks! Our waiter was very attentive, personable,and gave great recommendations off of the menu. Food was excellent! Looking forward to returning when I am back in Scottsdale!
3	We went to dinner at Sol last night for a friends 40th birthday. We had read reviews so we ordered the peel and eat shrimp and guacamole. The shrimp were great but super hot when delivered so hard to peel. The guacamole was adequate. I ordered the carnitas street tacos, the birthday guy ordered crane asada street tacos and the two others ordered fish tacos. All were good but we agreed the carnitas were the best of the three. Overall I would give the food for stars. The atmosphere is probably a four as well. It is super loud but most Mexican restaurants are. The three star overall rating is because of the service. We were rushed thru our meal like we were at the taco bueno drive thru. Our server told us it would be 15 minutes for our margaritas. They came in 5 but my husbands beer took 15 minutes to arrive. The appetizers arrived before our drinks and our entrees 5 minutes after the appetizers. We had barely made a dent in our entrees when they were asking if they could clear our plates. I think we were out of there in 45 minutes & that is only because our server finally got all of our "hints" about it being someone's birthday and brought out a dessert. Without that we would have been shooed out in about 30. Not the experience we were hoping for on our friends birthday so I may be being overly harsh. The food is good just don't expect a nice leisurely dining experience.
4	First of all you get these tostadas with their delicious salsa such a good way to start out your dining experience.  I had their burrito my fiance had a torta. My burrito was giant and delicious!! The torta was so good I ended up having multiple bites of my honeys food :) There was live music it was the JT Douglas band and he was amazing how he interacted with the crowd it totally made our date night that much better. We will definitely be back especially if that musician is playing we got his card and talked to him about playing our wedding we want to bring the whole fam bam so they can see for themselves how cool the music is and yummy the food is.
5	Okay I think SOL's rating is completely skewed. As a 22 year old Arizona native, SOL is the best combination of delicious Mexican food and a modern, fun atmosphere in the valley. Comparable to Blanco, the menu is more original but more expensive as well. Their margaritas are to die for, I've tried nearly every flavor.  I hate cocktails that taste flavored with syrup or too much sugar, but SOL's flavored margaritas taste fresh and natural. As far as a food goes, I usually fill up on their unique tostada/bean dip/salsa (as opposed to traditional chips and salsa) and margaritas, I only have one or two street tacos. Filling and I end up not spending a ton as well.SOL is one of my favorite spots in Scottsdale, it's definitely somewhere to check out!
5	I think this place has some of the best tacos in town. I highly recommend the vampiro. It's a carne asada taco on steroids. The guac is fantastic and mashed at your table. My fiance and I love Sol's margaritas. I've had the house and ginger blueberry. Both were very good. This place had a very cool vibe, it's stylish but not pretentious. I highly recommend this place
4	First of all, best Mojitos! It's hard to find a good Mojito in this town for some reason, but Sol does it right. The tacos are great and the ambiance is way cool. The service was a little slow and we had to ask for our server a couple times. We were there on a Monday night and it was not very busy so I'm not sure what the deal was there. I have been in on the weekends as well but have only sat at the bar, which is cool as it's one that's inside/outside. They're typically packed on the weekends and I would recommend a reservation. Overall great spot in the Quarter for Mexican with an upscale feel without the upscale price!
5	First of all, I am totally not understanding these 3 star reviews. Sol is awesome!!! The salsa and bean dip are complimentary and awesome with their chips. The pineapple goat cheese guac is amazing!!! I ordered the pork carnitas burrito with black beans and rice. I ate 6 hours ago and I'm still stuffed!!! My friend got chicken and shrimp quesadillas. She loved them as well. Everything is fresh, cooked well and garnished beautifully. This place finally quenched my TexMex craving in Scottsdale!! A++++++
1	Amanda, our server, was the best part of this horrible meal!  Overrated, overpriced, over complicated food!  My salad was anything but colorful, the lettuce was yellow!!!  You are better off going to filibertos.  Sol is another North Scottsdale fancy version of food that should be kept fresh and simple.
1	I went here expecting a nice experience and left despising the place. Our party had reserved a big table in the back as part of a going away dinner for a fellow co-worker. Since I wanted to treat my co-worker who was leaving, I asked to speak to our waitress upon entering. She merely grunted okay but did not seem pleased to actually have to talk to me about this task. Perhaps she didn't want to work that day...Anyway we all sat down and took orders. I decided to split a plate with my friend who is participating in Ramadan. She absolutely had to abstain from alcohol, so we decided to split an appetizer of guacamole and fish tacos. The title read "Ensenada" fish tacos. And the description underneath made no mention of alcohol. In fact, the item above this was "Beer-Battered" fish tacos. So to be practical I thought those were the two different alcohol vs. non-alcohol options.Lo and behold, when we get the order the food runner says "beer-battered" tacos. I was surprised and said, "What do you mean? We got Ensenada." He proceeds to say Ensenada is beer-battered. And I'm thinking why the hell are the "beer-battered" tacos described as such and how are patrons supposed to automatically know "Ensenada" is basically the exact same thing? The description should at least have said it was cooked in alcohol as well. Nowhere in the description did it say how it was cooked. Our waitress, Beth, proceeded to act like we should have known better, stating, "What's the problem here?" as she noticed our convo with the runner. The two proceeded to explain the beer gets cooked out of it. Well, excuse us, but that's not the point. My friend is taking Ramadan seriously and was not about to break her vow just because the entree description didn't note the alcohol (but specified it on other items!). After the debate, they proceeded to serve us grilled tacos instead, which were mediocre at best. I was really disappointed considering the place is sold as a bit higher end, especially based on location/atmosphere. To make the experience even better, our guacamole never showed up. And by that time we didn't care, considering our server would probably think it was just us, trying to be difficult. We agreed to make sure there was no charge for it, but when the check came out it was on the receipt. So we brought that up and it was taken off but the whole night felt like a giant screw up of an unworthy meal. And having the waitstaff act like we were being "picky" about the alcohol was uncalled for, especially considering the reason. Disappointing experience, unwelcoming service and inadequately described menu.
4	FABulous! Met a girlfriend for lunch here yesterday. Great location.  Parking garage right next door. The chips served before the meal were okay. Not great. Bean dip pretty good. Salsa quite good.I ordered their beef tacos, it was REALLY good! The meat was tender and cooked perfectly. I don't recall what type of pepper was on it, but the waitress suggested that I get them without it and with the pico sauce on the side (because I'm not a fan of hot spicey). She made the right call, the tacos were perfect without it. I tried the pico sauce and again she was right... even it was too hot spicey for me. I pulled a few of the tomato chunks out to add a nice kick of flavor.I'll be back. Just won't waste my calories on the chips on the front end!
2	If Chipotle served margaritas then this place would be out of business. I was not impressed with anything. The one feature that I liked about the restaurant was part of the building design...the light mist on the outdoor dining. Food flavor was mediocre. Ambiance was eh. Menu selection was limited.
2	I have been into SOL many times and really don't expect too much when I go.  The margaritas have tasted different each time.  Bartenders seem to free pour too much and aren't consistent with one another.  The bartenders however, are very aware and social which is a plus.  I will say that the Naked Guac is really good in addition to the Civeche Sol.  The bar area is a little difficult to get to once people are seated in the restaurant. The bar itself is beautiful and neat but not convenient if you have more than 4 in your party.  The only reason I stayed with 2 stars is because I have not seem a bathroom like this since a college frat party.  There were paper towels all over the ground and the divider for the mens urinal looks like it is about to fall off the wall at any time.  The bathroom is used by staff in addition to patrons so I would think there is an opportunity to have it a little nicer..
2	Sol? Good food with very poor service.  We've been there more than once and each time the service has slipped more than the last.  Why would it take over an hour to prepare a salad?  It's too bad; it once was a fun place to visit.  Now, why should I spend hard earned dollars to wait... and wait... and wait for a meal that is decent.... but nuthin' to write home about?  For good Mexican food there are much better options in the same zip code.
4	Stopped in for a business dinner.  Music was a bit loud but good.  Taco's were good.  They were really busy so you know the food is good and fresh. Good place to eat!
3	This review is for Happy Hour only.The drinks were good. The food was OK. Nice place.
3	We had lunch at SOL and were pleasantly surprised. Our server recommended the special tacos ordered individually. In particular the vampiro. He was right. It was tasty and unique. The meat was tender and the toppings were abundant without being over powering. Our children ordered off the kids menu and were happy with their chicken and cheese tacos and red rice. As a starter you get complimentary tortilla chips and a couple of dips. One dip in particular was quite tasty but garlicky. Overall  a tasty meal and decent service.
5	This place brings back true Mexican cuisine in North Scottsdale. I'm excited to go back because the food and service were outstanding! I wish I remember our servers name so you could request him, but he was from Spain and had two daughters. If you read this I hope you made the trip back brother. Oh and you must have the street corn...unique and delicious. Thanks guys for a great time
4	I like this place, service was good the waiter was great, me and my wife tried the tacos they didn't disappoint. The chavela's were good,  It was a nice place to go have a drink and some tacos .
2	made a last minute reservation here. Everyone we encountered was very friendly and helpful. the atmosphere was fun for a Saturday night, definitely both couples and groups of friends enjoying themselves. however, the food left something to be desired. our tortillas were too chewy/tough to be enjoyable and the fish in the fish tacos was too dense (not flaky). Maybe a good choice for meeting friends for apps and drinks but don't come for just the food.
3	Sol has a great selection of authentic Mexican dishes that aren't just your average taco. I was adventurous and got the grilled quail, a tad over grilled, I tasted a bit more char than bird, but overall very succulent. They also make their own monster tortilla chips at Sol...among things that look better than they taste, but they deserve an E for effort.
5	I absolutely love the ambience and music here. The food is fabulous and so are the drinks. It's dark and cave like but it also has a nice flare to the outdoor bar. The chorizo add chicken with a flour tortilla is the way to go. The guacamole is amazing as well. To top it off there drinks are delicious as well. Get a group of friends and come to sol. I'm yet to meet someone who doesn't love the place.
4	Great central Mexico food. I had the shrimps tacos which are flat out flavor. I have had many dishes here and all are good. Keep in mind, this is not a typical Mexican joint. It is higher in price and unique flavors. Drawback is the chips and salsa, good, just not what I crave. Plus is a very cool vibe and amazing flavors. Also, great margs.
3	They sat us and no one ever showed up to take our order. Even asked for someone to tell a waiter we were there. Nothing.Manager reached out to offer apologies and comp some food. Good to know he is aware of yelp reviews and takes it seriously. We will go back and give them another shot.
4	Solid upscale, inventive Mexican fare in a full-service setting. Complimentary chips and salsas were terrific (one traditional, one looked/tasted like black bean & pepitas). The guac app and elote were also solid. I had the grilled quail - very tasty and fun. Wifey and dining companions enjoyed their fish, veggie tacos and margaritas. Props for having a craft brew (Lagunitas IPA) available. Service was very friendly and reasonably prompt. Only downside was that our meals were brought out about 5 minutes after we ordered. Weird -- made it seem like things were all pre-prepped and/or we were being pushed to turn the table.
4	Everything's really tasty here, especially the cocktails.  I would say everything's a little overpriced though.  But it's north Scottsdale, so what do you expect.As mentioned in other reviews, the vampire taco is legit.  I also liked the blackberry ginger margarita.  Unless you like REALLY spicy food, you might avoid the viper taco.
5	My wife and I the other day went to Sol and it was the best! Food, drinks, and service were all on point and our server Amanda was excellent! Very knowledgeable and upbeat! We had to try the different variations of street tacos because, let's be real, if you're a Mexican restaurant and you can't make delicious street tacos then you may not be in business very long. Our entire meal to say the least was 5 star and we will definitely be back to try some of the other menu items they have to offer!
5	You can find me here at least once a weekend and usually on a Friday night after work with my hubby and some friends wanting to wind down with an amazing margarita. You'd think Arizona would have the margarita down but sadly most places don't but Sol really knows how to make a  fresh margarita on the rocks with fresh fruit and a great basil strawberry martini. I first came here on date night and loved it and we keep coming back for more. The food is really filling so we usually do two a la carte tacos a piece and its perfect plus when you arrive they give you fresh salsa and homemade tosada's.  I get the same thing every time because nothing tops it and there isn't a place in town that can beat these two tacos and yes i've been to the taco festival a few times, the tacos you have to get are the filet and shrimp el jefe and the fish taco gobernador. My husband likes the buffalada and the vampiro, which he actually never strays from and he grew up here so taco wise he is hard to please. Besides the food the environment is very pretty and has nice distilled lighting and what girl doesn't appreciate that. I would get a table outside or a 4 top at the bar and make a reservation as there is always a wait. They're on open table like most so it's super easy.
3	Well, I sort of expected this from Scottsdale.....What can I say? Very nice location with very nice outdoor area. Greeted with smile, promptly seated, and immediate waiter contact. Huge tortilla chips and salsa/black bean dip. Our waiter took his time and went over the menu with us. We went for the Coconut Calamari as an appetizer. It was different, but different good, although we couldn't really taste coconut. Nice big crispy pieces with a creamy dipping sauce. For entrees my wife went with the Hot & Spicy Ceviche. It was very nice and fresh, but still very simple. Served with sweet potato and beet chips, which were a bit salty. I decided on a Shrimp Taco and Taco Vampiro as suggested by our waiter. They were pretty good, but I feel like the shrimp and the steak got lost in the mix of salsa, guacamole, and cheese. Just not what I am used to having eaten as some great Mexican Restaurants. My wife ordered what was supposed to be a Pineapple-Serrano Margarita as we had a $5 off Coupon from our Yelp Check-In. It tasted like a simple Margarita. The Yelp deal is for a Don Julio Margarita which is some of the cheapest Tequila a bar will stock that isn't "Well" Tequila.  Our waiter said he'd see what he can do as this Margarita my wife wanted wasn't a Don Julio Margarita. Now for the rough part! Not like the Cost was a mystery, but moreso a reminder of a mediocre meal that was pretty expensive. Tacos were over $6(something I'd glady pay $3 for at a local taqueria)Ceviche/Calamari, well seafood is expensive. I understand. The Pineapple-Serrano Margarita? $11.50+$1.50=$13 for a small margarita that was nothing special at all. My wife asked about the Yelp deal, he said he forgot. She also mentioned that it didn't even taste like pineapple-Serrano. He came back and had removed $5 and the $1.50(fruit upcharge) so Ok, $6.50 wasn't bad. Not a place I'd go back to, and if you're looking for great Mexican food there are 100s of other choices out there.
4	Always have a lot of fun here. Wife is obsessed with their guacamole and I'm obsessed with their coronaritas! The food portion sizes are mainly on the smaller side for the price but there are a few that are bigger. Their carnitas is top notch so I usually always get it
4	SOL Mexican Cocina gets a deserved strong rating from this Yelper! With a SOL location less than 10 miles from where I live it is funny I had to leave the state to try their brand of Mexican for the first time, bit I am glad I did. I found myself at SOL to attend a business dinner in their backroom with several of co-workers recently and to be fair, the visit was almost entirely positive. The service was both professional and nimble and the kitchen seemed to be firing on all cylinders throughout my meal.The Guacamole SOL was a Tequila laced version of this Mexican favorite and featured mango, goat cheese, pepitas peppered with cilantro.  The mango adds a nice fresh and acidic kick that really calmed down the Tequila's edge. For an entree, I decided on trying the grilled Kobe Skirt Steak which arrived cooked to the perfect medium rare. A "Waygu-style" (read: NOT Kobe) cut ot Skirt Steak is plated along with a cilantro sauce, tomatillo salsa, grilled cebollitas & avocado. I was impressed; the steak was juicy and delicious, something I seem to ever be able to find at Mexican themed establishments. In fact, I was nervous ordering but alas, SOL came through in spades. One area of concern with SOL would be in the mixed drinks department as the Bourbon drinks we a tad weak and the Margarita tasted like something you would get in a red cup on a college campus. I switched to IPA quickly to curb disappointment. SOL Mexican Cocina is one of those 3 to 4 star "tweeners" but I figure the service and fact they actually know how to cook a steak medium rare deserves rounding up.
4	Really top quality Mexican fare and fairly priced. Great location with lots of seating and very nice Happy Hour with a really nice bartender. Get the peel and eat shrimp!
5	This place gets five stars for service. The hostess and bartender were really nice, and our server, Leah, was over the top. We took forever to order because we were so busy talking and happy to see each other we didn't look at the menu for awhile, but she was great about it. My tortllla soup and fish taco were excellent. She also brought us complimentary dessert because we were celebrating a birthday and engagement. The noise level in the restaurant is low enough that you can have a normal conversation and the decor is really relaxing. Prices are reasonable. Highly recommend
2	Nothing special. Bland and just ok. Our party of 7 ordered different items from the menu and we were not impressed at all. I was expecting something better from a $15 burrito or tacos.  I will not go back. 2 stars for the location!
5	We've been to Scottsdale Quarter so many times I've lost count. Been to many of the restraunts there and Keirland. I can't believe we haven't been. In a sea of "me too" Mexican places in Scottsdale Sol stands out and is without question our new fav! Here's why, chips and salsa, they give two different kinds and unlike anything we've ever tasted super gourmet. The menu was extensive but we decided on the two tacos each and I got shrimp tacos that bursted with flavor. More than enough. The margaritas were incredible as well, not the same old tired sweet and sour mix that tastes like Sugar but real fruit juices that comes with the house. To top it off the service was truly amazing 90% of the wait staff and bar tenders in Scottsdale could learn a thing or two from Lauren and Clark. What we thought we just be another ordinary night out turned into us finding our new favorite place. Thanks to Lauren and Clark for the amazing recommendations and experience. We'll be back soon to try some of the Clase Azul and Don Julio 1942.
5	We discovered Sol Cocina last February when we came out to Scottsdale for a short getaway and LOVED it. We came back to Phoenix this week and knew we had to come back. First the food was incredible. Creative pairings and unique tastes to everything, make this a wonderful  experience that is not  your typical Mexican restaurant. The soup was so good, the grilled corn was unbelievably good (still craving more of that) and everything we ordered was delicious.Most importantly was the service we had from Leah. She was friendly and welcoming from the moment we sat down and made this a great dining experience that will have to hold us until we return to Phoenix again.
5	We were early for a meeting with a friend, so we sat at the outside bar. The bartender suggested a Black Ginger Margarita and it was outstanding. She went on her way and the replacement tender  came in. He seemed cocky in his mannerism and shit talking. He made me another one and I couldn't choke it down. What happened? Our friends arrived and we were seated immediately. We had some catching up to do, so we weren't in a hurry. We had two servers that came back 4 times for our dinner order. I think one was in training. I was getting the warm and fuzzy from all the attention. Right! Once we received our meals the cricket sound started. I ordered a Kobe steak as well as my buddy. Be were both taken aback by the size of our meals. We are not categorized as small people and were expecting something a little more our size. Mine was delicious though. As we were eating I noticed that we all had seen the bottom of our glasses and that no one has been back to we if we needed anything. Our friends husband got up and went to the bar to get himself a drink. I wasn't paying attention to the color of his head, but it was red and he was pissed. After we finished our meals the manager walks by and looks directly at me and asks how everything was? As she was talking I was gently pointing across the table to my friend who was clearly ready to snap her in two. He explained the situation. We were courted until we said yes, and then left at the alter. She apologized several times and all of a sudden we had the two tenors gushing all over us. Then he dropped off our check. The manager came back and asked why we didn't order dessert. We weren't asked. She lost it! Then she came back with a menu and insisted on comping our dessert. No one wanted it, and when she put the menu in front of my buddy he finally gave in. This my friends is where it gets good! They bring out the Chocolate bread pudding with whip cream on top. But the problem was. The picture showed a big scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. As it was explained to us. The menu is from their Newport Beach location and they do not have a freezer specifically dedicated to ice cream at this local. Well. That is why my friend ordered it, and then got into another tussle with the manager because you can't show a picture and then get served something else. I fully agree and if that was the case. The server should have said something as well as having an addendum to the menu. This is were the five stars comes in.  All of a sudden, a bowl appears out of nowhere piled high with vanilla scoops! That is exactly what I would have done to take care of the customer and make them happy. For all of those born in the new millennia. That is what you call "Customer Service". It's a rare site and should be appreciated when encountered. Cheers to SOL and their understanding of what it takes to turn sour grapes into champagne!
5	First of all I love their location. They are located in the middle of all my favorite stores. But the food here is great. They do happy hour 7 days a week. Service is excellent. The corn is a must try. The place is also very new and hip.
2	If I could give the food four stars and the service one star, I would. That being said, perhaps I went into this restaurant on a bad day. Initially, the service was great and our waiter, Rodrigo was certainly trying his best, but the dining experience fell short and the horrible service was a distraction from the great food. At one point, I had to wait fifteen minutes to have my glass of water refilled as I tried to catch the attention of a waiter and watched the table next to us have their glasses refilled twice. To say the least, the experience was odd. For such a nice (and moderately expensive restaurant) a couple of the servers had terrible adequate. Personally, I go out to eat for the entire experience. If I had wanted good food, I could've made it for myself at home...dining out should be about more than just an expensive meal and attractive decor. I don't think I would go back if given the choice. Ultimately, despite the good food, SOL Cocina left a bad taste in my mouth.
5	Taco Tuesday deals are delicious!  Naked guac, carnitas tacos, I added a side of quinoa and sweet corn too.  Plenty of options for all types of eaters and can adjust spice on everything.  Prices are very reasonable and service was outstanding!
