1	What is all the hype about with this place?I had the Italian sandwich.  There was way too much bread on it and there was no lettuce.  The flavor was off.I would rather eat at Quiznos or Jimmy Johns.
4	I love the prices. I had the chicken sandwich with avocado and bacon. I thought it was great! I would def get it again. The quality of chicken was much better than other fast food sandwich companies. The bread was tasty too. If you are fed up with the prices for food on the strip, you'll love this place. Negatives: you have drive over to the Palms, find a place to park and walk inside which isn't very convenient at times.  Also, its part of the food court which leaves some people wanting a more authentic experience.
4	newly located in the palms, Earl of Sandwich has a very large selection of sandwiches and chips.  I got the Caprese (you can add chicken for $1.99 extra) which was tasty.  Perfect place for a quick bite!
4	we had the earl club and chipotle chicken club with a drink for 16 on a Saturday afternoon.- convenient! rather than go to PH, just come here. no line - seating filled. we sat on a slot machine chair.. :(- love the bread. I think this is what makes it really great!- NO TABASCO!? maybe PH is better. lol- Earl tea is really bitter. tea and lemonade. don't get it.
3	Decent. Sandwiches were kind of small. Not terrible though. Frozen lemonade was pretty tasty though.
4	Ok so was craving a good sandwich and decided to check out the Palms Hotel & casino EOS location.I decided on the Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich as is only around for a limited time as advertised. It consist of grilled chicken strips, chipotle sauce, avocado, cheddar cheese and lettuce. This sandwich was kick ass of course along with my side of coleslaw. My sweetie got the "Original" Freshly Roast Beef, Sharp Cheddar & Creamy Horseradish Sauce and a side of potato salad. He really enjoyed this sandwich and commented that the mayo/horseradish mix sauce was the perfect compliment to the sandwich. This location is smaller and does not have it's own eating space as it is shared seating with the food court. I don't really care where I sit as long as I have my sandwich, the location is better though. This location is easy to get in and out of, the Planet Hollywood hotel & casino is a real pain in the ass to be quite frank!I am happy because this EOS is closer to my house and I can avoid going to the Las Vegas strip. Any sandwich you order is guaranteed good! The bread of course is a real winner along with the fresh and tasty ingredients!Enjoy!
4	ive been eating this place just about everyday at the palms since they opened (alright i lied, multiple times a day) its really quite good and so much better than whats available 24 hours there. (mcdonalds, mexican and a overpriced below average diner) the only thing is i wish there sandwiches were bigger. there more like a snack then a meal- never the less there good.
5	I love earl of sandwiches! They have another location inside the Planet Hollywood Casino. The original and the full montague are the best sandwiches. Potato salad is great as well. Make sure to come early if you are going to the Planet Hollywood Casino location because there is a long line. The one at the Palms Casino is better because there's no line. You will not be disappointed because everything is delicious!
5	I absolutely love Earl's! This is a must have when you're in Vegas. I've had the Cannonballs, Hawaiian BBQ, Caribbean Jerk Chicken, Bacon, Egg 'n' Cheddar and the Chipotle Chicken Avacado. All of them we're scrumptious!!! Except for the Hawaiian one because pineapple in hot food is weird. My favorite so far has been the Chipotle Chicken Avacado. If you come here and get a salad or soup... GET OUTTA VEGAS! Who comes to Earl of SANDWICH and gets a salad or soup? The sandwiches are out of this world. Best sandwich drunk or sober. Pair it with a Fat Tuesday down the mall and it's druken heaven! It's cheap and don't be scared by the long line... it moves as fast as the speed of light! I can't wait to take another bite of heaven when I'm back in Vegas!
4	Went to earl at the planet hollywood resort. I had the Italian sub, very fresh but I found it somewhat plain but saving grace was Sarah's (my wife's) sandwich which was the turkey and cranberry (the all American). It was and amazing and Heavenly. Looking forward to going back. This place puts faith back in sandwiches and even waiting for your personal light buzzer to go off to tell you your order is ready puts the 21century trend to the boring sandwich shops.
5	Me likey the Earl of Sandwich.  Not only do they use extremely high quality roast beef, but I've been here at 4:30 AM and they still serve up their great sandwiches even at that hour of the morning.  High quality stuff, and very consistent.  A welcome addition to the Palms food court.
4	I've been a decent fan of this place since my aunt showed it to me at Planet Hollywood a couple years ago.  We always go there when she stays at that casino, so it's nice that they've put in another location.  They make great sandwiches, and for cheap, so on the strip it's a huge draw.  Off the strip, it's not as much of a draw as there's other cheap options around.  If they put another location by my house, then I might be going a bit more often.  But if I find myself looking for a quick bite and I'm at the Palms (it happens a lot), I'll be hitting up Earl of Sandwich no problem.
5	Was craving some actual food and went with the turkey club. It was delicious! I like the fact they used thousand island instead of mayo. Will definitely eat here again
5	HOLY KICK ASS SAMMICHES BATMAN!!  Sadly we only had time to eat here once but I could have lived on their sanwhiches.  Delish!!  Tuna melt, wonderful; BLT, amazing!! The bacon was so good!  Dont pass this place up.
5	as good as it gets for a fast food sandwich place. this location is located inside the palms hotel food court. my favorite sandwich is the club. their tomato soup is excellent as well. will come back for sure on our next trip to vegas.
4	There were a few initial hiccups at this location, mostly likely due to it being a new location and employees getting acclimated. They are all ironed out now that Ive been a few times. It is nice for a quick lunch. The food is good, the prices are slightly high compared to other sub shops and the portions are on the smaller side. The quality and taste make up for a small premium they charge though. More bread options would be nice but the sandwiches are well balanced in flavor  anyway. .  I usually get the Caprese and it is light and full of flavor.  Right next door to the Coffee bean Tea Leaf near the side entrance from main parking garage. Part of their food court and across from the Sports Book.
5	The orginal. Warm roast beef, melting cheese and a perfectly toasted bun. Just the right combination of chewy and crunchy. Meaty, melty deliciousness.
5	So I went to go see Looper earlier tonight and I was still debating what I should get to eat since I was feeling hungry, at the time I didn't know they just added an E.o.S. at the Palms, the food options were alright but you can practically find them around every corner, I just wanted something out of the norm with great taste. I think my heart skipped a beat when I found out there was an earl of sandwich inside, granted there's a sign right outside but I was wearing a baseball cap to even notice it... but anyways...Surprisingly it wasn't packed. The service was quick and the cashier was very attentive. Everyone was busy, the place was neat and clean. Usually it takes a while with places that have the pager callers but this place was fast!I got the Earl club and it was delicious, earl sauce wasn't over bearing and just blended perfectly, not to mild or high, just a little above medium taste. Lettuce, tomatoes were fresh and crunchy, meat wasn't salty and had that authentic turkey taste, bacon was also crispy and wasn't soggy or soft. I definitely know what my choice is from now on when I go to the Palms. The best thing is that the sandwiches are wrapped for...well you know, in case you wanna eat it somewhere else later ^^. Downside still is that there isn't really any bread options but the bread is perfectly toasted just right to where you won't even really care anymore. I didn't see any hot sauce but it's my fault for not asking and I wouldn't put tobasco bottles on the tables where people can easily take'em and it's really not a problem at all, besides these sandwiches taste great with or without the hot sauce.I knew I should of stopped by again before I left to go home, i'm starting to feel hungry again. Going to this place is way more convenient than going to P.H., parking and walking for a while to get to E.o.S. but either way, whether it be P.H. or at the Palms it's worth it and you might as well get 3 or 4 sandwiches while you're at it. Best part is that it's open 24 hours.
4	The same quality as the one on the Strip without the huge wait. Bonus! We shared a couple of hot sandwiches before going to bed, probably a good decision based on drinking all day... Not really a destination if you aren't at the Palms or staying at Palm's Place like we were. Overall, very tasty.
3	Long line but what do you expect in Vegas? The food was good and there are a lot of places to sit down so it wasn't bad for our big group.  I ordered a turkey sandwich and it really tasted good.  My friends were happy with their choices also :)
5	Best sandwiches - end of story. They have about 12 types to choose from. Tried most of them and their all good. Love the home made bread. They use a system like Quiznos - the sandwiches go on a conveyor belt to get toasted (but much better). They also have a great Asian chicken salad which I usually get with a sandwich. They also serve breakfast sandwiches that are equally good. Been to Earl's in Florida and Vegas and both are amazing. The best part is these amazing sandwiches are only $6 - $7 in tourist areas where prices are normally elevated.Amazing - you must try this place...
5	Tried:The Full Montagu (10/10) - meat was super moist and veggies were very fresh. This was my favorite sandwich here.The Original (8/10) - really good, but coulda used more horseradish. I highly recommend this if ur a meat kinda person, love philly cheesesteaks, and enjoy horseradish.Tuna Melt (7/10) - this was really good, but i wish they woulda put some veggies in it.  it's literally tuna, cream sauce, cheese, and bread.  it's delicious, but i'm probably NOT gonna order it again if the Full Montagu is still around.
4	I got my Earl of Sandwich buy one, get one free sandwich offer for my birthday and had to come redeem it. My favorite sandwich there is the classic Earl of Sandwich, roast beef with cheese and horseradish. So tasty and fantastic. The service was very friendly here and quite efficient as well. They were pretty busy, but they were still able to get everyone served in a good amount of time. When I finally got my order and headed out, the cashier shouted to me "Happy Birthday." So nice of her to remember. This is a good addition to the Palms food court.
5	I had the club sandwich and it was great.  I just love the bread.  It's light and toasty.  I can't stand sandwiches such as Togos.  The bread is way to consuming.  I understand that they'll be opening an Earl of Sandwiches in Anaheim at Downtown Disney.  I'll have to check it out when they open.
5	Half the size of the Earl at PH but all the same yummy sandwiches and other menu items. I will be going to this one from now on. THE best sandwiches. Everything's good. Never had a bad meal at the Earl!
3	I always hear from everyone and their mamas how good earls is and I honestly didn't experience the magic of these sandwiches that every is mystified about. They're nice and warm and that's about it. My favorite part of the sandwich - the bread.
5	Beyond delicious...perfectly balanced sandwich, the line went quickly, and the prices were good. I will definitely be coming back.
3	Ever since my first visit at the original Earl at the Miracle Mile, I always made it a tradition to stop by and get a sandwich or two.And just walking by at the Palms casino, I was thrilled that this place opened up.They still have great sandwiches. Got two on my visit here.But, the amenities are lacking at this branch as compared to the one at the Miracle Mile mall. These guys don't serve alcohol and they don't have condiments (mustard, hot sauce, etc) on the tables.Now these are the same condiments that add the zing to the sandwich and to me, it does make a difference. You can still get the great sandwiches here, but again, none of the fancy condiments or alcohol here.An advantage of coming here is that there is virtually no wait in line as compared to the Miracle Mile branch.
3	I've had some good sandwiches in my time.  Places in San Francisco, San Diego, Los Angeles, New York. Earl of Sandwich, a little bit of a disappointment.  It might be unfair because the sandwich is definitely good, but it doesn't compare to places like Ike's Place, etc.  I had the Original and the Chipotle Chicken, both which were pretty good.  It just didn't wow me the way that I thought that a place with this many reviews would.  It's definitely the best I've had in Las Vegas though.  I'll always stop by when I'm in Sin City.  But for it being as great as reviews have suggested?  I can't go that far.
5	Wrote a  long review for the planet Hollywood location. Basically I had the Albacore with cheddar at this one.Food is outstanding can't go wrong with either location. The Palms location is not as busy,so you get your food a little faster, but the food is still right on time. In Vegas you can't beat the quality for the price $6 to $8 dollarsEnjoy
5	A coworker and I came to Earl of Sandwich during a break from our company's All Hands Meeting.  We needed some good breakfast grub and boy did we get it here!I got the mixed berries parfait, Kona coffee blend and the sausage breakfast sandwich for around 10 bucks.  First off, YUM to Kona coffee, even if it's a blend.  I'm from Kona and love Kona coffee, even if it's a blend.  We're here in Las Vegas and anywhere I can get Kona coffee, I'll take it.  The parfait was sweet and tart.  The berries weren't overly sour and really complimented the vanilla yogurt.  So good.  And then there's the sausage breakfast sandwich.  Served in a ciabatta sandwich this meal was amazing!  Definitely as good as it gets, I would recommend this place day in and day out!!!P.S., for some reason, I think it's really funny how they give you a buzzer to signal when your food is ready.  LOL.
3	I was at the Palms yesterday and decided to have lunch in the food court.  I haven't eaten at an Earl of Sandwich before so this was mt chance to try something new.I ordered an Earl's Club made with turkey, bacon, swiss cheese, with lettuce, tomato and their sandwich sauce.  I got a bag of chips and a medium drink.  After ordering, you're given a buzzer and you can stand around or have a seat in the food court.  When the buzzer goes off, you walk to the pick up area and get your sandwich.  While the club was good, this is not a stop for which I'd drive to.  There are many other choices close to home that are as good or better than the Earl.  It was A-OK.
3	So on my recent stay at Palm's Place, I had the opportunity to eat at Earl's twice. Love the fact that this place is open 24 hours. (Great alternative instead of eating McD's or Panda at the food court.) First Visit:Ordered the Tuna Melt. Was not disappointed. Tasted like the same Tuna Melt I had at Planet Hollywood's Earl's. Delicious!Second Visit:Wanted to order the breakfast sandwich during the morning since the picture was so tempting. Go up to order, they no longer serve it anymore. Why do they still have the picture up?! *angryface* Ordered the chicken tortilla soup instead. Terrible. Tasted nothing like a chicken tortilla soup. It was more like a stew. No tortilla in sight. Flavor was just whatever. Definitely don't get this!Overall, would eat here again. But only the sandwiches.
4	I have never been here so I didn't know which signature sandwich to choose. I've always liked the story of Romeo and Juliet so I chose the Montague. It was made with roast beef, turkey, aged Swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, Roma tomatos, and mustard sauce. The sandwich tasted really good! I was afraid that having more than one type of meat would make it salty but this was not the case. The sandwich is wrapped in gold foil....when I opened it I couldn't help but say,"I found the golden ticket!". I'm glad that Earl of Sandwich is opened 24 hours inside The Palms.
5	OMG...this place is the bomb! This place is phenomenal...We were lucky to have this place open 24 hours. It doesn't matter what you order...your sandwich will be pretty darn great. For limited time only, they also have the Holiday sandwich that is stacked with shaved turkey, gravy, Stuffing and topped off with the perfect amount of cranberry sauce.
4	Stopped by for dinner before seeing Penn & Teller at the Rio last week. It was my first visit to this location, so I was surprised to see such a small one in a food court. Great sandwiches as usual, though. Can't go wrong with their Ham & Swiss.
3	Located inside the mall area of Planet Hollywood, it's a alternative to fast food places at the hotel food courts.  Service was surprisingly fast for a place that forces you through a counter and then make you wait for your good.  Limited seating so take it to go if you're visiting at peak hours - it's a sandwich, you can walk and eat.  Panini is the word of the day!  I'm not a big fan of pressed sandwiches but I did enjoy the full platter that didn't skimp on any of the ingredients.  While there's nothing that stands out on the menu that would make me do a special trek, it is a relatively good place to grab a bite if you're not interested in spending too much or eating too much in Vegas.  The soups are hot and hearty enough for a meal if you're looking for something lighter than a sandwich.  The portions are big.  Ladies: I was share if I were you.  Gentlemen: you won't go away hungry.
4	I ate the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich.  It was delicious.  I would recommend it if your taste buds enjoy the tropical flavor of pineapple!  The pineapples were not from a can and that's always a plus!
3	Good faded, not so much regular.  I do appreciate any value you can find on the strip and this place sure is value.  Overall this place is good but from all the reviews i was expecting greatest sandwich of all time type stuff.  I guess that's why sometimes hype can be just that.
1	Came here to get a breakfast sandwich at around 9:50 and was standing there waiting for about 15 minutes before any of the workers turned around and acknowledged my presence. When they finally did, a guy had walked up to where the register was and the girl working there walked over to him and took his order. I hadn't seen the register, so apparently I was standing in the wrong place & was completely ignored. Since I was starving, I went and stood behind the guy ordering and waited until he was done. When it was my turn I ordered one of the breakfast sandwiches and the girl goes "We stop serving breakfast at 10." At this point, I had to stop myself from cussing her out & swinging at her. She was so rude & had the worst attitude! It is not my fault that she hates her job!! Instead I let her know as calmly as I could that I had been waiting for over 15 minutes and that she can take that sandwich and shove it up her *expletive*.NEVER AGAIN!
2	Ya, I can't get over the sheer hype this place had from everyone who wrote glorious remarks claming this was the best sandwich shop in the world. For $5.99 I got the jerk chicken sandwich and it was no where near as good as I hoped it would be. Ya, I can't recommend this place.
5	Let me start by wiping the drool off my face just thinking about these sandwiches!I love this place, I'm usually a creature of habit so I usually get the Tuna Melt, cheddar instead of swiss, lettuce and tomato on the side. I'm going to be honest with you... you could probably make me a dirt sandwich as long as it comes out on the delicious, warm bread they make all of their sandwiches with. It's kind of pricey for a sandwich but it's well worth it. I need one now...
4	This is one of our favorite sandwich spots because of the bread and tasty ingredients!We are at Palms Hotel and Casino quite often as we see a lot of movies at their movie theater so of course we stop here for a nice treat.Our latest visit my boyfriend decided on the cannonball which is meatballs, cheese and marinara and I got the tuna melt! I like that they use albacore tuna for this sandwich as it makes a big difference as I prefer Albacore at all cost. This is one of the most tasty tuna melts I have had and I am already craving my next visit to enjoy this sandwich again.The bread and the very good ingredients is what makes their sandwiches a hit with so many of us EOS fans!I have tried many of their Signature sandwiches such as the Hawaiian, cannonball, turkey and cheese, tuna melt, chipotle chicken avocado, The Original and the turkey dinner sandwich they featured for a limited time in November that was a winner! It was not as good as the famous Bobby at Capriotti's however it hit the spot. The last two visits we made we used our buy one get one free coupon from the 2013' Entertainment guide. I was so happy and shocked when I saw them listed in the book so that meant two free sandwiches for us, awww yeah!My boyfriend and I will be back many times over to enjoy a sandwich and their yummy brownies!
5	My favorite sandwich shop in Las Vegas in now much more convenient. Good for my taste buds, but bad for my waistline. As much as I love Earl of Sandwich, the Planet Hollywood location was just too inconvenient. If I was already in Planet Hollywood, then I'd make sure to make a stop at Earl. However, it was never worth going out of my way for. As locals already know, it's best to avoid the Strip at all costs. Problem now solved.This new location in the Palms makes it easy to park, grab a sandwich, and get out quickly. My usual is the All American. Roasted turkey, buttermilk ranch, cranberries, sharp cheddar cheese, lettuce, and roma tomatoes. *Homer drool*
5	Fast and so goood!! Got the chipotle chicken avocado. Yum!  At around $7 for a hot sandwich, it was one of the best deals i've gotten in Vegas.  The service was speedy and quick and they give you a pager to let you know when your sandwich is ready.  Perfect if you want to walk away and grab a coffee at Peets coffee next to it.
4	Probably the best sandwich place there is. Open 24 hours. I recently visited the one in Disneyland and the quality is the same. The BBQ chicken sandwich is highly recommended.The wait can be a little extended.
3	Everyone and their mamas always rave about Earl of Sandwich, so I finally decided to see what the big deal was all about. I decided to go to the Palms location since it seemed more convenient (and I assumed there wouldn't be that big of a difference in quality). There was a huge Earl of Sandwich sign right near one of the entrances, but it took us awhile to realize that Earl of Sandwich was in the food court area, right next to the movie theater. We got the club, the tomato soup and a caprese salad. For some reason I thought the sandwich was going to be bigger and messier since most people I know have it when they are drunk. I was surprised that the sandwich was more reasonably sized and not ginormous like Bay Area sandwiches that I'm used to (Mr. Pickles, Ike's, Little Lucca's). Sandwich had a good crisp and good flavor, but I did think it was a bit over-priced in comparison to other aforementioned sandwich places I've frequented. There wasn't too much meat and for $7/sandwich, I guess I just expected more. The tomato soup maybe was also a bit hyped up for me because it did seem overly salted and just like spaghetti sauce.  I'm glad we ordered the salad since the soup and sandwich definitely weren't enough for two people. I'll try it out again if I'm in the area or have guests that are curious about it, but I don't think I'll go out of my way again to order... and I really shouldn't wait so long and let so much hype build when it comes to food places, oh well.
5	UMMM. YES. For about $7 for one of their premium hot sandwiches, I don't know why anyone would go across the Palms food court and pay around the same price for McDonalds (nothing wrong with good ol' Mickey D's but Earl's is THAT amazing). I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ and the boyfriend ordered the Chicken Chipotle Avocado. The BBQ sauce in the Hawaiian BBQ is super tangy and compliments well with the chicken, ham and pineapple. Definitely hit the spot after a two and half hour long movie. The Chicken Chipotle Avocado wasn't cheap in their portion of avocados. But the star of both sandwiches were the bread! Soft, warm, perfect amount of crunch...the whole shabang. Super happy this location opened up. I can avoid terrible Vegas traffic on the strip to go get me a sandwich in Planet Hollywood.
4	I love love love earls. I love that its 24 hours, I love all the sandwiches and I love that the service is quick. I always try to stop here ATLEAST once when I'm in Vegas. The bread is never soggy too! Always crunchy!
4	Earl is a great place for sandwiches especially late night when you are drunk. If you happen to visit this place after a club or bar, I would recommend the tuna melt it will hit all you taste buds( I dont even like tuna).
4	Located inside Palms food court, this will be a much better choice than your McDs and fake Italian spots.  Plus they are 24hrs!These are great sandwiches, grilled and hot panini style almost.  The sizes are fair, but if you got a huge appetite, order two or get some sides.People go crazy over the meatballs, and I gave it a go this time around.  I have to say, I like the other options better.  It wasn't bad, just not my favorite choice. Give it a go!
4	Considering the options in the food court at the palms, this is most likely your best bet...unless, of course, you're hammered and you want mcdonalds or pizza or (gasp) panda express.They make everything as you order it, so you're not gona get some nasty limp salad thats been sitting there for three hours.
4	I've heard of the Earl of Sandwich at PH and how amazing it is, so I was pleasantly surprised to see one here at the Palms.  It was a Saturday afternoon after hours of debauchery at GBDC and we were starving so this was perfect.  I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and corn chowder.  My friends ordered the BLT and Italian, as well as a cup of broccoli cheddar soup.  My wrap was just okay.  There wasn't enough chicken and too much lettuce, but both of my friends sandwiches were so delicious.  They are known for their sandwiches so I will just stick to that next time I come.  With no line, it took about 15-20 minutes to get our food after we ordered so it's not exactly SUPER fast food, but it was worth the wait.
4	We had the tuna melt and the chipotle chicken. Both were excellent. The service was very friendly and quick.
4	Earl of sandwich..... some cheap yet tasty sandwiches! These sandwiches might be a little small, but they pack quite a punch of taste! I usually eat 1 1/2 to 2 sandwiches every time I go. My personal favorites and recommendations are the Italian and the Hawaiian. I love the bread! It's always nice and fresh, and they toast it just enough so that the bread is a little crunchy when you bite into it. The bread also has a little bit of a chewy texture, similar to that of a french or sourdough bread. The ingredients they put into their sandwiches are fresh as well, and they're in the appropriate proportions. No one ingredient is too strong or too much that it masks the flavors of everything else. I would definitely visit again because it's a quick and light meal. It's also easy on the wallet for being in Vegas. The wait is kind of ridiculous for a sandwich, so I suggest getting before or after the lunch rush or you'll be waiting in line for about 45 minutes to 1 hour or even longer.
3	While I might be apt to give a location a break.... I must say that the food here has been excellent, but the service on my last visit was less than spectacular. It seems that because they were having troubles with their soda fountain, that hey felt they didn't need to provide good customer service during a lunch rush. I don't care about the soda fountain I care that my phone order was not available for pickup because I had to wait behind 10 people in line to pay for my food that was already waiting. Only one register was open and serving all customers. When I mentioned to the manager that he should have more registers open, he got upset that the fountain wasn't working and my impatience. 12 minutes to pay for the food that was ready for pick up because the manager cannot deal with common issues with calm resolve. Deal with the crap that happens, and still provide great service, or get a different occupation. Welcome to the restaurant industry, things break, fix it, call for service, or etc...but smile and provide great service. I didn't break the soda fountain, again I didnt care, but I was wanting my food as promised, without having the wait.
4	I am a fan, we have been coming here ever since we discovered this 3 years ago. I like the "Montagu" sandwich , which is a roast beef with cheese and other stuff.What sets them apart from the other sandwich places is their "Bread".
4	Just what wanted. Tasty!
3	Bought these sandwiches when they were warm/freshly made, but didn't eat them right away! Ended up chowing these sammies down after they'd been in the fridge overnight :( Re-heated them, and they tasted all right. I guess they would've been a lot better if they were obviously eaten asap, but even so, I think these sandwiches are slightly overhyped. They taste good, but not amazingly good. I'd be down to try 'em again---this time, hot off the press.I tried the Montague, The Original, and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. Out of all 3, I liked the Caribbean the most! Very flavorful, not too spicy. Will get that next time, and try others, probably at the Disneyland location since it's closer. Overall---Fast service, prices are very decent for largely portioned 'wiches, and HUGE plus that it's open 24/7 I believe!
4	Great food here.  Love the sandwiches and the place is perfect for a late night snack as they are open 24 hours.  The prices aren't crazy like most strip restaraunts so you can save a few bucks as well.
1	Changed the lines again, did not coordinate with signs listed above registers. Manager was not interested in customer feedback. Having 2 managers on shift is obviously the problem, they cannot seem to manage it get the work done either
3	Let's hold the phone here for a minute people-- solid sandwich place? Yeah I'm with you.   Best sandwich in Las Vegas? Not even close, bub.This particular location gets a fair amount of late night traffic. I can't deny that yours truly was out with some friends enjoying the Ghostbar and Moon before stopping by for a sandwich at 3:30. Very cool that they are open so late. I agree with other reviewers-- this is probably your best option in the surrounding food court so go for it if it's there.I ordered a soup for my friend and got myself an All-American. It seems to be a popular choice, and is a direct competitor of The Bobble, or as it is known by some patrons, the Thanksgiving sub at Capprioti's. You'll taste a hint of sweet cranberry sauce and fair amount of turkey, and a rich creamy ranch. The flavors certainly complement each other  well but it's far from the most memorable sandwich in vegas. The price is pretty reasonable and I think they are a good value. Worth stopping by if you are enjoying a late evening at the Palms, but let's not get carried away with the accolades.
5	I LOVE their sandwiches. My boyfriend who used to live in  FL kept raving about it before I ever tried them and I was like, "geez, it's just a sandwich shop". But damn. We finally went to the one @ The Palms and now I wish it was them instead of Subway's at every corner. I think for me what sets them apart is the amount/ quality of the filling, but more than anything, especially the BREAD.I'm usually just "meh" with sandwiches, I'd usually go for a rice dish or fried chicken or anything else over a plain old sandwich, but since we first tried it I've contemplated with increasing regularity if I can drive from my office in Mountain's Edge to the Palms and back within my one hour lunch break... it's that good. It's mostly the bread. Most sandwich places have a this light, cheap-feeling, so-so crust bread (think Subway or Firehouse subs... sorry, fans out there). Even Capriotti's could do better except they microwave their hot sandwiches and you end up with a soggy crust. Quizno's is the closest to their bread but E. of S.'s bread is slightly dense, with a outer crust that stays just crisp enough for your teeth to crackle through but not so hard that it tears up the roof of your mouth (Yes you know what I'm talking about, we've all been there). SO FREAKING GOOD. My only gripe is that I wish they offered fries, but then again it's a sandwich shop not a burger joint. I want one now.
2	No wheat bread option!  And I don't like their white bread either.
4	glad there are 2 locations in vegas b/c we were way closer to palms than ph! =) yum yum good as alwayz and no lines! awesome =)
5	Oh man am I craving one of their sandwiches right now!  Earl of Sandwich serves fresly made toasted sandwiches at a reasonable price.  This location is located at the Palms Resort and Casino and given the other choices at the property, you really can't go wrong with this place.  My personal favorite is the Original 1762.  It comes with roast beef, cheddar and horseradish sauce.  Pretty simple and definitely hits the spot.  I had this sandwich three times during my last visit in Vegas!  My other favorite is the Full Montagu - roastbeef, turkey, Swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce.  Dang...I wish they had one of these in Hawaii where I'm from!
3	I am a bit at a loss as to why it took 20 minutes for me to get one sandwich when there was no one else eating there; the seating also SUCKS out loud at the Palms food court, I had to stand there like an idiot waiting for a table even longer than I had to wait for the sandwich.All that said, the sandwich was AMAZING. Just know you will endure some B.S. to get it.
4	I usually come to this Palms location when I'm not working as it's near the exits and parking lot; as opposed to Planet Hollywood's location that's hard to get to.I had been craving corn chowder for the last couple weeks and was UBER excited to see that they had it, including a whole soup menu!Got my usual tuna melt to dip into the corn chowder; and sadly, the corn chowder was so-so. But, my boyfriend's chicken tortilla soup was delicious.I've tried their mac and cheese (DELISH!) and tomato soup (ahhh-maaaaze!)I'd really like to try their butternut squash soup.
1	Go to the one at Planet Hollywood. Completely different sandwich. I got mostly tendons and there is such little cheese you can even see it. I complained and they put some extra cheese but the sandwich was so stringy I could even eat it. All fat and I couldn't chew it. Really disgusting I ended up just throwing it away. Planet Hollywood the sandwich was great way longer line but definitely way better food. This sandwich is something I would have fed my dog. Don't eat here
4	Solid. Fresh and delicious. Get the original! The beef is delicious.
4	My hubby and I truly like the sandwiches at EOS as they are always fresh with flavorful ingredients and the bread is just fantastic!My favorite is the tuna melt as it is made with white albacore tuna and Swiss that is oozing melted goodness with every bite!My sweetheart likes The Full Montagu which has Roasted beef, turkey, Swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce.He is also a fan of sandwiches and with their bread and filling combinations you just can't go wrong!This location is convenient for us as they are located inside of the Palms hotel and casino food court in which we pass on our way to the movies!
4	I tried the Earls in PH. It's always packed there. Although I was staying at PH, I was at Palms for spa. I saw Earls sign outside, and on my way out spotted it in the food court. Of course I had to get one of their sandwiches. I got chipotle chicken avocado which was oh so yummy. Last time I had the tuna melt, and it was good, but personally Chicken was better. Yummy~
5	I regularly stay at ph and this place couldn't be more convenient.  Easily one of the top 10 deals in Vegas.  Cheap prices, high quality taste, and the key is 24 hours.  I'm sure there might be a better sandwich out there, but the location and quality is unbeatable here.  Montagu, earl club, Italian, chipotle chicken avocado, all outstanding.  Excellent menu
4	If you like toasted sandwiches and you are around the neighborhood, check this place out! This location is the closest to my house.  It is fairly accessible, located inside the Palms Casino food court.We ordered the Earl's Club Sandwich and Chipotle Chicken Club.  Both are toasted sandwiches and taste very good.  The bread is fairly thick (I'm watching my carbs, so that was the only downside for me).  Both sandwiches were just about $7.00 each so they are comparable to Quiznos or Subway footlong prices, not overly pricey given it's inside a casino location.Staff was friendly and overall a clean location.  I'll definitely visit again.
3	My buddy and I had sandwiches here on Sun/14 Jul about 8 pm.- Open 24/7, conveniently located in the Palms Casino food court- Friendly, fast service- The sandwich I had was fine so based on food I'd give them 3-stars.
5	If you are looking for a fast food time sandwich shop that still maintains it's quality this is the spot!  Open 24 hours and serves breakfast items as well!Most sandwiches/salads are between $5-$8.I used to eat here one to two times a day due to how close I lived and have tried pretty much everything on the menu... the only qualms I have is I don't like their olives.  Everything else is tasty!For newcomers the "All-American" and "Full Montagu" are a must but if you like spicy the "Caribbean Jerk" is where it's at!  Salads are excellent as well and if you have access to a microwave, definitely heat up their pastries before eating them.This franchise will start to be seen more and more at a quicker rate, fast food needs to take a healthier route like this place does so well.Must try!
5	I spent three weeks in Las Vegas for poker tournaments, and I more of less subsisted on a steady diet of Earl of Sandwich items.  It is without a doubt one of the top 5 best sandwich places I have ever been to.My personal favorites are the chipotle chicken with avocado (ask for extra chipotle sauce, it is really delicious, creamy, and not too spicy), the all-american (the cranberry adds a really nice touch if you like some sweet in your sandwich), and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich (for you spice lovers)The sandwiches are extremely well priced (between $5 and $7), but they are not particularly big.  I generally accompany the sandwich with some sort of snack.  The size is a little strange for me, as if I eat 2 (which is totally doable), I feel like I ate a bit too much, but just one doesn't fully satisfy me.
5	Holiday Turkey! This place has no lines so if you don't mind coming off the strip, come to this location insitead.
4	When you are in Vegas, You got to get Earl. It was great that this opened very early for breakfast. Cheap and delicious eat. Stick with the classics like Montagu and Tuna.
1	I didn't think it was true that the portions of meat were rediculous but sure enough..  They only put 3 oz. of meat on their sandwhiches I opened mine it I thought to myself, I'm better off going to the NICE Subway on Warm Springs and Buffalo.  Atleast they give you more than a slice of each meat and more toppings.  I could of made this at home for the price I paid I expected a little more. The only reason we came here was because we're locals and had food comps from the casino, buy a PREMIUM sandwhich and get chips & a drink free. I ordered the Italian on a white loaf for 5.99, the chips were 1.29 and the fountain drink is 1.99.  What a rip off $10.02, glad I only paid for just the sandwich..  I doubt we'll ever be back.  Super disappointing.  By the way, I'll have you know my bf opened his bag of chips and hated them.  I tried them out of his bag and ended up putting back my bag of chips. BUT they do have free wifi for those of you who do like this place.  Too over priced and touristy, I'm all set.But hey if people like this place, I must be crazy look at all these 5 star reviews.  I would have to be heavily intoxicated to eat here.
3	Haven't finished my meal so well see what I think in a bit....
1	So I was raised to always say something nice so here goes, the bread was great. Yes that concludes the nice part of the review, after that it gets worse. I ordered the Itailan and did not notice it said HOT sandwiches, not a big deal I went back and asked to have my sandwich cold.  I could not even eat what was given to me, first you get virtually no meat whatsoever in the sandwich, second they drown it in dressing to the point where it was sickening to eat, and last it would have been nice if the counter person informed me they use shredded cheese  and not slices in the sandwich, it was like trying to eat glue.  Of course we will chalk up to lesson learned and not go back.
2	The sandwich I have had was great (the Caprese). My issue is with the terrible service and organization. It is a disorganized mess. They have three signs, To Order, To Pay and To Pickup. No one ever mans the To Order register. You pay at Pickup and pickup at to Pay. None of the staff tells you this, so I've ended up in the To Pay line waiting for 10 minutes before realizing that I need to stand in the To Pickup line.I don't know why they haven't just taken the signs down. It's not like I'm stupid either, every single other customer was also confused. After you get your order good luck finding a seat in the Palm's food court.
4	A friend recommended to try there sandwiches, its really good and the size is prefect. We tried the All American and pastrami..both really good. This will be one place we will hit when we come to vegas..
4	I had eaten at the Earl of Sandwich on the strip a few times and liked it, but never new we had another location at the Palms. That was until I got a coupon booklet in the mail for a variety of places at the Palms, Earl of Sandwich being one of them. I signed up for the Earl of Sandwich e-club after the first time I ate at the strip location and for my birthday this year they sent a coupon good for 1 free sandwich and 1 free drink, no purchase required. Score! Since I had the coupon from the booklet at the palms with a BOGO and the birthday coupon this seemed like the perfect time to try the location at the Palms and eat for almost free. :)This Earl of Sandwich is located in the food court of the Palms Hotel & Casino, between Chronic Tacos and The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf. It is open 24/7. The one thing I noticed different about this location from the other one on the strip is they have no inside seating. You have to find a table (not many) in the middle of the food court. Also, the "order here" and "pick up here" lines are very close together. While placing my order I had to move out of the way and stop placing my order twice so that other customers could get their food. They need to really make some adjustments as far as where people should place an order and pick one up. The girl at the register who took my order was very friendly and polite. She had trouble getting one of the coupon codes to scan and after she asked the manager for help several times,  was finally able to get it on her own. I felt bad that the manager was ignoring her and talking on her cel phone instead. They had a promotion going on called "Dine with the Royal Couple" that offered 2 sandwiches not regularly on the menu. The 2 sandwiches were the "Avocado BLT" and "Pastrami Reuben" both priced at $6.99, but I used the BOGO and ordered 1 of each. I left off the kraut and thousand island dressing and just requested mustard be put on it. I usually would love having the sandwich the way it came, but hubby doesn't like the other stuff so we just customized it a bit since we were sharing each sandwich. The Pastrami Reuben was very good, but skimpy on the meat. Hubby would have to eat 2 of these to get full. The Avocado BLT was also very good except some bacon pieces were too fatty while the other pieces has great meaty flavor. The bacon was cooked fresh so kudos for that. All the sandwiches are made fresh to order here. They were generous with the fresh avocado too. So for the free sandwich from the birthday coupon I ordered a "Full Montagu" priced at $6.49, but of course the awesome coupon took care of that! The Full Montagu has roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, tomato and mustard sauce. I had them leave off the lettuce. So with everything I said was in the Full Montagu you would expect something pretty big right? Nope! This sandwich was very good, but again just too skimpy on what they put between the bread. With the coupons we did get full though! I do like that the sandwiches are generally under $6.49 so even if hubby needs to order 2 to get full, it really isn't any more in price then ordering a burger and fries at a average restaurant. Earl of Sandwich also offers a variety of salads, wraps and artisan soups (soup selection changes daily). They also have sides like coleslaw, potato salad, pasta salad and chips. Breakfast is served daily until 11 am and they use fresh cracked eggs! There is a kids menu and when it comes to dessert Earl of Sandwich has a lot of tasty looking sweets, including brownies made with Ghirardelli chocolate.
4	We stopped by for dinner after watching 'O' at Bellagio and decided to come here after seeing yelp reviews.  Ordered the tomato soup + chicken ceasar wrap which was pretty enjoyable. Good for midnight quick snack run.
4	Got their Thanksgiving sandwich. I don't know the official name but it's got turkey, stuffing and cranberry in it. OH SO GOOD! And I don't think it was because I had been drinking, because people rave about this place and it's always crowded. I've been to both locations and the one in Planet Hollywood is way more crowded. Writing this review makes me want to go out and get a sandwich...
2	UPDATE: So after I posted this honest review, Earl of Sandwich actually reached out to me. Something I appreciated. I As I shared below, I voiced my concernes and they apologized asking me to try them again. Because they are located in Vegas, it may be a minute before I get back out there. Nonetheless, the fact they reached out to me was a big deal in my book. I'll post my updated review after I've visited them again in the future. Over-rated. Had the Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich. Very, very dry and my wheat bread was burnt. The salads are actually better than the sandwiches. Should change the name to Earl of Salads. Just sayin...
4	I'm so glad this location opened up. I hated going to the PH location bc of the miracle mile walk that you have to do in order to get to that location and if you go when the clubs get out, all the drunk/rollin club rats in line.This place is in the food court section of the palms and is open 24hrs and the line is always short or none at all.This place taste just as good as the original spot.Some of my favorites are listed in order-The Earls Club-The Full Montagu-Best BLTIf you have tried to spot yet, you have to come in and try it.  All my friends who visit me from cali want to eat at this spot at least once during their trip and honestly kind of getting tired of it.  But the food is good nonetheless.
5	If you live anywhere near an Earl of Sandwich, you really must try it. In June, my husband and I went to the one in Planet Hollywood. At 2:30 in the morning there was a line! How crazy is that? It's just a sandwich joint! Yeah, no. This place is awesome. I got a Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich and my husband got a chicken Caesar wrap. They were $6.49 each, which really isn't much more than Subway. Wow, they were good! Now I see why there was a line! OK, that and the fact that they were the only place open 24 hours. :)Today we went to the one at The Palms food court. I got the same sandwich and my husband got the Tuna Melt. Mine was still great, but his was way better. A tuna melt? Mind blowingly delicious? Who knew?So in an effort to find the nearest location to our home in suburban Phoenix, we checked their website. No locations in Arizona! Only two in Nevada! Luckily we've been to both and they're awesome. So take my advice. If you ever run across an Earl of Sandwich, take the time and stop for a bite. They make sandwiches, wraps, salads, soups, kid-friendly items, baked goods, and breakfast items. Pretty much whatever you want. Enjoy! And you're welcome in advance.
5	It has been a couple of months since I have eaten at this Earl of Sandwich.  In anticipation of my trip to Las Vegas next week, I am writing this review because I am eagerly anticipating eating here again. This Earl of Sandwich at the Palms is much smaller than the other Las Vegas location at Planet Hollywood.  The options are limited, but they do have the primary menu items and has served me quite well.  I have enjoyed all of the sandwiches that I have tried from here, but my two favorites are The Original and The Full Montagu.  Both have excellent flavor and blend perfectly with the toasted bread.  I also always get a side of potato salad, which I love here.When I go to Las Vegas next week, I definitely plan on stopping by the Palms and eating at the Earl of Sandwich.  It is a must have whenever I am in town!
4	Been here a few times, and really like their signature hot sandwiches. This one is located inside the Palms food court, which can sometimes get crowded. If there is a line, it'll move very slowly because they only have 1 cashier/register. Once you place your order, the cashier will hand you a handheld buzzer which will vibrate when your order is ready for pick up. The sandwiches are delicious, although small (maybe 5 inches) compared to other sub shops so make sure you grab chips or sides to fill you up. I usually opt for the Caribbean Jerk Chicken, although the Italian is good as well, especially because of the dressing they use in it. I would recommend this place as one of the better spots to grab at bite while at the Palms.
3	They make good sandwiches, but I think they are overrated. The bread is fresh and warm, but on the smaller side. We got the Original, Tuna, and the Full Montagu. If you are in the area it is fine, but I would not make a trip to go there.
3	There's something not right about this Earl's to me.  It just doesn't compare to the one in Planet Hollywood.  :/  I don't know if it's cause we got our sandwiches at 5 AM in the morning or what ... but I don't think that should be the case ... I've had my 5 AM sandwich from the Planet Hollywood location and it's just as tasty.I order my usual Tuna Melt and mom ordered the Full Montagu, both of which were just mediocre instead of my usual OMG I must eat more of this sandwich factor.  The Tuna Melt was extra cheesy and even lightweight had a clam chowder taste to it.  Full Montagu wasn't as flavorful as I remember it to be...  Maybe it's just me.  I mean, I still love Earl's and would still come back to grab my sandwich every time I visit Vegas.  Maybe just not this particular location cause 1) it'll probably not be within proximity and 2) it for some reason doesn't taste the same to me as the other location.  I'd give this place a second try if I happened to stay at the Palms or the Gold Coast again though.
5	Oh Earl of Sandwich, how I missed thee!Prior to ever being an active Yelper, Earl of Sandwich was a goto spot for me whenever I was in Vegas. After my friend's MMA event at the Palms, I was hungry and busted out my phone to use the good ol' trusty Yelp app. Low and behold, my eyes lit up with excitement after launching the "Nearby" feature. Earl of Sandwich had a location in the Palms! My happy arse rushed over quickness to get me a sandwich!There was only a couple of people in line when I got here. Let me note that the time was around 1am. It didn't take me long to browse the menu, since it was very simple. I felt like being adventurous with my sandwich and went with the jerk chicken sandwich. Once placing my order, I was handed a pager/buzzer. I guess having a pager/buzzer is a common thing here in Vegas.Ten minutes later my pager/buzzer goes off. I was handed my sandwich nicely wrapped in the Earl of Sandwich foil on serving tray. When I sat down and gripped my sandwich, I could tell it was fresh out the oven. It was still hot. The melody of the jerk chicken, provolone cheese, and sauces paired very well with the soft, warm, and lightly crisped wheat bread. There was no doubt I was going to inhale the sandwich.Earl of Sandwich, I knight thee ye my favorite sandwich spot in Las Vegas!
5	I consider myself to be a bit of foodie, and Las Vegas is the perfect city for a sophisticated palate. With numerous restaurants by almost every celebrity chef on the globe, there really doesn't seem to be much need for a simple sandwich joint at Planet Hollywood- except that it's SO INSANELY GOOD. I never seem to grow tired of this place, and will even go out of my way to drive to the Strip and walk half a mile through the shops just to get my fix. It's budget-conscious (under $10 for a filling sandwich and a drink- they even serve wine and beer!) and 24 hours, so incredibly convenient after a long night of partying/gambling on the Strip (we've all found ourselves completely ravished after stumbling out of Marquee at 4am). Even better, it's only a stone's throw away from the Cosmo, so cheap, delicious eats are only a short jaunt across the bridge if you're leaving the club! I have yet to try a sandwich I didn't like from this spot, and I've sampled pretty much the entire menu over the course of 4 years. The bread is by far the yummiest I've had in my existence, and I'm a big fan of carbs, so that's saying a lot. Top of my list of "Most Savory" would probably be the Holiday Turkey, the Original, and the Hawaiian. The desserts are pretty yummy as well, and it's obvious that everything is baked fresh daily. They do have wraps, salads, and gluten-free options also if you're looking for a healthier route (but WHY would you be?!?). Plenty of seating, great prices, convenient location to the Strip, this will always be one of my favorite places to grab a bite.
5	Best sandwich I've ever had by far! I ordered a Hawaiian BBQ hot sandwich and it was amazing! My girlfriend had the cannonball sandwich and she loved it too. We will definitely be coming back here again and I highly recommend it
4	Earl of Sandwich is a great sandwich place.  It is the hybrid of a Quizno's sub with a hot pocket.  Pretty cheap for a Vegas food option.  The location here at the Palms is nowhere near as crazy as the one in Planet Hollywood.  It is also a bit smaller.  Each time I have come here there were no lines.    I have tried all of their sandwiches and thought they were all pretty good, with Montague and tuna being the standouts.
2	Mr. Earl........you and me got some talking to do.First off, don't get me wrong, I like your sandwiches. I havnt had one yet that I don't like. My favorite is the Full Montague, which has roast beef, turkey, swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce. Hard not to keep picking this every time because everything put together tastes so good.I like the fact that this location and the Planet Hollywood location is 24 hours. I also like the fact that if you sign up for the email club, you get a free sandwich on your birthday along with other offers.With all that I said, the first thing that pops into my head any time this place is mentioned...........is the price. Damn Earl! 6 bucks for a little sandwich? That's without any chips or drink. To satisfy my hunger, I have to order 2 sandwiches. So 12 bucks for a footlong. Sorry, but 1 sandwich with chips and a drink aint gonna cut it for me. So one size coupled with only one kind of bread. What's wrong with wheat for those health conscious folks? Sourdough sounds good too!So Mr. Earl, I like your sandwiches, but I am not gonna go out of my way to tell every living soul but when I do, I will make sure to let them know about said statements above. It's up to them if they want a sandwich and if they agree with me or not. Please get back to me Mr. Earl if there are any changes based on this review. Until then, I will continue to whine any time your establishment is brought up in any conversation.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #3
5	i generally stay at the palms when i'm in vegas and i'm so happy that they opened up an Earl's here!!! theres never much of a wait compared to Planet Hollywood, its open 24/7 and prices are great too...all the sandwiches are amazing for being 6-7 bucks its hard to beat that when its way better than a quizznos imo!!!sometimes i get it twice w/in a 24 hr period...after drunken adventure to end the night then sleep...wake up hungover, dont want to leave the hotel so i soak my stomach in a 2nd round of earls...top choicsethe earl - roast beef horseradishchicken and avocado chiptole saucemeatball subi know they opened one up in downtown disney but i'll dont want to get it or i wont have something to look forward to after a late night drinking in vegas!!
4	Good sandwiches. Now with another location in the Palm's. Much more convenient to get to for the locals. Park outside, walk in and its to the right, before the movie theater. They offer a range of different sandwiches (hot and cold), as well as salads, wraps, and soups. They are popular for their hot sandwiches, mainly "The Original 1762" as well as "The Full Montagu"The Original 1762 - $6.49 - Roasted beef, cheddar, and horseradish sauce. More traditional style of sandwich. Like a Arby's sandwich on crack. Nice toasted and warm bread, tender roasted beef. A little "plainer" than the other sandwiches they offer but it is still delicious. The horseradish sauce adds a nice little kick (not too much, not like the pain in your nose kick) The Full Montagu - Roasted beef, turkey, Swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, and mustard sauce. Probably their most popular sandwich people usually get. Two different kinds of meat and cheeses, as well as veggies (to make you less guilty) and a light mustard sauce. Two different meats give a plethora of different textures and flavors, as well as the swiss and cheddar gives an extra added flavor (that the original was "lacking"). Veggies help add a fresh crispness to the full flavors of the meat and cheeses while maybe taming the slight guilt you have for eating this, making you feel a little "healthier" because you picked one with veggies too. Overall, good place, still have yet to have the chance to try the other sandwiches yet. Would love to. Prices are really good considering their locations within casinos, and the size is not bad. 1 full sandwich fills me for breakfast. May need more than one for lunch or dinner.
4	Earl of sammichs... You are a once in a while stop but you are very nummy. I have a lot of favorite sandwiches but here I get the chipotle chicken bacon avocado. SO BOMB! I love the sauce and the pieces of avocado. Oh my. So yummy. Back to earl, I like that they give you a buzzer thing to get your food. Those things are so fun!! Also they have a different selection of soup each day, I wish they put out the chicken tortilla more. It's really good. Their bread is nice and soft, not crunchy or hard. Unless it's a hot sammich. They also have desserts you can add on. I've only gotten the red velvet cupcake, but it was really good. I like extra frosting so I felt like it was missing but still good. The also have Pepsi products!!! The mean MT DEW! Although they wouldn't let me fill my work cup. Sad Nikki. Reason for 4 not 5, not the best customer service. One cup of mt dew won't kill you, and I asked unlike the other people who just go up and get it.
5	Quit scrolling through the menu over what hot sandwich to get as I make it easy for you--Chipotle Chicken Sandwich!! Cheddar cheese is absolutely mouthwatering when paired with toasted bread, and perfectly complements the chicken and bacon. Also, you get a good serving of good ol' veggies with their avocado and lettuce. Chicken sandwiches are usually quite dry, but a good amount of chipotle sauce comes to the rescue here! I also think it's quite a steal since it is one of the few hot sandwich options on the menu that features many ingredients.Ever use Recyclebank? It's a site that offers exclusive discounts to many products and services to those who take actions to be eco-friendly. Earl of Sandwich is one of the coupons featured on there that is easily earned. The last one I saw and used was $1 off any sandwich (one per purchase). Awesome! Use those savings towards a cup of their thick and spicy Chicken Tortilla soup. Yum to hunky chunks of chicken swirling with black beans and corn.
5	I signed up for the club the sandwich club and they email me coupons well on my birthday I had a free sandwich while staying at the Palms Place I had the best ham and Swiss on a lightly toasted
2	I was not feeling overly energetic, so I wandered down to the food court of the casino to find something to take back to the room. I had not yet tried Earl of Sandwich so I gave it a try. The service started off poorly. I stood by the order area for some time before anyone even acknowledged I was there. After that they were reasonably friendly and helpful, but I almost walked away.Oddly enough I did not order a sandwich. Instead I ordered the Baja Chicken Stuffed Potato. It comes with butter, sour cream, jalapenos and presumably chicken. I had asked for mine without the tomato that normally comes on it. My potato came out relatively quickly.The potato had some good flavors. The jalapenos are a nice touch. The potato is good sized and filled me up. The issue with the potato was the complete lack of chicken. I am not sure there was any on it. I did not have it in me to go back down there to correct the issue.My first experience here was lacking.  I will try Earl again, and will try a sandwich at that time.
4	If there was such a thing as "authentic sandwiches", this place is it. Sandwich's sandwich.I'm not kidding: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earl_of_Sandwich_(restaurant)The best part? They live up to the brand and their sandwiches are actually GOOD. A little pricy for the size but I frequent here for a reason.
5	This was my go to spot for my lunch breaks at pHAll time favorite was the Caribbean jerk chicken and their tuna wrap was always delicious always called in my order and within mins they'd have it ready for me Perks of Being pH emloyee you get the discount. Nice
3	Sir Earl - you've got quite a buzz about you. So finally one day, I took the plunge and thought I would give it a go.I went with the roast beef and a clam chowder. I honestly thought I was going to hate myself for ordering the clam chowder but much to my surprise, it was pretty tasty. The roast beef sandwich was good and not to red for me. The meat on the sandwich was very tender and had a nice flavor to it. Sometimes roast beef can have a metallic & irony flavor to it, especially if it is a cheaper cut of meat.Their menu is a bit pricey but it is inside a casino food mall so it is too be expected. Overall, they are A-Okay and I would return but not in my regular rotation.
2	Located in the Palms Casino food court, it's easy to spot and find.   I think it's called Earl of 'Sandwich' for a reason.  Their sandwiches must be better than their wraps.   The husband and I split the Buffalo Chicken Wrap which consisted of cold chicken, lettuce, tomato and cheese with the buffalo sauce.   Well I've had better. Much better.  I think I would have had a better chicken wrap from McDonalds and it would have been a lot cheaper. I was disappointed because I had heard many good things about their food.    The service here was ok.   She wasn't bad but nothing too memorable.   I really hope that it was just their wraps.  Maybe I'll try them again and order a sandwich? Maybe but I won't be rushing back.
4	The one located in Planet Hollywood has more sandwiches on their menu, but this one located in the Palms is open 24 hours!  Way better than fast good after a night of drinking. The holiday sandwich is probably the best sandwich I've ever had.
2	Located in the Palms Resort, I would've loved to given them 5 stars becauseI have to say the food was GREAT but the service was appalling! The employee Maria was VERY rude, she seemed to be in a really bad mood and did not seem to want to work, almost like she was doing me a favor. I am from NY but I was very taken aback by her MAJOR attitude. Someone needs to have a chat with this chick! You need to tell your employees to treat their customers better because you never know who might be visiting your establishment, and you may just end up getting some really bad "press" ;)
4	After a big concert at the Pearl Concert Hall, I needed to do some grubbing. Some of my friends had been raving about this place, and while I visit Vegas at least once a year, I never really found myself by the Planet Hollywood where the original Earl is at.Thank heavens I yelped nearby restaurants and saw that there was an Earl here at the Palms. It saved me the headache of traffic and parking at the strip. My sandwich was very delicious, I had the original. I would strongly recommend the Earl to anyone, but it did have some minor hiccups. The sandwiches are a bit pricy and they're too small. Even though I'm short and skinny, I eat like a bodybuilder, and one sandwich didn't fill me up. The only reason I didn't buy another sandwich was because it was already past midnight on a Friday during lent. No meat for me from then on :(
5	I love love love the holiday turkey sandwich! It is the best thing they have
3	So..... I first heard of earl of samwich from my girlfriend, saying that tourists came in to her work raving about how good earls was. Well today was the day, today I was ready to experience the bliss that is earl of samwich..... so I ordered for me and a few coworkers. The samwich came in they're fancy gold foil wrapping looking amazing, here it comes that amazing samwich everyone has been talking about. So.... I was unimpressed, the samwich for the money is small the sauce over powers the rest of the samwich it almost seemed soggy I don't know what else to say, it was just alright.
2	I ordered the reuben sandwich (pastrami) which I already anticipated not being much of a reuben due to the absence of rye bread and corn beef. When the cashier asked me white or wheat I seemed puzzled to why it didn't come with the traditional rye and she just said it never does (it's ok I didn't expect her to know). My total came to $7.02 and I paid cash and had a dime to help her not break change. She became beyond confused and I helped her with the quick calculation of the new change due. I get my "reuben" minutes after the confusion I seemed to put her through, and it barely had any sauerkraut nor thousand island. Then halfway through, I noticed it didn't even have cheese! I usually love everything here but this was beyond a fail under the name reuben.
4	Great great food, big fan
5	They have one open at PH and the other palms...went here just for brunch and dinner...boy were the sandwiches good...the girls had their salads and soups...tomato basil i think and some strawberry cranberry salad both were to their expectations and thats saying a lot coming my picky eaters...i had the turkey sandwich in the morning and now had the roast beef both were very good. The customer service was awesome even though we had a hard time communicating.
5	Love love love earl of sandwich!  I can eat this all day. Chipotle avocado chicken and  the original earl is a must try. :)
4	Inside the Palms, so it's less crowded. When I want a decent sandwich and I'm in the area, I hit this up.
3	Don't believe the hype. Lol. It was ok. Had the full montage. Size was ok as well. If you like sandwiches it is a good place to check out and try at least once. Had the potato salad and it was ok too, def not the best I had.
4	Items Selected:Holiday Turkey - Turkey, Cornbread Stuffing, Gravy, Cranberry SauceHawaiian BBQ - Grilled Chicken, Ham, Swiss, Pineapple, BBQ SauceOatmeal Raisin CookieChocolate Chip CookieGhirardelli Double Chocolate BrownieLocated across from the golden arches in a far less fanciful space than its Planet Hollywood sibling I really had not planned to visit Earl of Sandwich on Saturday morning, but when my friend from 24 Seven suggested she was stopping by to pick up lunch for later I decided "why not?," a pair of shared sandwiches and three fresh baked sweets each making me wonder why I'd waited so long to give the Earl a go.  Another 24/7 operation with offerings including sandwiches, soups, salads, and wraps plus a later day menu of pastas and more it was just after 7:15am when we arrived at the small storefront and each opting for a sandwich that was subsequently split and swapped I bid my friend adieu before sitting down to eat, my first bite of the Hawaiian BBQ crunching through golden bread to discover notes of bright citrus overlying tender proteins with a smoky finish well balanced by the brine of Swiss.  No less compelling than its island themed counterpart yet far more comforting in the midst of a Las Vegas summer it was only after finishing my half of the 'cue that I turned to the Holiday Turkey and although more of a 'fork and knife' affair than a proper hand-held I will simply say that there may be no better sandwich in Sin City, the cornbread stuffing a perfect accoutrement to rich gravy and briny bird while the cranberry jam lends subtle sweetness at the end.  Every bit worthy of its substantial praise, particularly for a 'chain,' it was finally in a few baked goods that my meal would finish and although neither cookie will win any awards the oft celebrated brownie would indeed prove a worthy bite, the soft and smooth center with crispy edges as good as any I've had in recent memory and all the better given the fact that it was free (with signup for the fan club.)
4	The sandwich are made with fresh ingredients and their is a good selection of options. They taste fantastic! You'll never settle for Subway again! Plus they have loaded baked potatoes!!!
3	I had the avocado BLT.  The bread it was on was DELISH!!! It was a bit pricey, but, it is in a casino, and I'm a local...so grrrrr!!!  The mac & cheese was mediocre, definitely reminded me of a frozen Stouffer's mac & cheese.  The potato salad was very good and that's saying loads as I'm a very picky tater salad kinda girl (usually only like mom's!!!).  Mom had the buffalo chicken wrap and she said it was good, but, ice cold...even the chicken.  Would eat there again, but, probably wouldn't search it out again like we did this time.
4	Earl, you won my heart with the Full Montagu yet again.  Finally, I was able to write a review that justifies their amazing product.  It was hand made with fresh ingredients: Roasted beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, and tomato & mustard sauce.  The wheat bread was light and crispy which absorbed some of the sauce.  Ratio was spot on with all the ingredients.  Not a single bite was wasted.  Most sandwiches, you will discard the ends since there isn't much substance but with Earl's, every bite is prime real-estate filled with goodness.  They wrap the sandwiches with such precision too!  It looks elegantly prepared to order as if it was prepared specifically for your, which it is really.  Normally, there is a line out the door but this location had only 2 people in front of me. The location we went to was located in the Palms food court.  Quite convenient for the epic night before.  There are other locations in Vegas which makes it a slam dunk if you're trying to grab and go.  I took my friends here for the first time and they were blown away.  I will come back for more with every visit.
4	Yummy! Handy Dandy Yelp guided me here when I searched for sandwiches in Vegas and voila! We were not disappointed. The BF went for the Original, I went for the Italian and we both thoroughly enjoyed our choices.  We shared a drink and chips and I believe our total came out to be around $17.  Not too shabby for Vegas.  First time to Earl and I'll be back on our next trip! :)
5	It's a sandwich shop, obviously nothing crazy gourmet, but a savior to hungry Las Vegas partiers @ 3 & 4am. (Actually, they're open 24/7!)You won't be disappointed with this choice. They've got healthy options too!
5	LOVE that there's never a line at this one. :)Boyfriend and I got to the palms on our most recent stay and I told him we HAD to eat here! we ended up eating here three times on our trip!my go-to is the holiday turkey sandwich. as the bf put it, "that sandwich has no right being that good!"flavorful thinly shaved turkey, cranberry sauce, mayo, and gravy soaked stuffing make for a nice and moist sandwich!Im craving it so badly now but am on a no carb diet. oh well.go and eat one for me! :)
5	free sandwich on your birthday when you sign up for their newsletter .
4	Yes, wait in the line. I always passed Earl of Sandwhich because the line-ups are so long but I waited this time. The line up goes by pretty quickly unless your stomach is about to eat the person in front of you then it can be somewhat long.They have lots of choices on their menu and they all look so great. I wanted to keep going back so I could try new sandwiches but that is a little excessive. I went back twice but I don't remember what exactly I had but I remember them being very delicious. I really wanted to taste their baked goods but there is never enough time in Vegas to do everything. I guess I have to go back the 9th time.
5	Glad they opened another one in Vegas besides the one in PH.  There was no line here and the person working was very very friendly and helpful.  My friend always split a sandwich and salad, so it is a good healthy choice and decent price.  I now know this is in Palms, probably come here now vs PH.
5	The. Best. Holliday turkey. Ever!! Blows Capriotti's out of the water. And to top off the absolute deliciousness of that sandwich you have to get the big sugar cookie. It'll change your life.
5	There sandwiches here are sooooo addicting lol the Hawaiian BBQ has to be the best one of all time.The great thing is it's open 24 hours and it is soooo yummy.
5	Excellent customer service at a casino sandwich place? YISS!I frequent EoS because I get hella food comps from Palms. Instead of spending it at McDonalds or other crap places, I come here. Ordering is super easy, you go up to the counter, check out their menu which breakfast, lunch, and dinner options. I always opt for the Baja chicken salad. Its a large salad with chicken breast, avocados, corn, black beans, tortillas strips, tomatoes, and cilantro... this is where the 5 starts come in. I'm a difficult person and ask to sub the corn, beans, and tomatoes for strawberries and ranch. SOOO GOOD! They have many other sandwiches but the Baja reminds me of California!They have a array of hot sandwiches, and we've tried the Philly. Its super yummy, the steak is juicy, and the crunch of the bread makes it super delicious.They serve little bundt cakes and other desserts as well. I like their bakes chips also!I will def continue coming here!Yay!
5	The best sandwiches I have tried so far. Prices are little bit over, but it won't stop me to go there every time I want a hot yummy sandwich.
5	This place is great. I love the caprese and the holiday turkey Sandwhich and the avocado chipotle chicken Sandwhich is my third favorite.
1	Bacon egg and cheese sandwich had a pinch of bacon bits on it which wouldn't amount to half a slice of bacon
2	Just opened in Caesers palace. The prices are jacked up its usually $5.99 for a hot sandwich and here it's $8.50 . I would rather go to Planet Hollywood. THE SERVICE IS HORRIBLE. I'm a local and I live in Las Vegas. The people who work there should not be treating people that way. We had a few questions about the sandwiches and the worker who was taking our order said I don't know. Seriously? You work there & you don't know?! I would fire you in a heartbeat. How are you gonna try to sell me something without knowing your product. I have no patience for people like that. I love earl of sandwiches and the food is amazing but I'm never coming to this location again.
4	Long live the Earl! I mean, we ate here most of the days we were in Vegas, and for good reason. Pros: Breakfast sammies for $3.99. I ate an egg white, avocado and cheddar sandwich three days in a row. And once paired it with tomato soup. ($3.49)Refillable drinks ($2.99) and coffees ($2.29)Choco chip cookies: $1.99Service was always fast and friendly. You get a pager that buzzes when your food is ready, which, by the way, scared the bejeesus outta me the first time it went off in my hand!They also had decent sammies, their claim to fame is their hot sandwiches, I was a definite fan of the vegetarian one, but the boy didn't love his buffalo wrap. Another con would be that the amount of avocado on the breakfast sandwich changed daily for the two of us. First day was generous avocado day, second day, not so much. All in all, you can't go wrong with the Earl. Well priced, decent food that will fill your tummy, keep you satisfied, and might even encourage you to gamble away another $20 in the penny slots since you got a good value for your meal.
