3	Small but beautiful lounge with premium drinks and a see and be seen crowd.  No disco ball or designated floor space even though the music is refreshingly dance-able.
3	Cool martini bar with an awesome view of uptown from the terrace.Located up on the second floor of a building in the Elizabeth area, you feel almost as if you're one your way to a doctor's office as you get off the elevator and wind through the hallway.The lounge is a really cool space though. Basically a rectangular area, it stretches out before you with the bar running down the left-hadn side. A couple of flat-screen tvs provide good visibility for whatever game may be on, but most of the people are here to have people look at them.The crowd definitely has the potential to get a bit pretentious on most evenings, a la Suite, but there are some normal and interesting people here as well.The best thing about Loft is the wrap-around terrace and the view of the Charlotte skyline it affords. Depending on the evening and your mood, it may make dealing with the 'look-at-me' crowd worth it.
3	It's a small, yet cool martini bar with good music. I love the wrap-around terrace which gives you a spectacular view of uptown Charlotte!I was a little disappointed when I went to an after work social in July.  I left early because the a/c wasn't on and I couldn't take the heat.
4	Loft is a great martini bar to hit up with your girlfriends. I've been there a couple times, and generally, it's pretty empty unless there is an event going on. That can be a good or bad thing depending on what kind of night you're hoping to have. As the other Yelpers stated, the patio is great. You've got a really cool view of Uptown, making this a great place to take out-of-town guests. But what puts Loft in the 4-star category for me is the fact that it's smoke-free, a rarity in Charlotte.
3	We've been to Loft 1523 a couple of times.  The first time, we brought an out-of-town friend there to try it out.  We were pretty confused at first, as you have to take an elevator up and then walk through an office hallway before reaching the bar.  Once we got past that oddity, we discovered that Loft 1523 was pretty crowded that night.  We made our way to the bar and asked to see a martini menu because we wanted to sample something different.  They didn't have any.  Huh.  This is a martini bar, right?  The bartender suggested a honeysuckle martini to try something different.  We did, and it was delicious.  At $10 each, it ought to be.  It had a touch of honey in it, to sweeten it up.  We then took our martinis out on the patio to enjoy the evening air and get a great view of Uptown Charlotte.  Ahh...  The rest of the evening there was good, but we only had two martinis each since they were a little pricey for my taste.  The second time we went, a group of about 10 of us were planning to gather at Loft 1523 to celebrate a friend's birthday on a Saturday night.  We met outside, walked through the office hallway and into the lounge.  At that point, we were advised that there was a private party booked and we'd have to leave.  Huh.  A public martini bar closed to the public on a weekend night?  Interesting.  At that point, we had to call those who hadn't shown up yet and make other arrangements.  The manager was apologetic and gave us each a free shot of something for the road.  So, I like the idea of Loft 1523, but my two experiences have left me to think that there are a few things they could do to improve.  (1) Lower the drink prices and maybe people would go more often, (2) have actual martini menus available, (3) don't close for private parties on "going out" nights, and (4) don't make me feel like I'm going to work as I walk through the entrance.
1	Loft has terrible customer service and I am a very laid back person. So for me to write a review like this it must have been bad. I ordered a Candy Corona at the bar (Candy Corona is a Corona beer w/ grenadine in it). The bartender said we do not make that type of drink. Okay, so I said let me have a Corona with a shot of grenadine and he said no! Whoa! He said it was his bar and he has the discretion to fix any drink he wanted, which it true. I politely signaled my girlfriend that is was time to leave before I choked his fat neck. He was a true a!@# and I will never go there again. Very embarrassing since I praise Charlotte so much to my girlfriend.
2	I really liked the outdoor area and the view, but that's about it.  It was very odd walking though an office space to get there, and there's not much else around it once you get there.  I'm not sure if it's still considered uptown, but it's fairly close if you're okay with driving from center city.Anyway, It was pretty empty when we went and the decor was okay.  I'll likely visit again soon this summer to take advantage of the patio...but there are several other places I'll go to first.BTW...the drinks are pretty good...service was kinda bland tho :-/
4	I love the Loft!!! I live in the area so its perfect for me I love that the bartenders are fun and will make anything you want literally!! as some of you said its a little pricey but I have to disagree $10 for a drink is really not that expensive if you were in NY or LA you would pay at least $14. If you have never been for the 4th of July it is by far the best place to watch the fireworks with a nice cold beverage in hand!!
5	I love the loft. The vibe rocks. The owner is really nice and so are the bartenders.When I lived in Charlotte, I would frequent this place every weekend. Now every time I go back, I make sure I make it there.The drinks are tasty and they have really good beer selections. The outdoor patio is beautiful and showcases the Charlotte skyline.The music can vary. I mostly like it when it's chill, lounge and/or house. They play hip hop on occasion and it's usually when they seem to bring a really good dj in.If you like eclectic, funky, chill places, this is where to go.
1	First time I went the bartender seemed offended when I asked if there was a martina list.  The crowd was the uptown snooty crowd that wouldn't speak.  Matter of fact, they looked at you like "what are you doing here."  Dont think I'd ever go back.
4	Sometimes it's just nice to have a solid place to grab a low key drink....or maybe you want to jam it out karaoke style....and other times you want to mix it up and fist pump you way through the night. Loft 1523 can provide all of these scenarios and has super friendly (and talented) bartenders to boot. My personal favorite scenario above is a low key drink and this place fits that ticket beautifully. The view is *stunning* and it's one of my favorite balconies to relax on and take in a gorgeous skyline. As mentioned, the bartenders are really friendly and are happy to mix up a special beverage for you if you give them a bit of direction. While it's a little tough to get up to (literally - you have to park around back, take the elevator to the second floor and turn right & follow the signs) it's well worth it. The scene does indeed change depending on the time of day and day of the week, but for the view and the service it's a solid choice for me. Great vibe, great drinks, great view = great bar.
3	Empty on a Friday night. Good music. Very laid back. Good place to get couple of drinks before heading uptown.
4	A great date spot, small to medium sized venue with great downtown view on the balcony. The Loft has the lounge feeling and does great as an afterwork hour party. I will be back. :)
3	Six of us went here to kill some time before the concert at the Visualite.  The vibe here is cool - however, walking through the office building to get here is a little odd and bright, but once you get upstairs, it's all good.  Drinks were strong - had two dirty martinis made just the way I asked for them - thanks Mr Bartender.It was a little chilly outside but we did go out there for a few minutes to soak up the awesome view of Charlotte.I would go back when the weather warms up - or for a cozy date drink spot.
4	Went there for the first time with a group of close friends on a random Tuesday evening. It turned out that there was a networking event going on however it was open to everyone. So here's the lowdown:Vibe - clean and trendy without being pretentiousDrinks- more than great! The "mixologist' Tarrence (sp?) did a wonderful job catering to what we wanted and took the time to make it right. I'm talking using real technique to make the drinks like brusing the mint for mojitos rather than muddlingView - outstanding. Perfect view of the Charlotte skyline and of the sun setting. Service - Everyone that worked there made sure that we were comfortable and had everything we needed. The hookah we ordered was attended to if necessary and also refilled for us.The only reason I didn't give a 5 star is because this is strictly a drinking establishment. Perhaps small appetizers would have been nice to much on while enjoying our drinks.Overall, I have a new place to take out of town friends besides the Epicentre.
4	This is a small, but cute bar with a fantastic view!  I went there to watch the 4th of July fireworks and it was perfect.  There is a fair amount of outdoor patio seating as well as comfy couches inside!  They had a DJ who was playing a great mix of songs.  Overall, this is a nice hidden gem for a more intimate scene.
5	Love this place. Great place to party.
3	I've had a few events here and all have been great. I've also been here for drinks and what not. ONCE you find out how you get there, it opens up to a nice place. GREAT outside "patio". They have nice couches, bar, and chairs outside. The owner is a cool dude. The DJ is on point as well. Great view of the city.Go, have fun!Cheers
