5	Great store and lots of help. Good inventory as well.
4	Good location, very clean, nice, and lots of people to help you.  I know they built this just to challenge the Lowes across the street so I go there more but I do love the rental department here which they dont have at Lowes.  I bought a used $2400 trencher for my company for only $600 because they sell their used rental equipment to replace it with new and you can always get a good deal on that stuff.  That is the biggest reason for my review....oh and they have a great hot dog stand outside that sells awesome hot dogs :)
1	Quite new location.Service in the aisles was non existent. I passed 5-7 staff and not one asked if I needed help.  They instead looked away and avoided all eye contact. Even if I pass someone in the appliance department with a question about gaskets, they should at least ask if I need help and then call someone over for me rather than me having to walk a mile around the whole store looking for someone.The signage is too generic. I was looking for HVAC materials and would have thought that a main sign would point me to that major topic.  But none. So I wandered around each aisle up and down looking for the items I needed.I am sticking with Lowe's if I need help finding things.  Home Depot over the past 5+ years has started to fail as a customer service oriented store.  It is not anything remotely like your local Ace Hardware store where people ask you multiple times if you need help, or as mentioned, at Lowe' s where staff is available at every turn and willing to help me.Funny thing is I ordered something for in store pickup and obtained it fine, but needed a couple of other items. I knew it would be exactly this scenario of poor service heading in so it didn't upset me much.  Which is sad because my expectations of Home Depot are so low these past several years.
5	Lets face it, all Home Depots are pretty much the same.  The only things that may be different are cleanliness and service.This Home Depot is very clean.  It is pretty empty so you don't have to worry about getting your cart through the aisles without disturbing other customers.  Also, they seem to have more items than the Home Depot at home in Honolulu.  Service was awesome!  I came her to buy boards to make slats for my grandpa's bed.  The employee was super helpful.  He gave us suggestions of which materials to use, carried the wood to the saw himself and cut the wood exactly to size.The guy at the check out stand was also really nice.  I get a 10% military discount and he thanked me for my husband's service, which I thought was very thoughtful.
4	Love it, great staff, helpful, rare you are standing there looking for someone to help you, and always a smile for you when you go in, I am there often enough that some of them know me by name and that is a refreshing change of pace from the "Superstore Mentality"  Always clean and tidy and you rarely wait in a line to get out of there.
4	This is one of the better Home Depot locations I've been too.  It's particularly clean and I can usually find some help in a reasonable time.  Not always, some days it just seems hard to find people.I like the efficient self-checkouts, the ability to use Paypal, and to use Apple Pay.  Also getting your receipt e-mailed; much more convenient than paper I have to scan!
