5	Dr. Farber is outstanding!  I was up and walking easily within an hour after knee  surgery.  Two weeks later my knee feels great!  I would recommend Dr. Farber without hesitation.
1	There would have to be a gun next to my head in ordwr for me to EVER rof my own volition recomend Dr. Farb.  He is arrogant, patronizing and severely lacks in bedside manners.  An etiquette may benefit hia business relations with othwrs, especially his patients.  It's called listening.  You might evwn learn something rather than constantly talking over tje peraon while they are trying to succinctly tell you what problems thwy may have.
1	I went to this egregious excuse for a doctor when I had a recent shoulder injury. I unfortunately went back to him two years later because my side (near my armpit and ribcage) was really hurting so since he already had my records for my initial injury I thought I might as well see him again for these new symptoms. Big mistake. They moved to a different location and the office was nice. Joey, the M.A., was courteous. When the "Doctor" came in to see me, I tried to explain to him my recent issues and he repeatedly kept talking over me when I was trying to tell him my problems. He asked if I got an MRI and I said yes and that he was the one who read me the results. He then had the audacity to say that I did not get an MRI and that his "notes" claimed that I told him I did not want to pay for it. So he asked where I got them and I said that I had no idea, it was two years ago. I told him that there was significant swelling on my left side and he instructed me to take my shirt off. He then started feeling around the area and said that he didn't see anything nor feel anything. I assured him that there was swollen tissue and he said and I quote, "No, that's just fat." I was so dumbfounded at this guy's lack of manners and lack of professionalism, I didn't even know how to react. And to give those a visual I am not fat; I'm not skinny either. I'm 5'11" and weigh 196. He then ushered me out then went up to the M.A. and asked if there was an MRI done and lo and behold there it was in the computer!  I said, "I told you." and he didn't even have the decency to apologize for his negligence. He said, "We'll see what the pain specialist says and go from there." Yeah, that would be the day. Please, I write this review in order save you the stress and anxiety of dealing with such an odious individual.  Bedside manners is very important, I believe, when you are a physician.
1	I went to this egregious excuse for a doctor when I had a recent shoulder injury. I unfortunately went back to him two years later because my side (near my armpit and ribcage) was really hurting so since he already had my records for my initial injury I thought I might as well see him again for these new symptoms. Big mistake. They moved to a different location and the office was nice. On a positive note, Joey and the other supporting staff were courteous and helpful. When the "Doctor" came in to see me, I tried to explain to him my recent issues and he repeatedly kept talking over me when I was trying to tell him my problems. He asked if I got an MRI and I said yes and that he was the one who read me the results. He then had the audacity to say that I did not get an MRI and that his "notes" claimed that I told him I did not want to pay for it. So he asked where I got them and I said that I had no idea, it was two years ago. I told him that there was significant swelling on my left side and he instructed me to take my shirt off. He then started feeling around the area and said that he didn't see anything nor feel anything. I assured him that there was swollen tissue and he said and I quote, "No, that's just fat." I was so dumbfounded at this guys lack of manners and lack of professionalism I didn't even know how to react. And to give those a visual I am not fat. I'm not skinny either. I'm 5'11" and weigh 196. He then ushered me out and went up to the M.A. and asked if there was an MRI done and lo and behold there it was in the computer! I said, "I told you." and he didn't even have the decency to apologize for his negligence. Please, I write this review in order save you the stress and anxiety of dealing with such an odious individual such as I have.
