1	This isn't so much a problem with this particular store as it is with Sony products and customer support.  Regardless, take this as a warning and do not purchase any Sony products.  Even if you don't take my word for it, go ahead and read many similar experiences at http://www.consumeraffairs.com/computers/sony.htmI had a Sony Vaio laptop that I purchased about 8 months ago fry one day.  I plugged the ac adapter into the laptop, plugged it into the wall, and my laptop started smoking.  I quickly unplugged everything but alas, the laptop no longer turned on, and the little green LED on the ac adapter didn't light up when it was plugged in.  Obviously the ac adapter was defective and sent way too much current to the laptop and burnt it up.I brought it into this store to get it repaired.  A fancy, expensive laptop should last more than 8 months, so certainly this defective piece of crap would be covered under warranty.  The sales associate put the laptop through a battery of tests (including a battery test...har-de-har-har) and came to the exact same conclusion.  I handed him the receipt for the purchase of the laptop 8 months prior, he agreed that the repair would be covered under warranty, I filled out a work order form and left my poor laptop in his care.What followed was nothing short of abusive.3 weeks passed and I had received no contact from Sony.  I pulled out my work order receipt and saw that I could check the status of my repair online.  I attempted, but apparently my work order number wasn't found, so I called this store.  I was informed that my warranty work had been denied and that they had attempted to contact me (lie #1).  He put me through to the general customer service line, and the agent there gave me the runaround about why the warranty work was denied.  She then put me through to the repair center, where the agent there told me, and I quote, "we found liquid *in* your laptop."  (lie #2).  If there was liquid in the laptop, it happened somewhere between the Sony Style store and the repair center.  He went on to tell me that there was "a massive amount of corrosion" and that there was no way the work would be covered under warranty and it would cost $650 to repair.  After arguing with this guy for a good 30 minutes, which ended with him saying he would email me the pictures of the corroded motherboard (lie #3 - never happened), I requested the laptop be returned to me and verified my address with him, the exact same address that was on the work order.2 more weeks passed and I had no contact from Sony.  So I called customer service back and they informed me that it had already been delivered (lie #4).  OH HELLLLLLLL NO.  The agent verified my address again and, wouldn't you know it, they left off my apartment number.  Turns out the laptop was sitting at Fed Ex because it couldn't be delivered.  I went to pick the laptop up and, coincidentally, there was another guy there picking up a Vaio that was sent back to him from the repair center with no apartment number!The cherry on top - I got the laptop home, COMPLETELY disassembled it, and could not find a single indication of water damage, as I had known all along.  What I did find was a burnt out connector where the motherboard hit the power supply, which I also had known all along.Sony sold me a shitty defective (though expensive) product, lied to me several times, tried to screw me out of money, and for all intents and purposes tried to steal my laptop (since they held it without contacting me and then attempted to send to an invalid address so it would be returned to them).Now there's a lesson in customer retention!
1	I couldn't agree more with the other reviewer, although my problem is different, the customer service was much the same.  It took almost two weeks to get my computer back, even though it didnt even leave the city as it was under warranty, and they wanted to charge me $199.00 to backup the few things that I had not gotten to before my computer crashed.  Again it was a problem with the motherboard, but mine is only 3 months old...shouldn't that backup probably be free!!
2	This store is not very good. The only positive is that they have everything out for you to test and play with, and not locked behind glass. So, if you're in the market for a Sony product, you can go here and get the hands-on experience.However, the staff is completely inept. They do try to be nice, but they know nothing about computers. My wife was in the market for a Vaio laptop and had some basic questions to start, a couple of which the manager was able to answer, and most of which I had to find out myself by inspecting the laptops. We targeted the F series because my wife likes to play video games and to be portable. Once the manager got wind that she plays video games, he just kept repeating that they were running Starcraft 2 on one of the F series in the store, as if that's all we needed to hear to fork over $1300.We decided to head up to the Microsoft Store to do some comparison shopping. They are very nice up there. They had the previous iteration of the F series in stock for $1000, and the specs appeared to be the same except for having 4 GB RAM compared to 6 GB on the newer model down in the Sony store.We went back to Sony to verify what made up the $300 difference on their model, and the manager could not explain the price difference. It appears the newer one had only been redesigned, and had the aforementioned higher RAM. That's not worth $300 though. The manager referred me to another associate he referred to as "the Vaio expert" and drifted away. I guess he'd had enough of us and probably doesn't work on commission. I asked "the Vaio guy" if the newer model had faster RAM or a faster RPM hard drive, and his eyes glazed over with ignorance. He said he would Google it for me, and I watched the painful process of someone Googling when they don't actually know what they're looking for. I finally thanked him for his time and asked some follow-up questions I thought he should know: Do they offer an educator discount? He doesn't know. He thinks maybe a student discount, but he doesn't know if and how much. Are any accessories included? He doesn't know. He doesn't think so. I fish for a free laptop case or free mouse or SOMETHING, practically coming right out and saying, "I'm giving you plenty of opportunities to sell me but you're not taking any of them, dipstick."No dice. I went upstairs and bought it from the Microsoft Store. 10% educator discount, nice. You stink, Sony Style.
1	I bought a Bravia TV a month ago but was charged twice on my credit card.  The staff were not very bright.  They were more like high school/college kids who were working there part time for extra cash.  I am still trying to locate the elusive store managers Mark and John to get my money back.
