4	This little place is a treasure.If you are into Fish or Reptiles this is the place for all your pet needs. This would also be a good place to bring the little ones for a look at snakes, iguanas, fish and frogs.As an owner of reptiles I need live food for my guys and this place has everything.   Okay look away if you are squimish ..they have live pinky mice, mice, rats as well as crickets, mealworms and other goodies. They guys running the store are pleasant and helpful.The prices are very decent.
5	This is a really good little shop.  The people are incredibly helpful and all around seem to love what they do.  The fish are in excellent health and even a little spoiled.  You can tell that they really take care of their fish as soon as they are in your own tank.  The prices here are less than those of the big stores, and I will always make the drive to this little place even though there are several closer opyions.
4	Tropical Treasures, in my opinion, is the best pet store in the west side of Phoenix. The store is small, but they have a large quantity of fish and reptiles.  They also have a variety of large constrictors and the normal pet store fare of bearded dragons and tortoises. Along with the animals, Treasures has a great selection of accessories and aquariums, including some discounted used ones.TT was closed for remodeling, but has since reopened, without a very noticeable difference.
4	Temporarily closed for remodeling....hopefully they will open back up!
1	Fish store... awesome.... reptile store.... no thanks.   I've been to this store twice now, once for myself to see and once for my wife to see.   Being one of the very few reptile stores on the west side of town, it's not bad, but the reptile experience and the customer service experience that I have had both times are lacking the luster that I can get from even Petsmart.   For being only a short drive away from Exotic Predators and Prey, I would spend the extra bit of gas.
5	This is a smaller store- but they have a great selection of fish & reptiles, and the necessities for each. I learned more in five minutes talking with an employee about our beardie than any of the other petshops combined. I always prefer to give my cash to the small businesses when I can. Great place, and they sell cheaper used aquariums/terrariums as well.
1	I was very disappointed after visiting this store. The employees did not greet us when we walked in, even though the guy looked right at us (he was messing with his cell). I did finally find the equipment I was looking for... In a semi-crushed, water-damaged box on the floor near the back. When I asked, "How much?", he had to hunt for a price (the sticker was unreadable) and finally quoted me a price. Nevermind that it was $10 MORE than Amazon, even with shipping! No thank you.
1	Never have I been in a more crowded, dusty, smelly pet shop in my life. They say some treasures should remain hidden, and I think this is one best left that way.  I have never met a knowledgable employee in this store, and I have never walked out thinking 'that place was clean'.  On the contrary, I have seen dead fish in the tanks, two foot monitor lizards in 8" cubes.  I have found that they are grossly overpriced, and the service leaves much to be lacking.  They seem to prey on the uneducated consumers who come in, as anyone who knows anything about reptiles or fish is left without a salesman, because they are afraid of actually learning something.
3	The constantly changing Tropical Treasures has changed again as they moved to 3502 W. Greenway Rd. Suite 7. The new location looks a little bigger and you can already see the potential in this place. They only moved in a few days ago (around 5/1/12) so the place is a mess, but they were working hard to set everything up and remain open while fixing the place up. All freshwater fish are already in place and looking good. The reptile section still needs some work. I'll make sure to go back after they finish setting up the store to give them a new rating.
1	Dis-gus-ting.Their new location is more crowded, cramped and hot than the last one. It's just as dark as well. That pet store smell just knocks you over when you come in - a little is okay and part of the pet store charm, but this literally choked my nostrils.They have way too many fish in way too small of tanks, the reptiles just make me sad (I believe I saw a 5 foot boa constrictor in probably a 20 gallon tank... not adequate) and are a poor selection to boot. All the merchandise is jumbled together and you have to flip it this way and that way to find the prices. Employees never greeted us or asked if they could help us find anything. Just a really unpleasant 10 minutes of my life that I will never get back.
3	This is a cool little local pet store, they have some cool animals. Seems like they have a good selection of fish and reptiles. I wish they had a little better selection of cichlids though. Also, they do seem to be a bit on the expensive side, I am used to paying 1.08 for my little snakes mice, they charged me a 1.80 each. Just seems like a big difference. But all and all it's a cool little pet store and is worth checking out.
