1	I simply can't give a good rating to a company that stole money from me for three months. I canceled my membership in October 2010 and they continued to charge me until February. WTF. I finally sorted things out but they don't have a copy machine so be prepared to ask for (and fill out) two forms if you want to cancel.
2	I used to love this place. i tanned regularly for two years.... because i didn't know any better. I paid 60$ a month for a level 3 (Gold) membership. Please!!!! I found the same membership level at BB and OneStop for dang near half that price.  One one hand though, they do have a great selection of lotions, yet the computers were always down, or I was getting over charged.. yadda yadda. Go somewhere else.
4	This is the only tanning salon within walking distance from ASU.  I wish they had longer hours (they close at 9pm most nights) so that I could always make it there after work.  I have tried all level beds here and been satisfied with them all.  I was shocked at myself for paying what I did for a one time upgrade to a level 5 bed two weeks ago but I got great color that lasted.  The staff is friendly, the place is clean, and they proved clean towels and goggles.Look for coupons that they put in The Student Handbook that are handed out on ASU's campus every year.
4	I've gone to other places and they don't compare to Celebrity Tanning. Staff is usually very friendly, the salon is always very clean, and always get very good color. If I don't use a coupon, it can get a bit pricey  but I still think its worth it.
1	Been a Celebrity Tanning member going on 2 years and this location is probably their worst! They open pretty late (9-10am depending on time of year) so don't try to tan before work or school. If you pay for a Platinum membership their bed selection is not great either. Out of the three, the Excellence was their best and has been broken for over three months now. I've been driving accross town to other locations but getting old, plenty of other options in South Scottsdale/Temp area so may be time to cancel @ Celebrity.
3	The staff always seem annoyed to see you, like you're interrupting them. On many occasions, it seems like their friends are hanging out there behind the desk and they are much more focused on their conversation than the customer standing in front of them. Also I've come in an hour before close and had to wait for a super bed. There are at least four in that place, and there were no customers. Is the staff just too lazy to keep more than one running? Not sure. But on several occasions I have had to wait more than a few minutes for a bed when they weren't busy, and a few times I have just left because I really didn't have time to wait. :/Prices are average. But, staff doesn't seem too interested in making a sale. I went here for 7 months until I was offered a package.  But my main complaint is the staff. A shame because if they were more focused on customer service, I would definitely rate higher. What happened to the thin blonde with the big smile who worked here last year?! She was great!EDIT: The staff is still far more focused of socializing with their friends than helping customers. I came in the other day and the desk girl's friends were blocking the front desk. Making me wait behind them. Really?! I think management really needs to look into their staff and their behavior. This is your job, not social hour. Not to mention, attention should be paid to what they are doing. I came in one day, and asked specifically to do 7 minutes and the girl set it for 9. Being under the impression that my bed was set for the correct time, I laid down and relaxed. I ended up very burned the next day. :(EDIT (agaiiiin)Okay, so I'm bumping this place up a star because it seems like the customer service has really rallied and changed for the better (not everyone, but the girls who are there in the evenings seem to have). I really hope this stays because I really like the location and the beds!
1	DO NOT I repeat DO NOT go to this location! I usually go to the one on frank Lloyd wright because that's right around where I work,but I live near this one so I thought I'd try it out. First off the aesthetics of this one are quite displeasing and unfriendly. The retail here is a better selection but I would buy my lotions online if I were you. I got a mystic tan for the first time and it turned out a nightmare!! It was extremely streaky and a bit orange-y. It felt as if the machine was only spraying one side of me and sure enough it looks that way too. I also had to blot dry a couple of areas because it didn't dry while in the machine. Needless to say I'll be going back to versa. I definitely feel like the staff was unfriendly and like I was waisting their time just by being there. If I could give them 0 stars I would...
1	Ok.. I don't usually like to rag on places.. But had a crappy experience here. When i walked in, two girls were behind the counter and just awkwardly mentioned that they didn't work there, but their friend would be out in a sec. After a few times of yelling her name through the building, she showed up, checked me in. I'm new to town, I got a spray tan. It was a $5 coupon online, that doesn't mention extra charge for solution, or bronzer, I ended up paying the cost I could get a spray tan anywhere. Whatever. She told me the machine would tell me everything to do. Ok. Good thing I've done this before. The tan sucked. Bummer, I could have become a long time customer, but ehh.
3	I have heard negative reviews about the staff, but in my experience they have always been really nice. What I don't like about this salon is the bathroom is all the way downstairs, there aren't many mirrors, and the beds aren't that great. It is convenient for college students.
2	I went in on a Tuesday when they were offering a free tan in any bed for new customers. So I opted to try the Diamond bed, it's suppose to be I of the strongest beds... I haven't tanned for a while, so I decided to do the full 15 minutes, thinking if it gets too hot I would get out. I ended up staying in the whole time. Towards the end I felt like the plastic underneath me was going to break, it was making all these weird cracking sounds.. Which I've never experienced before (I only weigh 130). When I got out I noticed a huge crack down the clear side of the tanning bed!!! So that's why I heard the cracking sounds... Scary!! Anyway as for the tan... I got absolutely no results!!! I was pretty disappointed, but it was free. I will not be returning here again!
4	The only problem I've had is that the spray tan machine has been down every now and again, which I get but super annoying still. Friendly staff. Great spray tan (use the barrier cream on your hands and feet). They do charge you for all the little add ons so even if you buy the groupon, you're still spending $18 for a spray but that's still a good deal! I like this place if you're in need of a quick spray tan :)
5	My first time was very exceptional. The blonde lady at the counter was very helpful and she cared about everything and helped me figure out which bed was the best. I will definitely be returning.
4	This place is great!! Love tanning here! Good price and nice beds! Chelsea was super helpful!
1	Went here because I had a groupon.  Every time I walked in no one was at the front desk.  I had to say, "Hello?" for an employee to come out from the back room, walk to the front desk and check me in almost every time I went to tan.  While tanning in the beds, I heard cracking sounds from the plastic of the bed (I'm not at all overweight.)  If you need to use their restroom, you have to go to a gross one downstairs. They had a sale where their tanning lotions were 30% off.  After the discount, they were $70.  I was suckered into buying one. Then I checked amazon and they were $24.50.  Ugh these guys are a rip off.
4	Pro's:Friendly staff, well maintained beds and great location!Con's:Every single door in the salon seems to be broken along with the door lock.
2	Pros: The staff is very friendly and seem knowledgeable about the mystic tan process (Or whatever its called ). I came in with a groupon and she was very accommodating. They do however tack on add-ons along with the tan , but oh well!Cons: They were out of the the darker spray tan solution. Unfortunately I am pretty pale , so I really need a darker spray tan. After waiting the full 8 hours my tan was maybe only two shades above my natural color ! That was a let down considering I used the mystic tan for a special occasion. I ended up buying store bought tanning products to make myself darker.
5	Love the new Versa!! You can try it out for only 5$!!! Gives amazing results and the spray tan lasted about 10 days for me. I always get the light color with the prep spray, which is an additional 2$ super inexpensive compared to other salons that charge 50$ for ONE spray!
1	Came in just because I had a $5 coupon, the staff that greeted me was SO rude and you could tell they were just talking crap about me and my friends right in front of us. The place is very dirty and you could tell the mat outside of the mystic spray tanning booth had not been washed. Worst tanning experience I have ever had.
