2	It is mediocre at its finest.Our server, Julius, was not cut out to be working with customers.  He reminded me of Kel Mitchell, from Nickelodeon's Kenan & Kel show.  Except, picture Kel, experiencing the terrors of tripping on pot.Julius seemed way out of it, and exuded the enthusiasm of Ben Stein's character in Ferris Bueller's Day Off.My wife asked to taste the chile verde, and he brought us diced green chiles.  They blew our heads off!The food was just food.  Nothing special.  I wont be back.
3	Wife and I tried Arriba on our short trip to Arizona...and my overall experience was it was okay.  Nothing really blew me away.  We first ordered the Nachos for appetizers which were good, nothing special, but good.  It was also huge in portion size!  Could feed about 6 people!  I then ordered the Carne Asada which, eh, was just okay.  We may visit this place again to give it another try.In summary, okay food, okay service, okay prices.
1	This may be my worst dining experience ever.The scenery was beautiful, we can't complain about that. The menu was decent, there was a good number of selections to choose from. However the prices were definitely high, we're just talking tacos & burritos here...I ordered a taco salad with steak. It was $11.99, for lunch...which I thought was crazy.  When I got the salad, it was the cheap iceberg lettuce, with a couple tomatoes & a few onions. The steak was DISCUSTING. I wouldn't feed a dog that steak meat. I asked the waiter for some salad dressing, he gave me this funny look and said "most people just use salsa, but I guess I can get you some ranch or something". Great service, huh? I asked the waiter about the margarittas, and he willingfully told me that the 3 cheapest ones are no good and are too watered down. Nice...so I then asked about the Patron Margaritta (my fav tequilla). The Patron rita was $16!!! The waiter was extremely unprofessional, and even gave us this pitch about how he's only working there until he finds a new "gig". The prices were ridiculous! I would NEVER go there again and hope to share my story with many people before they waste their money!!
2	The meal starts with some really good chips served with a selection of 3 different salsas and a bean dip.  But, that's as impressive as it gets.  The main plates are more about quantity over quality and I felt like the prices were high compared to similar restaurants.  The service was fine, but I just wasn't taken with the food and probably won't be back.
1	I had no idea it was going to be so hot that I would not be able to taste anything for days after.  I am all for hot food, but this was NUTS!!  Was the joke on me?  who knows, but I will probably NEVER eat at this place again based on how hot the food was.  I had the Green Chili burrito and could taste nothing but unbelievable HEAT.
2	Behold and Beware The Power of Mexican Chiles in ActionThat was the theme of our first time here. MH ordered the Steak Tampico, marked as a 3 pepper dish. Seeing what followed with him was entirely new to me. If you can see a brown person turn red, you know it's hot. His take: "among the spiciest things I've ever eaten, better than sinus medication if you have a cold". Hotter than the most diabolical chicken wings that we had together and needed 2 full pitchers of water with. Evidently the chiles in the red sauce which covered the bottom of the plate spread into the guacamole, the lettuce, the tomato, the olive ... The white sauce on top performed the same function for the steak ... Although he finished about half, which is usual. I wonder how long the effect will last and am monitoring the situation ... Our server was friendly and attentive. The chips and salsas were filling. My chicken ? dish was fine. Didn't see why sour cream is an (expensive) extra. The flour tortillas on the side were ok, but bland. Nothing to compare with El Sol. The plates were cute, as they had the name of the restaurant  handwritten and fired into the various bright colors ... The menu had photos, a little blurry but nice touch. Maybe it's just me but I'm not really fond of burritos and chimichangas swimming in sauce. Not that I got either this time, but if I do a special request would definitely be in order. Overall, I don't think the quality of the food is worth the price. ok, but ordinary. I may go again, being married to a hot food junkie, but who knows - the effects of this particular mouth-burning may go deeper than I think. Time will tell ... off to give him an acid pill :-)
3	ok ok ok, before you lambast me because of my previous review - hear me out.  I learned that they have a hot system, and I stayed away from the atomic crap that KILLED me last time, but this time around it was good.  It was not the best Mexican I have ever had, but it really was decent.  I will go back and try more now.  Faith has been restored!
1	While I understand that this is a chain restaurant, I still think there are much better Mexican food places to go to than Arriba.This was my first experience with Arriba Mexican Grill. I ordered the Chile Colorado. The menu designates this as a 2-chile (fiery) dish and to me it was mildly spicy (1-chile or snappy according to their ratings). I was supposed to get rice, beans and tortillas with this and when it was brought to my table, there were no frijoles negro nor tortillas. I pointed this out to my waitress. She apologized and said that she'd be back with them right away. About 5 min later, she walked by the table with no beans or tortillas in sight and asked her about them again. She forgot.  By the time I got my beans and tortillas, I was done with my dinner!!!After paying for my meal and going up to the front, I asked to speak to the manager about this horrible situation (I waited to complain to the manager because I didn't want my food tainted by something - seen it done too many times when I worked in a restaurant). I told the tale of experience to the manager and it fell upon deaf, or unsympathetic, ears.I WILL NEVER EAT, DRINK OR STEP INTO THIS PLACE AGAIN!!!
5	Arriba's is a very unique "New Mexican" cuisine ... different than typical Mexican fare in the Valley.  We used to take a drive up to Scottsdale every so often to go to Arriba's, but were glad when they opened in Gilbert!  If you love spicy, this is your joint ... if you don't, it's still great--just ask for them don't turn up the heat quite so far!  I wear glasses, and if I'm not careful at Arriba's, they start steaming up as I eat!  Arriba's is a chain, so it feels somewhat that way.  But their food is so unusual, it's worth it.  The White Sands Chimchanga is wonderful.  The Poco Pollo Con Queso is my favorite ... golden brown chicken chimichanga topped with two kinds of cheese, served with rice and refried beans.  If you like the hatch chile experience, Arriba's is IT.
2	The only reason this place even gets two stars is because of our waiter, he was very nice and fairly attentive.  The food was blah and bought, not made.  It started with the tostitos tasting chips, maybe not even that good. The salsa was boring, even tasting a little like Pace.  I had a burrito, rice, and beans, pretty standard.  The meat in the burrito was ok, nothing to write home about, but not bad.  The tortilla, again tasting like it was from a store had very little taste.  The red sauce was awful, straight out of the can.  The rice had very little to no flavor, but I will say the refried beans had  decent flavor.  Plus... $1.99 for a dollop of sour cream and $2.49 for the same in guacamole...are you kidding!!
1	We went here for a family dinner.  Our family is loud and boisterous but not obnoxious.  We asked to be seated in the bar since some of us wanted to watch the game.  No problems so far.Our waiter was really nice at first, but seemed flustered and as if he wasn't getting the help he needed to keep up with his tables.  I waited tables for 12 years and this guy was nearly literally scrambling to keep up, a sure sign of not enough help or lack of teamwork.  Of the two hostesses, ONE of them could have bothered to help him out by refilling water, tea and soda for us, but alas they did nothing.  We waited so long for drink refills that my husband got up and saw a pitcher of coke on the bar, so he poured himself a glass, which he was scolded for!  I could not believe it, I was shocked.  A guest should NEVER be treated this way.  If anything, someone should have apologized to my husband for not giving us what we needed for the meal. The chips were good, and they kept them coming, so props to them for that.  They are served with bean dip and salsa.  I liked the salsa a lot, not spicy enough for me, but a good amount and mixture of yummy stuff, including cilantro which I find many "salsas" don't even contain!  To me, it is not salsa without cilantro.  The teensy bowls of salsa they bring though need some rethinking.  They should either bring one per person or consider a bigger size.  It's only about 2 Tablespoons, and that aint much salsa (beware, some sides of rice and beans also come in these super tiny containers - three or four bites and it's gone)!  Anyhow, we ate tons of chips and salsa because the food took SO long to come out.  Our waiter sort of apologized for this by keeping us updated that it was actually coming.....someday.Our food came out a good 35-40 minutes after we ordered.  Sadly, two meals were completely missing in action and the two of us that ordered fajitas (which came out of the kitchen very cool, not even the slightest bit of heat from the iron skillet or the meat) had to wait at least 10 minutes for their tortillas, so they couldn't even eat what was at the table, which was getting cold.  After the two missing meals came out, one was the wrong meat, red meat instead of chicken.  More waiting...the table eats, minus one.  When everyone is nearly finished, the right chicken taco dish comes out.  It was delicious, but overpriced.  The chicken was nicely grilled and the tacos were served the way I like them, with a little bit of onions, more cilantro, lettuce, lime and pico de gallo.  They also came with cheese, but I don't like cheese on tacos.  They came on tiny little corn tortillas, which themselves were good, but way too small to make decent tacos that didn't fall apart.  Plus, I ran out of  the tortillas before my meat and other stuff was gone.Our waiter was really nice except for the scolding (I'm still floored by that), so I can't decide if he sucked or the place sucks, or maybe they both do...We definately won't be back.
5	Well, we found a new favorite restaurant! We have been several times, I just never wrote the review. After seeing the commercial for this place, we decided to drive down and try it. The chips and salsa came as quickly on the 5th visit as they did the first visit. The restaurant is very cute inside, and we have greeted every time by friendly staff members at as we entered the restaurant. The margaritas get 9/10 limes as they are wonderful. They would have received 10/10's but the frozen strawberry margaritas served to the group had sugar on the rim. This family is a salt-on-the rim kind of family, and it would have been nice if the server had asked our preference. I love chile rellenos and of course ordered them here, and have had them each and every time since. Now, the first time I ordered these I wasn't as prepared for the amount of heat and punch the hatch chiles offered-even though I had been prepared/warned by the 3 chili listing on the menu which meant-prepare to sweat (my words not theirs). In other visits my friend asked for the green chiles on the side and this helped reduce the heat.Trust me if the menu states it is 3 chili hot, it is hot. Yummy for those of us that love the heat.     Only once did we have sub-par service, and of course it was when I took my mom there. I assured her that this waitress and her lackadaisical attitude was not the norm. 4/5 times we had remarkable service. The salsa is great and more is brought quickly when you run out. The food is tasty, and delicious. It is, as I said before, our new favorite restaurant.
5	Weekend Breakfast Review Only =  Came here Sunday morning after church and getting complimentary chips and salsa immediatly after sitting down definitely calmed my inner hunger beast.  Next came the coffee, oh the coffee, so delicious with a hint of hazelnut or vanilla, I meant to ask what it was but got too engrossed in my Huevos Rancheros I forgot.  These were definitely some of the best Huevos Rancheros I've had at a restaurant. Beans - good, Potatoes - good, Sauce - delish!  I was so stuffed half way through I had to take a small break to get those delicious looking pancakes in, and they are goooooood pancakes.  Great meal on all levels, the waitress was super nice too, so much good food for the money and so many other delicious looking options on the menu, I will definitely be back, loved it!
4	The food is always great. As mild or spicy as you want. Usually the service is great. The last time we were there it took forever to get our food. It was still good, just took a while.
4	Great Carne Asada.  Pretty rad that they have Hatch Green Chilis from New Mexico, and an entire portion of their menu dedicated to New Mexican food, as well as regular Mexican food.  Also, they brew their own beer, which makes any restaurant/bar more legit.  TVs with sports, booze, and good food.  Definitely cannot complain.
4	My fiance and I went there last night for the first time and it was really good, but a little too spicy.  I like spice, but the kind that lingers in your mouth for hours.  For dessert I got the stuffed sopapilla and it is to die for!  The atmosphere was very enjoyable too!
1	Here's the 1. 2. 3...1. Great Food. I love hot New Mexico style food. Good job.2. They have a little brewery and make 3 house beers. Unfortunately, they're all shitty.3. They could REALLY improve the service. No Bueno! We'll be back for the food. It might be take out next time though!4-17-11 Update: Some asshole who was clearly affiliated with Arribas contacted me via private message to slam me for my review. I hope the yelp police find you and pull you off the site. More importantly, I hope more people read my review and stay away from this restaurant. Good Food folks, just get it to go! To Bryan L. and the rest of the gang over at Arribas....Go EFF yourselves! You get one star and NO more of my money!!!!!!! Learn how to work, Kid!
4	The spiciness is just right. Portions are large enough to share. Suhail our waiter was incredible.
2	Decent for a strip-mall type of restaurant I suppose.  Nothing amazing.  Our waitress seemed annoyed at my grandmas questions about the menu.  She's old, give her a break!
1	Once again not nuts about this place.  Food seems to have lost its flavor, the front counter folks could put a smile or two on their faces.  I cant stand when someone hates their job and you can tell!
3	PRO:1. Good food - Menu has enough variety to keep things interesting2. Margaritas are BIG - They aren't going to blow your hair back or anything, but they are good. 3. Friendly staff when I have visited.4. To Go service is quick and cheap. In and out without a hassle.CONS: 1. Slow service, had to ask for the check twice...never good.2. The ambiance is a little 'cheesy' and the music can be loud.All in all, it's a nice sit-down Mexican food chain. You can get better Mexican/tex-mex food in the valley, but this is good for the price.
4	They have the best server here.  Seriously, if serving was a sport, there would be scouts trying to steal this guy away from this Arriba's.  I wish all servers were exactly like him.  He puts great thought and attention into his suggestions.Aside from server of the year, Arriba's is a my favorite of the Garcia/Macayo type of Mexican food chains.  The food tastes fresh and it seems like there's some thought behind the menu, not just the typical meals.  It's not my first pick of restaurants but they have cheap margaritas!
4	Me likey, me likey  a lot
1	No flavor and poor service.. Wouldn't recommend.
1	Tried to eat here.  Despite sixteen open tables there was a twenty minute wait.  When I asked the manager about this he was very rude so we left.  We will not be back.
1	The worst hostesses (your going to try and put a six year old in the bar??), compounded with surly and inattentive waiter + food not on par with their other locations. Big disappointment. This won't be a stop for us in the future and that stinks because I was so excited Arriba's opened a location on my side of town. I had the white sands chimi which has always been good, but there was no pork to the chili. Rice was like it was leftover and when my bean burrito loving little one wouldn't eat the "yucky tortilla and spicy beans", we were out.
2	I went to Arriba last night with my wife and another couple.  I have been to this location a handful of times and always had the same result.  The food was okay but the main problem here is the super slow service. It took us nearly two hours to eat dinner here.  It took forever to get our chips and salsa.  It took us nearly as long to get our drinks.  Forget about refills.    When our food finally arrived we asked for an additional plate but never got it.  I asked for a water when our food came out and got it after I was 3/4 done with my meal...and I do not eat fast.  Our waiter was friendly but hardly ever checked in with us.  When we asked for the check he said he would bring it in five minutes.  His five minute deadline was not met.I don't think I will be eating here again.  I have given them too many chances.
1	My boyfriend and I went to this Arriba's location about a week ago.  We are regulars at this location because of my love of their shrimp and scallops enchiladas.  My boyfriend is not a huge fan but he humors me at times.  We get seated and he orders enchiladas with red chile.  Our food comes out and his enchiladas have green chile on them.  He looks at me to double check and make sure he had said red chile and I tell him that I heard him say red chile.  It's not a big deal and so we tell the waiter.  The waiter says he thought we had said green chile but is very nice and takes it back to the kitchen to have them change it.  As I'm starting on my meal, we hear arguing from the kitchen.  We hear someone yell in the kitchen, "I wrote down green chile but that guy out there is saying he said red chile."  After hearing this, we don't really feel comfortable staying at the restaurant.  We call over the manager and explain what happened.  He was very nice and we offered to pay our bill for our drinks and my dish but the manager told us to not worry about it and that he hoped we would return.  We just didn't feel comfortable staying and eating after hearing the arguing from the kitchen concerning our food. It made us feel unwelcome and as if they thought we were at fault for what had happened.  I come here mainly for the shrimp and scallops enchiladas, which I absolutely love.  In the past few years, I have noticed the quality of the food decline.  The shrimp/scallop enchiladas used to come out piping hot with lots of cheese and covered in a rich cream sauce.  The last few times I have been to the restaurant, the tortilla has been dry, no sauce, and it looks like they just slapped two pieces of sliced cheese on top of the enchilada.  I have been very disappointed.  All that being said;PROS: great chips and salsa              usually great servers               managers have been very pleasant and accomodatingCONS:  decline in food quality               hostesses are not very friendly               menus always feel very oilyI think that we will probably try a different Arriba's location in the future.
1	Horrible food, no way comparable to other mexican restaunrants in the valley..... Food didn't taste good at all
1	I will never eat here again. I don't recommend any one eat here.
3	Food was good, but hard to find anything not so spicy. This gringo does not like to have a mouth full of fire. Even something that was listed without any peppers (their measure of how hot, none being less hot, 4 being fire) I was hurting afterwards. Oh well, service was good and food was good otherwise.
4	This was our 2nd visit to Arriba's for my wife and I and since they only serve breakfast on the weekends we had their Huevos Rancheros Stacker. It is the closest thing to Little Anita's in New Mexico and the only place to get good Hatch Chile cooking. I applaud your service we never had to ask for anything. Our server Suhail was outstanding and always came by to check on us. We will be regulars for breakfast from here on out
3	Staff is ok. The food at this location is better than others. Tortilla soup is great here
2	Gave it an extra star for the atmosphere, I like the bar area it's open and relaxing.  Bad service, bad food and overpriced- drinks included.  Ordered the mini chimis and they are very dry and salty, your supposed to dip it in their flavored butter what ever it is that's not good.  I'd rather just get sour cream with it.  The margarita for two is huge, but got it over ice and that's what you get, ice.  Their food doesn't come close to anything that resembles mexican.
3	Not my favorite. The food was just ok. The service was good though. For my family of 5 we paid $35 so the prices are about the same you would pay anywhere else. I wont go back if i have a choice. To be more spacific I felt like this food was more American Mexican style food than authentic stuff.
1	worst food i have ever had! enter to a horrible musty smell. sit down and the waiter says "don't order the ground beef anything, customers say it is spoiled and rancid tonight"!  the kitchen is still selling it?? food comes out cold, beans equaled 2 tablespoons and rice was hard as a rock.  meals were: 1 taco w/rice and beans, 1 taco w/rice and beans and 2 tacos w/rice and beans, 1 water, one beer, one coke= $55.80! not only will i never return, but contacted the board of health!
1	BEWARE! This is not only a bad restaurant, but really a danger to everyone! We went in and the first thing we noticed was a musty mildew smell. should have left, but WE DIDN'T.The waiter was very polite, took drink orders and said "don;t get anything with the ground beef because it is rancid and people are puking"! I said "it is still on the menu?" at he said "the manager did not want to pull it in case someone wants ground beef".  ARE YOU KIDDING ME??We were really hungry and STUPID and stayed, but did not order the ground beef. The chips were cold when brought out.Get this: We ordered a 2 taco combo, 2 taco combo, and 1 enchilada with rice and beans. There was about 3 tbs of rice and 2 tbs of beans on each plate! I asked the waited and he said that they were running low and rationing. We had a coke, a beer and a .99 cent Margarita and the bill for this mess was $67.96!Not only will I never go again, but I contacted the board of health!I risked my life and wallet to get nothing!
2	We've eaten at Arriba a few times now.  I really don't care for their food, and service is slow more often than not.  The first time we went we were there it took a good two hours!  And that's not because we're slow eaters.  We did stop in for happy hour last week though, and although their margaritas aren't the greatest, they're decent enough!  They ofter a 12 oz. house margarita for .99 or a 24 oz. grande for 4.99.  Why people would pay five times as much for a marg twice the size, I don't know.  We each had three .99 margs, ate the chips, salsa and bean dip and our bill came to 5.94.  $6 and I left with a full stomach and a buzz.  Nice!
1	I have some friends that ALWAYS go to Arriba and they always talk about it. I seriously don't know why! I now feel sorry for them because if this is what they think is good Mexican food they've got it all wrong!!!My daughter had finished 2nd grade that day and I let her pick any place of her choice. Lo and behold she shouted: Arriba momma!!!! :SWell, to Arriba we went myself and 4 kids.  I don't even want to tell you what we had but it was HORRIBLE!!! I'm actually embarrassed to say we went!!! Stay away from there!! We've been told that they have great margaritas but I don't know if I should believe that anymore. No more Arriba for us. I also think that it is overpriced!! Not worth to pay that much money for junk food...Go to Filiberto's and get rolled tacos... seriously!!!
1	After waiting 10 minutes for our server to approach our table on a very slow Tuesday night we ordered our drinks and entrees. My husband a taco salad and I wanted to try something new so I went with fajitas. Whenever I see fajitas coming out they are engulfed with steam and you can hear them coming, well not my order it was barely hot. The beans tasted canned and guacamole was awful. We have been going to the one in Phoenix and Scottsdale for years and always loved it. It seems like the food and service is going downhill fast!
2	I've been a few times now and I really don't get the appeal.  The place seems a little hodge-podge in their decor, the food isn't very good (not awful, but why go out and spend money on mediocre food?), and the service is pretty slow.  I've tried a couple different dishes and I'd prefer to go to a carry-out place for this type of "mexican" food.  My opinion, don't waste your time or money.
2	service is good but the food is going down hill. If you like hot, get a side of hatch chilis
1	Overpriced.  I'd rather go to Filibertos or Macayos.
1	Sad to say definitely not a fan. Ive experienced much better Mexican for less than half the price. I'd rather get a cheap Crunch Wrap Supreme from TacoBell and save myself a couple bucks. The food wasn't necessarily bad it just wasn't good either. So with prices like that you'd be crazy to actually go back when truth is, it just isn't worth it... like at all.
3	Their white sand burrito tastes like it was frozen in a freezer, then warmed up enough to serve. I decided to give Arribas the benefit of the doubt after my "gross" white sand burrito, and visit again. This time, my husband and I ordered the Mexican pizza (called Abodaba, or something?) I am not kidding... It made me want to vomit. I didn't want to make a fuss or anything because we were with a party of 10+ people. But, someone else in our party ordered a burrito with the same meat that we had on our pizza and said the meat was making her sick too. We told the waitress about it, and she brought out a different pizza, but with beef this time. I thought that was nice of the servers... except that by the time they brought out a new pizza, our party was ready to leave. We put it in a take-out box and finished the leftovers later. Regardless, I will not be visiting Arribas again and would discourage others from visiting too.
1	We had seen the commercials for this place often, so we thought we would try it for lunch.  We discovered this was not a good idea.  First we waited in the front to be seated while no one even noticed us for about 5 minutes, and we were the only ones there. Then the plates on the table had greasy marks all over them, and my napkin was wet before I even sat down.  The salsa tasted like it was from a jar and the bean dip was fairly flavorless.  The chips were fine.  I ordered two ground beef tacos with rice and beans.  I thought how wrong could I go with this?  It was the worst taco I have ever had in my life.  It was greasy and gristly.  The beef had a horrible flavor.  The side of beans tasted like a glob of refried beans from a can, and ironically were the only thing I could choke down.  I was also surprised at the higher prices than I had anticipated.  I feel completely ripped off by this experience and will never, ever go to Arriba anywhere again.  Try Serranos for a cheaper much tastier and cleaner experience!
3	Food was okay, I was expecting more while in Gilbert.  Service was good no complaints there just was expecting a less chain type experience.
4	My wife and I went to this restaurant just a few days ago.  We were very pleased at the service, the food, and the price.  I have really been surprised at some of the reviews for this restaurant on Yelp, as our experience seems to have been better than some others have had.  I got cheese enchiladas, which came with rice and beans, and it was delicious!  The chips were fresh and the salsa was not bad.  The menu is packed full of New Mexico style mexican food, so you should expect that.  I am new to Arizona, and this will be a place I definitely want to go back to.  I have no idea why there are so many bad reviews on here, but we were more than satisfied with the food, and the staff was very nice and prompt.  We give it four stars and recommend you give it a try.  (And stay away from El Palacio, in Chandler, as we ate there tonight and it was horrible.  I have another review for that place).
3	We arrived about 8:30pm. Blake was our server. He was very friendly and efficient. The biggest thing my husband and I are searching for is a nice Mexican place where we can east chips, cheese dip and salsa. This is the second place we have tried in the Gilbert/Phoenix area...all I can say is try , try again. My husband's comment was "this is the worst enchilada I've ever had." The burrito was just very bland, as was the salsa(the salsa is hot also). The place is not horrible, its just plain and flavorless. Another server who had overheard our conversation suggested for the best queso and salsa..."your house. Seriously, homemade salsa and queso is not going to be topped."  Oh well....we will keep trying.
3	After seeing the other reviews for this place, I was nervous.  But it looked like they had decent frozen margaritas, so we gave it a shot. Service was fast, friendly (despite our pickiness about what options were vegetarian), and our waitress checked back very regularly, even though it was pretty obvious we weren't ordering more drinks. Atmosphere was pretty good.  Lots of families with kids, but at least no annoying birthday songs every 10 mins.  Place seems clean, and our booth was pretty comfy.We only ordered one margarita each, and they're freakin huge! My house margarita was ok, the wife was less impressed with her frozen strawberry version.As for the food... Meh.  They brought us chips to start.  The salsa and dip were good, but the chips were all either really stale, or really undercooked, and completely unseasoned.  I then had their regular chimmy, and the wife had a burrito.  Both of those were pretty good.Bottom line, I think the place is worth a try.  I'm just not chomping at the bit to go back.
2	I believe I'd been to an Arriba quite awhile ago, but it has been a long time.We went on a busy Friday night, so in that case I try to go into restaurants prepared to make many allowances as I know that crowds of people and long waits do not make for an ideal situation. Unfortunately, even considering my reduced expectations, I can't really recommend Arriba to anyone. The room we were seated in had a lovely rock wall with water flowing over it, however the tables and chairs were cheap, and brightly colored which contrasted with the "zen" feeling of the water wall. Our server was excellent - I can't remember his name. He handled the busyness of the dining room and the various requests we had to shower on him (more silverware, clean silverware, menus, etc) cheerfully and quickly. He was well spoken and just really great.The table was filthy - the appetizer menu and condiment holders at the end of the table had old refried beans (I assume) crusted on them, the silverware on the table was dirty - even the food presentation was sloppy and gross. Regarding the food - it is difficult to screw up the components of Mexican food - cheese, meat, beans, tortillas/chips.  The salsa seemed like jarred store salsa, so not a great start. We ordered the Nachos Grande to share and they were okay - the chips seemed like storebought tortilla chips and the toppings were scattered haphazardly across the pile. I ordered the Hatch Chile Relleno, which I was excited about because it was noted as very spicy with three chiles beside it on the menu. It tasted okay but really did not have much flavor and was absolutely not spicy at all. The temperature of the dish was lukewarm.We also shared the chocolate chimichanga dessert, which was pretty good (however it's tough to go wrong with chocolate!) The portion size was good for four of us to split. The majority of my experience wasn't terrible, but the disgusting condition of the table really marred everything else, which is too bad.
2	My friends took me here for my birthday while I was visiting from California. As one other reviewer said, "At least there were no annoying birthday songs every 10 minutes."  When informed it was my birthday, the server just looked at me and said, "Oh, um, happy birthday?" and walked off. She could have at least explained that they don't do anything for birthdays. I wasn't too disappointed, but my friends were expecting them to say or do something. The food was okay, but I felt really rushed. We weren't even done eating when the bill was brought to the table. The place wasn't packed, so it wasn't like they needed the table. I definitely won't be in a rush to go back. It just didn't feel like a particularly inviting place.
5	Great Mexican  food ! Great atmosphere !!
4	Two visits to the location off the 202 great food and service each time. If you love or even moderately like green chili then you have to come here!
3	When I first started going to Arriba years ago, they were truly a New Mexican oriented restaurant.  I don't know if they changed owners, but now they are more focused on being a microbrewery and less on Hatch/Santa Fe style foods.  Their guacamole is still a very good buy - great with some of their freshly made flour tortillas to make guacamole burritos.  Most of their other food is too salty and too cheesy for my taste.  I like minimalist Mexican food so I can taste the rich sauces and fresh corn tortillas - I think Arriba lacks this freshness.  Chips and salsa are very good.
4	The food was delicious! I've been here many times and I have never been disapointed!
1	Not impressed whatsoever. Went on a Friday before it got packed and it still took 15-20 minutes just to get our drinks. While I liked the price, I did not like the margarita. Our waiter took other people's food order before ours even though we were seated first. When placing our food order the waiter kept trying to walk away when I was not done ordering. The food was ok but I've definitely had better. We'll be sticking to Tia Rosas.
5	After reading through these reviews, I have to say I am a little surprised at all the bashing this place has been getting. Arriba's happens to be one of my favorite Mexican restaurants.I've been here twice, on a Monday evening and on a Friday night for specials occasions and each time the service has been fast, friendly, and wonderful. The chips were good, the salsa was fresh and spicy (just how like it), and our waiter was patient with how indecisive my dear family can be at ordering.When we finally got our food, everyone enjoyed it a lot. It didn't take a million years to get to our table either. I ordered the Chile Poblano the first time and thought it had really nice flavor (the rest of my family thought so too considering they couldn't stop trying to eat it haha.) The second time I decided to order something spicier so I got the Hatch Chicken Especial. That was probably one of the more spicy dishes I've eaten in my life, but it still kept nice flavor. My chicken was thoroughly cooked, seasoned well, rice and beans were delicious, I loved it. I'm sad that some people have had such poor experiences here, I'm hoping it was just a bad server or an off day for them, because I haven't been disappointed yet. I should warn those that aren't fans of spicy (like my dad) to stay well below the 2 chile sign on the menu. But if you're more like me and love spice, try the 3 chiles. I hope this review helps!
1	after shopping at the costco next door for 8 years we finally decided to try out arriba.  what a stupid idea.  it was 8:30 so it wasn't crowded.  when we sat down we immediately asked for water and nobody brought it.  when the server came we asked her for water but she had chips with her.  5 minutes later someone else brought it and we were even more thirsty.  did i mention that it wasn't crowded?  right when we walked in they sat us down.  after the water came and we downed it she finally came to take our order.  we ordered and i noticed that they have their own microbrew beer so i asked for a sample of one of them before i ordered a 22 ouncer.  food came pretty quickly but there were only two place settings and she didn't bring me the beer sample- i had to remind her. she brought the settings but no sample.  she brought the sample and left.  when we were most of the way through our dinner she came to ask if i liked the beer?  who cares?  i'm not ordering one now anyway!!!!  i will say that the food was good but this is about the whole experience.  when she finally came to ask if we wanted a desert we asked for stuffed sopapillas and she left.  then our kids changed their mind so i told them to go find her.  they were gone for 5 minutes and came back to tell us that they couldn't find her.  they left again and couldn't find her so came back.  then she came back to tell us that they were out of sopapillas!!  cool, so we order what the kids want and she leaves.  5 minutes later she comes back and tells us again that they are out of sopapillas and we look at her and say "yeah, that's why we want the other thing..."  she brings it another 5 minutes later and finally brings us our bill.  i put my card on it, we wait, the kids get restless and the family decide to go wait outside.  only then did she come take my card to pay.  way to make a good first and last impression.  We are never ever ever, going back to Arriba.  You go talk to your friends talk to my friends talk to me.  We are never ever ever, going back to Arriba
4	The food is delicious and the salsa is one of my favorites around the Gilbert area.  I have not had a bad service experience at this Arribas, though I typically go during busy dining times.
5	Chili rellano was delicious. I asked for one with breakfast and they did it for me. Breakfast was great! Our server Cassie was amazing, and I was a server so I mean GOOD! They asked to make the 5 year old with us a smoothie or ice creme! FREE. Chips and Salsa were good, atmosphere was fun, full bar, kid and family friendly. Clean clean restrooms and restaurant. Free samples of microbrew beer! Yum yum yum! Under $50 for 4 people for brunch, huh? Oh but I left a $20 tip! Grrrrreat.
2	It's not awful, but nothing really wowed me about this place. The chips and salsa are good, and their white jalapeno sauce on my chimi was great. The drinks, although HUGE, were pretty watered down and not alot of kick to them. Probably not somewhere I would recommend to anyone for Mexican food.
5	Open Christmas Day! Their food is delicious. Especially breakfast! Mmmm, the salsa mmmmm. Hatch chills, pork, chicken...pollo asada, carne asada...you name it the list goes on. Full bar, Sunday football. Great service especially Cassie. Specials for kids...delish!
1	Terrible service. Uncaring manager. Mediocre food. First and last time here. I should have checked yelp.
2	Holy moly this place was disgusting! Hahaha we still managed to have a fun date night, but I don't think we're coming back anytime soon. BUT the salsa was pretty awesome. Maybe I'll come back just for salsa?
5	Place has great chips and salsa, great food and had great service.. I think it was great and I love Mexican food.  And if you ask for spicy it's actually spicy.. my first review I ever done just because I can't believe it was a 2 and half star place..
1	Our service was terrible. Our server forgot about us, so we sat there for 20-25 mins before we could order. Then our order was wrong, the server fixed it. I was happy until the manager came over to ask how things were. He was defensive and extremely rude! Our order was wrong and they need to fix there menu of they're going to add an ingredient. I'll never eat at Thor location again!
1	This was by far the worst service I've had in awhile, the place was empty and our server never came to us. I think if they changed it to a serve yourself buffet it would be a much better place to have dinner
1	Service at this location is just the worst. I don't know if they are understaffed or just non caring. Food had been super inconsistent the last 3 times I've been here. Some days the beans look like they were scooped out of a can that's been left open 3 days. The Queso Fundido Is the only reason we go back. And if you can hail down a server the $1 margaritas during happy hour are good. The last time I went the place was nearly empty and it took 40 minutes for my order to come out. And when it had it was burnt. If you want Arribas go to the ahwautuki location.
3	The margaritas and chips and salsa are always perfect. The entrees are not consistent along with the service.
4	Great food but seriously mgt doesn't know the password to the guest access to the Wi-Fi. Really?
4	My dads favorite place And its mine too!  Customer service is really awesome and the food is really good!  A+
1	Don't go here... this place has declined so much. Ordered a tostada and my chorizo was watery and greasy at the same time (i dont know how that happened). Our server asked me how my food was and I told her my chorizo was watery. Didnt really do anything. Queso fundido (which was my fave) was bland and lumpy, not flavorful and creamy like it used to be. I think the old chef must have quit...I dont think the place is doing well anyway, it was dead when we came in. Not sure how the Ahwatukee location is doing but I won't be coming back here. Heres to hoping I dont get sick from that rank chorizo I just ate!
4	As you can expect with Arribas. Lots of free chips and bean dip. Generous portions. Prices are fair. Not the fanciest restaurant but the ambiance is nice and the waiter was helpful. Left full and happy.
1	Normally I like this place but I was just there a few days ago and the service was horrible. Waited a hour to get the food. I heard it's under new management. So if that's true then this is how they will run things. Not going back..
1	Came in for breakfast and the place stinks really bad. Not sure if it's old rag smell, but they need to bleach this place bad. Breakfast was served cold.
1	On a scale of 1-10 , 10 being great , this place gets a 3. Food is not good , location and interior decor are good.I will not be returning ...
4	service was very good. beer was cold food was decent. I got the tacos salad. Not a good value.not much meat or anything else other than lettuce. lots of lettuce.  everybody else in my party was happy with there food.place was very clean and a very nice atmosphere. everybody in the place was having a good time.
2	We used to love this place. We would get the nachos, .99 margaritas and split an entree. It's gone downhill so much. The food is now disgusting, service is horrible and the place is filthy. It smells like a toilet. Next time you're in a booth at the bar, look at the corrugated metal.
5	Went there for dinner during happy hour.  Fantastic service by Michael and his manager Francesco came over to chat with us as well. We had them running for drinks and appetizers.  Been there 5+ times and never had a bad meal!
3	went here for a business meeting the food was ok not great but i loved there queso cheese the services was great
1	Last time I was in, I enjoyed my meal.  I really like a good green chili cheese burger.  I ordered a medium rare green chili cheese burger.  A well done burger was dilivered with no chili and no cheese.  The waiter tried to make it right. My conclusion is the foid is highly variable.  I tip well.  When it was all said and done it was 42 dollors for two cheese burgers and two beers.  I did not enjoy my meal.
3	I really wanted this to be a five star rating; but alas the decor and ambience didn't make up for mediocre food. I ordered fish tacos with the understanding they were made with grilled grouper.  When I could find the fish (a search was required because of the mounds of lettuce and cheese) it was a piece of gray matter that was passing as fish. I will give kudos to the waiter;  he was attentive and knowledgeable but my daughter's margaritas was all mix and he offered no apology or explanation. There are too many good Mexican restaurants in Gilbert;  avoid this one.
