5	I echo Teri W's kudos to Nelson Q. for a great Steppin' Out UYE at Chef Marc's newest pizza place on South Rainbow!  Nelson, you know how to plan a great UYE and we're really fortunate to have you in the Yelp community.Now, the UYE.  As always, Chef Marc was extremely gracious, kind, and prepared to wow us with some fine food.  Starting with some great salads--I especially liked the chopped salad-- and continuing with white bean soup or as he said pasta fagioli without the pasta, the start was an omen of what goodness was to follow.We first had some brunch pizzas, pizzas that had been topped with meats (sausage and pancetta) that had been mixed with egg and spread on top.  Very tasty!  Then, some names were drawn from the box and those people got to make their own pizzas and share with the rest of us.  The creations were well done and it was great to see all the smiles on the faces of those making pizzas.  Chef Marc was especially helpful with some youngsters who were there making pizzas.We finished things off with some homemade hot chocolate--made from 70%+ Belgian chocolate--and cannoli and gelato.We did take over the place.  There were about 30 of us there and we had three sets of tables.  I can also tell you the difference between ice cream and gelato and why Chef Marc uses orange and almond woods for his pizza oven.Again, thanks to Nelson for the Steppin' Out good time, to Chef Marc and his crew for great service, and to my fellow Yelpers with whom it's such a pleasure to share food, jokes, stories, and laughs.  Mangia!
5	I attended the UYE at the Novecento on Eastern last fall and I am so happy that I was able to attend the pizza party at this location on Rainbow. The staff was  friendly, welcoming, and enthusiastic. Salad, soup, freshly made pizzas, hot chocolate, and dessert. I was stuffed afterwards. I worked at a pizza place back in high school so it was enjoyable to see others able to partake in creating their own pizzas. I felt like the event was a big Yelper family get together. Good times.Thank you to all that helped organize a great event.
5	We seriously had "The Itis" all day after this event! I get full just thinking about it!Awesome Yelper Nelson Q. is always organizing these super food extravaganza's and this one was no exception. We love Chef Marc of Parma fame and the Q's, plus it was Nelson's birthday...so we couldn't say no!We pretty much took over Chef Marc's newest Novecento location on S. Rainbow. We indulged in a special "All You Can Eat" created just for us. We shared salad, eggplant parmesan, soup, pizza, fresh sliced prosciutto, real hot chocolate, cannoli, and gelato!He even had beer specials for us, how could we resist!I even got my named chosen to make my own pizza with Chef Marc, what an honor and great experience! And my pizza was fabulous if I do say so myself! Am I using too many explanation points, I can't help it!!!!My husband fell in love with their Chopped Salad and he rarely eats salad but insists he could eat this all the time. We got to sample some of their new brunch pizza's with eggs, loved them! I have never been a huge cannoli fan but I managed  to shove 2 down my already stuffed gullet, they were that good.Did I mention I got to hang out with an amazing bunch of Yelpers...that always makes me smile.Thank you to Chef Marc and his hard working staff and Nelson and Sylvia for making this happen!
