3	I went to return a Redbox and my eyes wandered over to a new sign that said, "Mugs Coffee." What's this? A new coffee shop?! Yep...It's a quiet, little coffee shop in the Harris Teeter shopping center (next to Portofino's). They sell muffins and your typical coffee shop beverages. They're in the process of getting a liquor license to sell wine. Free wifi, nice seating, and I think the owner said that they'll get some live music. Actually, now that I write that last little bit, I can't exactly remember...I may be making that up. In any case, if you are needing a quiet spot for productivity to bloom, this is the place...well, until it becomes more well known. Visit here, bring your work or a good book...see you there.
1	Ok, I went to this place for the 1st time, but the pony-tail guy working there was beyond inappropriate. I went in with a laptop, set it down, and was about to order a drink, and he asks me "are you doing a school-work here?", and I was like "uhh just a work.. why?" Without a pause, he went on to ask me "the school is nearby here. Do you work there? Do you live nearby?" I was really astonished how probing and agressive his questionings were. All I managed to respond without telling him off was "well, I don't live around here", but it should've been clear to the dude from the beginning (unless he's completely socially inept) that these kind of one-way-street questioning is completely inappropriate especially between a customer and a server.But the clincher was "where are you from?" he asked me right afterwards, without any pre-text, just completely out-of-blue interrogation style. I'm an asian guy, so he might've been curious, but so what? (Really? You've never seen asian people in Charlotte? Really?). I was thinking, not saying (but should've), "it's none of your effing business where I'm from. Just do your job and give me my coffee." I was gonna work with my laptop there, but I got a hell out of there. Not going back, ever. There were only one another person in the entire coffee shop. I wouldn't be surprised if it's because people are avoiding this inquisitive barista.I can't speak for other people working there though. They may be totally normal.
5	Mugs Coffee is my go to coffee shop.  There is plenty of space, couches, tables, a bar, and yet it still seems cozy.  It kind of reminds me of Cheers, if you go in a few times, the regulars will smile or say hello.  Mugs serves Magnolia Coffee Co and for the coffee snob in you, they have French press and offer the pour over method.  Who knew, you can also get milkshakes at Mugs, hand dipped, delicious Milkshakes, what a surprise!!!
5	Oh, I like this. I like this place a lot. First, it's an independent coffee shop. None of the national chain nonsense here. Second, it's comfy. It's welcoming. It's... really nice! Subdued paint and the paintings are for sale, but they aren't obnoxious.Yeah, the coffee is good, but that's not the reason i go to a coffee shop. I go to a coffee shop to hang out, to surf the internet, to see people and sure, to drink some coffee. Mugs has all that and it's just such a great spot to chill. Tons of seating, whether it's the armchairs facing the fireplace, the bar with bar stools, the sofas and coffee tables, the hightops or just the regular tables. Power outlets a plenty. And the wifi is easy to access (current password is on the board) and speedy.Background music is quiet and peaceful without being annoying or too loud. I don't know if it's always 'Sirius Coffeeshop' but it was today. Excellent choice. The TV up on the wall was tuned to HGTV on mute with closed captioning.Tons of parking.Did I already say that I liked this place? Because I do!
3	I like the drinks fine, the service is very friendly.
4	I dig you, Mugs. I dig you. It's an unassuming coffee shop amidst a strip mall near the Harris Teeter, but Mugs packs some punch. Serving up Counter Culture Coffee, this spot has plenty of space for a group meeting or a quiet corner to get some work done! I strolled in and chatted with the friendly employee and shortly decided on an iced coconut latte. It was a great choice if I do say so myself. Creamy, cool and reminiscent of a tasty Almond Joy! I then scouted out a seat, set myself up on their free Wi-Fi and went to work. Easy as pie. If you're looking to source some snacks, Mugs has a small case of pastries and a rack of to-go, disposable cereal bowls. The background tunes are perfect for hanging out and/or being productive. With a low key vibe and plenty of space to lay out your work, Mugs is a definite must stop on Park Rd.
4	Counter Culture Coffee = Thumbs up!French Press & Pour Over = Thumbs up!A proper Americano/Espresso = Thumbs up!Plenty of parking, seating and WIFI = Thumbs up!Eight thumbs up divided by two cups of joe = Four Stars!
4	Happy to find another local coffee joint in the queen city. Tucked nicely in a quaint shopping center off of Park Rd, Mugs is definitely a surprisingly roomy joint. I came in for a 10am meeting and was thrilled to find such a welcoming space. The coffee was great. The iced brew was smooth and didn't need to be smoothed out with cream. My colleague ordered a blueberry bagel. Smelled divine, but how could it not that early in the morning when sitting next to a cup of piping hot joe? I did notice one snag. I have AT&T and I had next to no cell service. Not sure about the rest of you lot, but my iPhone was not happy. Not a huge deal since the wifi is free. Oliver is a really cool barista. Churning out bevs for a line out the door and still carrying on conversations with regulars seated at the bar. Such a cool dude. Get to know him and you'll feel like you're at home. Wifi password is always written on the chalk board near the cash register and totally f-r-e-e. Thanks, Mugs! Looking forward to coming back and crashing for a bit!
5	After seeing Tonya P. check in here so many times, I've been dying to try out Mugs. I don't know why I kept thinking it was in the Park Rd. Shopping Center?! Upon stopping in at Portofino's to pick up my lunch, I was overjoyed that Mugs was actually right next door! Hooray!Naturally, with it being almost 100 degrees outside (in a crazy heatwave we're having), I wanted a cold coffee beverage.  Luckily, as you soon as you walk in & to your right, the menu is right there. Oooh, all the choices!  I went with a small Mocha coffee shake. Within about 2 minutes (or less) the owner (?) handed over my frosty treat & I was happy handing over my debit card for $4.26. The small is the equivalent (in my opinion) of a grande at Starbucks.  It tasted absolutely amazing.There's definitely a laid back, relaxed atmosphere here.  Warm tones & good mood music playing in the background. There were a couple of people in their working remotely & of course, there's free wi-fi. As others mentioned, they do have some food offerings.  The space is clean & neat.I'll be back & will have to try out their hot coffee next time.
4	This is a cool and comfortable place with many loyal customers!  The Owner Oliver is serious about taking care of the customer and that is especially important to me because I know so little about Coffee:  First I drink very little (one cup or less each week).  Second, I have only been drinking about two years and only one seriously.  Third, I do not know the lingo.  I say I want it to taste like Dessert, Sweet, Rich and maybe Creamy with flavor, even Coffee flavor!I keep coming back to this place because it is convenient and I think it is the Best on this side of town!update 11-12-2012  Seems like what I LOVE most about Coffee is the BEANS!  I'm guessing - This is my best guess right now!  It seems these Beans are NOT my favorite and take much Doctoring to make it to 4 yelp stars!
4	Dude, Counter Culture coffee? Why are you still reading? Go to Mugs!They also do pour overs and French press. Nice decor, laid-back ambience. You know how sometimes you're in a coffee shop and it feels like you should give up your seat after a couple hours? Yeah, I felt like the guy working the counter would have given zero fucks if I stayed for six hours (I was there for about an hour). Dude totally made cookies while I was there. The place smelled ah-myah-zong.So, go. Enjoy.
4	Wish the food selection was broader... bagels, danishes, and not much else. I bought a muffin I'm pretty sure was made by Otis Spunkmeyer (since they have an oven with the brand's name on it). It was dry, despite being ordered in the a.m. Didn't like it, but I liked everything else about this place! Really nice gal who served up a good latte -- and quickly.
4	Surprisingly excellent espresso! Wow, I'm really impressed. Free wi-fi and ample space makes this a perfect workplace. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the TV on in the corner that only provides visual distraction with no sound. The music is also very non-coffee-shop-ish--a little obnoxious but that's not a big deal. Definitely coming back when the next deadline rolls around!
3	I was pleasantly surprised by Mugs.  A Counter Culture account, when I stopped by they were serving up locally roasted Magnolia.  A little overheated out of the cafe, nice my cup cooled off a bit it offered up an enjoyable, sweet and slightly syrupy profile.  The cafe itself was cool, not really what Id expect to find in the shopping plaza.  The owner was a super nice guy, and I feel like if they upgraded their brewing methods to offer a hand pour, or some other manual option, this place would definitely be one of the better shops in the Charlotte area.  Actually, it already is one of the better shops in the coffee desert of Charlotte.  Worth a return visit for sure, I'd be psyched to head back in once they get restocked with CC to see what they're getting in.  If you're in the area, swing through to check this place out.
5	Finally a coffee shop that offers almond milk! The coffee is good and staff is friendly, my favorite coffee spot in town
4	Hands down this is another great coffee place in the QC.  They definitely make a mean cup of coffee and some tasty snacks to go along with it.I admit it: I am a coffee snob.  This means I am constantly on the hunt for a strong yet smooth cup of coffee.  Nothing saddens me more than coffee that's been brewed to the point of bitterness.  Luckily for me, most of the times I've been here, I've had a very smooth cup of coffee.  And their coffee drinks are pretty decent as well.  More recently their coffee has been more bitter, but I suppose that is the trend now.  However, I appreciate that they use a great local roaster to get their beans.  Score!As far as prices go, they are cheaper than some coffee places and definitely comparable to Starbucks.  The staff here has been nice each time as well.  Additionally, they have a decent amount of seating for people wanting to hang out here and get some work done.Mugs is a great spot to get a cup of joe!
5	I'm a coffee snob but this place is off the chain.Excellent breve latte and mint chocolate mocha so far.Lovely friendly staff.My favorite in Charlotte now.
5	Mugs is the best coffee shop in the QC. Ask for a pour over!
4	This is a great place.  I agree with the previous posts that the atmosphere successfully attains the balance between cozy and spacious.  The coffee is delicious, they decent sized patio that looks out onto a wooded area, and convenient parking.If the wifi was faster they would get 5 stars :)
4	Tonya P. is a dang influencer. I too checked this out based on her frequent check ins. I didn't want to try the old standards - Starbucks and Caribou and this was a welcome break. Tons of outlets and comfy spaces to sit for a spell. Delicious drinks too and smiling faces. I would highly recommend and plentiful parking in the shopping center.
5	I wish I had heard about this place earlier. I had been going to Panera for about a month and b/w the ice machine and the people it is just too noisy . Although I havn't had anything but the house brew, which btw is good, I must say that the environment is casual, the seating arrangement is great (with power outlets as needed), and it isn't a small cramped place.  Fast wifi connection too (Caribou Cafe's is kind of slow).
5	Excellent cappuccino paired with blueberry bagel. Very open atmosphere and quite cozy. The service was top notch. I am from CA and was driving through. Glad I picked this over *bucks. Perfect start to the day. Their coffees are strong, so I was good with the small cappuccino which comes with 2 shots.
4	Location is everything. I do not know how this place actually does for business as I've only been a few times. However the times I have been there almost no one else is in there compared to Starbucks on East which would be near packed at the same time of day.This saddens me a bit because I love good coffee shops and the coffee here is much better than Starbucks.The atmosphere is nice and even though it looks plain from the outside because it is in a little shopping center, the inside is quite amenable to work, study, read or host business meetings or coffee dates.I'd like to see this place do well simply because I like the coffee. If it was in a unique building in a trendy part of town, this place could be killing it.
5	Mugs is my go to coffee shop -- this place is great.  I occasionally go to Starbucks on East blvd, but this is very much worth the extra five minute drive down park road.  The seating is spacious, lots of good places to work (what I do) or just hang out and talk.  Wifi is fast, I've never had issues here (as opposed to sometimes slow speeds at Sbux during peak hours), and the coffee is great (I've had the regular roast, americano and capuccino, all of which were smooth and delicious).  The prices are very cheap, most everything below $4 (even for most large sized drinks), and the service is great.  Just a great, unassuming coffee shop that doesn't give off the fast paced, packed, stressful vibe that I sometimes get at the bigger chains, especially during their peak hours.speaking of hours, this place stays open until a decent time, 9pm every night except sunday, and while it admittedly closes a little earlier than starbucks, I end up feeling so productive here that I usually don't have the need to leave any later than that.I'm surprised this place doesn't get more business -- whenever I'm here there's not too many others.  Then again, that's part of it's appeal.
5	Quaint and welcoming spot to visit with friends or work on a project.  Coffee is always fresh and tasty!!
4	Great local shop with very friendly and helpful staff. Eclectic vibe with interesting art work on the walls and fresh beats playing in the background. The pumpkin spice latte (sugar free) was excellent and topped with some of the best fresh whipped cream I've had in awhile.
5	We love going to Mugs.  Great atmosphere and we usually walk there on weekends.  I love that we can do that safely while walking the dog or pushing a stroller.  Oliver is always friendly and generates good conversation.  This is exactly what I want from my local coffee shop.  Oh yeah, and the coffee is outstanding.  Far better than the local "big brand" competitors.  I'd recommend Mugs to any/everyone.
3	Loved the banana walnut cake.Coffee is okay,not great!
5	Nice open environment with lots of different sitting options. Don't know why that's important to me, but I like options lol.Had the turkey sausage egg and cheese on an everything bagel. Very good choice. Along with a double espresso, also a good choice. Will be back since it's right around the way
5	I love coming here. It has a very easy going atmosphere with the nicest staff. The latte's here are delicious  I love coming here to read, study, sip on coffee, and just relax! If you're ever in the area I highly recommend stopping by here...
5	Great place to unwind catch up on some email the staff is very friendly the house blend of coffee is smooth  Good though
5	I love coming to Mugs. I feel fortunate that I can easily walk there from my house with my husband and 2 kids. The coffee is great. Personally, I like it better than Starbucks. My favorite is either the mocha or iced vanilla coffee. Sometimes I'll get my son a vanilla milk as a treat. I've been there so often that they remember me. Oliver and the staff are always friendly. I love the atmosphere of the shop and I really love supporting a local business. I've picked up coffee, sat and chatted with friends, and sat (for a short while!) with my kids. There are puzzles for the kids to keep them entertained. Any time a business is welcoming and accommodating to my kids, I am so so happy and appreciative. Don't take this the wrong way, you won't see kids running around screaming. It's quiet and peaceful and just a happy place.
5	Gosh, I forgot about this place. When I needed a spot to get some work done and maybe take a phone call or two, I knew that the library and Starbucks were out. But someone reminded me of Mugs so here's where I went when I needed a few hours of semi-office time.First, the coffee is excellent. Yes, even the drip brew is hot and very flavorful. Then the pastries go perfect with coffee. I had two delicious biscottis with my large coffee and that got me through three hours of FREE wifi in a very comfy spot.Plenty of parking, lots of different table configurations from high tops to low tops and even the bar.Shop local!
5	Really good spot. Great for small meetings. WiFi works. Oliver and his lady treat customers right. Fair pricing for excellent quality.
5	One thing I really miss about living in the Montford area is this great local coffee shop.If you're hitting the Starbucks at Park and Woodlawn, you're doing it wrong. Drive down a few blocks. Why? Mugs is the exact opposite. Easy access, plenty of parking, spacious area to do work, quiet and fairly inexpensive. You can find them in a shopping center next to the Harris Teeter. Mugs is next to Portofino.The owners are a husband and wife team. You can usually always find them behind the counter. They are super sweet people. How nice are they? Well, I went in after frantic morning (running late, as always) and realized that I left my wallet in my other bag. They covered me. It was the only IOU that I have ever paid with a huge smile on my face.The coffee is fantastic. I always get an iced brew. I swear, I drink more iced coffee than Nancy Botwin. There is also a selection of baked goods. I love to have meetings here or just sit by myself and get work done. It's such a relaxing and welcoming atmosphere. Free wi-fi. Mugs, I may not be in as often... but I still love ya a whole lot.
5	Mugs is such a great name for this coffee shop. The word invokes so many warm fuzzies, like the ones you get when a steaming hot, rich mug of coffee is placed in front of you. Mugs is a great name for this coffee shop because it invokes the same feelings of fuzzies and cozies. The varied seating arrangements lend themselves to any number of coffeeshop arrangements - relaxing with a good book, catching up with a friend, having a book club meeting, or hunching over your laptop to meet that deadline.The baristas are super friendly and the walls are covered in local art that is available for sale. The coffee is great. It's in a great location. There is literally no reason not to go.
