5	Had my bumper replaced when I was hit in a drive thru Taco Bell.  Everyone I dealt with was super friendly and helpful in getting my car fixed like new. Even has rental cars there!  I have used them before when it was auto body world and it's still the same people with a new name! Thank you Kelly, bob, val, Stacey and the whole crew for making a bad situation, a pleasant and easy repair!  I always recommend my friends and customers to them.
3	I honestly hate to give bad reviews but I did have several problems at this location.To start off I did like the staff and the ladies at the front desk were more than helpful, however when it came to getting a call back from my service advisor it was really lacking. I think I got two calls back in the whole 2 weeks I worked with them. Also, my car had been in the shop for 7 days and it didnt even come out with good body work. I did make them aware that I was unhappy with some of the work and they nicely got it fixed for me when I was out of town. They even towed my car to the shop and home free of charge.
5	We used Service King to get our MR2 Spyder repaired because they were on the "best of" list for our insurance company.  Wow - we can see why!  This company is awesome!!  The people are incredibly customer friendly and professional and they did an excellent repair job on our car.  We highly recommend this company for any collision repairs.
5	Awesome service! The Geico Rep was great and helped me out and even brought mycar to the service department to check my tires and air pressure. When he brought it back they had given my car a quick wash!! Great first impression that's for sure
1	I typically don't waste my time with bad reviews but the service we received from Service King AND Geico was horrible. The insurance companies are their customers, not you! We received our vehicle back dirty and WORSE than before the accident. They told us there was nothing they could do even though we were able to prove the damage was not there prior. Save yourself the hassle and headache and go somewhere else.
1	I've dropped my car off on Monday and was told I would get my estimate on Wednesday.It's now Thursday and I don't know the status of it yet.They should communicate if something isn't going to be done on time.update:Got the status on 1/14, took 9 days for an estimate :(
