5	I have ordered both carryout and delivery from this Pizza Hut location and will continue to do so because customer service is excellent and they always have some pretty good deals going on. The employees are very friendly, in-person and over the phone. They don't mind going over all specials that they have and they always apologize if the pick up line gets long. Also, the food is always hot, fresh, and ready or delivered on time. It may not be the best pizza out there, but I think its still pretty good for the price.Here are some of the deals they have right now:-Mondays: 2 medium pizzas (up to 3 toppings) for $6 each-Tuesdays: $10 pastas-Wednesdays: wings are $.50 each-Carryout special: $10 large pizzas (up to 3 toppings). I always take advantage of this one!(and no, I do not work there, haha!)They are also located near Yogoyum, my favorite frozen yogurt place!
4	C'mon - who doesn't love Pizza Hut. Still really good pizza fast, just the way you want it. At their price point now you can get a whole pizza for the price of a combo meal at other fast food places. This location is always on the ball and is quick.
2	So we had a very lazy Sunday decided to order Pizza I am disappointed with the size of a large pizza these day's. It looks more like a medium. I am disappointed with the quantity of ingredients placed on the pizza. Margin on the Pizza to the sauce area is more than an inch and a half, more like 2 and a half to three inches of exposed crust. I asked for extra cheese and it just doesn't look like the pizza I have had a million times before. So I called to the PH we got it from. Spoke to Andrea. I told her that I thought the pizza was weak. her response was " We measure everything" meaning I the customer was wrong, I have no issue I should not be concerned about the value for my money. She offered to remake or apply credit to my next order. My problem with that is that I will get the same result according to Andrea because they MEASURE EVERYTHING. How do I resolve this issue. I am a Pizza Hut fan who may have to look some where else. Shit! Fucking Andrea I wish you could see my face right now.  When does quality start to be important to maintain customer base. When does customer service go beyond trying to shut me up and actually address the problem. I could have gotten the pizza I had for 5 dollars at Little Cesar's.
1	I will rate it one star because I ordered a box on a Thursday night it got here in 45 mins that was a good thing the only problem I have with them is that when receive the pizza it was cold and the pasta was barely room temp.  warm and when I called to speak with the manager I was on hold for 16 mins and when he answers the phone I started to speak and asking him questions as soon I start telling about the pizza he couldn't hear me anymore idk what's wrong with them and playing these games
1	Be careful when you order delivery from this Pizza Hut.  It seems as if the delivery drivers/cashiers/managers, etc. like to bump up your total after you've signed your charge slip.  They stole from me - you could be next.
1	Never again. Stupidly placed an online order at 8:30 p.m in which the estimated delivery time would be 9:10.9:30 rolls around, no pizza in sight. I give them a call and they proceed to tell me they didn't get the online order. I said umm okay well its been an hour this is ridiculous. He said he wont charge me and the pizza should be here within 30 minutes. I told him what toppings I wanted and he goes "oh I know, I have the order right here."haha, but I thought you never got the order??pizza hut you suck. Thanks for reminding me why I never order from you.
2	Pizza here is the same you'll get at any other pizza hut. but some days there is a cashier that just hates her job. Poor customer service. Apparently there is a really good cashier with great customer service and there is another that just hates her job.
5	I read the poor reviews on here and I totally disagree. They charged me the correct price and delivered in 30 minutes. 5 stars baby! Plus the pizza was amazing! Don't forget to rate when you like things!
2	I don't mind pizza delivery that takes an hour, by and in itself. However, when it takes over an hour to deliver, *and* the pizza, pasta, and breadsticks are cold, I find that this store may have a management problem.I will not be ordering from here again.
1	Food is great but customer service is HORRIBLE!!!! Their staff needs CUSTOMER SERVICE TRAINING!!!!! The girl working the front on 11/23/2014 8pm shift was beyond rude.!!!!!
