3	I prefer this location of Sephora over the Scottsdale location. The Chandler location is less busy and more spacious than the Scotts location. When I first started going to this location I thought it was great because the staff was way more helpful and willing to give out samples. I am now finding the staff to be a bit annoying. They are great, but everytime I look at something they come over and ask a lot of questions or try and steer me to buy a particular product. It gets a little annoying to have the Bare Escentuals Smokey Eyes pointed out at least three times every time I'm in the store. All and all I love Sephora no matter what location! It's heaven on earth for most of us gals. Yes the products are pricey, but they are quality products you can't get at the drugstore.Hmmm, this review must sound confusing. Here I am saying I prefer this location, but then complain about how overly eager the employees are. This location isn't as snooty as the Scottsdale location and the employees are friendlier.
5	Of course I would give Sephora 5 stars and even more for this location. Like the other reviewers have mentioned, this Sephora is a lot better than the one in the Scottsdale mall. Employees are great here, very knowledgeable, and eager to help. I like the fact that they are able to give me ideas for the products that I am going to buy, in addition to letting me know about other products. While there's a JCP being constructed near our house, with a Sephora inside, it's obviously not going to be as good or stocked as the one in the mall (besides the points aren't added).
3	Service here is always very responsive and knowledgeable. I can say the very femmy guys that work there freak me out a little-especially when they know more about skincare than I do and actually have GLOWING complexions. Aside from that, very helpful and seem to really love what they do! Sephora is THEE best place for beauty junkies such as myself! Don't come with less than $200 if you really want to have a good day!
5	This is one of my all time favorite stores!Sephora has one of the best return policies that I know of (besides Nordstrom and Bed Bath and Beyond). If you are ever dissatisfied with any new or used product, you can return/exchange at any time with no questions asked. They will give you samples of anything you want, and will always apply makeup for you in the store if you ask. I really like this location because it never gets crowded, and everyone is friendly and very knowledgeable about all of the products. My only complaints are that the lighting in the store is terrible, and that they don't carry too many brands of hair care products - for that go to Ulta or even better www.folica.com.
5	Sephora is product heaven.  If you can't find what you're looking for at Sephora then maybe it doesn't exist.  The one thing that will differenciate one store from another is customer service.  This store has the best customer service of any Sephora I have been to and that includes the one inside the J.C. Penny in Gilbert, although they are pretty good there too.  I don't have a lot of disposable income so when I need product I try to stock up when I can.  Six months ago I went into this store and stocked up and got a mini makeover from a great gal named Andrea.  She was awesome!!  I felt like millon dollars when I left the store.  I like a natural look and that is exactly what I got.  I was also looking for some cleansing products and moisteriser for my face.  I have to be very careful since my skin is very sensitive but Andrea hooked me up with some great products.  Flash forward to today.  I'm running low on some product and I had some free time so I went to Sephora.  I got some things and was looking around the store when one of the sales people asked if I needed any help.  We got to talking and she said, "didn't I help you a while back" and then she told me the products she suggested for me, some of which I had in my basket!!!  It was Andrea!  She had cut her hair differently so I didn't recognize her right off the bat.  Now it's been six, almost seven months since I last saw here and she was spot on with everything!  She even remembered me talking about my daughter and asked how she was doing.  Now that is customer service!!  All the sales people are very knowledgable here.  I was asking Andrea about a particular line and she said she researched it on her own.  It's a small line and she knew some things about it that only someone that had done their research would know.  I knew because I had looked into the line myself and knew a few things too.  So if you go to Sephora, go to this location and ask for Andrea!  She is awesome and I won't go to any other Sephora as long as she is here.
4	I just love it when the associates at Sephora go out of their way to check every drawer, their stockroom or it might have been put on a wrong rack, but they will find whatever is it that you are looking for at their store.I forgive them for not handing me samples for today which is the very first time that it happened.  Some samples I got from years back have been unused to this day.
5	I love Sephora.  The associates are always friendly, knowledgeable,  and very helpful.  They know the perfect colors for my skin type and for any occasion I am attending.  They explain how to put on the product and what makes the product special.  The products are expensive, but they last for a very long time.  I always get compliments on my make-up and I always buy from Sephora.
4	I'm a fan!  Yes.  Yes I am.  They had changed the store from the last time I was in and there was a make up session going on as you walked in.  It made for a little confusion and close quarters but thats not a bad thing.  It just means that you need a bigger store for all that business.  That's a good thing, right?  So mom was down to the golf pencil style of her favorite lip liner.  She walked in and showed the associate what she needed.  I turned back around and they had scooted mom off to show her where it was and help in any way they could.  So I went over to the left hand side of the store where all of the fun "sephora" brand stuff is.  I was on a mission to find a powder puff.  One that I could use for loose powder.  The first associate that came over said if it was any where it would be where we were standing.  Didn't find any.  That associate walked away and I continued to look.  The only guy associate that was in there asked if he could help (do you see Guess this is how things are done) I told him what I needed.  He walked right over to where he thought one might be and sure as s&@*we found it - I held out my arms and hugged him.  I DID!  No one has had it.  IT was a little pricey but I found it - or he found it.  Thank gosh.  Great service - mom's lip liner had been discontinued but they suggested several other options and she bought a couple.  It was a very productive day!
4	Women have it easy. Every department store, every makeup store, every big box carries a million and one skin care products for women. And most of them employ at least a couple people who can lead you to the right products.Men? Men are screwed. You're lucky if a store carries the crappy crap Gillette's hawking as skin care and shaving cream, never mind having someone who can say "You should try this."Enter Sephora. Despite having a teeny tiny corner of the store dedicated to men's products, and the ratio of male to female customers being probably 1:1000, they're great if you're a guy who doesn't want to look like shoe leather. I first visited this location about a year ago to grab one product, and ended up getting some great advice and a ton of samples from one of their staff members. She was exceedingly familiar with the men's lines, and with skin types, and the product she thought I'd like best ended up being the one I returned to buy. I've returned a couple times since and always had excellent, attentive service. Heck, today I waited in line for all of two minutes, but one of their "beauty consultants" (but I want to be ruggedly handsome!) materialized out of nowhere with a peace offering of samples and an apology. And then I got more samples and more apologies at checkout. They had the cashwrap fully staffed and were moving quickly; there was nothing to apologize for, but they did anyway.
4	I admit that I can be a makeup junkie. I love trying new products and I often spend a LOT of money here. I do research relentlessly before purchasing a new product because I want to know that I will likely be satisfied. I'm already very knowledgeable about most of the products due to research or testing, but I am always surprised how knowledgeable the staff is if I have a question about a product. They often have a large staff at any time that can help you when you need it and they are more than happy to help. They are very liberal with giving free samples if you kindly ask, and often throw extras in your bag when you make a purchase; most Sephora stores I have been to are not nearly as generous. Naturally, Sephora has one of the best return policies I've seen in a business, which is why Sephora in growing in success. As with any Sephora, this store is very clean and very organized. The only thing that can be upsetting at times is stock quantity uncertainty. Higher demanded products are sold out quickly and most times I have to wait a couple weeks before they restock particular items. I think that's more of a manufacturing or distribution problem, not necessarily a store problem.
4	Drop me off here and I'll see you in an hour, maybe.Great place for beauty products.  Great place for fragrances.You can try everything out first.  No need to guess.A wide varity of higher end makup and beauty products plus their own brand which is also good quality but at a more affordable price.Wonderful customer service
3	Yes makeup dreamland. This is my problem with Sephora. Besides the poor customer service, every time i'm looking for a popular item, they are out. jeez,if you see its selling order more. So I do most of my shopping online. Also, every time I find a product I love, they carry out for a few months then its gone. ugggg very aggravating company.
3	I love this Sephora, but this location... is sub par. The employees could be a bit more attentive to all customers and just not non minorities. I spend lots of money on make up and if they would hire a MUA that understood all skin types I'd spend more money in this location. I'm a long time make up wearer and one of the MUA handed me a foundation that was a shade to dark and orange, I asked her was she sure the foundation color would match she said yes without having me try it out. Needless to say MAC cosmetics earned my money that day.
5	Being a man you would not think that I would rate this place. But, even from my point of view this place is great.Anytime you go in you can try any product you like. You can even get a sample to take home to try. To make sure you like it.You know things you can't try in the store maybe.Shampoo, Conditioner, etc.They have many products for Men and Women. More for Women of course.A really good perk is they have a rewards card ,so everytime you purchase you gather points. Then you start getting free gifts with your points and it changes all the time.On your birthday you are even givena a free gift as well. Lots of parking , as it is in the Chandler Mall.
1	I have visited Sephora about 10 times since my last review. My last visit which was yesterday, SUCKED!!!!! I went in and knew exactly what I wanted but they didn't have it on shelves yet. After five minutes of standing in the same place a consultant came to me and asked if I needed help. I told her what I was looking for and she informed me they just got the product in and she had to go get it from the back. She brought out multiple shades and the lady at cash register was helping her select a good match. The lady who called herself helping out picked the darkest shade possible handed it to me and told it would do... I informed the MUA concelar is suppose to be lighter not way darker.... Shame...
1	Since I was so in love with the NARS creamy concealer I went to purchase some more. When I walked in the store there were lots of associates just standing around talking. I had to walk up to a lady with a clip board and ask for help. I asked if she had the NARS creamy concealer and she took me to the Urban Decay display and said here. I told her I asked for NARS not Urban Decay, then she goes to the Nars side and looks around and says "Oh I just did training and this and we don't have it in." I thought, I just purchased this a few days ago. Horrible!!!!!!
4	To be honest, I'm an extremely low-maintenance gal when it comes to make-up. 98% of the time I only use mascara, brow filler and a tinted lip gloss. Really want to get dolled up? I'll bust out the Bare Minerals and Urban Decay NAKED Palette. Enter Sephora. This store has everything you could ever need or want to try - it's introduced me to so many new products and brands! I love that unlike ULTA, the employees actually seem interested in customers and are knowledgeable about their products. You can take samples home of just about anything! Good to know before you invest in something like a face or eye primer. Become a Sephora Beauty Insider. This will put you on their mailing list, get you coupons, offers, etc. This year's birthday gift has got me hooked on Benefit's "They're Real!" Mascara. Oh, and for those Bare Minerals / Bare Escentuals junkies out there: This is the only STORE where you can purchase anything from their BUXOM line. Big and Healthy Lip Polish, anyone? You won't find it at ULTA; you won't even find it at the BM Boutique upstairs at this mall!
5	I very rarely wear makeup beyond mascara and lip balm. I am going on vacation and looking for an evening look. I made a makeover appointment, it was free with $50 purchase. I went in for my appointment with Jessica and to be honest I was a little nervous about getting a strong sales pitch or not being able to do it at home. Jessica was super sweet and really listened to me about what I wanted (smokey eye, a couple lipsticks and even out my skin). She did one side of my face step by step and let me try it out on the other side. I feel totally confident that I can create the look at home and I didn't feel pressured at all to buy everything. She wrote down everything she used for me and directions for each. My budget didn't allow me to buy everything, but I feel good about going back for other stuff later. She never made me feel pressured or like I had to buy everything. She even gave me a few samples :) great experience all the way through! Thank you Jessica!
5	I had purchased the. .... Sephora pallet a while back and ran out of my two favorite colors.  Ran in here yesterday afternoon after picking the kids up at school to see if I could buy full size versions of them.  So I walk in and two young ladies were at the door chatting, didn't say hello, didn't offer assistance, nothing.  So I made my way back to the Sephora brand stuff and tried looking for the shades.  After about 5-10 minutes I finally had someone pass and ask if I needed help with anything.  I told her what I was looking for and she immediately said that she would get a make-up artist to help me.  What is the point of having those three ladies as employees?  They didn't accomplish much in terms of customer service.  But here's where thing take a drastic turn for the better.  Carrie the make-up artist was sent to me.  After searching the original colors we were able to find one similar color.  Ok, I'm on a budget and having one is better than none.  But Carrie was not satisfied with mediocrity.  She told me to hang on and she went in the back.  She came back with several options that we're all very similar to the original AND half the price!  I ended up leaving with both colors I went in looking for and because of the fantastic Miss Carrie, I stayed way under my meager $15 budget.  Carrie completely gets that a girl can enhance her beauty while sticking to a budget.  AND even though my birthday had been 2 weeks ago she still gave me the birthday freebie.  Overall:  the girls at the entrance and walking around holding baskets but not offering them out to customers are useless.  Carrie, however, is a godsend!  She's the reason this isn't 2 stars.
4	This store has a great selection of cosmetics! Usually very clean and friendly staff.  This is usually the store I go to find new products or just to pick up my favorite items.  The lines can get long some times, however the staff is efficient and friendly.
4	Overall I have had good experiences at this location of Sephora. Most recently I was on the hunt for a new shade of lipstick. I am jumping on the deep pigment lipstick bandwagon and I needed some advice.I searched around a few different brands, Benefit, Bare Minerals, etc... but settled on and Urban Decay display set up in the middle of an aisle. I was trying a few of the colors and a couple of associates came by every few minutes to check to see if I needed help. It was a little a little much having two different associates hovering when I didn't need help but it wasn't over the top. I did need help at one point finding a make up removing station and one of the associates was happy to help me. When I made my way to check out I was assisted right away. It had been awhile since I had shopped at Sephora but I am part of the Beauty Insider club so I had her look up my account. My birthday is coming up soon and to my surprise I was due a birthday gift from the Beauty Insider club, Yay! Free is always best.The Urban Decay lipstick I purchased is fantastic, I am very happy with it. The selection of makeup here is great and you can catch a lot of good sales. Join the Beauty Insider club for a free birthday gift and gifts throughout the year. Overall good experience.
5	I drive 20 minutes to get my make-up products from Sephora because they have the best and most helpful staff and an amazing selection of brands. They are always excited and willing to show me new techniques, products and teach me more about makeup! I have also gotten countless makeovers here for events and they NEVER disappoint. They even remember me when I come in. I LOVE THIS PLACE! Thanks for being awesome guys.
4	I've gone in there a couple times, and everyone is usually helpful and friendly. It's a smaller Sephora and they get slammed with customers sometimes. I've been there when the store is packed with customers and only two sales associates on the floor, and they still try to help out customers as much as they can.The assistant manager Carla is very good. I called the store with a concern, and she was so professional in her reception. I'd definitely go back again.
5	Living abroad you get used to aloof and apathetic customer service.This location is has been my go-to every time I return to Phoenix to see family. On this particular occasion, the customer service blew me away.I was in to exchange a faulty product I received as a preset a few months ago (we don't have Sephora in the UK), and also purchase some skincare items for my sister. While I usually know my way around the store and products, I took one of the associate's offer for help with all natural cleansers for sensitive skin. She also demonstrated the nifty product look up tool at the back of the store that you can review all the key ingredients and client ratings (similar to what you see on the site).When it came to checking out, this is where it became a little complicated. Since I was doing an even exchange for a gift item without a receipt, I had to provide ID. Problem is I didn't have any of my US ID with me, and only had my British driver's license. The associate was patient and worked with it, and when it failed she looked for other ways to complete the transaction.With the phenomenal customer service we received that day, I was able to exchange the faulty item that I had received as a gift, bought a couple great cleansers for my sister, and a bunch of other goodies.Sephora seriously needs to return to the UK... but for now the Chandler location is golden in my book.
3	This is my favorite place! I always get what I'm looking for (and more lol) I would give it more stars but lately I've had a bit of a problem. They use to have really good makeup artists but lately I look around and I wouldn't let any one of them put makeup on me. Working at a cosmetic store you'd think they would use the makeup products to the fullest but apparently not. Maybe it's just the one at chandler mall I don't know. None of their employees have fun or up to date makeup. It's all basic, which kind of makes me sad being that you work at a COSMETICS STORE. Not only that but it seems like this place is never stalked or they never get any shipments in. Every time I go there is always a lot of products missing from the displays. Anytime I see something I have to buy it then because it may not be there next time. I don't know maybe it's just me but this is just something I had to get off my chest. It's been bugging me every time I go in.
1	Rude and snarky service. Apparently, customer service is to complicated for these 30 year olds. I bought nothing and walked out. The Store is dirty, sales associates are wondering and completely avoiding customers. 1 star because, there's no option for any less.
1	Worst place I have been too I wanted help the lady couldn't even assist me! I shall take my money to a better store
5	Super helpful and friendly employees and great selection of high end makeup, including some brands not found at other stores- what more can a girl ask for?
