4	Good hotel.  The beds are great.  Rooms are spacious.  They offer a free shuttle to take you anywhere within the downtown area.  There are no restaurants nearby, so shuttle is key.  Hotel features free Internet that is crappy.  It keeps dropping.  Room service is so-so with limited menu.Workout room is decently sized.Staff is very courteous and helpful. This is just me, the frequent hotel guest being picky, but the concierge lounge could have a greater selection of foods in the mornings.
3	A typical Marriott fully deserving it's 3  1/2 stars on Priceline.  We were a one night stand here during a quick visit to Pittsburgh.  Since it was my first time to Pittsburgh and I didn't know my way around very well, maybe the following complaint won't apply to you. But I found the locatiton Non ideal for a visitor not attending a nearby event, like at Mellon Arena.  If you are attending nearby, or near Duquesne University then this is a great location.  But if you want something nearer to station square festivities or nearer to the confluence of the rivers then don't stay here.  And the parking is expensive and on street parking is difficult so I'm not recommending for people driving in.  I wouldn't want any of these  comments to detract from the good service, clean room, good linens nice bathroom and availability of outlets for charging electronic devices which we're so fond of taking on trips with us.  Of couse I always comment that I would appreciate free internet in the room which is not available here.
3	Stayed here from Thursday to Friday this past week for business and am basing this review on the other similar hotel options in the area. Quick thoughts:-great free shuttle that will take you anywhere in Pittsburgh (no airport pickup which can't really expected)-.4 Mb/s down free internet connection http://www.speedtest.net/result/714084446.png - sucks-great concierge lounge - in a time when Marriott concierge lounge seems to be disappearing, this one is solid-best Marriott gym I've seen in a while (basically an average Hilton gym)-limited room types and variationsRating is 3.5 rounded down based on the rate paid versus comparable hotel options in Pittsburgh.
2	The air conditioning in room 1602 didn't work, and the hotel refused to take responsibility. They simply laughed and said that we should have let them know the night before- we didn't get in until 2am- i would not stay here again. Ridiculous customer service.
3	Comfy beds, huge room, free shuttle (that doesn't run on Sundays), free internet (slow but free), good central location to go north to Heinz Field/PNC park, or south to the bars on Carson.  There isn't much of anything immediately surrounding the place, the TVs are pretty unimpressive, and I had a cold shower one morning, but other than that we had a pretty good experience here.
5	I stay at this hotel every time I am in Pittsburg for business. The staff is always so nice and the rooms are clean.  Don't forget Valet, they will warm your car for you if you call down ahead of time.  And for all your hockey fans its right next to the new arena or if you are a Starbucks lover like me they have one attached to the hotel. That makes me one happy lady!  You can't go wrong with this hotel.
3	Most people know what these chain hotels are like. Usually clean, comfortable, relatively spacious with all the things you'll need for your stay as a "single serving friend." They have a continental breakfast, conference rooms, and business centers. This particular Marriott has a Starbucks, a restaurant (The Steelhead), and event parking. I just call this the Pens hotel because everyone hangs out here before and sometimes after the game. I do events here when I'm working for Stubhub and we rent rooms out for events when staff flies in. This is the place to pick up last minute ticket sales. I don't think this counts as working for a place?  I basically sit in their lobby and make sure people get the right tickets and are directed properly if anything should go wrong. Fraud, wrong ticket deliveries, etc...The lobby is spacious and on game days teaming with people. They sell $5 beers until game time, saving you $2.75 per beer inside Console. Parking during event days is $20 standard fee. Make sure you pay near the lobby entrance before you get down to the car, then have to run back up. If you are here for a game, and park, you may want to have a drink at the bar until the traffic settles. That's what we did after the game last night. It was slammed full of unhappy Pens fans. The guys here are just plain weird. HB and I were talking to these older guys about popular new restaurants popping up all over the city when this really "special" dude sat next to me and proceeded to tell me that "I was the most beautiful girl" and to go have a drink with him, AS IF! It was a ballsy move but I say no thanks to cheesy lines from guys trying to get some. Then this other guy outside was "crying in his beer" because the girl he hooked up with earlier in the day was now with an older gent. Of course he said he didn't actually "like her" but he was upset he wouldn't get the repeat post game lovin'  I guess they have colorful clientele. Really?  These guys are such winners. Still laughing about it.
2	I came, I saw.  Feh, I was unimpressed.  The two star rating Meh I've experienced better was the closest to that sentiment, so that's that.  So let's go over the pros: it's in the downtown area, it's close to the old "Igloo" where the Penguins used to play, close to the new Fill-in-the-blank Energy Arena (forget the name)...close to businesses (think I saw a convention center there?).  Pretty pathetic though for a hotel to offer "shuttle service" to major city points (such as PNC Park, which was what I was there for) and a) only have ONE operating on the weekends (while several things were going on in town) and b) not run after game nights?  What gives?  now, I understand that around the stadium, it's tough to pick up since it's mostly pedestrian only and one of the draws to the area.  But something's gotta give.  Luckily, I'm a New Yorker, I walk everywhere, and it was about a mile away from the stadium.  But it was raining and I was none too happy.What else?  I got this as a Priceline deal, so I guess beggars can't  be choosers.  Room was good, I was there for only an overnight...will i be back there?  I'll visit Pittsburgh again sooner rather than later, but this place? Never. Again.
4	I read a lot of reviews before I stayed here and was pretty nervous before I checked in. Mistake. It is a beautiful hotel in a great location. The floor I was on must have been newly remodeled within the last 2 months, IF THAT. The carpet was brand new, soft and elegant. The furniture was new, modern and clean, beds (as most Marriotts are) were the comfiest you could sleep on and the Bath and Body Works toiletries are actually extremely pleasant. Front desk staff was busy and checked me in without a single hello- just asked for my name, cc and handed me my keys, no other interaction...odd. BUT, the cleaning staff and room service delivery guy made up for that tenfold.  I was coming back to my room yesterday and saw housekeeping and asked if I could have an extra bottle of the orange ginger lotion and she gave me a handful and was extremely friendly...very nice. She was going to my room next, so I left a large tip for her. I do recommend this hotel to visitors of Pittsburgh, highly.
4	Decent Marriot, but the standout feature was the staff.The individuals who work here deserve an award due to the extremes they took to keep myself and others who were at our conference happy.From the complimentary shuttle to the concierge the staff was super helpful and respectful. At one point I got stranded near Station Square and the hotel sent a Cadillac to pick us up, for free.Rooms were modern and comfortable, but oddly laid out. Whenever I opened the bathroom door I banged my shin. This could be my own clumsy problem.The location would be good for a business traveler or sports lover this hotel located down town near the igloo and baseball stadium.
3	Great location walking distance to the Convention Center and Heinz field, next door to Mellon Arena, free Wi-Fi in room, Starbucks IN the building, and shuttle service.  Great staff. You can find some really nice rates staying here at one of the better Marriott's I've frequented.
2	Would have been one star, but the management did assist me with my concerns and gave me some Marriott points to make up for the troubles I had.  So what troubles did I have?Well, this hotel seems to cater to convention style events that run late, run loud, and attract some really amateur and juvenile travelers.  The night I was here the hotel was occupied by a group from the "Men's Wherehouse" for some kind of company party.  WHAT A GROUP OF CLOWNS!  They dressed like gangsters, and the women dressed like they were working the streets.  And the mouths on this group....wow.  Make Men's Wherehouse a place I will never shop...Anyways, the party seemed to take place in the room right next door to my room and I ended up having to move rooms at 2am just to get some peace and quiet.  Needless to say, I was a wreck the next day at work and got little if any sleep.Annoying.  My suggestion, avoid if possible.  If not possible, be clear with them about your expectations of a quiet room and make sure they handle it.
4	A comfortable, clean hotel with recently renovated common areas. The bar was pleasant and generically contemporary. Good service, and hotel prices for drinks. The rooms were on the smaller side, but the bed is extremely comfortable, and while the bathroom is tiny, it's all completely clean and pleasant, just not luxe. The TV has some high-def channels (a rarity in hotels!), with Marriott's standard A/V hookup panel for your laptop or AppleTV. All of the rooms are on the 11th+ floor - I think it's offices on floors 3-10. It's a good hotel for a long or short stay, and at the Priceline Name Your Own Price I paid, an outstanding bargain. Room service breakfast was somewhat expensive, but promptly served, and delicious.On the location, It's right next to the Penguins arena, but separated by a highway from the main downtown area. When the Penguins aren't playing, it's somewhat deserted around the hotel. It's only about a five-minute walk to the main downtown area, but you do feel separated. If there's no hockey game, you should be able to find parking away from the hotel (the arena garage has good rates), which is important because the hotel charges $18/night for self parking.
4	The hotel was very nice! Nicely decorated and spacious. The rooms were a good size but the bathroom was not a big bathroom but nonetheless very nice and clean. The shower was very roomy. The beds were amazingly comfortable. They give you plenty of big fluffy pillows and a down comforter. I got amazing sleep! I also appreciated the Bath & Body works shampoo, conditioner, and lotion. Very nice compared to your normal smelly cheap shampoos, etc. The staff was super nice. My only complaint was they told us they had a shuttle service which we liked because we were going to the Pirates game. Well when we asked for the shuttle they told us it was running to North Side because there was too much traffic because of the game. This was 3 hours before the game. But they told us about the trolley right down the street that would take us there for free. The bellhop even walked us halfway there and explained how it works since we had never rode it. He was extremely helpful and a very nice kid! Overall, I would recommend this hotel! I'm planning on staying here again in a few months for a concert at Consol Energy Center bc it is literally right across the street from it. Very convenient!
4	Fantastic rooms, great service and pretty good location (depending on what you are there for!) No complaints.
4	I always have great service.   The shuttle is always available to take me to / from different parts downtown.Take advantage of the shuttle!
3	I was here during the Thanksgiving weekend to meet and celebrate with my parents. The hotel itself was decent: large rooms, kind of a tiny bathroom but generally clean and well kept. The lobby was nice if a little unimpressive. The staff was very welcoming and helpful. On the mornings where the concierge level wasn't open, the staff provided us with vouchers to the breakfast buffet which was very good.My chief complaint is that at the conceirge level there was an "honor bar" where they charged $6.50 a glass for table wine. I thought the price was a little outrageous considering I've chosen the Marriott for the amenities of becoming a gold member. It also had nice food and other drink options for free, but it really chapped my ass to pay that much for cheap wine at the club level. Second of all, there was no on demand movies. I'm not talking about porno movies either. At the end of the night I wanted to chill out at maybe watch Brave with my parents and there was no service to be had. I asked the front desk and they said Marriott had done away with on demand movies a while ago. Why Lord, why?Also there was no hot tub. That was annoying.Over all, for the price I wouldn't go back to that one. There was a Residence Inn closer to the stadium that was cheaper and you could walk to a few bars and restaurants. I wish there were some amenities for those people who spend a lot of time in Marriott Hotels as I do.
3	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't have business in the immediate area.(you'll need to drive anywhere you go)  Location is not good, no restuarants.   Rooms have been slightly updated with furniture, but it still feels old.  Conceirge lounge is just ok.  Gym looks nice. Hotel restaurant food was very good. (have the short ribs)The worst part was finding the hotel and trying to get to the parking lot.  All the map services send you the incorrect way and it's completely confusing.  I called the hotel for assistance(yes, I'm not kidding) and they told me to take an illegal u-turn to get into the hotel parking lot.(I think the signs had changed recently, but it was ridiculous)I'm checking out early and moving to another hotel.The staff are very nice and professional.
4	Marriott class comfortGreat location, just on the outside rim of downtown, yet still walking distance to everything.  Rooms are clean, comfortable beds, desk and wifi worked well.  Restaurant serves good food and your favorite drink.  Starbucks just outside of the lobby.  Monkey loves staying here for business and running around the city for pleasure.
5	Have stayed at this hotel multiple times. Wether I am bringing a group of 50 or just a couple friends, these guys always do a great job. They are taught to care and they show it!  It's so convenient to Console Energy Center and the Strip District. Highly recommend.
3	Close to  Hockey Complex.  Not too far to walk to the old USX building or Federal Home Loan bank.  Some places downtown will be a good 20 minute walk or need a cab.  Decent restaurant in hotel and few minute walk to Friday's.  Otherwise restaurants are a good 20 minutes walk for dinner.
3	Average hotel. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Bar closed at 11pm on a Sunday. Pool felt dirty-the bottom was slimy. Website makes pool appear much bigger than it is. The public spaces seem much nicer than the guest room floors. I frequent Marriott hotels and this property just didn't meet my expectations.
4	If you're in town, I would certainly recommend staying at this hotel.  They have an amazing staff and it is smack-dab in the middle of downtown. You are within walking distance of everything and everywhere; and right across the street from the convention center. There is a starbucks in the building and a nice restaurant (Steelhead). The rooms are clean and bathrooms are in marble.The concierge lounge is on the 20th floor with free breakfast every morning and dinner at night...with an honor bar. They lose a star for parking. And although it may not entirely be their fault since the garage isn't there, the price is still ridiculous. $18/night if you're j ust leaving the car in the garage, $22/night if you're taking it in and out. And i don't even remember how much it was for valet.I haven't checked out the swimming pool or gym yet, but I will be soon. I plan on staying here as an extended guest, So i'll be around at least until the end of the year. There will definitely be updates as they come along.
2	Overall very disappointing experience.   Room not as nice as rest of hotel appeared, though the bed and pillows were very comfy.   Towels were pretty thin and yucky.   Coffee in the room was TERRIBLE.   We purchased a in/out parking pass for $22 which was supposed to be good for whole stay, but ended up only working one time, and when we went to leave the garage after checking out, the machine declined our card and we had no choice but to pay $12 to be allowed to exit!   I called the desk for assistance and to get a refund on the $22 pass, but the woman (who had such a thick accent I couldn't understand most of what she said), stated that we would need to either fax or scan and email a copy of the $12 receipt we had to pay upon leaving and only then could she give a refund!  SERIOUSLY?   Who would make something like that up, and it's not like it's hundreds of dollars, it's 22 bucks.    She tried to give me the email to send it to, but I couldn't understand her, so I gave up.    She said I could call back later to get the address if necessary, but honestly it just seems like more hassle than it's worth at this point.   VERY DISAPPOINTED in the staff's ability to be helpful at this hotel.    It is nicely located for the sporting venues, Market Square, and not far to Southside where we went to see a movie.  Also the garage is very conveniently located, but just don't buy the pass unless you want to be let down!
5	As a Platinum Premier Member, basically spending my life in hotels, there is no where I would rather stay than at the Pittsburgh Marriott City Center. Selim, at the front desk, is extremely friendly and has some sort of super human power where he knows everyone's name and remembers everything about you.  He truly exemplifies customer service at it's finest.  Chase, the bartender, is awesome and knows everything about the menu and is extremely knowledgeable of the local area.  Even the maintenance guy (don't know his name) who is painting and making sure that the facility looks great at all times is very friendly!  Justin, the shuttle driver, is great too, he always brightens my day and knows all the great spots around town.  This property reminds me of Cheers.. where everyone knows your name.!  From the GM down to the maintenance man, everyone is super friendly.  Lots to do in the area, free shuttle around town, and a great bar/restaurant.
4	Marriot City Center was fantastic! Positives: -Clean, nice room-Starbucks downstairs-Amazingly helpful and friendly staff-Breakfast in the concierge lounge was quiet, relaxed and delicious-Nice pool and fitness center with bottled water, large towels and nice chairs for relaxing-Right across the street from the Consol Energy Center-Parking was expensive, but I found that it was expensive everywhere in Pittsburgh. I paid for valet, and for the extra $8 I felt like it was worth it to not be hassled with parking in the below freezing weather. They charged the valet service to my room, and brought the car around when we were leaving- super easy.Negatives:-I paid a little extra to be sure I had access to the concierge lounge (and had read that you were given a room on a higher floor with a better view). I had to call the front desk to ask for access to the concierge lounge, was told I didn't have access, but then after a couple minutes she realized that I did. It wasn't a huge hassle, but my room had a horrible view of a roof, so I'm thinking that if I had mentioned it earlier I would have gotten on a higher floor and had a better view.-Extremely expensiveOverall, $300 for hotel and valet was a LOT, but we were there for a hockey game in 5 degree weather and high winds. It was worth it to not have to worry with parking, driving or walking in those outrageous weather conditions. This may be the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in and we felt like valued guests from the moment we pulled up to the hotel. I will absolutely stay here again the next time we are able to go see the Penguins!
5	Absolutely loved staying at this hotel for a number of reasons...Front desk service (Carl and Juan?) was very accommodating and reminded me of the perks of being an Elite member with the Marriott... The complimentary breakfast pass was great as I was able to take along a friend... (Note: if you use the omelette station it's $3 charge, which is definitely worth the fresher ingredients)... This leads me to the Restaurant Staff; super duper friendly and on top getting coffee, OJ and any other items that was requested (wish I got their names but it seemed like every waiter/waitress was very attentive and had a smile; especially the red haired omelette preparer and the hostess in the blue shirt)... The maids on the 21st floor were my ideal maids, they aren't pushing to clean your room or give you extra towels, but they were there in the morning if you needed any extra supplies... Just knowing they were outside in the hallway was good enough as I don't like my room being accessed while I'm away... The bartenders at night handled themselves pretty well, especially with a rowdy crowd (they also had some good recommendations of places to go around town)... Lastly, I was on my way to the lobby Starbucks when I remembered my Elite card could get me into the concierge lounge on the 20th floor... Danielle was about to start putting things away but stayed open a little longer to be able to let me and a couple coworkers grab some breakfast before she put everything away... She was absolutely fantastic!!! Very very accommodating and multitasking her job to get things done as well as helping us find things around the lounge... Not to forget a very pretty smile and attitude towards life!!! =) Btw, I'd like to know who were the makers of the beds (especially room #2105) bc it has been one of the comfiest beds I've had in a long while as I travel 7 months out of the year... My view was fantastic!Note: my stay was from January 25th-27th, 2014...
4	Downtown hotel.  Great staff, excellent service.
4	Nice place with a free shuttle to downtown! The staff at the front desk could stand to be a bit more personable, but they were dealing with a huge convention of 100s of Central Americans who didn't know what the hell they were doing and camping out in the lobby, it was like a refugee camp in there people with coolers making tacos in the middle of the lobby. So I'll give the staff a pass for dealing with that nightmare and still managing to come to work the next day. The elevators were VERY CROWDED by previously mentioned conventioners, who had no respect or knowledge of elevator manners or even basic manners. I almost slapped a person and I am very patient and mild mannered. Our room (our sanctuary in the crazy overfilled hotel) was fabulous with a great view of down town. I will definitely be back as long as it is not durring a convention weekend!
5	Spent last weekend in Pittsburgh and loved this hotel.Nick, who works down at the valet, was wonderful!  He was so helpful!And, Sig drove us in the shuttle and he was great.  Thanks for that great service.
4	The hotel was nice.  Only downside was the pull out couch/bed did not have any sheets and there were not extras in the room.  I know I could have called to ask for some, so that's on me.  We managed.  Otherwise, the hotel was clean, room was awesome.  The staff was amazing!  I just wanted to say Kiara Sanders went well out of her way to accommodate us while we were traveling.  There was  room mix-up and I left my sunglasses in the original room.  She personally took the time to get me back in the room to collect my glasses.  So I wanted to say thank you to her and the rest of the staff who helped us out there.  If you are traveling in Pittsburgh, I would definitely stay there again!
5	I recently stayed at the Pittsburgh Marriott City Center during a recent professional conference.  Let me stray for a moment and say that our whole group was looking forward to seeing PIttsburgh.  It's got the rep of an up and coming, new kind of city, with a thriving art scene, redefining itself in an age after manufacturing.  It did not disappoint!  We had great meals, enjoyed the scenery, saw some cool things and would go back in a second!  And the people were uniformly friendly, upbeat, and pro--Pburgh!  Though we had been warned that taxis might be scarce, especially for our big group, we saw a lot at our hotel.  But, it turns out, Pittsburgh has a thriving uber network and we ubered all around town.Back to the hotel.  I do love a Marriott.  Their rooms are always super clean and designed with the cool, modern lines that we all wish our home bedrooms enjoyed.  It's a perfect hotel for business travelers because the rooms have lots of flat open spaces to really spread out your stuff.  Though no hotel bathroom ever has enough hooks for towels and clothes for me, Marriotts come close.But, of course, what makes this more than just a Marriott was the people.  From the moment our group checked in, joining hordes at the desk, I was impressed by the staff's friendliness and efficiency.  We had a great stay, enjoyed terrific service in the restaurant and bar.  Two moments stand out.During the course of the conference, we went into the room scheduled for our presentation and were dismayed by the set up.  We needed more chairs and assumed there would be a lectern, and a few other things.  (It was a standard setup that no doubt was ordered by the conference.)  I corralled one of the Marriott employees, expressed my concern, and he PROMPTLY got on it--extending a table, supplying the lectern, and all in all, making it right and making doing it fast.  They could have balked, saying that what we got was what our organization ordered, but none of that!  Positive attitudes and results.After the panel presentation, I was exhausted.  So much so that when I got a coffee from the hotel Starbucks, I was already up in my room when I realized that I left my desperately-needed water on the counter.  Since I had paid for it, I called down and ask that they "save" it for me and that I would get back when I could.  I honestly couldn't summon the energy for a second trip down.  Do you know what they did?  Came all the way up to my room with the water!  I mean really!  How amazing is that?To sum up this too-long review.  Go to any Marriott because it is an excellent hotel chain.  Go to the Pittsburgh City Center Marriott and get ready for some exceptional customer service!
4	I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the hotel. A friend stayed here for the night when he had tickets to Fleetwood Mac (!) at the Consol Energy Center, and I stopped in to have room service before heading over. He had a corner room that was spacious and lovely. Later that night we also stopped by the bar in the lobby to get a drink-which was a great little restaurant/bar. I'm not sure what the price range is for these rooms, but I would love to spend a few nights here myself.
5	Every experience I've had here has been remarkably positive.  Marriott is generally an excellent chain, and the city center location does justice to the firm's overall reputation.  While the bar/restaurant is on the pricey side, the selection is good and the hotel runs a free shuttle for guests that will take you to any restaurant or bar in the city, a very nice perk!
5	I have stayed here many times and grown to really like the atmosphere. Older hotel but the appearance and atmosphere takes you back to the old movies. Lots of gold and crystal. Rooms are older as well but clean and comfortable. Best place to stay in Midtown in my opinion. No to close to the craziness, but not too far away either.
5	I stayed here in 2010 with a friend for her 21st and having stayed in several other Pittsburgh hotels before and after this trip I can confirm its the best I have visited. The lobby is breathtaking with an old fashioned feel and welcoming staff. The rooms were specious and the beds comfortable. The safe in our room was broken and staff were quick to allow us to change rooms. Location was great, perfect walking distance to 5th ave and Times Square. Right near the Chrysler and grand central. Well worth a visit.
5	Stayed here for a Steelers game. I had a wonderful experience at the hotel. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Room was spacious and comfortable. Very clean. My bed had four pillows!! Yes!! The hotel is in a quiet neighborhood (except during a hockey game, since it's across the street and fans meet up for drinks at the lobby/bar of the hotel) away from downtown. If you are trying to get to downtown, don't fret! They have free shuttles and the T (metro/subway) is only a 5 minute walk from the hotel (and did I mention it's free! *within the downtown zone*) I would definitely stay here again!
