4	How can they keep giving  away candy?This place is an anachronism...a look back at better days...easier days:)A step back in time to the days when you could sit at the lunch counter at Woolworth's and have an open face turkey sandwich at the counter, brought to you by a nice lady in sky blue waitress uniform:)Here the uniforms are white and the ladies behind the counter aren't bringing turkey sandwiches...they are handing you candy...sweet, sweet candy:)How could we not love them and their sweet and clean candy stores?I know I'm not the one to resist them and their proffer of delightful and chocolaty treats.We still had a "hankerin'" for a little something after lunch today and strolled up the street to See's.We were just going to look...in theory...but the problem is, that when you walk in, you smell the chocolate, these angels in white offer you chocolate (sometimes more than one:), and the next thing you know, you are walking down the street with 6 lb's. of Bordeaux creams, truffles, peanut butter crunch and fudge:)You've been hypnotized by the clean white store, the uniforms, the aromas and free samples:)Are the chocolates Knipschildt, DeLaffee or even Godiva, no...but they are good and  none of those other guys have the ladies in white handing out samples:-)Swing on by and have a free sample...you know you want to:)
5	One giant YUM! While venturing out for lunch I stopped by See's because really, who doesn't love chocolate? The allure of free samples speaks to me! Holy moley! The truffles are magnificent! If I lived anywhere other than the hot desert of Phoenix and assuming I had someone to share truffles with, I would have picked up several. But alas, I settled for two...however the experience was great and I will definitely be back to gather more bait for women...what's the shelf life on a truffle??
5	I remember growing up and always seeing a 1 or 2lb box of See's on the end table in the living room. Pops has a huge sweet tooth, though you couldn't tell to look at him. So, usually the only time I go to See's is when I'm buying him a box for Father's Day/Christmas/His Birthday....etc etc. Thanks to Costco and their discounted gift certificates on 2lbs of See's, I'm not breaking the bank buying Pops candy. Not even 20 minutes ago, my fellow colleague said to me "I'm going to be bad and walk to See's, as they have my Tipperary BonBons right now!" She asks if I want anything, and of course I say no. Then asks me the fatal question, "Do you want to take a walk with me?" Not wanting to pass up on a walk, I go with thinking as long as I don't bring any money, I'll be fine. WRONG! I forgot about the free samples they give. Before I could say no, the gal hands me a Milk Chocolate Peanut Nougat piece. Son of a Bi*ch! I ask which pieces are less in calories as I'm picking up my wedding dress this Friday and I need to make sure my ass fits in it. LOL. She says the Milk Bordeaux (which is unfortunate because my favorite piece is the Almond Square) and I ask if I can swap the Peanut Nougat for the Bordeaux. She then says, well you can keep the Nougat and I'll just give you the Bordeaux. AWESOME! My colleague makes her purchase and the two gals working congratulate me on my upcoming nuptials and we leave. My boss was very appreciative of the Peanut Nougat piece I dropped off at her desk. And the Milk Bordeaux, amazing as always. However, not as amazing as an Almond Square would have been. ; )
5	All you chocolate elitists can turn your noses up at See's all you want.  I love it, and I always will.See's was the "special" candy my family tried to order every Christmas.  Back in those days before the internet (we still had 8-track tape players) at a time when no one really knew anything existed other than what you had seen, there was Russell Stover, Whitman's Samplers (that my cheap ass uncle was fond of giving in lieu of a real present), and See's.  There was no comparison.  See's was it.  I didn't even know they had stores then, much less stores that give out free candy just for coming in.  Kind of like a test drive without the pressure.And I still prefer See's over it's closest competitor to me, location-wise, Godiva.  Why?  Well, the free candy for one.  Number two, it doesn't cost $60 a pound, more like $16.  Granted, Godiva has prettier packaging and perhaps a better product, but not enough to compromise my loyalty.  I was recently saddened to see the store at Fashion Square close, but luckily, this one is nearby.  Much larger and easier to shop in, but my only complaint is that I had to stand in line with people hand-picking their boxes to pay for my pre-packaged items.  But since my husband was one of the pickers, I wasn't going anywhere until he was done anyway.  And his box was for me:)
5	We'll take this over Godiva any day!   The staff is always so friendly and they're always nice enough to give my kids (all 4) a sample, too.    Nothing compares to their chocolates, especially the the vanilla milk chocolate, Brown Sugar Milk Chocolate and Coconut Milk Chocolate!  Don't forget the lollipops that last FOREVER for the kids!!  Just make sure you have a few wipes on hand!
4	In one of my last acts as a Scottsdale resident, I bought a box of chocolates for a very special friend of mine. I figure what better way to please a woman, than by giving her a box of chocolates, right?I popped into this location in Old Town (parking in rear...haha) and there was a VERY nice young lady who helped me. I explained the whole situation to her, and she helped me put together a very nice assortment of chocolates.The thing that really made this all stand out, was the great customer service. Yeah, I was just buying a box of chocolates, but the person helping me went out of her way to get to know my situation, and put together something nice. It's the same experience you get when you go to your own personal florist, or tailor. If you are buying chocolates for someone, this is a great option. Yeah, its a chain, but it's a good one. Plus for me, it brings back memories from my childhood.Each Christmas, my Dad and I used to make a trip to See's to purchase several boxes of chocolates for each of his clients and employees. And the sales clerk would always give me a sample.Without even asking, at this very Scottsdale location, on this very trip, the lovely woman behind the counter brought back an old memory by asking me if I would like to try a sample of their Peppermint Patty. Thank's for everything See's Candies. You made my day that day.
5	YUM! I've heard of See's Candies before going to Scottsdale and now I see why. Delicious. I was overwhelmed by the choices. The quality is incredible. I'm a chocolate lover and have my favorites, and See's just flew to the top. Their peanut butter patties are a must have. At first, I found myself thinking I still liked my classic Reese's cups better, but I find myself craving See's patties now. Too bad I live in Kentucky (but maybe it's a good thing for my waistline). We purchased a 1/2 pound box for around $14 or so. Not too bad!
4	Maybe it's the scent of chocolate welcoming me with the opening of the door, or a free piece of chocolate sample (which is really just one of their normal sized chocolates) with each visit, or just the endless rows of sweet treats, but something about See's Candies always makes me happy. I grew up visiting See's and it was always a special treat when I did. Not only could I pick out a chocolate to take with me, but they also gave every customer a free piece of chocolate which meant, double score for a kid like me! Fast forward to my adult years and I still get the childlike excitement when I visit. I don't visit often, but I do know they are always there waiting for me to pay them a visit during holidays like Christmas and Easter or if I need a box of chocolates for a hostess gift. And let's be honest. Sometimes I just step through those doors to fill my sweet tooth cravings for a piece of their mouthwatering rocky road, scotchmallows, suckers, or bordeux...etc, etc, etc!
4	03/02/13Stopped by for Easter chocolates for the aunts and Mom.  We all love the dark chocolate-covered almonds and walnuts, but I chose a few truffles to surprise them with.  The male clerk that helped me today was friendly and open to conversation, which was nice.  He offered me the standard sample when anyone walks in (that is, when the clerks aren't slammed with helping customers choose and package truffles into boxes) and another when I was trying to find a coffee-flavored truffle- thank you very much!  The Easter-themed wrapping was cute, but a bit sheer.  I suggest finding a supplier that uses thicker paper.  Why bother with gift wrapping, if the recipient can see (no pun intended) what's underneath the romping cartoon bunnies and decorated pastel eggs?  Just a suggestion...I like this stand-alone store, but I still miss the branch that used to be in Scottsdale Fashion Square, but only because the former mall location kept later hours.  This one closes at 6p on business days.
5	I never intend to, but somehow, each year I manage to ruin major holidays by gorging all the See's Candies before anyone in the family ever gets to sample any.At first I'm all, "I think I'll skip breakfast today and have one with my coffee." Then another, and another, and after a while, I'm like, "Aw, fuck it." I don't know what happens, but once I eat one of See's 'Nuts and Chews', I lose my motherfucking mind, slipping into an eating frenzy so pronounced I practically want to devour the box.Anyway, they cost a small fortune but are worth every penny. I bought a one-pound and a two-pound box a couple days ago, the price tag was fifty three bucks. If you do the math, that works out to just under 4 cents a gram, which compared with coke at $40  a gram, is quite the deal. If you have an addictive personality, you may want to glom onto this See's thing. Just up your workout regimen a tad and load up. Try about a dozen with a couple of Monsters first thing in the morning and get ready to kick some boo-tay at work.At least for a couple hours anyway.
