5	Now this is the place to get sushi in volume. The chefs are great and experienced so quality is top notch for a sushi buffet
5	Best All-You-Can-Eat sushi in the city. And Kanda on Queen Mary proves that not all Kandas are the same. If you didn't enjoy a Kanda experience somewhere else, don't write Kanda Queen Mary off. If you enjoyed Kanda elsewhere, you'll love it at Queen Mary. Always fresh, always friendly service, and always fast. I always leave there happy and full, and for the price they charge, what more can you ask? Delicious.
4	There are four or five Kanda sushi restaurants in Montreal and this Kanda on Queen-Mary is definitely the best of the lot. In order to get high value for your money I'd suggest that you go to Kanda for lunch during the week. This way you'll only pay around $20 (tips and taxes included), however if you go there in the evening or on a weekend you could end up paying around $35 with not much improvement on the menu.They have got a big dining hall with very friendly staff and very efficient service. I stick to Sushi but you can order rice, chicken or soup dishes (they're on the menu) or dumplings and vegetable Tempuras as well. Their best item in my opinion is Salmon Sashimi which is basically a big morsel of raw salmon. Try it with their pink shredded-ginger and you won't be disappointed. As for their Sushis, you can go ahead with Kanda Special, California rolls, Caviar and Eel varieties, all of which are excellent. Their Japanese dumplings and vegetable Tempuras are very good too.The dinner buffet has all you can eat ice cream too but in my opinion it's a bit of an overkill. After having stuffed yourself with all the Sushis, Sashimis, Dumplings and Tempuras, it really would be difficult to have a go at your ice cream. That's why, in my opinion, the real value for money for this buffet comes out if you go there for lunch when you can have an AYCE for only around $20.I go there once or twice a month and their quality is very consistent (both for the food and for the service). This restaurant is always crowded at lunch time from people from nearby offices or even from UdeM students (it's that inexpensive hehe). So if you want to have a go at unlimited good quality Sushi without spending a lot of money, I'd recommend you go to Kanda Queen-Mary.
5	This is the best of all Kanda restaurants! The service is very fast, the food is amazing and the place is very nice too.
2	Sushi is of the quality one would expect from an all you can eat.  Not good, but not particularly bad just don't expect any of the fancy rolls you get at non all you can eat places.  The grilled food is loaded with salt and the waiters always make sure your cup of water is filled to the brim - obviously so you eat less.$80 for 2 people including tax tip and 2 beers is kind of steep for the quality you get.  Can get regular takeout of much better quality/originality for certainly cheaper price.
5	I go here only for the spicy rolls and salmon sashimi and sushi. Always fresh, great spicy mayo. Best lunch deal and fast service!! 14.99$ all you can eat lunch!!
4	This place was excellent. I'd long been a fan of Sushi Palace up by Cote Vertu, and this place just gave it competition.Same deal. All you can eat, you tick boxes. The food is all very very fresh and yummy. A more simple, basic menu than Sushi Palace, but somethings tasted fresher in my opinion. Just different, but excellent. But another perk about this place, is that the seating/atmosphere is nicer, with the booths, AND its a BYOB, or for me, Bring Your Own Sake, which means serious savings. We had a great time, and will very much return if we want sushi. This and Sushi Palace are now my favorites in Montreal.
5	My wife and I really enjoyed our dinner here.  The menu for the AYCE is extensive, even apart from the sushi.
4	A vast variety of choices including sashimi, sushi, Chinese and Japanese dishes. Great place for a hearty post workout meal
