4	Wesley Chapel Diner gets an initial thumbs-up!  Great classic diner menu with a few contemporary items, breakfast is served all day, VERY friendly service, everything was cooked to order, and  the portions are HUGE!   My Mom and I had Turkey clubs (next time, we share one order!) and my son had a Shrimp platter.  All of us were able to only eat half of our meals because there was SO MUCH food!Prices are really good, too!  Not old school diner prices, but very competitive for the local market.  Most breakfast plates are $5-7.00, most sandwiches and wraps are $7-8.00, and burgers are $5.50-8.00 (deluxe). The clubs are all around $8.00 and they come with fries, pickle, and cole slaw.  The Shrimp platter was pricey ($12.00), but my son will get two meals out of it (10 big shrimp).  I've attached a couple of pics to show how enormous the portions are. I swear, I'll be eating the turkey club for 3 days...and I'm looking forward to it because it was really good!!The restaurant is on the small side and the food was a tad slow to come up, but everything was cooked to order.  I really can't say enough about how friendly the service was.  We knew that we were taking our orders to go, yet the waitress offered for us to sit in a booth to look over the menu and wait for our order.  She even asked if we needed drinks while we waited.  I had a few questions about the menu and the waitress was very knowledgeable and even offered suggestions.  (BTW...I learned that the gyro meat is not made on site, but the brown gravy is....AHHHHHHH...I see "disco fries" in my future!)We will be back soon for their breakfast...can't wait!
2	I really wanted to like, even love this place because we need the variety in this very limited dining area. So I am hoping the longer they stay in business they can work out the kinks because until then we will stay away.Here's my experience:After Christmas shopping we decided to eat close to home and check this place out. It was @8pm and as we walked up the doors were being locked. As we turned around to walk back to our car, the young lady opened and let us in. So far looked promising but unfortunately it stopped there. As we sat and waited and waited and waited we noticed other customers were let in and seated. Our waitress finally took our food orders before we were asked what we wanted to drink?? Okay so I understand that they were probably wanting to close up and thought they were being hospitable by letting us in, but I rather would have been turned away then wasting our money and time.Now as for the food, yes the menu is a typical classic diner style and chock full of choices (maybe too many). I ordered a cheeseburger with onion rings~ simple order, and my husband ordered the turkey burger with sweet potato fries. The frozen onion rings were not cooked long enough and were a little gummy and cold, cheeseburger was nothing to write home about and reminded me of old school cafeteria. My husband said the sweet pot fries tasted soggy and looked homemade but tasted the opposite. Needless to say we were starving and ate most of it which later caught up to us, and not in a good way.Service- everyone was pleasant  but not attentive. Never asked us if we wanted refills on our waters or how we were doing.Something funny to add...they had the tv on and it was playing Guy Fieri's Diner's, Drive-In and Dives
1	I had the french toast platter and it was terrible!  Dry toast, bland eggs and under cooked bacon. Such a disappointing breakfast.
2	What a great location for a diner, however they are missing the mark.  Our server was excellent, but the comedy of errors unfortunately outweighed the ability of our server.  The menu is massive, and no way executable in such a small kitchen.  We stopped by mid afternoon for a late lunch, and were the second of four tables that were patronizing the business on this day.  We ordered an open face roast beef and a philly sandwich.  Our food took thirty minutes to arrive, and the frenzy that was going on in the kitchen was nothing short of saddening.  The food was mediocre and would have been fine if served in a timely manner, we were not expecting gourmet food.  They need someone with some organization skills and menu knowledge to help them overcome basic operation obstacles.  We will try again for breakfast.
5	Finally there is a diner in the area! The food is great and a break from the typical options in the area. Spending years in Clemson, SC where there are good diners everywhere has made me miss places like this.
5	Food was very good and the portions were large.   Service was also very good.  We had a group of 5 and our baby.   They were friendly to the kids and the wait was short.   We would recommend this diner to anyone.
4	First time eating there.  Menu was large and had something for everyone.  My husband and I had the shrimp platter that is hand done and the chicken fettuccine with the homemade Alfredo sauce.  We both added Cole slaw which cost extra.  Portions were large and we enjoyed our meal.  Service was friendly and attentive.  The cost I thought was high as the meals did not include anything other than the main dish.We will be back to try the sandwiches as there was a huge selection.
1	Really wanted to like it. Large menu with options for everyone. However, poor service, burnt food, and unsanitary food prep ruined it. Watched the cooks handle raw meat and food on my plate with bare hands. He routinely would handle the food and then wipe his hands on his apron. The fries were burnt beyond being edible and we never once were offered refills. I never leave reviews, but I feel that our experience is worth sharing before you consider visiting this establishment.
3	Eaten here several times and it is very consistent. Menu is very large and diverse. Breakfast is good and dinner is not bad either. It's a diner so I don't go with 5 star expectations so for what it is, they do a very good job. Family friendly bit a little small. Too bad space isn't bigger to accommodate more diners.
5	It's hard to find a true diner in the southeast, but this establishment comes awfully close.  I ordered to the quintessential diner staple: the tuna melt.  And it was a 10 out of 10.  And the potato salad was homemade which again is a must for a genuine diner.  My waitress  Katie could not have given better service.   The ambiance is about what u would expect for a diner.
1	I have been to this diner three times and I must say I did not enjoy it. Any meat there tastes like it has already been pre made and shoved in a freezer. The chili was the worst I have ever had in any restaurant. There was was one long hair in my scrambled eggs which tasted like hotel served eggs. The pancakes were average. Bacon was all fat. Sausage tastes like they ran to Harris teeter and bought it there. Most of the staff is polite and understandable So that was nice.   You sit where you please, bathrooms are mediocre. Also there was a weird particle of food that was stuck to my menu. I tried giving this place a chance and they failed me every time. This is my general opinion on the establishment and other people may have a better or different experience. I will not be returning.
4	True diner breakfast!! And it's on our way to work! Friendly and fast! Who need a nasty McDonalds breakfast???
