2	Ordered a patty melt. Good flavor, but I ordered it well done. The server brought it to me medium. Sent it back, and it came back, well, medium well done. Had the soup and it was salt city! Probably won't be going back. The chef or manager was asking for input, so I gave it to him and said my medium well done burger was well done. He must be color blind.
2	I live very close to this newly opened restaurant and I REALLY wanted to like it.  Um...no.  Went on a Thursday night. Not overly crowded.  Plentiful lighted parking, which was great.  However, the outside of the building (oddly painted over signs, and the cigarette strewn walk should have been a clue).  It does look like a rough country bar like in the movie "Road House"...if only Patrick Swayze was there to greet me...(miss you, Patrick)  But I digress.  The inside of the restaurant is clean, and the seating is plentiful,  The lighting is not attractive-- no warmth or lights over the booths-- two ceiling fans with large overhead bulbs.   The place where I sat was very dark and not in a good way.  I was immediately seated, but I waited a very long (about 15 minutes) before my order was taken and water was brought to my table.  From being to seated to getting my food was 35 minutes, which did seem a little long for a basic burger--As I sat there waiting, the sounds of yelling was frequently heard coming from the kitchen.  I don't know if the "Chef" knows this, but the sounds really echo in his dining room.  It was very disturbing to hear him holler at his staff.   Checking out the menu, I can see that the menu is strange.  A few steaks, lots of burgers and a few greek items....GREEK food?  Yes.  Greek salad and a Greek Gyro sandwich..and I think another greek entree.  Interesting.  I assumed that the chef might have had some Greek heritage.  Why else would someone add a few random greek dishes to an otherwise country/bar feel type of restaurant?    Let's check this out!   I decided to order the Gyro-- but my young and very inexperienced waitress told me that they were out of Gyros tonight.  Okay...I ordered the mushroom swiss burger instead.  Soft drink order was delivered---HUGE ass cup.  Seriously--normally that is the sign that they don't want to have to come and check on you to give you refills.  And it proved to be true in this case.  Mushroom swiss burger was pathetic--the burger patty  correctly cooked to my liking, but that is the only thing nice I can say about it.   The rest was extremely low quality.  The bun was a burger king bun, the cheese was cold and not melted and the mushrooms were CANNED-- slimy, gross CANNED mushrooms.    I cannot believe I paid $6.99 for a burger that was lower in quality than McDonalds.   I finished my meal with dessert-- the waitress recommended the bread pudding..and the menu said it was homemade.  I asked specifically if it had a "sauce".  She said she checked with the "Chef" (I do question how anyone who prepared my incredibly pedestrian and low quality meal could be called a chef, but what do I know?)  and told me it had a carmel sauce on top.     Hoping to end on a high note, I took a chance.  The square cut bread pudding I received did not have any sauce.  I never detected carmel flavor..and it was served stone cold.  Direct from the refridgerator.  COLD.   I dont remember ever having stone cold bread pudding.  I sent it back and asked for it to be served warm.  Less than two minutes later, I received it back.  It was not warm, The center was still refridgerator temperature.    I gave up a that point.  I know this place is new...and I hope they can get it together before they chase everyone away.  I will not be going back-  My $16.99 meal was an extreme disappointment and I left feeling very unhappy.
1	Went here last night with my daughter, son-in-law & granddaughter. We thought it sounded like a fun place since the site we were on stated it was created to mimic the movie Roadhouse with Patrick Swayze. No it's not.They have been open 2 months and while we were eating our dinner they were doing construction on the dance floor/stage area! Seriously? The menu had several items blacked out with a sharpie, if you're opening a restaurant don't you think the menu would be one of the things that is set in stone first?My dinner literally made me sick (Gyro sandwich) everything was bland, the fried tasted like they were freezer burnt but used anyway.My daughter had a burger - asked for American cheese on it but got cheddar, also bland and she agreed on the fries being freezer burnt.Son-In-Law had a steak and he said it was okay but putting into context that call him a human disposal that's not saying much.Granddaughter doesn't count - she's 6, ate off my plate and never had a gyro before so had no basis of comparison. She ate off my plate because this is a FAMILY RESTAURANT with NO CHILDREN'S MENU. They did however offer her a basket of crayons and a sheet of notebook paper which the server had to take back long enough to rip off the phone number that was written at the top of it.They've been open for 2 months but are having their GRAND OPENING this Saturday. I hope for their sake they can get this right and soon or they will be calling Gordon Ramsey in for help as they go belly up.
