3	Did I just pay $100 for a pair of custom jewelry earrings?  I definitely have a problem.  I thought this year I was going to be better about my impulse shopping.  I was wondering around the Scottsdale Quarter, first thing I need to stop, when I noticed the Kendra Scott store I had seen mentioned on tv a few days before.   The store is really nice and the ladies working there are pretty friendly.  Yes, the jewelry is cute, and the option to "design your own" at the color bar is a nice touch.  That's were they got me.  I ended up picking this chandelier earrings to go with this mint jeans I bought a few months ago.  I ended up with two pairs of earrings that cost more that the 3 pairs of earrings, 3 bracelets and a necklace that I bought at Ann Taylor (yes on sale).  By the way, if you do the color bar, the items are final, so I better love this darn earrings.
1	My problem with Kendra Scott is not their jewelry, but their store policy on returns.  I purchased a Necklace for $300.00.  It turns out, my wife already had the necklace.  I promptly returned the item, only to learn that it is Kendra Scott Corporate policy to only give store credit/gift card for any returns. I, well my wife, has spent a great deal of money at Kendra Scott, and this felt like a slap in the face.  Bad policy, bad customer service.  I only wish I learned this earlier, but my wife has liked everything I have purchased in the past.  The only reason I needed to return this was because she already owned it.If you purchase something from any location, or online, make sure you will not need to return it for any reason.  Definitely not a good idea to buy a gift from Kendra Scott.  I will not shop there again, nor will anyone else in my family.  This will probably save me a lot of money over the years!  (that is the only positive)
5	I went to this store after it opened (and a week after I visited the store in ATX). It was a very pretty store and much less crowded than Austin. I had an item made in the color bar and also bought a pair of dee earrings. The sales associates were very attentive, helpful, professional and easy to work with. Since it wasn't as busy as Austin, I didn't feel rushed. I think I spent hours here with my friends putting our color bar items together.
