4	The Cafe Bistro Serafim was a great find in Old Montreal. They serve wonderfully prepared food, most of it organic.  You can't miss with the any of the breakfast omelets or crepes.
1	Is there a "no star" option? This place is a ridiculous joke. Dirty tables, dirty floors, rude service, and a $5 charge to use the bathroom for non clients? haha what? We wanted a quick cold drink and did not want a menu but it was forced upon us. There was nothing that appealed to me so I had some apple juice which cost $6 (it was a tiny dirty glass by the way) and my partner had iced coffee (which was crushed ice and ground beans poured into a small glass). It cost $14 for one glass of apple juice and an iced coffee. STAY AWAY FROM THIS TOURIST TRAP!
3	It's a very simple, casual bistro in Old Montreal, with great food and service above average (for Montreal standards). It's true they charge 5 CAD for non customers to use the restrooms, but the place is very clean. The main dishes are, actually, a 3-course meal consisting on soup, greek salad, and what you asked with a side order of vegetables. Serves two normal or one hungry person. I asked the shrimps, and they were JUMBO shrimps, lots of shrimps. Waitress was very friendly, even with my crappy French. They have an outdoor patio, but it's impossible to seat there, it's full of bees. They probably cover the tables with honey. They would benefit of AC inside.
3	Fun little organic greek place in touristy old Montreal, we sat on the patio and were fairly undisturbed in moderately cold weather. Fun people watching(I saw a drive-by photoshoot that had me laughing for the rest of the day) and a great bistro atmosphere for drinks. I wasn't inside much but the bathroom was nice, and I don't see a problem in the $5 charge of the restroom -- It's a nice way of saying that the restroom is for customers only. The food was decent greek fare. The grilled cheese was nothing special but the veggie burger with tzatziki was good, if not a little expensive for having no sides.
1	We are so stupid: in the face of dozens of reviews saying this place was mediocre at best, we still went. And we're locals! WHO KNOW BETTER! Their claim of gluten-free breads turned out to be completely untrue. We ordered two sandwiches (smoked salmon and duck, which both tasted exactly the same) and a main of overcooked and under-seasoned red snapper with mushy, brown vegetables. The place was empty but it took us an hour to be served. When we walked in, we knew better: fluorescent lights overhead (and not in a kitschy way), an open fridge with fish just sitting there, some tables with white tablecloths (hinting at fine dining?) and others without... a random collection (ie, 10) books, ranging from a hardcover about business strategy and a couple trash novels and lonely planets... the plastic-and-pleather menu.... there were clues everywhere.All this for a whopping $75! But, it's our own fault. We knew better.
5	Visited for the second time for breakfast, it was still just as good as the first. I loved the raw feel that was reminiscent of bistros I visited in Europe.Yes, the service is slow...but well worth the wait if you enjoy a well orchestrated breakfast.
5	Good people, great food.Best sandwich I've ever had.Order smoked turkey.
5	This has to be the hidden gem of all gems in Montreal! Don't be thrown off by the sometimes intense host, this is a family owned, authentic greek place so the people working are very passionate about the food.Overall, they serve up amazingly fresh, authentic, and organic greek food for an amazing price! As if this weren't good enough, they also have an amazing selection of ready-to-go foods and desserts and a little mini specialty market in the corner of the cafe! Also have great outdoor seating. LOCATION/NEIGHBORHOOD: Located in the heart of Old Montreal, on a picturesque, cobblestone street the location is prime. It is not on the main, super-touristy square, but it is still on one of the fun streets in old montreal. It is a great neighborhood to go for a walk in before or after your meal (or both).AMBIANCE/DECOR: So this may not be the most modern, or chic of places, but the decor and ambiance are authentic and welcoming. It has a comfortable, homey feeling, and is cute in a casual and comforting way. The decor is very much that of an authentic greek/Mediterranean cottage or restaurant. The ambiance ranges from buzzing and full of life (during peak hours) to quiet and almost romantic during the later hours of the night, or off hours during the afternoon. They have adorable outdoor seating, which I encourage you to take advantage of; the outdoor seating is like sidewalk cafe dining in europe, and is very enjoyable if the weather is being cooperative. SERVICE: The service is usually prompt and attentive. Both times I have eaten here the server has been very knowledgeable and passionate about their food and about making sure that we are enjoying what we are eating. The first time I ate here I believe we were being served by the owner (he works here all day, every day) and he made us personalized salads that weren't even on the menu according to our tastes (at no extra charge). Both times I ate here they were very accommodating and understanding with my picky eater/vegan requests and made sure that we were having a good experience. FOOD: Alas, the things that makes Serafim the true gem that it is......the food! Almost everything on the menu is organic and seasonal, but that is just the beginning. The menu is extensive, but you can't go wrong with anything! The options range from such creative mediterranean fair as savory zucchini tarts and bison with wild mushrooms, to traditional kebab plates moussaka, and vegetable tagines. They also have excellent salads and fresh seafood. I am vegan and am obsessed with their vegetable tagine; my mom (who is in no way, shape, or form vegan) tried it the first time I got it and was obsessed. The flavors were so perfectly balance, and the mixture of vegetables, sauce, and chickpeas with rice was perfect; I am salivating just thinking about it! My mom got the vegetarian moussaka and fell in love, she couldn't stop raving about it. We both loved the salads we got as well. The next time I went I got the chickpea salad to go from the deli case and it was delicious! Also go some greek coffee and another order of the vegetable tagine........it is to die for! Honestly though, you can't go wrong with anything you order. The food is authentic, made fresh, and made with love in every bite....sounds cheesy but it's the truth. Special notes: On sundays they have an AMAZING buffet that goes until 8 pm.....if you can make it to this, you will be the happiest person on the planet!
5	I stumbled upon this restaurant while walking around Old Montreal and fell in love.  Sat outside and the ambiance was perfect.  Ordered a white sangria, and it was the best one I've ever had, with fresh blueberries!  Staff was attentive and felt very local. Absolute must!
4	We walked in when the chef was having dinner with his family.  His son cooks with his dad and his wife works the front of the house.  The menu is heavily influenced with Greek dishes, which is representative of the chef's native Crete.  The lamb shank was melting off the bone and had an incredible flavor. The grilled vegetables were fantastic, and the entrees were served with a complimentary salad and roasted red pepper soup.   They went out of their way to make sure we were happy and enjoyed our time there.  It felt as of we were having dinner with old friends.  The experience was so enjoyable, I know I will return again and again.
1	TOURIST TRAP! Slow and poor service, and iced coffee that was disgusting and an iced tea from a bottle (mango flavoured?! Which isn't what I ordered.  Over priced.
