5	These toasted subs are delicious and the munchies are amazing.  I recommend the White Widow with their "home-grown" ranch and the Cap'n Crunch with Crunch Berries treats.  There is nothing frozen, the meats and cheeses are sliced in house, the sauces are homemade and everything is made right in front of you.  They have a number of vegetarian options too.  The portions are large and filling, a "Pinner," their 8" sub provides more substance than any footlong from any other sandwich shop.  The location, the former King of Falafel and  Asian One, has seen a complete transformation from dumpy old restaurant to a welcoming, clean, bright, spacious eatery where the tunes and staff make you feel like you are right at home, if home is on a sunny beach with delicious smells constantly wafting about.  Inside there are three large murals painted by local artists and the walls are adorned with a number of cool band/tour posters.  The staff is very friendly, offering suggestions and doing whatever they can to make sure you have a great experience.  They also have a small bar currently offering four area beers, Lake Louies Scotch Ale, Capital Seasonal, New Glarus Spotted Cow and Ale Asylum Hopalicious, I was told they will be adding two more taps in the near future.  They currently offer delivery in a 1.5 mile radius.  I'll be back repeatedly and will make sure to bring all my friends and family who visit from out of town.
5	Another welcome addition to Mad-Town.  Whether or not you indulge in the Doobie-wah-Kenobi, Cheba hut will not disappoint!  I had a chance to mow down on a variety of items during their grand opening this past week.While I may have been skeptical at first glance, overall, I was totally impressed with the whole package.  First off, the subs were excellent.  Appropriately sized in either Nug, Pinner or Blunt, I opted for a nug of White Widow and a pinner of La Canna.  The White Widow was a ridiculously delicious combo of Chicken, bacon and mushrooms slathered in ranch dressing.  Righteous.  The La Canna was  a classic take on an Italian deli sub with salami and ham.  All in all, the subs were fresh and tasty.  As well, I respected their heavy-handed selection of veggie subs...so if you prescribe to such a diet, you'll have a hell of a selection in comparison with other comparable sub shops.  I would be remise to exclude the wild selection of baked goods.  From hemp brownies to crazy cereal-laden marshmallow treats, they're not to be missed.   Add a couple of brews to the mix (yup, they have a bar!) and you're all set.  On a side note, the staff was super attentive and proactively helped me pimp my sub out...cheers to that!  I will definitely be coming back soon.
5	This place is LEGIT.  Seriously.Sorry if word abbreviations bother you (my grandmother was a high school English teacher and just hates the popular use of 'legit' more than just about anything else- sorry, Grandma!), but I could not think of a better word for Cheba Hut.The space is a vast improvement from the several previous restaurants that I have seen at the location - the interior is spacious, clean, and filled with cool art and posters.The staff was awesome - very friendly and helpful.  I was greeted warmly and given very tasty recommendations as to how I should dress up my sub.Speaking of which, the sub was delicious!!  I went with the Majic Mushroom sans-cheese, which was teriyaki portabella mushrooms, pineapple, and peppers.  I added a bit of mustard, some lettuce, onion, tomato, pickle, and cucumbers.  It was stuffed to the brim.   The flavors were great and everything tasted amazingly fresh - because it was!  Before I ordered, the cashier explained how in-house their shop was - they make their own dressings, cream cheeses and guacamole, slice their own veggies, and bake from scratch their own "munchies" like hemp brownies, cereal treats, and more.They also offer a few selections of local brews.The only way I could see improvement is perhaps by offering gluten-free bread? Just because my roommate, who recently found out she's gluten-intolerant was bummed she couldn't join me.  Otherwise, I can't think of anything - Cheba Hut rocks.I highly recommend you guys check this place out.
4	Great bread, unique subs, good tunes... A winning combo.  Decor and vibe of this place is great, and the food above average as far as subs go!  Worth the stop!
5	I had to bartend down the street at The Lava Lounge on Friday night for state wrestling and stopped in for a sandwich. The place is bright and very clean. I was greeted immediately and ordered...The sandwich was awesome! The cereal bar snack was delightful! I never write yelp reviews and I felt compelled to because these guys have it figured out!! The staff was super friendly! I will tell everyone I know!! Five Stars!!
2	This was another place I wanted to love, but the pace of the service is just what you would expect from a place that has a clock permanently set to 4:20. We stopped to get a couple quick take out sandwiches. The guy taking the order was super cool and made a good first impression. Once the order was placed, he bagged up another delivery order, delivered it, and came back before they were done making our first sandwich. It was every bit of 30 minutes. And, most annoying, they didn't even act like they were busy! One guy fumbled with a salad lid for like 10 minutes...bewildered as if he had never seen one before! I wanted to snatch it out of his hand and show him that he was obviously trying to put it on upside down! He even grabbed another as if a new one would somehow go on upside down. He wrapped the salad and side of dressing in plastic to prevent leaks. Nice thought but also VERY time consuming. The other sandwich girl wasn't taking a hint either. The guy in front of me told her he was hung over, didn't care what was on the sandwich, didn't want to answer questions and asked her to just make the sandwich they way she wanted (in other words, hurry the F up!). She continued to ask him the questions anyway...Sandwiches were pretty good, but not worth the wait.
4	I came here when they first opened and got a salad. The food was decent, but the service was slow. I would try them again now that they are a little more settled.
1	The food is good, but I will never order from here again. I placed an order for delivery and it took them over two hours to deliver it! Absolutely ridiculous.Service has been exactly the same whenever I have gone in there. Cheba hut, you have officially lost a customer. Take a page out of Jimmy John's book.
5	Makes iron chief look like a lean cuisine
1	No number of cash promotions can save this place.As a disclaimer, I have been fortunate enough to visit the Cheba Hut on The Hill in Boulder, and I am astonished at how starkly contrast my experiences have been between the two locations.At its core, Cheba Hut offers unique and quite tasty sandwiches at an appropriate price. The Magic Mushroom sandwich with the works is probably the best vegetarian sandwich available via delivery in Madison, and I've heard The Kind is also super solid.That being said, it is so disappointing to have a would've-been-amazing meal ruined by the worst customer service the fast food industry has to offer. My in-store experience was mediocre at best, my food having taken fifteen minutes in a line of two sandwiches. Employees aren't helpful, and don't seem to know what they're responsible for. It generally seems disorganized.When you order for delivery, your sandwich might arrive in an hour fifteen (if it arrives at all, because this store doesn't seem to honor every order, based on whether or not they feel like making and delivering it -- seriously) wrapped in aluminum foil, soggy because of poor packaging and cold because it sat around fully dressed before someone felt like delivering it.It's disappointing craving a Magic Mushroom sandwich and not wanting to put up with lousy management to get it.
4	Very good sandwiches! The establishment looks small from the outside, but once u walk in its nice and roomy. They have good old school rap music playing overhead. My husband and I got the BLT, mine was with Avocado and onion. Convenient bc they are open late, and I can't wait to see what the place looks like when they open up their bar!
4	I love all my carbs toasted. I would rather be late for work and take the time to toast my bagel than eat it untoasted. This place drew me in because all their subs are TOASTED. Toasted to perfection, served warm, with just a little bit of golden brown starting to appear on the bread. Mmmm....heaven. This place has a fun vibe. Reggae music playing, really chill workers, plenty of seating inside. Their sandwiches come in 3 sizes 4 inches up to 12 inches. Nicely priced and a pretty extensive menu. I got the Kali Mist which was delicious. Had a bit of kick to it, nicely sauced. I hate dry sandwiches. Can't wait to come back and try all their subs. They have a fun selection of desserts  rice krispies but also captain crunch krispy bars, cinnamon toast crunch bars, and fruity pebble bars. Sorry Jimmy John's, Which Wich, Firehouse Subs, Quizno's... every other sub place on state street I'm starting a love affair with Cheeba Hut.
