3	One of many, many souvenir shops in the newer part of Old Town (if that makes sense). Lots of T-shirts (particularly the Life Is Good line), but shelves stocked with other trinkets and interesting goodies. I wasn't sure if I was in one store with many rooms, or trapped in a maze of many stores connected by hallways and doors, but either way, there was a wide selection of things to bring home.
4	I stopped in here on my lunch break to try to find a Father's Day gift since I knew that they carried the "Old Guys Rule" paraphernalia that my dad loves (see pics if you don't know what I am talking about). I found that they had tons of gift items for just about everyone. There were lots of funny and cool T-shirts, board shorts and swim cover-ups, a bunch of baby and kid clothes with cute and silly sayings on them. Of course they had plethora of stuff promoting Scottsdale and AZ (that's a given) but they also had a lot of cool items that were not touristy souvenirs at all. They even had higher end items like jewelery, purses, and sunglasses. I will definitely be back next time I need a gift for someone and have no idea what to get them... and it worked out well on this occasion when I did have something specific in mind, too.
4	What a great store and very helpful too!! The only which would make it better for me personally is they carried either V-neck or Scoop neck T-shirts and in women's sizes- but I was able to go to target and pick up a couple of T's and take them there and they printed on them.Thanks ladies for all your help weekend (first weekend of Giants Spring Training.
5	Went here had a unusual experience. Had a custom T-shirt made to order only to discover a problem after getting home. Called the store from California the next day.Manager not only said sorry, they sent a new shirt to me a few days later no charge!Great service, nice friendly staff, and lots and lots interesting gifts of varied prices and interests. Check it out when your in Old Town Scottsdale for Ol' time service.
