5	If you are looking for an air conditioning/heating company - stop looking and call Frank or the Creative Air Conditioning team!I have worked with Frank V from Creative Air Conditioning for over a year.  He did the initial consult prior to our leasing our commercial space, to determine whether the air conditioner would meet our needs and was in good working order.  He later saved us $1,000s a few months later by solving the mystery of why our electricity suddenly stopped working (drywall dust from tenant improvements) and went on the record regarding the unit's previous baseline working condition.  Frank has also alerted us to the fact that someone was stealing our electricity when he saw a plug into our roof unit that he had not noticed before while he was replacing filters.  You cannot find anyone with a better work ethic and more integrity than Frank.  He is knowledgeable, kind and an excellent technician and consultant.  With starting a new small business, there are a lot of details, and many people who give the hard sell and then don't deliver.  Frank has stood out as a bright light throughout - reliable, smart and always with a good suggestion on what would increase unit efficiency or bring down costs.  I give him and Creative Air Conditioning my highest recommendation.
5	Frank V with Creative Air has always taken care of my HAVC needs. I recently had a complete house AC replacement. Frank was very informative on what the house needed and he also asked questions about my temperature comfort zones so we could size the units appropriately. Frank explained the process from beginning to end. After the install he spent time with me to explain how the system works and helped me get some extra gadgets connected as well as Apps for my system so I had control from anywhere. The system Frank recommended and installed is awesome. My old units were over 24 years old. Frank took extra steps to make sure that everything was cleaned up and sealed for proper air distribution. This month I compared the electricity bills from the old system to the new and I can't believe how efficient these units are!! I SAVED $164.00 over last years bill at this time. The house is cooler, more comfortable and quite. I even get email alerts if the internet goes down or if there is a system failure which has not happened. Frank knows his HAVAC but he is all a technology geek so he can help with the most novice systems or the most complex. Franks followed up a week after install just to check up on the me. I appreciate that type of customer service. Don't think about it call!
5	Great service frank and I'll be sure to let the guys at the fire station know who to call. Thanks again.
5	I called Creative for a tuneup since it had been a while since our last service and we have a very old system. I also had them install a Honeywell WiFi thermostat I bought. Frank came by and installed the t-stat in just a few minutes. He was very familiar with the unit and helpful in the setup. In spite of the age of the AC unit and less than optimal match of condenser and air exchanger, Frank assured me that all was ok. No attempt to sell me anything I didn't need and he was in and out efficiently. And he's a nice guy and handled all my questions professionally. Nice job, Frank!
