5	I have three regular salons where I go to get beautified and Cariloe is one of them. The vibe is relaxing and nurturing, and the salon is filled with art from the owner himself. I see Melanie McDowell, and she is so fun, energetic and delivers top notch service. She has all the colors you need, tinsel and feathers. It's easy to get pretty at Cariloe. Best of all, you will walk out of there still wearing your designer shirt. While Cariloe doles out great service, the stylists don't charge an arm and a leg.
5	Like most girls, my hair is very important to me, so it's scary putting your trust in someone new. I decided to go to Cariloe after a bunch of people recommended them to me... I am newer to Vegas and had had a bad experience at another Vegas salon last year, which made me leery of trying another(my regular stylist is in Denver, so I would just wait and go to her). I am so happy I now know where to go! I saw Tara, who did a WONDERFUL job on my hair(full highlights) and listened to what I was saying about my hair. I have a lot of hair and it takes a lot of time to go through. Tara did not rush through anything and was extremely pleasant the entire time. The customer service was great across the board. I asked about products and she was able to match me up with something that is working wonderfully for my hair. Cariloe will be the only place I go for hair in Las Vegas :-)
4	Let's face it, we ladies are picky about our hair and who touches it! I have followed Mo here since she knows what I need before I do! I love the funky atmosphere and laid back vibe. Love this place!
4	I have been a regular to this hair-saloon for 3 years. Christine always does a great job with my hairs. She is great with styling, coloring and extension. She is also a very fun person to talk to. I used to have very long hairs. Christine recommended me to have bob hair style which turned out gorgeous on me. I still have bob hairstyle now. Christine would sometimes change the length or highlight color to make it more fun. Atmosphere here is kinda funky and modern vibe. Salon is closed on every Sun and Mon.
