4	Went here for lunch today and I'm so happy that I did!Think this restaurant is fairly new so there were not a lot of people there.  Besides us, there were two other tables, both spanish speaking.  Good sign!We sat down and they bought out fried dough.  It's equivalent to funnel cakes without the powder sugar.  Was delicious and freshly fried.I ordered the beef steak that came with rice, two over easy eggs, sweet plantains, french fries, lettuce and tomato.  That was $12.  It was very tasty.  Love the seasoning.My partner had the 1/2 rotisserie chicken with french fries and a side salad.  That was $9.  He wasn't even hungry when I dragged him in there but he ate like he was ravished.... meaning... it was very delicious.  I had a few pieces and wished I had ordered two entrees instead of just one.  They also bought out a home made hot sauce for dipping.  Chicken was great with it.The menu is pretty diverse.  There was a huge soup and seafood sections.  While there I saw a guy ordered some type of soup with noodles and it came out in a huge bowl.  Looked really good especially for such a cool day.  I will definitely try the soup next time I'm there.  Menu was reasonably priced.  Atmosphere was OK and food was GREAT.  This will go into one of our regular restaurant rotation.  So excited that I found this place and can't wait to go back with friends.
4	I chanced into this place because it's almost across the street from La Shish Kabob. My last and only meal at Machu Pichu was so dismal that I never went back and I've been craving for Ceviche. The location used to be a Thai restaurant, lots of wood and carved elephants, but the music is lively salsa and not played softly either. Business is very slow, Mily and Lalo (the owners) do the cooking and serving both. First we were served a complimentary basket of fried dough with some twists. The flour is made of Yuca and the Peruvian red salsa that served with it kicks arse!! Spicy but also packed with flavor -no relationship to Mexican salsa, none. I squeezed a few drops from a lime wedge on top of it to really get my taste buds jumping. We didn't want to stuff ourselves on dough but it could not be helped.Then the Ceviche arrived, mine mixed seafood, my companion's just fish. The marinade was truly excellent. The fish was as "fresh" as it gets in Charlotte (the only unfrozen fish is the goldfish in the bowl) but the ceviche was so good that we not only ate it all, we scooped the sauce from the plate to sip it, that good. I could taste that it had just been prepared there and then. At that point we were stuffed. This was followed by a Chaufa de mariscos (sea food and fried rice) and some salsa verde for us to compare. We tried some it was delish and couldn't settle on which sauce matched best - I said red , but I would have been happy either way.  Too much is too much we had it bagged to take it home.Mily the wife/owner/server was super nice although we got there near closing time. We had two very large (10oz) glasses of a decent Australian Sauvignon blanc and we were charged only $3  per!I'll upload a picture of "Causa Rellena" - mashed potatoes with spices and lime and filled  with chicken, excellent again, this was not a dish that I'd expect to find in a cheap joint. Those who shy from spicy foods would enjoy it too. If you want to know what a Ceviche *should * taste like, try them before it's too late. Obviously there is more to Peruvian cuisine and much of it is quite delish. Be patient, since they prepare everything to order the food takes some time to arrive even if the place is slow.ps they close at 9pm
4	Not to be confused with Lilo and Stitch or Hanna Montana, Mily & Lalo is a charming Peruvian restaurant off Sharon Amity Road.  Our waitress said that their roasted chicken and seafood dishes are all the rage.  We went for the seafood and it was scrumptious.  My wife got a seafood variety in a tomato broth and loved it.  She was picking out crab meat for a good thirty minutes.  I had a creamier sauce over my seafood and were it not for the copious cilantro (more on this later), it would have been fantastic.  We also received delicious lightly fried bread before the main meals with a spicy dipping sauce.  Out of this world.I would have given Mily & Lalo a 5 star rating were it not for two things - 1.) the men's bathroom (didn't look like it had been cleaned in a while), and B.) cilantro.  Let's talk about cilantro, shall we?  It is an egomaniac.  If there is any other flavor in a dish, cilantro stops by for a visit and says "you think you have flavor?" and then you taste nothing else except cilantro.  It really needs a smackdown.  So my advice to restaurants is this: if you're going to put a lot of cilantro in a dish, please let that be known in the menu. Cilantro - if you're reading this, meet me at the bike rack at 4 today.  We gonna have at it, brutha!But that's neither here nor here, and so please check this place out.  I think you'll be happy you did.  By the way, Peru is north of Chile, for all you Americans like me who are geographically ignorant (and Chile is on the southwest side of South America).
4	As I walked in I was extremely surprised that the interior was definitely not what I expected. Anyways, with the decoration and what not Ill get to the food.Lets say, majority of the fish and seafood is fried. Even though it looks delicious, those who are looking to be more healthy might want to look towards the meats and things that are not fried.I ordered:Carapulcra (49) which consisted of a marinated chicken consisted with a dried potato in spices with white rice. I was looking forward to the sauce as this will mark my first Peruvian dish.My verdict: it was very tasty! There was a good amount of potatoes and it wasn't too bad. It was a little salty, but not to the point where it was unbearable. I thought the best dish would have been the Pescado a lo Macho. The fish was delicious mixed with the sauce. (we ordered medium heat)Other dishes ordered were the hockey beef fried rice, and a chicken dish with cream that I can't think of (but it was really good).*And to note an interesting fact: when the waiter said fried rice in the native tongue of Peru, they actually spoke a little Chinese. The Chinese word for fried rice and their word were the same, if not exactly. This actually amazed us and see that it was very interesting how Peru had some Chinese influence.Overall, I will come back here to try other dishes. The prices are cheap and it's a nice and quiet place that is unknown to Charlotte. I would recommend this restaurant if a Peruvian taste bud pops up!
5	Best place for Peruvian food in charlotte and Mily is a sweet heart,
5	George R. was right when he told me about this place almost nine months ago (even before they had moved to this new location)!  Fantastic!  A new Favorite!!!The Complementary __   ___- (Bread) - Tasted like Donuts and this Fantastic Spicy Sauce with some Lime Wedges was GREAT!!!Inca Kola was the Banana flavored Conbonated Drink!  Impressive!!!  5 yelp stars _____   ____- Beef and Onions with Egg Wrapped in flaky Baked Potato with Red Onions in Lime Juice (I think) Excellent!  I will be getting this again next time...  We'll have to take more people with us!  We saw some of the other tables getting one of these!Yucca "Fries" too salty and still YUMA!!!  These are the best I have tasted so far! 5 stars!Number 49. Chicken and Beans with Rice (Peruvian Curry? my description) - It was good, not great, yet glad to have tasted it, though would not order it again...Our Server was very friendly and helpful, made a few suggestions!  They do not serve the "Pudding" (Mazzamorra Morada) Dessert every day so if you really want one, call or send a smoke signal or espn or...In a House!  Probably the safest feeling spot in the neighborhood!  The Decor is kinda Thai House, III meets Machu Picchu, old Thai, New Incan not to mention the Mexican in between!  Did I leave anyone out since 2003?
5	East Charlotte is like the ethnic food/anti chain neighborhood of Charlotte, full of family run restaurants. There are so many I want to try, but just can't get past Mily & Lalo. The house it's located in was a Thai restaurant back in the day, and still retains the ornately carved bar. It's lovely and unique; no sense getting rid of it. Not for the carbaphobe, this is some heavy food. Some of the plates feature a salad, but it's seems sort of an afterthought or garnish. If you can get past that there is plenty of good eating. The meal always starts with a basket of fried yuca bread which is gluten free! Warm and steamy with a very slight sweet taste and is absolutely delicious. It is served with a spicy salsa that is either a creme de rocato or aji sauce. Dipped everything I could into it to try and figure out what it was made of; requested more when I ran out. Seems to be either heavy cream with chili, lime and maybe a bit of horseradish or mustard. I could do shots of this. Appetizers are so reasonably priced, why not get two? We always start with the potato and beet salad, probably one of the lighter items. It also includes green beans and peas in a light mayo like dressing. It is a perfect foil to the beef heart kebabs, which are tender yet slightly chewy with a marvelous smoky grilled flavor. It's really good with the previously mentioned chili sauce.The entrees are enormous. Ceviche is always fresh tasting and tangy with a hint of hot spice. The corn, marinated red onions and sweet potatoes that it is served with provide a nice contrast. There is a steak dish served with eggs, french fries, rice and fried banana's that is massive and filling. The rotisserie chicken is juicy and flavorful and served with plenty of fries. You will not leave hungry.As for dessert, their rice pudding is simple and yummy, redolent of cinnamon and clove. After missing out on the mazzamorra moradaI finally got there on a day that they had it available. You can order it straight or get it on top of the rice pudding. It was like eating a from a jar of  lightly sweetened room temperature blackberry jam, with a gooey texture and chunks of fruit. Unique and delicious. Next time I will get it on top of the rice pudding, it sounds like a beautiful marriage.Check it out, the menu has a lot of variety and surely there will be something you will want to try. There are so many dishes I wish to try, so I will return.
5	2nd visit, first review: both visits my boyfriend and I were the only patrons but the service was no less attentive and no less friendly. First visit we had a half roasted chicken and Peruvian paella, this visit we had the catapulcra (delicious!) and the lomo saltado de pollo (so amazing I want to eat it every day). Both trips we walked out with plenty of leftovers and a comparatively small dent in our wallet. I can't recommend this place enough. SO GOOD!!
2	I went here yesterday and got the chicken and beef fried rice and the Sudado di mariscos. After reading the great reviews on yelp, I was excited but the food was disappointing at best. The hot pot sauce tasted like salty water and was otherwise flavorless. The fried rice was blackened from the hefty use of soy sauce. Don't think I will be going back to this place.
5	Omigosh! I was so excited to find this hole-in-the-wall Peruvian restaurant and we were not disappointed. They feature Pollo Inka which is Peruvian chicken. This is very similar to the chicken served in other Latino countries which is a whole chicken which is slowly roasted. It comes accompanied with the mystical "green sauce" which is savory and spicy. Be daring and try the garlic "ajillo" sauce which is quite spicy but which I think really enhances the flavor of meats and starches.Ceviches are served with a small side of corn-nuts. They were not shy with the lime juice which I loved. All servings are generous in size and very fairly priced. A giant bowl of their version of chicken noodle soup was $7. I asked about their yuca dishes and the server surprised us with fried yuca appetizers on the house. She answered all of questions and didn't hesitate to go check with the back kitchen if she didn't know the answer.Worth the visit!
5	Love this little spot for Peruvian food. It's a little far from where I love but worth it every time!
4	I've been there yesterday for lunch. It was pretty quiet at 3 pm. We had ceviche and halea. I was happy with the quality of food. Ceviche was fresh, not rubbery, just tasty and a little spicy. Halea is fried seafood. You know, you can fry whatever and it will be allright, even pickles:)) We think, they have  imitated crabfish in their halea.  They don't make their own tartar sauce, they bring a bottle. On a bright side, food was fresh and tasty, the bread was delicious - it made out yuca flour. And service was friendly and eficient. Place is clean, it's kinda important to me. I think, it's very decent spot and good addition to the neighborhood.
4	After leaving the restaurant, I was pretty dead-set on giving this place a three-star rating.  But as the days passed, Mily & Lalo was on my mind...I can hear a faint whisper in the air: mi mi mi, ly ly ly... la la la, lo lo lo.  That's when the mescaline was in full effect.  But I had to have it... you see, I was craving the bread.  That delicious world-rockin' yucca bread.  It tastes like a donut.at.its.m-fing.core.  So good.  When you take a bite of it (and dip a piece in the spicy ambrosia-esque sauce), you'll know what I'm talking about.  Some say exaggeratiion reeks of sarcasm, this, my friends - the bread - smells of the truth.  Abandon religion - find the bread.Ceviche's okay.dmo out
5	They have great lunch specials: good meals including soup and drink. They are cordial and clean. Peaceful atmosphere. It's a keeper for weekday lunch.
4	I don't care what people say. I have a soft spot for Mily y Lalo. I've been there so many times the server knows my order and doesn't even have to ask me what I want. I've had aji de gallina, lomo saltado, anticuchos, leche asada, 1/4 de pollo con ensalada y papas, and a few other things. All were pretty good. So much better than Machu Picchu, yuck! My favorite thing is the bread. Ooooh man, it is so good. They're fried pillows of goodness. Take a piece and dip it in the spicy pink sauce and you'll love it, too. Service is kind of slow. It's normal for there to be one server for all of the tables. It's never bothered me much. I keep going back. Lunch is kind of hard if you're in a hurry. It used to be a Thai restaurant and some of the old decor is still there mixed with Peruvian llama wall hangings and traditional music in the background. Don't let the outside of the building fool you.
5	I was in town from Jersey and a friend recommended me to this place. I'm Peruvian so i know the typical dishes and so i had the arroz chaufa mixto (mixed fried rice) and it was delicious, but this was the first time I tried the Yuca bread. I am not much of a fan of Yuca itself, but that yuca bread was awesome. Next time I'm back in town i'll definately be goin back.
