4	everything I have from La Rocca's has been very good. Try their appetizer bread (can't recall the name). Their pizza and pasta are great, though I prefer the pizza a lot more.As an Italian food fan, I feel that they use a few fine ingredients rather than using various mediocre stuff. The pasta sauces are excellent and by far better than any of the chain restaurants.The pizza has well-balanced flavors due to ingredient choices.
4	What they lack in atmosphere they more than make up for in food quality and value. Most of the ingredients are locally sourced and there is a great beer selection and a concise assortment of wine. The vegetable rolle is amazing - perfectly al dente pasta and a savory combo of alfredo and marinara sauces. I don't recall what I had on my first visit but it was good enough to bring me back a year later.I make sure to eat here every time I am in Madison and you should too.
5	Best Pizza in Madison, hands down!I got the pizza with eggplant, tomatoes, and 4 cheeses.  It was friggen amazing.  The sauce is clearly homemade and the vegetables fresh as can be!  I was torn between the vegetarian lasagna and pizza.  Bf got the pasta primavera.  He wasn't blown away but said it was very good and he fell in love with my pizza as well.Also to note, it seems as if this place had more vegetarian pasta options than meaty ones... YES!2 dislikes... our server was very awkward and when we ordered our bottle of wine, it was brought out already open with no cork, and she didn't present it at all.  I have worked in the service industry for about 10 years and even at the dippy chain restaurants you get your wine properly presented... I didn't like that at all.  But the flavor of the pizza made up for the weird service for sure!
5	Best Pizza EVER!I love love love this place. Great pizza. Great service. Friendly/cozy atmosphere. Great prices. Its wonderful. I've tried their pizza, pasta, and tiramisu. All of it has been great. I would recommend this place above all other pizza places in Madison.
5	This is the closest you can get to true New York City style Pizza here in Madison, WI. No other Pizza place in Madison comes close to the NYC style like La Rocca's does. The owners are the ones who do the cooking, and they are very friendly. It has a one room cozy atmosphere, but at peak times you are sitting really close to other people. Not really a problem though. If you want insane and exotic 'Pizza', try Ian's on State Street. If you want as close to authentic NYC style Cheese Pizza - come here.
2	I'm in town for the weekend and came here based on the previous reviews.  Well the previous reviews are obviously from people who work there because this place is just AVERAGE.   I go to NYC. A couple times a year and this place is far from authentic NY PIZZA.  My GF and I both ordered pizzas(I had thin crust and she had thick crust) and they were nothing to write home about. The crust taste like cardboard,  ingredients were ok,  and sauce was ok.  Checkin on airtran waitress was great and my Caesar salad was good.
2	Looking for inexpensive pie with salad from a bag? You found it. Looking for great pizza? Keep looking!The other dishes may be worthwhile. The owners speak Italian, they had a good bottled beer selection and the service was fine but the pizza? No!
2	I guess there's a reason there's never anyone at this place.  The only positives are that the service is friendly, and in terms of ambiance, it's understated in an authentic sort of way.Sadly, the pizza was much like frozen pizza...maybe an expensive frozen pizza - DiGiorno or something. Next time I'll just pop one in the oven instead of going here.
4	Another great neighborhood place. We eat their pizzas fairly regularly for take out, which are delicious. Recently went and sat down inside. Started with splitting the Tricolore salad with the balsamic vinegar dressing, which exceeded expectations. We also got the meat lasagna and chicken parmesan, which were similar but hit the spot. Good flavors. It's a great neighborhood spot if you want a low key night with good food.
