5	I take my westie to Lori's and every time they are super friendly and do a beautiful job with her. I'm very picky about her haircuts too. She jumps out of the car to run inside - which she doesn't do at some other groomers. I love they have daycare so she plays all morning and then gets groomed in the afternoon. Last time I accidentally showed up on the wrong day and they never even mentioned it - they just fit her in anyway. And..their prices are in-line with everyone else in town, in fact they might be a little less.
5	Lori's is a great facility with wonderful, confident and friendly staff.  As a veterinarian,  I am comfortable referring my clients with grooming needs to Lori's Pet Agree!  She and her staff do a thorough and professional job.  The pets enjoy the day care and play time that she has available as well.   Lori's Pet Agree is highly recommended! --Dr. Kristine Collins
5	I had taken my terrier here for grooming before he passed away nearly two years ago and finally was ready to get a replacement pup.  My new terrier is about 8 months old now and is a Lori's devotee!  Their staff are all gentle and caring, and her grooming has always been just want I've asked for!  Not only are their staff welcoming and always remember your pup when you come, they also offer doggy daycare!  The doggy daycare is perfect for tiring out a young puppy in a very homey setting (their facility is an old house in downtown Middleton).  My vet advised against one of the larger dog daycares in town due to her smaller size and it being possibly overwhelming, so Lori's is the best of both worlds!!!!  In fact, I'm on my way to pick her up this afternoon from a grooming and play day!
5	If you and your dog want to feel at home this is the place to go. My wife and I were walking through a park of John Nolan dr. Seen a beautiful dog. We got talking to the owner. We asked her where she had her dog groomed at lori's was the place. Next day we had our dogs with us. We stopped at Lori's just to meet and greet and ask a lot of question. Lori said she has been doing this for 20 plus years wow. She said she had one cancellation. We felt very welcomed and were happy with all the answers. We did leave one of our dog Angel for a full spa treatment. We were so happy with the shampoo nail and all other cleanings. We are glad we seen Maggie and her owner that day. I have always believed in supporting local businesses and products thanks again
