5	Have to say my wife and I have never found a better shop in all are life. moved out to AZ 4 years ago was driving around and found United car care II. The owner Trevor was really good. Man he loves is Rock and Roll. was having issue with a 1999 saturn sl2 with cooling sytem. said no issue with add some water to and ba boom it was done.  i take all my car here now. I live out in Surprise and when i need the tow truck to take they all ways want me to go some where eles. and i tell them no. So if you want a honest shop to work on your cars go talk to Trevor
5	I have been going here for about 7 years, and Trevor has always treated me respectfully and been honest about the work I needed done on my cars.  I won't go anywhere else, it's so difficult to find a mechanic you trust and I fully trust this place.  If I could give 10 stars I would!
5	Trevor is the owner and he is the hardest working owner I have ever seen, they are an honest establishment that has serviced our whole family's cars and we will continue to be a customer. Word of advise, they are always busy so call ahead to get your car in. to me that says a lot about a place of business.
5	Best repair shop I've ever been to. They are honest and upfront about everything. They are extremely conscious about your wallet and always go the extra mile. Trevor is the owner and oversees everything that his crew does, assuring a job well done. This shop has been built on customer loyalty. I've been taking my vehicles here for 7 years, mostly for just oil changes, because when they fix a problem, you never have to worry about it again. Here's an example of the work. We left a car battery in the truck bed once and acid leaked and ate away at a very expensive part. Instead of ordering a new part, Trevor worked on fixing the damaged piece and saved us hundreds of dollars. That was over 50,000 miles ago. Still runs great. The a/c completely went out in my car. I was ready to put a new one in. None of the regular signs came up in the diagnostics. Trevor called up Toyota to get the most ordered part for my car on the a/c and replaced it in my car and that solved the problem. $100 spent and I've got ice cold a/c coming out of my car. That was 100,000 miles ago. I've now got 203,000 miles on my car with the original a/c and his $100 repair. To top everything off. I had an irs audit and needed to prove mileage on my car for 3 years. No problem. Went to Trevor and he has printouts of every receipt of service with mileage stamps for each oil change. That was exactly what I needed. I can't say enough good things about this place. If you're sick of getting the runaround, then get over there and get your car on the right track.
