5	Love this spot! We go once week, some times twice! Awesome spot to just kick back and enjoy an awesome prime rib, and an ice cold draft. Friendly staff, great bartender!
5	Keith, Brent and Staff rocked it again last night!! 8 oz Prime rib, cooked to perfection! Such an awesome place. : )
4	This place serves good, seasonal food and has a nice staff. It's super quiet and the ambiance is nice. They pay careful attention to detail in both the setting and the food. If your normal dining out experience consists of Applebees or the like than this place would definitely fit into the special-occasion category.I had the 8 ounce filet on the grill and it was perfect.
5	Great steak with very reasonable prices. I had the filet with prawns and 2 sides for $26 what a great value.  Comes with homemade breads and pesto garlic dip, and bacon corn bread.  The only downside is very small restaurant and you can hear the casino slots ringing during your whole meal.  Will be back soon.
5	I can't say enough wonderful things about the food quality at this restaurant for the price!  I've had dinner there three times  this week and the filet is simply amazing.  I had my first sample of Cholla Steakhouse 12 years ago and although I don't gamble, I will keep coming back again and again for the filet.  I think I know what dinner is going to be tonight :)
5	The best steakhouse I've ever been to.  Service excellent, food quality excellent, and all for an unbelievable price.  If you live in the Valley you really need to try this gem.
5	Outstanding steaks, very tasty sides, incredible service and the prices were more than reasonable!  I rate our experience at 100% All four of us agree this is the best dinner we have ever had! I highly recommend it....we will be back!
5	Outstanding from the second you walk in!  The service was wonderful, the atmosphere, food and the  prices AMAZING!  we were treated like royalty. steak dinners and sides, and more sides and more special little treats...  wonderful!We even received a complimentary happy anniversary creme brule and the end of the night!  most amazing experience! will definitely return when in the Scottsdale area.
5	I'm writing this from sitting in the bar so much. I have eaten here a lot lately. I always have a great experience when sitting at the bar. Great service, food, and drinks....the dining room experiences, lets just say not even up to par on there best day...
5	This a great place for great food. I had the Elk steak with broccoli and potatoes with a glass of red wine.  The elk was awesome!!!  A definite must the next time you are there.
5	STOP READING, JUST EAT HERE!  OK, I'd be skeptical too, so here goes:I went to this restaurant based on earlier Yelp reviews.  It seemed strange to me that a steakhouse buried in a run of the mill casino would be rated so highly but we decided to give it a shot.  We were rewarded big time.This was the best meal I've had in years, period.  It truly felt like five-star dining, from food quality to food quantity to atmosphere to service to value.  We ordered the porterhouse for two for $59.  It also came with clams/mussels, salad and four accompaniments.SPOILER ALERT:  There were a few amazing touches that really made the experience.  After we ordered, we were brought a small sample of filet mignon to what our appetites.  It was absurdly tender and flavorful, and came with an unbelievable porcini mushroom sauce.  Later, there was a mango sorbet intermezze.  The coup de gras was that they actually cut the steak for us into small strips (about 1 inch by 3 inches), picking the bones almost totally clean!  Finally, even though we didn't order dessert (no room!), we were brought delicious cubes of espresso chocolate.Oh yeah, unlike most restaurants that gouge for little things like sodas and substitutions (if they even permit them), we were charged $1! for soda with unlimited refills, and nothing for a substitution of a salad that cost $1 more.This is that rare restaurant that truly understands customer service, and strives to provide not just a nice meal, but an "experience".
5	Well worth it!!!  My new favorite steak house. It was a very good ecperience. Calling ahead for reservations is a
5	Lisa DI had out-of-town company and needed a restaurant that was a midway point between North Phoenix and Mesa.  I have been to Casino Arizona many times to dance in their lounge  So I was very surprised to find a 5 star restaurant at their location,  Well I have to tell you what a wonderful find.  The food was AMAZING, the service superb and the level of detail so refreshing.  The wonderful little goodies in-between courses was such a nice touch.  Four of us had chateaubriand (mine was rare the other was medium rare) and it was the best steak I have ever eaten.  Now I am a bonafide foodie - big time.  My husband and I are going back often.  But I tell you you better make reservations because this is not a large restaurant and with food this good at an unbelievably reasonable price it is packed.
5	I have no complaints about anything here except that I almost ate too much of the awesome bread before the real food arrived. The chateaubriand was cooked perfectly and the sides were very adequately portioned. In fact, there was too large a portion of the garlic mashed potatoes for me to finish. I highly recommend this place.
4	My ribeye and my wife's filet were excellent. Great prices too, we each got a drink and the bill was $60.
5	I've been to cholla twice had great service both times. Today my father and his wife  wanted to take me to dinner my choice. Now my dad thinks The Texas RoadHouse is phenomenal.  I said alright let's go to cholla. And they couldn't believe the classy ness upscale feeling that cholla steakhouse gave them. They ordered a rib eye steak and lobster tail for $25. Cause it was my birthday a round of drinks were comped as well as the desert. I recommend the filet and lobster mashed potatoes. And if you can handle dessert get the Royal Flush chocolate cake !!!! Cholla steakhouse is one of the hidden gems of Scottsdale!!! Check it out!
5	My husband took me here for our 5th Anniversary and we were speechless. Gourmet meal from start to finish! The specialty breads, sorbet, sides & chocolates were delicious additions to the chorizo stuffed dates, which were delectable, the strip, which was perfection, and the delightful creme brule with fresh berries.This chef is world class and the service was top notch.
5	I went here last night with my girlfriend when we were looking for a nice place to eat a upscale meal, and we were not disappointed. Not in the least. The meal was fantastic and the price was beyond fair. I felt almost criminal leaving there only paying what I did for the food and service!
4	This place is so worth your money!  They give you a lot of little appetizers before your meal arrives, for example pate w cheese and crackers, bread with really yummy pesto, and a sorbet to cleanse your pallet before your steak arrives.  We got the rib eye and filet mignon, both were cooked perfectly to what we order.  I'm pretty picky about the way my steak is cooked, medium rare ! Services was a bit slow, seemed understaffed but they were very nice. Will come back to try more things.
5	Dinner last night was incredible! And so reasonably priced.We started off with a small piece of filet and artichoke, compliments of the chef. There was a white sauce with a hint of horseradish on top and the meat was delicious. Then the bread was brought out. It came with whipped butter and a pesto dip which was so yummy. There was several different breads: a pepperoni roll, a wheat, and a slice with what I think were sundried tomatoes. The pepperoni roll was incredible and I am not normally a fan of pepperoni...For appetizers we ordered the bacon-wrapped dates ($8) and the calamari ($7). The calamari was nice and crispy and the lemon pepper tartar sauce had a little kick to it. However, the clear winner of this round was the dates. They are stuffed with chorizo and a water chestnut, then wrapped in bacon and served with an amazing hoisin dipping sauce. The water chestnut added just the right amount of crunch and the dipping sauce was fantastic. These are a must-order!Next, the bowl of seafood bisque ($7) I ordered came out. The manager warned me that it was a big bowl of soup but the size still surprised me! It was probably the best seafood bisque I have ever tasted, loaded with chunks of shrimp, scallop and crab that I could actually identify, unlike some that I have ordered in the past. At only $7 it's a steal! I had to box at least half of it up t leave room for my entree.Next came a mini martini glass with a small scoop of orange sherbet to cleanse our palettes. I am normally more of an ice cream fan, but this was some of the best sherbet ever! I found myself wishing the scoop was just a little big bigger :)The entrees were brought next. I ordered the filet with prawns ($26) and my friend got the lamb ($22). My filet was cooked perfectly rare and the bearnaise on top was to die for. The prawns sat on some tomato lime coulis which was great. My friend let  me try a piece of lamb and it too was cooked perfectly to medium rare. It had just the right amount of fat in the cut of meat. Our sides included broccolini (also cooked perfectly), au gratin potatoes (yummy), creamed spinach (not as creamy as I am used to but the crunchy topping really elevated it), and lobster mashed potatoes (with chunks of delicious lobster in nearly every bite, $7 upcharge). At this point I was too stuffed to eat anymore, but my friend ordered the dessert special, a baklava cheesecake ($7). The round cheesecake had the sweet honey glaze on it and crunchy filo and nuts piled on top. I only managed one bite but the contrast of the cheesecake with the crunchy filo was amazing!Finally, we were brought two small chocolate espresso cubes to finish up. I ate a bit of one and it was creamy and delicious. All the food we were served was soo delicious and the best part was the price: Just over $100 WITH TIP.  I mean, we basically had an eight course meal for two people, so that is an incredible deal. Plus I was so impressed with the quality of the food. The filet was one of the best I have ever had, the seafood bisque was absolutely loaded with seafood, and I will dream about those dates until I can go back. This is a great gem of a restaurant.
5	Gem inside of a casino az ... Wow ambiance , service of top notch restaurant and price unbeatable .  Fillet was amazingly tender, taste like $50 steak instead of $22 with 2 amazing sides.    I don't want to share because place is small, roomy but they only put couple tables in so privacy, great place for a date night you can wow your date :) They even brought pallet cleanser sorbet. Nice touch :) and even though we had no room for their fantastic looking desert they gave us home made strawberry truffle thing,  awesome !
5	We don't go out for steak very often because we are invariably disappointed. Nice surprise at Cholla, great steaks and excellent staff. No big deal walking through the crappy casino. Prices were more than reasonable, especially if you are a wine drinker.
4	Shut the front door are you kidding me....  What a gem I was so surprised.  I have seen this place on Yelp before not sure why I didn't try it.  A co worker was in town and he was try to fine a reasonable steak house "Bulls Eye".The surrounding casino is small and compared to most I've been in here in Arizona not bad.The space it's self is small / cozy i think only 16 or so tables. From the time you were greeted until the final note I felt I was in a high end steak house. I won't repeat all the great things from the little taste of steak, great bread and just great service, I'll focus on the items I thought were top rate.Think of this place as a outlet steak house, same great food at a high discount.  The New York Strip with 2 sides included for $21 would have been easily twice that even in a mid range place, plus they would have charged for the sides !!!The thing that really impress was the wine price.  I ordered a BV blend for 45.00, and when the waiter brought out a BV Tapestry I told him that had to be the wrong one.  We'll he doubled check and it was the replacement for the one on the current list, my comment "Sold".  In any store retail is around what they were charging in the restaurant, so whole sale price still a very small margin for one of my favorite wines.All in all a diamond in the rough, high quality low price incredible service, and attention to detail.  You have to try this place you will not be disappointed..
5	One of the best deals and food in the Scottsdale area,  we were not really sure about being located in the casino, the good thing is parking was easy and plenty of open spaces.Walking through the casino smelled of lots of smoke and the sounds of slot machines,  as soon as we walked into Cholla, no more smoke it was a top notch steak house with a great ventilation system hard to believe a casino was only a few feet away.   We had a party of 18 people with some kids they did a great job of balancing the adults and kids.   The food was great, I had a tenderloin with veggies and a wedge salad.The salad had great chunks of blue cheese and bacon.The steak was cooked perfect and very big for the price $22Good bread and a pesto sauce to dip in.You could pay more but not really get more than Cholla, it is small and comfortable so you may need reservations.Enjoy...
5	If you don't want to have your mind blown because the best piece of meat you've ever eaten was at a casino, then don't go here! Otherwise, prepare to have you mind blown because that piece of meat is only $22!
5	Hands down, one of the best steakhouses I have ever been to.Walked in to a 15 minute wait, but they called me on my cell phone when the table was ready. On the dot 15 minutes. Sat down and was delighted with a small sample of exquisite Filet Mignon. It was so good that I ordered exactly that. Medium came in exactly as wanted. Deliciously marinated and spiced. At $22 for a Filet Mignon, I can easily say, it's the best 5-star Filet Mignon under 25 bucks. Came with two delicious sides- I got broccoli and mashed potatoes. Best broccoli I have ever had. Got the crab filled shrimp appetizer and it did not disappoint.We had Sangria and it was priced well and was delicious. They also brought out bread during the wait.Very good experience. Will come back again.
5	I can't say enough good things about dining here. The food, atmosphere and service were all top notch. The price was extremely reasonable. The chef sent out a couple sample items which were all fantastic. Loved the lemon sorbet as the intermezzo. I had the ribeye and my husband the filet. Both were cooked perfectly and the addition of two sides with the entree was a nice surprise. This is truly a hidden gem in the Valley and the best steakhouse we have visited in Arizona. We will definitely be back again.
5	Hey Yall....Lord have mercy on my greedy butt!!!!! Okay 1st off this joint is located in a stinky azz casino....but when has SMOKE or LURKING BUMS ever stopped me...Ha Ha Ha...i laugh in the face of danger for good food. This place here is quite an EXPERIENCE. I can't believe that they don't have more reviews...to be honest it's sad that they don't. Well was greeted like Royalty and Promptly Seated...my server Linda was great and knowledgeable of the menu....i had Filet Mignon with Proccini Mushroom sauce, Au Gratin Potatoes, and Broccolini....NO SEASONING REQUIRED....now about the experience: while you're reviewing: the menu another server comes out with a bite size pieces of ribeye steak possibly medium rare with a . bernaise sauce, the same server Romero comes out again with a basket of bread sourdough and pepperoni bread for your spreass you have pesto and butter pluse a mini skillet of cornbread, while you're finishing up your breads they then come out with a ice lemon treat to cleanse your palate right before your main course comes out....i also tried the Creme Brulee on the manager. As I write this Linda then brings me out a Raspberry treat....send yes Hunty I have pictures of it all!!!! This is a treat that you should not miss out on.
5	Best dinner I've ever had in the Phoenix area! It's my new favorite restaurant and we will be back a lot! Service was great and the food was absolutely amazing! We went for my birthday and got a free prickley pear cheesecake. There was so many little surprises throughout dinner like a sample of filet mignon, lemon sorbet, tasty bread, delicious cornbread  and raspberry chocolate. We would have easily paid twice the amount for this dinner. It's a great affordable, romantic and awesome place to eat dinner!
5	What a wonderful find. The food was great and the price very reasonable for what it was. Four people with bottle of wine and dessert and coffee $147. The ambiance was elegant but not overbearing. Our waiter, Santiago, was very friendly and helpful. All in all a very nice experience.
5	Cholla Steakhouse really is, as so many others have already said, a true "hidden gem" of the Phoenix Valley!  The staff is so friendly and accommodating, every single item of the menu incredibly delicious, and not to mention probably the best value for your money that you will find at steakhouses around the valley!  The bartender is the nicest I have met in Phoenix, and his homemade watermelon vodka martini was fabulous!  To top it all off, they even included free dessert (a perfectly made creme brulee) for my birthday; what a thoughtful, nice surprise to end my special day!  We will definitely be returning and recommending Cholla Steakhouse as a "must try" restaurant of Phoenix. : )
5	We were visiting from Seattle and decided to go to this steakhouse based on the Yelp reviews, and it did not disappoint! The service, the food, and the wine were outstanding. The staff was such a pleasure to interact with and they were very attentive to our every need. I highly recommend this steakhouse.
5	Words cannot express how much I love this place. It is definitely my favorite steakhouse I've ever been to, and not even just in Phoenix.Such reasonable prices, and the tasting spoon, bread basket and pallete cleanser that comes before your entree is phenomenal. The intro alone to your meal is worth 4 stars.Bread:There is a variety of breads, including one with bacon swirled into the bread, and amazing mini jalapeno-cornbread skillets. It is to die for. The bread also comes with a pesto dipping sauce. The tasting spoon (don't know what to call it lol): Every night, the chef prepares a one-bite tasting spoon--my favorite was a bite of filet mignon with bleu cheese crumble over some arugula. Pallete Cleanser: Lemon Sherbert! So refreshing and delightful!And then the entrees. I have had Lamb and Filet, and they have always been perfectly cooked. Their mushroom sauce is amazing. Everything my husband and his family gets always looks amazing as well--I don't think they can do anything wrong!We also always get the Sweet Corn Casserole! It's one of the prime sides for $5 and it's large enough that I always have leftovers for another meal the next day. It is so delicious -- crunch, sweet, creamy -- and tastes just as good the next day.The entrees range between $20-$30 for their steaks, which is on par or cheaper than other steak houses. But what you get for the money is way more worth it. The same entree at Monti's is $40+, and I don't enjoy it nearly as much! All in all, I cannot tell you how much I love this place. I love it so much I'm always waiting for the next holiday so I can suggest Cholla's as a place to eat :P
5	Came to chollas on a business trip. The ribeye was very good and the price can't be beat at 20 bucks. The chef brought samples of other dishes and complimentary apps and dessert as well. Highly recommend.
5	Had dinner last night at Cholla and it was amazing.  Our server Linda was the best ever.  The food was the best I have had in a long time, the steak was done perfectly and the salmon was amazing.  We have been to Cholla a couple of times and each time the experience is outstanding.  Best place in the valley for a great meal.
5	Honestly the food was amazing and the service was even better!
5	Our family went to this restaurant specifically because of the Yelp review and were VERY pleasantly confirmed on our desire for a moderately priced steakhouse. There were 5 of us and we all ordered steaks of all kinds and each was impeccably seared and flavored. All the little touches of great service and special touches was great ! They brought out sample nuggets of filet mignon, specialty breads and little nuggets of lemon sorbet to start, then after the fabulous dinner brought scrumptious little nuggets of raspberry chocolate dessert, all complementary touches that were very classy. One of the best features was how quiet the restaurant was, we were able to hear each other, a lot of steakhouses are crowded and noisy making the experience more about the food and not the conversation. This was a wonderful experience !!
5	I was curious to find out if the Yelp reviews were true.  They were.  This place was a great and affordable steakhouse.  For the quality food that you get and the excellent customer service, you can't beat it.Our waitress was Linda and she did an amazing job.  You get a variety of bread for free with your meal and we even received cornbread as well.  Then they brought out a sample of steak and they brought a sample of raspberry sorbet shortly after that.I ordered the filet mignon with a baked potato and asparagus and my date ordered the ribeye with a baked potato and carrots.  Everything was delicious and cooked correctly.  However, I plan to order a ribeye or strip next time because the filet mignon didn't fill me up enough.This place is very nice on the inside and I highly recommend checking it out.  With our meals and two drinks, our bill was $48 and some change!  Not bad at all!
5	This place is AMAZING! Had the seafood bisque and it is just perfect! My party had burgers and loved them! No one spoke as everyone was too busy eating, just absolutely delicious. The restaurant seems to be a little small, but they definitely make the most out of their space.  The artwork isn't too much and there's a nice view of the chefs in the kitchen. Definitely a great, intimate setting!
5	This place is beyond incredible. I took my wife here for our anniversary, we got 2 amazing steaks! Great price and we will definitely be returning. Yum, yum, yum!
5	After reading all 5 reviews, I had to try it. The food was awesome at reasonable price. Good service, Ruth Chris prime quality meat at half the cost. Will be back for sure. We got the chateu filet for two with mashed potatoes, carrots and broccolli. All items wre good and we both loved the mashed potatoes over the gratin.
5	My wife and I ate here about two weeks ago and we totally agree with most of the reviews. We were seated immediately and the waitress promptly took our drink order. The manager presented each of us a small bite of the filet with a bit of bleu cheese dressing and some herbs. I'm not a fan of bleu cheese but it was delicious.For starters, my wife ordered the crab-stuffed shrimp; I had the caesar salad. The shrimp was excellent, the salad was just a touch on the acidic side.The bread basket contained three types of bread - one with some bacon inside (what's not to like about bacon!!!) accompanied by a plate of butter and some pesto dipping sauce - also very good.Before our entrees arrived, the waitress served a sorbet "palate cleanser" - very nice touch.We both ordered filet for the entrees and they were cooked perfectly. We also had potatoes and veggies; the potatoes were good - the veggies were great.For dessert, we split the creme brulee (one order was enough for both of us) which came with strawberries, red raspberries and blackberries.Other than the VERY MINOR salad error, we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly.The prices were about half of what Donovan's and the Capital Grille (two of our favorite steak places) charge. We will definitely be back!!!
5	Not sure what we enjoyed more, the food or the service!  Linda and Joy made my wife's birthday extremely special (besides making me look like a sweet genius for making the reservation).  The Chateaubriand was so tender I'm not sure a steak knife was needed.  And the Lobster mashed potatoes are a MUST.  Such a great experience - you can see why it's earned a 5 STAR RATING.
4	Don't go...horrible place.  Bad!.  Oh, did I give it a 4?  Must have been a mistake.  I'm going to go back in a few weeks and give you a more thorough review.  May have to go again in August. just to keep you up to date on this horrible place.But a true, honest criticism...there is NO non-smoking area in this entire casino.  Not even in Cholla's lovely bar area.  I guess that's where I meant to award the 1 star.  The waitstaff could use a bit of training - this restaurant truly wants to be a 5 star, and almost makes it...just train the employees a bit more to 5 star service.We had Chateaubriand...not nearly as tasty and tender as I expected, but still excellent and an excellent price.  And done just to our order.  Asparagus was wonderful - wish I had ordered a double helping.  The au gratin potatoes were a huge disappointment....need to get the cheese into the layers, not just on top.  The creamed spinach was wonderful as was the bread - especially the cornbread. (Next time, I ask for extra).  And the seafood bisque was wonderful!!All in all, a fine experience.  I just hope they can make a few improvements and I'll be happy to give them another star!And get the damn cigarettes out of the bar!
4	After an amazing drive threw the wilderness starting in Chandler up to Payson then Christopher Creek and a back road to Young and down to Globe we decided we wanted steak. Had nothing to do with all the cows we saw along the way.  Once again I'm Yelping for beef!This place had mostly the best reviews. So we gave it a try. Now don't get confused with Morton's you are entering a casino. I read it was "dressy" recommended and someone's comment that it was far from that and given we've been driving for hours with the windows down we were absolutely not dressy. I figure "casino".... We can go however we please. And I was right. We got there at. 4:40 and they don't open until 5:00 so we put out name in the reservation book and walked around for 20 minutes. They were very friendly and the bus-man was super friendly.  Linda was our waitress too and she was very welcoming. We both had New York strip, baked potato and asparagus. In addition we ordered creamed spinach. My only complaint was medium rare came medium. My husband did not like the basaltic onions on his steak. He thought they were over powering. I liked them. We had calamari. I was not thrilled with it but husband liked them. They tasted like they had cinnamon in the breading. The price was great and for that four stars. PS. Concord Road down Hwy 288. With a stop at McFadden lookout a must!
5	This is the real deal! The filet mignon is super yummy, but you can't miss when you share the Chateaubriand for 2, it is to die for! Order it medium rare and you're good to go! Great service, and very accommodating! But, remember to make a reservation and ask for a booth if that's your preference, they only have 3! The prices are so good, it's clear that this place is subsidized by the casino!
1	Review is based on burger only. From the description on the menu it sounded amazing.  I figured it would be a fresh ground burger since after all Cholla is a steak house. Order burger only to be presented with a Frozen Pre made starfish shaped patty with factory grill marks! Truly disgusting burger couldn't finish half of it due to rubber like texture and lack of seasoning.  Should have returned to kitchen and had it taken off bill. I definitely would never recommend this place for a burger. Waffle fries were good just avoid burger at all cost.  All other food at Cholla is very good overall Amazing steaks. Not sure if all burgers from Cholla are always pre frozen or if I was just the unlucky one that night? Haven't been back since
5	There is a reason this place is five star! Here is 5 more! Great service. Delish food. And reasonably priced. Where we else can you get a filet dinner with two sides for under $30 a person! Portions are very reasonable and enough to make you full. Steak was cooked perfectly. And nothing to complain about. Perfect meal.
4	I wish Yelp had a 4.5 star button because that is exactly what this place deserves.  We went to the casino that this was located in, and my girlfriend remarked that the spot was a diamond in a nicotine filled desert.  I think that's accurate.  The casino itself isn't much, and this place is definitely a nice find in the middle of it.  It outclasses its surroundings which is great.  We took a look at the menu, and were shocked a the value to be had.  Our waitress remarked, "Honey, we're inexpensive not cheap!"  Definitely true.  The food was pretty good, we both got the filets.  My filet was the right temperature, but my girlfriend's was a little rare, even to the point of being blue.  The service and the deserts were fantastic.  I really had a great time here, and I think the prices were great but the incorrectly cooked steak knocks a star off.  We will be back again!  Our favorite deserts were the strawberry shortcake, and the royal flush....  Mmmm
5	Absolutely amazing!! Best service! Not often do you have a dining that blows you away....Cholla did this and exceeded any expectations we had. You will not find a better steak for the price anywhere in Arizona. (Yes maestros but it's 2 1/2 times the price ). They serve you a hot towel and  amuse bouche to start, sorbet in between to cleanse the palate and a 14oz ribeye with 2 sides for $20. Linda did an amazing job and we can't wait to spread the word. Thank you!
4	Intimate bar setting, great service..great specials,.infused tequila and vodka's...white and red sangria.
5	Honestly I don't believe I've ever had such a great meal for such a great price! Bottle of wine, appetizers, dessert plus full meal for husband & I for around $60! Absolutely amazing in all aspects.
4	Went here last night for the first time with my boyfriend to celebrate his birthday. I would suggest making a reservation, because the place is small. I do appreciate that the restaurant is enclosed, because it is right off the casino floor & I would not have enjoyed the smoke while trying to eat. My boyfriend & I both has the NY strip with a salad appetizer, I had the wedge (which is their house salad). The bacon on top looked extremely cheap, I kept calling it Subway bacon, because it looks like the type of cheap bacon Subway would have. The dressing was a blue cheese bacon which was good, but the lack of quality bacon was a little off putting. My boyfriend liked his Caesar & had no complaints. Also we both has drinks, I had a house wine (under $6 a glass) & he has an amber bock (under $5 a glass), so those prices were great.They forgot to bring the bread everyone raves about. When we asked out waitress about it she apologized & it was brought out ASAP. The bread was okay. Next our meals, the steak was really good & cooked per my medium rare request. The sides, broccolini & mashed potatoes were both good as well.Overall I would return & recommend it to others. Great meal at a good price with attentive & friendly service.
2	Average steakhouse. Above chain steakhouse prices, but about the same quality. Located inside the Arizona Casino, so it was extremely smoky.  Small, but practically empty. Unless you're a gambler, it's not worth the visit.
5	The quality of the food and the service were far beyond what I would expect for the price range. Will definitely go back!
2	First let me say I want to LOVE this Place. I LOVE that I can wear shorts and a t-shirt to have a nice steak dinner. I will start at the beginning. The reservation at 5pm on October 4th, 2014 was made and it was notated that it was a Birthday celebration. Cool. We show up at 5pm and are seated straight away, they just opened. Our Server Is Linda, if you have read other reviews she gets great raves. I ask for a Martini menu? No such thing so she went and asked and it seemed they really didn't have any infused vodka martinis so Vodka martini up it was. Husband had a draft Blue moon. We had looked at the menu ahead of time so we knew what we wanted and ordered. This place, as you have read, has a bunch of really nice little touches. The taste for today was a salmon sashimi. Not my cup of tea. The bread basket everyone raves about included Jalepeno bread, Cranberry bread and a dark Rosemary bread, all COLD and tasteless. It comes with pesto and butter, Pesto and Cranberry bread? OK, no big deal. Linda is extremely attentive but the star of this show is THE BUSMAN, who is about 50% waiter. He is superb and on point,. So husband orders the Elk Tenderloin and a Wedge salad. I ask Linda for her suggestion between the shrimp cocktail and the stuffed shrimp and she say go with the cocktail. I wish I hadn't, the cocktail sauce was so heavy with horseradish I couldn't use it so there's that. I followed with the Seafood Soup OMG! it was huge and PURE heaven! I wish I had just stopped there but hey it was my Birthday! I ordered the Filet and again asked Linda for her advise on temp because servers know how their chef's cook. Medium isn't medium everywhere. I told her just PINK throughout and she said medium. Cool. It came with my choice and I picked Au Gratin Potatoes. The small restaurant is filling up fast now and Linda where did you go? We never saw her again, well we did, she was in the room, just not at our booth. I have worked in the food industry and I think her  "station" (the tables they work) got changed and we were no longer in her station. Someone else brought out entrees, Husband loved his, mine, well it was RAREY RARE RARE. Should I have sent it back? Well, no one was there to send it to and Husband asked me not to so we could eat together. I ate my au gratin Potatoes and they were good! I took all but 2 bites of the Filet home with lots of potatoes. Again Thanks BUSMAN for packaging that up! Husband wanted dessert and coffee but no on came.....ever. A very loud drunk 4top was seated behind us and I was done. Husband considered it free entertainment. No Birthday dessert,  no coffee. He finally took out his AMEX and put it where it could be seen although we had No check.  The manager sees it and processes it and it's $100 and where are the little tiny sweets that are presented with the check...NOWHERE. Not a Happy Birthday Dinner for me, but this place has a lot going for it, I would suggest if you are celebrating a life moment, come on a weekday evening because Saturday night , even at 5pm didn't cut it. We left 15% because Damn That BUSMAN earned it.
5	Out the door....tax, title, and license we paid $54 for two meals.A 14 oz ribeye with two  sides (asparagus and scalloped potatoes), then an 8 oz filet topped with crab meat, sauce, two sides (garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus), and a Caesar salad. We also had a nice tea for just $1 (way better than McDonald's haha). We were given a complimentary bite of filet when we sat down, pepperoni bread, cheese bread, and bacon corn bread (I wasn't find of this though) and between courses, they gave us a tiny scoop if sorbet to cleans thy pallet! Best steak meal for an awesome price! Come check it out!
5	Wow thank you Yelp.Shrimp and crabmeat cocktail 5 YelpCalamari 4 YelpRibeye steak 5 YelpService 5 YelpBeef tenderloin sample, sorbet before entrees and pistachio crusted truffle dessert are complimentary.Great value.Better than most steakhouses and Vegas high end restaurants.
5	We actually stood up from the table and clapped for the chefs!  Literally the food is unbelievable and walking through the floor of the casino getting to it we didn't expect a 10th of the spectacular meal we had.  With hand cleaning clothes and palette cleaning sorbet this was complete class and a full dinner for three, including apps,steaks and dessert only came to $97.  I was floored and to applaud the chef again.  Don't let the smokey casino stop you from hitting this little hidden treasure. Honestly.
5	I was in town for the 2014 Arizona Ironman and was in need of a good steak. I didnt want to spend $30-40 on a steak at the restaurants around where I was staying and came across Cholla.Sat at the bar and had quick efficient service. There was  a smoker at the bar but i moved to the far end of the bar and didnt smell it.Spinach salad and the most awesome NY strip steak EVER! Seriously, this was worthy of a $30 price tag but these guys charge $21Well worth the trip!
5	On the outskirts of Scottsdale, in the Arizona Casino is Cholla, a small classic American steakhouse.Price vs value at Cholla is excellent. Never before have I had white tablecloth dining at a steakhouse, and paid less than $60 for 2 steak meals. For $22, the filet mignon is a super deal.  Santi and his serving assistant provided excellent service. If I lived in Phoenix I would try to make dining at Cholla a weekly occasion.
5	YESSS this place is awesome. I can't wait to go back. The prices here are super reasonable for what you get. Shrimp and crabmeat cocktail was good.. and so were the stuffed bacon wrapped chorizo dates.My ribeye steak was even better.I tried my boyfriend's scalloped potatoes they were creamy and delicious. Had I not been so naughty with food this past christmas season, I would have easily devoured the whole side of potatoes.. but too bad my conscious got the better of me this time.The complementary piece of fillet when we sat down was great, and so were the complementary bacon cornbread+bread basket. Cholla's also gave us a small scoop of the sorbet as a palate cleanser which was a nice touch. For the price this place is legit. Honestly, the food, the service can't be beat.
