1	I am only here to offer my experience with Dr. Grout's office so someone doesn't have to suffer the way I did.I found Arizona Center for Advanced Medicine after doing my own research online and trying to find a doctor who would be able to pinpoint why my health had suddenly started declining so rapidly at 21. I called their office and was given a fifteen minute phone consultation with Dr. Grout. When I asked her why I should see her, she simply responded, "Because I'm the best at what I do." She said that she was fully booked through the month but I should come in immediately and that her associate Dr. John Murphy was more than competent enough to work with me and that she would still oversee me care; disaster ensued!When we walked into Dr. Murphy's office (works with Dr. Grout), my family immediately became uneasy. He was very inept at communicating appropriately with patients but I reassured my family that it was merely because he was a bright man and not to look too much into his social abilities. Dr. Murphy ensured me that he would find my problem and get me better. He identified my illness as Leaky Gut (something alternative doctors love to diagnose) and gave me a few natural remedies that he said would fix my debilitating health issues within a month.The only thing is Dr. Murphy never really listened to me and failed to run necessary blood tests. Due to this, he missed a very serious illness that caused an adverse reaction to the meds he gave me that left me in the ER. Even worse was when I tried to contact Dr. Murphy he would reply back. I was literally left out to rot away with no help. When I finally did get ahold of him and explained to him that the drugs produced extreme abdominal pain, he got frustrated with me and told me that I shouldn't eat for the next week and should purchase the protein shake their office sells for more money and only consume that. I obliged and deteriorated even further in that time span. While all this was going on, Dr. Grout was nowhere to be seen.My family finally said enough, and begged me to see another doctor. I thought back to when Dr. Grout said her office was the best, but realized enough was enough and I needed to explore other options. I went to a different NMD who was very young and straight out of medical school, and within the first appointment was able to figure out the illness I had been suffering from. The amazing thing is that when I went home and looked up the illness I had just tested positive for, I found out that Dr. Grout's office specialized in diagnosis and treating that same exact illness; yet they never thought run the very simple blood test for me.I was beyond angry and upset, not only had I wasted thousands upon thousand of dollars with Arizona Center for Advanced Medicine trying to find out whats wrong with me, I had lost something even more valuable, TIME! I spent two months working with Dr. Murphy in which the disease I had progressed further and further, making it much more difficult to treat when I was finally diagnosed properly by another doctor.When I called Dr. Grout and told her my test results she did indeed admit that they missed it. Upon realizing how distraught I was, she mailed me a $500 refund for my first office visit to basically keep me from voicing my story. Even though that money is maybe a tenth of the full amount of money I spent in the two months they were overseeing my care.For the most part I did shut up and did not share my experience with anyone but now that Ive met other patients with similar experiences with her office its time to come out.  Grout's office nearly cost me my life, and money that I couldn't afford to waste. I went back and looked at her website and Dr. Murphy is no longer listen under employees so Im not sure whether he resigned or was let go by her, but he was without a doubt the worse medical doctor I had seen in my entire life.Alternative Medicine is effective, so please dont be detoured from exploring that avenue. But you may be better off at doing it at a different office. Maybe other people have had positive experiences with Arizona Center for Advanced Medicine, but the way my case was handled is inexcusable, and I know there are others with similar stories.
5	Dr. Grout has helped me tremendously over the past 7 years. I have terrible food allergies and allergies with pollens and molds as well. She has worked with me on many aspects of my health and improved it! There are very few doctors out there who are equipped to handle chronic conditions of any kind without massive amounts of synthetic drugs. Dr. Grout and her staff have allow me so many options to improve my health.
5	Dr. Grout and her staff has helped me so much through my healing process. When I became ill, I went to almost every allopathic doctor before I decided to go to a integrative doctor.  Finally Dr. Murphy, who previously worked at Arizona Center for Advanced Medicine, diagnosed me with Lyme Disease and treated me accordingly.  I am so grateful to the doctors and staff for supporting me through this treatment that has given me my life back.  Thank you again to Arizona Center for Advanced Medicine for all they continue to do for me and my family.
