4	We watched this building being built.  It's in an odd little triangle of land behind the Smith's shopping center on Eastern.  We went for lunch today.  Our first impressions were pretty favorable.  It's a large modern space with a truly huge three sided sushi bar and plenty of tables with tableclothes.  There are three large screen televisions playing ESPN and also techno music.  The music was entirely too loud and most of the patrons had to shout to be heard.  Although there is a menu, most people are here for the all you can eat sushi ($14.95 for lunch, $19.95 for dinner).  My husband felt a little ignored by the sushi chef, who was talking cars with another patron.  But the fish was very fresh.  The hamachi was outstanding and sweet.  There are a lot of hand rolls and long rolls, though most of them just have cryptic titles without any descriptions at all.  We had the very good Club Sushi Roll (diced tempura shrimp, diced cucumber, with spicy sauce).  The chef even made me a special roll with eel and cucumbers, even though he had nothing like it on the menu.  My husband's standard, Saba (Mackeral), was good.  Not the best or most inventive sushi I have ever had, but very solid.
5	The best poke I have ever had, in fact it is the first poke I had, and now I can't get the same thing anywhere else!! The all you can eat is definitely a good thing if you are hungry as most things are included and they will give you a card that is a frequent guest card. I really do recommend this place. There are so many new sushi places, but from a source that went to medical school in Reno where they have an outlet, I hear that 4 out of 5 almost doctors recommend it up there!!
2	Last weekend we decided to try this new sushi place called Sushi Club. The atmosphere seems nice, it's modern clean and decorated with several flat screens throughout the restaurant.They offer all you can eat sushi for only $19.95 which is a great deal if you compare other places like Sushimon or Wonder Sushi. However, after looking at the all you can eat offerings, you realize that there is only sushi, hand rolls and rolls in the available list. No appetizers, no desserts, no side dishes.  It would have been fine if the sushi were great, however, they were not. We practically ordered every sushi in the menu and most were not that great. In many of them, the rice was excessive and the fish was not that fresh. They had amaebi (sweet shrimp) in the menu, but when it arrived, it turned out to be normal cooked shrimp! There were about 4 sushi chefs there and I think only 1 was Asian, while there rest were "amigos'. Needless to say, we were disappointed. For $26, you could go to nearby Sushimon which offer much better selection and more items, including appetizers, desserts and side dishes. Or, if you really want good sushi, try Osaka located in the next shopping center.
4	The sushi is good. I looove the atmosphere. It is young and fun. Yes, there is amigos... but a wise man would know that sushi is not about that, but the dedication and love of the food. I eat here once a week. I do have to agree though that the appetizers or desserts are not included. But its good and they treat you well.
1	May, 2008.They are OUT OF BUSINESS! CLOSED! GONE! ZIP! NADA!.........................................NO MORE ULTIMATE TUNA ROLLS :-(I knew there was something fishy going on as my review from Feb 08 states below.It's a shame because it was great at one time.There is what seems to be 20 Sushi places on Eastern Ave.Anyone have a good lead?Today was maybe our 10th time to Sushi Club and we have always had a great lunch or dinner. Well today was different, infact I must say each time we go in there something is different. Food was edible, no complaints (although the rice content was excessive). Our Sushi guy (not sure of his name, but I think there is a roll named after him on the menu) was not very pleasant. Wasn't personable as they normally are and wasn't very attentive. In fact after our first order was served he disappeared into the back room for a unusually long time. No, he wasn't working on something else (we were the first customers in for dinner), but I finally had to ask the waitress to call him back out again. Talk about a attitude that will ruin your appetite! Well, my wife and I had a few more rolls and then asked for the check. Normally we are very good tippers, but we tipped less than half what we is usual for us. The mystery about the place is that the sushi chefs are 75% new everytime we go in there. The decorations on the walls change quite often and sometimes it seems like the place is under new management. Makes us wonder about what used to be the BEST Sushi in the Las Vegas area. I wish we could say we'll be back, but I swear we are going to peek in the window first to see who is working? If it's new faces again running the place, we'll go to Dominos pizza that is just next door!
1	CLOSED for over 2 years! Come on Yelp, delete this place already! Sheeesh!!
