4	Very nice coffee place where you can actually drink the coffee and enjoy the taste. No watered down coffee here. Scones are fresh and tasty and don't double as doorstops. Cozy atmosphere, kid friendly (but kids can be tucked in the back, ba ha ha!). Nice job overall. http://www.whatisbrewing.com/
4	Breakfast pizza, turkey club and espresso drinks at the right temperature.
4	Located in a little business strip behind Gus's Diner just off of Hwy 19, these folks rock!  Lots of options, lots of specials including kids eat free on certain days etc.  Definitely kid friendly, but not crazed like say Chuck E. Cheese.  The inside is comfortable, and I don't get that uppity "I'm trying wayyyy too hard to be cool," vibe from the clientele.  They also have a drive thru if you are feeling super lazy.  If you like coffee, teas, and other coffee shop type stuff without being pretentious, don't miss this place!
4	Seems weird to me that Yelp doesn't make this place more visible in searches! In any case, just went here for the first time today and it was very tasty. I didn't try the coffee but the wrap I had was delicious. Will definitely be back to try other wraps and soups! I was hoping for a little more food for the price, but overall reasonable and would recommend trying.
5	THANK GOODNESS I FOUND WHAT'S BREW'N!i have always loved spending time in locally owned coffee shops and always prefer giving them my business over other larger chains (although I enjoy them from time to time as wall). I've only ordered food there once, a HUGE, fresh salad that completely exceeded my expectations. The coffee drinks are always good and they have free wi-fi!My only complaint is their hours - they're only open until the early afternoon. If they were open later, I could see spending lovely evenings enjoying their atmosphere with a coffee!
4	A little off the beaten path What's Brew'n was a fun find for me and my husband the other day in our new neighborhood. We ordered our signature try-a-new-coffee-shop drinks...me a carmel vanilla latte and Chad a black and white. Both were good. I am always looking for a latte that is smooth and not too sweet. Chad is looking to taste the roast through the additions. We were both pleased. We also split a blueberry scone, it was muffin-y in texture. Although...on a return visit Chad was not as happy with his latte. Too sweet. The decor is comfortable. Plenty of seating. There is a cozy nook with a child's area inside as well. There are a few outdoor seating options as well. I would feel comfortable meeting a friend here for lunch with the kids. By the way, there are plenty of food options, I have not tried any yet, but my daughter can vouch for the ice cream. There are a lot of items for sale as well - jewelry, decor, etc... A tad over priced...
4	Had a cappuccino. Delicious. Had a sausage breakfast sandwich. Delicious. Great clean environment. Great clientele. Will definitely return.
4	I stopped by one day for a warm beverage (this has been the weirdest summer), not realizing that they close at 3pm during the week. I had half an hour so I knew I'd be fine, but you know how sometimes the staff is obviously peeved when people come in close to closing time? **Well, that did not happen. The lady at the counter was very cheerful and welcoming, and while I was ordering (they are three or four menu boards on the wall, I wanted to take a second and get the right thing) she was completely patient with me. I got a caramel steamer with soy and it was tasty as anything. I got a nice big mug that I drank fast. The two women working there were cleaning up, and one ran the vacuum briefly, but they didn't do any of it near me (and I wouldn't have minded if they had, since I'm sure they were almost done for the day). There are lots of little tchotchkes for sale; it's all very comfy. There are lots of tables inside and a couple of small tables outside for catching some rays while enjoying your java. Oh, there's a drive-through, too! Nice touch, I love having the option some days. ** I worked at a Pizza Hut in my youth and sent many an evil eye at people walking in five minutes before close, wanting to order food and eat it there.
