4	I'm a huge fan of their wine section.  They have a fantastic offering of wines from all over the world and at very reasonable prices. It's fun to walk down the isles and read about the different wines and learn about new ones from their knowledgeable staff.  I could walk out of that places with boxes and boxes of wine, but I try to control myself as to not look like a crazy alcoholic.Beyond their wine offerings, they've also got a lot of great and affordable housewares. I've gotten quite a few furniture pieces here, and they always look expensive and durable but cost well below your standard furniture prices. It's also a great place for finding food brands from other countries, small food distribution companies and regional and local brands. Finally, they have a small but growing jewelery and accessories area that showcases hand-made items from locals in other countries.It's a great place to shop for gifts and for finding distinctive items for your home and pantry.
3	I love the theme of this place with gourmet snacks, coffee, tea, condiments, beer, wine, glassware, etc.  Prices aren't bad either.  The thing that holds this place back is the location in a small parking lot adjacent to Old Navy, and they keep all of their beer at room temperature.  Since much of it is slow moving, that means it is at room temperature for a long time, which can easily result in bad beers.Customer service is usually good here for me.  I'll continue going, but only at off-peak times to avoid the annoying Old Navy people that fill the lot.
4	-Friendly, helpful staff...they seem like they enjoy working there.-Good prices on coffee $5.99 for the Breakfast Blend. Tasty coffee.-Lots of coffee, novelty candy, & wines. Also they have a 1/2 aisle of mini food items, and stuff to make a food gift basket.-Unique housewares stuff, small furniture pieces, bathroom decor things, etc...decent affordable prices.-Did I mention the friendly staff? They greeted me and thanked me...very helpful too. This kind of good retail service is becoming a rarity these days.-Convenient parking...a few shops over from Old Navy.
3	So I come here for their weird selection of internationalgourmet foods. If you're a chocoholic and you want somethingother than Hershey's or Nestle than this is a place you mightwant to check out. All sorts of chocolates from all over theworld with weird stuff mixed in. They should do chocolatetastings the way some stores do wine and beer tastings. Theyalso have candies from all over the world. A section of Koreanand Japanese candies. A section of Hawaiian snacks. Australiancandies and snacks - from Violet Crumble to Vegemite. A prettydecent selection of wines, beers and sodas. They also have a furniture and a bath section reminiscent of Bed, Bath and Beyond.Not really a place for regular grocery shopping but more for novelty snack items. Plenty of parking as it's in a big mall.If you shop there with any frequency, they have the World MarketExplorer program with savings, free coffee, and all sorts of otherperks as long as you give them all your personal info so theycan spam you and crank call you and ding dong ditch you on yourbirthday.
4	My wife and I have been shopping from the time they opened several years ago. I don't remember when that was but quite a few years ago. We have been fortunate to be able to travel and it is nice to have a place you can go and get some of the things you got while traveling. They have a good chocolate section where you can get chocolate from different countries. This can be seasonal and not always available. I don't drink much wine or beer but the selection seems to be good. The people that work there are quite knowledgable about what they have and if they are out or don't carry have been helpful in helping us find the product we were looking for. My experience has a been when I was looking for something and ask they just drop what they are doing and away they go with you helping you find what you need. If you have not been? There are several in the Phoenix area. I always come here because I get good service,
4	I amaze to all home accessories here at Cost Plus World Market. I always came here every time I need to add cool arts and design to our home to my own boutique.
