5	I had an appointment here last week.  I find it hard to find good doctors in las vegas but,  Dr. H.L. Greenberg was an exception.  First let me tell you about my first experience with a dermatologist in Vegas.  Long wait to see the Dr.  When the assistant came in to ask me why I was there she told me I was limited to 2 issues that I could address the Dr. with.  What? Then the unfriendly Dr. came in, made me feel totally uncomfortable, rushed and made me feel like he wanted to get outta there as fast as possible.  Then he made me schedule another appointment to come back and get the procedure done.  Never went back there.  It was the complete opposite at Dr. Greenberg's office, I told his assistant why I was there as she put the info in the computer.  When he came in the room, he was very nice and made me feel very comfortable.  He asked me a few times if I had any questions or any other issues that I wanted to discuss with him!  What a difference!  I never felt rushed.  He didn't make me schedule another appointment and addressed my issues right then and there.  He is definitely my new dermatologist and I would recommend him to any of my friends!
4	Dr. Greenberg is very helpful and knows his stuff. The staff are always friendly and the prices are very reasonable if you are cash pay. Definitely would recommend this dermatologist. They have a lot of products and services. Great location. And scheduling is usually really flexible.
5	H.L. And the staff here at las vegas dermatology are so nice. It is never fun having a procedure done but they make you feel comfortable and at home. It's also a great feeling to leave knowing that your skin is looking that much better, what ever your issue.
5	Dr. Greenberg spent all of a few minutes putting a laser to some age spots on my face. There was practically nothing uncomfortable about it and now my paranoia about looking my age (old) has practically disappeared.  I recommend the procedure and the Dr. I had it done while on a business trip in Las Vegas so when I returned home, my face looked perfectly natural.
5	Dr. Greenberg is attentive, caring and listened to all of my concerns. He made me feel comfortable before my laser procedure and calmed my nerves. I recommend him to all of my friends and family. Your the best Doc!
5	After going through 7 dermatologists, all of which had less than acceptable bedside manner and failed to treat me properly, Dr. Greenberg was a rare find!! He is patient, kind, and caring. Doc Greenberg actually follows up with my medicine regiment and makes sure all is well with my treatment. I have been seeing him for 2 years, and even if I relocated he would still be my dermatologist.Note: the office is a bit of a walk to get to from the parking garage, plan extra time for yourself so you aren't late to your appointment.
1	Stay Away! The staff members are completely stupid and oblivious to their actions, I never was able to see the doctor and had to cancel my appointment. Waste of my time!
5	Dr. Greenberg is a GEM in the Las Vegas medical community! His practice is the premier dermotology clinic in Summerlin.Being in the modeling industry, I need a top notch dermotologist who really knows his craft. Dr. Greenberg and his staff at Las Vegas Dermatology are competent, caring and truly give 110% to their patients.I have referred many friends to Dr. Greenberg and he has treated each and every one with the same level of care and concern he does for me. For example, one of my close girl friends had a very painful cyst under her skin and Dr. Greenberg met us at his practice on a Saturday afternoon (his day off) to assist her. He took care of the problem, prescribed her antibiotics and her face was immediately feeling better.I highly recommend Dr. Greenberg to anyone who has dermatology and/or non-surgical cosmetic needs.
2	I have to agree with the other reviewer that didn't give Dr. Greenberg high marks -- I felt very much rushed through the appt as well. I made an appt for a full body check and wasn't given a gown to change into, and when the doctor came in, he asked me to point out where my moles were... that's why I'm here for a full body check, I can't see all of them!? I felt as though I had inconvenienced him, when I asked him to look at two moles that were on my scalp and couldn't immediately locate them (again, I'm directing him where to find the moles to check) he went back to his notes until I was ready. I'd hate for him to have looked at my entire scalp, in case there was a mole I couldn't see... crazy thought. I call them, the "one hand on the door handle" type doctors --he handed me printouts to review, very little direction given and I felt like he heard half of my concerns, prescribed something and wanted to move on. Disappointed since he had such great reviews from others and was highly rated for his terrific bedside manner -- not something I witnessed.
5	I finally decided to try laser hair removal after suffering with being unable to shave more than twice monthly. After 6 sessions on my lower legs and underarms, I have very few hairs, enough that I usually don't worry if I can't shave. I can see why most places say you need 8-10 sessions to be completely hair free, but the touch up rate is very affordable. It was worth every penny, I wish I had been able to get laser hair removal sooner. It's made it so I can go to the gym whenever I want, and not have to worry about shaving before deciding on an outfit. It doesn't sound like much, but for someone for whom shaving has cost a lot of heartbreak (I was waxing and epilating, but that was so tedious and expensive), its made a world of a difference.
4	The doctor was nice, but didn't seem to spend quite enough time with me and fully explain everything. He basically told me to follow some instructions on the paper he gave me and then brings in some other lady who he says is going to give me a few pointers, but really she was there to sell me some packages and products in the other room for 15 min and then takes me to check out. They were however very helpful in helping me to get my prescriptions (that my insurance won't cover) by giving me some savings cards and a mail order form that made 2 of them only about $20 each.
5	Dr. Greenberg & his team are miracle workers!  Imagine a 69 year old face with no wrinkles, eyelid skin that does not droop or move when you apply eye make-up and lips that disappeared years ago making a restrained comeback!!  All this happens in a friendly and very professional atmosphere.  They know what they are doing-that is for sure!
5	One of the best dermetologist in town! The staff are super friendly and they always make you feel soo welcome from the moment you walk in to the moment you walk out. Dr. Greenberg is very good at what he does and you can definitely tell he's passionate for his work. If you are looking for a dermatologist in town, I "hands down" recommend him for sure!
1	Waste of time and money!  Saw dr. Greenberg beginning of February 2013 gave me a clear thumbs up. Never did he ask me if I was having issues.  He had me lift my shirt up and my pant leg up and that was it, he was more concerned about the 3 little spider veins I had quoting me $742.00.  Well never the less at the end of February I was diagnosed with skin cancer.  Now my journey begins no thanks to this uncaring and only for money doctor.  I will never recommend this doctor or practice to anyone,oh yeah and by the way they were charging me $72.00 for office visit in which I already thought  I paid.  Do I argue with these people and put my health in more jeopardy? NOT, now my daughter who is autistic has some type lump on her leg do I take her to see Dr. Greenberg who is 2 mins away from my house?  NO!!!!!!! I will take her all the way to Utah before I step into this no for good doctor.  Maybe my last name has something to do with the lack of treatment I received, who knows what makes some doctors care and some who obviously don't and only care about the money and that is my opinion on this practice.  He is not the only doctor that I have found to be very uncaring and money oriented.  GEM he is not.  Now all this trouble has cost me thousands and thousands of dollars no thanks to DR. GREENBERG and a very well known gynecologist.  Good luck to all of you who put trust and your life in this doctors hands.
2	I'm not really sure about my experience here. It has been a long time since I have been to a dermatologist. I was in and out so fast that I'm not sure if it was a good thing or what the heck just happened??!!  lol...The receptionist (I think her name was Kate...maybe not) was efficient, personable, and funny. I didn't wait long before I was in with the doctor. I felt a bit rushed with minimal explanations from the doctor. I'm ok with that, but not sure that I'm anymore knowledgeable about my question after my visit than before. Nor did it seem as if he cared...Think I'll try somewhere else next time.
2	My visit felt very rushed.  I saw the Dr. for a total of 5 minutes before another woman (esthetician, perhaps?) led me to another room where she told me my current skin regimen wasn't working for me (which was surprising to me, I thought my skin regimen was fine, I wasn't breaking out or anything... my visit was for something totally unrelated) and tried to sell me some really expensive face wash and other skin products.  One of the questions on the paperwork  you fill out in the beginning asks you if you want to see the esthetician after the visit with the Dr. and I clearly checked the "no" box.  Overall, I waited about 5 minutes before seeing the doctor, which was a good thing.  Front desk was friendly and helpful.  What I didn't like was that the visit felt rushed, it  almost felt like he had better things to do.  It's all good though.
5	I really like that this dermatology office is more of a clinical setting, but also offers the kinds of services you'd find at a medical spa, like Botox, facials, and laser hair removal.I went here after receiving a referral from a colleague and saw that they were located at Summerlin Hospital.  I checked, and they accepted my insurance, so I decided to finally go in for a skin check (when I say that I freckle, I can't express exactly what that means...I'm covered in spots!).Dr. Greenberg immediately put me at ease and held a conversation with me during the entire skin check, which took my mind off of it a bit (I was anxious about it - with all my moles and freckles, I was certain something was going to look suspicious).  Even though I hadn't scheduled my appointment to discuss my eczema, he took a look at that too and prescribed something for it right away and even sent me home with a few sample tubes of it so I could start before getting to the pharmacy.He also gave me a full sized facial cleanser as a "sample."  I posted my photo of it weeks ago.  I thought it was rather generous of him.Good news:  No skin cancer or moles that I should be concerned with, but he gently reminded me that freckles are skin damage and that I need to be more careful about my sun exposure to stay healthy.  Doctors usually yell at me and lecture me; his approach was different, so I appreciated it.I highly recommend this practice.
5	Another 5 star!  Went in for their BOGO bring a friend facial special.  Felt amazing! Melanie was wonderful and very friendly, made me comfortable immediately. Took great care with the products to ensure I wasn't exposed to any allergens.  I also got the Visia skincare analysis...get it...you will see what lies beneath...Sun damage, wrinkles...find out what you don't see on the surface!  She also recommended new products for me to try as I've been struggling with how my skin has changed (aging sucks).Looking forward to going back for a microderm and chemical peel! Thanks, Melanie!
5	Great staff, fast service, and honest to the point consultation. Looking forward to my next one.  Thanks guys!
5	It was my first visit to Las Vegas Dermatology.  The girls at the front desk were great and very helpful.  The Doctor was spot on.  A great visit.  I would highly recommend the Las Vegas Dermatology.Mike
2	Before I visited this place, I read the reviews and they're very accurate. Lots of reviews have complained that their consultation was rushed and that;s what I've experienced.I guess the Dr. met lots of potential patients who didn't follow up with a treatment that's why he rushed the consultation sessions. Count me among those patients who'll not follow up with a treatment at the practice and the reason is that the Dr. didn't explain thoroughly how and why the suggested treatment is suited to my condition. He also didn't seem knowledgeable about my condition and proposed several different treatments and that indicated to me that I will be another lab rat for costly experiments.Perhaps if the Dr. takes his time to explain why and how the treatments will fit patients' conditions, they'' follow up with a treatment.
5	I've been a patient of Dr. Greenberg for over 9 years at multiple locations and have never had a better dermatologist in my life. I've been dealing with skin issues since I was a teenager and seen probably 10 different doctors in my life but none as thorough as he is. The medicines he has prescribed have worked better than any other I have tried. Also the new office is amazing! The staff has been helpful when I've needed to change appointments or even for stupid questions they take the time to answer or get the answer from the doctor. I'd give this place six stars if I could!
1	I had been to the office before and everything was ok.  This morning I called back to see if I could get an appointment and the girl on the phone was so rude!  She never asked why I needed an appointment and wouldn't really wouldn't even let me explain why I needed an appointment soon.  Forget this place I don't do rude people who don't care about my business.  I will also make sure I tell everyone I know not to use this place.
5	Dr. Greenberg and the entire staff at Las Vegas Dermatology are AMAZING. The receptionist was very friendly, personable and professional. The nursing staff was thorough and friendly. I really like Dr. Greenberg's style and attention to detail. Even though the issue I was seen for ended up being non-critical, Dr. Greenberg did not diminish the importance of my visit and offered me clear, concise solutions.Thanks to the entire staff for an amazing first visit. I wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	My husband had years and years of acne problem. Some said it's because of his diet, some said it's because of his work environment. Well, we finally visited LV dermatologist, and the Dr. Prescribed four medications for him. My husband became acne-free immediately without changing any of his habits, and I am just so happy to see him being happy with his own skin. Two receptionist ladies are professional, yet super friendly. Dr. took his time for consultations, which was more than informative. (He looks like a rock star, probably the coolest Dr. I've ever encountered). I do not recall anyone being "pushy" or "persuasive". The office is located at the corner of the fourth floor @ summerlin hospital: very clean, quiet, and cozy. Don't forget to enjoy the view, it's spectacular. I would recommend this place to anyone, as a matter of fact, I am scheduling MY appointment soon. Ask about Friday Special, hint hint :)
5	I've been here about 3 times this year already and they're always so friendly, efficient, knowledgable and work in a clean, modern office space. I actually found them through another doctor's recommendation, but I would definitely recommend Dr Greenberg!
