4	What it lacks in hipness and personality,  it makes up for with kick ass coffee. Never been disappointed here.
5	Whenever I'm in Madison I have to stop in to pick up some of the coffee here.  Were it socially acceptable, I'd probably grind up the beans and mainline them.  The beans are roasted to such as state of perfection that they're actually fun just to look at.  Great stuff.
5	Hands down the best coffee and espresso drinks I've ever had in my life.  These roasters really know what they're doing!  The steamed milk is done soooooo well.  It's the perfect consistency.  My favorite: the miel (a latte or cappuccino with cinnamon and honey mixed in with the espresso).And while this coffee shop's atmosphere doesn't have the warmest personality, it is nice on the inside.  Plus there's a fireplace and a few big comfy chairs!As a side note, I used to work here when I lived in Madison, and after I moved away, I really realized that the coffee here is something special.
4	Ancora should really be considered an excellent cup of coffee on a national scale. Their training program there is impeccable and they even change the settings on the espresso machine depending upon who is working to adjust for the density of the tamp.It's so good to see a place that just executes everything so perfectly and doesn't try to go nuts "creating an experience" or becoming a lifestyle destination or some such baloney.Excellent coffee, friendly service and a very knowledgeable staff that can teach committed coffee geeks a thing or two.I recommend espresso, latte, iced americano, drip coffee, you know coffee drinks.
5	Ancora made me a coffee snob!!!I didn't know a damn thing about beans before working here in college, and really I still don't, but what I DO know is that these folks have put together a pretty kick ass Roasterie in the middle of Wisconsin and are educating folks about proper coffee.  I compare every latte I sip to that of an Ancora cup.  Even though there are the occasional retail snafus, this place is the shit!  The regulars are the shit, the coffee is the shit, the baristas are the shit.  I can't say enough about it.  Maybe 'cause they used to pay me?  Anywho... if you ever find your self roaming Monroe Street, stop in and have one for me.
3	Ancora's coffee is great - perhaps it's the best in Madison. But, if you want some munchies with your coffee, you're so out of luck. As far as I know, the pastry or whatever they have in the glass case sucks. This seems to be a on-going problem in Madison. I'm yet to discover a nice coffee shop with good selection of pastries.
5	Had an incredible latte here on a cold Madison visit. Really nice people and a fire with cozy chairs. And at 5am the airport outpost was open on my way out of town!
