3	I took my friend out to lunch at Hooters of South Charlotte since he's never stepped foot inside any Hooters. It's sort of like that classic Madonna song: "Like A Virgin, touched for the very first time" This was his very first time being exposed to Hooters.I've been to Hooters many times when there were several locations throughout Upstate NY and Northern New England (mid 1990s to mid 2000s). This is where I chilled out with my old buddies and we really enjoyed the great tasting wings and things and the crazy hula hoop dances on our birthdays.Fast forward to 2010! We arrived at Hooters of South Charlotte around high noon on a Friday and the parking lot around the restaurant was almost full, pretty busy. This Hooters has an open and loud sports bar atmosphere with several TVs and plenty of sports/beer related decorations throughout the place. Free wi-fi is offered here. We were seated immediately and my friend could hardly contain his excitement of being inside a Hooters for the first time. For myself, this was merely a reunion with Hooters since all 3 NH locations near my home closed down a few years ago.Our attractive and friendly waitress promptly arrived at our table to take our drink orders, 2 big Diet Pepsis ($2.49 each) and she suggested we try the Fried Pickles ($4.99), which I said,"Sure thing!" The Fried Pickles did not disappoint and tasted pretty good, which were very thin sliced dill pickle chips coated in a crispy breading (not greasy) and served with a creamy and spicy dip. For lunch, my friend had the Hooters Cobb Salad ($8.99), which was a good sized, "more than a mouthful" salad with a mixture of chopped lettuce, bacon, cheese, eggs, tomatoes, fried chicken pieces and dressing cups on the side. I had the 10 Piece Boneless Wings ($7.99) - Samurai (Teriyaki Style), which had a pretty good sweet taste, but were very small chicken nuggets (thick breading) for the price. I was already full from munching down the fried pickles.The service was very friendly and attentive. The food arrived within 15 minutes and we were given refills on the Diet Pepsi. Overall, we had a pretty decent lunch with a great view. After lunch, I did offer to buy my friend a black Hooters South Charlotte tee as a souvenir, but this location did not have his shirt size Large (L) in stock. There were plenty of XL and 3XL sizes in stock for the big guys.
2	The great thing about my visit was the VERY cold beer.  The food was alright.  If I am going to splurge on wings, I have better options around here.
3	We were starving and it was near where we were so decided to stop.  Food was okay but people don't really go to Hooters for the money.  I had the Pulled Pork BBQ sandwich.  I wish it had been on a regular bun rather than the ciabatta bun it was on.  We enjoyed playing the Buzztime Trivia game they had on and our server did a good job even in training so overall, not too bad.
4	Its HOOTERS... what's not to like bout HOOTERS!!!!!!FRIDAYS..... BUY 10 get 10 free.Bar prices are a lil North, but none the less.. its all good with me.
4	I've been working at Carolina Pavilion these past couple weeks & I've been eating my dinners at Hooters. It has a couple advantages over the collection of fast food restaurants at this mall. First are the very attractive waitresses, second is that its a sit down restaurant. Its the only sit down restaurant left after Rafferty's shut down.I've been to Hooters numerous times for car club events and the like but I've never had an opportunity to eat there multiple nights. Over the years I've tried most of their food & discovered that 99% of it is average at best. I do like the Buffalo Shrimp with their 911 sauce.But I digress... Last week I sampled their burgers. I can only really compare them to Red Robin and there is no comparison. Red Robin cleans their clock. I know for sure that I'll never eat another Hooters burger again. I tried the fish & chips Monday night. I ordered it & the damn company phone rang. Grr... Why is it that supervisors always show up & want to yack at the worst possible times? Anyhow I had to run out on my meal. I asked the bartender to tell my waitress Erika that I would be right back. Unfortunately for me I managed to return half an hour later. Much to my surprise Erika had asked the kitchen to re-fire my meal. I tipped her extremely well. Her act of kindness is the only reason that Hooters got a fourth star. The waitresses go above & beyond for customers & that's what I appreciate.
2	I really don't know why I keep going back here. The service was pretty bad this time around and the food was worse. I ordered steak quesadillas and they were filled with steakum! Wtf? THe only thing that Hooters can make edible is their Buffalo Shrimp. Carolina Pavilion desperately needs another sit down restaurant.
2	My husband and I ate here for lunch while my car was being serviced at the Volkswagen dealer across the street. It was 11:30am, prime lunchtime, and it took forever to get our food. There was only 3 other tables in the entire place and it took over 30 minutes for our 2 sandwiches to make it to our table. The waitress never checked on us or apologized. Once the food came it was underwhelming to say the least. The curly fries were the best thing on my plate. The chicken was dry and the bun was way to large for the chicken that was on it. Next time I get my car serviced I'll visit the Chick-Fil-A instead.
3	It has been a while since I last stepped into a Hooters or even this location.  It was kind of dead on a Thursday evening, but I have never actually seen this location really busy in the past either.  Anyway, the menu has changed since last time and they offer more selections than before, a good change.  There is now 15 wing sauces to choose from and a wider selection of burger types, salads, and side dishes (like onion rings).I ordered 20 boneless wings in hot sauce with fries.  The boneless wings were larger than expected, crispy and moist.  The fries, on the other-hand, were okay but needed to be cooked more, half were still soft.  My dad, and the reason we went there, ordered regular wings with no sauce and fries.  His wings are much larger than what they served in years past and were also very good; he didn't eat his fries though because they were not cooked enough (which he did request to be crispy).Overall, it was a good experience, a definite improvement from past experiences.  However, the prices are still higher than most typical wing places, and there are several good choices nearby that can beat Hooters in both taste and price.
5	Had lunch on 6/17. Excellent service.  Renee, the Hooters girl serving me was courteous, friendly, and very attentive. The wings were excellent and fresh. Very happy with my visit. It was my birthday and the entire Hooters staff gathered around me and sang a catchy Hooters happy birthday song.  It was pretty cool.
5	You will be hard pressed to find a better burger.  The menu has changed recently, I recommend over other similar sports bars.  ThIs location and the rock hill location really care that you get good food and service. You will get a hand pressed half pound burger here, not a frozen thin excuse for a burger that other places give you.  If you don't like what you get tell them, they will make it good, just be nice and honest with them.  They do listen to the customers!  I am not alone there are many regulars I see each time I visit.
4	Hello friends, (Updated review)I've been to other Hooters, but while there I always compare them to this location. While they all are suppose to be the same. Ehhhhh, well maybe. But this is my favorite. The ladies are nice, pretty, and cheerful (considering all the guys that must come in trying to run lame game). I always sit at the bar to the right coming in. When I come with the wife we sit at the bar, booths, or tables. When not sitting at the bar I find at times they are a little tardy at taking your order. As for the food, I've never had any complaints. LEMON PEPPER is my favorite. Naked = Not breaded. I've had their oysters, salads, wings,  fries (curly, which are my favorite), shrimp. Never trusted them with burgers. But some reviews swear by them.  They have a lot of specials, and a updated lunch menu. They run buy 10,get 10 sometimes. All the PPV fights, MMA etc., are at no cover. Can't beat that. Go Enjoy,TTFN
3	The red head bartender Kelli was great!  The kitchen WOW they took forever.  Was end of lunch time and Mexico FIFA soccer game was on but don't see why so long. Will come back though!Hooters makes you happy!
1	Sorry folks the service here in my experience has been just awful.  Sounds like others have had other better experiences but from going here about 5 times I can see it's not an isolated incident.  Bottomline- if you come in with a big group they'll give you the attention you deserve but if you come in solo or just with one other person you'll be disappointed.  Latest experience was coming in on a day they were doing a big nationwide promotion.  I had to actually educate on server that the promotion was going on.  Wings took over a half hour.  Kitchen looked short staffed- which hey it happens, people call out etc.  But the waitress must have passed our table at least a dozen times but no acknowledgement that we existed, asking if we wanted more drinks, update on when our food was coming out etc.  Sure you're busy with other tables but you still have to give everyone you're serving the time of day.  I know the Hooters brand prides itself on having its waitresses provide a certain kind of experience.  I could care less about that and would settle for meeting the basic standards for hospitality.Never had any complaints about the food.  Hooters still does a good wing.  Wish all my tips could go straight to the hard working people in the kitchen.  They're the real superstars of this place.My advice if you're thinking of going here for football seasons- get your order to go!  With the money you'll save on beer and tips you can spring for the Sunday ticket on your own.
