4	Really tasty, really large bagels. Stopped in for lunch with two other people. We each got a cup of soup and a bagel. The spicy tomato soup did have nice heat and the egg bagel was rich and chewy, just like I hoped. While there is seating, it's not especially welcoming, save for two upholstered chairs. I'd stick to takeout.
2	i wanted so desperately to find a nearby deli that could finally satisfy my need for delicious pastrami and corned beef. alas, i am still on the hunt.  the williamsburg looked like the perfect first meal, and with a shortage of rye bread, we had an inauspicious start.  perhaps it wasnt wise to eat lunch after 1pm, but the deli was still technically open for two more hours, so i dont think it was unreasonable to want an authentic sammich. fine, put it on white.unwrapping my sodden pastrami, i could already tell i wouldnt finish it. greasy and fatty pastrami is not delicious, no matter what anyone says--tossed in is some undersalted coleslaw and half of a kosher pickle. overall, i might try it again earlier in the day (and then, just to try the bagels) but otherwise, fuggedabouit.
4	I've lived on the West Coast for many dozen years and love it. There are a few things, though, that Easterners always complain about. The lack of decent bagels and the horrors that are passed off as pizza.Having moved to Madison I was, therefore, optimistic about the chances of finding a decent bagel. And I have. More than decent. I tried Bagels Forever (OK) but these are real big, chewy NY bagels Yay!!!!Now where can I find a decent Boston-style anchovy pizza??
5	Best bagels in Madison by a long shot.  While their price per bagel is reasonable, having one with cream cheese can ratchet up the price somewhat.  You gotta try their oven roasted turkey...you can buy it by the pound (as well as their cream cheese flavors) and assemble at home.
3	I really wish I could get good bagels in this town but really I feel like Einstein continues to be best for the price. Bagels forever is ok too. I live right around the corner from here and as a bagel addict I thought I had hit the jackpot but no dice. Rather, these bagels are a little too dense for me so they're chewy but don't have the right fluff. Also, this makes toasting them result it a stone-like circular object. They are decently seasoned. Where it goes downhill is the price/lox cream cheese. Their lox cream cheese is basically this pinkish brown tasteless muck. It adds nothing which is sad because I love lox cream cheese when I don't feel like shelling out a ton of money for the real deal. So my favorite bagel in the world (Poppyseed with lox spread, onions, and capers) does not hit the spot at all. Instead, I find myself having trouble finishing it. None of the other things I have tried have been better than a 3 and they're all at least 9 dollars. The salads look good but I have yet to try them because I only go when I have a bagel craving. I also had this meat and barley soup one time and it was the fattiest soup I have ever had in my life. Blech.I'm going to go again and hope for the best by just ordering plain cream cheese and maybe something in the glass showcase but it pisses me off I can't even go to a bagel place and be satisfied with what I would actually want. Also, I realize bagel chips are a good way to deal with old bagels but who the hell gives bagel chips as a side with a bagel??
5	Absolute best bagel place in Madison. My favorite is the eggplant Parmesan special. Just heavenly. Other favorite are the lox and bagel and the long guy land. Bagel chips are a plus!! Miss this when I think back to living in Madison
4	I'm pretty sure Gotham Bagels is the best bagel cafe in the area. Their signature bagel sandwiches are mouthwatering. I only wished they had more options. I love the Spanish Harlem with the pork shoulder. Absolutely delicious. Their bagels are always fresh and the meats they have available are great for building your own bagel. What's clutch at Gotham Bagels is the variety of spreads they offer. If you're not in the mood for meat bagels, spreads are always a great alternative. Ordering in bulk is also pretty reasonably priced here. Beware. There is this one girl (I'm not sure if she still works there) that always seems to be sassy and cranky...
4	As one of those annoying "New York transplants" who somehow ended up far, far from my ancestral homeland, I always find myself nursing a serious jones for two things more than anything else: a halfway-f*ckn' decent slice of pizza (for the love of God, how hard is it!?), and bagels. Luckily, Gotham Bagels was there to satiate my every bagel craving. The bagels are pretty legit. The signature sandwiches are excellent and thoughtfully prepared; I recommend the salmon-centered "Brighton Beach," although the pastrami is excellent as well. Great coffee as well. The owner is a native New Yorker and a colorful, charismatic guy who's always joking around with the customers. Great place; definitely a staple of my Madtown experience, and a place I'll return to when I'm in town.
3	Gotham bagels, in my opinion, has some of the best bagels in Madison. However, they are pricey, to the point that I think they are overpriced for what it is...a BAGEL. Their breakfast sandwiches are really good. I have never tried their cream cheese because I'm not a fan, so I can' t comment on that. I always call ahead because it can take longer than I am willing to wait if you just walk in and order.
