4	Edinburgh and its cobbled streets! My heel on one of my favourite pairs of boots was about to go, and all my local shoe repair shops didn't seem to have the right equipment to fix it ( I had no idea a simple heal repair could be so hard). Eventually, one shop pointed me to Timpsons. This shop saved me! Next day it was fixed and good as new and at a great price too! However, their key cutting is somewhat questionable, as my flatmates new keys from this shop broke only 3 weeks afterwards. So, as far as show repair is concerned, I would most definitely head to this shop, the guy is friendly and chatty and my shoe is still intact.
3	At the arse end of a heavy night I somehow managed to lose my flat key and was eager to replace it. Taking my flatmates key to Timpson in order to provide a template I was quickly handed a shiny new one in an instant. The quick service and reliable craftsmanship were pretty impressive and my worries were put at ease straight away.Good old Timpson.
4	I always like this place - the old guy who works here reminds me a lot of the old cobbler who used to work in my village when I was young.Memories aside - this Timpsons is pretty good, more than once I have been in here, for a variety of things - keys cutting, watch batteries replaces, getting gift engraved. All of which were undertaken and completed without any bother, and of course it was all reasonably priced. Reliable, fast and friendly.
5	Timpsons is perfect for the following things;-Need you keys cut? Bingo.-Been too hard on your shoes and they need some TLC? You can get your brogues re-heeled here too.-Are you wandering round in circles because you can't remember what house is yours? You can buy house numbers at Timpsons.-Have no idea what time it is? Time to get your watch fixed!Timpons seems to be a bit of a Jack of all trades, heck, they even sell letter boxes for all your fan mail.
5	Losing one's keys is the type of rage-inducing experince that would make even a monk want to "do a Raoul". A few minutes will be spent frantically padding every pocket, nook and cranny upon your person, muttering "they must be somewhere" in gradually more desperate tones, then you'll hold the buzzer down for five minutes solid before shouting up at the window to your flatmate who quite obviously isn't in. Then realisation kicks in, along with the loud, exasperated, and consant swearing. Then comes the kicking of the door, before a series of increasingly bizarre attempts to find a way in, usually involving picking locks with a twig, or risking paralysis by scrabbling 4 stories up a piss-leaking drainpipe.It always ends up the same way, crumpled up uncomfortably on a friend or relative's couch in a foul mood that comprises equal parts rage and self-loathing, and a trip to Timpson's the next day. Not the most glamourous of stores, but definitely the most useful.
5	This is basically just a Timpson's shop, with all the usual services but I'm writing this review purely on the basis that Graham the branch manager here is absolutely great! I've been here a couple of times to get shoes re-heeled and maybe it's the fact that it is quite a traditional trade but you sort of feel like you're getting the kind of service your grandparents bemoan the lack of on this day and age.He always gives you some good chat and clearly has good relationship with all his customers and staff and when you're in there everyones in on the joke!
4	I used to quite like my pointy black leather shoes I bought to attend a wedding a couple of years back, but since I've been trudging to work in them every day, the honeymoon has certainly ended. I'm starting to realise that they make me look a bit like a smarmy double glazing salesman, and to be honest they're not all that comfortable.I only noticed the other week that excessive wear had actually worn a hole right through the bottom, exposing my stinking socks to the ground. When it was torrential rain recently, the utter misery I experienced trudging home as pools of filthy, freezing, sweat-infused water formed in the bottom of my brogues can't really be overestimated.Given shopping, especially shoe shopping, is a stressful, frustrating and unrewarding experience, I opted for the less glamorous route of getting Timpson to work their magic on the stricken footwear. I can now walk home without the fear of Somme-style trenchfoot, but 25 bangers was a bit on the expensive side,
