4	When my wife and I were looking for engagement & wedding rings, we went to quite a few jewelry stores. When looking online, my wife had found the rings that she liked and Kay happened to have the ones she liked in stock.We went to a few locations and finally pulled the trigger at this store primarily because of the staff. Talk about friendly and helpful. It was a slow morning, but the two women working (Cathy & Erika) teamed up to make the process smooth and relaxing. They weren't pushy and didn't try to upsell us. We told them what we wanted and they simply helped us get fitted and were friendly to talk to. The entire process was incredibly easy and made the idea of spending so much money seem less stressful. Ha.Since our initial purchase, we've gone back to this location for bi-annual cleanings/inspections, and the staff working, while usually not the same as our initial ladies, were equally pleasant to deal with. The one downside of this location - and maybe this applies to all Kay locations - is that any repairs will be sent out, and it always takes about two weeks to get anything back. If you have a loose stone, be prepared to wait while they send it out, have it tightened, and then sent back. It's not a bad process, really, but I know my wife absolutely hates not having her ring for two weeks...which mean I also hate waiting two weeks! On the plus side, they're good at making sure your ring(s) stays in great shape and their inspection - performed in-house - takes only a few minutes.Overall, if Kay has the ring(s) you want, I'd definitely recommend this location!
1	My fiance and I were looking for a wedding band and visited the Tangier Outlet store. The manager Nataliya C. was so helpful, informative, and patient.  With only 4 weeks left until our wedding, we needed a ring asap so we decided to go to the closest Kay's at Southside Works. There we were greeted and waited on by the worst "sales" associate I have ever encountered in my life. His name is Ben and if you visit this KJ location and have the unfortunate luck of having him as your "help" please do yourself a favor and ask for another sales associate. He lacked knowledge of products (he couldnt answer simple questions about the durability of the different ring materials, and referred to the color of one as "a metal color"), he called us by the wrong name 3 times, he tried to sell us a credit card before we even picked out a ring to buy!. He was completely unprofessional and a terrible sales person. He has to be related to the owner or manager because there is no way Kay's would pay for the expensive Southside Works storefront and then put a retard in there to sell their products.I was offended by his stupidity and the fact that he was clearly just looking to make a sale. We would have walked right out of there if we weren't getting married in 4 weeks, but we were desperate so we did make a purchase. Note to Kays: train your employees before you let them out on the floor by themselves to make a complete mockery of your store.Note to Ben: You are the Worst. You are retarded. You should probably find another career.
1	Every kiss may begin with K, but at this shop, every interaction begins with attitude.  I went to Kay, because of their brand, however, quickly fled the scene.  I informed the red headed sales person that I needed a chain fixed and wanted to buy a set of wedding rings.  To replace a clasp, I was told it would be over 2 weeks to fix and it would be $65 dollars.  When I questioned the price and told them their competition was half their price, I was responded with, "No...no way.  There's no way that's possible.  No one would replace a clasp for less than $65."  That was enough for me.  Do yourselves a favor and walk 20 feet across the hallway, go to Heizberg Jewelers and ask for Bob.  He provided an exceptional experience and I spent over $2000 there. Their prices may be a little higher, but you get what you pay for.
