3	Just ok.  You'd think they'd want to keep you coming in for facials, microdermabrasions, laser tx etc but the customer svc is just so-so.  The aesthetician/medical assistant is blah, too.  Maybe they are jaded & see too many people coming through so nobody is special or no one is treated like you'd expect to be treated at spa like place.  Maybe they have enough business so they don't have to do much to keep the lemmings.   The overall ambiance is Clinique clinical w a white modern Euro decor.  I do see ads for here in the mailbox for new clients:  buy 1 micro/1 free, buy 2 laser/1 free.
5	I loved my expierience at The Skin Institute! I was greeted at the door by the aesthetician I made an appointment with. I was taken back quickly and had a chemical peel procedure, the aesthetician "Erica" told me exactly what to expect for the next couple days and told me that I could reach her if I had any problems. I did not have any problems, but I did have some white bumps form on my chin which did scare me a bit so I called and she said they should be gone by tomorrow, and she was right! My skin has never looked better, I will definately be going back very soon.
5	I have been coming to The Skin Institute for various treatments for the past 5 years or so.  I have always had nothing but a positive experience.  The ladies that work there are so friendly and professional and always go the extra mile to make sure you are fully informed about the services they are providing.  I have had two of the Pixel treatments and can't wait to get more once the summer is over with. The Pixel treatments have greatly improved the overall appearance and texture of my skin.  I have horrible acne scars and they have faded significantly with just two treatments.  I look forward to continuing an already excellent relationship with this organization in the future and recommend it to all Yelpers!
5	Since most treatments  I get require more than one visit it is nice to deal with people that are professional but also welcoming. The prices are also great they are always running specials and after my visit I get a letter in the mail thanking me for my business and money off my next visit. Since times are tough it helps me justify my treatments. I look forward to each visit I and love my results.
5	I've been going to the skin instiute for about 4 years. I was so happy that I recommended them to my best friend and my husband. They are always pleasant and keep you informed every step of the way during your treatments. I was terrifed to try botox because I've seen the droopy eyelids of some of my friends after their procedure. No worry here! They carefully map your muscles and make sure that you have a youthful, line-free forehead with a nice eyebrow lift.
5	Bought some Groupon for Microdermabrasion, Skin Analysis and Vitamin C Firming Mask treatments at the Skin Institute.  Making appointments over the phone was pretty easy and they called a day in advance to remind me of the scheduled appointment.On my first visit, there were some paperwork to fill out before the treatment.  After that you just show up on time.I never had this done before, and did it mostly to see how it is.  My esthetician is Erica, and if the other estheticians here are all like her, than I think the treatment, as well as, the service is excellent.  She is very professional and knowledgable, and was able to answer questions about the treatments they offer as well as other helpful tips.  And the microdermabrasion treatment itself was pretty much painless.  I have seen them offering promotions via Groupon and LivingSocial, so if you want to try them out at a discounted price, I suggest you keep an eye out for that or signup for these website's mailing list.  After my treatments, they offered the same Groupon discount directly, and these do not expire.Anyway, the lobby or reception area is very small, as this is a very small med spa operation.  And as such, they also have a small staff.  But the treatment room I was in was clean, with relaxing music playing, and absolutely adequate for the treatment offered. And if you are planning to get some treatments here, I totally recommend Erica, the esthetician who performed the last two treatments I received here.I am not an expert on med spas, but I really enjoyed my experience and I hope you will too.
4	I found this particular establishment from Groupon for the Chemical peel which includes Microdermabrasion (a week later).  Making appointments over the phone was pretty easy and they called a day in advance to remind me of the scheduled appointment.On my first visit, there was some paperwork to fill out before the treatment.  The lady at the front desk is super nice.I have had this done before many times but honestly I havent had a good one that really allowed me to peel since san diego. It is apparently the Rhonda Allison (Ra) product that does it because my peel here was awesome, I peeled a lot and they use the Ra line of products. This is also great for me because this one Ra product called the Growth Serum (which is suggested that you use after the peel) you can get here in house. SCHWEET!! My esthetician is Erica (and will be from now on) and the service is excellent.  She is very professional and knowledgable, and was able to answer questions about the treatments they offer as well as other helpful tips.  She also mentioned that they do some specials outside of groupon that would allow the same price for this treatment.I have been here several times now and I am going to be looking into some other procedures here in the future as well.
1	I would have had a better experience here if I were a "real valued customer" at this establishment.  Instead, I came to this business as a Groupon customer for laser hair removal.  I had to cancel a session due to an unforeseen emergency.  Amber, the owner explained that they were taking a session away due to late cancellation.  Upon learning this I explained the nature of the emergency.  At this point Amber explained that the best she could do was offer me a discount on the session that I would now be required to repurchase.  She went on to explain that they lose money on Groupon customers vs. her real customers.  (Silly me, I thought the fact that I purchased and received service made me a real customer.)   When I tried to speak she talked over me explaining the importance of the rules, never once stopping to think about me, the customer.  Groupon apologized and immediately refunded me for the laser hair removal package.
1	im wondering how much the laser hair removal deals are on the group on, i can't seem to find this company on groupon , can anyone help me I'm new to this city thanks in advance mary!
5	Not to give away my beauty secrets or anything... but I drive all the way from Los Angeles - the skincare capital of the world - to go to the Skin Institute in Vegas.Everyone at The Skin Institute is super-pro and appear to come from the heart of truly wanting you to tap into your natural beauty and maintain healthy skin. They never try and up-sell you like so many irritating places in LA. And they remember you - even asking after me to my friend who lives in Vegas that recommended their services a couple of years ago.The staff is incredibly nice, informed and chill. I know, I know, it's Vegas - but this place has more of a Northern California vibe. The interiors are very tastefully done - a perfect balance of "medi" and "zen."I highly recommend their services and even better, the pricing is far less than Southern California.
