5	Risque would be a 3.5 star club, but the bottle service puts it solidly at 5 stars.  Every time I have been to Vegas (aka 3 times), we've gotten bottle service on a private balcony at Risque.  The bottles aren't cheap, starting at $250/bottle, but you're paying for the real estate - your own private outdoor balcony overlooking the Strip with killer views of the Bellagio.  It's perfect for a special occasion - especially bachelorette parties!  The service was kind of a disappointment last time - they had just hosted a private party and were frantically trying to clear the guests out so we waited a while to be served, they kept bringing bad mixers (flat Sprite), and they ran out of pineapple and grapefruit juice - but the manager on duty sent over a free round of Red Bulls for all of us which would have cost around $100 if we had to pay for them, so I thought that was very cool of him.
4	Some friends got us on 'the list' for Risque, so I swallowed my pride and went.  First of all, I'm not a big fan of being 'the list' an then still having to wait ridiculously long times for admittance, but that's just what happened.  Once we got in, I have to admit that the club was beautiful.  It's lush and rich looking, if not a little on the small side.  There is a bridge - which is a beautiful place to take a little respite if the booming music is gettin' to be a bit much - that leads to another room that was playing more hip hop and top 40 while another room was spinning electronica, house and the like.The bathrooms were BEAUTIFUL.  The friend I bought with me, who was also no a club girl, and I decided that if we got too tired of the club we'd just go hang out in the bathroom all night.  That didn't end up happening because the $12 - $15 drink prices sent us home was before the sunlight did.For a club, it wasn't bad.  I've definitely been to worse.
3	I don't know what I expected of a club that was aggressively handing out free passes, but it was free.And for a free club...it was probably 4 stars.  For a club in general - its 2.5 or 3.  The DJ was pathetic.  It was hot and crowded - and not in a good way.  The dancing bikini girls were amusing, but really?  Also I just felt old in here.  It seemed to be filled with bachelorette parties who lacked the funds to go elsewhere and 21st birthday parties.  Not great.But, it was free
4	I actually like this club b/c people actually DANCE here and every time the girls go we get in for free and don't have to wait in line. You can have a really good time even w/out table service too. This is hilarious... the first time I went, my friends and I stayed in the front small section all night and didn't even realize there was another part to the club (don't laugh... it was the tequila). So once we figured out there were a couple of rooms and an outdoor patio, I fell even more in love with this dark little club. Plus, they have salsa nights which are soooooo much fun!
2	I went  to Vegas on a Saturday night with a couple of girlfriends for my 21st and we decided to hit up Paris for the hell of it. Upon entering, one of the club's employees somehow overheard me talking about club hopping and ran up and offered us free tickets. Although there was a line, he walked us to the front and got us in before everyone else. Cool. +4 stars for thatThe club itself was tiny with maybe only 4 or 5 VIP areas, and an okay sized dance floor. But I must say...the DJ was HORRIBLE. For the entire time I was there, they played mediocre hip-hop and some dancey mash-ups, but overall the music was not danceable. -1 star.Oh, mustn't forget the crowd....We arrived around 12-1am and the place was pretty empty, with the majority of folks there being older [and really awkward dancers]. A few 30+ chicks were really wasted and their titties kept coming out of their shirts which really put me off. -1 starMan, this place is free for a reason. Go if you're already wasted and don't give a crap about the club atmosphere.
3	We ended up here just because we didn't feel like walking anymore and I mean the place wasn't too shabby.  It only took like 15 minutes to get in, of course guys pay the normal $20 to get in.The bartenders were a little cocky and not overly helpful in exception to one blonde girl who was nice.  Drinks were Vegas prices, nothing completely outrageous. The club itself was okay, the main room played hip hop and the other room was playing Spanish music - I was a little too pasty to fit in there. The cholo's didn't like hittin' on their women I guess.I thing that really makes a Vegas club to me is the bathroom, every casino is always trying to have the best of the best and Risque definitely did not have the best restroom.  It was clean but dull and not flashy.  So for that only 3 stars.The girls seemed fairly stuck up only wanted to dance if they got a drink and if I wanted a whore I'd go to the bridge between Tropicana and MGM.  I hate cheap women, I hope they realize it makes them look smutty. So back to Risque, it was okay but not my personal preference of Vegas.
3	I'd give this club a higher rating but the bouncers were letting in lagoon monsters. Fortunately for us, our girls were hot so it wasn't a problem getting in without cover. I brought two Canadian girls to the salsa room who actually ended up having a good time even though it took them awhile to get used to the beats. The drinks were pricy but we were smashed from the tables so it didn't take much to keep the buzz. The women were beautiful and everyone wanted to have a good time. Certainly not the largest club in Vegas but great if you want to shake it!
3	My friend and I had no plans one night and received free passes to this place. Otherwise, I'd never heard anything about it and probably won't go back again.The dance floor is pretty small for the size of the place. It was really cramped and drinks kept getting dropped on it, which would take up more of the room that was barely there to begin with.The drinks are REALLY overpriced here! I would rather go to a more popular place like PURE or Tryst and spend the kind of money we spent here on drinks. I've seen on Vegas.com that they have some specials where you can pay a couple hundred for free entry and open bar all night. I would definitely recommend this if you absolutely have to come to this place. Otherwise, you'll end up spending more on individual drinks when you could've had unlimited ones!The VIP area is the one redeeming quality of the place, although I still found some parts disappointing. Everyone who pays for bottle service is in the same area; there isn't really designated tables for each group. The best part, though, was the balconies that look out onto the strip. Again, though, the downside is that two people can barely fit out there together!
5	Three words:  Hot Latina Women!!!
1	I got in free and did'nt have to wait in line and the place still sucked.  Its dark like cant see a damn thing dark.  Drinks were like 13 dollars for a jack n coke.  That is'nt bad if your have'n a good time.  Bartender needed a good ass kickn for sure.  I will never go back to this shit pile.
2	Not worth your time, money, effort to come here. It takes forever to get in and the dancefloor is small and crowded. You can barely move around. Cover's not cheap, drink's not cheap. Also, drinks are weak. This place needs some TLC.
1	Worst $20 ever.  They charged me $20 even though they're only supposed to charge $15 for women.The ad claims this is a Parisian club with beds and ottomans.  LIES!  ALL LIES!!!!!We waited in line for 20 minutes to find not only were there no beds or ottomans in any non-VIP area, but the music was freakin' TEJANO!  WTF?!  The other room had some hip hop variant but it all sucked.  The drinks were crappy and the bar tenders would not tend to my boyfriend and I even though we were ahead of everyone else in line.  Apparently there is a "Single Skanks First" rule when serving anyone (unfortunately it's like this in most of the clubs).  Sorry if my tits aren't falling out of my top and my skirt isn't so short you can tell if I wax or not, but I believe in an apparently rare thing called "class". So, if you're a skanky drunk floozy that likes Tejano, this is the place for you.  Otherwise, RUN.
2	This place BLOWS. dont waste your night here.its a restaurant turned club.Only 2 barsDance floor is as big as a cheap hotel room.no wonder it was free on a Sat night.half star for strong drinks
2	Somewhat disappointing...WAIT VERY disappointing. I had high hopes for this place. Good location, lots of marketing here and there..but once you walk in...you think "Is it just this??"I roam around the room looking for a secret room that will expand to make the place bigger but alas there is no secret room.It's quite small. Hardly anywhere to sit!The only good thing is the music. I really liked the music but with such a tiny dance floor..it's just very disappointing.
3	I had a really great time in the VIP area of this club.  The reason for the 3 stars was the people that worked for the club.  They were very rude.  If they have new people that work there, I would recommend this club to anyone.
1	I went to a special event here and considering I was forced to pay $25 admission, I expected something more and this had to be absolutely the worst club I have ever been to. I won't get into drunk dude who pissed in the middle of the dance floor or standing in puke and spilt drinks at other clubs so I must have had a truly horrible experience here. Lets see...Bartenders are wack as hell considering they can't even remember who is next to make drinks for... I fault the promoters for not asking the club to add more staffers. People were getting restless and one guy actually made a plea to the bartender to server him next. It only took me 45 minutes to get a drink. Word to the wise, drink up before coming here... I warned you!!!Once I got my drinks, headed to the tiny ... no puny dance floor and as other reviewers had stated... expected to see another VIP room which they apparently have none. Being packed on a dancefloor when literally no one is there was not my idea of fun. The VIP tables literally took up the entire upper floor with no room to dance or stand around. Music was real lame and I was none the happier once we went to a real club. Check out my review of Christian Audigier The Nightclub. If you truly want to party like a rock star, then avoid this place like the plague.
2	There was a time in which Risque was actually cool, but that time has long passed.  Paris is not one of those properties that come to mind when people in Vegas think of nightlife but they sure have been trying for quite a while.The ambiance is tired and the club itself is a little too dated to be more posh than it really is.  The bouncers and staff still try to pass off the place as it if it's Tao or Tryst, but even they know there is not much going on here other than the occasional eye candy that most clubs will have anyway.Drinks are over priced and weak.  The plastic cups are typically filled with lots of ice, enough to where the drink is barely more than a shot's worth of alcohol with something else (like gin & tonic or coke & bourbon).  It is more disappointing when the bartenders don't care about their drinks and complain about the drinks.It's only saving grace is their DJ line up.  A lot of up-and-comers are busting out their scratches here and really making the dance floor what it is was intended to be.  My favorite night here so far is Latin night.  They pump out some cool Latin hits and mix it with a sick track to make it a hell of a rendition.  Plenty of cute girls and guys galore, and its hot in here especially during the summer.  It could be a little more Risque, but they need a lot of work done before it gets back to that level.
3	I came here after a so-so night at Body English. Ditched my drunk friends back at the hotel, and met up with another group of peeps who had a table out on the balcony.  Pretty much walked right in the door, and sat down. The music was Latin that night, which was pretty awesome (for me, cause I dig it)  the dancing was fun.This I could see not being a cool club, if you were with just 1 or 2 people, but with a table, and the view, and the amenities we had, we had a great time.  I'd totally do it again.  Also, company plays a lot into it, and my company that night was 5 stars.
4	I went here on Friday night which happened to be latin night and me and my girls had a lot of fun here.  We had been having bad luck with going to places that we thought were open...somehow Rumjungle was closed on a Thursday night around 12:45..and some other bar/restaurant was closed to remodeling.  We found this out ONCE we got to the places lol.  Anyway this definitely made our last night in Vegas a whole lotta fun.  I am latina so I was fiending for some good spanish music.  This was the place!!!  The reggaeton was goood..even the rock en espanol was good (I'm not a big fan of rock en espanol).  There is another room right by the restrooms that plays English music...rap mostly.  So if you get tired of hearing the spanish..you can walk over to the other room.  The bartenders were fairly nice and the beers were a pretty decent price.  This club is located right by the casino which was great because I was able to sit and play the slots while I waited for my girlfriend who refused to leave this place. My feet were killing me so I had to leave..otherwise I would have stayed with pleasure :)  This is a GREAT spot only if you're interested in spanish music (reggaeton, bachata, rock en espanol, salsa, etc.)  If I'm back in Vegas I will DEFINITELY go here again.
1	We got suckered in by the guy handing out free VIP entrance cards.  We got there and stood in the line that took forever to file in.  I think they were moving people slowly in so it looked like the club was packed.  When we finally got into the club we found it was pretty empty.  The dance floor was pretty small and as time passed not a lot more people were showing up.  Since the club was dead we decided to take off.  The night we went, this didn't represent a real Vegas club.  It was so not off the hook
1	ahaha hahaha ahhahahah ahahaha.....uhhh.... no.No.  simply... yeah.  no.
1	Considering the cover charge I expected more from this club...way more. It's comprised of only 2 small rooms with a narrow balcony walkway connecting them together. The bar was shoddy at best and looked like it was just thrown together by some amateur/aspiring bartender. It was definitely something you'd see at a frat party. Most people's liquor collection at home is better than this. The crowd was mainly comprised of older men in their late 30's/early 40's. The older men were constantly eyeballing the younger women. I guess that's a good thing if you're a girl who idolizes Anna Nicole and plan to go after some old dude's pension. Save your money and go to Rum Jungle instead.
2	Apparently it's a better club on normal nights, but on New Years Eve it was deadsville.  The club is small, and the $200 cover charge was just too much in today's econony.  Bartenders were cool, though, that's really the only positive I can say about the place.
2	Well, this place has it's charms, with cute bartender, and of course considering the cover charge it could be better.I just wanted to have my guest to feel like they were well treated, and since it's part of a business expense, I guess it's alright..I'll give it it a 2 star.
2	If it wasn't for free passes I don't think I would come here.  Risque is small and oddly layed out.  I just don't see this place getting busy at all.  On a Saturday night, the music was on and off good but the people?  Strange crowd that evening.  I've experienced better.  We scoped this place out under an hour.  This place was just okay for me.
2	We came here because we were staying in Bally's and we had free passes.  We didn't know at the time that hotel guests get in free anyway.  Well, we got all dressed up and went inside, only to leave 5 minutes later.  This place reminded me of a high school dance.  There were 5 people dancing on the (tiny) dance floor, and the rest were just standing around.  Dude, it was Saturday night!We thought maybe there was another room so we went to check it out and it turned out that what we saw was it.  That's it?  The other side is just and area for couches?  Man.  That blows. So we left.We ended up returning the Risque later that evening for a last resort.  My friend wanted to get some drinks, but everything was $13+.  They had ONE drink on special: a buttery nipple for $6.  Not bad, but this place still lacked the party vibe we wanted.  And even later in the evening, there were about 20 people there.  I just felt awkward. The music was pretty much Urban top 40.  Anything with Akon, T-Pain, and a little bit of Biggie.  Besides that, there wasn't much variety.  More mash-ups may have improved my rating of this place, but to no avail...   Don't think I'd come back here.  There was nothing risque about this place at all.
2	Looking back on it, I feel like paying $10 for this place was definitely pushing it. Sad isn't it? Maybe my friends and I weren't drunk enough or something, but if it weren't for them, this place is tough to have fun at. It must've been around 11 or 12 and the dance floors were still empty, on a Memorial Day Weekend Friday nonetheless! Add to that the fact we had to wait 30+ minutes to get in, and it was tough to Also, when we went to the "house" room, there were a few bodies around the bar, but it mostly looked like DJ was just taking up floor space. Later, on the way to the bathroom, I came back to it find a completely empty room! Amazing. The saving grace for this place had to be the hip hop DJ in the other room spinning some old school tracks that hit the spot just right and the night wasn't a complete bust. All in all, I definitely appreciate not feeling like I'm packed in a sweaty, musty sardine can (a feeling i get at some clubs), but this place can definitely up their game.
1	THE WORST I'VE BEEN TO!!!!!The line took forever to get into...when we got in, there was nobody in there! They played some semi-decent music for about 20 minutes then after that they started playing strictly spanish music. I don't mind it but for guys like my husband who can't understand it...it was horrible. It was also filling up with OLD people...and when I say old I mean OLD! Like my grandmothers age...WTF??? When we saw that we immediately bounced and headed off to the OG. At least there I could have a good time!
2	I swear I rarely have fun at Vegas clubs.. There's just something so douchey about them.. Honestly, I'd be more inclined to have fun if there were just two requirements filled.. Space to dance and good music (no, not your typical top 40 crap).. The crowd tends to play second fiddle in this whole scheme, but nonetheless the play an important factor in the big picture..Anyway, I'm rambling cuz I don't really have a lot to say about this place.. Other than the fact that they played decent music, had space to dance.. but the crowd was full of 46+ y/o people.. Not coolWomp Womp.. at least it was free
1	The only reason we went to this dump is cuz we couldnt get into Tao (at the Venetian) because we were wearing sneakers (which wouldnt have been a problem, but because of some issues, it was). Anyways we got in here for free and I seriously would have been enraged if I had to pay anything more than $1 for admission. When I first walked in the first thing out of my mouth was "wow this place is small" and "damn no one is here".... that was pretty much the theme of the night. The only saving grace for this place was that they played half way decent music. I should have known not to come here after reading the reviews on yelp, but i was stubborn and i paid the ultimate price.
1	this reminded me of high school dances, and i went to a math and science magnet high school, so that should give you an idea of just how BAD of a high school dance im talking about.the dj played some decent music but couldn't mix for the life of him.the decor of the main room was just mind boggling-ly ugly and ridiculous. i was showing my friend the old cafeteria serving station they had completely visible when the security came up to me to tell me that i wasn't allowed in the "VIP" section. i laughed because it was bad enough being in that "club," there was no way i'd waste any time in their "VIP" section chilling next to an abandoned cafeteria on an ottoman that probably had pubic lice crawling all over it. anyway, he told me it used to be a "dessert bar, a reallllllly long time ago." i told him they should really do something to hide it because it is incredibly tacky. then we left.they had a second room that was actually really nicely decorated and was playing some decent house music. but there weren't ANY people in it. probably because nobody even knew it existed. you had to go through all these weird hallways off to the side that gave no indication that you would end up in another dance room. if this place hopes to have any future at all, they better heavily consider offering $1 shots of patron so everyone can get so sh*tfaced they forget where they are.
3	So if you're looking for a wild Las Vegas night club, packed with people, music thumping, exotic decorations, dancing girls in cages...yeah, this ain't it.  For something on the strip, Risque is downright bland.  The music's ok, and if you can make your way into the balcony area, you get a nice view of Bellagio and the strip.But other than that, it's your run of the mill dance club.  Not that there's anything wrong with that, but you'll probably leave disappointed if you know what else is around.  It helps that you can find your way in without paying cover and that the line's not too long, but just know there's a reason for that.
3	Definitely NOT your typical Vegas club. But for free, I couldn't really complain all that much.The deal with this place is that if you're staying at Bally's or Paris, you can get in for free by showing your room key. Because of this, the crowd here is very mixed, (and by mixed I mean older and predominantly anglo). Because of the mixed crowd, the music is also mixed (and mixed is really an understatement).  My best friend and I must have danced to everything from Madonna to Bon Jovi to Little John and Lady Gaga, which for us is great! But for the rest of our friends, not so much. The club is pretty small and the bar is also lacking in all shapes and forms.  So word of the wise, if you are looking for typical crazy Vegas fun, this is not your place...
1	This club sucks! It's a long line and the bouncer is rude! It's upstairs and there are only 2 rooms! Not that sexier than their hotel and casino. I'd rather stand outside and take pictures. Walked out literally within 5 minutes after paying $20 to get in. But then again it was like latino night. Nothin but reggaeton. I still don't like the floor and sound system. :(
1	Yea...I got in free for a reason.  They just want anyone in there.
5	This club has sadly been closed  and replaced with Chateaux Paris.
