2	I have been to this location a few times before....however this time was not the best experience.I made an appointment for my mom and I for Mother's Day, (Mom was visiting me from out of town.)We got the Mani/Pedi Specialty Spa package which included (pedicure, hot stones on the legs, mint lotion stuff, parafin wax for both hands and feet all while sitting in a super comfy massage chair.  It sounded like heaven.Our appointments were at 1:30, but we walked in to a full house!They took us right in, however...they did not have 2 ppl. available to work on both of us at the same time.They started my pedicure....then the gal told me that someone else would be finishing me, because' she had another appointment.Meanwhile, someone else had started on my Mom...and they actually finished her pedicure before I was halfway done with mine.Mom's pedicure was done...they started on my manicure and left her sitting there waiting to start her manicure...no water to dip hands in...and pedicure was done, so it wasn't like she could stick her feet back in the tub.Finally got finished with the paint portion of my manicure...and THEN they did the parafin wax on my hands.Needless to say my nails were not dry enough...and now I have nicely painted nails with big huge bubbles in them.   Not smooth to the touch.Mom finished about 10 minutes after me....we left this salon at 4:15pm (almost 3 hours later).I am one for the saying that "beauty takes time," but....in this particular case, they just had too many customers and not enough workers to handle everyone....even those that made appointments.Everyone was VERY nice....but my finger nails being ruined before I walked out and the way we got tossed around between different people, and a lot of time sitting and waiting for our persons to come back and finish the job....really made the experience frustrating and not as relaxing.I will give this place one more try, maybe on a less busy day...
4	Staff is friendly and easy to communicate with. Foot spa massage chairs are in good working order. Will most likely go there again.
4	I did as I said I would, and I gave them another chance, and they did a great job!The place was much less busy (we were out in an hour, instead of 4), my mom and I were both handled at the same time this time, so that no one was left waiting for the other to finish...and they took extra care to paint my mom's nails in 4th of July colors like she wanted.   We did not get the parafin wax treatment this time, so I can't say that I know they wouldn't still give someone else the wax treatment after the nails are painted, to then create bumpy and sticky nails....But I did have an enjoyable time and everything went as one would expect.I will say though one thing that drives me crazy about this place...they show sports on TV.  (Not that I'm against sports), but when I leave my house to go to get my nails done and have a little "woman" time....I don't want to be watching sports while trying to relax!At least give me the home shopping network or something!   LOLOther than that....this is a nice place, and they do a good job and have a very nice staff.I will continue to be semi-regular.
5	I love getting my nails and toes done here. They always make me laugh and have great conversations with me!
5	Very good prices for their services. Mon-Wed they have a great pedicure special. Always friendly and fast service!
3	Long wait today.  They stuck me in a chair so I wouldn't leave.  Not nice.  The stars are based on past service which is hit or miss.  I have been here about 25 times overall.  Come here in a pinch.
5	Under new management as of April 2014, this salon was bought by Lily (formerly of Obebe Nails) and she's amazing! I've been going to her for years for pedicures, full sets and even an occasional brow waxing. The spa is clean, the designs are great, the staff is friendly and I am always very happy with the results. Definitely worth trying again under this new management if you are in the area.
5	I am working here now and we are making all the changed under the new manager and owner by Tiffany's my Sister.
