3	Overall this is a clean and well-stocked Circle K. The drink machines are in good repair, and they have plenty of fresh food on offer like sandwiches, fruit, and so on. They also have beer and tiny bottles of liquor. I'm not one to consume the dubious hot sandwiches that convenience stores put out these days, but they don't look all that offensive if you're really hungry.There are a couple of downsides to this location. Some of the staff are very nice, but a couple of them make weird comments. One older lady that works there randomly told me that "liberals are godless", possibly in reference to the last customer she helped. I was perplexed.Also, if you come in here early morning on weekends, the entire place is overrun with bicyclists milling around, using the bathroom, filling their water bottles with ice, and so on. None of them buy anything and all of them will scowl at you if you try parking in a space that's near where they're congregating. Annoying.. I wish the store manager would tell them to take a hike.
3	This is a prettily clean and organized Circle K location, and the gas is comparably priced to other gas stations in the area. The issue is the location. It is an awkward parking lot, making it difficult to get in and out, pumps are in a strange place, and the traffic can be a pain...
5	This is my favorite Circle K. Just my local convenient convenience store. And how can you go wrong with a polar pop?
3	This location isn't half bad. It's clean and well stocked, but the pumps are at an angle. I don't mind it, but kind of an odd set up.  The inside of the store is well stocked and clean, and they have a decent selection of drinks to choose from.  Several food and snack options as well, and I like coming here.They aren't the cheapest place in town, but not outrageously priced either. You can always find gas n snacks for a bit cheaper at the Circle K down the street about another mile, but if you can't this place will do just fine.Service here is friendly and okay, but some of the staff is a bit weird. I asked the guy what my total was for a pack of cigarettes and I had to ask him three times because he wanted to talk about football instead.  That's find and good, but I'm not having a serious blowout conversation here folks! He finally told me after I was like "uh, gotta run there champ, how much is it again?"  Anyways, run of the mill gas station here.  Clean, well kept with plenty to choose from.
