5	Coming off of my high from the VIP See's Candies shopping experience in California, I seeked out a new location to acquire my next chocolate fix. Fortunately, I was enjoying a nice Mexican food lunch and when I looked around the strip mall, I saw the See's Candies sign. I made a bee line over to their location and ordered up. You may experience a wait in ordering before large national holiday's.
5	As a California girl, I grew up on See's and it is my favorite candy shop around. This particular location is fantastic! I don't know what it is about See's stores, but they get the absolute best employees. They are so friendly, helpful and kind. I always seem to have a great experience, despite coming here on the busiest holidays of the year. I came here for Valentine's Day candy for my fella and mom. Despite how busy they were, the line went swiftly and they were able to keep up the friendly and happy rapport with their customers. My favorites are the almond royale, lemon truffle, vanilla nut caramels and all their lollipops (except the vanilla).I highly recommend See's and this one in particular does not disappoint.
4	We love chocolates!  Who doesn't.  I would gladly trade for a box of chocolates, if the offer was given.  See's has been a regular on our table for a while.  All the relatives in California sends them, so when VD was coming up, I began hinting around, especially after I received a catalog.So one afternoon, we stopped in.  The store was full of freshly made goodies.  They have pre packaged boxes, tins, bags, or you can make up your own box.  They always offer samples which I gladly accepted and it made it harder to choose.They have now began making sugar free for those wanting to watch their sugar, but still engage in a chocolate sensation.  It's a slightly less sweet taste, but still a very good candie!After my selections, we were offered a punch card for future purchases and made sure we were still on the mailing list.
4	Came here to get some yummy stocking stuffers and we did not leave empty handed! Lots of cute holiday themed items perfect to give anyone.. I mean who doesn't love chocolate?!!! The star for me here was the lady who rang us up, Shirley A.. She was so kind and patient and wanted us to get our money's worth.. We bought like $60 worth of stuff and so she told us to pick out some candies & gave it to us on the house ;))) Hot tip: free samples! Need I say more? If they don't offer, just ask~
5	We love See's back in LA and I was glad to see that they have See's in Vegas now.  This is a great store, very helpful staff.  I always try to stop in when I'm in town and treat myself or someone I know.
