4	Good Morning Coffee... I have a friend who's husband works in Marketing at Peet's Coffee in Seattle.  The ongoing joke finally came true (this joke was first told to me at least 9 years ago!) "One day Starbucks is going to be so big, you will order your coffee and go to the bathroom, inside the bathroom there will be another Starbucks in there"... Ok, much funnier in person, and when anyone else tells the joke! Safeway Starbucks. The only thing I don't like is when I order a "Grande White Chocolate Mocha", they always ask if I want it hot... Im sorry, isn't there an iced version? If I wanted it iced I would have asked, and I didn't. So stream that bitch up and don't forget the whipped cream.. :0)
5	I really enjoy coming to this location! The staff is really friendly and they know what my usual is. I was worried when  Kelby (the original manager) was getting transferred that service just wouldn't be the same. I'm so glad I was wrong! Steven came in and took over with the same exceptional service that I'm used to getting! So Steven, Courtney, Iris, Devin, Taylor, and the rest of the staff, THANK YOU!
4	So convenient! Plus, sipping on a tall chai latte while doing my grocery shopping prevents me from compulsive-hunger-purchases :)Unfortunately they only have a small offering of pastries/foods, not the normal Starbucks cafe variety. No croissants, boo! Yes cake pops, yay! Still, it's hard to maneuver a grocery cart with a drink in one hand and a pastry in the other, so I normally pass anyway. They have 1 or 2 people manning the station, which means the wait can be quite extensive if you happen to get there when there's a crowd, but you also might get lucky and be the only one!
4	Good location and friendly employees.  My only complaint is that employees aren't allowed to show up early to prep.  (This is what the young lady told me)  So if you go in early when they first open, nothing will be ready.  If you aren't in a rush first thing in the morning this place is perfect.
