3	Wow, It has been a long time since I was in a Chipotle since moving to AZ...  Sure their food is good, but compare to Filiberto's they are WAY more $$$ for a burrito and such.  Yeah they have good chips and guac but honestly it will be hard to go there any more with the other selections here in the valley.  They are always clean and friendly when I have been in and no issues with the food, but just the cost & selections vs. the others has me forgetting about Chipotle.
1	I visited at lunch time, around 1:30 PM. I didn't think there would be much of a line given the time, but unfortunately there was no parking and the line was out the door. Once inside I realized why there was such a big line: the employees are less than the model of efficiency. After waiting 30 minutes in line, I was unlucky enough to have a lady in front of me who was filling an office order for 10 people. Why didn't she fax in her order you may be asking? Well, she was well aware of the process because she had the DSL (Don't Stand in Line) bulk order sheet in her hand and usd it to read the order to the burrito makers.So by the time they finished her order, they were a bit flustered and in a hurry. I was ordering two burritos and was further unlucky to have a phone order prioritized between my two burritos. I had to walk back and forth along the counter to tell each person what I wanted on each burrito. That was why they forgot to include guac on my veggie burrito even though I asked for it, and why I didn't notice until it was too late.I've ordered almost everything on their menu and off their menu and eating a veggie burrito with no guac was my first negative experience.Am I blaming them for having to wait in line 40 minutes? No, I only blame them for 30 minutes of it. Why was the manager out clearing tables when only a couple tables were occupied and while there was only one burrito maker on the assembly line?I may go back to this location, but only to get some free guacamole.
2	The staff was very friendly and I received fast service, but I was very disappointed in the quality of the food.  Most pieces of the steak were too fatty to eat.  I'm willing to try them again - hopefully will see an improvement.
5	One of my favorite places.  Burritos are awesome, chips and guac is great.  This chipotle's taste I believe is better than other chipotle's, but that could be my imagination.  Overall, great quality food that's well priced and taste great.
4	Chipotle has always been good to me when I am in a hurry and this is no exception. People who complain about the price should go get food poisoning at some hole in the wall place or at least research it's price range beforehand online (like using yelp DUH) They are fast enough for how busy it gets and I have never had a problem they don't instantly fix. I suggest ordering online because if they get it wrong it's free, and usually still edible / good. The one off the 101 by costco has given me personally at least 15 free burritos/ bowls.Happy rolling!
4	We love coming here for dinner or getting take out. It is always consistently good food. The chips and guacamole are great and you get good portions for the price. Only drawback is they use light and dark meat chicken, would love for it to be just white meat.
4	I love the food here and the people work are always friendly. This location gets very busy during lunchtime and the only drawback is the lack of parking. Go early or after 1 to avoid the rush!
2	A 12 dollar burrito filled with very chewy steak? Nah, I'm not coming back.
3	I love their burrito's and could eat them daily if I didn't have to worry about weighing 400 lbs. The problem with this place is the parking stinks and if you go at a busy time (lunch) it is packed and isn't quick to get in and out. This keeps me from going as often as I would like.
4	Love their chicken burrito with chips...  I like it and we are always out of there in a flash.
5	We've been frequenting here for five years now and their food is always consistent.  Service is great.  My only complaint - well, there's 2 - is they are SUPER busy during lunch hours and the parking isn't so great.  If you go off peak, no problem.  As far as Chipotles go, this one definitely passes muster!
2	Don't order online. You pay for what you order but sometimes meat is forgotten, and you're paying for items you don't get. Otherwise the food is good and the people at the counter are friendly.
2	The 2 stars is mainly for the service.  They were extremely slow!  I have visited other Chipotle locations and even when there's a line, they are fast and friendly.  When I finally got to the register, the girl at the register had to ask me 3 times what I ordered and even though I told her 4 times that I wanted a large drink, she kept handing me the small drink.  Maybe it was because she was more concerned with a co-worker (who had either just gotten off of work or was on break) telling her a story about a friend of his who was having a baby.  It was pretty ridiculous considering the growing line of customers behind me. The food as usual is delicious! Can never go wrong with a chicken burrito bowl!  However, the guy who was taking the order was in a huge hurry (there was a long line as usual during lunch) and put less than 1/2 the amount of rice and beans than what is usually put into the bowl.  I had to ask for a little more of each.  When I asked for extra lettuce, the girl putting it on gave me a look like "Really?" and begrudgingly gave me extra lettuce.  I think I will be heading east to the Chipotle in Avondale next time.  I've never had a problem at that location.P.S.  Parking is not the greatest here!
2	My second try at a Chipotle grill.  My first was in San Diego.I guess I'm just not a fan of the restaurant in general.  This one was no different the San Diego location.  Sort of a Subway "Mexican Style" only with 1/2 the topping selection.On this occasion I was really in the mood for a good, spicy burrito.  But I don't like chicken, pork or shredded beef.  I really wanted ground beef with the mexican spicing.  I ended up choosing steak.I didn't want Rice on my burrito nor did I want beans (they have two choices for each).  That leaves a choice of about 5 other toppings.  I added lettuce, cheese, and sour cream.  I asked for guacamole and had to pay extra for it.Since we had kids with us we added the bag of "chips" and asked for mild salsa.  To Chipotle, Mild Salsa means a cup of diced tomatoes and onions.  NO sauce.  WTF??It was a frightening mess to eat the burrito.  I need dozens of napkins.  The taste was ok.  Not bad.  But not what I wanted either.If you've never been to one, and are wanting Mexican food, go find a restaurant.  This place won't do it for you.
2	Wasn't too impressed with this restaurant. I heard you could build your own creations similar to a Subway style place. They had 3 options of meat, none of which were my favorites, one type of cheese and very limited extras. The girl rolling the burrito was extremely slow at doing so-took her forever to roll it up. I worked at a Mexican restaurant and know it does not take this long!! THe line got really long due to her. The staff was really friendly and nice and they patrolled the drink bar very well, keeping it stocked and cleaned. Overall, they tried hard, but the concept was lacking at best. I won't be back.
1	It's amazing ever time I go into this fast food establishment cleanliness is far from being existent.  First impressions go along way in all environments but when I see every other table dirty and trash cans overflowing that sends a very sound message.  I have to ask myself what is it that I don't see especially in the kitchen.  Even after complaining to the corporate office nothing has changed!  Most of the employees are young and can be seen laughing and gathering in the back room while tables are dirty, garbage cans are over flowing and ice machine is empty.  Epic fail!
2	OUT OF MARGARITAS  ... This should not happen in the middle of the day.
2	The only reason this location gets 2 stard is because i luv Chipotle! I use to have this at least 2 times a week, but now its way less, and the only reason is for the disorganization at this particular location! Like a few other yelpers have stated the service here sucks. On multiple trips i have waited in line for 30+ mins cuz they ran out of stuff on the line and just not efficient. I work in downtown and go to the location at cityscape and that is a model location. Lines are crazy long but the line is always moving. I was soo pissed one day cuz i waited and waited then they got my order wrong and gave me attitude when i mentioned the mistake, so i went online and wrote their corporate office. I basically stated they should look into this location cuz it could do soo much better. Gotta say i have been back to this chipotle and nothing has changed :( so if ur craving and dont wnt to deal drive to the one on 99th!
1	At least they are consistent because every time I go there the tables and floors are dirty which speaks volumes in a food establishment.
1	At least they are consistent always every other table is dirty and floors are just as bad.  Cleanliness should be first and foremost in any food establishment and it makes me think what is it that I don't see especially from a kitchen standpoint.
4	Typically limited Chipotle menu, but I eat here alot during work hours(to-go) and the staff is good at handling the lines that are out the door sometimes. I wish they had more variety, but I still love the food and go back again and again.
5	Love it
2	I really wanted to love this place, especially as they offered such a nice deal (BOGO) for teachers recently. But I didn't, and it had nothing to do with the service as other reviewers have mentioned. We did have to wait in line for about 45 minutes, but I know it was because of the teacher promotion, and I was happy to wait my turn. The portions are, indeed, massive - but the food was only so-so. I was stoked that they had organic, hormone free chicken -- but was bummed that they were 'out' of it (and according to a friend, had been out of it for at least a month... due to a supply shortage?). Regardless, I ordered a double wrapped pork burrito and a chicken bowl. The chicken was really disgusting - super chewy, poorly cooked thighs, and the pork was slightly better but just tasted a little 'off'. The rice was slightly greasy,  and while the other toppings were ok, I went there for the meat, and having that be bad in both of my meals (I ordered one for the next day but tried them both that evening while they were fresh) just was a bit of a buzzkill. The place is also fairly pricey for a casual take out joint. I doubt I'll go there again, but if I do for some reason, I'll try the vegetarian option and update this review accordingly.
1	Last time I visited, I placed an order online. I know, burned in the past, but thought I would give it a second shot. The online ordering site allows you to pick a time, and gives the people there at least fifteen minutes to get your order ready. I selected a time, and was at the store 5-10 minutes after the time it should have been ready. When I got up to the cash register, the girl there had to print out my receipt and hand it to the people making it. After a few words with them, they stuck the receipt with my order on the wall. I had to stand there waiting another ten minutes before she went over there again, and had to tell the guy at the beginning of the line that I was there waiting for it.The place where I work only gives me a half hour for lunch, and the lines at this place are notoriously slow, so I thought I would be safe ordering online. The food is definitely not as good as it used to be. In fact, the bowl I got was pretty watery. Not something I'm used to from chipotle. All in all, I don't think I'll be going back. And I dont think I will miss it.
3	This is not the best location I have been to but it seems like they are getting better. At times this location gets completely packed and with such a small parking lot you often have to park by other stores and walk over. It seems like during those busy times the service is pretty slow compared to other locations I have visited. Any other time service is quick and friendly and the food is always good.
2	Usually Chipotle rates high in my book but this location is far from what it should be.My husband and I were passing through on our way to California. It was around 11:30, shortly after the restaurant opened. The line to place our order moves extremely slow compared to my other chipotle experiences, when I finally reach the counter they Are out of chicken, shredded lettuce and  fajita veggies, they tell me it will be awhile, so we settle for alternatives that aren't really what we want. We go to get silverware, that entire section clearly has not been stocked. There are no forks and knives, napkins all over the place. To top if off I stopped in the. Bathroom on my way out, the bathroom was a mess. Paper towels everywhere and almost no toilet paper. I would think that if you are opening and preparing for the lunch rush, you would prepare the key items for your store to run properly. Perhaps it was just an off day but I'm sure Chipotle would be disappointed with this locations representation of their name.
2	Food was cold. No chicken or steak  had to wait for employees to finish their conversations before giving the lady making the food the meat. Wanted chicken but didn't feel like waiting another 5 min fir my food. Had to wait longer since the front end ran out of cups then employee decided to have a conversation before bringing out the cupsUpdate still bad service. maybe they need to train better. employees prefer to have social hour then help the guests in their store
2	My girlfriend and I love Chipotle, and come to this location weekly for an easy and delicious lunch. Today, however, was much different. First, let me say that I have worked in the food and beverage industry for over 10 years, and customer service plays a big role in this environment. We order our usual meals and find a place to sit; my girlfriend immediately notices two black hairs in the cheese of her meal. She takes her taco plate back to the cashier, points out the hairs and that she believes it may have come from the cheese. The staff begins to show each other the plate, and laugh about the fact that there was hair found in a guest's meal, in front of more guests standing along the assembly line. They begin to make her meal again, but continue to use the same products as before, regardless that any may have human hair in them, even the cheese that was specifically pointed out to be the most likely culprit. I give this place 2 stars because normally, the standard of service is very high. This time,  I did not recognize a single person on the line, so I'm giving fault to inexperienced employees. Very poor customer service, not even an apology or offer to pay for the meal was given. I will now be driving to other locations as this one has lost its luster and appeal from poor management, food quality and customer service.
1	Worst chipotle ever. SLOWWWW service, incompetent staff, and my burrito bowl is missing ingredients. Management- please do a better job at training your employees. They look like deer in headlights.
1	If you could leave the stars empty I would. Cut to the chase. They ran out of fajita veggies for my wife's vegetable burrito bowl and said it would take one min. After standing there with her awkwardly in line while people passed in front and behind 10 mins and about 15 customers went by. Then my wife spots the girl in the kitchen area grab raw chicken and put it on the grill and then touch the vegetables without cleaning or removing her gloves. Yeah, hope no one eats those vegetables!! Never going here again.
3	Employees are really loud and very rude while in break. Is there a reason why 3 of them are yelling and laughing hysterically and manage to be louder then all 20 ppl sitting and eating in the dining room?
1	check it out I was taking my family and some friends to eat and was finishing smoking my cigarette in the parking lot. I was told I could not smoke on the lot. Won't be eating here again. In Goodyear Az
2	so now they have been "out" of margaritas abt 3 times .. by just 2:00-3:00 in the afternoon. This used to be one of my favorite places for a quick drink and lunch but after being told they are out so many times, I can't count on them anym ore. If I want Chipotle, I'll go to another one. And I'll read their yelps first to make sure they have higher ratings.
2	I've been here several times at it is always the same experience,  SUPER SLOW and less than good service. I try to eat by the Paleo plan, therefore I get no rice or beans here.  When you don't  order rice or beans (the huge filler ingredients) they look at you crazy here. I asked for a bunch of veggies and my steak. I received a pinch of veggies and  barely 1 scoop of meat. When I asked the lady for a little more of each I was told I'd have to pay extra. Stingy. I wasn't asking for extra, just a fair amount.  Not going back to this location.
5	Good quality food, fast!
1	Horrible customer service... The employees are more concerned about talking with each other and joking around than they are listening to customer orders. IF there is even anybody at the register... good luck. It'll still take forever! Very sloppy, unorganized, and lazy store.
1	Horrible horrible service. I don't know if it's because it's phoenix or because the crew and management just suck but I had a horrible experience at this chipotles. They tried to load my burrito up with rice and didn't drain the beans making my burrito a soggy mess. But the worst part is that they gave me less meat than the previous two customers so when I pointed it out they guy just said he'd have to charge me for double meat. I said no, I just want the same meat everyone before me got. They either didn't get it or didn't care, either way it's a bad way to do business. I will NEVER go to this chipotles again.
2	Typical Chipotle flavor but the service staff always seems annoyed and they're light on that guac we all pay to have added.
3	I'm visiting from California .... The guys serving were GREAT! When I got to the cashier, she had an attitude when I asked her if she charged me twice when she slid my credit card 2x! Order #381 was my order and her nose ring isn't very appetizing.
2	Okay, I lovvvvveeeee chipotle! And I been to this location twice. Most of the staff are nice but that dang short cashier girl is SO rude. She has an attitude every time or just hates her job, i don't know. But I work in the restaurant industry and even if I'm in a bad mood I don't act like that. I try to avoid this location just because of her. Otherwise food is always yummy!!
2	Chips tasted terrible. Service was average at best. Check out person was rude.
