3	If you're a male who loves serious go-karting, this is the place for you to go in Charlotte. If you're looking for a boredom buster, don't come here. Yeah, I was with a birthday party here and it was me with about 7 guys. I get hit on a curve by someone that didn't slow down and I run right into the wall. When the guy comes over to move the kart back into the lane, he chooses to make a smartass comment about there being brakes on the kart. To which I explain I was using them and that was the issue. Most of the guys with me hit the wall just as hard or harder and were asked if they were okay. Not me. The only other female injured her neck in the kart and sat out the rest. She received no help from any employee. Just what I witnessed. It may have been an off-day.I guess I learned the hard way that amateur/female business isn't really that encouraged here. The place is pretty expensive, but 3 stars because the karts and lanes are in decent shape. For competition and real championship racing, this place is as ideal as you can get, However, I probably won't be returning as a voluntary hobby.
4	I just received a message from the owner who apologized for the service. It's really great to hear that a business cares about reviews of service and are interested in making it right. I now feel like I was probably there on an off-day. So thank you so much for offering to make it right, it really makes a difference to your customers!
2	I'm not an avid go-karter but I've been enough times to know what to expect.  This go-kart establishment is by far the worst that I've been to. I've been to go karting in places in LA, Boston, and Vegas and what all of those places had that this lacked was a safety/training person/video to tell you what the safety rules are.  This place, all you do is sign up via computer, pay your way and you (not guided) look for the entrance to put your track suit on. No one in the room to tell you what to put on. No one in the room to tell you where to go. So you find your way to the track and wait in the line to drive. Again, no training video, no guide to tell you what is what, what the rules are, etc. You just get in your car and drive. I wouldn't mind the lax safety/security procedures so much if my brother and I didn't get YELLED at by the manager/owner on the track. His exact words were, "WHERE ON PLANET EARTH CAN YOU STILL DRIVE WITH YELLOW LIGHTS FLASHING?"  If I'm expected to stop at yellow lights on your track, you've got to tell me before we start racing. (Backstory: the yellow lights were on because someone crashed; okay so why do I need to use caution in other parts of the track where the crash isn't...we slowed as we got closer to the crash site ... that's when we got yelled at! We were like, whoa, where the heck did that come from. That's what ruined the racing experience.)   This place doesn't hold a candle to K1 or F1.
4	This place is really fun!Great location, and a lot of fun! As soon as you get in your jumpsuit and helmet you already feel like you are on the raceway and then you get in the kart...and watch out!  It's an experience! Totally awesome! Everything is fast and full of action! It's also a great upper body workout! What's really great is that they take safety very seriously! So make sure to pay attention to the officials, keep your helmet on and watch the lights but overall for a fun night out this is the place!And ladies its $5 on Saturday night! Whoooo Hoooo!
3	Granted I don't have a need for speed, this wasn't the highlight of my day. If you're an avid go-karter then give this place a try. Just be aware that safety isn't exactly top knotch (which explains why you sign your life away).  They don't really teach you much but they do seem nice enough.
5	I have raced at VLK a few times, and I enjoy it more and more every time. If your goal is to achieve a personal course record, make a memorable event for a family member or have a corporate team building event, VLK is the perfect place.
5	Great place to have a corporate event!!!  They have a brand new restaurant and bar too. The staff is great. Recommend you check them out!!!
3	Recommend for DATE NIGHT or group experienceSo I am a hiking, white water rafting, run on a regular type of woman.I am all about active activities, yet my experience at Victory Lanes was really disappointing. Riding in circles at high speeds and cramped in a kart aren't my idea of a good time. It just did not wow me, but I will give it another try if I had a group of friends.Location: Easy to spot from highway, but use GPS or you will get lost Price: we bought a members passStaff: Able to answer questions; prepare to sign your life awayChildren can act as spectators, but I wouldnt encourage drivingBathrooms would get a 2/5 not big enough for dressing room.Suites are cool and help with excitement, the look awesome in pictures.
4	Victory Lane is a fun place to challenge your racing skills and your friends.  I feel an 8 minute race is just a tease, but my friends who don't have a regular exercise regimen start complaining after the second race...  Not all cars are set up the same.  Some folks complain about this, but I feel the perceived handicap is a disguised opportunity for me to learn how to overcome issues while on the track.  Victory Lane has many offerings in the form of endurance races and seasonal leagues when open lapping is not challenging enough for you.  I have not personally participated in any of these events, but hope to in 2014.Occasionally you will see a nice car in the parking lot, which I have come to expect at venues catering to motorsports.
5	Loved it!I know NOTHING about go karting, cars, engines but my boyfriend who loves stuff like that brought me here for date night. We came around 10:45pm on Friday night. They had a running special so the boyfriend paid full price and my cost of entry was only $5. The workers were EXTREMELY helpful. Since we came so late, we were the only people there (excluding the group at the food area) so we had the track for ourselves. One thing I really like is that you sign up and register upon entry and they automatically send you your race times and place number to your email along with giving you a print out. I had the best date night ever coming here.
5	A colleague and I are traveling across the states working for a rock n roll touring act and we have been going to many karting courses. Victory lane is by far our most favorite. We make it a priority to come here every time we are near Charlotte.  The course is awesome and the karts are insanely fast. These are GAS powered, not electric. So much better. The staff is incredibly knowledgable and their kitchen made us specialty food items. We had such an awesome experience here and we will DEFINITELY be back soon. If we lived nearby, we'd be here multiple nights a week.
5	Went with some work friends on business. Great time!It's nice to smell the fumes and rubber and to race with a real engine. I've raced at k1 speed and it doesn't beat the gas engines and the price of this place (maybe 10 bucks cheaper per race on avg). The jumpsuits and track size and config combined with the above make a great experience for adults.I also like their idea of membership if you wanna get competitive or come more often. Didn't seem the same at k1 when I went back home.Highly recommended!
5	Met the owner during a wakeboard session down in Charlotte this past weekend and with the rain that came in Sunday, decided it was a perfect chance to go check out his establishment until the weather cleared up a bit.5 stars.Employees were on top of things, pricing was right on the money (Buy 2 races, get 1 free) and the carts were fast enough for the track layout to keep things interesting.  Tons of fun, and I would definitely be in a league or similar if I was a local.I've been to a few other indoor karting facilities across the country, and Victory Lane is at the top of the food chain!
1	I must say I am very disappointed with the way it's establishment is ran, we had a group of kids (7) some with experience and some not, then they put 3 adults In the adult kart and ran all over the kids and ran almost 36 sec faster, not a safe experience for the younger kids.
4	We had a great Time at a team event. however one of our teammates was hurt pretty bad.I also hit a wall fairly hard and hurt my neck.The staff should recommend the use of the available neck pads to help avoid these type injuries.Be very aware of the risk of injury before you do this. It is about the same as playing football with a high school football team.
2	Meh. Came here again on a busy Saturday night around 8pm. Maybe since I had such an amazing first experience my expectations were too high. Customer service was seriously lacking. The front desk girl was a little standoffish. I Just didn't feel welcomed. There was a mother with 3 kids that came in after me that was visiting for the first time asking general questions about signing up, price, etc and definitely got blown off. I'm not sure if the staff doesn't get breaks or if they get comfortable with the high amount of regulars that are there but 2 of 3 front desk girls were eating behind the service desk and 1 of the 2 employees in the track area was literally walking back and forth with a carry out tray nibbling with not a care in the world. Not professional... I really wish they could be more detailed and clear about what age group and experience levels should race with adults. A girl who looked about 12-14 raced with us- it was her first time and definitely was creating safety hazards on the track. I'm barely decent on the track but geez. Girl was all over the track and many drivers had to keep braking and almost collide with her because she was riding the middle. She probably completed about 3 laps versus the average 7-9 so her being on the track was a serious issue. The boyfriend paid for 2 games, I refused to stay for another so we will be returning for another round (no refunds). hopefully I get a better experience next time.
4	Came in for a private party and had a blast! They let us girls do our own round, which was nice since the guys can be a bit aggressive. The staff answered our questions and were very accommodating. The food for our party was surprisingly good. The carts are well maintained and very very fast. I've never been on a course like this. Might be more suited for teenagers and adults.
5	VLK is a great place for rental karting. The staff is typically pleasant and friendly to deal with. With the recent addition of a new fleet of karts, things are top notch.Keep up to date with the website and they always have leagues running, as well as 12 and 24 hour special events.You bring the money, they provide the helmet, firesuit and kart and along comes the entertainment!Recently along came the introduction of Pit Road Bar & Grill! They have a vast variety of legendary bar food and cold flowing adult beverages. Most of the barkeeps are friendly and easy to deal with.
5	Went here for a company event. Everyone had a great time. The staff was on point & had fun personalities. The bar was great & the bartenders were awesome! I liked that if your not into racing go karts there are games such as corn hole, foosball, and ping pong. There are huge glass windows so that you can sit anywhere inside and watch the races.
