5	* Early Morning appointments* Great staff* Prompt service* efficient appointments* Clean officeI haven't had any major work aside from regular cleanings & appointments...but she is my third dentist in pittsburgh, and the first one I haven't been weirded out by....
1	I came here for a filling after not having time to get it completed by my hometown dentist over Christmas break in early 2011. Not only was the filling $120 (no insurance), payment was demanded immediately upon exit, I also felt very disrespected by the office as a whole. The front staff is very curt and short. The gentleman who did my drilling had a patronizing and smart alleck attitude. When asking questions about the procedure he was doing, he mockingly imitated my voice (I am sorry I am not the most clear and articulate when I have a rod down my mouth getting a filling) to ask me what I said. He was very patronizing the whole time and unsympathetic to my legitimate worries I had seeing as this was the first time I went to a dentist other than the one I went to my entire life since childhood. I would never go back under any circumstance.EDIT: In my original review I stated this procedure was $250. The correct amount was actually $120. My apologies.
5	I haven't had a positive dental experience since I left Erie and moved to Pittsburgh. I have to say thank you Cynthia Labriola for making me excited to go to the dentist again! I was referred to this dentist by a friend that swore that she was the best. I had my doubts since I loved my dentist back home. I was mistaken for sure. The front desk people are incredibly friendly and personable. They asked me a few times how to say my name correctly because they wanted to make sure they pronounced it right, that meant a lot to me. They laughed with me when I told them I wanted to make my next appointment later than 8 am, and told me about them trying to drag themselves into work. It was just so friendly that I enjoyed my checking in and checking out experienceMy hygienist Theresa is amazing. Boy, when she told me she was going to really scrap my teeth, she really did scrap, and my teeth looked amazing. She was friendly, talkative, and informative about the new x-rays machine that they were using. I wouldn't change her for the world!A great office, a great location (to me), I would recommend this dentist to everyone!Looking forward to going back there in October!
5	No one likes going to the dentist.  Personally, I've never had a positive experience going to the dentist before.  However, not only was my check-up and cleaning with Dr. Monahan tolerable, it was downright enjoyable!  My appointment started EXACTLY on time, everyone in the office was very friendly and efficient, and Dr. Monahan took the time to explain everything and thoroughly examine my X-rays and teeth.  My hygienist was friendly, funny, efficient, and gentle.  I can't come up with one single complaint.After hearing countless horror stories about Pittsburgh dentists, I was expecting the worst.  But Dr. Labriola and Dr. Monahan's office is a well-oiled machine full of friendly employees.  If you're looking for a new dentist in Pittsburgh, I'd enthusiastically recommend this one.
