3	Offers what you'd expect from the Au Bon Pain chain.  Recent changes in how the sandwhich section works are a welcome improvement.  Their breakfast offerings are decent for the prize, while I've also heard their salads are pretty good.This particular location while not the prettiest does have good employees and tends to manage rush traffic rather well.
3	There are so many Au Bon Pains to choose from they can't all be gems.  This location just so happens to be my most frequented because it's located in my office building.I have noticed the bananas lately have been brown.  It's happened twice to where my banana was rotten on the inside.  I like the oj I think it's great but the pastries are not well stocked. To me it seems that no matter when I go in be it early or be it late they're always out of something. Au Bon Pain use to have a brie, grapes and cracker offering but I haven't seen it in a really long time. They also use to do a mozzarella with pesto and tomatoes in the little to go container they stopped selling that too.  With Au Bon Pain the quality is failing.
1	I'm not a huge fan of Au Bon Pain in general, but this one in particular is the worst. I walked in to find every employee on their phone, yelling across the store to eachother. Worse, yet, the entire store, from the door way, smelled of vomit. I made it to the line, but had to turn around as the smell was so pungent. I cannot speak to the product, but I can say, I would never go in there again.
4	Had a Thai peanut and chicken salad. Very good. The only thing I would change is I would add almonds. The dressing was delicious. It was fresh and the service was great. I love au bon pain and even though they're pricey I think it's worth it.
1	I eat at ABP usually at least twice a week while in Pittsburgh, PA. I usually go to the location down the street, but there is an ABP in 600 Grant St. that I go to for convience. I order the same thing usually, Thai Chicken Salad and recently, I've switched to a different dressing as a substitute. Most locations, either in Pittsburgh or in New York, will just mix Srichacha and BBQ sauce, as requested. The location in 600 Grant St. every time gives me a hard time and berates me for doing so. This is not a difficult or complex request; instead of the Thai Peanut Sauce, just add the BBQ & srichacha sauce. Upon asking for this, I was told "No." When I asked why, I was told "We don't do that." Upon further inquiry, your staff did not have an adequate response and repeated, "We don't do that. Other locations SHOULDN'T, and we don't." This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. If you want to charge me extra for the mixture of sauces, fine. But I was not given this option, instead, I was told flat out "No." I am furious that I ever have write such an idiotic complaint, but this is just ridiculous.Go ahead. See for yourself. If you like the Thai Chicken Salad, and enjoy srichacha and BBQ sauce (it's a great combo), order it and see the ensuring madness.
