1	I was promised a website  that was to be launched by the first of 04/12, Once I was not contacted and that date came and went, I contacted David Fox who said nothing but lies and continued to ask for more time to "complete" my website. By the second week of May 2012 I was fed up and fired Fox designs for Non Performance, Now they refuse to  return all my money as all they provide was a simple Joomba site. Here is there Mission statement as quoted from Foxdesignsstudio.com, "We do more than just great design....Fox Designs started as a company that specialized in web design.  Our staff is comprised of experienced communication specialists whom are experts in their fields.  On our staff is a wide array of professionals specializing in many different fields, such as Search Engine Optimization, custom web, flash and graphic design, online marketing, branding, printing, and so much more.  We ensure that our staff members are not only experienced and knowledgeable, but also friendly and reliable to make sure you have the best experience possible with every aspect of our company.  we have over a decade of experience in design and support and we put that experience and knowledge to work for you.  We are here to help your company grow by saving you time, money and helping to create a plan that will increase your company's revenue". If there was a way to give minus -5 Stars, I would do so. Please be cautioned not to use this company and let your family/friends/Co Workers about this company. Also, research any potential web design company. Shame on Dave Fox and Foxdesignsstudio.com for the complete opposite of there mission statement. I received no site and feel completely taking advantage of by you and your company. Also, there is no mention that you agreed your wrongdoing and offered "several free months of service'?  From Jeremiah having a baby, To you being out of town. You carried your excuses for months. If the above mission statement was true as stated you would make the customer happy, And in my case I'm due a full refund of the entire amount for non performance. Also, I hired another company who completed the entire website in a month! Who did exactly what I wanted, For a cheaper price. You should re-evaluate your mission statement. AVOID FOX DESIGNS RIPOFF STUDIO
5	I  have done hair in phoenix since 97 and specialized in Caucasian dreadlocks since 2006, which is not a common craft for most cosmetologists .I started with small social network profiles with gallery blogs to promote my work but knew as my skills had been sought after more and more , I needed to think bigger and give my craft a proper web site.  One morning at work I had an epiphany while working David Fox's dreadlocks. I had been telling Dave about the numerous clients who have found me after they had their dreads started at other shops, or by the wrong hands, I told him how I felt at fault for not putting myself out there, making it easier for them to find me first. God's timing was perfect!  I knew David was a web designer (he had never been pushy or sales pitchy towards me), and for lack of better description every thing just fell into place. I knew by his level of confidence, that I didn't even need to see his prior works and that I wanted to work with Fox Designs. I did have a trusted relative check out some of Fox Designs previous work and they were very impressed with the lay out and flow of the sites. I really had no idea of what I wanted other than I knew I needed a gallery to convey my work over the internet. David walked me though lay out options, made suggestions, was super positive, and realistic about the needs that we were addressing. I appreciate the way he and his team brain stormed further options even on the days of completing and fine tuning my website. I was already so excited and pleased with the way the site turned out then to be reassured the future of my website will be ever evolving by the constant flow of possibilities and ideas that come from Fox Designs, I knew I was in the right place!
5	After being burned by my previous design company, David and his team took over and my basic wordpress site was transformed into a top notch website that exceeded all of my expectations. Being in the salon industry first impression is important, and I always get compliments on what a fantastic website I have. They are always accomodating of all of my requests, and they even were able to get my site higher in rankings quickly. I don't have any complaints, and am so relieved to finally have found a company that delivers exactly what I want every time.
5	David Fox and his team have put together a professional, easy-to-manage website and marketing campaign for our business. They are easy to work with and very understanding of our needs.In the past we'd been burned by web design companies who outsourced a lot of their work. The prior company built a site for us that we were not able to manage by ourselves, and even the most minor change would take at least 48 hours to implement. After dumping thousands of dollars into our previous website, we were hesitant to start up with a new company. We knew David Fox from around town, however, and asked him for his help. He was quick to respond with a strategic plan tailored to our specific type of business (a law firm) to start up a new site and launch and expand our marketing campaign.David and his team set up a reasonable fee schedule, and designed a beautiful site. They take our suggestions seriously, and provide expert feedback and design advice. We're scheduled to go live with our new website soon, and we're very excited about the continuing relationship we've forged with their company. I highly recommend Fox Designs Studio services for web design and marketing!
5	David is a member of a Business Leads Group that I belong to as well as being my Law Firm's Web Designer.  Our business ebbs and flows, and David has worked with us in terms of working with our limited advertising budget.payment for his services.  He has enhanced our business and is great in taking our suggestions and making it a reality on our website.  He takes the time with his clients to really identify his their intended target market and knows how to bring them to the client's website.  He has a great reputation and is highly sought after.
