4	I'd highly recommend this place, you can build your own custom pizza with as many toppings no limit or choose from one of their speciality pizza's. in a hurry these guys cook them fast at 800degrees i believe.The staff is helpful and even remade my pizza for free after it fell out of the togo box outside. Was shocked to see such great customer service!! The pizza is big enough to share in my opinion unless you're really hungry. It might seem pricey but for the quality and freshness are better than the places you get pizza by the slice. HIghly recommend
5	AMAZING ! ! !   This place is a home run, best pizza I've eaten in as long as I can remember.  You can get white, wheat, or even gluten free crust, amazing toppings and the taste is out of this world.  The also have salads and dessert too.  The staff are super friendly, fast, and polite.  ASU students also get a discount.They used to play terribly depressing 80's music they play super loud.  They have since changed that and are playing contemporary stuff now.  Just found out they have a rewards program where you get free desserts and pizza after so many visits.  This place just gets better and better!
3	Very solid for personal pizza, its great for the college crowd.  Nice addition to the choices.  However, this is not award winning Napolitano pizza, and I'm a pizza snob.  If you keep that in mind you'll enjoy it.
4	"Not another pizza joint in Downtown Tempe?!"  I can hear it now, because I said it too the day I saw the coming soon signs.  But, hold the phone, this new pizza joint is a bit of an aberration.  Offering thin crust - made to order- pies, their mozzarella is whole milk, not shredded and smothered over the pizza like the standard slice, and their ingredients are fresh and they are made in lightning time.  We ordered our pizza and it was made in front of us and done by the time we sat down with our sodas.  Within 5 minutes easy-- making it an option for a fast lunch.  I'd recommend the Spicy Butcher for something with a little kick, but their other pizzas are good too.  (Gluten free crusts available for those into that trend.) This is a very nice addition to the "College Avenue mini-food court."
4	Great pizza, but overpriced. But what do I really love about this place? Cue the Arnold voice: "GET TO THE COOKIE! Do it now!" These cookies are more like 85% chocolate chip and 15% cookie which is perfectly fine by me. They're fresh hot and ready and it's impossible not to have a better day afterwards.The pizza? It is quite good and the crust is ideal for a thin crust. But for a personal pizza I think it's pricey, but I will say that it's about right for the location and the ingredients you get. You do not get much more for the premium pie so just opt for the special or basic pies. Don't forget your student ID for a discount. The place is small and seating is limited, which is expected for the location. More importantly, don't forget to add a cookie.
5	So let's get this straight. $8 gets me premium ingredients tossed onto fresh dough and at my table in 5 minutes? You've gotta be kidding me. Sounds too good to be true. But Za is just what you're looking for if you want a unique, filling meal with limited time. I tried the "Angry Bird", complete with gorgonzola, an interesting BBQ marinara, and marinated chicken. I have no regrets. If you're vegetarian, vegan, or even gluten free, they've got ya covered. Portions are generous as well. If you're expecting some of the fancy, neapolitan stuff from Pomo or Cibo, you're going to be disappointed. If you're looking for a fast lunch with above-average ingredients, this is amazing. Once I compare it to other, less adventurous pizza parlors, I've got no choice but to give it a 5/5. I'd totally come back.
4	A good personal pizza with quality ingredients, and I think its cool to see the process of your pizza being made right there like its a Subway.$8 feels expensive but in comparison to other places down College Ave. it seems fair.I hear the cookies are pretty good too.- I wish i can give an extra half star for the great music being played there as you wait for your order.
4	Came in looking to get a slice or two - they only offer (fairly large) personal pizzas so I got a salad instead. Adding chicken to a salad makes it cost more than a pizza does... But they didn't skimp on the chicken, the salad was fresh and the dressing was flavorful, so there's that. Good portion size too. No matter how full you think you'll get, DO NOT pass on a cookie. $1.50 gets you a large cookie that's crispy around the edges and perfectly gooey in the center, and packed with more chocolate than you thought possible. And they're kept under a heat lamp so they're always perfectly warm and melty.  Service was very friendly. Also, they ARE open on Sundays. Source: I wrote this while eating here on a Sunday.
3	I really want to love this place, but I just can't. I've been twice and ordered two different pizzas and both times I was completely underwhelmed. On top of that, my total for a pizza and drink at lunch was $9.50 and that was with $1 off from my ASU ID. I wish there was a smaller pizza for $5 or some sort of lunch special.
5	They remain just as amazing as every.  I feel sad that this place is empty when I go there.  It should be packed full of people enjoying the same experience I am.  I will not eat pizza anywhere else anymore.  I won't even make my from scratch pizza at home, I will just eat here.  You're missing out on the best pizza in the Valley if you haven't eaten here.
5	Went here today and did a make-your-own pizza. The quality of ingredients is great, and I love that they make the pizza right in front of you. It was like Subway but for pizza. Staff is friendly and helpful, and the pizza tasted great. Also had a slice of my friend's pie (can't remember what it was called but it had pablanos and  prosciutto)Though everyone raves about the cookies, they were a little dry and crunchy for my tastes, but I generally like mine molten. However, they do not skimp on the chocolate, which is great. There is not a lot of seating, especially for bigger crowds, so don't plan on going with a party larger than 3 or 4 people. It's right across the street from ASU, so a very short walk, especially for those on the north side of campus.On a side note, the establishment name has changed, it is now called "My Pie."
