1	OK, So I am normally a pretty big fan of Arby's. As far as fast food goes, its near the top of my list, but I will never go to this particular Arby's again. Everytime I go, something gets screwed up, and the last time I went everything about it pissed me off. I got a large drink with so much ice that I could'nt even get a straw into it, and once I managed too, there was about 2 ozs of liquid in a 32 oz cup. I asked for Arby, Horsey, and ketchup at the window, and ended up with 1 pack of Horsey. And I think for an $8 regular combo meal, they can throw a few sauces in. Very disappointed in Pecos and Windmill Arbys right now.
1	worst arbys location. a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait. it never fails. now if we didnt have places to be we would have gone inside and ordered our food and waited. they said they wanted the food to be fresh but 15 minutes later? really? in a drive thru? i think i will be going some place else next time. if anyone decides to go for some fast food here be sure to eat inside otherwise you will sit around out front waiting for just a "few moments" (but really 15 plus minutes) for your "fresh" food.
4	Kinda pricier than other Arby's I have been too. The lady here is really nice and has been here since 1988!!! Good food, clean restaurant, clean bathrooms, nice people, can't complain! Yum yum Arby's!
3	Curly Fries was delicious!
3	Its only an Arbys. So this will only be a quick review. No matter where we live in Las Vegas we have an Arbys within a 10 minute drive. Years ago, Arbys left the New York City market. Now that they opened a store in Bellmore, NY; New Yorkers are driving a distance for the Arbys experience. The Arbys of today is a different restaurant than I remember in New York. They greatly eliminated their popular signature menu items for new market fresh items. Maybe the Wendy's merger had something to do with it. Delicious menu items like the super beacon roast beef and cheeseburger (they had delicious cheeseburgers) have been replaced by reubens, roast turkey, and other market sandwiches that remind me more of Wendys. Fortunately,  they still serve the beacon cheddar roast beef sandwich. That is my Arby's sandwich of choice. My critique is that they not charge an extra dollar for more roast beef.  This Arbys shares the parking lot with Pecos Legacy Car Wash. After scrubbing off presents from pigeons and the elements,  eating here is a nice reward for hand washing my car. Thats all I have to say.Yelp Challenge: Review 41 of 100.
2	Ok, now i have to say I am a big Arby's fan.  Love this place normally just not this particular location.  The drive thru line is long.  Staff isn't exactly friendly and for some odd reason the food just tastes bland.  I tried to get through the drive thru in the short amount of time I had for lunch and it was funny to watch the Del Taco next doors line move faster with more people in it than this Arby's.
3	Thought I'd give Arby's a chance for lunch. The food was as good as ever. It's been a while.  Only three stars. Minus one for the wait.  Minus one for no WiFi. Where do you go today that doesn't offer free WiFi?
3	Good for a quick lunch.I have come to know this particular location as "the good Arby's".  It's the only one in the valley that is consistently decent.  The place is mostly clean, the food is okay for what it is, and the staff are nice.
2	one word... SLOW! 15 minute wait for 2 sandwiches? "We're all out of turkey" then "We're all out of ham" and I'm all out of patience!
1	BIG, NASTY BLACK HAIR in my curly fries. PO'D! Let us not speak any longer of this incident.
