4	I've had to deal with their customer service department a few times this week. I just moved and transferred my service to my new locale. The service was initiated at the new place, but was left on at the old place as well. I had to navigate through the barrage of prompts and menus, but when I did get to the human part of the experience, they were warm, friendly, and I even got a sense of "They actually give a fuck". Both times I talked to a person, I didn't have to wait too long on hold. They both asked me what I preferred to be called, (Nicholas or Nick), and used my name a few times across the conversation. They each helped me with 2 different problems right after another, without a grump or a "please hold while I connect you to someone who can do that for you". All and all, definitely pleasant experience. I think Cox has the best telephone support I've dealt with. (maybe it's because Big Brother is listening to them.. but none the less..."
1	Whoever named this company was absolutely spot on, because the last 6 phone calls I have made to these people have connected me to giant cockbagdoucheyasshats.Lets talk about customer service for a minute.. more specifically how there is no absolute definition but rather that it is often seen as an activity, performance measurement and a philosophy. That is why, generally speaking, one single customer service definition does not exist.. Here are some definitions of customer service in use today:"Customer service is the ability to provide a service or product in the way that it has been promised""Customer service is about treating others as you would like to be treated yourself""Customer service is an organization's ability to supply their customers' wants and needs""Customer Service is a phrase that is used to describe the process of taking care of our customers in a positive manner""Customer Service is any contact between a customer and a company, that causes a negative or positive perception by a customer""Customer service is a process for providing competitive advantage and adding benefits in order to maximize the total value to the customer""Customer Service is the commitment to providing value added services to external and internal customers, including attitude knowledge, technical support and quality of service in a timely manner""Customer service is a proactive attitude that can be summed up as: I care and I can do."Okay, now can someone tell me who hired the m-f-ers that are supposed to be customer service agents here because Cox is sucking major ass with this, and for the record, I am currently unemployed and I know for a goddamn fact that I could easily do their jobs a million times better even if all I had to work with was Braille. It is not hard. You deal with cable television. DVR's. Phones. Internet.. seriously.. this shit has been around for years and it is not difficult to maintain... get your shit together Cox, and don't give me the run around by transferring me to 17 different assholes that essentially all transfer me back to a bitchy robot that "didnt understand what I said".. all I ask is that I have functioning internet, and when I call you to tell you that my connection is wak, fix it. What the hell else am I paying you for? Mini rant over.. internet cafe, thank you for your assistance.
2	Subsequently if you allow your reviews to post to Twitter, more importantly the shitty ones, you will most likely get followers and DM's from Co. reps.. Within 10 minutes of posting my previous review on Cox, I had 2 reps contact (and follow) me asking if I still needed help with my internet, and also to assure me that "I wont have anymore issues".. we'll see about this, but I had to add another star for that. Although its wicked awesome that this happened, I do not feel that Twitter is the most logical place for tech support. (Although this is yet another reason that I love it).I am done talking about these people now.
1	Horrible customer service.  The right hand doesn't left doing.  I just wish they would have some way to compensate someone for lost time or mishandled calls.  Their service is included in my rent so I have no control over who I get to choice for an ISP however when I do, they will not be my ISP.  I have little to nothing good to say about them as my experience with them in Arizona has been terrible.  They had to drop a new line for service however they left me hanging without service for over 2 weeks and I work out of my home.  All they could say was, "we're sorry".  well that's not good enough for me which is the reason I wrote this.  Thank you for listening to me complain.  I honestly will not be using them for service in the future.
1	Aside from all the other complaints I have about Cox (see my review of the Cox storefront if you're interested) I have to say that for a television content provider, it is remarkably difficult to find out what is on or what time something in particular is on if you go to the Cox homepage.Often I am at my computer (internet provided by...Cox) and I want to find out what time a game starts and what channel it is on.  As far as I can tell, from the Cox homepage where I am already signed in (so they know who I am, where I am and what kind of service I have) it takes a minimum of eight steps to get to TV listings.  Can websites be obstinate?
2	Cox is terrible. For the tier 1 internet their download speed is ok if not a bit of overkill but their upload speed is a joke. I think it tests something like 1.5mb down/256k up. The 256 being an arbitrary cap because they think all of their customers are idiots who just download music from limewire. There are other internet options but to get decent UP you have to double the price.The COX internet is crap because Comcast provided me with 6mb down 2.8 mb up internet for close to the price i am paying Cox.The TV is not too bad but I do get a random quarter second delay in the video feed from time to time. I get no DVR service with the moderate package i chose. I believe with satellite at the same price range I would have a DVR. Forget about getting the HD package I only have an undergraduate degree I dont make PHD money... which is what it would take to afford Cox HD. The Cox On Demand service is a joke. Not only is it way over priced compared to just using Netflix but every time I go to use it to watch a movie the background comes up but no options. I have to do a cold boot on the box in order for it to load the On Demand properly. Cox uses contractors... lots of contractors who never.. ever get the job done right. I have had Cox installed twice both by contractors and neither time did it work properly. When I complained they sent out a real Cox employee who said the contractor did not even do what he said he was going to do which was go in the attic and connect my bedroom outlets since they had no signal. The real employee did fix the problem but told me if the master bedroom was not connected he could not fix it because "there are lots of rafters up there". Luckily it was already connected but give me a break.. you want me to pay you for a service you are not going to set up properly?Comcast gave me much better internet and much more reliable TV/OnDemand services for a lower price. Comcast did use contractors as well and they were dumb too. I know this is not a review of Comcast but it was not until I had their service in another state that I realized how bad Cox was.
1	Crap cable service, go with Dish you will be way better off. Customer service is horrible, you have to keep calling back until you get someone who knows what they are talking about. Believe me, I do this because many of the representatives were not technically savvy when they were hired. Something is always going out and prices are too dang high.
1	Horrible customer service. Everytime I call I get the run around. I finally cancelled my  cable service with them after having so many billing mistakes and getting the feeling that no one cared about my problems.
1	I am not sure how they can call this "Customer Service" when there is NO service. I have spent the good part of the noon hour - on hold - still on hold for 20 min so far waiting to cancel my phone service - this is the 2nd time today on hold for this long. So, in between this time and the previous call - I decided to do a test and call Cox but selecting the option to order new services. The result - I was on hold for less than 2 minutes. So it appears they don't care how they treat their existing customers. I was only planning on dropping my phone at this point - now I might have to just look into other options for TV and Internet. I have been a customer for too many years.
1	I've moved around a lot, and I've had just about every major cable company out there.  COX is the worse I've ever had.  Customer service doesn't exist.  Install was supposed to be free, but the jerk on the phone said that I should be able to install it myself.  BTW:  I'm not a techy person, and I told him this, but he pretty much refused to send an install tech, and told me I had to do it myself,  to go to the store and pick up the equipment.  So I go pick up the equipment, get it all set up, as directed.  The master bedroom cable outlet doesn't work.  Oh that will be $75.00, but if they had actually come out for the install, it would've been free.  Another problem arose, Oh that will be another $75.00. I said, "No."  I had Geek Squad come out and fix everything.Then I start having outages EVERYDAY, loss of internet and cable, and a lot of pixalization (screen freezing and digitizing little boxes).  A neighbor had put up a flyer saying he was having problems with COX, but was told by them they wouldn't check it out unless they had more complaints, but they had given him a credit for bad service. So I called, and the jerk said if I wanted someone to come out it would be $75.00. I cancelled my service, and went with Direct TV.  I'd heard both bad and good things about them, but I figured they couldn't be any worse than COX.  So far, so good, about six months with them so far.  Unfortunately, still haven't found good internet, I switched to Century Link, and they SUCK as well. Another weird little tidbit, every single time I called, it was like I got the same jerk who was very rude with attitude. I must of called at least five times.
1	I've been with Cox pretty consistently over the past 2 years, and I have dealt with their semi-horrible, inconsistent customer service that whole time because they basically have a monopoly on semi-decent service here. No more. Like an idiot I forgot to make a payment, and next thing I know they cut off my service.. and I could understand that. I made the payment and went on my merry way. That was a month ago.. and then today they cut off my service again. Lo and behold, they supposedly never got my payment (even though it posted in my bank account) and on top of it they're charging me a few "reactivation fees" which the previous morons I dealt with at Cox never once mentioned when I called them about this previously - making my payment triple. After dealing with several short, rude, sarcastic reps today (INCLUDING a really rude supervisor, which is what pushed me over the edge) I finally had it and canceled my service. I could care less about them cutting off my service, or about the late fees - like I said, that was MY mistake. However the awful customer service? THAT is NOT my problem. If I treated my customers like that at work, I honestly wouldn't have a job anymore. I already have one of those lame crickett internet sticks and it's already more consistent than the Cox service. I guess I'm going to have to go to Century Link eventually. They sent some reps around my neighborhood a few weeks ago and they were a) really nice and b) really knowledgeable.Good job Cox - you quite literally drove me to your competition. I realize it sucks to deal with people day in, day out, but don't treat me like crap when I'm one of the reasons you get a paycheck.
1	Terrible equipment and quality. We tried Cox for TV because we moved and our association did not allow satellite dishes. Unbelievable as to how poor the quality of the picture was, the noise of the box, and the technical issues. How can satellite be better than a hard wired system. Our box had to be reset on a regular basis, was very noisy, and very hot. I called Cox so often that I had their number taped to my remote. When the technicians came out they said they could give us a new box but there were more complaints about the new box so they did not recommend it. When I called customer retention they could care less so we are paying $160 early termination fee. Don't use Cox Communications for TV or Internet. My folks used Cox of internet (both in their 80s) and their modem went out. My mom used them for email only. Cox wanted 59.95 for a new modem and 59.95 to install it. They were paying $53.95 for monthly service (email only). I called customer retention to see if they would just give her a new modem and they said they don't do that anymore. I switched her to a different ISP. Why don't they care? They could have made a lot more money by giving her a modem...
1	Cox added showtime to my bill last year, without my permission or request. I don't even have a receiver for it in my home. I just called yesterday to order hbo and showtime and this is when i was informed i'd been paying for showtime at $15 per month for 18 months! No apology no nothing, just a refund of $31! They said by me paying the bill, i am agreeing to the terms. I told them I didn't expect them to rip me off. Watch your bill closely people, you'll get burned.
1	Cox is a business that truly lives up to its name.  And, no, that's not a good thing.Their "preferred" internet speeds are slower than standard services that other companies offer, their link to register for an account to pay online is broken, and when you call-in to pay a bill via the automated system, you get disconnected (even on a Sunday morning) due to "high call volume."  Even further, I was told that I would get a free installation, and instead they sent me a self-installation kit and had the nerve to charge me for it!  It is without reservation that I affirm that Cox sucks.
1	Awful. Awful. Awful. Awful. They are an AWFUL company with a MARGINAL, overpriced product and what appears to be way too close to a monopoly on the Valley cable market.I agree with every Poster's experience. Recently I was severely overcharged via an "AutoPay" checking account transaction. Literally they dipped-in and removed nearly DOUBLE the amount they should have! To add insult to injury, they made the unilateral, ignorant decision to KEEP/credit my cash rather than immediately return the amount to my checking account.  It cost me a tremendous amount of time in repeated phone calls, terrible stress, and skimping on GROCERIES for the week it took them to fix their error!!DISGUSTING.And as warning - truly do not ever enroll in AutoPay!!  The Banks consider it "At your own risk" - and Cox apparently knows this:  they haphazardly commit egregious errors in which they grossly OVERPAY themselves "by mistake."   Additionally, the billing cycles starts 60 minutes after the last one,  which  means you're ALWAYS in a billing-cycle and can NEVER REMOVE Auto-Pay! I had to shut-down my whole Visa/Debit Card - that's what Shiesters they are!!! I'm just about ready to make the leap to Dish.Can't wait. Bye from me, Cox.
