5	After experiencing the services of Anna, it makes me not ever ever EVER want to go back to a regular nail salon again. Why?- It's one on one service in a calm environment because Anna has her own salon suite.  It's just her and her client and all her own equipment.- I didn't feel like a number in a busy salon where the nail tech is just trying to do is get me in and out.  She takes pride in her work and makes sure that you are satisfied with her work.- Anna is high tech and has a website to schedule your services online that is super easy to use.-  My hands and feet are happy with my regular pedicure and gel manicure.Conclusion:  Anna will give you one on one attention and treat you right!!Side rant for those OTHER nail salon(s):I will not be treated poorly by Salon(s)-that-shall-not-be-named in this post  like...- making me wait 40 minutes after my appointment and still not receiving service (message if you'd like specifics on this one)- being bored with your work (many salons)- talking on your cell phone while doing work- Sloppy work- making me bleed
5	Anna Z James gives the BEST pedicures I have ever had - period!  She is that good!!!  Anna's is also awesome doing fingernails - she does Gels and acrylics or just a nice manicure.Creations by Anna Z-James is located in the Studio Salons - on Tropicana Ave., inSuite 116.  702 927 8831.Anna is caring, very professional, she has her own darling little Suite that is private and relaxing.  Give Anna a try, you won't be sorry.She is THE BEST.
5	Great service! Friendly atmosphere, love coming to see Anna! Always get gel manicure and it stays for at least 2 weeks, if not longer
5	Ann's the best! She has been so great creating cool new designs for my toes and is very skilled in the gel french manicure department, I recommend her to all my clients. Thanks for keeping my paws and claws pretty Anna.
5	I love going to Anna!  Her room is clean and I trust that I won't get any funky fungus.  She's pleasant to talk with and ALWAYS does a great job.  Perfect paint...great shape....and my feet feel as smooth as a baby's bottom!  I've had pedicures, manicures, and gel polish manicures and have always had a great experience.  I'm kind of boring and opt for mostly neutral colors and have never had her do any nail art, although she does a great job if you're into it!  Check out her portfolio of her work!  Also, she does a perfect french manicure, freehand!  You know what I mean by perfect, not too thick on the tips, not uneven, just pretty!  :)  Thanks, Anna!
5	We all know that saying, "You get what u pay for"well at Creations by Anna Z-James, she is worth every bit u pay for! I have only been going to Anna since December 2012 but I will never go anywhere else to get my pedicures! She is by far the best! She takes her time, she makes u feel welcome, her studio is very clean and she is very friendly and personable. I have told all my people about her and highly recommend her. If your dawgs need a good scrubbing n cleaning then some prettying up, Anna is the gal for it! She's not afraid to get a job well done. Enough of my who-ha-ing, get on it and set up your appointment and go see her, you will not regret it!!
5	Never have I had gel manicures (hand) and regular nail polish (toes) both last over a month!  I love showing Anna new nail designs that I've found on Pinterest so that she can create them on my nails and make them look great!My appointments with Anna are always fun times.  She's so much fun to talk to.  I won't go anywhere else!
5	Best in Vegas!!! Love her location, has a wide range of colors by OPI and China Glaze. And if you need a dope design, she is the person to go to! You can also schedule online too!!
5	I've been going to Anna for over three years now and she's never disappointed me. She's very clean and on time. She's funny & I enjoy just talking with her while she's doing my nails.
