3	After a bad experience with a closer Clarion Inn, I settled on this Best-Western.For being smack dab in the middle of the hood, it was pretty decent. The Front Desk staff was polite and friendly. The room was clean. No evidence of vermin. (I am always scared of hotels for this reason...) And finally, it was quiet, which was quite surprising considering it's location.I can't say that it's the best place ever though as the TV was in pretty poor shape. Old, and fuzzy which is extremely odd for having cable...The price was above average for the area, but they do provide their rooms with a mini-fridge, coffee maker, and even an iron/board in the room.So if you want a decent night sleep for a so-so price, then this location isn't so bad.
3	My husband and I stayed here while attending an expo at the Mesa convention center.  Location was great.  Many great places to eat on Main Street.  As for the hotel itself, it was older and outdated.  Rooms were equipped with mini-fridge, microwave and ironing board.  Our room was located overlooking the pool.   Only real complaint was that we were in a nonsmoking room and ashtrays were on the balconies under guests windows.  Woke up this morning and room reeked of cigarettes.  Perhaps designating one area away from guests room would be much better.
1	Ewww... Double Ewwww... Which is tough to say. The rest of the In-law family stayed here with the help of some libated sterilizing ( don't care what that really means, i'm comfortable suggesting we drank enough to not mind the rooms ). Didn't see "room service" for the three days we were there and the In-laws had a camera stolen from their room.    BUT, we had great company so we didn't leave.   Next time, I'm planning the trip.
5	So you're not getting a luxury hotel, obviously, you're getting a Best Western. But as far as that tier of hotel goes, this is almost certainly the best I've stayed at. Everything was clean in our room and in the public areas. All the appliances (including the AC) were present and fully functional for our entire trip. Wifi was free, and worked without any issue (alright, it was a little slow one evening, but not to the point that you couldn't use it.) The pool was warm, and moderately large (it could've used a bit of cleaning, but still useable). Breakfast was also free, and surprisingly expansive. Beds weren't the greatest beds ever, but they were pretty comfortable, still. And for all that, still crazy cheap per night. If you see this review, and you're still tempted to stay across the street at the cheaper Travelodge across the street (like I did, the first year I went to this event)... don't. It's worth it to be here instead. Everything I mentioned above, was a difference I noticed between this hotel and the one on the other side of the street. (Well, except the cheap part. The Travelodge certainly had that covered, it just failed on every other level, while this place succeeded at pretty much everything.) We've actually stayed here three times now, and it's been great all three times! (Great relative to other cheap hotels, obviously, not compared to fancier and more expensive hotels. But sometimes you really just don't need the glitter, and want to save money, and this place does its job admirably. Not all do.) Super convenient to downtown Mesa, too, which is why we stay here.
4	Pros: room was clean, the area was quiet, free breakfast was good, the pool was nice and clean, the staff was respectful, and prices were affordable. Cons: beds were not the most comfortable, the tub didn't drain quickly enough during showers, and we had to swipe our room key multiple times before the door opened. Our stay turned out to be a better experience than we expected.
5	Tried two other hotels in this price range in Mesa, Mezona was by far the best. room was spacious, clean and quiet. Check in was simple and quick. excellent TV channel lineup and their system worked with our Netflix. Had all the amenities we needed. didn't use pool or hot tub but they looked good. Excellent value! Next visit to Mesa we will definitely stay here.
4	The staff up front was kind, the room was decent, the AC got the room cold fast, and breakfast was decent -- even a little more selection than others I've stayed at on this trip.Overall, it met our expectations.
3	One of the lower quality Best Westerns I have been to but not bad. Its about an upper end Super 8. The rooms were basic and instead of individually wrapped soaps and shampoos, there are dispensers on the walls-mystery liquids. I refused them, the lotion was junk. They had a hair drier, light up mirror,  iron and board. The beds were very comfortable and loaded with pillows. The bedding was worn. The room smelled smokey. The A/C didnt get cold enough to compensate for Mesas 113 degree heat and the room felt very humid to me. Not many tv channels. Fridge worked well. Carpet was FILTHY. Took off shoes and walked from door to bathroom, feet bottoms were black. Breakfast was good, half of it supplied by costco. Free cookies in the office. Baby crib is an extra $10 a night +1.25ish tax . Since when is AZ tax 12%? We only paid $50 a night bit I think I got a special.  Its worth 50 a night, it is motel quality. It is nowhere near the level of other Best Westerns I have stayed at. Cheap for downtown mesa.
1	This hotel is gross. I stayed here 3 days and nights to the most uncomfortable and miserable stay ever. I walked in the room and the carpet was ripped and it had a funny smell. Went over to the lounging chair they had in the room and saw. It was covered in stains. The bed was the same. Covered in random colored stains. I was very angry that I had to sleep in this bed. I took the sheets off and requested new ones.  I came back the next day and I still had the same dirty sheets on my bed. There were so many stand I found some on the wall and in the restroom all over the walls. These walls stands were all brown and resembled blood. I called the front desk and clean my room a little better. I came back to the same sheets I had on the first two days. I couldn't wait to check out of this hotel. Not to mention that the walls are paper thin and the couples on both sides of me we're going to town while they were out of town. Best Western needs to close this hotel and redo everything.
