4	This is the place that rich people come to do all their shopping (I mean if i could afford to I might too).  This is an upscale specialty grocery store (I think it might be a chain, so if you think you have seen one somewhere else than you probably have) that has a great selection of prepared foods, deli items, seafood, and a large bulk nut, candy, and spice section.  The produce here is expensive and not the best in town, but everything else they offer is top quality.  Think of this a a larger, cheaper Dean and Deluca- the perfect place to pick up something to take to a cocktail or dinner party (the have a decent beer and wine selection).
3	This is an upscale grocery store, with upscale pricing.  I'm just not sure I can buy into the value proposition.  To their credit....you can usually find a few oddball (like pink peppercorns) items that you are not likely to find in the mainstream supermarkets.
5	I first discovered Fresh Market when I lived in Orlando and was excited to find that there were a couple in Charlotte.  They're actually a chain, but they have the look and feel of a locally owned and operated food/veggie market.  You walk in and it's got that local feel to it.  The lights aren't super bright, so you don't feel like you're in a warehouse.  It's actually very calming and brings a smile to my face.  I like shopping for fresh fruits and vegetables here because the prices are comparable to those at Harris Teeter so I don't feel like I'm being ripped off by shopping at a "specialty" store.  They also have many organic and natural options available.  Browsing the aisles, I find items that I don't normally find in regular grocery stores and, finding something new and/or unusual inspires me to cook something different for dinner.  After I've decided what to cook, I can wander over to the wine section and pick out something that pairs up with my food choices.  They also have a huge variety of freshmade breads, soups, salads, cheeses, meats, coffee beans, and even flowers.  I go in for a few vegetables and end up walking out with a complete dinner with bread and wine accompaniments...and a bouquet of flowers for the table!
4	I'd call this a "Pricey Grocery Store" if there were any cheaper alternatives other than Wal-Mart.  But with Harris Teeter dominating the area, Fresh Market's prices are actually fairly median.  You do have to be careful not to get carried away here, as there are some items that sell for significantly more than at other places.  But for the most part, you'll only spend more because they have tastier stuff to offer.Granted, you can find a jar of honey from Italy for $9, but you can find a cheaper alternative for a reasonable price.  It's simply fun to discover food at Fresh Market.  Did you know that Albanian red peppers mix with mangos to make a fantastic chutney?  Well now you do!  Their produce and fresh bread are the best I've found in the area.  It blows Harris Teeter out of the water.  The pre-made bruschetta and pasta salads can get soggy depending on what day of the week you stop by.  But for the most part, you can count on anything offered behind the glass.  For such a small building, they supply a good variety of beer and wine.  Harris Teeter next to the South Park mall still has more to offer, but then, you can trust the lunch meat you get at Fresh Market as well.Bottom line, I don't buy the organic, responsible trade agreement toilet paper at Fresh Market.  But I do come here for most everything I put in my fridge.
4	A careful selection of high end items. The meat department has a pretty spectacular display of beef and pork filets and seafood.  The spice aisle was also very impressive.  I will keep this on my list of places to go for hard-to-find items or when I need a fresh perspective on grocery shopping.  But I probably won't shop here on a regular basis because it's pretty darn pricey.
4	My initial impression of the Fresh Market was that it is a cross between Earth Fare and Dean and Deluca. The atmosphere was more "Farmer's Market/Country Store," but also caters to higher end shopping and quality products. I definitely enjoyed smelling a nice aroma of coffee as I entered and getting a little sample to sip on while checking out the rest of the store. They have a colorful display of multiple bins filled with beans, nuts, dried fruits, and candy. It was appealing to me and I found myself drawn to this section. I felt like a little kid all wide-eyed and happy looking at the selection of everything. The produce section was big and looked very fresh. They had a great meat/seafood section as well. The bakery had delicious looking cakes and a nice selection of breads. It seems like the prices are comparable to many of the other stores I have visited and they seem to have a nice selection of products. Granted, items add up quickly and certain items are definitely pricey. If you intend to shop for more healthy, sustainable, organic products you will have to do some label reading at Fresh Market. While they do offer those types of products (they do a great job of making everything look healthy, delicious, and earth-friendly), they also stock their shelves with mainstream, processed foods as well.
5	This is an every weekend must for me!The deli is so good; the perfect presentation always helps, but I love shopping here.  It has a great home feeling to it; it can be pricey, but I love grilling out and picking a dinner from here.
1	For the record, my  number of stars primarily is based on customer service.My first Fresh Market was in South Carolina, and it was an oasis. Many happy memories. Because of my past experience, I kept giving this Fresh Market additional chances; although I encountered a few helpful employees (I must mention Maria, a beautiful gem of a human being), the overall impression given is "we don't care and we're smarter/richer/better than you."This ambience extends even into the parking lot. I have rarely had as many opportunities for "road rage" as I have been given in this parking lot. Yes, they have good food. So does Harris Teeter. And I've literally been welcomed at HT with open arms.I do not plan to return to the Providence Road Fresh Market--EVER.
1	Worms in Bulk Roasted Salted PeanutsThe Fresh Market is up to their old tricks again. I worked at a store many moons ago, they use to freeze some bulk items to kill bugs. This always kinda freaked me out. I was given a big bag ($5.99) of their Roasted Salted Peanuts the other day, I was hesitant at first but had to try the nuts......about my second hand full I got a freezer burned peanut.......those jerks are still killing bugs in the freezer after all these years........warning it's not just Bulk Roasted Salted Peanuts they do this to.......yuck!
5	I have to say that the ambiance itself makes this one of the most pleasurable grocery shopping experiences I have ever had. It reminds my wife and I so much of shopping in that little grocery you saw Cameron Diaz shopping in while she was in England in THE HOLIDAY. And the music is just so relaxing. The various aromas combine to make an extremely pleasurable experience. And you have to love the candy aisle. All the old timey jars and various candy that you remember from when you were a kid. The bread is fresh, the bakery has extremely wonderful things and even the flowers that I bring home as often as I can seem to last a little longer than they do from other places. But this is the only location that seems to have this feel so I will continue to shop only in the store on Providence Road.
5	I walk in here and immediately want to....EAT ALL THE THINGS!!!  I was here recently with my girlfriend who I can't thank enough for turning me on to this place.  We walked to the back where the bakery and fresh food was and I nearly combusted right there on the spot due to the excitement by eyes were beholding.  I instantly noticed the eclairs and was like YES...one right now!  I asked the young lady behind the counter, "can I just eat this right here?"....unfortunately the answer was no :(.  This isn't your typical grocery store and you won't find everything you need if you go here on your weekly run probably but they have the most interesting foods and it would be an ideal lunch location for a fresh, quick bite to eat.  Also a nice medication for those days when your sweet tooth takes over.  Some of the best pastries I've ever seen and dare I say better than Amelie's?  IMO, yep!  Try the freeze dried okra chips...they are full pieces of okra, dried and taste fantastic....ridiculously addictive.Fresh Market is indeed fresh as the day is long!
4	I love Fresh Market!!! I wish there was one closer to uptown but this one is worth the drive. The selection of fruits and veggies is out of this world - i love heirloom tomatoes in season!!! There is a WALL of salad dressings for those of us that like to 'shake things up' har har. There is a great section in the store for gift baskets for your favorite soccer mom or teacher which I am sure can be custom made with items in the store. The bakery is so reminiscent of Amelies....such blatant food porn! The prices are SUPER reasonable and this is a great stop for all of you granola-heads out there in search of different mixes! Love it!
3	I'm on the fence, but I haven't given The Fresh Market much of a chance.  I always associate it with a lot of high end "frou frou" ingredients and organics that rich people consume, but I was in here the other day to pick up a six pack of beer.  I was pleasantly surprised by the selection.  I may need to make another trip since they have a ton of stuff to look at as far as specialty ingredients.Not a huge fan of the whole place because it feels like I'm shopping in a cavern, but I'll give it a couple more visits before I discount it entirely.
2	Very surprised at the prices at the Fresh Market - Wish they were justified! The staff, mainly the younger staff, are not very friendly or helpful.  I have found the exact same products at Earthfare to be much cheaper. It will be very interesting to see what happens to FM when the much loved and long awaited Whole Foods Market comes to Charlotte.
5	Finally, REAL CROISSANTS!For a long time I had given up finding authentic french, light & flaky, buttery delicious croissants in Charlotte supermarkets. They all offered up nothing but insults. Harris Teeter in particular should NOT be allowed to refer to that depressing roll of dough as a croissant. I feel the same about their "italian" bread, but anyway.....Someone who shared my pain directed me to Fresh Market. Once I found it, I realized why I'd never come across it before. It is terribly hidden from the road in a quiet little shopping area behind the woods and near some residential complex. The pastry section is spectacular! Behold, real FRENCH croissants!They are delicious, and I venture there twice a month to buy them in boxes of 4 to put in the freezer for breakfasts. They even have real rugelach..traditionally prepared!THANK YOU Fresh Market :)
5	Yes, there is a Whole Foods down the street, and No, I'm not taking my business away from Fresh Market.I know, the hype of the big grocers is tempting but the level of service, neighborhood establishment, and the meat department will keep me at the Fresh Market.  When I make chili in the winter, I make a big batch with a couple different types of ground meat.  I was surprised to see that whole foods couldn't provide me ground turkey and ground pork on a Friday night.  It was my first trip there and I quickly left and went to the reliable Fresh Market on Providence.  I have never had an issue getting unique cuts for important dinners.They also have a great wine selection, fresh produce, and wonderful breads.  I'll stick to the ones that don't let me down!
4	This past Friday was my first time at a Fresh Market store. Their prices are similar to Earth Fare's and Whole Food's. A bit expensive, but it was worth the trip. Great selection of snacks overall. They also have good sales going on every week.
5	My favorite grocery store and wine shop! I remember shopping with my mother at the fresh market as a young girl in Winston - Salem, NC, so that's part of the reason I love this place so much. They haven't changed a bit in 25 years. They still offer scoop coffee, yummy candy, and have an excellent produce section and wine selection. I'm here on a weekly basis and look forward to strolling the isles each time I come.
2	had the rotisserie chicken last fall was very slimy and not as good as the fresh market in Cornelius which is great. The sides are not as good as they once were
4	The Fresh Market is a gem of a store - it took a while for me to notice it nestled behind the gas station, but I went there at last after being referred by a friend. The ambiance of the store is interesting, with subdued lighting and classical music playing over the radio. The coffees and nuts are very aromatic, and their selection of organic foods/groceries and wines is pretty good. I highly recommend stopping by the dessert section in the back too (the cake pops and cannoli are incredible). As far as some of the comments below on service, I've not had a bad experience yet (the lady in the pastry section is fantastic). Check it out if you get a chance.
3	The Fresh Market joins the ranks of supermarkets/stores that are best enjoyed or experienced infrequently. I'd say the main reason would be the idea of crossing off every item on a grocery list here would be much more expensive than other spots. Hey, I get it. That's what they're all about. Most of our trips to The Fresh Market tend to comprise a bag less than 10 items....and there's nothing wrong with that. I will say that I'm happy to find an assortment of Vosges chocolate here. A difficult brand to track down, or at least track down the more reputable flavors/varieties. I'd say one of my favorite aspects of shopping here is the ambiance. Feels more like an Italian market or a few other boutique markets I've shopped at before. Feels less like you're buying name brand stuff. A-OK in my book.
4	Fresh Market is nice.It has a nice atmosphere.I can find a good selection of baking supplies like Fruit Tarts, tart shells, and vanilla bean paste.They remind me of Healthy Home Market with extraNot a big wine selectionThey sell dried okra and dried green bean chipsTheir roast beef sandwich in the deli is DELICIOUS!They have taffy! They also have a large selection of fresh coffees!Will shop there in the future.
2	so I bought a bag of romaine lettuce, came home opened the bag to find all of it welted, even gotten a salad that had half of it all welted, they used to be better, but i have noticed over the years freshness and customer service started going down :( sucks, used to love this place...
5	Love their blueberry cornbread. I've had to custom order it the last few times because it sells out so fast but it's worth it. Love the brining mix, the sugar cake, tea biscuits, Smithfield ham and fresh pies!
