4	This place is very good. I only gave it 5 stars because it's not worthy of it, meaning you don't get an out of body experience when eating here. I have to hand it to them though, their Manapua is really good. But then again there are no other places in Vegas to compare it to, so they get mega props on that. The chicken katsu is good but I don't like the after taste it leaves in your mouth and the hamburger is the same way, you are left burping it up all night, some sort of garlicky flavor and that drives me insane. The hawaiian bbq chicken is good. The saimin sucks, they don't give much and it has a weird taste. They sell malasadas but if you've ever ate malasadas from Hawaii, then you will think these are "ok i guess". They have daily plate specials for $4.95. Oh and the curry plates are righteous and the macaroni salad has taste!
4	This place is great.  The service is always friendly and quick.  The daily specials are awesome and at $5.50, one of the best deals in town.  Wednesdays the special is BBQ salmon and you get two or three big pieces of salmon and three sides!  For $5.50...seriously, how can they even do that?  It is really a treat.  And they have great boba tea too.  I recommend this place to friends and family a lot!
5	I love this place. Vegas has a large Hawaiian population, so there are Hawaiian restaurants all over the place. I've tired many places, but was never satisfied. But this spot here is great. Love it. I want to eventually try their other locations, but for now I only go to the Green Valley spot. I'm a regular there now. My fave thing there is the salmon plate - I get that plate regularly (and never forget the teriyaki sauce, that sauce is so good). I can eat a plate of that every week if I could. Also...On different days of the week they have a plate special...$4.99 per meal/plate (for the dish of the day) - which is pretty dope.
5	Las Vegas has a big islander community, so Hawaiian food is easy to come by. I've been to a bunch of different restaurants, and Ohana definitely stands out.Price wise, it's similarly priced with other establishments of its kind. However, the servings seem a bit bigger than normal. I order the mini katsu (one of my favorite dishes), and can barely finish it. Don't get me wrong, your boy can eat. I've tried maybe 6 or so of their dishes, and have yet to be disappointed. I haven't had a bad experience yet at this place. The service is always nice. They greet you when you come in and say goodbye when you walk out. Wait time for food is normal. A coworker and I have even recommended that our office have Ohana cater a luncheon, and the whole office loved their food.
5	A flock of locals from Hawaii tend to be joining the Las Vegas population so it's no wonder that there are tons of local kind grindz restaurants popping up in LV.  Finding Ohana Hawaiian BBQ is a taste of home in this desert town.  Considering that this is more or less a casual fast food dining experience, the service is outstanding.  A friendly welcome when you step in and they bring your food, utensils and drinks directly to your table without you having to get up after you order.  The decor of the restaurant itself is simple and clean.  A large plasma screen and a gorgeous picture of Waikiki beach with Diamond Head in the background adorned the walls.  There were four of us girls so we decided to order a bunch of items to share.  A bbq mixed plate which consisted of 2 scoops of rice, mac salad, bbq chicken, teri beef, and short ribs.  The meats were marinated really well so that each piece was full of flavor and my favorite part about it?  None of the pieces of the meat was tough!  From the chicken to the teri beef to the ribs, tender, not overcooked and soft.  It's nice when you aren't wrestling with your meal with the possiblity that the meat is going to beat you and tear your teeth out.  We also ordered a couple of spam musubis and saimin.  Spam musubi and saimin is a great combo for some reason.  It totally complements each other.  The soup base for the saimin was tasty and the spam musubi's were teri-sauce delish!  Stuffed and ready to take our money back from the casinos...our party got up to leave.  Ohana BBQ staff truly know how to show their Aloha.  A sincere thanks and au revoir to us and we were on our merry way. Truly, a great, warm tasting "Aloha" experience.
5	Friendly staff, great selection and even better, reasonable prices! They package everything as take-out, so no need to have to worry about asking for a box to go. I can't wait to try other things on their menu, even though I am a sucker for the crab rangoon. I thought only Chinese places had that? frankly, I don't care. Two thumbs up!
4	Definitely the best Hawaiian place I've been to so far around here. There are just too many awesome things to order off the menu here-can't possibly eat all of it. I did manage to get through a seafood combo which came with fried shrimp, fish and terriyaki beef for less than nine bucks-not too shabby. It of course came with the standard mayonnaise macaroni and plenty of rice- best part of eating Hawaiian is never leaving hungry. I also had the Thai iced tea which was delicious and even had the boba balls which I haven't had in years since coming to Vegas, but I'm told the milk tea is even better. My only complaint of the night was getting run out at 9:45 pm-I cannot emphasize how crucial the "late night" selling point is for Vegas, yeah you could play poker at an Indian place in CA, but can you have spam musubi at the same time?
5	There is a place called Ted's Bakery up near the North Shore of Oahu and although this place falls short of Ted's they do a great job for being so far from the ocean. Chicken Katsu or Chicken Katsu with curry is really good and if you get the full size meal it will last you all day with leftovers. Great tender chicken and real Katsu sauce. The Korean short ribs are very tender and marinated to perfection. Nice mac salad, and two scoops of sticky rice Brah! A slight minus is the mahi mahi which is heavily breaded and deep fried, it's good, but not a light egg batter and fresh fish like in Hawaii, but good try. If you are a true Hawaiian person then try the Lau Lau, but otherwise it's probably an aquired taste. Awesome service and cool Hawaiian decor on the walls. I would eat here several times a month it's pretty good stuff. Aloha!
5	Officially my fave Hawiaiian joint. L&L's chicken has alot of fat in it and they're generally more expensive than Ohana's. I've been to 3-4 different Hawaiian places in Vegas. Ohana's has stuff on their menu that other places don't have and the food is cheaper and tastes better. They have the special sauce for crab rangoon. They also have a deal for 4 manapuas! They just started selling their pulled pork BBQ sandwich (with a big onion and tomato and lettuce on it!). It's basically the same pork they would use with the Kalua Pork EXTRA TASTY! Their chicken teriyaki bowls and Katsu (not spicy) Curry chicken bowls are good too.
5	Just got back from a week in Kauai, believe it or not the food here at Ohana BBQ is better than on the islands itself! Freekin Subway sandwiches on Hawaii is $6 for a 1/2 sandwich with skimmpy meats and here in Nevada it's $5 for a footlong with whatever you want on it. Gonna be in at Ohana for some Chicken Katsu, where in Hawaii it's 3 times the price and small portions that don't taste good. The real Hawaii is right here in Nevada, Brahdah! Mahalo Yelpers.
4	Definitely one of my favorite Hawaiian food restaurants in the valley!The portions to price is just right. I'm 5'9" and 165lbs and a mini order of BBQ chicken doesn't leave me hungry.BBQ Chicken - Wonderful deep rich flavor, so you can tell they marinade for a good amount of time.Katsu Chicken - Excellent crunch, the Japanese wife gave a big thumbs up!BBQ Salmon - For $8 you can get to big pieces of salmon cooked much, much better than most of the restaurants in Vegas. The wife usually ops for the $5 bowl and she was also super happy with the sandwich.Curry Shrimp - The curry could be spicier, but everything else is nice. Their curry is more a Chinese style curry (from my experience with curries).Fried Shrimp - OK, this is where I had a problem. Their shrimp is the over butterflied cut with way too much batter. Reminded me of the frozen precooked you can buy at the supermarket.Mahi Mahi - I just don't like how they prepare it and I can't really explain why, all I know is that I prefer the mahi mahi at Ross J's.Musubi: Spam or BBQ Chicken with steamed rice wrap in nori. Can't go wrong there!Want a taste of everything? They have combo plates just in case you are having an internal struggle!I highly recommend checking this place out! Worried about rice ruining your diet? No problem, they offer a mixed vegetable substitution.
4	love the bbq chicken plate. will feed you for a couple of days and its tasty. and you cant go wrong with the prices!!!
4	Wow! Went here for the first time last night. We ordered the BBQ plate and the Katsu Chicken plate. Both were outstanding. The BBQed meats were done perfectly, the Katsu Chicken was super crunchy, but not greasy. The macaroni salad was perfectly chilled. This is the best Hawaiian food I've had in Vegas. L&L is okay, but cannot compare to Ohana.
4	The BBQ was great. Often the Hawaiian fast food places serve chicken that's way too fatty but this place was GREAT. Nice flavor, cooked just right, and I didn't have to trim away excess fat. I sure hope that's the norm because we'll try it again.
2	Ohana was my first experience with anything proclaiming to be Hawaiian. Parking is always a bit tight as the Starbucks and other places close by bring in quite a few people. Once you step inside the place is clean and bright. They have a flat screen showing ESPN to distract you while you wait a few seconds for someone to take your order. The person taking my order suggested non-fried offerings so I ended up ordering a Half and Half plate: BBQ Chicken, Garlic Shrimp, and a drink. Under $8 for it all, not bad. I get my drink cup, head to the fountain dispenser and one dispenser is broke. I ended up getting Sierra Mist which is meh on a good day, but this was flat. Bleech. My food gets brought to the table and after a couple of bites I get up and get some soy / teriyaki sauce and some Sriracha sauce because while the garlic shrimp was good, the BBQ was woefully disappointing. I was able to cut the meat with a plastic fork and knife but that's the only praise it gets. As for BBQ, this is more like the stuff Sysco or US Foodservice sells at the lowest price point and says the sauce will make it into real BBQ. Sorry folks, my 14 year old niece's first attempt at BBQ with too many charcoal briquets and way too much lighter fluid had more taste than this stuff. And I can't forget the double scoop of the most boring white rice imaginableAfter having this I'm thinking the closest I want to get to Hawaiian food is to go to the store and buy me a fresh pineapple, slice it and call it a day. (Seriously I'll keep looking as this was not even close to what I had hoped for!) 1 star for service, 1 star for the garlic shrimp.
3	Compared to L&L and aloha Hawaiian BBQ, I like ohana the best. Their daily specials are a cant beat deal. I also like their Chinese menu items. It's a nice change of pace sometimes. Loco moco is probably the best thing here.
4	In Vegas, which is referred to (in my mind) as the Lost Island of Ex-Pat Kama'ainas, this our family spot for Hawaiian BBQ.
1	i was so ono for the loco moco plate. i ordered to go. when i opened the lid i knew it was going be junk!  the appearance look like slop.  i was so disappointed.  the hamburger steak was smashed down on the rice and the gravy just all over the thing....i should've taken a picture but after one bite i just threw it in the rubbish!  how junk....i guess now i goin back to island grill!
4	Today was the "I don't know what I want to eat, so I'm just going to drive and stop somewhere" kind of day.  My work brought be close to the Green Valley area and I ultimately decided on Ohana.I've been to Ohanas many times and I don't think it's the best I've had here in Vegas.  Insead of driving all around the creation, I decided to eat here because it was conveniently located across the street from my job. Whenever I visit this place, I always get the mahi mahi plate for $8.  It's breaded like chicken katsu and super good. Today I decided to change it up and got the BBQ salmon mini plate for $5.95.  The salmon was lightly sauced with BBQ and had nice grill marks.  It was super flaky and perfectly cooked.  SOO glad I got it. The plate lunch had too much Mac salad, kinda overkill. I also got a spam Musubi for 1.85, which was a great treat.  Usually, my pet peeve is when the nori wrapping is not crispy enough and doesn't breaks apart easy.  This musubi was quite the opposite. The teriyaki sauce in it was a great compliment.Overall, it was a great random choice.  I felt satisfied and not too heavy.  Definitely would recommend the fish options here.  They have leaving with a smile on your face.  Definitely better than L&L BBQ.
4	I think this place is great, although it took me awhile to find something I really like.  I also realized that I wrote the review for this location on their Blue Diamond location yelp page.  This place is right down the street from where I work.  I used to get this garlic chicken dish at L&L all the time.  They didn't have a dish like this, so I tried the Chicken Katsu.  They make the chicken Katsu perfect! I can't get enough of it, but that's not a problem because if you get the regular plate you get a ton of food.  At lunch I will get the mini and I get stuffed and spend the afternoon in a food coma.  I did get the regular at dinner once and 2 people can easily share the plate.  In fact I think a family of 4 could even share the plate!  I also tried their bar b Que chicken musubi.  I haven't tried musubi before and now I'm hooked.  Go check this place out and you won't be disappointed!  Cheers!
2	I walked in today for lunch, and normally I'm greeted with a hearty "Hello!" from the cashier, but today, there was no enthusiasm in the greeting. I almost felt like I was interrupting her free time, because she was sitting on a chair. The food, as always, was cooked fresh to order. I got the BBQ Mix plate, that consist of BBQ Chicken, Spare Rib, and BBQ Beef. I always get it with all rice, because I'm not a huge fan of the macaroni salad. She quoted me 10 minutes, which is pretty normal time for any dish. If this had not been a last minute idea, I would have called in my order. All in all, food good, service, meh. If there was another option that was close, I'd go there, but until we get an L&L Hawaiian BBQ by work, Ohana will have to suffice.
4	I have been here twice now and this place is awesome!  I liked the food in Hawaii when we visited, but I thought L&L was nasty.  Cold chicken, macaroni salad that left a tinny taste in my mouth, etc.  However, Ohana was AWESOME!  The Kahuna pork is simply amazing.  It was a good suggesting from Mahina, the hostess.  The fish is good here too!  The cooks Carlos and Freddy really know what they are doing.  I was so impressed with the place that I asked everyone's name, so I could give them props here.  Not sure what else I can do, but tell you to go and enjoy!  4 locations in Vegas, family owned.  Yum.
4	Hawaiian Food is so good and yet so cheap. It feels wrong.So it's a little sit down in a strip-mall. At least it's a nice strip mall in a great part of Henderson. Parking's a little shoddy, but if you're willing to walk it's fine. The shop itself is totally clean and provides a variety of polynesian delights.And delights they are. The barbecue here is amazing, especially for the prices. The fact that you can get like a small cow, or a medium sized pig, in a styrofoam container with rice and pasta for less than 10 bucks is nuts. It's nuts. And it's so damn good.Thai and Boba teas also in full effect and spectacular. Service was great too. I accidentally dropped my drink on the floor. Girl behind the counter was cleaning it up before you could say "Stupid Haole." Everything is so great here I assume that the food is in fact terrible for you just to keep the universe in balance. And the Loco Moko is enough to make my white ass want to secede from the US. This is a really good Hawaiian chain. Huge Occasional Con: If someone orders the shrimp they serve them virtually in tact (they might devein them. Might) and the whole place smells like an eight hundred pound person died in the back last week and they can't figure out how to get them out. I've only had this happen once in 10+ visits.I really should be giving this place five stars, but I suspect it's killing me at a pace McDonalds can only dream about. Worth it though.
4	Chicken Katsu Curry is the only reason why this is a 4 star and not 3. Everything is OK, except the CHICKEN KATSU CURRY! The service is normal, food comes out pretty fast, everything you expect for a semi-fast food hawaiian food chain.
5	Mind you I always get the same thing (Katsu Chicken) Yum-tastic.
5	Always on point!
4	I really enjoy this restaurant, I usually end up going about once a week and the Kahlua Pork is phenomenal. Their macaroni salad is good, kind of bland but at least it isn't sweet! Of course, you can't forget the Musubi's, they are my absolute favorite! The staff is always very friendly and I'll continue visiting as often as I can.
1	I walked in the lady was ok. I asked for a calorie count she said they don't have one. I didn't end up eating there. As I walked to the side I realized a mop near the grill. Gross they have an A. The health inspector must have shown up on a good day.
5	This is the Hawaiian BBQ in town.  I go here on a regular basis and the food is always good.  Portion sizes are pretty big.
1	Stopped by today, they are out of business. The food was good, maybe too low priced? One of my favorite places, what happened? they were always pretty busy and popular.It's a sad day. :-(
5	My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place in Henderson while we were looking for apartments. We originally drove into the plaza to grab some Jamba Juice, but we were both too hungry so we decided to stop into Ohana since it's right next door. Upon walking in, we were greeted by a really nice lady. She was talking to us like we've known her for years and made us feel right at home. Since the 'other' popular Hawaiian place in the valley hasn't been as awesome as we were used to it being, we were out to find another one that could be our regular spot and I'm happy to say, we may have found it!We decided to share a pork katsu with rice and a side of mac salad with an order of spam musubi.First of all, the portion was GIGANTIC. The pork katsu was flavorful and the breading wasn't falling off the meat and they give you DOUBLE the amount of what you would usually get at any other Hawaiian joint. They give you two scoops of mac salad (which was rich and wasn't bland like some other restaurants') instead of one measly one and even the rice portion is huge. We shared it, and still had leftovers! The spam musubi tasted freshly made and not made a few hours ago and stored somewhere. Only thing is, I wish they had a location closer to us. Probably a good thing that it's far though. For our waist line's sake anyway :D
5	Why did you close? This place was among my favorite go-to restaurants in the area and now the other locations are too far to deliver. I will dream of chicken katsu with curry as I damn the owners for giving up. On a related note, there are now not any Hawaiian BBQ joints in the green valley area. Any restauranteurs out there listen: you will have a loyal customer in me if you open one up!
