5	Despite all the crazy construction on Elizabeth Ave that never seems to end, we ventured out to Nothing But Noodles for dinner.  We had tried the chain's other location in Stonecrest and enjoyed it much more than its competitor, Noodles & Company, so we thought we'd give this closer location a try.  Needless to say, it was definitely satisfying.  I tend to steer more toward the Asian dishes because they're not something I normally make at home.  This time, I tried the Spicy Japanese Noodles.  The sauce was divine.   It had so much flavor and complemented the extremely thick noodles nicely.   And the portion size was "just enough" to fill me up without making me too full.   My partner tried the Southwest Chipotle Pasta.  It was very creamy and full of flavor, too.  He said it was missing something, though, so when I gave him the mushrooms from my dish that I didn't want, he discovered that's what it was missing, so it all worked out.  The restaurant also had a great atmosphere.  It was very spacious, modern, and clean.  The service was fantastic, both at the register and at the table when the dishes were served and cleaned off.  This isn't a full-service restaurant, but they do bring your dishes out to you steaming hot (yum!) after you order at the counter.  We're definitely going back...
5	Nothing but great!Please open a location in Mooresville!
4	I'm a huge fan of NBN!  It's one of my favorite spots for take-out now that Elizabeth Avenue is finally open and free from construction.  I usually stick to the Asian menu items and I am always pleased.  The food is fast and fresh (so making substitutions and/or additions to your dish is easy) and the grilled chicken is delicious!  Make sure you order a chocolate chip cookie to round off your meal...they warm them in the oven for you.  YUM!
4	I don't know how I never been to one of this noodle only places but I'm happy I finally got to experience it at Nothing But Noodles. I bought a few Groupons for this place since any carb is a friend in my book and was excited to see what it was all about. I love the variety and how you can get Asian, Italian, American style dishes and add protein for only $2 and some change. I went with the Chicken Pad Thai since I'm an Italian girl and wanted a break from anything involving oregano and garlic. It was tasty (but not authentic pad thai like you would get at a thai joint) and a HUGE portion. I had a bowl for dinner then had leftovers today so even though it comes to about $9 a meal, it really can be two meals. They were quick with my order and it was only a 5 minute wait for carry out. And they have the big, clear to go cups (think Starbucks), I don't know why but those make me happy and any place that has those gets brownie points from me. All in all, a great place to check out if you're hungry and want something satiating.
5	I had to visit twice before I wrote a review to make sure what I experienced the first time was real. Well it was.Took my wife here for the first time, promising a tasty, healthy meal. She was not disappointed. The whole building smells incredible as soon as you walk in. With unlimited choices of combos being able to add any protein to any noodle dish or salad is great. Great local art on the walls, and a general cozy feel.You order your food, get a number ala Showmars or McAllisters. They bring it out, very happily. All the workers genuinely seem happy, which is rare.Great spot for lunch, although might be a bit pricey but for the quality, as well as quantity (usually 2 lunches worth) it is well worth a visit to this once ghost town of a road as construction all but shut it down for almost a year.Something for everyone, even veggies, you're missing out for not having been here.
3	Alright so here's the deal. Back home in Jerz, me and my gf found this phenomenal noodle place- Wild Noodlez. We go back one day, CLOSED. Our lives were a little less fulfilling without Wild Noodlez.When I moved down to Charlotte and stumbled (and I literally mean stumbled, I fell on the curb walking there) across this place, it was like the sun began shining on my life again. I decided to wait until my gf came down for the summer to take her there. Needless to say, she was game the second she heard the title.The place is a little bland. It didn't give me what I NEEDED. I feel like the menu OD'ed on different ethnic foods. I was simply looking for outrageous meals that include noodles, not so much just pad thai or pasta. I'd like to see a little less seafood and ethnicity when I check out the menu. The food is still good and serving beer (thumbs up)Check it out if you are looking to try something new.LBD scale- 6. Could be great with some minor menu touchups.
4	It's Me ... Mr.TramueL. It's been too long since my last review, in my defense I have recently subscribed to the notion of living within my means, even if I have to borrow to do so. So I've been forced to live off peanut butter & jelly sandwiches & I didn't wanna write about that. My case is a special one, I generally have to borrow a few McDolla's to enjoy a meal from the McDollanaire menu. I know you would appreciate my review of the uber delicious McRib and it's saucy, mystery meat but how many times can you (re)write about it? Don't answer, it was rhetorical.Any who, I had a few extra dolla's thanks to the government's Making Food Affordable program and stumbled upon Nothing But Noodles && what I discovered is that they make noodles for the God's and now feature them here on Earth for us mere mortals. I ordered the Fettuccini Alfredo @ $6.89 & added 4 oz of Chicken for an additional $2.29. Good eatings GentleMen & GentleWomen. Good eatings indeed. I should mention that I tried to order from the kids menu but was unable to convince anyone that I was twelve standing at 5'12" & a half weighing 230lbs, ok 250lbs ... you guys are impossible! 285lbs. I eat because I'm unhappy, I'm unhappy because I eat. "Fettuccini pasta tossed with our freshly-made cream sauce. Garnished with parsley and freshly grated Parmesan and Romano cheeses."There are a lot of great options on the menu; pasta, salad, soup, desserts and starters. The atmosphere was great, family oriented & kid friendly. Good food. I'll be back! Just as soon as I receive my final modification package for MFA (Making Food Affordable.) I think they serve beer ... I don't eat noodles a lot, but when I do, I prefer Nothing But Noddles ... stay hungry my friends.Eat Well,Mr. "I should not have order alfredo sauce 'cause I'm lactose intolerant" TramueL
3	I really love the atmosphere of this place!  Was here last week for lunch and the menu has something for everyone, even tofu is an option for your bowl!!  YUM!  The concept is a bowl of noodles and you can pick how you want them, Italian, Asian etc etc. with add-ons like chicken or meatballs etc.  I got the Spicy Asian Chicken bowl and my noodles were over done and the sauce was like peanut butter mixed with water...weird texture and flavor.  BUT my friend got the chicken pad thai and he couldnt finish it so I polished it off for him.....delicious!!!   I will go again and try more things on the menu because why would I just go here for pad thai when I can get the best pad thai in Charlotte at the Thai House??  I wish I could give 3 and a half stars because even though it is a little pricey (16 bucks for two people WITH a bogo coupon???), the portions are pretty large, you could easily split a noodle bowl with someone.  All in all NBN is rounding off at A-OK!  :-D
4	This place is a small walk away from CPCC.For a place that claims they have NOTHING but noodles, they had a pretty decent Greek salad. It was plated nicely, tasted pretty good (and fresh), and they added a little fusilli pasta to the top.The atmosphere is open and quiet and the price is just right.
4	I've only been here once, and it was good. I had the noodles that was basically Pad Thai with added chicken. Yum!
5	I love Nothing But Noodles! It may seem pricey, but I always end up bringing home left overs and adding three veggies for $0.99 or two bread sticks for like $0.50 is awesome. I have enjoyed everything I've ordered (and tasted off of other's plate's) with the small exception of their Mac -n- Cheese. Capatelli Primavera, Spicy Japanese Noodles, and Chipotle Pasta are my favorites! Yummy! I'm usually here 2-4 times a month.
4	so i had a bday giftcard but it was for another noodle place she signed me up and gave me a free dessert anyway (which was the peanut butter pie GREAT) when i sat down to dine in i made my drink and went to table (i was in front) but soon as i grabed  it it wasted everywhere the lady from back came over in .2 seconds and cleaned it up. gave me a cup and silverware but wet sign out and everything she was on it
2	Not sure why everyone loves this place. Being the carb-junkie that I am, I was so excited to try this place out. I got the shrimp scampi and my SO got the Thai peanut noodle. My shrimp dish was so oily and flavorless-- his was too ketchup/vingar tasting. I don't know. Maybe we just went on an off day, but definitely won't be coming back here again.
3	This place is as the name suggest 'nothing but noodles'.  They offer several pasta dishes with different sauces and you have the choice to add meat to some dishes and others already have meat.  The combinations are nothing special and somewhat overpowering sauces.  The beauty of this place is that they sponsor many fundraisers for area schools, ETES being one and 25% of proceeds go to that particular school during that time which is great reason to support this place.
4	I can't believe I'm giving this place 4 stars.  For some reason, I was convinced that this place was going to be terra-buh (as Charles Barkley likes to say).  My youngest daughter had been here once, loved it and wanted to go back.  She had received a free kids meal through her school and so I reluctantly went here, thinking that I'd survive the meal and then step into the delicious world of Elizabeth Creamery next door for a little ice cream.Well, I have to say that the margherita noodles were really good.  Big portions like everyone else on Yelp has said.  I added three veggies for $1 and they seemed fairly fresh - broccoli, squash, carrots.  My wife got the chicken pad thai noodles and true to form, the Yelpers who said it's pretty good, were right.  The kids had buttery pasta - their drinks were free, which was a nice surprise.  Noodles were a bit too buttery - when I tried to pick one up, it moved all around like a slippery eel, and it ended up jettisoning across the restaurant.  Staff was extremely friendly.  They even had a few interesting beers next to the usual Lite this and Lite that.  And they were under $4 (thank you).Wouldn't come here on a regular basis but it definitely beats taking the kids to fast food joints like McRib's and it's a nice change of pace from pizza places.Big shout out to Yelper reviews.  Once again, they steered us right and the items we ordered all turned out to be very good.  xxxoooxxxooo fellow Yelpers!
4	Om nom nom nom Noodles!!I need to go here again, why doesn't my boyfriend like Italian!?! Is it the lack of meat? Por Que!!!??Anywho-I love noodles and went here with a friend who had a coupon from one of those giant books. Basically it's set up like a Panera, or American Roadside, you order, sit down with your number, they bring it to you.They have a good variety including Asian, America, Italian,soups, salads, and a kids menu.Our Order:Stuffed ShellsOven-baked pasta shells overflowing with slightly sweet Ricotta cheese and spinach, smothered in a tomato cream sauce topped with Mozzarella and fresh basil.Lobster RavioliRavioli stuffed with lobster meat, sweet Ricotta cheese and shallots.  Baked under a slightly sweet and spicy chipotle cream sauce topped with Mozzarella.  Finished with scallions.I had the Lobster Ravioli, and OMG delicious, move over Olive Garden I'm going cheap tonight! Super delicious, and very filling. The food here is good...I need to go back for a good carb kick. The bread sticks are good too, and you can buy 5 extra or so for $1.00..which I did cause I love bread, and noodles - but do they love me? My butt says probably not. Anyway - try it out, see if you like it, try one of the above items both yummy. Then Yelp it out loud!
4	My little cousins rave about Nothing But Noodles, and beg to eat there most days after school. I was surprised how good my meal was from this VERY kid friendly place. I had alfredo and added 3 veggies (only $.99), can't pass that up! My little guest had the infamous Butter Noodles...I think thats what all the kids get. lol Nice place for a quick meal, can't wait to get back!
5	Feel in love with this place in Charlotte. You can choose a wide option of items from the menu. I loved the Asian/ Thai flare that I could get here. No matter if you like Italian, Asian, or most any other ethnic taste....you can find it here.
4	Extremely happy to find a cheap restaurant with a Gluten-Free menu. I was pleasantly surprised with the number of options that I could actually enjoy. Yeah for Mac&Cheese !
3	Not too shabby. They do have an excellent binder available behind the counter with allergies and even a menu outlining which items are vegan or can be made vegan. I went with the Spicy Japanese Noodles which just had a hint of spice. i did enjoy the thick Udon noodles with mushrooms, broccoli, and carrots. The mushrooms and broccoli seemed a little sparse, they were all just small pieces mixed in. The tofu i added to the dish was done well, but again didn't seem to get a ton.Overall, it's a good place to meet someone working at the hospital for lunch.
3	Pretty standard noodles place.  The food was good and the place was clean.  Nothing bad, but nothing I would write home about, either.  I would definitely come back because you get a lot of food for not a lot of money.  My $10 noodles was enough for two nights' dinners.  All in all, pretty solid but not spectacular.
5	I am so glad that I just found out about this place now.  I am a breadstick lover and they sell breadsticks, 5 for 92 cents.  Delicious, delicious breadsticks.  I ordered the mac and cheese, filled up my water cup, found a table and within a few minutes they brought my delicious cheesy pasta to my table.  That pasta was enough for two dinners.  I will be going back here for the breadsticks, and the breadsticks and did I mention the breadsticks?
4	I really like this place. Yes, it's standard noodle place, but I eat here whenever I'm in Stonecrest. Its sit down as well as take out. I'm not sure why one $ is listed because a meal and a drink will run you above $10. So it's a bit pricey for what you are getting, but I can't find noodles as good anywhere else. I always get the Pad Thai noodles with beef. I've tried some of the american dishes as well but I always go back to my favorite. Definitely give the place a try
4	Great pasta place that is quick and delicious!!!
4	Delicious. The vegies were fresh and the noodles were good.I was in the area and this was a good choice to try.I am glad I stopped in.
4	I came here last Saturday after volunteering. My choice was the chicken Alfredo with breadsticks. Very pleasant, creamy taste. As soon as they finished preparing it, they brought it out. The downside to the place is the bus system. There is plenty of construction going around this area and I had to ask a passerby for help getting the bus. Therefore, I doubt if I will come back.
3	This is the last time we'll come to this location. Too many incorrect orders, over charges and lack of good customer service. Just can't see any reason why we would want to come back.
