5	Everything was perfect as usual. The decor, the music, the staff, the dimmed lighting, and if course the food! Don't miss the fried ice cream dessert!
4	Was here in a large group(20+) for a retirement luncheon.  We have been here in the past and it was painfully slow but this time I was in and out in one hour!  Plus the restaurant was totally jammed so quite impressive with the organization!  This time I ordered the Nid Poulet.  It came out with the ubiquitous soup. soup was nice and light with nice assortment of vegand noodles in a light broth.  My main course came out with the perfect amount of vegetables, chicken, sauce to soak up the fried noodles and flavour.  As this restaurant is wide open for lunch it can be quite loud.  If a quiet asian lunch is your choice this is not the restaurant for you as it's a very popular restaurant.  My work colleagues seemed all very content and excellent quality and service this time!
4	Had dinner with the wifey here tonight. We both ordered a house soup with veg.  Very light, fresh and good!  She ordered Chicken curry with rice.  It came out bubbling in a stone like pot.  Very nice consistency as many asian places overdo the curry's in MTL Restos and they turn out to be a thick coconut milk goop dish that is too rich.  Not here though! She let me taste it and it was yum all the way!  I ordered the Nid D'amour.  This is what I usually order here as it's beef, chicken and Shrimp with veg on a bed of "fried goodness" in a delicious sauce I dream of replicating but never can quite find the method (Goodness is a term I stole from fellow Yelper Risa).  With tip it was $57 and we drank just water.  I can get this in Toronto for usually sub $30 but hence we are in Quebec where asian food is expensive and people drink wine with their meal!  Portions are big and food is fresh tasting!
4	Good restaurant , parking is kind of a pain to get there (too crowded because of the near by gym) but the food is worth it. I find it a little pricy for a vietnamese/chinese/asian restaurant but everything they serve is really fresh and tasty. Good first date restaurant !
3	Pros :- Friendly waiter service, water refills came regularly.- Food was prompt, no waiting.- Beautiful atmosphere and ambiance. Romantic options are possible.- The imperial rolls were fantastic.Cons :- Waiter kind of strongly recommended to choose specific meals and didn't bother to ask if we wanted something to drink beyond water.- I ordered the General Tao which was rather oddly crunchy (felt overdone) and more than mild tasting. Simply not the best General Tao I ate. My significant other felt her Basil Beef was uninspiring as well and drenched with sauce.- Prices a little steep for the quality of the food as well as smaller portions than accustomed to.Overall a nice place to go eat, especially for an exotic romantic meals as it is set for ambiance and scenery. The service is very decent but expect an emphasis on a somewhat pricey gastronomic presentation rather than quality of the meal.
4	Came here for another work luncheon.  Ambiance and decor has not changed in this place since my first review.  For my lunch I had the Nid poulet (chicken with crunchy fried noodles + vegetables).  Flavour quality and taste was very good and they do this dish just as I have eaten here on other occasions.  I would claim that lunch is the best value (compared to eating dinner) here.  Just my nid (I drank the table water) with tax and tip was a tad north of $16 (just me).  Good value for a decent lunch that will fill you up! A good quality in a restaurant is consistency and Soya doesn't disappoint in this regard.
