5	The upscale sister restaurant of Louis's Fish Camp in the Town Square Center, this restaurant is a breath of fresh air in Vegas, in more ways than one. Comforting, yet artful Low-Country cuisine is served by a professional yet personable wait staff. Louis's offers a comfortable dining space and an awesome patio in a smoke-free and gaming-free environment.
4	Once the crowds realize what a steal the 3 course brunch for $35 is, it is all over.  The portions are unreal (by my humble non-Vegas standards).  The $35 also includes a choice of three alcoholic beverages to kick off your brunch- a bellini, Louis's Lemonade (which you can get virgin), and a Southern-style Bloody Mary with okra.  The selection is varied and crowd-pleasing, all with a Low-Country spin.   Think she-crab soup with sherry or shrimp & grits.  I'd highly recommend the Oyster BLT- not your standard BLT.  Instead of sandwich bread, two fried green tomatoes hold together a tower of bacon, an ample serving of fried oysters, and Boston bibb lettuce.  Genius.  Dessert rocks!  A warm chocolate cake comes topped with 4 fried chocolate truffles.  Or you can go for the butterscotch trio (ice cream, shake, and creme brulee) or 5 or 6 other dessert selections.  Our large party had the patio almost to ourselves on a breezy and sunny Saturday afternoon plus Louis came out to greet each table.  If I lived here, I'd be in danger of spending way too much time here.
4	Another 3.5 review that I've decided to round up. Again, a dinner with clients so dinner cost didn't factor into anything too much.Drinks: Had an abita beer (purple haze!).. hard to find in Vegas, and points for carrying something from Louisiana! Also had some great wine, not sure how overpriced it was.Starters: Grits souflee/flan thingy was good, as was the salad with crab meat.. it had lots of crab meat. yum.Main: Chicken fried duck breast with foie gras rice. Chicken fried duck breast, awesome as expected.. but the rice had NO foie gras in it. Ok, I take that back, I didn't bring a magnifiying glass.. but seriously I was very disappointed, grrr. I shouldn't have to search my dish to find a main ingredient.. period.Desserts: All were yummy, but the favorite at my table was the caramel cake.  We tried all 6 or so on the menu (it was a big group!).Service was excellent, as was the ambience. It's a small place, but very nicely done. We ate on the beautiful balcony and we were pleased with the overall experience. I'm rounding up because others seemed very pleased with their dishes.... if only I could get over my foie gras rice disappointment.
5	It was the first time my friends and I went on a fancy restaurant streak in Vegas.  Louis's was chosen as our dinner destination on Saturday night.I came here on a half-full stomach due to a late lunch earlier that day (that was preceded by a long hangover nap).  I decided a soup and salad would suffice my need.  The waiter sold me on the signature soup that they had, the Charleston She-Crab Soup.  I'd heard of crab soup and Charleston but Charleston She-crab soup....that was a must-try.  For the salad, I went with the arugula with green beans, and parmesan.  I think everyone in our group ordered the soup.  Our food arrived in a uniform order.  By that I mean eight waiters (one for each one of us) came out with a soup bowl on one hand and some kind of soup canister on the other hand.  Once the bowl was set in front of me, I could see that inside was a sizable amount of lump crab meat garnished with parsley and what seemed to be paprika or ...old bay? Soon enough, the waiter started to pour the soup into the bowl in a circular manner.  The thick stream of soup best resembled the stream of funnel cake batter dispensing into the hot oil.  The soup had this crimson salmon color that (I found out later) was the resulting pigment from the crab roe and aged sherry.  One scoop...second scoop...third scoop....and many scoops later.  I found myself finishing the soup while still trying to figure out what was that bit of heaven that I had just tasted.  I couldn't quite discern the distinctively flavor of the soup.  I was yearning for more but felt it was inappropriate to order a second (both for my stomach and for the group).  The salad though was another story.  Though the portion was less than regular, it was more than enough to enjoy yet another unique culinary creation.  The salad appeared to be slightly seasoned with sea salt, pepper and olive oil but my taste buds could tell there was something more.  I knew I was in for some exquisite tasting experience when I walked into this place.  In there I was able to find that magical harmony between satiation and petite portion of food.  Whatever that was, it could only be done at Louis's.
5	Uh oh...someone alerted me that this restaurant has closed.  Boo.
1	was good, but pretty sure it went out of business
