2	I really, really, really want to like this place. Why? Because it's on the first floor of my office building, making it the perfect location for those days I've been too rushed to eat breakfast or when I'm too caught up in work to leave for lunch. Unfortunately, the location (and friendly service) are about all this place has to offer. The espresso drinks aren't half bad - in fact, my Americano was comparable to that at most other coffee places - but the veggie sandwich I had was atrocious. First of all, it had random veggies like black olives and shredded carrots that don't usually appear on veggie sandwiches. At least in 2008, vegetarian items are expected to be as interesting and tasty as meat-based dishes, and someone ordering a veggie sandwich is expecting hearty vegetables like asparagus, mushrooms, or artichokes not the toppings from a house salad. As if the veggie selection weren't bad enough, everything was absolutely drowning in mayo and the bread was dry. Not good. Not good at all.Dagwood's definitely has convenience going for it, but I'd rather drive 2-3 minutes and get a great sandwich at Wildflower, the Vig, or Bertha's.
3	The short: Somewhat reasonably priced sandwiches as long as you get all the fixings that come with an order. The young ladies working the counter are friendly and eager to please, though orders come out slowly as the crowd gets thick around lunchtime--there's only one woman making sandwiches and one woman making the specialty coffees. There's plenty of indoor and outdoor seating and you can move the small cafeteria-style tables around to accommodate groups. It caters to employees in the attached and nearby office buildings, so it's open only for breakfast and lunch.The long: Two words--Breakfast burrito. Fill a big white tortilla with a hearty row of "great way to start your day" (in other words, eggs, cheddar, and sausage--or bacon, if you want to celebrate another great porcine form), but don't stop there! Oh no. Push it over the top. This will make you smile at everyone you meet for the next 24 hours: throw that sucker onto a Panini machine. And please, don't forget the salsa. Sure, it's from a jar, but it's just enough red and acid to puncture the cholesterol you're about to coat your arteries with. The Reuben's another good get. Not the best, and it can get messy if you let it sit around too much, with the Italian dressing (that's right, I'm no purist, and I'll take Italian if that's what there is) soaking through the bread, but it's a good stand-in when you can't stop by New York for lunch to get an authentic deli sandwich. They're more than willing to custom make a sandwich for you, top to bottom--just let them know. If you're in a rush, as I usually am when I run over there from my office, I call my order in, and it's ready in 10 minutes. The coffee is decent, though the recently opened Starbucks stole some of their thunder with their "big name" drinks (not necessarily with quality, and certainly not with value. There's also a small selection of grab-and-go items if you're in a rush: baked/breakfast goods (muffins, cookies, rice krispie squares, brownies, bagels); packaged oatmeal with granola and sometimes fruit on top; packaged salads with a handful of different dressings; and a basket of fruit.There's a breakfast and lunch special every day, as well as coffee specials, that make the place well worth visiting once in awhile.
3	It's very convenient for the people like me who work in the building. The food is decent depending on what you get. I find that they don't typically use the freshest produce/veggies but most of the sandwiches are much better than the salads. They are typically understaffed. The lady working there is super nice but never seems to have any help.
