5	We had the best time last night at The Painters Lounge!  "We" were 3 couples who had heard about this place and wanted to see what the Friday night painting/wine class was all about.  We were not disappointed!  Dina and her assistant made sure we were taken care of with our drink orders, and then the class began.  We all had a fun time trying to create our own masterpieces, and everyone walked away with an awesome canvas painting that we were proud of! Dina herself is extremely friendly and accommodating.  She goes the extra mile to make sure everyone is enjoying themselves.We will definitely be back for another fun Friday night painting class!
5	This is an amazing time!
5	The Painter's Lounge is fantastic! My friends and I have gone 3 times so far on the Friday evening painting classes and always have good laughs, good art, and good music. Dina is a fantastic instructor and her assistants are always ready to help with changing the paint water, advice on trouble areas on your canvas, and making sure everyone has everything they need. it's perfect event for couples, girls night, families, everyone.  We bring a bottle of wine, don an apron, and open our creativeness and let the paint flow! It is worth the $30 entirely! Get there early so you can park on the first level of the parking garage.
5	Came here on Valentines day, my wife and I absolutely loved it. This place is lots of fun for painters of all skill levels. Dina is a great instructor, very friendly, and she plays fun music. Bring a bottle of wine and let the creativity flow!
5	First off, I nearly passed out when my hubby agreed to try this with me!!!We absolutely loved it and have been back many times since!  Dina is so fun and has a great sense of humor. We love her!I've had a friends 40th bday party here, mom's bday, and a bridal shower here in the past month.  Everyone has loved it!!!!! Being able to bring your own drinks doesn't hurt either!!
5	Such a sick place to chill ,drink ,and enjoy good company! Came out with the wife the sisters in law the mother in law and the best friend. Knocked back some kiktlifter and Boston lager and painted my dog. Bad ass night and good tunes come here for fun after a pita.
