3	Gluten Free/Allergy SensitiveEveryone knows outback but, as an allergy friendly place I found it very accomidating. The menu allergy won't blow you away but, any restaurant that at least makes an effort is okay by me.I had the burger w/o the bun, veggies, potato, and a nice salad. They have dessert ice cream with sauce but, I didn't get it.
4	I creepily eat here probably once every two weeks.  What can I say... there cheese fries are fabulous, and their salads are yummy.  I also recommend getting the No Rules Pasta with no protein (vegetarian) and sub the normal sauce for the fuego sauce.  The sauce is spicy and absolutely perfect.  If you go in and there is a long wait, it is good to remember that the bar is first come, first serve.  I never wait longer than 5 minutes because I typically get a seat in the bar area.  They also do call ahead seating, a definite plus.  So if you are going on a busy, just give them a buzz as you are leaving the house. The staff here and be hit or miss.  When they are good, they are GOOD and when they are bad.... let's just say I have a few that will not be my server again.
5	Love the kooka wings! I wish they would bring back the spicy new egland clam chowder! I can just eat appetizers and be happy!. I am a sucker for prime rib, and love getting it blackend! This location is so much better than Rock Hill, it is less busy most of the time
3	I have always been an Outback fan. For a chain restaurant, Outback does a really good job. I typically sit at the bar and the bar staff is ALWAYS friendly and accommodating. Last week I decided to take out. I ordered salmon, broccoli and a sweet potato. The salmon and broccoli were very good - they were cooked the right way and seasoned well. The sweet potato however was so overcooked it was as if they had kept it in the oven for several months ;-) Just kidding but the po-ta-to was killed to be sure.A minor detail but worth mentioning.
4	Love the food at Outback but not a big fan of some of the appetizers. We usually hit this Outback about once a month for a good lunch because the service is great, the food has yet to disappoint and we never have to wait for anything. Outside of dinner after 7 pm here you can get in and out fairly quickly and feel that you got what if not more than you paid for.
2	I went here as a last resort after being unable to secure a table at Beef-n-Bottle, so my expectations in regards to meat quality that day were a little high.The first thing to expect at Outback is a fairly long wait on weekends; if memory serves me correctly, the wait on a Saturday night was about 50 mins.  There is a small waiting area to the left of the door that has complimentary lemonade and they also pass out samples of appetizers.  This small space is a real life saver when it's really cold outside.Regarding the food, I recommend either the Victoria Filet or the New York strip (rare or medium rare).  Since the prices are so reasonable, you're basically looking at a $10-14 steak if you get the sirloin and based on the comments from the table next to us, a $10 piece of meat is what you're gonna get.  While we enjoyed our filet and New York strip, the couple next to us was unable to finish more than half of their sirloins.  They said that the meat was kind of tough and dry.  I personally found my strip to be tender and juicy, however it was lacking in the seasoning department, let just say I needed a lot of steak sauce.  The loaded baked potato was cooked well, but the cesar salad that I had was very bland.  The dressing had almost no taste and the parmesan cheese was bland with an odd peppery taste.The service was great, our waitress was very attentive and friendly.  If you asked me if I'd return, I'd probably say no.  The food quality just isn't what I'm used to in the realm of steaks.  To be honest, I've had better steaks at some of Charlotte's local bars.  If you're on a limited budget and want a steak dinner for $20 or less, you can't beat the pricing here.
2	Outback food is fairly consistent.... Not bad for a Sunday night takeout....however they consistently FAIL to give us everything we order.  This was our last takeout night from them....  Shame....matching what's in the bag doesn't seem to be that difficult to me.
4	I went here with my husband for a relaxed meal on our anniversary. On a Tuesday night the place was a lot busier than I expected, but we were seated right away. We were greated by our waitress Mandy who was very nice and always very patient with us even though we were unsure about pretty much everything we wanted to order. After we placed our drink order she brought us our bread while we decided on an appetizer. We decided on the grilled shrimp and after about 5 minutes it came to our table. The presentation wasn't something to call home about but the shrimp were excellent and the dipping sauce definitely added to the flavor. My husband got the house salad with blue cheese and he said it was good. He finished it so I guess I'll have to take his word for it. I think we might have waited 20 minutes total for our food to get out. I got the Outback Special with a baked potato, and my husband got the cheddar bacon burger. We both finished our meals....well he ate half of mine, but either way they were both gone. I thought mine was delicious. He thought mine and his were delicious. All in all I thought this was an excellent experience. We normally don't go to chain restaurants like this, but we make an exception for this particular location. We will be back and I'm sure we will enjoy it once more.
3	Friday night. Got a table quick. Service was good. Apps not so good. Main course was good.
4	Great restaurant, and the food was great! The service was great, but on a Saturday night, expect an hour wait.
5	Went last night - the service and food were spot on. Outback is always a very consistent chain restaurant.  The seared ahi tuna and beef nachos (on freshmade chips!) were the highlight of the evening. The main variation is always the server - sometimes they are terrific and other times they are forgetful and rude. The management at this location is quick to head off problems though!
4	My family and I visited this location on a busy Saturday evening. After we were greeted by the hostess and given our pager we were treated to two samples while we waited. One was the bone-in rib-eye and the other was their chicken quesadilla appetizer. Both came out fresh from the kitchen and were very tasty. I think other restaurants should take a note and if there's a long wait, give the guest something to munch on! It also helps make the wait for a table not seem as long! Once we were seated, our waiter was prompt and attentive despite the fact that it was super busy that night. He kept the bread coming and our glasses full! For the meal, I went with the Blue Cheese Wedge salad, Victoria's Filet and a loaded baked potato. The Blue Cheese wedge salad was okay. I really like the balsamic reduction that add which gives it a really good flavor mixed with the blue cheese. My problem was the lettuce, it wasn't crisp and there were some brown pieces. The filet made up for the miss with the salad. It was cooked as requested and it was indeed a very tender. I may make this my go-to item when I return. The potato was classic. All in all, we had a good meal with good service. And you really just can't ask for much more!
4	My wife and I ate here this evening for our 15th anniversary.  The interior had changed drastically since our last visit in terms of decorations. The menu had also changed with some items doubling in price.  A coworker of my wife had given her a $25 gift card for Christmas.We ordered sweet teas and a Bloomin onion. The onion had a definite spicy taste to the batter that reminded me of old bay seasoning.  My wife had the chicken tenders and I had the pork tenderloin.  It wa a good but wasn't outstanding. At one point during the meal a skinny white guy knelt next to our table. He didn't introduce himself. He asked about our meal and disappeared. I told the waiter about him. We were both too full to have dessert on this outing but the French toast bread pudding looked delicious.
5	I was so pleasantly surprised!!I had such a nice experience at the bar in this ridiculously packed restaurant!  I stopped into outback for dinner because of the Outback Bowl deal - free bloomin' onion with any purchase!  Yes.  Yes, please.  Because it was just me, I didn't call ahead or anything - but hoped for a spot in the bar/seat yourself section.  This place was packed full of people.  And they were like sharks over those booths, so I sat myself at the corner of the bar.  Mandy, the bartender, was very nice - and she didn't give me that "oh, it's just you? Eating alone? Forever alone?" look.  Thank you, Mandy.  I ordered the outback bowl onion and a Caesar salad with shrimp.  I heard Mandy tell one of the other servers that the bloomin' onions were being picked up left and right in the kitchen, regardless of ticket.  It seemed like Outback was having some trouble with the demand.  Mandy actually flagged down a server with an onion and told her to give it to me.  I really appreciated that!  Sometimes I get skipped or forgotten about when I'm eating out on my own.  Not this time!  Basically, everything was delicious.  Onion was crispy and hot, shrimp Caesar salad was perfect.  I took a to-go box for my onion, and forgot it when I left (like I usually do).  Mandy chased me out the door, onion in hand and asked if I still wanted it!  I know that she was crazy busy in there, taking time like that is impressive!I'll definitely be back, probably sitting in the shark infested bar section.
1	Ordered take out and wanted mashed potatoes....they have me a baked potato. I know it's not too big of a difference...but taste and accuracy are important to me. I waited over 30 minutes for my food that was supposed to take 15-20 and it was extremely cold. I work in the restaurant industry but I make sure my product is accurate and hot when it leaves the restaurant. I also ordered 2 breads with it and only received one. I'm extremely disappointed in this restaurant and it's not the first time I've had a problem.  Not just in this location but in a couple others.
3	Yesterday was the second time I've been to this location, generally it's a bit more than we're looking for to spend on a workday lunch but Outback is pretty good about sending out coupons every month or so and this time was 20% off.  The three of us got there around 11:30, service was good and everything was clean.This time around I decided to try the double burger and fries, the burger was good but from seeing my coworker's bacon cheeseburger  it looked like they just cut a single patty in half to make the double.  I would probably recommend sticking to the steaks and if you want a burger go to Stone Mountain Grill.I wouldn't wait to eat here but during the week when there's no line it's not that bad, only downside is trying to fight traffic to get back on the road.
4	Great Way to Spend the 4th.Been awhile since I've been to Outback and they have revamped the menu a bit.  Slightly different focus with all of the favorites still there and a couple of new offerings. Also, at least this one is now open for lunch during the week so there is a new lunch menu as well.My wife had here favortie Alice Springs Chicken.  Normally I would go with a Beef Entree but opted for a new offering of Parmesan Herb Crusted Chicken with a side of mixed vegetable.Only negative was the bread they served. It was a very dark bread that looked with an Eastern European bread with none of the texture and none of the flavor.  Fortunately that was the only downside.My Parmesan Herb Crusted Chicken was great.  The flavors and textures complimented themselves well.  My wife was also happy with her Alice Springs Chicken which again, is her normal order at Outback.Service was excellent and the manager did stop by our table and spoke with us which is always a good sign.Atmosphere --- What can I say?  Typical Outback.If you're in the Carolina Place Mall Area, this is a nice spot for Dinner and now Lunch
1	After having a sub par meal last night a table that wasn't bolted to the base took a tumble and i ended up at urgent care for stitches.  The owner didn't bother comping our meal ($135) and my MIL had to fight for her to bring it down.  She ended up paying $24. What an insult.  Then, after getting the 8 stitches needed in my ankle, i called to speak with owner and she never called back.  Worst customer experience of my life.
3	Sllooooooww service - make note Dinner here last night for my daughters birthday. Just three adults and a baby, 730 on a Tuesday night. It was empty which surprised me for an outback. (We usually go to the one in Huntersville or rock hill) Service was so slow - took 40 minutes for order of cheese fries and ahi tuna appetizers. Then another half hour for our simple dinner order.The manager came by the twenty minutes after appetizers were ordered and told us they would be right out. Didn't offer any compensation for delay. There were no more than 10 tables seated, there was no excuse for the delays. Won't be back to this location.
5	So dinner was filet & lobster, asparagus, mushrooms, wedge salad and sweet potato with fresh brewed coffee.  Outback has remarkable servers, delicious food and unbelievable customer service.  No worries mate - best steak in south Charlotte
4	The wait on weekends can be pretty bad, and if you try to call ahead, you may wait on hold for 10-15 minutes. Hopefully they're working on that. I've had many good meals here, usually ribeye, a baked potato and broccoli with a side salad. The food is consistent. I have a gluten allergy, and they have a good gluten free menu.
