4	I have always been a Lowes over Home Depot kind of guy. I have always gotten better customer service. The stores also seem more well lit, and easier to shop for that one small thing you need.The garden center at this location is huge, I was surprised at what they had considering it is Jan. The best part of the entire place is the Pretzel stand at the front of the store. Yes you heard me correctly. Pretzel stand inside Lowes. So next time I am picking up lumber and have a hankering for a hot pretzel and cheddar cheese to dip it in, Lowes Home Improvement is the place to go!!! LOLIn all seriousness though, this is a newer store, and even the employees seem to still have that new store shine! Meaning they actually smile when you talk to them, and don't seem burnt out on their likely way under payed job! This will be my go-to place for anything I need to get done to my house!
5	With hurricane sandy approaching we had only a few days to find a generator in case of power outages. All of the stores we called in Virginia and West Virginia that were near to us had sold out except for the smaller wattages. I called Lowe's in Charlotte NC which is a good drive for us, over 250 miles.  They had 2 left.  I spoke with a manager named Coop (did not get his last name) who was very helpful. He took my name and credit card number over the phone and assured me that he would hold it for us till we got there over 4 hours later.  He said he was leaving at 3 and would not be there when we arrived. I want to commend him for great customer service. When we arrived Tushar and Andrew came to our aid at the customer service desk and then helped load on our truck. All 3 of these employees showed outstanding customer service. Andrew even told me that before Coop left for the day he asked Andrew to make sure he held the generator for us that we were driving a long way to pick it up. We are extremely pleased with this Lowe's.
4	I'd say I'm pretty lucky to have a Lowe's fairly close to home, and couldn't be more pleased it with this store. The customer service here is awesome. Whatever questions I have, whatever item I'm looking for, I'm certain to get directed to what I need. Over 2 years I haven't had a single bad experience, even with frequenting the store once a week- very DIY savvy! I once had purchased an item here that came without all the parts. Came back and exchanged it without any hassle whatsoever. To make things even better, when I show up on a Saturday and wind up spending half my morning collecting various items for multiple projects, I can grab an Auntie Annie's pretzel right in store! I love these pretzels and haven't seen this in ANY other Lowe's so it's kind of a big deal! Overall, great customer service, great item stocking/ availability.
4	I love this store... First time home owner with a lot of questions, and they have good answers!
5	Most people think a Lowe's is a Lowe's, but this one has become my favorite by far.Maybe because its new and they are over staffed, but I have never had so many helpful people approach me in every section.  Plus there is a pretzel place inside!As far as the actual store goes, its pretty normal, maybe a little bigger garden section than some.  Plus, pretzel place and automated key making machine.Short, sweet, and to the point.
2	Well I'd like to give them 3 stars but they may come later if my experiences improve. The customer service here is horrible. The employees are slow, not engaged or helpful towards customers and sometimes downright rude. Hey, welcome to work, you get paid to do something here!That all aside, this Lowes being very close to home I still find myself in here to make purchases when I'm elbows deep in the garden and needing something to help out. It is very convenient for that. So I'll keep going. If I feel better served then perhaps I'll consider bumping it up to 3 stars. But when I can I will go out of my way to hit a different Lowes store.
5	This is my favorite Lowes. Friendly staff. Clean parking lot, clean store and they had the microwave bulb I was looking for. It's the last one on the shelf! There is a Aunt Anne's inside too, so if you come in hungry or get hungry while your here you can have a bite to eat. Yum!
4	Went here with my daughter to buy paint.  Now, I am a Home Depot girl, but I was impressed with service we received here. The paint associate was very helpful.This store is very well organized with very clear signage throughout.I'm not completely converted, but I will return to this location again.
3	Typical Lowes in the growing area of Northlake. Store was nice and clean and the selection was great. This one is A-OK in my book!
4	Let's talk about the parking lot.  The flow of traffic in and out of the lot is better than I would expect given how segmented the lot becomes with all of the curbing and landscaping.  The landscaping is nice, but Lowe's should spend a little more time on the maintenance of the landscaping; as Customers walk across these areas the mulch wears away to nothing, exposing bare ground.  C'mon Lowe's you are selling us dreams of perfectly manicured lawns and landscaping so you have to "practice what you preach"!  Because of the maintenance I have to give 4 stars.
4	I really like this location because it is really easy to get in and out without too much of a hassle.  The location on Sam Furr always seems to be very congested, which is why I like coming to this store.  I went today to pick up some pretty basic necessities and was able to find everything with ease.  I was asked 3x during my hour trip if I was able to find everything,  so it shows they are making an effort.
4	I've found some awesome deals here.  The store is easy to navigate with signs everywhere.  Like everyone else has said, the Auntie Anne's pretzel place in the store is great!
4	My go-to hardware store in Charlotte.  Staff is always friendly and available when needed.  You typically know what you are going to get when you walk into Lowe's and this location is no different.  Customer service is impeccable and prices are reasonable.  My son and I just went to a Build and Grow event at this location and were very impressed.  The event was run well and we had a great time.  For those with children this is a free event that they hold every so often.  When you arrive your child gets a free apron, pair of goggles, and build kit.  It usually takes about 15 - 20 minutes to assemble.  Once completed your child will get a nice certificate stating they've completed the build (this particular event we built a Turbo snail) along with a badge you can iron on to the apron.  There aren't too many things that are free these days so this is a great option for those looking for something to do and not spend a ton of money.
5	Great home improvement
4	Hands down best customer service I have received in a very long time. I was on a simple task to find some pegs to hold up a shelf in a cabinet. Peg in hand, I walked in and was able to find the correct aisle. Those big aisle signs sure do come in handy. But to when I walked up to the aisle there were screws and pegs and lord knows what else, just everywhere. I had no idea where to begin. Then my knight in shining armor came up to me and asked if I needed help and in less than 15 seconds, he pulled out a tiny little drawer filled with bags of the pegs I needed. I thanked him of course and was amazed at how easy and fast he made my trip to Lowe's. I did self check out with a hassle and was literally in and out of the store in a few moments.
3	I've had a mixed bag here.  I'm going to try and break this down:  I've unfortunately visited quite a bit this past month now that I just bought my first home.1.  Management - by and large pretty helpful, though you rarely get a call back when they say you will.  In the 5 calls I've made and had to deal w/ managers and assistant managers - only once did I get a call back....and that was only b/c she had to check on something and get back to me.  I wonder if the delay isn't b/c they are retail and don't necessarily work consecutive days?2.  Store associates - pretty friendly, though I'm knocking off stars here for the very very unprofessional behavior I witnessed last night.  I was making an appliance purchased and inquired about any special financing offers.  The sales associate was nice enough and while ringing me up did her best to call different departments to find the answer.  This took a few minutes, so another cashier came up and asked "what exactly are you trying to need, can I help."  To which her fellow cashier FLIPPED out.  It was just wild.  There was yelling and she eventually walked off.  She wasn't yelling at me, but at her fellow coworker.  I'll try and quote but it went something like this "if I need your help I'll ask for it....here you finish"  and she walked away.  I was just gobsmacked.  I was really in a rush or I would have reported the issue to a manager.  No excuse to treat your fellow employee that way.  According to the sales associate who was just trying to help 'that's just the way she is.'  WTF?3.  Delivery drivers - first experience very negative....2nd experience pretty positive.  I had the same driver.  He apologized for any "misunderstanding"  I accepted it and moved on.4.  Service guys - first rate.  They tried and tried to get my first washing machine to work properly.  So there you have it.  All in all this is the best stocked Lowes in the Charlotte area I think - probably b/c of the proximity to corporate.  I've had some negative experiences that they try and make right - but no one can excuse the bizarre flip out I witnessed last night.  Homegirl was having a really rough day.
