3	Dirty Pretty Rockbar, a chic rock bar in downtown Scottsdale, has been the hottest place in the city to see-and-be-seen since it opened in late May. While there's no denying that the bar is hot, the crowd is a big turnoff. You'll find your typical "Scottsdale" crowd -- plastic surgery enhanced women and guys with faux-hawks and popped collars wearing bandanas around their wrists. I love the club but the people are nauseating and make me want to click my heels three times to return home.If you can get past the clueless Scottsdale crowd, you may very well enjoy the bar, which is more of a club than a rock club. Ornate chandeliers hang from the ceiling of the dimly lit space, which is run by the owners of Scottsdale's Pussycat Lounge. A DJ spins hip-hop and rock mash-ups as people can be found mingling on plush sofas or throughout the bar. If you decide to venture to Dirty Pretty, be sure to get there early. A long line begins to form outside the club after 10 p.m.
4	Did I hear that Dirty Pretty and PCL have the same owner?  SHOCKING because its the exact same people, doing the same stuff, with slightly different bathrooms, a few blocks down the road .  I even think some of the bartenders are the same.  Am I wrong?I'm not complaining, since I actually like PCL well enough.  I ventured into DP right when it first opened, so I'm hoping they have grown into themselves a bit since I've been in.  When I was there, the DJ was effing AWESOME...  I couldnt get enough of his 80s rock/current hip hop beats, but then hed switch up to something like Sublime.  Now, dont get me wrong, I do like modern rock but not when everyones attempting to dance to hip hop.  People dont know what to do with themselves.  And thats a lot of what happened on the dance floor the night I was there.  A lot of standing around and looking at people.  PCL anyone?  heheClientele is Scottsdale snobby which I do appreciate, with a mix of randoms...but like I said, maybe that was just in the first month or so,  maybe recently others have filtered themselves out of DP and back to Dos.    They have a photo booth towards the back of the bar, which I think is a freaking great idea...  Even though we all have digitals, theres something about paying $5 for below par photos of you and the hot guy from Minnesota you've been making out with all night.  Again, am I wrong?  I am not.The women's bathroom says "bitch" on it.  HIGH-larious.  Loveitloveit.  Rock out with your cock out at Dirty Pretty.
1	This place is really small. The bartenders can't make a good drink. The music was alright. For the lack of alcohol that they pour, the drinks are expensive. The decor is kind of cool. If you like the typical scottsdale trash crowd, you'll fit right in. I've been here three times unfortunately, and that is more than enough. If you do go, try Tuesday or Thursday night. Weekends are a nightmare.
3	OK, so I go to Dirty Pretty, excited that there is actually a "rock" bar, especially in Scottsdale.  It seemed that most bars that I went to played the basic hip hop songs that me, personally, do not enjoy dancing to.  So, I walk into the bar, and I am pleasantly surprised by how the place looked...a little Gothic and rock...the staff dressed the part....but that is where the "rock" ended.  I was happy at first, because I ordered my drink, and the bartender thought that I ordered 2 of them, one for me and one for my friend.  I told him that he was mistaken, so he only charged me for the one, but I got to drink both. :)  Good times.  There were a lot more chicks at the bar, and I was really unimpressed how they dressed going to a bar like this....way too pretentious for a place like this (or how it was supposed to be portrayed)The part that really really threw me off was the music...what the hell?  How am I supposed to dance to a mixed version of the Doobie Brothers???? Or CCR???  This is not rock!  Where was my Guns N' Roses, Disturbed...hell I will even take Nickelback!  But mixed?  Nuh uh....no way.  (and dancing was impossible anyway since the people on the supposed dance floor were just standing around chit chatting.)The only reason why I am giving this place three stars is that my friend's brother actually owns part of the bar.  I am hoping! that they will get the idea on how a rock bar was supposed to be.  It was way to "pretty" to be a real rock bar.  Sorry folks.  But, I am available for consultations...if anybody is interested on how a real rock bar should be.
1	This place is gayer than a box of birds.  No, really, everyone in this place is denying themselves the reality of their sexual ardor; from the c*ckhungry bouncers whose cheap Express suits are actually managing to drape their puny frames like a weakling gang of pin-striped Ciceros; to the hypersexulized female bartenders, who lend their primary attention to the fraction of the clientele NOT ordering drinks (erm, the women who are looking for men to buy their Strawberry-Guava-Valtrex Mojito).The bar itself is sorta cool.  There is a long L-shaped bar and a decent prom-style dance floor, that puts the d*ckheads dancing on parade for your entertainment.  But, then there's that damn 90's inspired decor that f'ing Scottsdale can't seem to get over.  Freaking couches in the bar, man.  Are we supposed to feel important because we're sitting on a g'damn suede sofa drinking a mid-range scotch?Overall, everything but the booze here sucks.  The f-faces out front actually made me and the wolfpack group of 4 dudes actually wait in an invisible line outside of the door for at least 20 minutes so that they 1) could teach us a lesson that 4 dudes should not be rolling solo to Scottsdale clubs (they were right, but we were meeting the rest of the group inside, which included females) 2) give the impression that their club was worth a shite (they were wrong) 3) compensate for years of penis torment with this new-found power while making $8 an hour plus whatever crappy tips the bartenders decide to admit to them that they made that night.Fucking avoid this place if you know what's good for you.
4	I love this place I don't care what anybody says!  I always have fun here and most of the times I've gone I've been sober! Yep sober! I think the music is fun and I like that dark "you never know what anybody really looks like" atmosphere. The bartenders are great and frequently will give you free shots!Oh Dirty Pretty, you and I will always be friends, no matter what anyone says.
4	This place is everything that sucks about Scottsdale and more. However... lord help me, I had a good time (even though I couldn't leave fast enough). We got there before 11 on a Friday which is apparently early enough because there was no line to wait in and no cover to pay. The place was relatively empty and we were able to order drinks right away.The service was good and everyone was sweet to us. Everyone in the place was young, well dressed and attractive. It didn't quite seem as douchey as I've been lead to believe. It just seemed like a bunch of young people having a good time. I expected to see more Affliction shirts than I did, but there were some. A large group showed up wearing golfing attire - this is apparently some new college thing that I'm too old to know about. They seemed to be having a blast dancing like fools. I honestly felt like the place wasn't trying quite as hard as other places in the area... there was just something a little genuine about it that set it apart. The drinks were expensive, the music was loud, the place was dark, and there was a VIP area. If you're a hot girl and you want to get dressed up and go dancing - you could do worse than here. If you're a young guy and you want to dance with some hot girls, you could also do worse. It's totally not my kind of place, but I can't see a reason to say it's a fucking horrible experience. I mean, if what they're peddling is what you are looking for - this place is great. I hate it and I probably won't be back. It deserves 4 stars though for being only mildly pretentious and for providing a solid place where people can apparently have a good time. I'm giving this 4 stars, but I had trouble deciding between that and 2 stars. I may revise this review at a later date.
5	This place was so much fun when i went, we got bottle service with a VIP area right next to the DJ which made it easy to request songs. we ended up downing our three bottles of grey goose with vodka, and danced all night on the couch and didnt get yelled at. as i recall we even got to get a bit crazy on a stripper pole elevated above the dance floor, which was all in good fun! the music was awesome and our waitress was the cutest and sweetest little thing ever...she deserved the fat tip we left her. the dance floor was packed and everyone seemed to have a great time. i would highly recommend this place for great drinks, great service, awesome DJ and a great change of pace from the usual snotty Scottsdale crowd!
4	Cool place. I guess it's been open for over a year and it looks it going to stand the test of time. Door guys and bartenders have always been cool since day one I went there.Great bar setup where it's a long u-type shape and service is good. DJ's play a good mix of rock so it upholds its name.Been going Tuesdays lately and it's been fun. Nice crowd, etc.
4	Ok Dirty Pretty...I am adding a star to you....I had such a blast there the other  night.  I still hate most of the music that they play there on Saturday nights (this is a "rock" bar, right?) but I will let that go by.  The atmosphere was extremely different than the last time I was there.  The place was dark and people were actually DANCING!  The service is awesome (shout out to Victor and Justin for my friend, Jen of course) And I have to say that the bathrooms were pretty clean for a bar bathroom.  The people there that night also weren't the pretentious Scottsdale type...which made me feel very comfortable.Dirty Pretty, play more rock music and I will give you 5 stars.
4	Fun was had here.  Staff is straight (I'm talkin' respectable- I didn't get into personal interests).  Clientele is fully representative of what Scottsdale has to offer- quality ladies and gentleman.  Very west coast energy, southern mannered charm.
4	I went to Dirty Pretty for the first time last Saturday and I thoroughly enjoyed it.Easy to get drinks from the bar, fun place to dance, and hot guys to look at.  Do I really need to say anything else?  And when I say hot guys, I'm not talking about your typical Scottsdale types who look a little too feminine, I'm talking about men, baby!  Although, it is really dark in there so you never can tell exactly what you're looking at.---I forgot to share what my friend had to say as we walked up to the place.  He suddenly grabbed my arm and said, "Morgan, I don't want to go in.  I just saw two girls go inside with capris on!"  Oh, the horror!?!  I'm sorry, but if you knew him, you'd laugh your butt off.
3	Middle of the road... I liked it better as Bar74.Not as much of a douche club as Axis Radius or MYST... But not as cool as PCL, Suede, American Junkie, or Six (RIP)... Feels kinda like a strip club without the strippers... Ladies will enjoy the bartenders, bouncers, music, and dance floor -- Guys (who aren't celebs) should go somewhere else, or just chill on their outdoor patio drinking $12 Vodka and RedBulls... Remember, Drift is always right next door.
4	It's important to know that I don't live in Arizona, I was just here on vacation, but I had an awesome time here. First of all, maybe I was hammered, but I didn't even know where I was going because I don't remember a sign being on the building. Can someone confirm this? Second, since I was on a trip with 7 or 8 other guys, if I had known we were walking into DP when we were, I would have thought we would have had a tough time getting in. Nope. That's not a bad deal at all if you ask me. Try walking into a club, 7-10 dudes deep in Chicago. Not gonna happen. Excellent. This one of those annoying places where, you know, you're almost forced to communicate with strangers since there isn't that much room to operate in. Man, what a hassle. Who likes strangers??  If I ever go back to Scottsdale, I'm coming back. And I'll stare at that crazy painting of that guy and that girl and that sword all night.
4	It was dark, the music was loud, I was drunk, I danced. Fun times. Funnily enough it reminded me of something like a Bam Margera party basement the way it was decorated, or that movie where the college kids go to Europe on holiday and they end up in some creepy Eastern-block transit house designed to torture and murder helpless, innocent, travelers in order to extortion American dollars out of their unwitting parents.No wait, more like the first example.Cheers,Until then, get the beers in...
3	Meh. I'd like to state one thing for sure: Dirty Pretty has a wonderful atmosphere. I really dug the decor, and if you're looking to spot some eye candy, it won't disappoint. However, maybe I went during one of the "off" weekends, but I didn't experience the fabulous service that everyone else has experienced (as stated in their reviews.) I had a huge problem with the bartenders. They were so distracted, they didn't keep tabs on who was waiting for their drinks for a long time, and who just got there. I had been waiting for 20 minutes, and the bartenders seemed more focused on the blonde cougars next to me. Seriously? Do I have to have abnormally large breasts that are spilling out my dress, and bleached hair to have you notice me for a drink? I was inebriated at the time, but damn it, I'm not lounging around the bar drinking in the beauty of the bartenders---I can spot ten replicas in any Scottsdale bar, with their signature spiky hair, and extremely tight shirts that don't leave anything to one's imagination. I've never had to wait this long for drinks! So, boo to that! I dug the music and everything else, but the service was slow, even when there was barely anyone by the bar. Get over yourselves!
4	When I'm in the mood to muscle through a sea of yegger-lovin' collar-poppers to get a drink, I usually go to Dirty Pretty. The venue itself is pretty decent: a large main area surrounded by plush private tables (think: a bigger version of Zuma), a good sized patio with tables, and a wrap around bar that is accessible from anywhere but outside.  Now I may be a little bias on this one because I don't believe I've gone when it's not one of their "free Effin vodka" nights (from 9-11), but holy hell I've never gotten so smashed on ten dollars. The bar tenders are busy as hell, but throw them a nice bone each time and they'll keep the vodka flowin.
4	Alright...call me a douche if you must, but I actually like this place. I don't know exactly what it is. Maybe it's the fact that when I come here I usually like to sit at the tables in front of the bar as you walk in, which is less crowded and away from most of the action, but I've always felt pretty comfortable here. I was here this past Friday when I was in town visiting. When one of my friends suggested we start the night here I was actually pretty excited thinking about all of the fun times that we've had here in the past (and we have had some INTERESTING nights that have involved this place). Not much has changed in the last year (it has been about that long since I had last been here), which was a good thing. The bartenders are still quick with drink orders, the bouncers can actually carry a conservation with you (which is rare in Scottsdale), and although this place does have it's share of douches it's nothing compared to Myst, Axxis, or PCL (I feel like a douche just typing that acronym). When I'm in town again I'll definitely head back here!!!
3	This spot never really gets added into the Scottsdale rotation for me.  I just never really have a GREAT time at this place.  It is a little bit too loud, and they didn't design the bar very well for what they need.  In fact, they really didn't change anything from the old Bar 74 that used to inhabit this location.The biggest bone that I have to pick with Dirty Pretty "Rockbar" is that it is the exact same as Suede, PCL, or their other locations.  I was extremely excited that Scottsdale was finally heading in the right direction, we were going to have something that was new...something that was different.  A bar that was cool and trendy, but that wasn't playing the top 40 hip/hop and pop chart, but was willing to put themselves on the line and play some rock.  I was hoping that I would walk into this locations and hear ROCK music.  But that never happened.  I got the same mix that I would find at Axis and Myst on a weekend night.  People were looking for something new.  Something that truly would differentiate this bar from all of the other spots on the old town circuit.  But Dirty Pretty failed with their promises.  Scottsdale had the opportunity to mix it up like the great bar scenes that you find in Austin, TX or San Diego, CA, but they continue to underestimate the power of variety.
4	Dirty Pretty is a fun place to go to, especially to listen to some live music. To be honest, I do not compare it to bars such as Suede, PCL, etc, because it is simply not the same. Is the crowd similar? Yes. Younger, more Scottsdale-like. Yes. If you don't like that "vibe", I would suggest to stay away as you will most likely not be able to look past that. If you can look past the lame stereotype, I think you will have an awesome time.The music is awesome. Live and loud, the way it should be. Last time I checked I like my live music loud. The drinks are solid and the service is awesome. The venue and decor is great as well. All around awesome place...Venue - ADrinks - B+Music- AService - AOverall - A
4	I felt a SERIOUS urge to shake it and Dirty Pretty was up to the challenge. It was Dirty. It was Pretty. But I wouldn't call it a "Rockbar" in a million years. The music started out pretty good. Top 40 dance music mixed in with a little something different every 3 or 4 songs. Only complaint about the DJ is that he was super ADD and only played like 20 seconds of a song and then changed it. Take your Adderall man and play the *entire* Single Ladies song so I can dance with my girlfriends!I like the atmosphere but the dance floor was pretty small. The crowd was a good mix and drinks were reasonably priced. Best part was that I met some pretty interesting characters including Nostrovia Russia Free Shot Dude, the Tallest Man in the World, and capped it off with Mr. White Man Can't Dance. Ah, the memories.Does it seem weird that I *really* loved the bathroom? The sign on the door of the "ladies" room said Sexy Bitches (see photo) and the best part is that there was not one, but TWO towel valets for a 3 stall bathroom. Really folks? I can tear off my own paper towel, but thanks. The valets were very sweet though considering what they probably have to deal with in a typical evening. So yeah, this place was pretty great for a no pressure night out to dance.
3	Not bad, a little dirty, a little pretty, but rockbar? Really? I dunno about that part. The service was pretty good- we were there for a friends birthday, and the DJ kept us dancing and entertained. The decor and atmosphere was good, however, its on the tiny side so be prepared.
4	Malibu Rum Barbie likes the vibe here. Yes, the pours are quite generous and the alcohol flows quickly all night. They tend to keep a good core of bartenders and bouncers here that make you wanna come back. Live music is good fun and some of the acts have gone on to bigger venues. A good sign! Bathrooms for sexy bitches, check :) Dance floor, check (although it could be larger :)Guy candy, check check!!
4	I really like Dirty Pretty, the crowd is always pretty interesting and for some reason I like it better than some of the other Scottsdale clubs. The bouncers are always really nice and right when you get in you feel like dancing. It takes a while to get your drinks (they should probly add another bar), but other than that, a pretty cool place.
3	I like coming here ever so often-i wouldn't be able to do it all the time-but i like to switch up my evenings.  But i love the bar and the amount of space there is to sit despite the size.  The decore it really cool too with all the mirrors and plush sofas it seems really classy but then with the walls and the lighting you get that worn out rocker feel-it's unique. I think it's also very well set up and they usually have a good DJ playing.  the crowd can be a bit mixed-i really think it depends on the night.  All in all i always have a good time here.
3	When I go out to Old Town I know I gotta get my sexy on! and I totally know that when I'm gonna dance I'm gonna get damn right nasty, maybe hella dirrrty like Christina Aguilera... dirty, filthy! but I put alot of effort in my appearance so I also wanna look pretty so some random boy will canoodle with me... and therefore I'll become dirty pretty! =PSadly this club isn't a gay one nor is it omnisexual but i'm sure after a few shots girls and boys do become corruptable lol. Anyways, the music is pretty good at this joint altho the drinks at this place are pricey! even more so that devil's martini south! But it's old town so it's the regular. It's a good looking crowd. Not overly douchy. It's a dressed up mill ave crowd who are partying up in old town. Young crowd too! and the boys at the bar are pretty to admire but that's about it... they're not as nice as the cute ones at the gay bar. So overall, if you wanna be dirrttty like Ms. Aguilera you might be able to do this at DP!
2	Every place is Scottsdale sucks. Trust me, I stayed there for a week during Spring Training 2010. They have to cover up nipples there. Something I didn't know before.
2	Short version:- 20 stars for having free vodka drinks until 11- negative 16 stars (-16) for everything else in this place = 2 stars  (in case you are wondering about the math: 20 -16 /2 = 2)Long version:Oh wait, there is no long version. I have nothing else to say! The place is tiny and the music sucks. The crowd is typical Scottsdale-douche where everyone is way overdressed than they need to for such a hole-in-the-wall "exclusive" club. The music is meh (pop mixes, top 40 shit) and the drinks, including the free ones, are super watered down and use cheap ass grade licor.If you already caked-on the makeup, push-up bra, gel, giant earings and 7" pumps, maybe you should attempt to walk elsewhere. im just sayin'.
2	Not sure if I should dirty or pretty when I'm done leaving.  I appreciate seeing a group of people of all kinds having fun here.  No dresscodes to kick you out or cover charge is always a plus.  Bartending in aisle 9 needs assistance! Um yeah I need a drink please....!  Service was alright, but their bar space is limited.  Let's dance....oh wait - the dance floor can get packed and limited too....well I guess I'll bob my head like the doll.  Don't get me wrong I dig the place; it's just small.  The have a great location in S. Scottsdale.  Walking distance to the next club or bar is always favorable -- enjoy!
4	My friend and I went here last Saturday. I thought it was a great place. The music overall was great! I like the mix of music, but towards the end of the night, I just wasn't feeling the music (it was off and on for me, but that's just me being picky). My friend ordered a glass of Vodka and Red Bull. The bartender said that it was $2 extra for Red Bull and she was fine with it. She said the drink was strong. She ordered another and closed her tab which was only a total of 4 bucks!!! How great is that! There was a good mix of people at the club. Met some interesting individuals. I'd definitely come back to check out the place again for the music and the next time around, I might want to buy a drink or two cuz it's so cheap!The dance floor was small, but decent. But when the floor is crowded with people dancing (or those just standing around watching) it gets extremely hot...but isn't that how it is everywhere? They've got stripper poles in the dance floor...hahaha...that's always a plus for the drunk ones. I tried to get some guys to use the stripper poles, but I guess they didn't have enough to drink cuz they didn't dance. =o( LoL! But I did see 2 guys go up and a few girls.
4	Everyone goes to a dance club for a reason. Call it the hidden agenda; I think Dirty Pretty covers all the above. You get a great vibe on the dance floor. The cast and crew are a lot of fun as long as you are a lot of fun. It is a little tiny and overcrowded; but if you want to have a good time without going for broke this is a great place to come for the night!
4	Great DJ...good mix of music...crowd definately very pretty and looking to get dirty...if they are legal...anyway great time...good drink pours too...would go back...room nicely decorated...good time....
3	really nice space. a little too dark but i guess that bodes well for people looking to hook up because after a few drinks everyone starts to look good in this place. my friend and i made this our first stop to begin our adventure for the night. drinks were pricey but i always expect that at most places. didn't have to wait very long for drinks. i loved that the ladies room had "sexy bitch" on the door. an obvious photo op. the music started out great when we walked in and then started getting a bit too house for us. so that was our cue to leave. i'd come back.
3	Hmmm, it's a cool place.  I think I would dig it if I was younger . . . Oh wait, I'm still young!  ; )Liked that people were dancing.  Liked the mix of music.Probably what was missing were those free vodka drinks all the other reviews are talking about . . . .But I was still shaking it!
4	This little dance bar has the best name ever - Dirty Pretty! Love it! The decor is awesome and the DJ is top notch. I rocked it out all night with awesome martinis and excellent tunes! The dance floor is just large enough to accommodate and there aren't alot of meathead bouncers all over the place to annoy you. Great place, great music and good times!
4	Thursday only review-It's been about 2 months since I have been, but I have only gone on Thursdays when they play hip-hop.Hands down one of the best dj's I've heard in awhile. Every time a song comes on, you have one of those "omg, i love this song!" semi-drunk responses, which you will literally say the entire night, because the music is that consistently amazing. It's hard to find that kind of scene in the valley-it's extremely crowded, and the cover is something stupid @ the door, but I never regret going there.So if you wanna hear an amazing DJ, its worth all the small hassles to go-
