3	I haven't been back to Color Me Mine in 6 years or so, but I have fond memories of it. For those who don't know, it is a paint your own pottery place. The service is okay, the weekly specials (you'll have to check them out to find out what they are now) are usually a much better deal, and the whole thing is just kind of fun. I used to go when I was a college student, so my complaint and reason for the 3 stars is that it's an expensive stress reliever. You can go occasionally, but it's not somewhere you'd go regularly just because the costs add up so easily.They typically charge you for the number of hours you paint, and then you pay for whatever piece you decide to paint. The selection is okay, I've seen better at other (also expensive) places. Like I said, the costs add up. If you're willing to splurge, this is a good place to have a couple of hours of relaxing fun.
4	I took my mom and my girlfriend here for Mother's day last year and we had a blast. Everything's relatively cheap and it's nice to be able to pick something out, paint it and then know in a week you'll get it back glazed and fired.The owner was really nice and engaged us the entire time we were there and, even though I'm not much of a painter, the experience was fun!They also know how to handle themselves when problems arise. My mom painted a big fiesta dip platter (why? I'm still asking myself this) and unfortunately, when they went to fire it it cracked in the kiln. They immediately called me and apologized, giving me the choice of either a refund to the card I used or credit towards another session.We had a great time and we actually use my girlfriend's creation as a vase! As for mine, we kind of keep it hidden away...
5	Color Me Mine is warm and cozy studio. I had a wonderful experience. The staff is informative and kind. Good music playing in the background, great selection of ceramics! Perfect recommendation for a creative date first date, or a play date for children ! Anyone into art would enjoy Color Me Mine!
3	Went here for a day date with the husband. I actually had more fun than I anticipated, but I had a difficult time with the staff.  They were uninterested and up until 3 p.m. there was only one person working the cash register meaning there was no one to explain to us the process. Overall it was not as expensive as I had anticipated, and for the $9 studio fee we had at least two hours of fun painting and relaxing.
4	Lots of fun for our little one at a friend's birthday party this weekend. Staff were very helpful, and 'got it' with regards to how to manage a throng of revved-up 3-5 year olds! (You guys didn't even go insane with those kids running around by all the ceramic shelves!)Fun for kids of all ages (3-100)!
2	I've been to both of the Color Me Mines in Harrisburg and was not expecting what I found in this place. All of the pieces were at least twice as much as other stores, and the selection was horrible.  The girl working told me they would have a shipment coming in about 2 weeks from now.  Frequenting the other two, I know that shipments should be coming in weekly.  I was specifically looking for a platter, of which they had two that were way bigger than I wanted and were also $75 a piece.  Told you it was over priced.  Considering they get the pieces from places like Chesapeake and Bisquehaus for about $10 a piece, that's a huge markup.I was going to settle for a smaller plate.  They only had 6 round ones. That is all.Aside from the slim, pricey selection, the place was a mess.  There was dried paint all over the table paper and chairs.  Books were stuffed under table legs to balance tables. It was cluttered chaos.  Needless to say, I didn't paint here.  I nicely told the girl I'd be back (it's not her fault).  She did offer to take my number down for when they get shipment.  She's the reason they got at least 2 stars.
3	This is a cute concept for a place and is a nice activity to do to spend an afternoon with a friend, date, kid, etc.  The pros:  It's next to lots of other cute shops and places to eatThey have plenty of paints to choose fromYou don't have to make an appointmentThe instructions are pretty simple to understandThe cons:  You pay $9 for your supplies and then the price of the pieces, which can be expensiveIt's hard to find good parking spaces, it's in an area that has lots of businesses and you're almost guarenteed that you have to parallel park somewhereIt's very small inside - you can hear everyone's conversations around you and you feel as though others hear yours.  Just awfully close to the tables around you.The tables and chairs are all kindof wobbly and unstable feeling - something you notice quickly when you're trying to keep a steady hand painting. Overall, I'll go back, but just not incredibly frequently due to the cost mostly.
4	Crayola Experience but for big kids.I have always loved arts & crafts and this place really gives you the chance to let out your inner artist. Definitely reminded me of the time my mother brought me and my sister to the Crayola Experience and we made some deformed porcelain replica of a monkey on a rocket. Such beautiful memories. Anyway, I love this place. There are close to a hundred different items that you can paint (some are variations, like big vs. small bowl). Despite the misconception that this place is for children, I can wholly say that this place is NOT just for kids. (Yeah, you try painting a baby owl.) In fact, my 20+ yrs old friends and I had a great time painting and chatting away - a lovely, relaxing afternoon well spent. A little pricey, but worth the experience. Staff is really nice and helpful. My owl currently hangs over my bed. You damn right it's a masterpiece.
