5	Saints and Turncoats is the tasting room - it's not quite a bar - for the Draai Laag brewing company, also located within the same building. Draai Laag brews a Belgian, Abbey-style family of beers. They're potent beers, in the range of 6.0 to 8.0% ABV and they sell them cheap (shockingly so for a Belgian, let a lone any good beer) here. If you spend more than $10 at the bar, call someone to pick you up, you're in no shape to drive. Or call your mother and tell her you love her. Or invite your mother down for a round; that'd be interesting.Open sporadically, like every other Friday (follow their Twitter to keep up), and only from 5-10pm, the tasting room keeps a low key atmosphere with simple decor, a few tables, chess boards and atmospheric music the likes of which you'd expect to hear when troubadouring was all the rage. I think that was in 1997. Tables, chairs and the bar were also built by the staff. The barrels in the front room aren't just decoration, they're full of the brew you're drinking. I think they said the lambic was in there. That stuff was good. It's a nitrogenated lambic and there are rumors that it may be a first-of-it's-genre in the beer world.There's a friendly, helpful, insightful, and mostly importantly, beer-loving staff. Since they're the same folks brewing the stuff they can school you on eveything going into the mix and recommend a round suitable for your style. They pointed out that because the beers were brewed in such small batches, you're not likely to have the exact same beer twice. i think that's cool. If the idea that every round you buy is a unique little snowflake doesn't seem cool to you, call your mother. She'll explain.From what I've been told they're open for private events on the weekends, Saturdays typically. Days and hours will change as the business develops and grows. Right now it feels like you're onto something hush-hush when you're there. No doubt this won't last. The beer is too good. There are growler refills available at the bar. Getting a growler for myself to drag back to Brooklyn wasn't possible since they'd sold out of glass. But I was able to snag two sixers at Sidelines around the corner (which is like a mile away). Sidelines is so overwhelmingly  Pittsburgh, so Millvale, I feel I should tell you to go there as well just for the experience. It makes my accent come back to just walk inside. Downside: the sixers aren't as fresh and they're way more expensive than the growler. I don't think that's in any way the fault of Sidelines, just the way things go.Long and short of it: go there and drink, even if you have to cross a bridge to do so.
5	The beer is great, as is the atmosphere. They tavern style setting is very unique. Oldish wooden tables, high bar/stools and very fine rich beer. A bit pricier than other breweries but it is expected with Belgian style brews. If you like a fine beer, definitely stop here! The St. Angus is amazing my fav beer from these guys!
5	How are there only two reviews for this place?  Is it possible most people have driven by Saints and Turncoats Public House a hundred times and never realized it was there?  Because that's my story.  And it really is a shame.The address is confusing because it's on East Ohio Street, but also in Millvale.  The building is relatively plain and the sign, unless you're really looking for it, is small in relation to the building and not well lit.  When you do find the location, it seems unclear if you can park in front of the building or not (you can).  But if you can get over the confusion, it is more than worth it.Draai Laag Brewing has been around for a few years according to proprietors Steve and Kevin, but their taproom (Saints and Turncoats) has been open for just about a year.  I've known about it, but due to their short hours (currently Thursday, Friday and Saturday from 6:30-10:30pm), I hadn't made my way there until now.  My brother and I sat at the high bar and became fast friends with our bartenders who were more than happy to share the story of Draai Laag and answer any questions about their beers and facility.  I think they were going for an old world pub atmosphere and that's exactly the feel you get.  This is more than a bar, it's a place to gather and share good times, good beer and conversation with friends new and old.  Saints and Turncoats is truly a unique experience.Some things to note: the seats at the bar are high and getting in and out of (or up and down from) is not done gracefully.  Beer selections rotate and they run out of bottles and growlers quickly.  There are several tables with games to entertain as well as pencils and papers (doodling is encouraged).  Outside food is welcome at this time - especially if you share.  There are no TVs, so don't plan on going there to watch the Pens game.  From what I can remember, beers were between $4-5 and have 8% ABV on average.  We first enjoyed a sampler of all current offerings before ordering repeats of the Aureus, Wild Angels and Simon Girty.  Steve and Kevin told us they sometimes hold tastings for new offerings and recommended following their Facebook page for updates.  Already done.
3	Not for hop heads! Nice place for Belgians.I was really excited to try this brewery as I did not know it existed. The place is nice with a "beer pro" vibe. All of the beers were strong above 7.0 ABV so be careful. The do serve snacks and food basically chips and sausage. Nothing fancy. The taproom was intimate, showcases the brewery's barrels which was a nice touch. The staff was very nice and knowledgeable. This is a great place to go if you want to strike up a conversation with another beer lover as it has an open vibe. I recommend it for brewers and beer guys. I do not recommend it for hop heads as none of the beers had a hop profile and no IPAs. Also they bottle conditioned so they do not fill growlers. The best part was the prices all of the beers were under 6.00 for a tulip and the 22oz bottles were a steal at around 7-8$.  It's on the 1 bus line about a 15 min ride from downtown and plenty of parking. .
5	Really fun place that you could easily drive by if you weren't looking for it.  This brewery only does Belgians, but they do them well.  On the night we visited, there was a vender there selling cheese plates but other than that they do not have a food menu.  Between my husband and I we had four of the beers they had on tap and found them to be too notch brews.  The staff was so informative, friendly and knowledgeable.  Belgian beers are not usually my favorite but we wanted to give this place a shot as we love local microbreweries.  I am so glad we stopped by and will certainly be back.
5	Very cosy atmosphere more like your living room than a bar. They brew and serve the most complex beers in the area. Friendly brewers ready to pour the perfect craft beer.
5	I stopped by here a couple of Saturday's ago with my wife for some afternoon libations.  I was pretty excited to finally make it in after trying to find a time that Saints and Turncoats was open and we were available for a couple of months.  The inside of the place was not too much to look at but was comforting at the same time.  There was a bar on one side with a chalkboard menu of their beers behind it and throughout the rest of the dining room there was a number of tables and a few booths, some with games like chess on them.  There was also a free corner area that a local food truck would take up whenever dinner time came around.Since I had never been to Saints and Turncoats before I decided to go with a sampler in order to try more than I normally would.  The sampler here consisted of 3 different beers that I got to choose out of the 5 that they had on draft.  I ended up going with the Yodeler, Goedenacht and La Pienture with the La Pienture being my favorite of the bunch.  It was described as being funky and it truly was with a little bit of sour that I really enjoyed.  I was actually quite surprised that I enjoyed the beers here as I am normally not too much of a Belgian beer fan but they do it right here.  Enough so that I also got a bottle of the Ragnarok to go.  I would later enjoy the smoked peat flavor of it.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  Now if they would only be open with hours that better fit my schedule.
