4	Haven't tried their ice cream yet, but I had a burger and french fries there over the weekend and loved it.  Standard short order food, all the toppings are out on a topping bar so you can fix your burger the way you like.  My mom had a Philly Cheese Steak which she said was awesome, too.  They are called Snoops now and there are black silhouettes of spies all over the walls.  Sort of a dive - but great food - I will definitely be going back to fill that greasy spoon need!
3	I was taking a break from work one day and saw a sign in the window of this store claiming that they had some pretty great ice cream.  Being from northwest Iowa originally I know good ice cream, so I thought I'd give it a try.  I must say that it was some very tasty stuff, but it's going to take a lot to seduce me away from Blue Bunny.
4	Great ice cream, great food, and great atmosphere! While I don't do the burger thing, they do have a great topping bar. You really get to have it your way.The fries are crispy french fried perfection, and the ice cream is some of the best in town. I love this little area of town, so I'm kind of partial to any restaurant in the Hawthorne/7th Street area. I don't know how long Snoop's has been around, but it has the air of a place that's been in the neighborhood for years. The staff is friendly in a short-order cook kind of way, and it's fast. It's a great place to stop for lunch, and it's close enough to uptown to be able to order, eat, and get back to work within an hour. That's always a plus.
4	Wow...this local place is spot on for a good lunch. Walking in, it reminds me of an old timey lunch spot, straight out of the 60's. For lunch, they serve up burgers, hot dogs, & some other sandwiches & such. I had a chili cheeseburger & oh wow. These things are made fresh & cooked when you order them. It was a great burger & had all of the condiments I love on a burger, especially the hard to find chili & slaw combo. While chili & slaw are put on your burger behind the counter, they have a condiments bar with all of the extra fixings. From ketchup & mustard, to lettuce & tomatoes, they have everything you could think of to put on your hot dog or hamburger.Along with the food, they also have some great dessert in Tony's Ice Cream. I grew up in Gastonia, so I know all about Tony's, as it's some of the best ice cream you'll ever have. I didn't have any at Snoops, but I can vouch for how good it is.You can get a great lunch here for under $7, which with the burger I was served is simply amazing. It may not be the healthiest option in Charlotte, but well worth a trip every so often to grease your arteries.
4	Great place to take kids.  Inexpensive but all the food is made fresh in front of you.  Hamburgers are great - cooked perfectly, not greasy.  And they have local ice cream (Tony's - Gastonia) for dessert.  Nice people working there and always an interesting crowd.OH NO - CLOSED AS OF JUNE 2012 - PHAT BURRITO IS MOVING IN.  I AM VERY MAD AT YOU PHAT BURRITO!  YOU GOT SOME SPLAININ' TO DO!!
5	This place never disappoints. Be sure to ask for a punch card-buy 10 combos, get 1 free. Wednesday is double punch day. They always have yummy specials. The toppings are fresh and you put them on yourselves. Absolutely love Snoop's!
2	On a unseasonably warm February evening, hubs and I ventured out for some eats. Since we both had fairly light lunches we were starvin' marvins. After attempting to stop by a handful of places (closed on Monday or an hour long wait) we settled on Snoop's, hopin' for a hot and fresh burger. Inside, Snoop's leaves a lot to be desired. I'm not a dull knife in the drawer, and it took me a little while to figure out the, um, theme of the burger joint. Snoop's...as in detectives...snooping...i saw a Bond poster too. Ok, sure...I didn't really care about the overall ambiance as long as the food was solid. And how about the food? Well, it's pricier than other old school grilles - to the tune of $15+ for two 1/3 lb. burger combos and a corn dog. This wouldn't really bother me much if the food was better. The burger was fine - passable, but very well done (as in quite brown) and essentially flavorless. Onion rings were clunk-ily breaded and with little flavor and fries were "meh" overall. I was looking for the salty little slivers of love with some crisp! Service wasn't super inviting and the cash register attendant didn't even hint at a smile when we ordered. As soon as cash was in hand, she went back to her computer - adjacent to the counter. With a sanitation score barely above 90 and the flavorless eats, I have indeed experienced some better burger joints in the QC.
4	I remember this place growing up only thing changed was the name and the son runs it now still one of the best burgers in charlotte
5	Delicious burgers, reasonably priced!  The burger toppings are delicions and fresh - I love the "build-it yourself" options.Don't miss the fantastic lemonade or orange-ade that is fresh squeezed when you order it!
3	Nothing special.  Went during winter, and while they still served frozen yogurt, I didn't get a chance to try it.  The rest of the foods were basic concession-stand items.  Burgers, hot dogs, fries, onion rings, etc.  Would probably be nice for a visit in the summer, but not exactly a lunch destination.
3	Very friendly service - and quick too! My food was pretty good, I ordered a chicken philly. The roll was soft and overall it was pretty tasty though and seasoned well.  My boyfriend had a chili burger which he thought was awesome. They have a sidebar with toppings which is great for dine-in patrons but a little bit of a pain for those wanting take-out. Their fries are seasoned so well - and taste great with some malt vinegar at home (they do not offer it there). I wasn't as big of a fan of their homemade onion rings as the batter was too hard. Prices are a bit higher  than average for this type of fare.
4	Tell me it isn't so?!?!?!?!?  I heard this place just sold out to Phat Burrito????  Can anyone confirm?  I've been dying to try it - I have two co-workers who claim this is the best lunch spot in all of Charlotte.  Build your own burgers are the way to any man's heart.Bummer.
4	Yes, the hawthorn location closed. They were going to become a phat burrito, but that has been currently scrapped and is just closed. There is still one location open on Westinghouse blvd. and they just opened for dinner as well as lunch.
