2	I come here unfortunately about 2 times a week. My son has autism and has to have McDonald fries and apple juice. The staff is usually over the top nice or the complete opposite, I prefer the staff that have all their teeth .. really gotta wean my child off fries haha because I seriously hate Mcdonalds
4	Everybody knows whats what when it comes to McDonalds, i would've thought it worthless to write a review for a fast food chain but i particularly had to do this one for a reason. This McDonalds in particular had a customer appreciation thing going on that was great, i can positively say that i hadn't seen it in any other McDonalds. They had daily specials and some of them were pretty good, like 2 Big Macs for five dollars. Unfortunately they aren't having these anymore but i thought it was ver worthy of mentioning. Also, the drive thru for this location is kinda wierd.
2	Bad attitudes and rude behavior from both employees, one was the manager. I'll be avoiding this McD's from here on out.
3	The managers and cashiers at this mcdonalds have really bad attitudes and the service here is usually unorganized especially the line but other then that each time I come here the food is always fresh so that's a plus but other then that nothing really to write home about.
2	Always messing something up! No cheese..comes with cheese! Order fries..get no fries! Sugar cookies? Don't even ask after 8pm! Get it together!
3	For the most part, I don't normally have issues with this location. They always get the order right tho. The 2 biggest complaints about this location is the slow speed of the staff on making the food and most of the drive-thru staff are not very friendly. The order taker is ok but the money taker is usually not friendly at all and really doesn't seem to want to be there. The food giver is generally friendly tho. They have gotten my order wrong once but that was in the drive thru. Other than that, it's ur typical McDonald's.
1	The employees are SOOO rude here. I asked for a chocolate milkshake and the response I got was "no chocolate shake." That's not even a complete sentence....and they want to make $15/hr. Ridiculous!
