5	Micki Bina is a stellar practitioner--I have never had a better facial experience in my life. I have extremely sensitive, acne prone skin, and she perfectly tailored treatment. I'm happy to say that my skin is healing, and my breakouts have cleared up. I try to go once a month for upkeep. Micki does expert extractions; I never have any damage to my skin / scarring from the process--which has, unfortunately, happened elsewhere. Micki is wonderfully conscientious too, and goes out of her way to be available to clients! She has a lovely space in a brand-new building. The room has a wonderful, calming ambience. Treat yourself!
5	I had been feeling really tense all over, particularly in my back. I was getting to the point where I couldn't sit still at work or on a plane because I couldn't ever get comfortable. My massage with Micki seriously saved me. Her place has a great location and a relaxing room, but above all, Micki knows her stuff and regards you like a friend. She was incredibly thorough and even recommended some exercises that could help in the future. I will definitely be back regularly and would recommend her to anyone.
5	I had never had a facial before, but Micki officially turned me into an addict :)First and foremost, she's so welcoming and easy to talk to...she really tried to understand my skin type and regimen to know what I wanted to get out of my visit. It's refreshing to receive a service when you can tell someone is truly passionate about what they are doing. Second, the service itself was amazing- I had no idea how incredibly relaxing a facial could be! I left feeling like my skin was so "breathable" AND all the tension in my neck and shoulders were eased. Truly an all around experience. Definitely will be working routine visits into my budget...it's so so worth it. Third, it was also a learning experience (mini biology class, but I do ask a lot of questions:) ) She talked me through everything and gave some product recommendations at various price levels, but was never pushy. Overall I can't say enough about how great my experience was. If you've ever contemplated getting a facial (or any of her services for that matter!) or are looking to try a new place out, please give Micki a try. You won't be disappointed.
