4	I love these Gadget Shop / Hawkin's Bazaar type of shops. Gimme Gizmo is a clone of one of those and it is great fun. With toys and games available to play this store is the posterchild for fun. It has every type of miscellany you could imagine, from robotic hamsters to air cannons, to more adult toys such as boob mugs (I still maintain there was a lost 'jugs' advertising opportunity there). This store is ideal for birthday gifts, secret santas and other similar giftgiving opportunities. You can pick up something funny for a few pounds, or if you are looking to spend a bit more there are more complex things that go anywhere up to about 40 or 50 quid. The yard of ale glass is always a good present for a lad who thinks he can drink loads, and the bath basketball (or 'bath-ketball' as it should have been called. God someone needs to get me in advertising) is always a good laugh.The toys are often novelty based and will get old after a while but the sheer amount of them means there are always more to keep you interested. For those who like to have fun of a different kind, there is an adult section at the back, filled with erotic dice, sexual board games, unusual toys and all the stupid paraphernalia you can expect to find on stag and hen nights.
3	Stocking all manner of novelty items, Gimme Gizmo is the kind of place you would make an impulse buy, be entertained by your purchase for approximately 5 minutes and then ponder why you even bought it in the first place.Having said that, many of the items are good for stocking fillers or if you're looking for something silly for a Secret Santa or the like. As soon as you walk in, you're always greeted by some kind of flying contraption or walking, talking mechanical dog that usually has a crowd gathered around it. As the other reviewers have mentioned, as well as innocent items they also stock things of a more adult nature if you're in the market for such things.
3	This is a pretty decent place to come and have a play with the toys and gadgets, but that is about as far as I enjoy this place, I don't see the point in buying many of the things in here as the novelty will wear off within the first couple of hours. So I tend to just come here and have fun with their toys, and leave. The store does make an effort to have demonstrations going on while you are on the shop with a member of staff attracting fellow shoppers with some sort of pointless gadget. Some of the stuff here would be pretty good as a funny birthday or Christmas present. They also have a 'naughty' area at the back with some rude games and gadgets that would be a great gift for someone on a stag night out or on a hen night.
