4	Went here on opening day. Place was pretty packed during lunch hour. I could imagine this place getting crammed with people when the school semester starts up again. Aside from that, it's just faculty and staff filling up the place.Food is consistent with other Smashburgers in the city: Big tasty greasy burgers, which are somewhat pricey for a complete meal ($11.xx). -The Sin City Burger is absolutely delicious. Just eying the monster increased my risk of heart disease by 50%. Each bite was a guilty pleasure.  Holding the burger coated my hands with grease. This is a burger that put me on Santa's naughty list.-Regular Smashfries are decent. The sweet potato fries have more flavor to them. All in all, a great tasting meal. I  left the establishment wobbling through the parking lot with a belly full of awesome.
3	Smash Burger is in the same vein as Fat Burger and Create: a quality (but expensive for fast food) burger joint.  It probably deserves 3 1/2 stars--putting it ahead of Fat Burger and on par with Create.  Which isn't to say that Smash Burger is only a simple burger place.  They have salads, chicken sandwiches and a decent variety of toppings (think full classic selection of toppings and choice of buns, but not a cornucopia of exotic toppings).  Generally, Smash Burger has adopted the classic, simple and clean style of a fast food burger joint and improved on the quality of the ingredients.    Ground beef should not simply be a carrier for the flavor of toppings and Smash Burger gets this.  (Applause sign lights up).  The burger meat is tasty and fresh (not a frozen patty) and I assume that it is full fat because the meat itself is delicious and quite flavorful.  I ordered their signature Smash Burger (cheeseburger with tomato, onion, lettuce, pickles, "smash sauce" and ketchup).  That's a lot of sauce on one burger, but I could still taste the patty--rich and peppery, textured but not overcooked.  And Smash Burger does love pepper.  The patty had a distinct peppery taste and a similar seasoning showed up on the sweet potato fries.  So, if you order a burger, know that you will have to enjoy pepper.They do have an inventive list of sides for a fast food place (fried asparagus or fried pickles anyone?).  We went with the sweet potato fries and Smash Burger did a good job.  The fries weren't as crispy as I would have liked, but the seasoning was peppery and delicious.  It more than made up for my floppy fries.  We topped this all off with a vanilla malt, which was excellent (but, honestly every malt is usually awesome).All in all, it's a solid on-the-go burger joint.  It can't touch the best Vegas has to offer, but for the price it offers a great experience.  Next time, I think I'll try their Spicy Baja burger and see how the patty does with jalapenos on top.
3	Went here yesterday for my first Smash Burger experience. Over the noon hour is was quite busy but we had our food within about 10 minutes. This lunch hour wait is on par with In N Out next door. I had the BBQ Bacon Cheese Burger. It was pretty good but the application of BBQ Sauce was thin at best. For an extra topping I ordered jalapenos and they came out raw, I was expecting the pickled variety. I probably wouldn't have those again. I also ordered pickles as a topping and these were quite good, thick slices similar to a Clausen, not your typical hamburger pickle chips. For sides we had the regular fries and fried pickles. The fries weren't bad, sort of reminded me of McDonald's, although I would have liked a few more. The fried pickles were not too good, pickles were sort of mushy (star deduction) For now I will stick to ordering my fried pickles at Memphis BBQ or Lucile's. Second star deduction is the price. Don't get me wrong, the burger was good, but so is In N Out and for less than the price of one burger at Smash, I can get a whole meal at In N Out. I'll be back, but not often.
4	Let me preface this by saying that this is solely a review of the Sin City Burger. A coworker made a Smashburger run for lunch, so I put in an order for a 1/2 pound SCB. I haven't been to the restaurant, so I have no idea about service or environment.Having said that, the SCB was crazy good. It's a little strange that the burger patty has almost twice the square inch-age as the bun. I guess that's the result of the "smash" in the company name. Despite its juiciness and relatively small bun, I was somehow able to eat it all without mess. Maybe I'm just biased towards any burger containing egg, but the SCB is oh-em-gee good.I've heard good and mediocre things about Smashburger. I'm glad my experience swayed to the good side. I noticed they have malts on their menu. Ever since I learned that Sonic no longer does malts, I've been looking for them everywhere. I foresee Smashburger in my not-too-distant future.BTW, why the heck does their logo look like Gamestop?
3	Will have to try it again, fried pickles a little salty.  Burgers are never as good when take out, will have to eat in next time
4	I am from Hawaii and a regular patron of In-N-Out Burger when I visit California or Las Vegas. My brother told me about this burger joint Smashburger so I had to try it. I ordered the Mushroom Swiss Smashburger and my husband got the All-American Smashburger. We also tried their Smashfries with their seasoning of rosemary, olive oil, and garlic. The burger was delish! I really liked the texture of the meat and the amount you get. Plus my burger was loaded with mushrooms as the cooks seemed to be super generous with the portion. It was really tasty. The fries were also great and the seasonings were good too. The prices to me are pretty reasonable considering we got the 1/3 lbs. each with a grandtotal of about $14 bucks. I would definitely eat here again. It's funny how their sign resembles the GameStop sign. Makes me want to eat a burger and play xbox.
2	So here I am standing between In-N-Out, Cafe Rio and... some new place SmashBurger. I missed my lunch break so I'm more than just hungry at 4pm so I'm in a mood for something substantial.It's a burger joint but it took me a couple minutes to figure out the menu and cashier was not really helpful in explaining what's what so I decide to settle on mushroom swiss burger (how bad can it be, right?) and sweet potato fries (can't mess it up either, right?).So after 5 minuted I get my tray and...Burger: meat is good, cheese is just 1 slice barely covering half of the patty and mushrooms are... pretty much non-existent. It came with no lettuce and tomato so I had to ask for them from kitchen (and cashier never even mentioned that I need to ask for it all!) Sweet potato fries: epic fail... pool of oil on a bottom of the basket! That's the first time ever I had to ask for refund in a fast-food! But heck no, I'm not paying for the oil change... even McD can do fries better.Bottom line: FAIL. Bill (before refund for fries) was more than $8 (and no drink!) So.... stick with the establishment next door for burgers - for $8 I'll get burger, fries and milk shake. I wonder how long will this place last here...
3	I was a little wary pulling up to this sacrilegeous burger joint that had intentionally set up shop literally next door to cult-favorite In-N-Out. I ordered a Sin City(?) burger with fried pickles and a beverage. It was delicious. The burger wasn't overcooked to an inch of it's life, like most rubes would like it and the fried pickle slices were tangy and suprisingly tasty. I actually got my food fairly fast too. Despite everything though, I don't think it could ever quite replace the people's beloved In-N-Out.
2	Got the sin-city smashburger, was not impressed with it at all.  First of all it was way to salty, I mean, I get it, it's gotten onion straws and bacon, but still, ridiculously salty.  The burger itself was tasty, but was completely overwhelmed by the toppings.  I was also shocked that I could barely taste the bacon on the burger considering how strongly flavored bacon is.  On the whole, for $11 with fries and a drink, I felt like it was overpriced.  I would rather go next door to In-N-Out where I could get something comparable for a bunch less.
4	WOW. this was really really good. I wasnt too excited to go here but my bf said that he'd driven by several times and hadnt gone b/c he wanted to save it for when we were together. awwwww. so tonight we were orig. going to Catfish Alley but they moved ... and are no longer on Flamingo but off Silverado Ranch. well hell thats too far. BURGER: Baja Burger: see photo: my bf ordered the 1/2 lb beef baja burger. He said the jalapenos although were raw (uncooked or pickled) werent hot at all. He was kinda disappointed in that but he agreed it was a really good burger. He said he gave it 3.5 starsBBQ bacon/cheese burger: I loved it. Its bbq was on the side. It had bacon *(which if it was on there I couldnt see it) those onion straw type onions. all on top of an egg bun. It was delicious.the show stopper was the patty. it was cooked to perfection, it tasted like one of those homemade patties that was so good. If it wasnt for the patty I would say next. but ti was THAT good. SMASH FRIES: OLIVE OIL AND GARLIC. these were good but i love garlic so for me they could stand to put a lil more garlic on these. SERVICE: EH.. Let's face it I'm not coming here for the service.. but for the food and a great burger. the guy that took our order didnt really atually take the order but more like just stood there waiting for us to order. Not once did he say what would you like? etc. So we just pretty much had to tell him what we wanted. He at least asked if that was all after we finished ordering. He was just plain weird. Would I come back. Yes. do I hope that guy is there w/ the weird name.. no probably not. this is def. a placed to try. 10000x better than in-n-out! (which is next door in the UNLV hood) if ur looking for it.
4	This is one of my favorite Burger joint in Vegas the food is really great and fairly priced . The employees are very helpful and attentive ... the dinning area and kitchen are very clean . I would defently eat there again and again .
3	First off...I must say I know they are new and are working out the bugs. My man and I went in there for lunch today because I told him how delicious it was in Denver. I ordered the Classic SmashBurger 1/3 lb and he ordered a bacon cheeseburger with no bbq sauce. I think that order confused the cashier because he asked my man to repeat his order twice....no biggie. We sit down and they promptly bring out my chocolate malt which was yummy to the tummy and then my burger follows shortly behind. My portion of the meal was perfect. My man's food on the other hand was a bit off. The cashier didn't get the order right and the poor runner had to bring it back twice (first it came out plain, then came again with just bacon, then it came back the correct way with bacon and cheese). When it came back for the third time...IT WAS DELICIOUS! They were very kind and apologetic about the whole thing. Like I said before....they are new and working out the bugs. We will be back to try it again soon.
3	It's really quaint place and it is nice to see something in that spot in the strip mall.  I was really excited to try this place after being tired of In/Out and wanting something gourmet but also delicious.  It's a little bit more expensive than going to a normal fast food place, but it is worth it in terms of taste.  I got the Sin City burger which has all the things I love, breakfast in a burger + onion straws.  I love eggs and bacon on burgers, and the egg was cooked decent.  A little overcooked for my liking (I prefer over easy), but it's not exactly a restaurant I would assume cooked eggs to the specific likings of costumers.Downside, although the burger was tasty it was oily.  Oilier than most burgers I've had.  It didn't take away from the taste, but I know when I'm eating it that I'm probably digesting more calories than a normal burger, which makes you feel more guilty than normal.  Aside from that I also had sweet potato fries which were really good until I got to the bottom and the last fries were too oily for consumption. This place also gives me a small vibe of dirtiness.  It's not filthy, but I felt filthy in there for whatever reason.All in all, I'll definitely go here again, but it won't be something that I'll definitely need on a regular basis to fill my burger needs.
2	After hearing a lot about how good this place is, I felt compelled to go against my better judgment. And I was right. I felt dirty after paying $21 for two people. Bachi Burger blows them away at the price point, or go next door to In-n-Out and spend half the money for a better product.The burgers are maybe a step above Burger King -- dry, grainy beef that gets its only juice from the grease of the grill. No real taste to the meat, though the saving grace was the preparation I ordered with pepper jack, jalapenos and guacamole.The fries are OK, nothing special. We had the sweet potato fries, which were nicely seasoned but disgustingly greasy. We also ordered the "veggie frites", and what a mistake that was. There was no batter, just some vegetables dropped in oil and fried. They tasted exactly like if they hadn't been fried, yet with all the grossness of hot dripping oil. Avoid the veggies and their $4 price tag at all costs.
3	I was hanging with some friends while visiting Vegas, and this joint is right by UNLV campus where we were at the time. We walked over, and on the advice of my friend I grabbed a 1/1lb monster of a BBQ bacon cheeseburger. The burger itself was delicious, I enjoyed it immensely but 1/2 was wayyyy too much for me. I also got an order of the sweet potato fries which were not bad, but not at all GOOD. The seasoning seemed....odd. I can't describe it any better unfortunately.  I was very pleased with my burger however, wit the friendly staff, and with the Cherry Coke option at the soda fountain.
5	I dont agree with People Saying Go Next Door to In & Out. Thats Rubbish. In & Out doesnt have the selection. And the prices arent much different. The Sin City burger doesnt dissapoint. I had the Smash fries with the rosemary olive oil. Delicious. The line moved fast and our food came out quickly. Im From Colorado and they keep up the quality of food in diff states which is good. The Lack of people at In & Out Speaks for itself. My only complaint is we had to use a napkin to wipe down our booth.
5	I love Smash Burger no matter what location it is!!!  This location is more spacious than the one on Lake Mead. I have tried other items here that I have not tried before like the crispy chicken sandwich=Good and the Chocolate Milkshake=Not so good. The Chocolate Milkshake at In-N-Out is far more superior....Anyhow, for me the burgers win hands down and I just can't get over those veggie fries-Yum!!!  I'm glad Smashburgers are popping up all over the place. I just wish one would open up in my area-Silverado Ranch or maybe even Henderson!!!!
4	I'm kind of surprised at the bad reviews on here.I consider myself somewhat of a burger connoisseur. Not that I'm tooting my own horn :).We got there at the right time before it got crowded before a Rebels Bball game. I got the mushroom swiss burger, hubby got the BBQ burger and our friend got the Sin City burger.My burger was delicious!! Juicy, well seasoned, and perfectly cooked. Everyone really enjoyed their burgers. Next time, I will get a fried egg on there since it is an option. The FRIES...oh the fries. Soooo good. We got both the regular smashfries and the sweet potato smashfries. Rosemary, olive oil and GARLIC tossed with these crispy strips of joy.I guess I'm not cool enough to give this franchise a poor score. I was unexpectedly impressed.
2	I have been dying to try this place because I am a big fan of the burger. I will keep this review very simple for you. Three wordsOversaltedOverpricedOverratedCheeseburger, fries and drink at Smashburger= $10Cheeseburger, fries and drink at In n Out= $ 6.59How's that for simple?
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE This Place!  I went there for lunch with my dad and his friend who was in town.  We were all hooked!  My dad's friend decided to order the Sin City burger, Loved it!  My dad ordered the BBQ Bacon Burger, Loved it!  And I ordered the Southwest Burger with Avocado, Loved it!!!!  I talked my husband into trying it....He ordered the Sin City and I had the BBQ Bacon Burger....He's been hooked ever since!  This last time we went we both had the BBQ Bacon Burger...Eat this burger if you want all of your dreams to come true!  LOL!  My dad, husband and I all talk about how awesome the burgers are all the time!  I prefer it way over In and Out.  SmashFries are tasty...not greasy at all.  I like the rosemary addition.  My parents went before I was introduced to SmashBurger and said the sweet potato fries are good....but not great.  I've seen the shakes but haven't tried them yet.  They look pretty awesome.  Good price and fast service.  I can promise you....We will be back!  Just writing this review makes my mouth water for a BBQ Bacon SmashBurger!  LOL!  Go try one!
3	Ordered a vanilla milkshake & smash fries. The fries weren't as awesome as I thought they would be. But the milkshake was! For $3.99 I felt I got my money's worth. This place isn't bad but not great either. I wouldn't mind getting another awesome milkshake from here again.
2	Overpriced, ordinary, and greasy. Not even the kind that you know is bad for you but you just can't help yourself. The kind that IS bad and you kick yourself for shelling out the extra dough.
5	This place is AMAZING! You can get a huge salad for 5 bucks. They have veggie style fries. The burgers are delish! I'm so glad they opened by UNLV. The staff is very friendly. The atmosphere is warm, cool and inviting. What a wonderful place. Only drawback is I wish they had a baby diaper changing table in the women's restroom.
3	Went to Smash for the first time yesterday cause the Mister wanted to try it out after reading about it in a magazine. So we trekked over even though I was not in the mood for another burger place.  I was pleasantly surprised...They are located by UNLV, not far from InNOut.  I do love my burgers but was not feeling a burger that day so when we arrived and saw that they also had chicken burgers, I was in.  I got the Spicy Baja smashchicken, it had a grilled chicken breast with pepper jack cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, chipotle mayo and fresh jalapenos on a chipotle bun AND sweet potato smash fries.The chicken was moist and the burger had great flavor but I would've preferred it spicier as the jalapenos had no kick for me at all, but nothing a little tapatio wont cure.The sweet potato smash fries though were AWESOME- they are tossed in rosemary, olive oil and garlic.The mister had he Buffalo Smashchicken, also grilled chicken breast with Frank's buffalo sauce, crumbled blue cheese, lettuce, tomato, may on a egg bun.  He really enjoyed his also.Next time, I'm going to try the Sin City and smash fries! AND you can build your own burger too so that is always a PLUS.
4	The food was really good. I was satisfied with the half pound burger, it was big and really hot when it came out.It's not one of those places you eat at for every lunch but it is good to try once in a while. It is a bit overpriced but the food was delicious.
4	I only tried their regular burger, not any of their special offerings. The burger is a nice size and very tasty. I still give a slight edge to In N Out, though. What I did love here was the sweet potato fries. They are outstanding and the flavor is amazing.
5	Great burgers and the smash fries are "out of this world"!
3	UNLV is a virtual Mecca for cheap prices, good quality, and diversity in cuisine. Every time someone brought up burger joints, Smash was a destination worth mentioning. It was never the first on the list, but as I continue to cross out places I have tried, it was time to give them a taste.When I entered, the cashier greeted me and asked if I had been there before. Usually when you reply no, the other person would explain, but he just asked for my order. That was not a big deal because I am usually set before I step anywhere near the register. The customer service was good overall, because when I did not order a drink, the cashier offered me a cup for water.I had a job interview today, so I opted for the avocado club smash chicken sandwich because it did not have anything that would leave a lingering smell. If it was any other day, I probably would have gone for a burger with the works. The chicken breast was cut in two to cook faster, I liked this style because it allowed the meat to stay moist and juicy. Often the breast dries out and become overcooked if left whole. On top of that, they add four crisp strips of bacon, four slices of avocado, ranch, mayo, lettuce and tomato on a whole wheat bun. The sandwich is delicious, but pricey for the university area. At $7.99, you can go to In-N-Out and get a double double combo meal with a shake. At Smash, for the price of everything you would get next door, it would run you close to fifteen dollars. The food is good, but for that price I would probably go to Bachi Burger or Holsteins. I could pay a little more for a more unique meal.
4	I'm in love with a burger!  And it's called Smash Burger! One of the guys in our party absolutely LOVED this place once he discovered it in Dallas.  In fact, he lives in LA and drives all the way to San Diego to get one; because that's the only place where they have it close by.  So naturally, when we got to Vegas and he found out there was not one, but TWO, here, he wanted to go.  SO I was more or less forced to go.But I have never been more grateful.  It's funny because the font on the store looks like Gamestop, and our friend works for them; maybe that's how he discovered the place...  Also funny that there's an In N Out just down the street.It's a $6 burger joint, so you're paying for a step up from your regular fast food joints; and you probably won't eat here every day, or at least couldn't afford to on most occasions, he he he.  The Sin City burger was the bizomb tho, applebacon, cheese, on an egg-bun.  SO good.  Doesn't seem like they use pre-formed patties either.  You can get the 1/3 or the 1/2 point size, I opted for the smaller for this first time.  Also had the fried pickles which tasted like fried zucchini, so that wasn't much of a big thing.  Wasn't too hungry so I didn't get to try the Mint Chocolate Milkshake, but I totally would've if I had room for it.  Definitely gonna hit this place up again!  Gotta try the other burgers!  I could see why my friend likes this place so much.  Good restaurant-style burgers with barely any wait and decent prices!  Service - It's a walk-up counter, so that doesn't really get factored in here.Parking - Gonna have to drive or cab it here, cuz I'm sure you're not staying way off the strip, unless you live in the area =p
4	Great Food! Amazing Chicken burger!
5	I have passed by this place on Maryland Pkwy, and always wondered what it was about, but just went on my way. Then I have friends on FB that was always talking about it. Well for Memorial day they were offering free burgers to Military persons, so I told my husband, hey lets go check it out, it's free! We already peeped out the menu on line so we knew what we were getting. OMG! This is now our favorite burger place here in LV. It had alot of flavor, tasted old fashioned. The buns were so soft! I was really shocked at the flavor. I got the Baja spicy burger, but with american cheese! Just awsome! My husband got the All American burger, and he really liked it. We also got the rosemary french fries.....no big deal on that flavor, next time I will just get the regular fries. Ohhhh yea, we will be back!
3	I gave them 3 stars out of sheer appreciation for military on Memorial Day. The free concept made my burger a little better. But their advertising is pretty bad and their availability for ingredients is not great. I had to check out online what to expect, seeing thatmany metropolitan cities have a Smash Burger, I found that the San Diego smash burger looked most appealing, but when I tried to order it in Las Vegas, they didn't have a clue. Their centralized website should give the locations a source to look up that info. I mean, I can understand, for example, if Boston had a clam chowder smash, I wouldn't expect Phoenix to have one, but simple things like cilantro should be available. Their gimmick for smashing their burger pinching out the fat  is not bad; I like to get a bite of meat with every bite. I'm not crazy about their atmosphere, but to each their own.
1	Definitely not as good as Five Guys. The only thing I could taste was SALT SALT SALT... It shouldn't feel like I'm a horse out to pasture nomming on a salt lick after I'm done eating.30 minutes later, and I STILL taste salt... even after downing two glasses of water. I wanted to give this place 2 stars, and did while I was drafting the review (+1 for the decent enough service), but honestly, I kind of wish I had asked for my money back. This place is more expensive than Five Guys, and I think I'll just take the fifteen minute drive next time I want my burger fix, rather than the five minute drive here.
4	**Summary**       - Hulk Smash!!! - They really do smash the patty pretty flat. I ordered a 1/2 lb. burger and it was a good half inch larger than the bun. It also creates a slight burnt crisp to the edge of the patty that tasted good.       - Taste to Guilt Ratio - The flavor of the burger is amazing, but it's also incredibly greasy. I wouldn't recommend for anyone on a diet.       - Price - The price is comparable to other non fast food burger joints like Fatburger, Create, and Five Guys. Price being equal, I'd definitely shell out my Hamilton to clog my arteries at Smash Burger.**Price**       - $10 - $12 for a burger, fries, and a drink.**Ordered**       -  1/2 lb. Sin City Smash Burger - One of the best burgers I've had. It features a fried egg, bacon, haystack onions on an egg bun. The patty is smashed flat so it's a lot larger than the bun. The fried egg wasn't runny and it combined with the rest of the fixins to make a delicious heart attack.       -  Smash Fries - Rosemary, olive oil and garlic added to fries does seems strange at first, but the flavor of rosemary is unexpected and tasty.       -  Haystack Onions - Pretty much string thin onion rings with a chipotle mayo sauce. I didn't really like the sauce too much, but I don't really like chopotle mayo.**Recommendations**       - I'd definitely recommend this place if you like burgers. It's truly a step above your average fast food burger with the higher prices to prove it.
3	Ok ... I am a burger fanatic ... I've had great and not so great burgers on a few continents and several countries. This one fits into the category of a marginally upscale fast food burger, not too bad and not so outstanding. The one thing they do really well is their bun. The "smashed" burger is "cooked to government standards" and not a bit of pink remains. I like more medium rare or even medium and the well done characteristics are just not as tasty to me.Had the sweet potato fries with it and they were served in a waxed paper cone that kept all the fat and oil on the fries.The cashier for our visit was a young girl who spoke way to fast and we missed a couple of minor points that would have enhanced our visit.The sad truth is that this is one place "I don't need to go again" instead of a "give it another shot" ... too bad for them.
1	OK, I like new places but should have known that if it close to UNLV it caters to College Students. Two of my children (in their 20's) along with my wife and a newborn granddaughter checked this place out on a Monday morning around 10 am, they open at 10 am. I decided on the Buffalo burger, regular fries, and a Vanilla Milkshake, my wife ordered the Classic with Haystack Fries, (which are shoestring type onion rings), my son-in law ordered the "Sin City", with a root beer float (Hagen-das ice cream), my daughter got a Classic with Smash fries, and root beer float. The total for this visit $47.97. I check out the facilities before eating to just wash my hands and get an over view of everything. The restroom was very dirty, especially the corners and the walls, I won't describe it was just bad. They do have a sign indicating they want to be notified if the restrooms are dirty, but who are you really going to tell with one person talking orders, a line of people in front of her and no one else within eye sight. I liked everything I ordered, the fires are salted with sea salt, I should have asked for no salt. They were very salty; my wife didn't care for the grilled onion on her burger and the Haystack fries tasted like a squirt of grease with every bite. My son in- law loved every bite; my daughter said she loved it all, but I tasted her Smash fries and I didn't care for the herbs and spray of olive oil on them. Our granddaughter sleeps through it all, YES. They offer fry sauce, it has a horsey radish taste to it, not for me. Basically, my wife and didn't care for this new restaurant and our children loved it. For the money I could think of a lot of other places to eat lunch.
4	Military discount while in uniform, is always a bonus maybe next time ya ok who we kidding.   Two Sin City Smash Burgers, French Frys and Smash Frys completed our order, and we almost licked the paper outta the baskets.  This was a great burger.  Service was impeccable so friendly and attentive to your requests, people kept telling us to try this place only wish we hadn't waited this long!
4	I got done with class one day and I was starving, and to no one's surprise the first thing that came to mind is Smashburger.  Very close to UNLV, so it was within the proximity of accessing food before reaching maximum hunger.  The thought of biting into one of the great burgers they have was undeniable.I ate the Sin City Smashburger and it was good.  I had the 1/3 pounder with fries and it filled me up very well, I can't imagine how filling it would be with the 1/2 pounder.Now let me note that Smashburger may not appeal to anyone.  You have to be at the right mood and hunger to really enjoy this smashing, oil-drizzling, fatty patty monstrosity to its fullest potential.  To the average eater or person with medium hunger level, it can get nauseating very quickly.  It's greasy goodness can leave you feeling rounder by each bite, the fat patty becoming harder to swallow by every minute, and a guilt trip that can last for days. My only justification for eating was because I'm going to be in the hot sun and swimming for the next couple of hours.  And to be honest, I don't even know if that's enough to burn off all the calories I ate.With each passing moment I noticed that the burger got saltier and saltier.  Maybe my hunger was dissipating and finally my body started listening to my taste buds.  I could not finish the fries without drowning it in ketchup to lessen the saltiness.Still, it's an experience.  It's hard to find an unique burger joint with so much greasy and eggy goodness (many of their burgers have eggs in it).  I'd definitely bring my friends over for a big burger eat-out.  I can't imagine myself eating here everyday unless I want to look like a pudgy round asian guy rolling around sponsored by Pizza Hut.  But it's a great place to visit once in a while, probably on a special occasion.A little greasy, oily and salty, but would it be crazy for me to say that's part of the charm? Because it definitely is.
4	I love smash burger! Definitely prefer bachi if I don't want a "Norma" burger.Anyways. I have to say i hate the setup of the ordering.Right when you enter and to the left... Is the menu. But people are in line and if you want to look people want to cut you.I don't like their "healthy" options.There are sweet potatoe French fries and then fried veggies.They should offer veggie sticks.I've had the grilled chicken sandwich and the sin city burger before.I liked the chicken sandwich/burger. Pretty straight forward. Fresh ingredients.Sin city burger had American cheese, fried onion straws, bacon and topped with an egg.Also really good.Food doesn't take long at all, everyone is mostly nice, and a meal is usually under 12 dollars.Burger, sides, and drink are all ordered separate.Oh yea! Fried pickles are way too salty.
4	Of all the upscale fast food joints I've tried recently, Smashburger is my favorite, but there are still many places on my to do list. Every time I've heard this place mentioned, it's compared to In n Out. While I do think that the food is better than In n Out, I still think that In n Out is a better value. All these new burger chains popping up are sort of in a different league than In n Out. In n Out is a real fast food restaurant (with a drive through, usually right off the freeway). All of these new places tend to reside in strip malls and are usually less convenient to get to. They have each other to compete with, and it's a tight race. In n Out is miles ahead of their true competitors in taste, quality, and service.
3	So-so.  I don't know what I was expecting.  It's a freaking hamburger.
4	You can't ask more from a look-up-at-the-menu burger Joint. The menu has varied offerings, plus great sides like fried sweet potato. You can just about pick your toppings and the best part is the burger itself. It is homemade style and is smashed on the grill and cooked when you order. The meat is tasty and fresh, the 1/2 pounder is a belly full. Nice old fashioned shakes and malts. At the end of the day this is not a gourmet burger, but very high on the fast food scale.
3	Not the first place to come to mind but seemed reasonable.  I had the Sin City smashburger which had all the winning ingredients: burger, onion rings, eggs, bacon (now that I think of it, breakfast burger would be more apt). The burger, however, was tainted by salt which overpowered any meat or egg flavor. Take the salt down a notch, and it'll hit the spot.I also had a honey mustard chicken salad which was pretty decent for a semi-fast-food place. At least the spinach and lettuce was firm, but I could have used more chicken which came in the form of a small cut strip.I apologize if I wasn't supposed to bus my own plate and basket. I can't tell anymore at any of these places.
3	okayI've been sitting on this review for a while, for which I attributed writer's block.  Then it occurred to me: I wasn't having a hard time describing my experience, nor was I at a loss for words.  It's that Smashburger simply didn't make any memorable impression on me.I ordered a BBQ bacon cheeseburger and sweet potato fries.  My friend ordered a regular cheeseburger.  Both burgers were cooked well (a little too well for me, but hey, this isn't Burger Bar) and were nice and juicy.  The fries were thin and crisp, with a hint of sugar.  Everything was fine, nothing "WOW," nor terrible.  Very middle of the road, hence my three stars.
4	The reason for the 4 stars is that I was really FAMISHED after I got out of the hospital for rotations. I paid $24 for 1/2 Classic burger which was supposed to be the Sin City burger, sweet potato fries, 2 milk shakes (chocolate and caramel which are made of Haagen Daz... YUMM!) and 1/2 Baja burger. And no, I didn't it all by myself. I also tried little bites of the Sin City, Mushroom burger and the veggie frites. Not too shabby. The service was great. This place is perfect if you're on the go because cooks are fast. This place can be compared to Steak and Shake at SouthPoint BUT not comparable to Bachi burgers in my opinion. Would I come back? Probably not as much since it's located at one of the busiest streets of Vegas.
4	Got the mushroom swiss burger YUM and sweet potato fries. Definitely would like to try some of the other things on their menu!
4	This was my first time here.  I had the spicy baja and it was tasty!  I will have to come again and try some more things.
3	A nice place to have lunch if you want to feel a step up from the regular fast food restaurant.  The food is good (especially the fries and shakes) but a little overpriced for what you get.  Fans of the in n out next door will likely not be impressed and end up missing in n out's crispy lettuce and fresh tomatoes.  Smashburger ops out to using the dark limp lettuce you'd find at a McDonalds or BK, leaving their burger experience a little flacid.
4	First went to Smashburger in the Centennial Hills plaza at Ann Rd & 95, but took my bf here for the first time recently.  He ordered the Bacon Double cheeseburger, and I ordered the SmashChicken with avocado, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and mayo. Both came out in a hurry, we split onion straws and their signature smash fries in the rosemary and olive oil. Yum!  I actually prefer the deep fried pickles, but he hates pickles so for the first time visit, I was nice and let him try the fries. Can't wait to go back.
4	Sin City burger is great.  It's just something about a burger with an egg on it.  Smash fries are good, but I'll pass on the sweet potato fries.  Only issue is that the smash fries are covered in oil, so it's a little messy.Here's hoping they don't meet the demise of every other place that has been in that location over the past decade.
3	The burgers are like Steak n Shakes, but on roids. Same concept on the meat, they beat it down while they cook it. I like the burgers and their Rosemary fries. It's just outside UNLV, next to In and Out. I prefer it over In and Out and Stake n Shake, but I have been spoiled by Fukuburger and I go there almost exclusively for my burger fix, as they're always around my house.
1	I came here hungry and with great expectations. I wound up disappointed.There's too much salt on the Sin City burger and the fried onions. I wish I'd eaten next door at a good burger joint instead of this pricey, salty mess. This would be a 2 stars review, but I have to factor in the fact that they forgot one of my fries and forced me to go back in to ask for it. Nobody else forgets part of the order ever.There are far better options out there. Skip this.
2	Eh... It was ok. I had heard that it was better than In and Out so I had to try and I was not impressed at all with it. Big burgers, light flavor.
4	A lot of people have been talking about this place, and when I saw the Groupon it was my key to try it.I ordered smash fries, 1/3 Sin City burger and a root beer float to go. While I was driving in my car, I was munching on the smash fries. Too much rosemary, not enough salt. Just not good flavor, which left me thinking the burger would be mediocre as well.When I got to my destination, I unwrapped the burger. It looked super greasy and unappealing, but whoa! Seriously the best burger that I have ever had! It melted in my mouth, which almost seems impossible for a burger, but it did. The bun is soft and fresh. The meat is juicy and full of flavor. Altogether, amazing! Someone said it's not as good as Five Guys - Wrong! The actual burger is better than In-N-Out (had it for lunch the same day, so it was fresh in my memory), Shack Shake in New York, Five Guys, Grind Burger, Burger Bar, etc.Pass on the fries. They need to work of those! The root beer float you can make on your own. Yes it is pricey, but it's gourmet. Totally worth it.
1	I'm drinking one of their Chocolate Malts as I'm writing this, and this is what I think the recipe is:3 parts ovaltine1 part warm milkdrop in a scoop of vanilla ice cream and pray it fixes itselfIt tastes like Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf's Mocha Iceblend X 30. (And I love their mocha iceblends)My drink is room temperature anyway, so I guess I'll go home and drop my "malt" into a full gallon of COLD milk in a bit.Also, I read a fair number of reviews of them over-salting their food like no tomorrow. So if they do this kind of crap to their malts too, I'm not comfortable with trying their food for dinner today, or anytime soon. I know I am generalizing them, but I have to when it comes to restaurants. If the floor is dirty, for example, can you bet that the kitchen would be clean? :P
4	One of those nights where the question "where we going to eat gets tossed around". Driving back from the west side of town and needed a burger fix.Came to mind that smashburger was on the way home.-First time and won't be the last time.I had the Sin City which has Fried egg, applewood smoked bacon, American cheese, grilled onions, haystack onions and our smash sauce on an egg bun. It was cooked perfectly, full of flavor and that sucker was big. I only got the1/3 LB burger, the 1/2LB would have killed me.-I had a bite of my wife's Buffalo chicken sanwhich. Very juicy piece of chicken with some Red Hot and crumbled Blue cheese.. Delishhh-Smash Fries were tasty and the fried pickles were different, in a good way.
3	I heard alot of hype about this new burger chain ao I finally had a chance to try it out.  Its supposed to rival In-n-out, Five Guys, the Habit, etc.  This place definitely gives it a good try.  There are many options for the burger and all ingredients are fresh just like their competition.  The egg bun was actually good and everything was fresh, but it just was not that memorable.  My friend ordered the 1/2 pound and I ordered the 1/3 pound.  His patty was not thicker, just larger in diameter which I thought was a bit weird, but I get that they are trying to be original.  Their fries were definitely a big dissapointment, not sure if they were fresh potatoes, even Mcds fries are alot better.  So all in all, Smashburger is good if you are in the area, but I def wont crave it with so many other better options available.........
5	The Good:  I don't think that there are such thing as a bad burger, you know like a pizza.  I love 5 guys burger and fries and the famous In-N-Out, so I was already to write this place off.  Their sign looks like a GameStop, no sure if they are going for the geek crowd.  They have a few speciality burgers or you can design your own.  I went with the Sin City Burger, Fried egg, applewood smoked bacon, American cheese, grilled onions, haystack onions and our smash sauce on an egg bun, but being from California I added avocado.  I also order a side of their smashfries, tossed with rosemary, olive oil and garlic.  So good, the egg bun is soft and the flavor of the meat has some special seasonings.  Overall, a great burger, but I hope I can get the Sin City burger at the other locations too.The Bad:  Why has it taken me so long to try this.  I thought they were only in Las Vegas but I just found out they are in San Diego also, when with they be in the OC?The Ben:  The guy at the counter asked if this was my first time here.  I said "why yes it is", then he gave me the total.  I asked "do I got something for my first time here" he said "nope, I just have to ask that".  This place is now added to my must eat list when in Las Vegas.
4	Close to UNLV which is a plus- Good cheap cheeseburgers and I think it's better then in-N-out. Wish it was one in the spring valley area or maybe it is -(unfortunately I still don't know my way around)
1	Let me break this down:In N Out cheeseburger, fries & drink=$5.15For 2 people to eat at Smashburger, it was $24. Uh really? For a cheeseburger, fries and a shake $12??? Wth?  The food was so salty I'm still drinking massive amounts of water to flush the salt out of my body. Pretty sure I went over the  american heart association 2 gram sodium diet for the next year. I will never stray from In & Out again.
4	After our disappointment at the over hyped In-n-Out, there was another burger joint that I wanted to try since we're in the west coast. Hopefully this place would make up for the other day's burger...Sister and I ordered the Sin city smash burger 1/3 pound and it was not bad! It's on the salty side, though. If the burger didn't have any bacon on it, then it would be perfect. It is not your clean, petite, cute burger. It's greasy, artery clogging, and bold junk for your tummy.The fries were pretty solid, waaay better than In-n-Out's, whose fries reminds me of eating styro foam. It has a flavorless and weird texture IMO. The fried pickles from here are not special and we could've done without. They were not crispy, barely battered and rather pickly (you know, sour and pickled lol). All in all, I was satisfied after devouring the helluva burger from here. Satisfied, but guilty. I might need to run 5 miles to jump start my digestion, though. Prior to entering this place, I joked with my sister and said, "I hope this place doesn't make us take one".. (....you know, ...a smash? ha-ha) and it didn't! I know, I'm gross.BTW, one reviewer mentioned that you have to clean up after yourself? I asked the cashier just to be sure and was told to leave my trays where they were.
4	Ordered the Rebel Special. Pretty darn good! I don't like the fries much though. Too oily. Ew.
5	Smashburger has the BEST fast-casual hamburger, period! Their burgers are so delicious and flavorful and there are so many yummy toppings to choose from so you can make your ideal, personalized hamburger (avocado, bacon, cheddar, grilled onions on a pretzel bun... YUM!).I don't get people who say it's expensive compared to a place like In & Out- of COURSE it's more expensive than In & Out. In & Out is a straight-up fast food hamburger. Smashburger is on the border between a fast food and a restaurant burger; the two cannot be fairly compared!I ate here a bunch of times when I lived in Illinois and since moving to Vegas, I've gotten to try the Sin City burger (with a couple of modifications) and it was delicious. OH and the Smashfries are awesome. Salty, but awesome.
4	I've been here a few times.  My favorite is the Baja burger!!Haven't tried the shakes yet. Sweet potato fries and Harvest Salad are good, too.
5	SmashBurger is my absolute FAVORITE.  I think it's equal to In-N-out, if not better.  I suggest the Sin CIty Burger.  WORTH THE PAY!!!!
3	I wanted to love this place I really really did. I mean come on they have fired pickles!But when Fried Pickles were the highlight of the meal it's not a good sign, afterall their name isn't Smash Pickle.The burger was OK, I've had better, the way they prep them is a little odd, They take black angus beef and slam it onto a hot griddle, it's all smooshed down, and while the crispy char on the outside is nice, the burger came out a little dry for my liking.The fries were nothing great, and as I stated earlier the Fried Pickles were the highlight of the meal.The place is quite small, and even after bussing most of the tables were still drity. In a city with a million burger places you need to do something to stand out and I don't think they did.
5	Don't be mad at me when I say what I'm about to say, but, here it is: I'm almost certain Smashburger has better burgers than In N Out. I know, I know... In N Out is awesome. They have great burgers, fries, shakes... all that stuff. Plus, In N Out is a staple in the UNLV student's diet as it's so close to campus. And, yes, prices at In N Out are fair. I agree with all that. So why is Smashburger better? Read on.First of all, this review is specific to this Smashburger. The other location I go to, the Lake Mead location, is really good, but is more hit-or-miss. This location seems to be consistently good, so I like it a little bit more. Now, the food: the food here is good. My burger was really good, the tomatoes, lettuce and onions were good, and the sauce was good, too. It was a good burger! The bread was pretty good, too, so no complaints in that department. The fries were good, even though they were a little bit thinner than I like them. All in all, great food! Great burger, good fries. As other reviews have noted, this place is more restaurant than fast food. The prices reflect that, too, so be prepared to pay more than you might want to. Still, this is definitely a place you want to check out!
3	I went with someone else who had a half off coupon. When we went in, it was not busy yet, and I saw employees hanging out, and unclean tables, but figured they hadn't gotten to it. So I didn't think much of it. Well when we left those same tables and the bathrooms were all dirty, and it was starting to get busy, so Im pretty sure the place staid dirty until they closed.When it comes to the food, since I am Vegetarian, I got the Black Bean Burger, which was ok, but was poorly made and kept falling apart on me, which is annoying. Now what keeps me from giving the place a 2 or 1 is two different things.The 1st is Sweet potato fries, they were DELICIOUS, and the 2nd was the deep fried PICKLES. I was scared when I saw them on the menu, but ordered them out of pure fat curiosity. This time curiosity didn't kill the cat, instead it made its ass jiggle for a week. My FAT HEART almost exploded when I tried themIn conclusion, I will come back, but only for the SWEET POTATO FRIES and the DEEP FRIED PICKLES, and I will get them to go, and pick up aBoca burger from Fat Burger instead.
5	After going several times always being served excellent food, I often recommend smashburger to friends.My personal favorite is the build your own chicken sandwich. Standouts for me are the spicy chipotle bun and applewood smoked bacon.My girlfriend loves their salads and I consider her standards very high. She doesn't often rave about salads unless they are 5 star.Staff is great and restaurant is clean. Smashburger is defiantly a must try.
5	Our first encounter with Smashburger was for a friend's birthday party. At the time, my son had yet to outgrow his milk protein and soy protein intolerance/allergy. Which makes eating out something of a challenge for us. Fortunately, Smashburger has an extensive and informative food allergy menu/guide on their website, and the create your own option allows me to easily get a burger free of allergens to share with my son. The food here is really good too. We love their burgers, and the Smash fries. I was sad to learn though that it's not just seasonings and olive oil on the fries though. Their website indicates that there is soy in the seasoning, and my son did have a slight reaction after eating them.
2	The hype of this place let me down. I was so excited to finally try this place and after the yelp holiday bazaar my friend and I were starving and decided to try it out. I'm a girl who loves her cheeseburgers, but this place just did not win me over. I asked the casher what the best one was and I went for the Sin City burger. I also got the chili cheese fries and my friend and I both decided that those were a major let down. so bummed! My burger was just as this star review says, "meh. i've experienced better." it even left me with a stomach ache the rest of the evening.The layout of this location was a little odd too. the soda machines are hiding on the other end. The people were nice, but that really was the highlight. For the price I don't even think I would be back. I'll stick to five guys.
2	Overpriced and just ok..  Service wasn't anything fantastic.  Grind Burger up the street is better, cheaper, and cool ambiance.
4	So far, best grilled chicken sandwich I have ever had, as well as the best fries ever! The smash fries are amazing. Tossed in a perfect mixture of olive oil, rosemary, and garlic. SO scrumptious! I really like how you can choose which kind of bun you would like. The wheat one is really good to me, it might be called multigrain, but I cannot remember, only that it was tasty. I have been told the burgers are great, so that will be my next meal hopefully, though those grilled chicken they offer is quite amazing and I love my chicken! And I might try a milkshake one day, but only if I can share it with someone like they did the 50s. That would be super awesome.I do feel the price is a little steep and it took a super long time to get my food to go, I will still be back. Most definitely for those AMAZING fries!
4	Let me start by saying that I am a fan of Smashburger, but it's not the best burger I've ever had or will have for that matter. It is definitely a huge step above In & Out and about as good as it gets for "fast food." The Smash fries are absolutely fantastic! Little crunchy gems tossed in rosemary, olive oil, and garlic. I am pretty sure I could eat a barrel of them by myself. The burgers aren't bad either. I tend to favor the mushroom and swiss burger. My husband opts for the BBQ, bacon, and cheddar with a chipotle bun, just the right amount of spicy and savory. We have also tried the sweet potato fries and the haystack onions, both of them are OK but nothing special. I have also indulged in the fried pickles, which are overly salty to the point where they are almost inedible. However, if we are talking flavor then this is one of the best, if not the best, fast food burger and fries out there.
3	I always order a strawberry shake, Chicago dog and sweet potato fries here but I don't do it often because the food is just a few dollars more then what I would normally spend on lunch. The con's are that sometimes my food is too greasy and last time I ate there i actually became sick. someone didn't cook the food right. Pro's when cooked right, this food tastes so delicious It's worth the extra few dollars.
2	This my first review here, I've been here a few times, the first was awesome, each consecutive time seems to get worse!! All the ingredients although fresh, really need someone to watch the preparation of them, everything is so frigging SALTY!! If salt is your thing, than this is the place for you, with all the great ingredients here, I just don't know why they let those show through? This could be a better place but until someone steps in and fixes this salty mess, I probably won't be back!!
4	As far as high end fast food burgers go, this is by far my favorite stop.  Fresh ingredients, quick service and same taste in every store, this place has it all.  I tried the Sin City burger since they don't have it in Dallas and it was amazing.  Make sure to always order the smash fries or sweet potato smash fries.
4	Cashier: Is this your first time visiting Smashburger?Me: Yes it is.Cashier: Excellent choice then.I tried their blackbean vegan burger which was very good and made in the restaurant (not from freezer).  Was definitely full after eating here.  Good food in a casual but well decorated atmosphere.
2	I don't get this place.  Hamburger squished so thin that it goes over the sides of the bun?  How does this help?  And the meat is so over salted that you don't actually taste anything else.  I tried the chicken sandwich to stay away from the "smash"; no luck.There is an In-N-Out burger next door to this Smash Burger.  I recommend going to it instead.
3	The rating is more of a 3.5 but I rounded down considering I rated Five Guys 4 stars.The fries are too thin.  You can't taste any potato.  Additionally, I paid for the special oil something-or-other.  It didn't add any flavor, it just made them greasy.I got a bbq bacon cheeseburger.  Good quality hand packed hamburger.  A bit too well done for my liking. Carmelized bacon was really good.  BBQ sauce was just regular KC Masterpiece or something.It was a pretty good burger, I will admit.  But it's not as good as Five Guys and that's their most similar competition.  Prices are a tad bit better than Five Guys though.
3	Went back here after a long hiatus. I was sad to see that they removed the smaller sized salads from the menu. Plus, they don't offer the raspberry vinaigrette anymore. Doesn't really work for someone who usually wants a more healthy and affordable alternative for lunch.The harvest chicken salad is still plentiful and tasty, but it just costs too much with the large size for a regular lunch. I know I'm kinda silly for not getting the burgers here, but a habit of burgers just won't do when I eat lunch outside on the daily.
4	I'll start off by letting you this is not a fast food joint.  You can get your burger and fries to go, but you'll enjoy it much more if you eat in the restaurant.  This is head and shoulders above In and Out and Five Guys.The menu has something for just about everyone, but it not too big.  I enjoy the Smash Burger most: Burger with lettuce, tomato, cheese, bacon, and a fried egg.  I guess it's probably a little overboard, but it's a great burger to have every now and then.  The fries are good, but I recommend the sweet potato fries and the smash fries (regular fries with evoo and rosemary).If you're near this location or one of the other Smash Burgers, stop by.  You'll be happy you did.
4	Have been to several other "Best of LV ....." burger joints and always disappointed. Not here! Fresh, tasty, hot food :) Restaurant is always clean. Personnel is always friendly & professional. I will return and return and return.
1	This place was pretty hyped up to me. I was in anticipation of something great. I can overlook the fact that my order was screwed up and had to be remade - that can happen anywhere. I got the fries in the olive oil and they did taste good, but were soggy and the bottom ones were left in an oil "soup." The burger itself was unremarkable. The meat did seem to have a specific taste to it, but any taste it had was overshadowed by the large bun. It's almost as if the burger had no taste at all. In the end, my throat was coated by something in either the fries or the burger that I was attempting to spit out all day, and similar to another review I read, I had a stomachache for the rest of the night.On the plus side, the service was great and the people were really nice.Maybe the stomach issue could be attibuted to the fact that I'm not for the most part used to grossly unhealthy food. If I ate McDonald's after years of not touching it, I would have a similar experience. Given the option, I would instead go "Fat", "Five", or just go in and out.I can't imagine that I would return here.
4	Can never get enough! Please put more mushrooms on 4 dosen't cut it.
4	Yum!  I like in-n-out and five guys as well, but I may prefer this place by a hair for the below reasons:1) Garlic rosemary fries.  I love garlic and rosemary, and I liked that they are thin cut fries.  You get a nice crunch that way.  Mine weren't pooling in oil, but I see how this could easily be an issue if someone gets a tad overzealous in the kitchen.2) The bun.  Doesn't look like anything special, but tasted better than the competitions to me.3) They have milkshakes.  Made with haagen-dazs ice cream.It's not my regular burger spot, but definitely satisfies a particular craving, and like the 4-star description says, I'm a fan.
4	Very good burger joint - small size is all u need - can get messy!  However, u can maintain control by flipping your sandwich over with every bite. Sin city burger is the best with fried egg!  Yum!  We'll be coming back for more!
5	been wanting to try this pace for awhile and finally did and no regrets. i just the smash burger and smash fries and i smashed the #$$%^% outta that burger into my stomach!
2	I wasn't impressed.  Yes, the menu looks great!But the utter greasiness of the food was just such a turn off.  The burger and the fries were swimming in oil.  My stomach hurt after eating here just from the sheer amount of oil.  Don't get me wrong, I think love a juicy burger, Five Guys are my favorites, but this wasn't juicy it was just gross.  I gave it two stars just because there are a lot of options.
4	This 4 star review is due to their awesome shakes, so let's start with that.1.  Shakes - It doesn't get any better when you get a nice thick shake, and also the mixing canister it came in that is half full still of the amazing liquid gold!  Tasty, thick, and just right.2.  Service - If you go right at lunch it will be crowded. We went during spring break and being next to the university and all, it was still busy with business types.  They ask you if you have been there before, and I said no, and they took my order. I have no idea why they ask you if you have been there, because nothing was explained.  However, complimenting the service is that they deliver to your table and they are friendly.3.  Selection - Salad, Chicken, burgers, you have  great variety of burgers to choose from. IT is a bit overwhelming to figure it all out, however, everyone enjoyed their selection:Ceasar Salad with chicken - Nice. Tasty, very little dressing which is perfect, and we added chicken on top. Thinly sliced and very succulent.  Classic Hamburger with Cheese - Just right size for the young ones. They did finish it, anything larger would have been an issue.Classic Chicken - Nice. The chicken is also cut so thin, it is juicy and just right.Beef Chili - Not too spicy. good tasting. Plenty of bits in it and it is not soupy.. Nice and thick...Sweet Potato Smash Fries - These were very nice indeed. Such a subtle flavor.Chocolate Shake and Butterfinger Shake - simply to die for.GK says check it out.
4	Good place to get a decent burger.  Love the Sin City burger and the garlic fries  Can't always eat at In n Out.  Price is decent and the place is clean.  Seating is self-serve.  I usually find some coupon to sweeten the deals.  There's a self serve drink machine.  Servers and cleaners are friendly and nice. Parking is a plenty.
3	Pretty damn good,a little overpriced,hence only 3 stars. Love the interior,service was great,lot of options(mushroom swiss burger,sweet fries)give it a shot!
4	Sin City burger (minus the bacon) is amazing.  On the salty side but I can overlook that.  Modern decor and clean.  I've been to the one in Summerlin a couple times as well and both are similar in decor and food quality.
3	I go by this place almost every week. Tonight was my first time stepping inside.The layout confused me at first, I wanted to walk straight ahead after entering the doors. Then my friend waived me over to the left side where the menu was on the wall. The counter where you order is near that.I like the simplicity of the menu. Either pick a burger that they've created or make up your own burger with different options/toppings. What I did not really like was that the server at the counter did not know what "gluten-free" meant. He had a very "wtf??" look on him. He went in the back to talk with the cook, then came back and brought out the employee handbook. We then flipped through it to find their allergen section. Here's what I can remember from the handbook:* Angus burgers are okay when ordered without the bun and without "fried toppings" like the haystack onions* You might have issues with cross-contamination as everything is cooked on the same grill* Fries are not okay and there's obvious cross-contamination in the fryer* Premium and malt milkshakes are not okay (obvious reasons)We were in a dangerous mood, so we stayed and ordered. My gluten-free friend ordered a Sin City burger, sans onions, sans bun. I got the "Rebel Special" all-American burger, sans bun. I also added an egg on top.The burgers came out on a plate. I was expecting it to be wrapped in lettuce, so it would be more burger-like, but it was like an open-faced sandwich -- or rather, a hamburger steak with toppings. We were given forks and knives to eat it with. Should have taken a pic, but we were starving.My "burger" was decent. It had cheese, pickles, raw red onions, and some ketchup/mustard. The egg went really well with the burger. My only gripe was that the burger meat itself was a tad over-seasoned. Not sure how my friend's burger was, but he scarfed it down quick.The cost for all this was about $20 (including drinks and a regular shake). Worth it? I don't know. But it was nice to have a "gourmet" burger for once.
5	Smash Burger is the bomb. For a lower priced burger (in-n-out, The Habit) this place rocks. Burgers are definitely heavier so i always end up ordering the small burger. My burger of choice is the Sin City Burger. Fried egg on it is legit. I get the sauce on the side so i can control the amount on the burger (first time i went there was a little more than i liked). I have already been back there 3 times since my first visit. AND lets be honest. A place that stays open that is litterally next door to an INNY? Has to be good.
4	Dear Smashburger....oooooohhhhh mmmmmm. Let me count the ways how you are so sinfully good. 1) you serve alchohol. 2) your service was good 3) you brought my food to me 4)you got it right on the first try and I always order complicatedly. mmmmm and 5) the way that everything melted together in my mouth and exploded with flavor that made my eyes roll back took me by surprise. It's a BURGER. might as well have been having a filet mignon the way I was enjoying this burger. It was AMAZING. seriously, haven't had a better burger. The bun was a special bun, I think it was a potato bun I don't know, but it was AMAZING. the fries were delicious...... I miss you Smashburger and I wish you were here with me now.Love,C
4	Super nice find away from the hustle and bustle of the LV Strip. They make those burgers fast!!
4	It is in a random location, way off the strip. +1 delish garlic fries+1 really clean inside+1 great prices+1 Bacon cheeseburger is THE BESTI wouldn't make a special drive for these burgers, but it definitely a great place for a good burger.
4	This place is really good! Love the smash fries with olive oil dipping sauce and their classic burger along with their milkshilk to die for, made from scratch.. Downside with this place is you will spend alot of money , a bit pricey but still worth it, you will walk away on a full stomach!  I would reccomend this place if your a burger fanatic..
4	I really like the sin city burger. That's the only burger I've had and it's so so so good. Could quite possibly be my favorite nominally priced burger. I've heard the mushroom burger is tasty as well, but everyone I tell myself to try something different, I'm drawn to the sin city. Try it, you won't regret it.
4	Just tried Smashburger for the first time, and was not disappointed.  I consider myself a bit of a burger aficionado, so I ordered the restaurant's signature burger and fries.  In the LV region, it's the Sin City burger and Smashfries.  Both were delicious.  However, the menu is much much larger, offering chicken burgers, hot dogs, and shakes, which I've yet to try, and expect to review in the future.  If there was a Shake Shack Burger in the West, Smashburger would be its close cousin.Sin City Burger:-designed for carnivores (as it doesn't come with any lettuce or tomatoes)-beef patty is meaty, flattened, and has a wider circumference than the rest of the burger, so you take more time eating and enjoying it.-fried egg and caramelized onions complement each other, and the yolk adds to the savoriness.-egg bun provides a hint of sweetness-a bit oily, as it was evident that oil was dripping from my fingers.  does not diminish flavor and experience of the burger.Smashfries:-crispy-rosemary and garlic seasoning is superbPrices tend to be a little higher, as the burgers are fancier than fast food joints.  However, I used a BOGO coupon acquired from playing the burger smasher game on http://smashburgerburgersmasher.com/, which made it super affordable.  Would go again if I get another deal like this.
2	I've heard a lot about this burger joint so I guess I expected more than what I got. The burger was real salty. Like to the point where I couldn't really taste anything else. Tried the fried pickles and damn.. Same problem. Now, you would expect the fries to be salty too, but nope. They were actually pretty good. Now I don't like giving places bad reviews, but this place is definitely not one of the best in the area. So many other good burger joints to try around the valley, this one isn't really worth it.
3	In my opinion, there's nothing above average about these thin, over-salted burger patties. Smashburger gets one star for a nice and clean restaurant, and two stars for the smashfries (rosemary, garlic, olive oil - delicious). I ordered the Spicy Baja burger. It comes with pepper jack cheese, guacamole, lettuce, onion, tomato, and spicy chipotle mayo on a chipotle bun. When I placed my order, I asked for avocado instead of guacamole. It wasn't until I sat down that I realized they charged me $2 extra for that substitution. Usually, I wouldn't mind, and correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't guacamole made by mashing up avocado? And the piece of avocado that came on top of my burger was the size of two fingers and all I could do was roll my eyes. Overall, the burger was nothing special. The patty was salty and a little dry and did not have much flavor. The burger was not juicy, it was greasy. There is a difference. Why eat here when you can walk 50 feet north and have In N Out?My friend ordered the Sin City Burger and when he was about half way through his burger, he looked at me and said, "this just might be the most delicious thing I have ever put in my mouth." O_oPerhaps I did not order the right burger, or perhaps I'm just a little picky when it comes to burgers... but I am not a fan.
4	If you want cheap and good you walk next door to In-N-Out. If you want something a little bit fancier but very good like guacamole on your burger or sweet potato fries you come here. My first impression was kinda ho hum as they were slow to get to the counter and take my order. And their fountain drinks were kinda flat and not mixed properly. But the food more than offset that. I loved my Spicy Baja burger and sweet potato smashfries. So much so that I am looking forward to coming back and having them again. They were really good!When it comes to my list of hamburger places in Vegas that are fast and reasonably priced Smashburger in one visit catapulted itself to the top of my list. I like Smashburger! And I will be back!
5	I love these burgers! They are always done right, and they have options for sizes.  The sides are great, and for dessert they have Haagen-Dazs shakes! Great service rounds out the total package!
5	I can't believe I'm still tasting this burger and although I was severely drunk by the time I got to the meal every bite was sooooo good!I got the Sin City burger which had onion strings, cheese, fried egg, and a 1/2 lb patty..Need I say more? I was surprised to know this combo didn't make the burger salty overall and I can't say enough about the beef..It was just melt in your mouth juicy and the seasoning of the meat was just representin' for the 702..(Yes cool or not I just said that)..HahaYou also have to try the smash frys as well..I believe there was rosemary, olive oil, and garlic..Now that partnered with a crotch moistening burger was a happy ending for anyone's taste buds!
2	Sweet potato fries - Tastes like sweet potatoes, phew! Sin City Burger - Okay, but wayyyyy too salty.Deep fried pickles - Terrible. Pickles are cut WAY too thick it's inedible because it is extremely salty and potent for something that's breaded. Cut the pickles SUPER THIN and you'll have a winner. Yeah. I didn't even want my leftover food packed to-go.
4	Love their mushroom burgers! And the kid's chicken strips are hot and fresh. Definitely a go-to if you love burgers.
4	As Austin Powers would say, "Smashing baby, yeah!"I have tried every one of their burgers and my favorite is the Spicy Baja! With that said, for you noobs and/or connisseurs, your perfect starting burger and sidekick should be the All-American or Classic Burger and Smash Fries.All their burgers are made from 100 percent angus beef and come in two sizes. Smash and Big Smash for a dollar more. They also have grilled and crispy chicken burgers for all you chicken fanatics.The fries and the other sides alone can keep you coming back. Obviously, if you get a Big Smash, good luck in finishing your sides. What I usually do is one of 3 things. 1. Get a Smash size and side. 2. Just get the Big Smash cuz its much bigger so you dont really need a side. 3. For the few times that im really hungry and/or im with people, I get the the Big Smash and at least one side and sometimes two so we can share.For a complete list of their menu and contact info, go to their website: www.smashburger.comService is decent and they try to get your order out in a timely manner. From all of the locations I have been in, their bathrooms are one person occupancy rooms. So sometimes you have to wait. Random story. I was wanting to go to Gamestop to look for a game and subconsciously, I pulled up into the parking lot of a Smashburger. I guess from the color scheme it can easily confuse you if you are not paying attention. Nevertheless, I went in and got my Spicy Baja. Of course I still went to Gamestop later on.
5	Imagine if In-n-Out became a fancy-shmancy restaurant. It would be Smashburger.I am a health conscious person, and while a lot of their burgers may be super tasty (the Sin City one was good, but way too greasy for me), there is one that is tasty and still semi-healthy. The goat cheese and spinach sandwich got me addicted to goat cheese. This sandwich is just really good and the ingredients are superb. I have yet to try the salad version of the sandwich. I know these probably are not healthy, but the smash fries (with olive oil and rosemary) are amazing (I just keep telling myself that olive oil is good for you...).
4	I had the BBQ bacon cheeseburger. That baby was very filling and it satisfied me for the rest of the day. I liked the fast casual atmosphere and the price reflects that it is a few notches above a regular old fast food burger joint. The best part for me were the smash fries which are made with rosemary and olive oil. I know that everyone has a personal preference for fries and they hit most of the points for me. They were fresh tasting, just a tad bigger than shoestring, and not over-salted. I think I may just get an order of fries next time!
3	After two trips here, I think it is alright.  I haven't been here since they first opened, and it was not on my radar for nearby options at work.  My colleague and lunchmate suggested it, and off we went.The burger itself was great.  I ordered a small make-my-own burger on classic egg bun, topped with grilled onions, fresh jalepenos, fried egg, avocado, and goat cheese.  For some reason, this combo truly worked.  It was darn tasty.  The egg was not runny at all, but it still added a special flavor.  It was initially forgotten when my burger arrived at the table, but was quickly brought back.I also ordered the sweet potato smashfries.  The concept of the added spices is great on fries, but the sweet potato fries looked double fried, completely different than the regular fries my friend had.  Also, each bite tasted like soaked in oil - and it was oozy.  I did not eat much of the fries.It is quite expensive (especially with my add ons) but the small burger is the right size and as a clean slate is under $4.  I would return for my specific combination of deliciousness.
5	Still my favorite burger joint. Got the buffalo grilled chicken on lettuce. Served up with plenty of sauce and bleu cheese. Nom! This burger would have earned them six stars, if I could have that many to give them.They were out of sweet potatoes - bummer! - but made up for it with great customer service and super cheap Oly beer (flashback from my Seattle days). Being that they are located next door to a college, I honestly wasn't expecting good service (sorry, kids,) but was VERY pleasantly surprised. We were greeted by a friendly person as we walked through the door. She was busing tables clear across the room, but took the time to welcome us. The man at the counter was efficient and patient (with my "trade-this-for-that-and-make-sure-this-other-thing-doesn'-hit-my-food-and-can-I-get-a-salad-fork?" quirkiness, I have been known to bring order takers to tears. He held up his end with a smile and some friendly banter.) When he came back out to break it to me that they had run out of sweet potato fries, he didn't deliver it in the typical "sucks to be you" fashion, but showed genuine remorse and offered to make it up to me. I got free cheese and onions on my replacement order of smash fries. Good job, kiddo.Was reading some other reviews, where folks actually complained about the spicy fry sauce. Seriously? That's one of the BEST parts of this joint! Some people are so vanilla-bland brainwashed by the likes of McCrapper's that they wouldn't know good food if it bit them back. I mean, for crying out loud, it says spicy - what where you expecting? Strawberries? Geesh.
3	Smashburger is one of those new upscale fastfood burger joints that have been popping up lately. Its in the same vein as Five Guys and the like. I don't really mind the food but to be honest, I can't leave the place and tell my self that it was worth the money I paid. Don't get me  wrong... the food is good, waaay better than the slop you get at mcdonalds, but keep in a mind that an average combo is around $11+. To me that approaches the same cost as a sit-down restaurant which this is not. Smashburger is celebrated and improved fast food but its still the same stuff. The restaurant itself is pretty minimal, big paint words like SMASH and BURGER all over the walls. The tables and seating area are better than would find at most burger places in town but this particular location is starting to look a little run down to me. Cracked seats, food under the table, - it needs maintenance.You can't really complain about the burgers here though. They are big, taste good and are satisfying. They have enough options and add-ons to satisfy pretty much even the most pickiest of eaters. There are different buns, burger sizes, toppings, everything you could want. The ingredients are of great quality and the food is consistent. The fries on the other hand is a totally different story, I've had every incarnation of fries they have on their menu. The smash fries, regular fries, sweet potato friends, pickle fries and to me, they all suck. The regular fries I swear to god are the same thing at mcdonalds, the sweet potato fries look and taste like they have been fried 3x. The smash fries are a good idea if I can get them not sitting in a puddle of oil every time they are brought out, and the pickle fries (yes they are there) are good but not something any body would get regularly. Check the place out if you want a good burger, but its way over priced for what you get.
3	I had a bbq bacon burger once - I hated it. It's way too much,,,, but I guess if you are into healthy menu, you wouldn't eat here. Buns are soaked with oil - you feel you are eating lard. It's something that you shouldn't eat everyday - not even once in a week...... if you don't wanna get FAT.I liked fries OK. Unique stuff like fried pickles was OK. Only good thing about this place is the price. They sell beer cheap. I think I paid only a buck or two for PBR.
2	Smashburger came to Vegas out of nowhere. As much as I like their atmosphere & service line.. Their food just didn't impress me. A good burger consists of good juicy, flavorful meat. No matter what yummy toppings are on it. Mine didn't . Their prices make no sense either. Besides that, I honestly don't remember how my fries were. Afterwards, I had to try an infamous malt. The chocolate flavored one was okay. I'll give them another try for a different burger!
5	The BEST burger I've had in a very long time.  Beats all the other recently popular burger places by far.  Can't wait to go back.
3	Not sure what the hype is about.. This place is too expensive and the food is too salty. On the positive side, the service was really good.  Will I go back? No, there are better places.
2	I've been to Smashburger a total of three times. Two of them happened to be at this particular location on Maryland Parkway right next to the UNLV campus. My experiences have been "okay" but more like... hey, I've had better burgers than this experiences. Therefore the 2-star rating must be awarded, especially after the visit I had last night after work.All day I was looking forward to trying out the Baja Burger. I wanted something spicy, something meaty, something satisfying. I figured - this would be it! I was wrong. The burger was actually quite bland, unless I happened to be biting into a jalapeno. There was only a couple times I said, "Hey, that's spicy" and even less times I thought "This burger is totally worth the price I paid for it". I suppose Smash-fans are lovers of all the toppings you can apply to burgers here. Perhaps the different sides you can pair with your burger as well. But to me - it's just not worth the price tag.Baja Burger - 5.99Smash Fries - 1.99Coke - 1.89Total - $11+Note that Smashburger does NOT make combos. You must order these things separate. Almost 12 bucks for a burger combo? No thanks. I'll go to a sit down restaurant, pay that much and then leave a bit more for a tip. That would be better than this.Overall the food was NOT BAD. The burger's bun was actually the most enjoyable thing I had. The Smash fries were not what I expected. Yes, I tasted the rosemary, but not so much the garlic. Plus my fries were teeny tiny fries! Like, I had gotten the bottom of the entire batch! I just cannot say I was satisfied and I can say I probably would have been more satisfied if I had just gone to Inn N Out next door.  3 strikes. Sorry Smashburger, you're outta my rotation.
3	So when they get your order right, it is awesome! It is a 50/50chance that I get the right order. I usually go for three or four of us from work, and get it to go. At least half of the time, the order is wrong. Today they fogot an order of fries, and the Buffalo chicken sandwiches had no hot sauce on them. Another time three out of the four lunches were incorrect. But, when they are on, they are on- and the food is very good. Salds are huge, and the chicken sandwiches are very large as well. It is always jam packed, and it never seems like they have enough help. I keep going back only because we are addicted to the Buffalo chicken sandwich- crispy!
3	It's pretty good, but honestly nothing toooooo special.  The burgers and chicken sandwiches are good and I wouldn't mind dining here again, but it's not something I crave or get super excited about going to. I don't like that you have to order everything separately. I'm a student so I can get the student special which is a combo, but other than that it's all separate. Too expensive for my taste. All in all, if you wanna try it, go for it! But if you don't, then don't worry..you're not really missing out haha
2	We dont have one so I thought I would give it a try in Las Vegas. Foods not bad but not worth the price thats for sure. Plenty of good burgers in Vegas for 1/2 the price. In N Out and Five guys are within a mile either one is better. Both our fries had clearly been sitting for a while as they both just about room temp.
4	Came back and I at least feel the burger is tastier. I don't think my Sin City had as much salt from previous times and I am all about the less than $10 meal nowadays. So here's another star!
3	The black bean burger is great, but the customer service here is lacking!! They do not seem to care about their jobs. However, the Black Bean Burger Baja Style is worth it.
3	okay burger
5	The sin city burger was AWESOME! And the chili cheese fries tasted way better than they looked. Decent prices & nice atmosphere. I definitely recommend this place!
4	So when we were looking at the menu and asking questions they asked us if it was our first time here which it was so he made some suggestions and it was worth listening too... I had been wanting to try fried pickles for a while so when he suggested them for a side I was excited to order them and how awesome is it that I can add an ice cold beer to my meal for $1?? I wasn't disappointed at all.. After a few minutes at the table he brought out our burgers and sides, we asked for more ranch which he promptly returned with. A few minutes into our meal he stopped by and asked us how we liked everything and was very polite!! I have returned 3 times since then and still have yet to be disappointed!! Sometimes I wish they were open 24hrs so I could get fried pickles every time I crave them!! I have even gone to the extreme of waiting outside for them to open after I had been at starbucks and was staring at the building while in the drive-thru waiting for my drinks!!
4	I've recently started going out to try different burger joints with a friend, and I'd heard so much about this place that I finally decided to go there and sample their food.Honestly, I was surprised to find out how much more I liked it than I already thought I was going to.  I had the Baja Burger and it was absolutely delicious. They have just the right amount of heat, and their chipotle buns are great! I'm going to go back today and try something else off of the menu. Until proven otherwise, this is the best spot for a burger in town (for me).
5	Hello Yelpers I'd like to introduce the best burger for the money I've ever have.  The Sin City Smash burger w/ spicy chipotle mayo and jalapenos http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/smashburger-las-vegas-4?select=7gPzfADwbIT6xb3utlcKcw#tEvMVRY-uTBvyT29kvln5A whoa!!! Whoa!! Hands off!!! I've always been hesitant to going to Smash Burger cause I always heard "Oh expensive" haha what!? Not even expensive.  Dumb non-yelpers haha jk.  I could have been eating smash burger for the 100th time not just 2nd. Oops I just saw a few yelpers say it's expensive, they're cool.  I think they're still kind of cheap for a good burger but yes a little expensive for a chain burger place especially if you throw in the add ons that aren't free.  When you go to Smash Burger do yourself a favor and just get the Sin City Smash Burger which already has a fried egg, bacon, American cheese, grilled onions, haystack onion and the smash sauce and play around with the free add ons.  I liked mine with the spicy mayo and jalapenos.  You don't always have to build your own burger that's when it gets pricey.  The fries are real good too. In and Out is good but I like Smash Burger (burgers and fries) more. I heard they use to offer those punch cards for frequently eating there but nope not anymore but they do serve cheap beer. I'm not a fan of the service and that they don't have a drive thru. OK all the lower rating made me second guess my original 5 star rating I was going to give. FOOUU FIVE STAR IM MORE THAN A FAN...and hungry.
4	Bbq bacon chedder burger , sweet potato smash fries and a chocolate shake. Great, great and fair price.
5	I've been here multiple times now, and it's always a treat when I get to have their Smash Fries.  Lately, I've been ordering the Sin City Burger, as well as the Nutter Butter Shake. The staff are friendly and helpful, both important qualities that can make or break my experience from the get go. The food though, oh lordy, the food!First, the burger.  Normally I try to get anything with egg on it, because eggs are wonderful and delicious, and this burger is awesome. breaded onions, onions, cheese, beef, bacon and an egg make up the components of this item, and I love it! I never finish it in one sitting, as I'm full by the time I'm halfway. It is amazing, I can't even elaborate further on it.Second, the Nutter Butter milkshake. Quite possibly the greatest shake I've ever had in my life. It tastes exactly how you'd imagine it to be, the nutter butter flavor lingers after each swallow and it makes me happy.I'm hopefully moving, and though this establishment is already fairly close to my home, the prospect of being a block or so away makes me giddy with excitement. If you haven't been here, you need to go.
4	So you roll meat into a ball, and they smash it, smash burger. easy concept. Tried what everyone has been talking about, and that is their Sin City Burger. Applewood smoked bacon, haystack onions, grilled onions and a fried egg. All served with what they call their smash sauce. Couldn't really get a distinct flavor with their smash sauce, had so many other things going for it in that one burger alone. But the burger was great. Came out fresh of course and juicy, can't go wrong. Had their Smash Fries as well, flavors weren't overpowering.great flavor overall. Wanting to go back to try the other stuff they got.
5	Ladies and Gentlemen! You wanna talk about one of the best burgers in town? This is it!!!! I'm not saying it's the Best, still have a few places to try, but it's def on my Top 5!I have the SinCity Burger-seasoned meat, fried egg, special sauce and grilled onions with a basket of sweet potato fries! I fell asleep with the burger in my hand because I was determined to finish the entire thing!I later woke up, burger still in hand, finished it cold and it was still tasty!I'm a customer forever!True Story!
1	Iv'e been meaning to leave a review on this crap of burger place, but seriously, how important is "Assburger". This year, since this is my last year in Vegas, I told myself i wanna try best burger spot out here. And so far, its not being going so well. Me and my lovely lady decided to try SmashAss on a Saturday, since we heard so many great things about them(Im not being sarcastic, for once). I walked in solo since I was just getting a take out order. The line was pretty steep and it took a good 10 mins before I could place my order. I decided to have the 1/2lb Sin City Burger(lettuce,pickles,grilled onions,bacon,swiss cheese and a fried egg) w/Smash Fries and my girl got the build your own burger(lettuce,tomatoes,pickles,mayo,mustard,swiss and avacado)w/fried pickles and a couple sides of ranch. Now just from the looks of it, you would think these burgers were great right??...WRONG!!! To spare you my complaining, the only thing I liked on my burger was the fried egg. The bacon was burnt and the burger really just tasted like onions and overcooked meat. Well, thats pretty much what I was eating(Duhh).The "egg bun" they have is pretty basic and so are there fries. My girl said her burger tasted like Sh*t(fyi:It didnt really taste like sh*t, I had a bite of it when she was done, pretty bad, but no sh*t taste :) Also, im not an expert on avacado, but is it suppose to be brown?? Well the stuff on her burger was. Lastly, the reason for the 1 star is the lack of quality in simple sh*t that should be good, such as ranch. This had to be the worst ranch ever. It tasted sweet like Kraft ranch you by from Wal-Mart. Cool people, Horrible Food.PS:SOGGY ASS FRIED PICKLES, eat them if you love cholesterol!!!
5	I used to come here once a week. It was a day I looked forward to when I would finish class and not have work for the rest of the day. Something about the food is just so classic to me - the sin city, the root beer floats and the fries. It's a bit pricey to some, but I'd rather pay a few extra bucks for the quality.
4	If you are a UNLV student, this restaurant gives you discount pricing for an excellent, and filling meal.  For most, a single order would be good for 2 people.The burgers and fries are excellent, but a little pricey.
4	I like the food here; espicially the mushroom swiss. Best mushroom swiss i've ever had. The only downside is the price. A lot for a little. But you get what you pay for and it is delicious!
2	It's pricey as fuck, no complete fucking meals, ordering shit on the side makes me feel like a fat motherfucker. There's a dude named Shannon and he looks at me as I eat my hamburger and I look at him at he has a boner growing in his pants. No I'm kidding but he might as well have one the way he kept looking at our general direction, now theres nothing wrong with it, but don't play that gay stuff now. Food is okay, french fries are thin as fuck an little to no taste at all. It was empty as fuck in there cause In-N-Out is right next door. You should go to In-N-Out. Employees at In-N-Out work about 3 TIMES as harder in one shift than Shannon does in a week.
4	great place to visit if you want a different burger!!  Rosemary fries are great!!!
3	Just moved my daughter from one dorm room to another and needed something fast and easy... this place was right next door to In n Out... it's not In n Out for taste and value, but I did enjoy the chipotle sauce and the bun... I ordered the kids meal because I like getting the "small" burger... the size is more like In n Out's and just right for a late hour snack... with fries and a small drink... a good change of pace.  My son got the mushroom swiss with smash fries (garlic fries), it looked good for a gourmet burger... this place reminds me of 5 guys in price and quality... mmmmmm... I guess I'm more of an In n Out type... although I do enjoy your "Sin City Burger"... that's a 4 star burger for sure... I also found out you can order any signature burger from around the country, it's just not going to be a menu item... good to know next time I'm moving my daughter out...
4	They have amazing fried pickles
4	Love, love, LOVE Smashburger!  As a first timer I was totally head over heels for this place.  A million people had told me how good it was and I finally got to see for myself. The angus burgers are ridiculously amazing.  You can choose a build-your-own or from one of their delicious menu options.  I loved the one with the fried egg.  There are awesome fry options including regular fries, sweet potato fries, and smash fries (rosemary, olive oil and garlic), which are a great alternative to the plain ones.  You can even get a side of the haystack onions.  Yes, please!  They serve milkshakes, which I can't wait to try.  I love that they give them to you plus the extra leftover in the milkshake cup.  I got asked for a water cup and they even cut their straws in half to fit the size of the smaller cup. Prices are good. A little more expensive than in n Out and I think it just depends on what you're in the mood for - I can't say one is better than the other.  I wish there were more of these around the valley!  I will be back to try many more burger combos!
1	My husband tried a couple locations and told me he didn't taste the salt thing, so I figured I'd give them another chance. Even with "light seasoning" as my receipt claims, I still tasted mostly salt and grease. Seven hours later, it's still repeating on me. The burger also was quite thin, and definitely not worth $6.99 for a "big" size. Oh, and when you put a fried egg on a burger, you don't make it over hard... It's supposed to be over easy, idiots!Guess this place goes into the trash heap along with In n' Out. People who eat at either of those places must not have functioning taste buds. :\
2	Haven't been to one of these in awhile. Probably will not revisit this one. Fried pickles were Terrible. Super greasy, smelt like burnt oil, no breading. Like eating hot stinky pickles.sin city burger was Ok.
4	This is one of the few hamburger places I eat at because the burgers are SO fresh.  I first tried this place from a Groupon and have been going back ever since.  They offer a discounted meal for UNLV students (id required) too. I like Smashburger over In and Out. The burgers here have substance. They have chicken options also. PROS:Sin City burger- beef patty, smash sauce, bacon, fried onions and a fried egg on an egg bun.Fried PicklesFrench Fries (skinny like McDonalds)
5	This place is awesome! Staff is friendly and the service was great. Now to the burgers, FRESH! The bread was very soft, cheese melted to perfection and the ingredients(tomatoes, onions etc) were fresh. None of that pickled crap. Gourmet burger for mc donald price. I encourage everyone to try this place.
4	Smashbuger on Maryland Parkway is fantastic. My family and I went there yesterdau for  late lunch . Not only is the food wonderful my SinCity Burger was very tasty with both deep fried onions strings and sauted onions with an egg and bacon and my Smashfries perfection drizzled with olive oil rosemary and garlic. The staff were friendly ,fast and efficient! The restaurant is clean and bright with music filling it. They also run specials for the poor college kids that hover near by at UNLV . If you want a burger but want more than fast food atmosphere and quality Smashburger is THE place you want to go. All round excellence!
4	One of the better burger chains. I've been to them in Las Vegas as well as Sacramento... and I've found several items on the menu to be consistently good. Yeah, it's a burger place, but check out the salads and chili as well. Haven't found any major faults here.
4	If you're looking for a great tasting burger, then you'll love this place. It's right next to the famous UNLV and that other burger place. You just gotta try it.
4	This was the first time I'd ever been to a Smashburger.The  place was clean. And now onto the food.  I tried my buddies chili cheese fries and I found it a bit odd that the fries were really thin. I got  the sin city burger and I added mushrooms. The grilled onions needed to cook a little longer. My egg was fully cooked and I prefer my yolk runny but then again it was really delicious. The burger was a tad oversalted. These are all small complaints. I added the fresh jalepenos on my burger from my buddies chili cheese fries and they gave it a nice heat. It really was a solid burger. I would definitely eat here again. I wasn't even that hungry and when I was done my burger looked like a high school virgin after prom night... non-existent.  The ice tea however, was  not fresh and flat out disgusting.
5	We came here on a Friday evening and order the Sin city burger (6.99), Avocado club crispy chicken (6.99), and smash fries (1.99) for $9.79 (used the BOGO hamburger deal exp 8/27/13)- Next to UNLV. Be careful, when we got there, 3 cop cars had to pull over a car across the street from this place! Friday night commotion! haha. - Fast service. We got our burgers in less than 10 min. Fresh. - Sin City burger was delicious. Anything with bacon and a fried egg makes it an instant hit! - Avocado club lacked much avocado but the crispy chicken was mmm mm good! Better than Chick Fil-A. Amazing! - French fries were cut thin. Had better fries, but still good. - Free shake on your bday. Sign up. - Great casual fast burger Joint! - In terms of the Burger (not fries): 1) Smash 2) Habit 3) Five Guys. Controversial list!
3	I would give Five Stars alone for their sweet potato fries. I put one in my mouth and didn't even realize that I was just eating them away. I look down and they are almost gone. What the heck?! Where did they go? In my belly, yep.But other than the sweet potato fries I don't know how much I would rant and rave about this place. I ordered a sin city burger and it was tasty. The patty itself was well flavored. The bun was soft and buttery. My egg was just how I not like, well done and crispy. But overall it was a solid burger. Bacon was one strip cut in half to try to cover most of the burger, didn't work out so well.The regular smash fries suck though. Bland, limp and major suck-age. The haystack onions were pretty tasty, just kinda greasy. I walked away from this place really enjoying their burger but I don't know if it is the best burger ever. I was crippled by poor customer service, starting from the girl who didn't know how to ring us up and ended up using the wrong groupon.  That itself was an experience. I am not sure that they felt so bad about it. They made me feel like I was crippling them with my problem. Manager finally came and said sorry to me as we were about to leave our table while cracking her knuckles. In my opinion, just not so professional. Maybe it's a nervous tick for her but it can easily be misconstrued and taken another way.It's a fancy dressed up burger with a fast food feel to it. Definitely worth trying at least once. I would return if I was with others and they wanted to go, just don't know I would say I had to go to this place to have their burgers. The sweet potato fries, yes.
1	Had the most horrible experience here first they run out of bacon then there are no fries and then they have 2 people working to cover a line that is 30 people long. Never come here again should of walked next door to in n out
4	"Gourmet" or at least independent and regional burger chains are the new big thing and get both the old junk food burger clientele who are sick and tired of the same old garbage and the new anti-junk food clientele who appreciate non-corporate, less factory food burgers.  I'm not entirely sure how much less factory these guys are.Their burger is nothing to Yelp about.  Haha.  That will replace "write home about" pretty soon.  I liked their aoili sauce.  The only reason they get four stars is that they allow you drink beer at the store and it's only $3 for domestics which is approximately 150% cheaper than a casino.  They ran out of regular fries.  The line was long and it took a while, but seriously, if you want a better burger, you really do have to wait for it.  They give you a number and bring your food to you.  This is a great concept because you get to sit down and drink a beer and FB while you wait.  I still think Five Guys has the best chain burgers around followed by Fuddruckers and Fatburger.  Fukuburger, the Vegas burger truck has mediocre burger patties with incredible sauce.  One of these days, I'll order a Five Guys, wipe everything off it, and put the Smashburger aoili on it or the Fukuburger sauce on it.
2	I appreciate what my lil homie MEANT to do when he recommended this place BUTTT... To begin with they didn't have the pretzel bun I saw on the website and I REALLY wanted to try that. The restaurant wasn't crowded but we stil sat down at a dirty table. When my husband asked for it to be cleaned it was done but not well. My husband actually asked for a towel so he could clean it himself, and of course that didn't sit well with the staff. My daughter's order of Rosemary and olive oil tossed fries had a pool of oil at the bottom AND when she was grossed out and went to the bathroom feeling nauseous a grown man walked in on her!!!! Not ok. My sandwich itself was very fresh but my lettuce leaf was so big I had to break and fold it over again. My meat flavor was just ok,nothing to rave about but it was WAY too salty. I'm sure that was a mistake. They didn't serve bad food, but I can cross this place of my to do list.  Been here done this... I won't be back. But the lady who took our order was very nice. Until we needed the table wiped.
3	OK, I guess I can upgrade my rating.I had a gift certificate for a free 1/3 pound burger burning a hole in my wallet, and I finally found myself near one of these locations without having lunch elsewhere first. I was wary because it was one of my much maligned one-star locations, but I figured I'd order a different burger this time at least. Just as soon as one of the employees finally steps up to the register to take the order...OK, so maybe it was only two minutes at most,with nobody in the ordering line ahead of me. Not terrible, but reminded me of the bad service last time. The Mushroom Swiss burger ended up being the most captivating option. It had truffle oil, mayo, mushroom, swiss cheese, and the burger on whatever an egg bun is. I found it to be quite tasty and not too salty at all.Congrats, UNLV location of Smashburger, you have regained a couple of stars. Maybe I will patronize your business establishment in the future. Having said that, I wouldn't really drive out here (or to the one on Eastern) when I have a fast food burger craving since I'll just fulfill it with In-N-Out or some sort of coupon instead. We shall see.
4	A flyer caught my eye so I saved it.  I finally used it last night and I must say the Large Mushroom Burger with Swiss cheese had my tastebuds doing somersaults.  The meat was fresh and cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Next time I will have them put some lettuce and onions..I think that will even taste better.  My girlfriend had the regular smashburger and she also loved it.  The Oreo shake made with Haagen Das seemed a little small but boy was it creamy and delicious.  The real hit for both of us was the "smashfries".. yummy.. shoestring fries tossed in garlic, olive oil and rosemary.Next time,I am trying the Spicy Baja Burger or maybe make my own...  The workers were courteous,helpful and knowledgeable.Woohoo... I'll be back!!
1	Food was very SALTY... BAD service... rude employee... Said... Have to kick you out... We are closed... Could have said it in a nicer way... Not coming back here... Sticking to In and Out...
3	Nothing to write home about. The seating booths are really uncomfortable. The Rosemary fries were too oily.
5	We had been to Smashburger in Ohio before and wanted to go back remembering how great it was the first time.The menu is the same, though they do always have a "local" burger, here the sin city which my husband got with a fried egg,  applewood smoked bacon, American cheese, grilled onions, haystack onions and our smash sauce on an egg bun.As well as a make your own and some smash fries tossed with rosemary, olive oil and garlic.I had a make your own veggie burger on a multigrain bun, veggie fries which are flash-fried carrot sticks and green beans AND a harvest salad with fresh greens, balsamic tomatoes, raisins, dried cranberries, sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, and blue cheese topped with balsamic vinaigrette, no blue cheese, add guac.YUMMMMMMMMMMMMM!Way too much food, the salads at $5.99 are HUGE!SO fresh, def enough, the burger great, black bean, very tasty.Veggie fries, also tasty.My son got a kids meal, also generous in size, we paid just under $40 for a ton of food.The restaurant is super clean, everyone here is really on top of their game and offer fantastic service.You get fresh and healthy food for a fast food price, that just can't be beat!The manager checked on us often, he was great, I like the open kitchen, I need a Smashburger closer to home, they really are THAT good!
2	Good burgers but would rather pay less and go next door to In n Out. Very expensive for what you get. Not really worth it.
5	This place is really good! I mean, you have to have some cojones to open up a burger shop next to In-N-Out burger, right? I mean, that's some stiff competition. But Smashburger is holding their own and they make a tasty burger. I've eaten here a handful of times but I've only tasted two burgers because they're so good, I always get them. My favorite is the Sin City burger for $5.99. It has Fried egg, applewood smoked bacon, American cheese, grilled onions, haystack onions and smash sauce on an egg bun. The smash sauce tastes like a mixture of yellow mustard and relish. It's a great burger, my only complaint is, like Sin City itself, it's overkill, there's too much going on. I've remedied the problem by eating the bacon, then the haystack onions by themselves, and just leaving the burger, egg, grilled onions and sauce together. It works mighty fine for me. Their truffle mushroom swiss burger is fantastic too. Of course, as their namesake says, their burgers get their great flavor from being smashed, so the outside is crispy but the inside is juicy (ask for it medium just to make sure). Honorable mention are their Smash fries (fries coated with olive oil and rosemary), their sweet potato fries and their milkshakes (made with Haagen Daz ice cream).
3	pros: love the burgers, food and quality you get. able to customize your order literally. I got the Baja smashburger with haystack onions. no complaints here.coins : dirty tables when I sat down and moved, and no student discount but near UNLV ?? lady at register says "its Vegas for ya"
2	Not vegan-friendly. Weren't very friendly in general. I've had the black bean burger multiple times when I wasn't vegan and it's nothing amazing. What I remember being great about this place is that you can choose to add a bunch of ingredients in your burger. But every time I've ordered to go, they leave out the majority of what I asked for.
5	I am a self professed burger connoisseur..ever since I was young my favorite meal has often had "burger" in it. I ordered the Bacon cheese burger. The bun was perfectly fresh and soft. The meat was juicy, tender and cooked to perfection. The free extra's and chipotle sauce is amazing.The service was top notch and even though this was my first visit, this place rocketed to #1 for burgers in my book.
4	Bomb food. Expect them to get your order wrong. If your at the right location, they'll make it right immediately. But all that is trumped by bomb food.
2	I love the smash burger chain. My husband I were regulars in Colorado. I don't know if it's because this one is in Vegas so it sucks but the service is slow. My main beef with this Smash is when you check in on yelp they give you a 10% coupon towards your meal, they don't accept that anymore!!!! We got to the cashier and she said "actually, we stopped doing that". Really? Maybe you should make it so it doesn't pop up anymore. Just frustrated. The food was good so I can't complain on that. Just big on delivering what they promise. And... No soap in the bathrooms!!!!And they bring out the food seperately... Cuz I want to eat in front of my husband while he just watches me... And the trash cans haven't been emptied in a while... Just displeased.
4	Smashburger is a good burger alternative to the In n Out next door. Think of it almost as a somewhat higher quality In n Out. They have a pretty extensive menu with chicken burgers and their regular burgers. Also, you can build your own burger. They also have a number of different sides and shakes.I like to get the Sin City burger, which has onions, egg, smash sauce, and bacon. Top it off with a side of smash fries and you're set.They are a little bit on the greasy and pricey side, but this place is a pretty solid burger joint.
4	After waiting our turn in line and approaching the register, I was surprised to find out that this Smashburger location was the first ever built in Las Vegas! Not a bad idea at all by the folk over at corporate Smashburger trying to test the waters by putting a location right across the street from about 30,000 hungry collegiate students, some of whom are undoubtedly sick of the campus food.After putting our order in I was sad to hear that they no longer accept the 10% off with the Yelp app check-in anymore. However, in lieu of the discount the nice lady behind the register comped one of our burgers instead!Much like the other Smashburger locations, the food is tried, tested, and always a home run. It tastes great, is brought to your table quickly, and an employee is always there for a follow-up to ask how the food was.
5	1st time trying this place and it did not disappoint! I got the Sin City burger with a side of fries, it was amazing! The service was great our cashier Aaron was very helpful and friendly! quick service and to top it off i found $5 bucks near my table!
4	If u believed everything u read on yelp, u will never experience anything. U have to try something's for ur self. Smashburger is a good example. I seen a usual whiner abt stupid shit. All bent abt nothing. This place rocks. Period! Is everything perfect. Uh no. What is?  The service was great and the food was good. Not to mention it's near UNLV. So there's some nice young babes to look at. I had the bacon burger and fries. Personally I thought it's better than Five Guys. 4 stars!
4	Good yummy fresh burgers to your ordering choice. free dry peanuts all you can eat, lol. if you order fries, they give a lot to share with your party, too much to eat by yourself.
3	It's a step up from in-and-out but nothing special. The hamburger was decent and they had a good selection of sides but the burger itself was nothing I have to go back for. I only went to see what my co-workers were raving about. It's not bad, just not as good as fatburger. You take all the sides, options, and other crap and it's an average burger that tasted the same as a cheaper burger chain.
4	We split a bacon cheeseburger, spinach salad, IBC root beer in a frosty cold mug and garlic rosemary fries. It was all good. They cut their shoot ring fries right here!!! And even though I'm NOT a fan of rosemary, I must admit these people struck a great balance between potato, garlic, salt and rosemary. I would order them again.The burger was good (even though it was well done) and we opted for the Udis gluten free bun and bacon OTS (on the side) next time I'd get the classic with cheese...tomato and lettuce would have been a big help since we all know gluten free bread is always a bit dry.The spinach and goat cheese salad w/ grilled chicken was awesome!!! The cheese was fantastic &flavorful. Here's what came in the salad: fresh spinach, diced balsamic tomatoes, raisins, dried cranberries, sunflower and pumpkin seeds, red onion and cucumber. We asked for dressing on the side, but the balsamic from the tomatoes was plenty! The chicken was perfectly cooked through and still moist! A+.Enjoy and have a great day!
2	The black bean burger is NONVEGAN. The employee stated that the patty is made with egg, and the cheese is pre-placed on top of it.
4	Pretty good food here!  Service was amazing for a fast food joint. The cashier was very nice, food came out very quick and after our food came, he asked us how it was! When we were leaving, the cashier came and took our trash out of my hands to throw it away. I did knock off one star because I thought it was pricey for fast food. Tasty food, great service makes me a fan. We will be back.
4	Pretty good food for the price. The BBQ Bacon Burger was off the chain! Overall GOOD place to eat. No Military Discount :(
3	Good toppings and bun. But a burger at a non fast food that can only be cooked well done?  This needs to be an option if you want more stars for an $8 burger.
1	They have the worst system for taking orders and filling them. It took 49 minutes for us to get our food from the time we first got into their long and slow-moving line. The orders seemed to come out one burger at a time and in no particular order. Yes, the food was good but no fast food is worth a 49 minute wait.  Next time we will go to In-N-Out next door.
2	Food is good. But they forgot my order and had to wait 40 minutes. They gave my order to the wrong person...
5	I love Smash Burger. My fav is the SinCity Burger.This location is awesome! Its close to home and the people are all friendly! :) :) :)
2	Ehh. The milkshakes & service was great, but the food was average. & it's really cold inside
5	Sooooo good, my fav burger place in town hands down!!!! Service here is always great.. I like to come here even though its not the closest to my house. keep up the good work!
3	This place started off really well then kind of took a turn after it had been open for a while. The burger patty themselves would just be falling apart and they end up charging for every little thing that you change about the burger. When on campus just stick with in & out they are always solid.
3	Great food and great service. Only thing that's been negatively consistent is the strong, uneasy aroma you smell once you walk in to this location. It stinks and they need to do something about that...
5	The bacon-mushroom burger and their special fries are my personal favorites! Best burger place in town for me!
5	Sun City burger: like hangover awesomeness! Fried egg, bacon, cheese , fried onions, onions on an egg bun. Cure what ails ya!I love how every state  has a different burger!
4	Had my first Smashburger experience at this location. Staff was super helpful in guiding me through the menu and options. The guy was patient and considerate. However, in my opinion, it is a tad expensive for what it is.
3	My girlfriend and I. just had dinner there tonight and it was not bad at all. There fries were realy good and the Hamburg buns were great.
4	(12-5-14) Oh my this was tasty and they had vitamin water in the fountain drinks area. I so needed another alternative to soda. I'd go back for more. Just wish they had a combo instead of charging things separately.
5	Excellent customer service! I arrived 20 minutes late to pick up my order, which was already bagged, ready to go. The store manager noticed that the bag was sitting out for a while, asked if I had a minute, and had the cook redo my order JUST so that I could enjoy a warm, freshly cooked lunch. This was completely unsolicited! Thank you Smashburger for not only having burgers that hit the spot, but for your awesome customer service!
5	Excellent service cant be taught. Received some of the best customer service since I've been in Vegas. Jake is a super nice guy and looks like he enjoys what he does! I'm not from the area but the next time I'm here,I'll be sure to stop by here. And the burger.......OH LAWD!!! Absolute delicious! Burger was well cooked and still juicy! Fries were pretty good as well. And the shakes!!!! Wheeeeeeeww!! As said by Terry Crews in The Longest Yard, "I got the shakes that'll make you quake!!!". No joke, these shakes are another reason to visit here lol. Everyone should try at least once....or twice...ok 3 times!!Get yo smash on!!
5	Some of the best burgers I've ever had in my life. Friendly staff, decent decor, and smash fries are to die for.
5	Excellent customer service. Felt welcome the moment my husband and I walked in. Carrie and Bella were very friendly. Food was great, excellent quality. Bacon cheeseburger no cheese and tomato lettuce.And a classic no onion well done with garlic fries and a coke.
4	This was my first visit to a Smashburger and it was a smashing success.Having never been to one before, I asked what the difference was between the regular burger and the big burger. The response was "it's the difference between being full and still being hungry." Excellent answer!I got my own jab in when asked if my order was for here or to go. "For here...although technically I will be taking it with me when I leave." Hey-O!I had the BBQ, Bacon, Cheddar big burger. It was outstanding. I also got a regular order of the Smashfries. I really liked the Smashfries although the portion was really small. Yeah, I got the regular size, but it was smaller than I expected. They lost a star for that.Overall though, very good food, very friendly and fun staff, and this particular location was very clean.I'll definitely be back.
2	I've eaten at Smash Burger in New Orleans which was by the best, I've eaten at the location in 1000 oaks which was OK, and now Las Vegas which was shit.  N.A.S.T.Y.  The consistency of the 3 smash burgers are all different and don't taste the same.  Skip this shit shack and go next door to In and Out and have a double double.  The 2 stars were for the really good oreo cookie shake.
