4	After our flight into Mesa, our friends decided to grab a quick lunch to go from Arby's.  I chose the specialty on the flyer found at a my friend's house--a pastrami sandwich with curly fries.Nothing beats hunger from:1. Waking up at 5 a.m., 2. Being holed up in a plane for nearly 2 hours with LOUD, obnoxious baseball fans coming to watch Spring Training, 3. And being blasted by 90-degree weather at 10:30 a.m...Except, of course, pastrami on rye, with melted cheese on sauerkraut with a handful of curly fries, Diet Dr. Pepper, and Jalapeno poppers with raspberry sauce!  I must say, this is some good junk food, my friends, good junk food!!
3	I didn't have occasion to go inside this Arby's,I just went through the drive thru. I had a craving for a peppermint milkshake and when I did some research online the only fast food place I could find that had the peppermint flavor Rather than pumpkin or egg nog was the Arby's. Fortunately it wasn't very far from my motel. The milkshake was very good although I'm not sure if they use real ice cream.  The kid at the counter was very generous with whipped cream, and while it wasn't huge it was big enough that I could drink half that night and freeze half to eat a couple days later.  The price was $2.99.
4	I stopped by here after going to the Bookman's that on the same NW corner of Southern Ave & Country Club. I got a piping hot fish sandwich with light tarter sauce. It was yummy. The young man at the counter was very friendly, and the inside of the Arby's looked great. There is also a Goodwill and a 99 Cent Only store at that same complex. I included some photos in my review.
3	Really like the Roast Beef on King's Hawaiian Roll sandwich.  It costs about $6.50 though.Child likes the jr. chicken sandwich.French fries and curly fries are not good.
1	Not sure what happened to Arby's, but every time I eat here I get sick. It hasn't been just me either. I know multiple people who have gotten sick from eating at Arby's. Which saddens me because it still tastes pretty good, just not like it use to.
