5	This is THE costume place in Edinburgh. Like a cave full of costume related treats. Its a little pokey, but that only adds to the fun. A friend of mine does Costume Design at uni so we often pop in here for random bits and it more often than not turns into a game of who can find the funniest costume. I am amazed that this little shop holds so much and it fills all your costume needs under one roof. I often find needs I didn't know I had being satisfied, which is always fun for the old purse. But it is surprisingly cheap, generally costume shops are overpriced just because they can be, well not this one. At Halloween I managed to complete my flapper costume with beads, head dress and one of those funny little cigarette things for under a tenner. This shop is great fun and will probably save you from that inevitable dilemma of what to dress up as at Halloween.
4	This fancy-dress shop is really quite small, but packs a punch! It is crammed with really cool, funny costumes and looks brilliant. I wandered in here once and came out with bangers. Remember them? I had a great time throwing them at un-suspecting passers by. My brother came out with a really disgusting mask, which he went on to win a bottle of champagne with, so the quality of their costumes is high,I am planning on going back, just for the bangers.
4	Here lies some novelty costumes that are actually affordable.  Superhero costumes, horror themed attire etc it's all here and at a price that won't make you wince. I'm alluding to another fancy dress shop (Partymania) where the costumes are nearly double the mark up prices of Costume haha's offerings.Fancy dress parties need no longer be a chore to attend.
4	As far as costume shops go, this is one of the best around. The twin of A Ha Ha just on Victoria street, this has everything your fancy dress customer could need. They have all the traditional outfits - pirate, ninja, cowboy, vampire. These all come in the women's range as well - sexy pirate, sexy ninja, sexy cowgirl and sexy vampire...and of course sexy nurse. If you're feeling a bit more original and want to create your own then they have all the ingredients to brew up a perfect disguise. With wigs, fake beards, masks, hats, glasses, fake noses, fake warts etc adorning the wall, you can make pretty much any costume. They also have a healthy supply of make up and fake blood for those going the extra mile.A word of warning though, if you're going around Halloween time, go about a week early, otherwise most of their stuff (especially fake blood - a must for Halloween) has sold out, and the queues are at least 20 or 30 people long outside the door.
4	How often do you ever need to go to a costume store? Not often I'd wager. So when I found myself one evening in desperate need of a lei (y'know, the Hawaiian flower wreath! What's that smirk for?!) in the middle of the Grassmarket I did think "where on earth am I going to get my lei?" (Ok now I am just teasing).After a quick search on the Yelp app (shameless iphone plug) it turned out that, lo! there was a costume shop literally around the corner! I'd passed it many times before but having never been in need of a boa, dracula teeth or scream mask in the past hadn't clocked it.Its bright orange exterior made it easy to spot, and it has a great location. As others such as Amy G have said, it's not huge inside but it has a massive collection of different costume props. And just like that, I got lei'd. (Ok I gotta stop overdoing it.) Easy to spot, great quality, the white and pink one was the one for me.I noticed the girl at the counter was reading The Time Traveller's Wife. One of my favourite modern novels, I couldn't help but comment. Being a chatty wee thing I often find people will either smile politely but make minimal conversation, or be equally chatty back. It turns out the girl in Costume Haha was of the latter half, and what a lovely start to the day that made! So not only does the costume shop deliver the goods, it has friendly genuine staff to boot.Halloween is a wee while away, and since going in here I have the sudden urge to don some glitter and platforms. Now I just need the party...!
3	I have 3 different themed parties coming up: moulin rouge, fright night, and jungle and Costume Haha was a place that we stopped by. I was able to get half the things I needed for moulin rouge and jungle, and I'm sure if I had made up my mind for fright night I could have found half the stuff I needed there too. Overall, its got a lot of things, but hard to find a complete costume unless you buy one of the ones that comes in a bag (then you're still missing shoes, and probably random other little things).
