5	I just went to this place today for the first time and I just love it!  Inside is very pretty and all of the staff was friendly. Also I went at 8:45 in the morning and they open at 8 AM and there was no one there so I was in and out in 20 minutes!
5	This place is amazing! I walked in at 7:55 pm with the paperwork filled out already, since the forms are available online to print and fill out, and walked out at 8:20 pm. I have never been taken care of that quickly...ever. On top of that, they were super friendly and the office is massive! You don't feel cramped at all and the furniture is adorable. I will definitely be going here anytime something is amiss! They WOWed me!I almost want to get sick again so I can go back xD
5	I was very pleased and when you don't feel good that is hard to do. I love the colors in the waiting room Yellow & Grey. Staff was very nice and DR Urbina was really down to earth felt comfortable talking to him. I just hate those old guys that are text book doctors.... It was a Saturday morning right after they opened.
1	This place was amazing. I love the doctor and the staff is wonderful. The waiting room was nice and had stuff for children to do and it was not too cold like most offices. However, I will not ever set foot back in there after speaking with the office that does the billing for them. While most places use outside companies for billing, this one does not. The person I spoke with was extremely rude. He insulted me, and lectured me. Because of that I will never go back.
5	Love it.  Walked in just after 4pm on a Thursday. The place was empty and even better Disney's Hercules was on the tv. Handed in my forms that I had already filled out and waited in the adorable lobby to be seen. This place is very well decorated. You can't even tell that it use to be a blockbuster.The front staff were two young ladies who were very nice and impressed that I was all prepared with my forms. The girl who did my pre-screen and blood pressure was charming and the PA Urbina was nice and efficient. I feel good about this place. As I sit in the room waiting for my prescription I can hear Mulan starting up. Have I mentioned that I love this place? Waaaaay better than UMC Quickcare.I was in and out in about 20 minutes antibiotics prescription in hand and I do want to point out that business was starting to pick up as I was leaving.
5	There was NO wait! None, not just because I had chest pains either, LOL. There were 2 people in the waiting room, I was in in under 10 min, on a Monday morning, which is a notorious" I need a doctors excuse" busy day. The receptionist was gracious, and Dr Medenhall was really really good. Checked several things, got my meds, and I was off. On the way out another guy was whining about paying his bill when it only took under an hour. LOL  Guess they should have made him stick around?
1	While the waiting room is beautiful and they usually get you back pretty quickly I just had a terrible experience. I went in with excruciating abdominal pain. They got me in a room pretty quickly but while I was waiting I could hear them just standing outside the door talking about football. Mean while I'm crouching on the floor crying from the pain. The doctor finally meanders in. He doesn't even examine me.. Asks a few questions then writes me a prescription. Went to get it filled and it was a jug of stuff to drink to get ready for a colonoscopy.. Found out the real problem a few days later, kidney stones. This was extreme negligence due to their laziness. Will never go back there again.
2	I called ahead and they said there wasn't a wait. I've been sitting in the lobby for an hour at this point, listening to the doctor berate the assistants. Not only is he acting completely unprofessional, but it's making everyone or here very uncomfortable. Sounds like he either needs a vacation or a career change. I'll never come back to this location. Craigslist Rd or bust!
1	I was seen here when they first opened. Everyone was pleasant and it was an ok experience. I was back in for a TB test two weeks ago and was not pleased. Front desk was rude and unfriendly.  Because I paid for a 2 step I have to come here to have the 2nd test placed. Today is my 3rd time trying to get the 2nd test placed because they insist that I wait in line for all the patients to be seen before they will place it.  I am NOT seeing the doctor...why do I have to wait?! This is ridiculous! Seeing as I have to complete this for work, I have no choice but to wait. One unhappy camper!
4	I came in early morning yesterday for a check up on what was hives, possibly a reaction from whatever it could have been. Anyways, as I walked into the beautiful model office, I was greeted kindly by a nice woman who listened to my concerns and asked for my id, credit card & insurance card and few papers to be filled out by me. I waited possibly about 25 mins, but they were very informative about my wait time and kept me updated on where I was. I was called in by a sweet male nurse who was soft spoken and oh so kind. After he was done, told me the next steps and I was told to wait for the doctor. Once the doctor came in, he was friendly and straight to the point. He listened and knew exactly what I was talking about and what I can do and what he can do for cure my horrible reaction. He gave me the information I needed and told me to wait for the nurse with my shot and perception for my medications. The nurse who came after and given me the shot for my reaction was the friendliest & sweetest young lady ever! She totally made me feel good, appreciated and important as a patient. She made sure I was comfortable before, during and after my shot. She explained any questions or concerns I've had. Overall experience with this clinic, being my only first visit; I was impressed and very pleased. Knowing a doctor who knows what he is doing (saying this because after the shot, few hours later my hives were ALL gone) I was and am a happy patient! Definitely will be recommending and returning!
1	The staff was wonderful and polite.   I went in late one night with pain in my ear.   They couldn't figure out what was wrong with me.   The doctor and the staff are great.   The billing is what I am having a huge issue with.   I NEVER received a bill in the mail.  Now I am getting threatened that they are just going to take my money.   I will never go here again because I've never dealt with an urgent care place that never sends a bill then sends a threatening email that they are just going to take money off the card I have on file.
