3	The Paper Gallery is an amiable card shop, with the classic caption card that every good relative appreciates, plus a small selection of gifts.Everything is clearly laid out in here, leaving no room for confusion. Towards the rear of the shop, there are Edward Monkton mugs, Mamjii characters and some Oriental ornaments. Nothing particularly unusual for a card shop, but the Oriental coasters stand out as being very beautiful.They sold some nice floral print mugs in here that would do as a last ditch birthday present, and their card selection was up to date, being tasteful rather than gregariously cool. But as much as I liked the Paper Gallery, I found it eerily quiet! I could hear myself awkwardly creaking the springy floorboards under my feet. It's not essential but I would've felt more at ease had there been a bit of background music.
3	A great place to find cards for almost every occasion as well as small gifts such as mugs etc. It's run by a very quiet Chinese couple who won't make a sound when you walk in, and will let you browse around the store in peace. I am a particular fan of the oriental art gifts they have and my friends always get wicked artsy birthday cards from here.Prices are average for a card selling shop and it's location is quite convenient for a last minute gift or a card for the post office up the street.
3	This is a lovely little card and gift shop. Edinburgh has a number of these types of stores but Paper Gallery is particularly nice.Paper Gallery has a lovely selection of cards, as you would hope, as well as wrapping paper, ribbon and all the cardy sort of essentials. Just about every occasion is covered, Birthday, Valentines etc., and don't expect just your average Clinton's cards. I'm not a huge fan of cards, I tend to find them a waste of money, but even I was amused browsing the stock in Paper Gallery.The selection of gifts sometimes ranges on standard but the Gallery has some particularly pretty oriental themed bits and bobs like bowls and little ornaments.At the counter you will find a glass cabinet with some nice jewellery and little trinkets, if that's your sort of thing. I'm not a great judge on these sorts of things but they appealed to me.Like a lot of independent gift shops it unfortunately gets a little pricey
4	The Paper Gallery is a great place to pop into in Edinburgh to buy cards and gifts for all occasions. They sell really unique cards, which can be a wee bit on the expensive side if they are handmade, but they are gorgeous and they have a vast range on offer so you are able to find a card to suit every occasion. In addition to cards, The Paper Gallery also sells wrapping paper, ribbons, bows, mugs and plenty of little gift items. As the couple who run the shop are Chinese there are lots of oriental ornaments and gifts which are very cute and a great present to buy for a birthday or Christmas. Probably my favourite aspect of the shop is the counter at the front of the store which has a lovely selection of unique jewellery. If you look down when you pay you will notice the beautiful selection of jewellery on offer which is very reasonably priced. The Paper Gallery is in a very convenient location, just around the corner from the University so it is great place for students to pop into to buy a birthday or valentine's card if they are running late.
4	Located on Clerk Street, The Paper Gallery is a delightful little card and gift shop that has an abundance of quirky items perfect for gift ideas.They have some gorgeous cards that are much nicer and more individual than the ones you would find in Clinton Cards or Birthdays but they are significantly more expensive too so it just depends who the receiver is and if you want to fork out a little bit more for them. In addition to cards they also have a good selection of wrapping paper and gift bags too.Like most gift shops they have a nice range of items such as mugs, cushions, little candles and other mindings perfect for presents.
3	Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love the Edward Monkton cards range and I almost feel like I'm cheating on them by saying what I'm about to say, but sometimes you want something a little bit different and original. In which case, The Paper Gallery will sort you out.There are cute cards, annoying noisy cards, rude cards, huge cards, tiny cards and any other style under the sun. They do cost more than other card shops though, which is probably why the shop is never particularly busy. In fact, this is the most eerily quiet shop I've ever set foot in, so much so that I usually leave without buying anything as it I feel like I'm being put on the spot.Still, maybe I'm just paranoid. Freakishly quiet or not, this is a really great place for any type of occasion.
4	The cards from here are definitely unique and you do get some cards that tend towards being a bit bizarre and more than just a little unusual.  Some might prefer the more traditional cards you'll find elsewhere, but if it's something a bit different and that breaks the mould you are after then this is most certainly the place to come.If you are among those who love to perfectly wrap up a gift to the point where it becomes a work of art rather than the mass of sticky tape I usually end up handing over, you'll also find this shop capable of providing all you need for the very finest in gift art.All in this place is a bit more expensive than the cheaper places, but if you're after something a bit special, you might decide that the extra expense is a worthwhile one.
1	Quite the rudest little woman who runs this explained she couldn't sell me the Valentine card in the window because it was out of stock! I explained I could reach the one I wanted as she couldn't, I was then told nothing in the window is for sale it's all for display. Ridiculous ! Will not return
