5	I needed some glossy color copies made of some large and odd shaped items.  You can just wonder what they were.  Anyway, I had been seeing ads at one of my favorite east valley coffee joints, Coffee Rush for some time.The ads were for 3 Monkeys Print & Design.  If you have followed my reviews at all you know I have an unexplained affinity for monkeys so of course I thought of 3 Monkeys first.  If one monkey is good then 3 must be 3 times as good. Now that I have done business with 3 Monkeys I couldn't possibly go anywhere else for my needs.  My printing and design needs that is.  Paolo and Miranda (I am assuming they are 2 of the monkeys but it could be that they actually have 3 monkeys themselves) did great work on the odd size glossy printing I needed.  Paolo even called me in the afternoon of the day I dropped the work off to find out if I needed the colors in the graphics to remain exactly the same or could they be brought out and made brighter.  Make my stuff brighter?  Can I bring over my sad sack cousin next?!?So when I dropped off the "large and odd shaped items" that I needed copied I asked Paolo about doing a stretched canvas print of a photo I took in Manhattan a couple years ago.  I explained that I wasn't sure how it would look blown up as it was only an 8 megapixel camera.  Isn't megapixel a fun word to say?  Shout it out with me now:  MEGAPIXEL!  There, don't you feel more technologically masterful right at this moment?  If you don't I would suggest repeating that shout until you do.  In the shower.Anyway, Paolo said he would take a look at the image (it was on my chubby.  Chubby drive.  Flash drive.  That's what my wife calls it.  The flash drive, not my...nevermind OK?)  And he would tell me if he thought the image would look ok blown up to the size I wanted.  We're talking about the image here.  To the size I wanted.  The image.  You still had chubby stuck in your mind didn't you?  So Paolo explained that he would not print an image if he didn't think it would turn out good and I would be happy with it.  So he had a look at it (the image silly) and said it should look great and that the rain and fog would lend itself to the texture of the canvas and it should come out great (the image).So I went ahead and had 3 Monkeys perform the service on it (the image) and when they were through I was very satisfied (with the image.  what were you thinking?)I took a picture of it (the image) and you can have a look at it (the image) with this review.I recommend 3 Monkeys highly and I will be back to have them handle my stuff.  My color stuff.  Printing and graphics.  That kind of stuff.  (Images)They are at the SW corner of Southern & McClintock, not the address that came up on Yelp.  I sent TPTB a message to correct this...
1	I went to 3 Monkeys looking to have some business cards printed with rounded edges since I was unhappy with the quality I had been recently receiving from overnightprints.com. The staff/owners said that even though this was a product they could produce, that they didn't know the price or turnaround time since they would have to send my file somewhere else to have it printed. They took down my name and number and said they'd call the next day with the information on the price and turnaround time for the cards.Several days went by without any response, so I called back and received an apology that they forgot to call and get the information and contact me and again I was told I'd be contacted later. They finally contacted me again that day and told me the cost and turnaround time. I needed the cards by a specific date, so instead of shipping the finished product to me we agreed that I would come pick the cards up a few days before the event I was purchasing them for.The turnaround time came and went without any word from 3 Monkeys. I called during business hours and had to leave a voice mail asking about the status of my order since no one answered. Another day went by without any response so I sent an e-mail and received a phone call back saying that my order wasn't finished and that they "told me" it wouldn't be done until sometime the following week.I called back again with no response during business hours and left a message asking for a refund since my order wouldn't be finished by the time I was originally promised and any time later they would be useless to me. Again I didn't receive a response until I sent an e-mail. They said they didn't receive my voice mail asking for a refund, but went ahead and refunded me.They had some of the worst customer service I've ever dealt with and this was coming from the owners. From not knowing the cost and turnaround time of their products, forgetting to call back, not answering the phone during business hours, and especially not having a product done on time and then telling me it was my mistake when I have a voice mail as proof confirming when my order should've been done, I would not go back to 3 Monkeys and was extremely disappointed. I ended up having no business cards for the event and at that point I would've rather had lower quality cards from another printer than no cards at all.
5	I love 3 monkeys.  They have always done the graphic work for Coffee Rush.  As always their work is always great. I recommend them highly.
5	Wonderful graphics and sign compant owned by the nicest young couple.  They go out of their way to provide top-notch service, a quality product at a fair price.It is a blessings to have found such a professional and caring company to work with.  : )KC
5	Although I did not purchase anything when I went in, I had a ton of questions. These guys really know how to treat people, they are patient and answered all of my questions regarding marketing materials. if it were not for a contract my co has for the printing of our materials, I would use these guys in a heart beat.
4	Fast, affordable and personable. 3Monkeys has a great intimate team and do a great job of making you feel like you are part of that team, wether the project be big or small. I also highly respect their social responsible when it comes to recycling, waste reduction and energy reduction. No greenwashing here folks just real green minds at work!
4	I found these guys straight on Yelp. I was driving around and need a quote for some stickers and they came up first on the Yelp app. After hearing their prices on fliers, we also added that to the job which I wasn't even trying to do with them originally. If you are searching for a print company and reading this review, just go ahead and call them, they will take care of you. I even messed up my design I sent over, they fixed it on their end but it still ended up getting printed with the mistake. Not a big deal and I still blame myself but they still offered to reprint them for free. There wasn't enough time to get them reprinted so they offed a discount on the next job. Thanks to Yelp for helping me find the perfect print company to work with!
1	At first I thought these guys were going to be awesome. Great phone service, great price and frankly easy to work with. However they dropped the ball big time. Never got back to me with proofs and the straight up no response for 36 hrs on whether they would even do the job. Unreliable. Let down. I was so excited to give my business to someone local too. Bummer. Don't use them..
5	I like supporting a business that is owned and operated by local folks.  3monkeys has provided me with excellent prints of my artwork and have exceeded my expectations for competitively priced prints.
5	Everything about 3monkeys is amazing. Our new club at ASU, ALPFA, has depended on 3monkeys for all of our marketing materials and their turnaround times, prices, and quality have always been miles ahead of other shops. They are always willing to take time to answer our sometimes banal questions with the greatest enthusiasm and walk us through any process - e-mails and phone calls are always immediately answered.Dependability and consistency are always the most difficult qualities to find in a business and 3monkeys has always excelled and made our lives much easier.
5	I needed an order ASAP and when I originally called they thought that for what I wanted it wouldn't be possible to get it to me in time because they type of printing takes awhile. But they bent over backward for me, made sure it was exactly what I wanted sent proofs and made any edit I needed. They were incredible and they got it to me a few days in advance! I would highly recommend them!
1	I had been trying to get a canvas printed for our wedding. I searched everywhere and finally found this place. I had been talking to the office manager about getting it done and she was great. However, after I sent the picture in to get it done, and ensure they could keep what I wanted without cropping I never heard back. I've even sent follow up emails, with no response in several weeks. I would say they need to work on customer service.
