4	I am giving Anita's a four star for their mild salsa, awesome, and their carne asada tacos.  My favs.  This place is a local favorite, there are not many places to choose from in Wickenburg.  My only complaint is that all of the entrees kinda taste the same.  This is not authentic mexican but rather mexican-american.
4	Great casual Mexican restaurant. Large dining rooms, and nice comfortable  tables too.The service was brisk, the food was above average (which means a lot here in Arizona), and the low prices were a bonus. I had the Tostada and Taco and was thoroughly satisfied. The chips and Salsa were good too - though the salsa could have used a little more heat.I have not tried any other restaurants in Wikenburg yet, but I will definitely try this one again.
3	For one of only a few restaurants, Anita's was pretty good.Nothing too exciting - good mexican food, casual atmosphere at affordable prices.I was in town for Family Week at a rehab - wont be heading back to Wickenburg anytime soon!!
4	Great Chile Relleno. We went early for lunch and were a little disappointed by the service. But the food more than made of for that. The fried iced cream was a treat, and the sopapillas were decent. I would definitely go here again if I were in the Wickenburg area.
4	I havent been to this place in years, but when I lived down there we used to go all the time. I remember it being the best mexican food I'd ever had. The best part was you got two kinds of salsa, one that was mild, and one that was super hot. They had really good tamales, and taco salad. I hope it is still just as good. If I ever get  back to Wickenburg that will be one of my first stops.
3	drove up to wickenburg w/friends to have lunch we decided to try anitas . i had the carne asada tacos w/beans the beans were smokey and flavorfull tacos were very good as well wife had the chili rellenos good flavor our friends meals were brought to them and the server switched them so it took our friends a few minutes to figure that out..service was good (except for the mix up) will defenetly return they also do breakfast
2	well I must say i have taken a star away from anitas and can barley muster up 2 stars we were up in wickenburg for the marty stuart show on friday we decided to go to anitas for dinner before the show we were seated right away and brought chips and salsa then waited about 5 min before our very friendly server arrived . I ordered a margarita which was way too sweet must have been margarita mix, i had the 6 rolled taquitos w/beef and guac and sour cream $9.50  I thought a little pricey ...WHERES THE BEEF, the wife had a taco salad which had lettuce chicken and cheese....no tomatos/beans The menu was also very limited this week end was gold miner days so i think the menu might have been catered to that over charge and limited menu.As we talked to some of the locals no one talked very highly of this place and said   IT USE TO BE GOOD
5	This is an excellent little find in Wickenberg with a traditional atmosphere, friendly service, and excellent food at reasonable prices. The chips and salsa are excellent as they are crispy and greasless with a fiery salsa. Since it was going to be a late lunch and we were saving room for Golden Corral, I ordered the six rolled tacos (tacitos) which are crispy and greasless with tender shredded chicken and topped with the best caso fresco I have ever had. Round it all off with a cold Dosekes and you will not be disappointed. So, for excellent Mexican food at reasonable prices with friendly service in a traditional atmosphere, Anita's cannot be beat. Keep up the good work guys.!
3	My family and I always stop at Anita's Cocina when visiting Wickenburg. The last last time I visited was during summer, I was disappointed with my meal. They burnt my mini tacos but they gladly replaced my order. Definitely will go back again and order a different meal.
3	In the nice little town of Wickenburg, former hub between L.A. and Phoenix, Anita's Cocina serves very acceptable Mexican (Americanized) food,The menu is not huge, but all the usual players were there.  I was hoping for a crack at the pulled pork-potato taco mentioned below, but, alas, none was to be found. The stars of the meal were the light, crispy tortilla chips and the "mild" salsa, which had great flavor and enough of a tingle that kept me from trying the "hot" version.  I would buy that salsa by the gallon...The BF had his usual chile relleno, which he pronounced very tasty.  It looked to be not as fluffy-battered as some I've had, but he was satisfied.  I had a red pork tamale (decent, nothing special) and a shredded beef taco (beef very tender, nicely stuffed, tortilla not fried crisp, which would have been my preference.)  The beans and rice were very edible.GO......go to Wickenburg, support their economy, it's a nice little place, great little Western museum.  If we go back and we're hungry for Mexican food, doubtless we will be returning to Anita's....and I will be on the lookout for that pork-potato taco.....
3	Good but not great ... the taco is tasty (well I should say the meat) but everything else is just average.  Not bad but nothing to be amazed about.  Fast service and no complaints.  A great place to get your Mexican food fix on.
3	We were returning from the Laughlin River Run and stopped in Wickenberg to eat as we were having a Mexican food craving.  The Chevron attendant recommended Anitas.  We were seated right away.  Restaurant was busy which is always a good sign, I think.Well, the food was just okay in my book.  My husband had the SHREDDED BEEF CHIMICHONGA and he really liked it.  I had the two SHREDDED BEEF TACOS COMBO.  The rice was undercooked and the refried beans were watery and cold.  The tacos were in a soft corn tortilla so it kind of fell apart as I was eating it.  The food was tasty, portions were average/small for Mexican.  We finished everything and ate a bowl and half of the chips which were the best ever.  We were hungry.Service was pretty good, seating was uncomfortable and bathrooms are to be desired.Just okay.
4	Excellent service and above average fare. Hot salsa and very light tortilla chips can fill you up. I had the Carne Asada burrito.
1	Used to be good.The last few years this place has really gone downhill. The food is very bland, no taste what so ever. Taco bell is preferred over this place, and many of the locals will tell you that it is not good like it used to be.
5	One of the best restaurants in Wickenburg! Has great food and the service is top notch.
4	Food was very good for a sleepy little AZ town, this was impressive.  The salsa tasted extremely fresh and my wife said she wanted to get chips and salsa to go for a snack on our trip to Vegas.
2	Wife and I had some some time to waste before daughters performance. So we had something small to eat at Anita's. 1st) Chip and Salsa:Chips were greasy and rubbery? Don't know how this is capable! But they did it!2nd) Shredded beef taco, green chili tamale plate:Rice tasted like a uncle Ben's rice out of the box. Beans were OK, didn't quite like the taste. Both were way to salty. I however did like their taco, beef was reasonable seasoned.3rd) Water:Now after sharing this plate I was drinking water. Now during the meal, I noticed the glass was dirty. All this time I thought it was from me? Turns out it was inside the glass. I will never come back here again, even though everyone was very friendly, and our service was decent.
4	The number 5 in the combo selection was esp good!  Pork Burrito, yum!  Wait staff checked on us regularly, good place!
3	On our cross country journey from San Diego we stopped here for lunch after making it to Wickenburg. The food was as to be expected.  I did not think there was anything special, but it was good and if I was back in Wickenburg would eat here again.  I was not too pleased with guacamole appetizer (not a fan of cheese on my guac.). The chicken fajitas were solid.
4	Love the chips and salsa and family atmosphere.  Fajitas are excellent and you can't beat a top shelf (patron) Cadillac margarita for $7, at least not back home.
4	Just ate at Anita's this past weekend and it was great. Love the chips and salsa. Had the carne asada tacos and they were delicious. The refried beans are good too. The only thing was they had run out of sour cream but gave us some guac instead which worked out fine.
4	Had lunch here while on a business trip and loved it.The salsa was fresh and flavorful. I had the daily special which was a pork taco and a cheese enchilada with rice and beans. Tasted homemade. I cleaned my plate. Definitely would go back and try more.
5	While riding back from the Laughlin River Run we stopped for lunch at Anita's.  Being a Southwest native, I thought the food was fabulous.  Firstly, they brought out two kinds of salsa (service was awesome, BTW) - hot and mild.  I ate a lot of each and really enjoyed both.  The hot was not too hot, and had lots of flavor.  The mild was excellent as well.  I especially loved the chips - nice and crisp with a little bit of oil and salt - perfect for my "Devil May Care" diet.  I ordered the number 11 plate - Chile Relleno, Taco, Beans, Rice, Tortilla.  It was huge, so I ate half and took the rest home with me on my motorcycle!  Did I say the service was awesome?  It is some of the best service I have yet received at any restaurant.  Also, we found lots of parking because it was a Sunday.
5	Anita's Cocina is by far is Wickenburg's best restaurant! They have great food, large menu to select from, very friendly staff and a great atmosphere.
4	Great little place. Food was fresh and comforting. Recommend it for a quick bite.
5	Best Mexican Food in Town!
2	Chips are stale and some were quite rubbery. I think they are cooking them in too low of a temperature oil. Salsa is delicious though. A great chipotle flavor to the hot salsa.I had the two taco meal. One chicken and one shredded beef. They were ok. Nothing to rave about. Overall, a solid 2 star place. Worth the money I guess.
5	As always the food was perfect and service was great!  We are a large family with 3 little ones and Anita's and staff always go out of their way to accommodate us.
5	My family lives almost an hour away from Anita's yet we seem to make the trek to eat there monthly. Their food is so delicious. I have never ordered something I didn't love. The salsa is amazing!! Everyone is always so incredibly friendly and the service is great. I always recommend this restaurant. It is definitely worth the drive!
5	On the way from Tucson to Vegas, we get the urge for tacos... and we find Anita's... and we take god and every Mexican that we did.From the outside, it looked very nice. When we walked in, we were instantly greeted and given a variety of seating options. Out server was an absolute sweetheart.Sitting among locals and those who stop in every time the pass through, we quickly learned that everything on the menu was good and that you have to try all of the salsas. The mean was just fantastic. Tacos, enchiladas, rice, all cooked and seasoned perfectly. A full dinner for two, for under $20, and served with a very personal touch.We will stop in any time we find ourselves in the area.
1	The staff was not very friendly or attentive.  The chili relleno was disgusting.  To start, it is the LAZY way to make one.  All it was was an omelet, very thick, with a half of a poblano in it that tasted old frozen.  The taco with it had good meat, but the shell was soggy on the bottom from sitting on top of the other items on the plate and it was "anemic" looking.  This was my first and LAST time there.
4	Great food all around. Salsa was very good as was the service. Will be going back soon. Only thing I didn't care for was the mex rice... not a deal breaker at all.
1	I was very disappointed with there service food staff and owner  !! Mostly owner !!! He was very rude treated his workers  terrible with no respect at all  on a level if he had a lot of  prejudice  in him. As well  he had no respect for  individuals that sacrifice and service are country for are freedom .. That is one area that really upsets me . He would not be a owner of that business if it wasn't forhusbands or wives or  are sons and daughters serving are country that is like spitting  in a persons face ... I will never step a foot in his business again and would not recommend anyone to waiste there time and there money on low budget wanna be Mexican food !!
4	I'm always so happy with dinner at Anita's! My parents live here in Wickenburg and I look forward to Mexican food all week long every time I visit. Anita's is a must. The service is great and I'm always happy with my huge plate of delicious tex-mex! I was in Thailand a couple of months ago and after a few weeks, needed a change. I made my way to a Mexican restaurant (yes, a Mexican restaurant in Thailand!) and I happened to meet someone who was a huge fan of Anita's! I guess it's world famous! :)
3	I can see why people like this place (big portions, chips!), but I didn't find the food memorable.  It could be it's one of the few eating places in Wickenburg open past 8 p.m.  It's difficult to find unique Mexican food in the Southwest.  And you're not going to fin unique Mexican food in Wickenburg.
2	I went there yesterday with my wife and mom.  Not bad but not really authentic.  Very tex mex I guess.  My wife had the Chile rellenos which she said were not good.  I had the Mexican pizza which was very large and OK.  Great salsa.  Expensive also..  The salsa and chips are very good though.
5	For a Mexican restaurant I thought it was fantastic. Everyone at the table was absolutely pleased with the meal. Plus they were very quick with the food.
2	Frozen margarita was sub-par, a bit weak.  I had ground beef taco, tostada and rice and wasn't impressed with any of it.  It wasn't bad, just not memorable to the point where I will not feel the need to return.Staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is clean.
5	Every time I come to Wickenburg I have to eat at Anita's. I dream about the hot salsa, it is so good.  This weekend I had the 1/2 size chicken quesadilla and was not disappointed.  Great service and reasonable prices.  I highly recommend you trying this restaurant.
3	We ate here for lunch. My husband had beef taco salad. It was very good but not very much, the shell was only half filled.  I had a beef chimichanga and it was very good.  Service was very good. The cushions on the chairs were not clean.  Prices were a little high for lunch.
2	Lunch: Wait staff was friendly, food ok but don't go there if you need to be anywhere near meal time - takes FOREVER to get served and get your check so you can be on your way :-(
2	Awful food!! Shells are not crispy, partially cooked, meat has NO NO NO flavor.  Their combinations stink - People don't just eat Enchilada's! Poor choice on the Taco salad. Rolled tacos are called Taquitos.  There is no juiciness with the Fajitas, the prices are out of sight. Re-fried Beans are usually mashed so there are bits of beans, but not whole uncooked beans...disgusting! Kid's menu goes to 10, what are 11, 12  year olds? Adults? Your menu needs an overhaul. The bathrooms are small and smell like mildew. Waitresses take forever to get you drink refills - unless its a bar item. The space in the building is so cramped you can't sit 4 comfortably at a table. The old green color on the walls is so uninviting. Why not decorate like an authentic Mexican restaurant? Horse pictures - is old west, not Mexican. American / Mexican restaurant - maybe. Anita's Cocina is tired, needs a desperate update. Get with today's technology offer free wifi. Take your outside decorations inside, call restaurant impossible...you need help!
4	My family and I had dinner on the way Mesquite, NV.  We thought it was great!  I had the shredded beef tacos with rice and beans.  I think it's cool they give you the option of whole beans or refried.  The rice was good and the tacos were great!  They weren't greasy like most Mexican restaurants.  The salsa was very good - definitely made there and not from a bottle.
5	GREAT SERVICE!  Nice restaurant and good food.   Needs a little Spanish music.  Will definitely return.
1	Taco Bell is more authentic and tastes better than this place and is right down the road(and by the way, we hate Taco Bell) Save your money and time. Service was sloooooow, the meat in the taco salad tasted like it was microwaved, the shell bowl that it was in was stale, the quesadilla was not a quesadilla at all. It had no cheese inside of it, was covered in enchilada sauce and never touched a grill. The only positive thing we can say is that the draft beer was cold. The decor is very outdated, the triple seat cushions gave me the heebee Jeebees, and did I mention how awful the food is?
1	Disappointing  food was very horrible !!! Rice hard n dry , beans tasted rotten,  red sauce was sweet !!! Taco not crispy saggy over all food was disgusting in general !!! Then " Anita " became mad when I told her the food wasn't good . will never  ever ever return to this wanna be Mexican restaurant again !!!!!!
4	Despite all the negative comments we stumbled into this restaurant and it was delicious. This is now being written after our return trip. I'm definitely a chile relleno connoisseur and the one I had here us in the top three for sure. The downtown area needs a some work, but Anita's looks like it's keeping the people coming over here. Everything we've tried has been tasty and the service was fast and friendly.
5	Best Mexican food I've had in years. Their Tuesday night special is worth coming back through this way again. Reasonably priced for the amount of food they give. I don't normally eat the salad that is served as a "garnish" but it was fresh, crunchy and enjoyable.
5	The food here is excellent, it is a nice looking place, and the service is great too. They have very good margaritas. I really like the fajitas and in the morning juevos  rancheros are excellent.
4	Very enjoyable lunch after a long morning of traveling.After an early flight from Oregon wanted to get out of town a bit for a more low key introduction to the local cuisine before heading North. Great location, welcoming young waitstaff, cold brews and warm chips made a fine howdy do. Hubby had the quesadilla supreme- wisely choosing the half portion- even though he's a big guy, it filled him up nicely. I had a local taco egg scramble with some very flavorful beans. Tortillas had just the right amount of lard to give good flavor and texture.Great start to our vacation. Oh, and the lunch proves were very reasonable as well.
1	Not impressed in the least. This place used to be good years ago but last few years has taken a turn way down hill. It has gone from very good to disgusting. No flavor at all, I prefer Taco Bell over this place. The interior is filthy, bathrooms are like broom closets and stink really bad. Stay away, go elsewhere!
4	We stopped by on our way to Vegas and I was pleasantly surprised. The service was very friendly and fast. The food was good except the salsa was a bit on the sweet side not very spicy at all. We tried the pancakes, biscuts and gravy, huevos rancheros and beef tacos and all the food was flavorful and nice large portions.
5	Stopped here today on my way through town on the recommendation of a friend and was glad I did. Had the corned beef hash Anita style and it was awesome! Delicious corned beef hash kicked up with jalapenos. If you like spicy and you like corned beef you will love it! I got it served with some corn tortillas and salsa on the side. Was the best breakfast i have had this month. Service here was also over the top, they kept my coffee cup full and I really needed it this morning since i had to get up at 4am today. I'll definitely be back here next time I go through Wickenberg
4	Anita's was recommended by the host of our hotel along with a couple of other restaurants so after attending the morning session of the Bluegrass Festival we went here for lunch.  I have seen some negative comments but we found the food quite good. The chips were fresh and we liked the salsa and they were complimentary.  Someone on a previous review said they charged for this chips but not while we were there.  I had a taco salad and my husband a burrito and tamale.  We liked it all.  The service was friendly however, it took a little longer than most Mexican restaurants we have been to but it was very busy.  It was a Saturday at  lunchtime.
2	This was a bustling little restaurant that I dropped in to get a takeout dinner. Very pleasant and friendly personnel, and my chili relleno/taco combo was good, except for the side of rice which was dry and under cooked. The salsa was thick, tasty, and medium hot, and there was an accompanying warm flour tortilla. Overall good, but not exceptional.There is no excuse for undercooked rice; this is a rookie mistake and should have been caught before leaving the kitchen. I give them a zero for quality check on this one.Pros: Right in the downtown area, with good atmosphere, friendly service, and plenty of on and off street parking. Alcohol served. Portion size and value OK.Cons:As above
