5	Kris knows what he is doing when it comes to making my Mercedes shine!
1	Do not use this business! Do  not waste your time, Kris, the owner is unprofessional and he has no customer service.  I called Kris on Mon, 22 Aug, 1630 to schedule an appointment and was informed that the business hours are 0800-1700.  I requested an appointment for TODAY, Sat, 27 Aug,  Kris advised that he had an 0800 or 1400 appt available.  I asked the location of the business and he advised that it was a mobile service and he would come to my residence to perform the detail.  I then schedule the appointment for, 0800, Sat, 27 Aug.  Kris stated that he  was going to stop what he was doing at the time to write my appt, address and information down.    Before hanging up the phone, I confirmed the appointment for Sat, 27 Aug 11 and put it in my iphone and work calendar.Neither Kris, nor any of the Da Kine Auto employees showed up for the appointed time today.  My husband and I begin calling Da Kine Auto at 0815 regarding the no-show and could not reach anyone.  We then called Living Social to advise them on DA Kine Auto no show.  Living Social attempted to contact Da Kine Auto Detail and left a message  regarding their no show - Living Social offered us a refund.  Nearly two hours later, Kris called my residence not to apologize but to be defensive, lie and say that 'they did not have us scheduled for 0800.'  That is such a lie, he was exceptionally unprofessional, rude, and obviously not smart enought to keep his  appointment book straight.   I will never use his service nor recommend the business to my coherts, friends, family, nor the entire community. He was unyielding in his lie (no offer of  apologies for his business mistake) that I contacted Angie's List regarding my negativing experience with Da Kine Auto Detail.  I also contacted the Better Business Bureau and social networking sites.  As a business owner, he should have at least had the decency to admit their mistake, try to fix the damage and offer some amends,.  Kris only offered a defending, offensive and unprofessional attitude which will be hindering in this economy - you should take your money elsewhere.  Kris, the owner's behavior is untolerable.
1	Not sure it is real or fantasy in mind of somebody.  I  pre-purchased detailing for my mid-size SUV through Groupon. To make this short, it is next to impossible to contact them. Oh, you can call or text, but be prepared for no answer. If you do contact them and they arrange to come to your place, be aware that most likely they will never appear.  This review is based on my calling or texting them repeatedly and setting up two appointments with them to come to my house. On neither occasion did anyone appear.  Unless you want to waste your time, don't do business with this so-called business. For me, I hope I get my money back from Groupon. Then I clean the car myself.
