2	Hmm.  Don't know anything about Peruvian food but it was just okay.  Had fried yucca, which was pretty good, also a slow cooked beef called Seco, and a shrimp dish.  We'll give it a second try but it was a little disappointing.  The place bills itself as Peruvian-Chinese but there were only a few items that were actually fusion dishes and the one I tried, a fried rice, was passable but nothing special.
3	My wife and I stopped in for lunch. We wanted to try something new. Never having tried Peruvian food, we followed  the waitress' suggestions. I can't remember the names of what we had, but we shared two entrees, one beef, one chicken, both were good. Nothing fancy, but good, new flavors, at least for me. That's why i would recommend, and will be visiting again, this establishment .
5	Me and my wife are both picky eaters and very picky when it comes to service.  I have to admit that I had my doubts about this place before we stepped through the door.  Inside the decor is simple and easy on the eyes. About 6 TVs around the walls, that might seem extreme but while eating the whole atmosphere felt like home to me.  The waitress Gail had a pleasant upbeat attitude and a genuine passion for the food and the culture even though she wasn't Peruvian. Now the food was incredible, me and my wife both had Seco de Carne which is slow cooked beef with Peruvian beans and rice.  Very delicious and a definite favorite for me and my wife.  We will continue to dine at this restaurant to try new foods and flavors. I am very glad we visited this place as it is a new favorite for us and I do recommend Inka Grill.
1	Well, perhaps just OK for the uneducated taste bud of real Peruvian food but horrible for those regular Peruvian food lovers. I tried a whooping $14 Ceviche Mixto just to get a ridiculously small portion of seafood of the lowest quality maybe sold in frozen 10lbs bags. The so-so waitress brought me a glass of chicha morada filled to the top with ice and it simply tasted to garbage. It seems they boiled the corn for 3 or 4 times.and mix it with smelly ice. The atmosphere of the place is unpleasant as well...flat screens all showing cheesy channels and a mix of reggeton and cumbia on the background...just total chaos for the ears and sight. Will never go back.
5	Why u have such low reviews, Inka Grill?  Food was AWESOME!  I caught this place on a drive by and saw a plate of Lomo Saltado on the window so I stopped in...I haven't had a plate of it in years, and it's one of my favorite South American dishes...it was FANTASTIC.  I didn't have the appetite to try anything else, but I'd go back for the Saltado anytime.  The green salsas (forget the name) are perfectly fiery and great.  They even serve the toasted corn kernels making it all very authentic. A bit on the pricey side is my only complaint.
1	This is a pretty small place with 6 TVs to take your dining experience away and pop music blasting in there. They have a little bit of an identity crisis... they can't make up their mind on whether they serve Peruvian or Chinese, seriously! They even give you fortune cookies with your bill lolTheir prices for lunch are the same as for dinner. Server was OK but it wouldn't hurt her if she'd smile once in a while even if it is in a fake-wanna get a good tip kind of way!
2	I think this is more Peruvian comfort food.  Having enjoyed the food in Peru, I anticipated a visit to this recommended restaurant.  Even went with a Native who did all the ordering. I would not expect anyone to know American food if I served them Mac & Cheese. This was not what I remembered from my trip, but as a tourist there I must have eaten differently than locals.
3	Ordered ceviche, chicken with pesto-like sauce, and beef with tomatoes and onions with rice.My boyfriend really liked his chicken and pesto dish.  The sauce in my dish was good, but beef wasn't seasoned.  The ceviche sauce was good, but seafood wasn't fresh.  I'd probably go back again just for the ceviche.Reason I gave it a 3-star, instead of a 4-star, is because the prices were way too high for a little and casual restaurant.  I spent $45!  I'd spend $45 for a casino restaurant, not at Inka-Grill.
2	This is a mediocre example of Peruvian food and the service was even worse.I ordered tiradito, a ceviche-like dish. It need salt, but was the best thing I had. I also tasted the yucca in huancaina sauce. The sauce tasted like it came out of a can or packet. Not only have I had better huancaina sauce at other Peruvian Las Vegas restaurants, I can make better huancaina sauce at home, and I'm not even Peruvian. The service was also terrible. When we were paying for the meal, our empty appetizer plates still hadn't been cleared from the table. The service was slow, which is surprising since we were the only people there. Our waitress was on the phone taking an order when she brought out our food. She's also the person who made our drinks, which were not good and overpriced.If you want good Peruvian food, go to Mi Peru on Horizon Ridge. It's not as good as Peruvian food you'd get in Miami, L.A., but it's the best you're going to get in Vegas. At least you won't want to ask for your money back like at Inka Grill.
2	Bring it up several notches, Inka! The Lomo Saltado was terrible. There was more fat on my steak than steak. The place was pretty slow (only 3 tables being serviced) and the waitress could not be any slower. Not only could she not be any slower, she was also pretty rude. When our dishes were brought out she loudly kinda tossed them at the edge of the table and walked away to another table. Our food came out before she remembered to bring the drinks, just didn't get an overall good vibe about this place. I'm glad I tried it and got the curiosity out of the way, but will not be a returning customer. Best of luck!
5	Apparently this place was just re-opened.    No idea, I just went in, there's little booths on the walls, no decor to write home about.I was greeted by the waitress/cashier, ordered food to go, she spoke to me in English even though I spoke to her in Castellano Spanish and was very polite.  She kinda seemed rude.She did however suggest a few meals after asking if I'd tried Peruvian food before.I got the grilled chicken order, with veggies and salad, para llevar (to go)It was under $10, was a full container of veggies and a huge chicken breast piece with delicious seasonings.  The salad was packed to the top with fresh lettuce and they gave me 3 sauces.  One I used for the salad, the other two were spicy.I was starving, had just finished 2.5 hours of massage, I ate every bite.  Delicious and fresh.  Will definitely try it again.
4	I'm sad that the pollo com arroz is no longer on the menu but I still think this place is stellar with the new owners.
1	If I could give them no stars I would!!!Because we don't know/have any other Peruvian restaurant close to us (plus we were in the same shopping center as the restaurant) decided to get some food to go.We got choritos and jalea. I ended up eating the choritos by myself since they were a bit too hot for my husband's taste.I've been sick for a couple of days now. I got indigestion, nausea, some fever AND now diarreah from eating that!! I know it was the choritos because I had nothing else other than tea with crackers in the morning and nothing at night since I felt bloated!!PLEASE be careful with the choritos!! They might not be fresh.I WON'T BE ORDERING OR EATING AT THIS PLACE EVER AGAIN!!
4	My brother and I originally tried Inka Grill back in February 2014. We LOVED their food. We lived in Bolivia when we were younger, so were excited to find a restaurant with a lot of similar cuisine to Bolivia. The owner greeted and served us and was so gracious to talk with us for a long time.My brother had the Lomo Saltado and I had the Milanesa de Pollo (always my favorite). Both dishes were flavored amazingly. They came with salad (with the best dressing). Loved the sauces (the green is my favorite). It was great to have a Pisco Sour too. Since then, we have returned with different friends and family and the food is always excellent and reasonably priced.My only feedback would be to brighten up the deco. Occasionally the service has been a little slow (was not the owner serving us).
5	We eat at Inca Grill once or twice a month.  We generally go for a half or full chicken with salad and lots of sauces.   Seems to be the best Peruvian restaurant in town... We love it! :)
5	I don't readily give out 5 stars... but if I could give Inka 10 I would.  Small individually owned place with cozy atmosphere and the owner is just amazing.  On to the food. Wow.... wow... wow, wow, wow, wow.  We had a party of four and each ordered a couple of items to share.  The rotisserie chicken is out of this world.  I had the "Lomo Saltado" which is a marinated skirt steak with veggies and rice.  The marinated meat literally just melted in your mouth (Pro-tip: order it with "extra juice).  We also tried the  "Parihuela" soup which is a seafood soup.  Slap-yo-momma good. The broth had the perfect amount of spice and body, and the seafood (fish, calamari, muscles, etc) was fresh and perfectly cooked.  Also!  The house made Peruvian sauces were literally a symphony of flavors perfectly balanced with fresh flavors and spice.  We will be definitely back next week and many more to come.Go there.  Try it.  Tell'um I sent ya... and if you don't like, I'll give you your money back! (no refunds for clean plates and licked fingers).
5	Came in with my colleagues after seeing the advertisement of rotisserie chicken. Sat down and was greeted by the owner who gave us her recommendations and in depth explanation of what everything was. Inka Grill has found itself a customer for life. Food, Pricing and staff is amazing. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
5	The food was excellent...I'm not sure what was better though, the food or the amazing service that we received!!! The owner was fantastic and made sure that our first experience a great one. I've never eaten Peruvian food before and can't figure out what has taken me so long to try it. I'm glad I did today. I will definitely be back here as it is close to my work and everything we tried was excellent.
3	Upon ordering, everything we requested from the menu was somehow not available.  Maybe an issue with ordering supplies? Our group indulged in some ceviche, a meaty combo and some fish.  What we did eat was tasty with some good spice (heat).
1	I will not be returning..... My husband and kids all got their food and finished their food before I ever got mine.
1	Bad service!!!! My  husband and I walked in and there was not one single table with people. When we walked in she said she would be with us in min. She went back to finish her conversation for a while and then we finally got our drink order in. The server tried to walk away but we had sat there for a while so we wanted to order. She was very busy in the back talking with others and a child in the kitchen. At one point she came out with food singing in the middle of our conversation-_- I have many other incidents with this place and won't be going back.
5	This place was great! Had two appetizers to start. The mussels were out of this world delicious! The yucca appetizer was yummy too. I had the green pasta and chicken milanesa entree which was delicious. Food was very fresh and well seasoned. Will definitely go back and try other dishes.
1	Very disappointed was our first time at the restaurant and we have to wait more than 50 minutes to get my food but not my wife's food so we have to walk out the server was very friendly but she don't give us a reason. Why our food was taking so long
1	Horrible service, if you are going to announce your restaurant in the radio, you better have the man capacity to handle it. I'm Peruvian, this kind of restaurant shows a horrible first impression if our country. Specially when you bring friends.
1	After driving 20 miles, on Saturday we finally arrived for our first and not knowingly our last meal at the Inka Grill.  Small location in strip mall, which is not a turn off, since we've found excellent food in small, family owned restaurants.  They were not busy, only 4 tables with guests, lunch time, we got there around 1:30.  The server came and took our drink orders, 1 beer, 1 pisco sour and 1 soda.  She returned about 5 minutes later with the beer and soda, no pisco sour; and took our food order. We asked for the yuca huancaina as the appetizer, 2 cevices and 1/4 grilled chicken.  Out came the yuca, a small portion considering the price, but ok. Still no pisco sour...when we asked the waitress, she said the gentleman that makes them had stepped out, but we would get our drink as soon as he came back. 25 minutes passed by before one of the ceviches came, then 5 minutes later the chicken. When the second ceviche was brought out 10 minutes AFTER the chicken (I still don't understand why both ceviches weren't served at the same time), the waitress suggested we get something other than the pisco sour.  When asked what happened, she just stayed quiet. We ordered 2 beers.  The portions were adequate, nothing spectacular or to rave about. The portions of the fish pieces for the ceviche were a bit large. Chicken was good, not overcooked, seasoning was alright. Again nothing worth coming back for.Our waitress checked with us one time to see how everything was, the next time she came by was with the bill. What a surprise! There was the pisco sour in all it's glory being charged on our bill.  When asked why it had not been removed, she stated that the 2 beers would not be charged, however the 2 beers at $3.50 each should have been $7, not $8. When this was pointed out, her reply was, "oh, yes, he'll give you back a dollar, when you pay".  Really? We asked if the manager was available and was told he only comes in for dinner time.  We texted him a message to the number under the cash register, still have not received a reply.If the manager can't trust his staff to make adjustments or corrections on the bills, then he should have an assistant manager during the hours he's not there.  Terrible service, definitely not worth going there.  Much better Peruvian food elsewhere in the valley.Oh, and BTW. The cashier didn't give us the $1 after all.
3	The lomo saltado is delicious , the other food is just so so. The service not very good, there's only three people up front. The place is very small and the parking is atrocious . My daughter got her new car keyed. So until something changes soon we will not be going for a while.
