4	If you like beef jerky, this is the place to go.  They have a large selection of different types of jerkys. In addition to jerkys they also sell dried fruits, candies, biscotti's, bagel chips, cookies, nuts, etc.  If you buy so much, they usually throw in something extra.
5	This place is located at the Plaza casino hotel on the 3rd floor, across from the bingo hall.  A lot of people don't know this place exists but I've been going for 9 years.  Prices have gone up of course but are still reasonable.  The last time I was there, they still had 1 pound bags of beef jerky for 9 bucks but not as many flavors as in the past.  They also do mail order.  It would be nice if they opened a location on the strip.  Mostly caters to Hawaiians.  The cheap jerky is decent, sometimes fatty which I like.  The more expensive, 8 ounces for 9 bucks is better cuts.  Definitely worth the trip downtown if you like inexpensive beef jerky.  They carry a wide selection of other cured meats, dried shrimp, dried fruits, trail mixes and enough snacks to give you a stroke.
5	A+
5	This place is found in Downtown Vegas inside the Plaza Casino Hotel when you enter the Casino from the famous front entrance go left and right to the left take the escalator up then take the second set of escalator across from the chapel and there you are, since most of the time i stay in downtown this is the first place i hit before starting my fun. The two things i must get everytime is the Teriyaki Beef Steak nuggets and the Cherry/Cranberry shortbread cookies and peanut butter cookies. Once in a while i'll get candy depending on my mood i used to always get these chocolate mints but they dont make them anymore. They sell all kinds of jerky's, candy, nuts cookies, and other goodies that you may want to eat or try.  So if you ever are in downtown Vegas stop by this place for some snacks you can't go wrong.
5	Karen's Gourmet Almond Butter Shortbread cookies for the win. On the way to Vegas, the topic was not buffets, restaurants, desserts, drinks, clubs, etc. that was talked about but my friend's friend was raging about these shortbread cookies that we must get or we ain't leaving Las Vegas. Sounds like a great idea not to get them because I sure don't mind not leaving LV :D! Anyway, this place felt hidden. I dont even remember how we found the place but we sure had to go through flights of stairs and escalators and cut through certain corners before we reached the destination. I feel ridiculous and a bit ashamed for not getting ANY jerky because the whole time i was in there, i thought cookies were the only important thing to try! Shame on me... hm, I actually thought about creating a whole separate yelp page for Karen's Gourmet cookies but then the sugar rush I'm getting from these heavenly cookies got me all antsy and when that happens, i think it's just better that i stay put and not create anything of any sort because something ridiculous might happen. Okay, i am just rambling on about non-sense now. Anyway, these cookies definitely tasted traditional, homemade and rich. Every bite of these cookies tasted perfectly light in texture and had a nice creamy flavor with a kick of whatever certain taste you chose. I personally chose the almond butter as mentioned earlier and it was absolutely mouth-watering!
4	Been going there for at least a decade. I always get that soft Teriyaki nuggets, the shortbread cookies, and maybe a chocolate something (note: do not leave chocolate in the car; you'll have a chocolate brick!).Hawaii folks know about it; It's probably one of the few things in walking distance from the California that's not simply another place to gamble.  One time I took some non-Hawaiian friends there and at first they were like "wth, where are you taking me?" But then we got in and they found stuff they liked.  They even told their friends so I think I started something.I'll give it a 4 since the prices have gotten a little high in the last few years... (I mean if Hawaii had a trader joe's...)  but still, great place that I try to go to when I go by downtown.
5	A friend recommended this place for their jerky so when I knew I had to check this place out. Since my companion hadn't seen the old Vegas - it was a perfect opportunity to come out here to Palace Hotel to check out the jerky. The store is on the 3rd using the elevator and it's hidden. I asked someone at the bell desk and they get asked several times a day about the location of this place. I'm just glad I found it. So stepping into the store I discovered the jerky and the bagel chips. My friend had never mentioned the bagel chips so I decided to try the Parmesan cheese garlic flavored one. Very tasty and trust me this one was gone in a day. One container is not enough - I could eat that myself. They also have some sweet flavored bagel chips (cinnamon/chocolate). It took me awhile to narrow down my choices for beef jerky. I really like the beef nuggets so I got the teryaki flavor. It was a bit too salty for me so I will go with the regular flavor next time. The beef jerky in strips I thoroughly enjoyed the regular flavor (smokey). The jerky was also gone quickly. It's so easy to spend money at this store - everything is so tempting. Where to draw the line? At $8.50 for the nuggets and $8.25 for the bagel chips - it was a steal.
5	They have just moved across the street into the Las Vegas Club, ground floor.
5	da kine is all ohana and everybody git plenty of aloha.git all kine of jerky and nuts but i like da kine, "karen's cookies", specially da "green mochi frog" cookie. da tings stay so "ono".da price not bad for dat kine stuff too an eva ting stay fresh lied dat!!! go ova dea fo chek'um out. las vegas club, 1st floor, by da elevators and escalators.i like da kine plain cashew nut an da dry shrimps, lik dat,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,aloha!
4	Nitrate heaven.Salt valhalla.The jerky store called. It's out of me. (I miss it, but I'm never downtown early enough in the evening.)They have so many different kinds of dried meaty goodness it's hard to know where to begin (I recommend the peppered nuggets in the silver pouches). If beef's not your thing, they have clam, ahi, turkey, pork  and other jerkies as well, along with dried fruits, nuts, candy and Hawaiian junk food.Between the 2 lbs of jerky that inevitably come home with me and the deep fried Twinkie from Mermaids, trips downtown are starting to get pretty unhealthy.(Note: The shop has temporarily relocated to the Las Vegas Club during the remodeling of the Plaza.)
5	well, just got back from Vegas and spent a night downtown and of course HAD to go visit Las Vegas Jerkys in their temporary home at the Vegas Club.  I hope that when they go back to the Plaza, they get a ground floor stall.  The 1 pound bags of islander brand jerky is now 11.50, still way cheaper than the norm 18 to 20.  and still just as tasty.  just love this place!  can't say much more
5	A must do every time I go Vegas!The beef jerky, bagel chips are the best!!!
5	As a habitual snacker, I love LVJE.  During my last LV trip, this was one of the top places on my shopping list.  Even though we initially didn't realize that LVJE moved locations a while back (from The Plaza) and despite the brutal winter weather outside, our entire family - including the kids - continued on the journey.It was totally worthwhile (granted, it was my first time visiting LVJE, but I had occasionally received omiyage from there in the past and liked the treats).  The place is pretty small and the aisles are quite narrow, but there's enough room for the averagesized individual to walk through it while using the store's hybrid grocery basket / cart (ingenious, btw, since it allowed my fiveyearold nephew to hold on to my items while I shopped lol).There's a lot of variety here in terms of sweet, salty and/or spicy snacks, as well as a few sugarfree candies.  I chose to buy the garlic bagel chips, cinnamon bagel chips and pepper beef jerky.  I spent well over $30, but it was worth every penny.  The beef jerky was especially great to bring along with me during the remainder of trip, particularly during long car rides. Since then, my parents have taken another trip to LV.  They returned with two boxes of the almond butter shortbread cookies for me.  Within a few days, I had devoured them all =DI'm going back to LVJE at the end of this month - whoo hoo!
5	Las Vegas Jerky18 E Freemont Street ground floor Las Vegas Club. Hours 9-9 Mon - Sat,  9 - 5 SundayFriendly staff, still good place to get omiyage
4	This is a must stop before heading home.  I always get the same old stuff:Mac Nut Shortbread CookiesBeef Jerky (card shaped)Beef Nuggets Bagel ChipsIf you purchase a certain $ amount they will box and deliver to your downtown hotel.  They also have a carry on box if youre hand carrying your omiyage onto the plane.
4	Because of sweetie pie Yelp this place came to me in a dream... J/K (Just kidding) This place showed up as a result of another search...Anyhow, after the Lei Day Festivities in the parking lot of the California Hotel we decided to walk to Las Vegas Club and check this place out...It is small but full of yummy interesting snacks so we chose a few-1. Fruit Flavored Beef Jerky - This beef was marinated in Strawberry Syrup. The meat was sweet and you did taste the strawberry syrup.2. Karen's Gourmet Almond Butter Shortbread - It was OK - my daughter loved it - I don't care too much for hard cookies and these were not soft at all.3. Chile Lemon Mango - This was a disappointment because I love sour stuff and this was not sour - sure it had lemon but not enough, actually I think salt could have (should have) been added.4. Chocolate Cinnamon Bagel Chips - This was the best of the lot for me. I think the chocolate bagel chips would have been better minus all the cinnamon sugar.All in all I enjoyed my visit here and I will be back to try the shrimp jerky!!!
4	This is a must stop before heading home, especially for us that live on the islands. I absolutely love the cinnamon bagel chips but they were out since they ran out of containers. I decided to buy the jalapeno parmesan bagel chips instead since I was bummed out and it is very good. Another must have is the almond butter shortbread cookies. There are many other choices like beef jerky and dried fruit. Minimum purchase to use debit/credit cards is $10. The people there are nice and they give you a cute hand carry on box!
4	Tons of beef jerky and Hawaiian snacks. They have a mail service so you don't have to lug your 20 bags of jerky home.Aloha spirit service.
5	I love Las Vegas Jerkys!  One pound of awesome beef jerky for $12.50.  What a deal!  They also have a wide assortment of candies, dried fruits and other treats.  Great customer service.  It's a must stop for Islanders when we're in Las Vegas.
4	My sister always goes to Vegas and brings back these beef jerkys and bagel chips, so when we got to vegas, I knew we had to stop by this place!It is located in the Downtown area, and it reminds me of a crack seed store, with all their selections!There are so many choices that i got suck there trying to decide which to get and what to get, but after much decision making, we were happily walking out the door with our very own beef jerky and bagel chips!We made the terrible mistake of sending our bagel chips, so when we got it delivered it was more like bagel powder! They are as fragile as they look! It has be hand carried back on the plane!
5	This is an updated review from my last one a long time ago since now this place is located inside the Las Vegas Club and not the Plaza anymore. Still come to this place on every Vegas trip to get cookies and jerky and sometimes candy. Here you'll find all types of those my favorite cookies are the peanut butter and the cherry cranberry shortbread cookies. Beef Jerky i like the bits one but the others are good too. Candy stuff i like are the chocolate mint ones. Only bad thing is there is so much good yummy stuff you'll be spending a lot lol.
4	We always stop here and bring back some of their delicious Macadia cookies and nuts home. This place is so inexpensive love it can wait to come back.
4	I had request too pick up some Bagel Chips for my cousin before visit too Sac. It been while since been too the store so long the last time went was use too be in Plaza. The owners still seem too be the same ones local from the islands. They still give the famous white carry on boxes if order plenty of treats take back home or wherever final destination. I got some beef jerky too. The assortment there is nuts. Sure there is something for everyone not that pricey either. I staying with my cousin got too remember cinnamon bagel chips and teriyaki jerky tasted like. Ono. The bagel chips can get busted up quick but still good in bits or parts or whole.The staff there is always friendly with the aloha spirit!!!!
4	Their cinnamon bagel chips are addictive!  I want to fly back to Vegas just to pick more up.  Besides  bagel chips they also have jerky, cookies, nuts, dried fruit and other snacks.  If you are downtown I would recommend going to the Las Vegas club and picking up some snacks there.  i heard they also deliver orders to your hotel room.
5	The cinnamon bagel chips are incredible!
5	Oh my God, literally the best beef jerky I have ever had in my life. I used to get the cubed jerky in the silver bags, however the owner informed us that he is unable to order that type of jerky anymore. He showed us a different type called "Islander Brand Beef Jerky Teriyaki" that is equally if not more delicious. The store owners are friendly and helpful, and don't get annoyed by the many questions we had. Other than purchasing armfuls of beef jerky, I always grab a bag of dried mangoes (so good)!
4	I'd guess that 3/4 or more of this place's business is to visitors from Hawaii.  Strangely, "Big Island" beef jerky is made in Vegas and brought back to Hawaii.  What was a little odd this time was that there were new varieties of cookies and fewer choices of beef jerky.  No more 1 pound bags of anything.  But maybe it's because of beef prices these days.  The shortbread cookies and bagel chips are legendary for those who have sweet tooths.  So easy to spend $50 (or more - way more) here so be sure to stop by close to the end of your trip if you're on a budget.
5	When I found out a couple years back that my usual Vegas bagel chips shop didn't sell bagel chips anymore, I was devastated. But along came Las Vegas Jerkys! Thank the heavens! And if you've never had bagel chips...your life is simply incomplete. Get some ASAP!
2	My family and I drive from the bay to come to Las Vegas Jerkys. Unfortunately they were all out of our bagel chips. 8 hours of driving and no bagel chips. NOOO! and to top that off the lady at the register didn't make us feel very welcome and seemed to have an attitude.Didn't feel the Aloha spirit there!
5	Aunties Karen and Sandy own and run this Las Vegas Jerkys shop.  It's located inside the Las Vegas Club Hotel (head towards the back of the casino).  They do a WONDERFUL job with customer service.  Their products are excellent.  What I like best about this place (besides the wonderful customer service) is that many of their products have recipes that are rooted from the Islands.  That, coupled with the local friendly customer service, equals a WINNER!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#ykPNkbsRAqmW0dgFsMioBgThere are literally 50-75 types of beef & pork jerkys to purchase here.  There are also wonderful candies, cookies, chips, lup chong, chocolates, etc. to purchase here.  I got so excited here, I literally spent $350 on goodies for my visiting relatives and items to bring back to Honolulu when I go back home.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#qeyJ6o2dDKlmwlbBLduvcQTop of the list is the Islander Brand Lup Chong (Chinese Sausage).  These are traditional Chinese sausages that were originally crafted in Honolulu, and produced in Los Angeles, CA.  The owners purchased the rights to the recipe and produce the sausages for the store.  These sausages are thick and a bit on the sweet side.  Wonderful for fried rice, baked salmon with lup chong, or just eating along with steamed rice.  OMGDELICIOUS!  Get it!  Grade:  A+http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?select=7Z2FHsyO9iv4FtD4clSIsQ#_GPmeVlAXT4xVMjgka_R_Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?select=7Z2FHsyO9iv4FtD4clSIsQ#TT763Urq_CmdhbRuxch5WwIslander Brand Beef Jerkey is another favorite.  Comes in plain, spicy, peppered, pork, and spicy pork.  This is your traditional beef jerkey, but the flavors are out of this word.  Grade:  A-http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#cEO3s2d_3MfdlDuvY29jsgIslander Brand Sweet Dried Pork.  Aunty Karen calls this the jerky that taste like char siu.  These pork slices are cured and dried, and actually taste like you are eating sweet char siu (Chinese red roast pork).  The flavor is delicious, but the texture is a bit on the tough side.  Delicious, nonetheless.  Grade:  B+Karen's Bagel Chips.  DELICIOUS!!!   Aunty Karen makes bagel chips that come in a variety of flavors - cinnamon sugar, blueberry, cranberry, plain, etc.  The most popular flavor is the cinnamon.  The bagel chips come in a container and must be hand-carried if you are traveling.  Fun to eat, flavorful, and crunchy!  Grade:  Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?select=7Z2FHsyO9iv4FtD4clSIsQ#aSXHyjkj03UU7dMOXyFiSQWhat I liked best about the store was that it was like shopping at home in Hawaii.  Both Aunty Karen and Sandy were super helpful in helping me put my order together and to make suggestions on what to purchase.  They were so much like family, they threw in a free apron and gave my family keiki toy cars when we were leaving!   AMAZING!   Mahalos, aunties!Product Grade:  A-Service Grade:  A+Worth the money grade:  A-Overall Impression Grade:  A!
5	Great snacks!!!!  Good prices!!!  Excellent service!  I stop by here on every trip!!!  Karen's cookies and the bagel chips are excellent!!!
5	Oh man. Talk about goodies on top of goodies on top of goodies! Owners are Hawaiian natives who specialize in making homemade gourmet goodies. The selection ranges from jerkeys to cookies, candies, dried fruit, and more. There were so many things to choose from! So much, I spent a good hour picking up and dropping things trying to choose. I wanted to find some nice goodies to send in a care package and word through the grapevine was that their cinnamon bagel chips were the bees knees. Here's what I got:Cinnamon Bagel Chips (top seller. they're famous for it and everyone comes to buy them) They also have other flavors like blueberry and chocolate cinnamon. These were $7.00 a bag.Almond Butter Shortbread CookiesYOU HAVE TO TRY THEM! They're $5.00 for a small box, and trust me once you open them and eat one, you are sure to eat them all in one sitting. They were so delicious, sweet (but too sweet), and crunchy.Sliced Almond Brittle Bites: Didn't get to try them, but they are made with Splenda. Overheard one of the ladies say she bought a pack as a gift, and ended up eating them all instead in which she needed to buy another bag, and bought two instead to make sure the other one becomes a gift. These were $7.00 a bag.Other interesting things I found were dried persimmons, apricots, chocolate covered gummy bears, lemon bar cookies, chocolate covered espresso, and of course lihing goodies. You HAVE TO HAVE lihing to keep that Aloha spirit! Sadly they did not have chocolate covered potato chips, but all the more reason to go back and try out the rest of their goodies.
3	I love jerky but this place did not have the selection that I liked. A lot if the bags looked old and dusty and kind if cheap. I will go back when I'm in the area just to see if they start offering some of the what I call better brands.
2	Small shop that was dimmy lit when we went. Much smaller selection than the Beef Jerky Store and a bit pricier for small items. They did have unique items, but nothing that got my attention.
5	When we went they were getring ready to move to the Plaza hotel, third floor. They were trying to move in one night and open the next day.   They always have been helpful. We like the card suit jerkys. Best wishes to them in thier move ams new location.
4	Only four stars because they recently raised their rates. It costs $9 for a 7 ounce bad. By other jerky standards that is fair, but it as $8 in March. They are moving to the third floor of the Plaza Hotel and Casino on Fremont Street very soon. But first try them at the Las Vegas Club also on Fremont. For the money this is the best beef jerky you will likely eat if you buy the right package. You see the package that has the cards on it like a club or spade? Don't buy that one. Get the gold package and try original, peppered, hot and spicy, and teriyaki, all are exceptional. The hot is more traditional shoe leather but very hot and awesome. Very addicting to be sure. Here is a tidbit, if you buy at least $50 worth, they will usually throw in a free gfit without you seeing them do it. Spend the money, you can eat some for a snack in your room and then take some back home. We usually spend about $80 since it is only sold in Las vegas. So when that is one of your favorite treats, and it soon will be you will thank those of us that understand what good beef jerky is.
5	The best beef jerky I've ever had in my life. I wish they sold this online so I wouldn't have to drive all the way to Vegas. Their beef jerky is the most tender, easy to chew, easy to eat, swallow, and the most flavorful beef jerky there is. Period.
2	It's now inside the Plaza Hotel. The course to get there is a little awkward. It's on the 3rd floor. You can take the escalators up. But to find the escalators, it's to the side near the Wheel of Fortune machines.I only come here for one thing: bagel chips. $9 for a tube? I can make this. WHY DO PEOPLE FROM HAWAII LOVE BAGEL CHIPS?!!?Anyways, parking, location, and the prices....mehhh. Not worth the time and money for all this.
