5	I am a new and loyal customer of Deep Sea Seafood Market which is excellent place to grab lunch or stock up on a wide assortment of fresh seafood.  I recommend the salmon and mahi.  Not only is it the best seafood around but the prices rival grocery stores like Harris Teeter.  The owner is very helpful and can even special order specific seafoods for you (live lobster!).  Even if you live in a different part of Charlotte- TRY THIS PLACE OUT!!!
5	Great seafood, great prices would definitely recommend for anyone wanting fresh seafood.
5	I've finally found fresh seafood in the Charlotte area!!!   The NC trout was delicious.  Great price, too.  Keep on bringing in the catch.
5	I have only eaten there a few times but the food is Great. The fish is fresh and tasty and there lunch menu is reasonably priced. The service is excellent as well. I think its family owned and operated so its always a familiar face.
4	The seafood is primo quality, choices are limited ( has to be) and the prices what I'd expect, ranging from $10 to $20/lb -but it looks REALLY nice for the price.So far I've bought cod fish, beautiful yellow fin tuna and some huge scallops.It's also a great little lunch spot (before 2pm!)  There's a fresh menu daily, all of it good stuff. A bit of a bargain too ($7-8) considering the quality So far I tried the seafood salad, it tastes lively, fresh and kicked butt ... plus it's a bargain at $11/lb - I brought home a pound of it as well.  I haven't tried the grilled Tuna sandwich (yet!)  because I had just bought a big tuna steak, but it's made with that same terrific looking fresh yellow fin tuna. I got the shrimp po boy, it didn't fool me into thinking I was back in Nawlins but the fried shrimp was very good - needs a lot more remoulade though - the fries were tasty as well.One minor let down, the only thing they have to drink is Coke, ice tea with high fructose corn syrup and Dasany purified water, so no joy there. This market just opened up, the owner works behind the counter and seems to care, I'm sure he will figure what needs doing soon. Meanwhile I plan on going back for lunch next week and try more things. I'll upload some pix, unfortunately my phone takes crap pictures
4	Lunch update as promised-Fish Taco are REALLY good - mainly because of the fresh fish. You're not going to get this quality at Mexican joint. Not really all that authentic mind you, but who cares if it tastes great, right?- Fried Flounder with Lime slaw sandwich and fries was delish. The only thing next time I'd ask for the bun to be lightly toasted to better hold it together . I'll try the grilled Tuna sandwich next ... it's so rare to be served fresh fish, too bad most people can't tell the difference.
4	This is my new lunch addiction!-Tuna steak w/ fresh avocado: they hand carve 6oz of not frozen yellow fin to make it.  / Jerk fish taco with fresh papaya / Mahi-mahi Ban Mi  All of it simply excellent. I usually find pasta salad mealy and boring but even that they prepare real well, fresh and zesty. I've also brought for cooking wahoo and what was possibly the best cod fish I ever had. Thanks to this place I have seafood as if I still lived in Miami.
5	After being disappointed so many times by the quality of the seafood from the all of Super Markets in the Charlotte and Matthews area, I went to check this place out with reservation.  What I discovered is a great fish market that I now visit at least once a week.  I have yet to eat lunch here but I have so far purchased: crab cakes, flounder, shrimp, Salmon, Yellow Fin Tuna, Corvina, and Soft Shell Crab. Everything that I have cooked have all turned out to be very fresh and delicious.  I am so thankful that this market opened near my house.  If you like to cook seafood, definitely give this place a try.  The owner is behind the counter and is very friendly and informative which add a personal touch to the visit that you won't get from the chained Super Market.
4	Six month later and this is still the ONLY place for lunch around here (IMHO)Service can be slow, they run out of items at times, yet instead of cutting corners this foodie couple who runs Deep Sea strives to make the food better, tastier.  And succeeds: the new grilled tuna sandwich w/ artichoke roasted pepper compote & rosemary basil aioli  kicks @ss!  5 star, really. Now they'll start using "micro greens"?Helen Shwab did a write up on them : http://www.charlotteobserver.com/2013/10/16/4392612/deep-sea-worth-a-lunch-stop-in.html#.Umvt1xCtbfI  they've been slammed sinceI saw that half a dozen favorable were "filtered", I doubt they were fakes.
5	What an unexpected delight this tiny little fish market is!  While I can't attest for the raw product, I can tell you this place gives ANY seafood restaurant a run for it's money when it comes to lunch. Lunch is serves 11-2pm on weekdays and on Saturdays.  The space isn't fancy, and you just order at the counter, but I swear, the mahi-mahi bahn mi sandwich really had me scheming on when I could go back next.  The fish was perfectly cooked, spiced and on a bed of pickled veggies and cilantro. Granted, the bun wasn't a crusty French roll, like a bahn mi should be on, but the soft and hole-y cibatta was actually perfect for sopping up all the excess juices.  The fries were a pleasant surprise too.  Big and hand cut, browned and skins on.  Nice toothy bite, but soft and not too salty.  The service is friendly and honestly, the space is much less pretentious than some other fish markets in town.  BONUS: I'm pretty sure I saw a sign indicating the sustainability of the products they sell.  Nice!
5	Great hole in the wall! Came in with a coworker for a quick lunch and had awesome tuna tacos. The food was delicious and the service was great! Keep up the good work. Felt good to have some fresh seafood especially when my taste buds are spoiled with New England quality seafood :)
4	This hidden gem has great lunch and seafood choices. Lunch is made to order, I got the blackened swordfish! It was very good with a large portion and the cilantro lime slaw was yummy, I got a pound to go! Daily catches vary but you can sign up for their email list so you know what they have in the case and for lunch daily. I've also gotten halibut here, very good. The owner told us the best way to cook it and,every fish comes with a lemon
5	Ok ok so I may have been dragging my feet on writing this review. I wanted to keep Deep Sea all to myself!! Muah hahahah...This place is amazing. Deep Sea is a seafood market that sells the freshest seafood around, from 11-2 Monday through Saturday it turns into a lunch spot. It is quite unassuming from the outside. You walk into a simple, clean space. The menu changes daily depending on what is fresh that day. There are a few items that you will always see on the menu. My favorites so far... Any version of the tuna Sandwich, Mahi Mahi Tacos, and the Blackened Catfish Po'Boy. You have two options for sides, steak fries or cilantro slaw. I always get the cilantro slaw. Which is fresh and not mayo heavy. The cilantro adds a pleasant zing to the side. I would be really excited it they added more side choices - maybe a salad or soup option would be nice. They have a small seating area with 5 tables total. The tables fill up during peak lunch times. My suggestion, grab your lunch to go and find a nice bench to eat it on and enjoy the outdoors. The man at the counter seems a bit gruff and unfriendly but he is a good guy. Next time you are around this part of town, make sure you stop and give Deep Sea a try! You won't be disappointed!
5	What a great little gem on Monroe rd. I had lunch served last week and it was awesome and now we're hooked. Fresh seafood daily and it can change daily. Yum!
4	Let's face it, people. Though North Carolina is a coastal state, Charlotte is still not on the ocean. It may only take 3-4 hours to get to the ocean, it doesn't mean we have fresh seafood, by any stretch of the imagination.To be fair, you can go to the coast - say Charleston or Myrtle Beach - and they don't either. Go ahead and ask, I'll wait. Okay, I won't - the review will. Many places will pretend that they do, but in reality, they serve up freshly frozen seafood, just like everywhere else, and it's promptly flown in (perhaps trucked in) from elsewhere.So does it really matter? Sure it does. But it doesn't mean that there aren't options. There just aren't many. Deep Sea has some, and when I say some, it means not many, even if you're there - it's not a huge place, and as has been mentioned, those run out, so get yourself there early if you want something, whether it's to cook or to eat on premise (a cool option, to be sure).
5	I had the chance to sign up for the New England Clam Bake Dinner over the fourth of July weekend and what a treat that was.  We are from New England and spent many Summers in Scituate, Mass so we were excited to check out Larry's Clam Bake.  The evening begins with an assortment of Hor d'oeuvres.  I tried Mini Salmon Cake and Seared Scallop.  Both were delicious but Scallop was definitely my favorite.  Next course was a too large bowl of New England Clam Chowder.  The main Entree was a giant bowl filled with a 1-1/2 pound Lobster, Shrimp, Clams, Mussels, Andouille Sausage and Corn on the Cob.(See the picture that I posted!)  Dessert was Blueberry Cobbler with flaky and freshly baked crust. I was so full at that point but could not help finishing off the dessert because it was that good.  Seating is 1 large Table like a dinner party and everyone brought their own wine & beer.  If you are on Larry's mailing list, don't miss the opportunity to sign up for his private dinner event. You will not be disappointed. Another treat at the dinner was we got a chance to dine across the table from Randy Garcia and his lovely wife - owner of Viva Chicken.A great night all around!
5	Deep Sea is easily my favorite spot for lunch in the area. There is a different menu daily, which proves that  the fish is fresh and never frozen. My favorite item is the tuna sandwich, which is easily the best tuna sandwich that I have ever had. Everything that I have tried on the menu is delicious, you can't go wrong. The sides are a bit light, but it isn't about the sides, its about the freshest seafood you can get anywhere else in the area with unique recipes. There is also a mailing list that updates you daily with the menu for that day. I have brought many people here to try it out and I would recommend it to anyone who loves fresh fish.
5	The seafood at Deep Sea Seafood Market is fresh and delicious. The man at the register was polite and was kind enough to help me decide what I wanted since everything on the menu looked good. I had the smoked salmon BLT minus the bacon and it was tasty. I enjoyed the cilantro slaw and will have to try the steak fries next time. I will definitely go back for lunch.
5	Hubs and I love this place! Wish their lunch hours extended into dinner.  My favs include tuna sandwich and grouper sandwich.  Everything is always fresh and delicious
5	This place is fantastic. It is the epitome of hidden gem. I got the blackened swordfish and my wife got the grilled tuna sandwich. Both were cooked to perfection and seasoned equally as well. The ambiance is inviting and casual. This is definitely a place you must go to before it catches on.
