5	This is the church I always go to when in Las Vegas.  I always try to make it to the Saturday masses so that if I spend my Saturday night up really late enjoying The Strip.. I don't have to worry about waking up early the next day to catch a Sunday mass.. I really enjoy going to Mass here.  The priests are interesting and I have yet to really fall asleep or zone out while at this church.It's beautiful on the inside and the pews are rather comfy.They have an awesome gift shop which I like to go in and check out when I'm here.It's a great place to go to Mass while vacationing in Las Vegas.. I highly recommend it here..
5	WE GOT TO PRAY JUST TO MAKE IT TODAY...I always go to church when I am in Las Vegas!  1.) You got to give thanks to the Lord for all that he has done!2.) Any extra prayers that will help me get richer is NOT a bad thing!This church is very nice and HUGE!  Plus, no matter where you are from, the priest does a great job in making sure you meet and greet the other people around you!Speaking of the priest, the priest at this church is very energetic and interesting!  He really knows how to capture and audience and is a very good speaker!I will always go to this church when I visit Vegas!  It's always good to have God on your side, plus it's good to actually go somewhere in Vegas where you don't have to lose your money!
5	Since I'm in Las Vegas about one Sunday a month, I so appreciate that this church is always there to make me feel welcome.  Love it.
5	Out of all the days of the week, Sunday is my favorite day! The best day of the week. I make it my rest and relaxation day as much as I could out of the life we all lead as you know it. I "try" to keep it holy, whenever I could but I do the best I could for Sundays.Every place I visit anywhere in this world, I visit a holy place...a church or a place of worship to show honor and reverence to my Creator (yours and mine). I keep God in my life, as much in my life. When in Vegas, "The Shrine of the Holy Redeemer" in the south part of Las Vegas' "The Strip" is one of the Catholic Churches I visit to attend my Sunday Holy Mass and other days' Holy Masses or Days of Obligation Masses. There are other Catholic Churches I also attend mass in when I have to go in the afternoon. This Shrine is the Perfect place as it is right in the center of Vegas, very close to "The Strip". It has vast ample parking spaces. Perfect place, for picturesque photo opportunity of a statue of Jesus Christ seated on a rock with a hand raised. He is surrounded by statues of children, on a rock ground with a background of palm trees and the pyramid of Luxor Hotel & Casino, a portrait of being in "The Holy Land"...feeling the vibe of mystery and holiness! Walk into the church entrance is another statue of the Christ with hands outstretched in the air, Welcoming! Upon entering the shrine, Christ on the Cross is on your right next to a Holy Water stand where the devoted, religious and faithful can take home this water in any container preferred. Glass doors leads the faithful to a wide triangular room where on a glass ceramic tiled wall is a statue of The Redeemer Jesus Christ on a Cross. He is alive, not dead! His eyes lifted to the sky and as if He is speaking to His Father. I love this depiction of Christ on the Cross. He is alive in His last minutes of His Life, as if He is with us in this journey of our lives. Most churches I have been to have Christ on the Cross but in his Crucified Death state. The colorful stained glass window casts a beautiful rainbow-like glow on Him with shimmering glitters from the ceramic glass tiles appearing like crystals glowing. I adore Him in this altar! A few steps of stairs leads to the altar. Marble table where the Priest performs the Mass offerings and the Eucharistic Prayers in the Holy Mass is aptly matched by the gleaming tiled floor all around the church. A large black grand piano is situated on the far right of the raised altar while an organ is on the altar's lower side. On both sides of the church's wall are bronze statues depicting "The Annunciation", "Wedding Feast of Cana", "Crucifixion", "Nativity", "Baptism of The Lord", "Washing Of The Feet At The Last Supper". Each lit by a soft glow of spot lighting. Below these depictions are rows of electric candles where the faithful can light a candle for their spiritual prayer offering. Money offerings for this candle light can be dropped in a metal box. Two Exit doors can be seen along both these walls of the church, are accessible only for emergency situations. Rows and rows of light-colored wooden pews matches the overall color scheme of this church. The seats and knee rests are cushioned. The walls along the glass doors  is where "Stations of The Cross" are. A small chapel of "Our Lady of Guadalupe" is on the far right side of the church upon entering the church. Cozy as it is perfect, for adoring Her! The chapel has three major works of art: an oil painting of Our Lady, a hand-carved four foot statue of St. Joseph and child Jesus and a contemporary wall mural. Adjacent to the chapel is where the Comfort Rooms are also available for anyone needing the relief. The Gift Shop is on the left side of the church upon entering the church where religious items such as novenas, Bible, rosaries, statues and the like are to be found for purchase at a reasonable expenditure. I love to visit the Gift Shop from time to time as religious items are ones I never tire of looking at.The Eucharistic Minister or Priest that speaks in the Mass varies but each of them delivers the mass in very interesting and enthusiastic way. Daily Holy Mass is at 11:30 a.m., Saturday Mass is at 4:00 p.m., and Sunday Holy Mass is at 8:00 a.m., 10:00 a.m., and 12:00 p.m.  The gates to the shrine are closed prior to, and after mass. The Shrine's Bulletin states that this 2,200 seats church was dedicated on the Feast of the Presentation of The Lord on February 2, 1993. As this shrine is close to "The Strip" or the Las Vegas Boulevard, expect to find people from around the world praying and visiting this church. It's nice to see many different faces all in one roof... whether Catholic or not, everyone is welcome! I always find this a Perfect Place for delightfully listening to God's Words and have a silent, prayerful adoration! To be in "Sin City" Vegas I need all the spiritual uplifting and guidance from The One powerful above!
5	I go to this church every time I'm in vegas! It's really near the strip and walkable. I'm pretty sure this church is ballin'. I mean think about you win in vegas and then go thank god, and put down a fat donation when the ushers come around for collection, since your in such a good mood. On another note the church is clean and looks like a cathedral since it's soo big! Parking is great and it's easy to find. Oh yea and I met Jasmine Trias here.  My advice if you're in vegas go to church here, its near the strip, across the street from luxor, the pyramid shaped hotel.
4	I suppose that I should start off by confessing that I only went here for two reasons: 1) My churchgoing parents were in town for Christmas and insisted we all go to mass together, and 2) I really wanted one of the Jesus poker chips I had read about in the tourist guide books.The church itself is very large. In fact, it is supposedly the largest in Nevada. It is also on the modern side, but old enough to have a retro feel. Very easy parking and accessibility.This particular church, due in no small part to its location (practically on the Strip, across from the Luxor), caters to tourists. When the priest asked for all the tourists to raise their hands, 99% of the hands went up. It's a very warm and welcoming parish.There is also a lot of great art here. Be sure to check out the chapel. There is a 200 yr old statue of St. Joseph and the child Jesus.After mass (which was very well done), I eagerly made my way to the gift shop. But alas, I was bitterly disappointed when there were no Jesus poker chips to be found.
5	Holiness extended! Must I say that church holy mass hours have been changed. New scheduled hours on Sundays at 8 a.m., 9:30a.m., 11 a.m., 12:30 p.m., 4 p.m., & 5:30 p.m. Change is good. Additions, additions. See these, three Sunday afternoon masses. On Saturdays, mass hours are 4 p.m., & 5:30 p.m. The daily mass from Mondays to Fridays is 12:10 p.m. And if feeling very sorry for being bad...er, sinful (Confession) and want to not do wrong again are Mondays to Fridays at 11:30 a.m. to 12 noon, and on Saturdays at 2:30 to 3:30 p.m. Whew! that's more times for attending and more chances to skip it for the next schedule....oh, be good!  Visits are always empowering and uplifting...a feel good.
5	A lot of masses here to choose from. There's even a 4:00 one, which is very convenient on a Sunday when you want to get out of town. The main physical feature here is a lot of large bronze statues that are pretty cool. Last time I was here there was an older bearded priest with a east coast accent. He was excellent, very holy.
5	Going to church in Sin City is always a challenge (between not waking up from the drunken nights and having to walk almost a mile each way in the 100+ degree heat), but this is my second trip to the Shrine of the Most Holy Redeemer and I have to say--its my go to church in Vegas.I was visiting the City with some friends this past weekend and we decided to make the trek out here.  I frequent the 7:30am mass back home, so I figured the 8am mass at the Shrine would be no problem.  We felt even smarter when we realized that its not that hot when you leave your hotel at 7:40am!  Whoo hoo!  The church itself is very nice and modern.  The priest during our mass was a visiting priest, and we missed his introduction (unfortunately =/).  I liked that he threw in some of the old (pre-Vatican II) Latin in the mix.  And he did a great job explaining why we do the things we do (*dances*).  Overall, great experience.  Now if they could just offer shuttle service to the Monte Carlo ;)  hahaha
4	I go to church every Sunday regardless of what city I'm in, and this church is extremely close and convenient to get to if you're staying on the south end of the Strip (Luxor, Mandalay, MGM, etc).  It's a traditional-looking church with faux-bronze sculptures and amazingly comfortable seats. I still think Guardian Angel Cathedral on the north end of the Strip is more attractively modern-looking, but Holy Redeemer feels closer to home.
5	I find it strange to see the Shrine on Yelp... but I guess anything can be rated!I live in Las Vegas and am a practicing Catholic. I love going to the Shrine (typically on Fridays when I am free) for Daily Mass. They have it every day conveniently at 12:10pm so it's not too early! Fantastic! Plus, I love that it's literally ON the Strip. What a perfect place to welcome people that have no place to go, have gotten lost in this cities appealing madness, or just want to think.**For Daily Mass there is typically a different priest from different parishes across Vegas or a visiting priest from other places so you're going to get a different kind of style every Mass.**Confession is conveniently at 11:30am on Monday- Friday (Saturday 2:30-3:30).Again, you may not get the same priest because whomever is saying the Mass says Confession on that day.**After Daily Mass there is Exposition of the Blessed Sacrament. I think it lasts till 4:30 but that's really convenient to have some time in Adoration right after Mass so I'll usually stay for awhile.**The Shrine has beautiful sculptures and artwork. Being a Catholic convert, I feel like this place got stuck between being the old and traditional type of Church and the more modern, contemporary kind. I like it though. There is a little corner for Mary on one side and also an area for St. Peregrine (patron saint of cancer).**The chapel is one of my favorite ones in Las Vegas. It's absolutely beautiful with a mural that wraps around the tabernacle with a lot of Saints and great Catholic role models.Everyday that I go, this place has a few tourists. There may be 20-40 people that attend Daily Mass. But there are some great regulars that are very kind and sweet :)Gift shop is a regular Catholic gift shop. They do have a bit bigger selection of books than a lot of gift shops and a few more"touristy" items but you're definitely NOT gonna get Jesus poker chips.... (seriously?! It's still the Church....)Love the Shrine!BTW if you're lookin to get married here (or baptized), sorry but you cannot. Remember that the Shrine is a shrine- it's designated as a national sanctuary of pilgrimage and prayer- not a parish church. Just FYI!
4	A live confession of me reviewing this church? :)  This church is located on the Strip, good for out of towners looking to share their thoughts with God when traveling.  I should begin that I confess that I make my way to come to this particular church during Lent/Holy Week/Easter/Christmas.  Its a very large church so it usually can seat everyone attending Mass on Easter or Christmas, it is beautifully decorated and they have daily Mass at various times throughout the day. It is actually posted out in the front of the church.  Keep in mind that this is not a Parish.   I have had several different Priests that lead Mass, and most of them leave you with things to think about of why you are there to attend Mass.  BUT I did experience one priest here that chops the regular one hour mass to 30 minutes, I mean he speeds through mass.  We were late to midnight mass for Christmas (I know bad..) about 15 minutes, and they were already doing Eucharist and then about 10 minutes later, mass ended.   So we came back in the morning because we felt we missed out!  That was funny to me, but something I wanted to share with my fellow worshipers. Peace be with you all.
4	This location was created with the intention to welcoming tourists while staying on the strip.  I was at the MGM, so it was a short 10 minute walk south from where I was.  10 minutes isn't long but in 100 degree weather, it's a little like 40 days and 40 nights.  This mass appears more casual than the average services I've been to.  Coming in with shorts and sandals is no problem.Not sure if it makes sense, but a shuttle from the resorts on Sunday would be so useful.
4	Officially, this is a shrine and not a parish. There are no weddings or baptisms performed here, although the sacrament of confession is  available at this church.If you have ever seen the movie Hangover, you actually see this church in the background as the guys are going through their WORST shenanigans, with Luxor hotel to one side of the screen. Tsk-Tsk. Located at the end of the strip. Saturday Vigil masses at 4 pm and 5:30 pm.Sunday: 8 am, 9:30 am, 11 am, 12:30 pm, 4 pm, 5:30 pmhttp://www.parishesonline.com/scripts/HostedSites/Org.asp?ID=6936I'm very grateful that this church is there to serve the many tourists as well as locals. Heaven knows the excesses of Vegas need a spiritual antidote.Thankfully, many who have found their way into this Shrine know to be modest in dress, the most revealing outfits are basically tank tops and shorts and sandals.Beautiful and cool interior. The Altar is decorated with a lovely mosaic, with tall stained glass slit windows letting in filtered light. Several lovely sculptures of scenes from the life of Our Lord adorn both sides of the church. Donations to light a prayer candle (they are actually electronic candles - push a switch to light one)Gift shop on the premises. The Shrine depends on donations from visitors and locals for its upkeep. Please be generous, so Catholics and other worshipers will have a refuge of prayer and silence from the cacophony and chaos that is Las Vegas.
5	This is a good place to go and fill welcome every time.  I know I reviewed the Shrine once but I don't think I said enough.this is a beautiful relaxing place to think and to listen to God. to hear the joy God wants you to fill.
5	This is where we go to church when we visit Las Vegas.  It is a beautiful modern looking church.  I even heard they accept casino chips for offertory.  I have never seen this so I cannot confirm if this is true.It is located just off the Strip close to Mandalay Bay, Luxor, and Excalibur.  There is plenty of parking for everyone.  There are many Mass times available to attend.  They have a nice gift shop which is closed during mass, but opens after each mass has ended.We always enjoy coming here when we are in "Sin City", and we will continue to whenever we are in town on weekends.
5	Great location right off the strip, walking distance from Excalibur & Luxor. Several Mass times available. Dress is casual or regular Sunday best, whichever you prefer. Music was wonderful and ushers friendly.
5	Beautiful church with a magnificent display of large statues adorning the  sides of the altar. I can see why tourists would visit this shrine. It also has a small gift shop to buy your Catholic essentials and souvenirs. They don't have a wide wide selection of wooden rosaries though. I was hoping that they would have more designs. But the place is worth a visit especially when it comes to attending Holy Sunday mass. So try to catch mass while on vacation.
