4	Stopped in to get a Steamie Sandwich.  Parker's steams all the sandwiches, which I have had in other cities but never have seen in PGH.  Parker's is open for breakfast, coffee and lunch/sammies.The sandwich menu is on a chalk board where you pick your bread (bagel, pretzel bun, sub roll) meat, cheese and condiments.  The sandwich is then steamed.  You get a nice warm steamed sandwich.  I had a meatball with pepperoni, provolone on a bagel with some banana peppers and onions.    Delicious!  Nice price too, $5. There were a couple of soups and a mac & cheese with bacon special.  Was told that all the bread, meat and coffee were bought from local PGH businesses.  Zeke Coffee, meat from Butcher on Butler and Strip District Meats.The space is in the old Dormont Dog's location, with about 6 counter seats and three small tables.
5	A great steamed sandwich place in PGH - the steamed sandwiches are unlike any other sandwiches available in the city.  All the ingredients are local and super fresh - it's awesome to see PGH businesses support other local businesses and the community.  Breakfast sandwiches are insanely affordable and delicious, and I love the pretzel buns (also local). The meatballs sandwiches are insanely good too (an old family recipe), and the meats are from Butcher on Butler (in Lawrenceville).  Also carries the best coffee in the Burgh, from Zeke's.  Definitely worth a trip, especially to try something new.  I'll be back soon!
4	I'm glad to see something take Dormont Dogs' spot that is worthy.  From my first, and only, impression I like the place, and the owner seems like a nice guy - it is great to see people my age (29) who are proprietors of their own businesses, and I really hope this guy makes it.  The decor of the place is really clean looking, and not overbearing...  I had a peanut butter and bacon sandwich on a pretzel bun.  Bacon and peanut butter is a great combo, and it really can't be screwed up, but it can be done better than others, and Parker's achieves that by having really freaking good pretzel buns, and of course the whole primes of the place, steaming the sandwich.I am I happy there is a plain ole sandwich joint around, and a good one to boot - I plan on being a regular here.  You only wish the place was bigger with more of a kitchen so they could do more, and also it is too bad the place doesn't have a larger seating area.Let your friends know; the place being on Glenmore makes it a bit hidden!
5	Stopped in today for a sandwich and a coffee.  Of course I left more then satisfied. First off Zeke's coffee which I have never had before is made fresh and is really outstanding. I went with a breakfast sandwich called the "Mile High" came with peppers and onions and of course made fresh and steamie! All the ingredients are fresh and the Pretzel bun from SouthSide Pretzel shop is outstanding. Really thinking outside of the box at this place. I received the sandwich and a large coffee for around $6.50--great price for the quality. Owner and chef definitely are following plan A and doing it right. I will be back. A quality sandwich shop is hard to find. Next time I'm going to have to try the meatballs or their soup which I heard is great. Clean and welcoming environment!
5	This place is great! The owner is very personable and attentive to customers. Great sandwiches made with local breads and meats... My daughter said the sausage patty she got was the best she had ever had. Great coffee, too. Spread the word! Help this local business thrive!
5	I've been to Parker's Pgh a handful of times and have never left disappointed.  When conversing with the owner Luke,he explained to me that his goal is to bring some of the best products from around the city together to make up his menu.  From Zekes coffee,to the Butcher on Butler,The Pretzel Shop in the southside,to the Sanchioli buns; all local,fresh,and extremely delicious.  The papagorgio is a mixture of homemade meatballs,fresh pepperoni,and banana peppers,and is extremely delicious.  The other sandwiches I've tasted were "Barkleys golf swing" and the "D Crockett",both amazing.  The "Barkleys golf swing" came with white lightning sauce which is an absolute game-changer,  I will now order that sauce on all of my chicken sandwiches and I highly recommend it.  If you are looking for a new,fresh, sandwich shop with reasonable prices,I highly suggest Parkers Pgh.  I plan on frequenting this establishment quite often.
