4	I've been here on 3 separate occasions and have been seen by 3 different techs. On my 1st visit, my tech was a man who had a thumb nail missing on his right hand (sorry, I didn't get his name). The pedicure was good and the massage that went with it had just the right amount of pressure. Now to my hands. He was very particular on how my elbows were positioned. He kept repositioning them. I found that odd and annoying. My 2nd visit was with Tricia (if I was solely basing my rating on her, I would have given it 5 stars). She was very good. She worked quickly and seemed to be quite the perfectionist. My nails with her lasted almost 5 weeks without a single lift, even with painting the house and doing some spring cleaning. For my 3rd visit, I called and asked for Tricia, but she was off. What nail tech takes Sunday off? (Well, good for her) So, I walked in and hoped for the best. I ended  up with Ivy. She has a permanent pleasant 'smile' on her face. The massage part of the pedicure was weak and my nails were thicker than I like, but the experience was still a good one. This is your typical nail salon, with nice decor and two tv's on the wall. There are quite a few nail stations with probably just as many pedicure stations, maybe 10 or so. I normally bring my own polish for my toes, but from what I can see, they do have a large selection. They always seem busy, but people don't seem to wait any longer than 10 minutes.
5	I've been here three times and have no complaints! I like this place a lot more than Red Persimmon.   First time was a walk-in and they got me seated in 10mins with Tram who did an amazing job.  Next trip, Tram wasn't there so I had Cindy who I plan on going back to from now on, though after observing the techs next to us and their happy clients, it's safe to say this place has good people!  Mani's are always done carefully and not rushed through - no accidental pokes here:P  They also have the UV light that's quicker than other shops and they are for individual hands so you don't have to think about not touching your nails together.  For gel mani its $35 and for gel mani and regular pedi I hashed out $60.  Walk ins seem to be accommodated very well and the wait is about 10-15mins.  I just wish I knew how to operate those massage chairs for the pedi :/ LOL They also accept cards without extra fees!
5	Favorite place for a mani/pedi! I've been going here for over a year now & my experience is always great. Ivy used to do my nails & she was amazing & super friendly but she doesn't work here anymore. So now my go to nail technician is Tricia! She does a great job & takes her time! Even when there's other customers waiting I don't feel like I am being rushed. My pedicures with regular nail polish last about 3 weeks & my gel mani can stay on for as long as a month. I usually don't bother messing with massage chairs when I get a pedi but the chairs they have here are pretty comfy & massage well. The massage during the pedi is great too. It doesn't feel like they're just applying lotion to my legs. I usually make an appointment but even when doing a walk-in I've never waited longer than 10 mins.
2	I will never come here again. I paid $55 plus tip for a full set of gel nails yesterday. I had to come back today to have them fixed because the metallic stripe fell off in the shower. Also, my daughter got her nails painted and on one nail, the polish was so thick that it wasn't dry an hour later. I had to have the nail tech remove all the polish from that nail and re-paint it. A simple manicure (paint only) took almost 2 hours!
5	Deluxe with extra massage was the most awesome.  The service, the place, the overall was excellent.  I was visiting from out of town and they took us right in on a Sunday.  We will be back!!!
5	It was my first time in and I must say I think I found a place that makes me happy, lol. It's not far from where I live, and the lady (think her name was Cindy or Mindy or something) was amazing. Did my gel pedicure, gel fill, and waxing in an hour and a half and did a great job. She didn't talk to me, (which I loved since I'm here to relax, not make friends) and she was very professional and gave me exactly what I wanted and constantly asked if I liked how it was turning out before it was too late. Ill definitely be back!
1	I was in the neighborhood after a doctors appointment. I decided to try this area out.Walked in they were rude, walked back out and went somewhere else. They were also very dirty so that was a huge factor in me leaving as well
3	First time here to get a pedi. Since its closer to me I gave it a try.  I waited about 5 minutes so I ran to Starbucks to get a drink. I got back and sat in the massage chair.  The water temp was lukewarm. I had to figure out the massage chair on my own. My normal place sets it for me. The tech was friendly but no speak a English I think.  Starting June 2014 they will add $1 for credit/debit charges. My pedi was $30, $25 for pedi and $5 for skin removal with the cheese grater...lol. Not bad on the pricing. Clean store. It was an hour before closing and all techs were busy with 3 people waiting. I was satisfied.
5	First time in there, and I will return! My brothers girlfriend recommended this place, so I checked it out, and I was really pleased. I saw Sam, and he was very nice. I like my nails with a curve on them, and he right away assured me he could do it, and he did not disappoint! I've tried a few places, and even with curved tips, they can't get them right, but Sam used regular tips and made the acrylic work perfectly. I can't wait to go for a pedi too! Love this place.
1	USED to be a loyal customer here. Today I went in for a pedicure and manicure and was given a male tech.. I had to ask 3 times for warmer water, never got it. My tech didn't understand English, which became irritating when having to wait for another tech to translate our conversation. My massage was short, the length of Justin Timberlake's TKO song which is barely 5 minutes long. I treat myself to pedicures and the best part of the pedicure is the massage, I tip them even more when it's a good massage and was very disappointed today. Any other time I got a pedicure at this salon I had callus remover and a good scrub, today that was also not given.This was a totally different, half assed pedicure that I have never received from this salon before. His tools were dirty to me and over all the salon is dirty especially compared to other salons I've been to, another big turn off with this place. New tools should be taken out for any nail job, EVERY TIME. I called the salon manager  to explain my disappointment in my service today and she was extremely rude back to me. From here on out, I will be driving an extra 10 minutes to Haute Nails on 6640 Durango Dr 702-586-0888
1	I used to love this place and the fact that they were walking distance from where I live, but because of their inconsistency and the bad service I was given ON MY BDAY, I won't be back, EVER. It was my birthday and the lady knew since I told her and still she made me feel as if it wasnt a special occasion. Not only was I unhappy with how they turned out, I was upset that I didnt get to feel pampered on the one day of the year that I should feel like a million bucks. Boo you Lady... Not only that, but she didnt listen to the style I wanted, not at all and I didnt appreciate her condescending laughs and tone when I would tell her I wanted things a particular way. Maybe she was trying to make jokes but I found it rather rude and insulting. But I do have to say, if it wasnt for the lady (should have gotten her name, but she has short hair and I think shes new because I've never seen her before) who did such a bad job on my gel French manicure/pedicure (that I didn't even want in the first place, but felt rushed into picking a design and color) -which should be basic Nail 101- I wouldn't have found my new go to nail salon! So thanks club nail, lol.
1	I have been going here since they opened. I was lucky enough to get Kay the owner and she does a wonderful job. I like a lot of fancy nail art and she always amazed me with her perfection giving me exactly what I wanted. Then about month 4 she told me she would no longer be doing fancy nail art! Well this was a huge turn off and a red flag as my nail art is my expression of myself. So for the next few months I had to settle on boring one color nails that I hated. Then Kay started pawning me off to the guy that sits behind her in station 3 this guy is a jerk and has a bad attitude. He made my nails so thick and left nail glue all over under the nails didn't bother to file the corners so they were so sharp I had enough of this place on today's visit. The whole shops attitude is snobby and I know they are talking about their clients in Vietnamese and laughing at us and I feel uncomfertable and it's just rude. I have always been a big tipper but this place lost a long term client that I usually walked out paying $75 with a pedi and eyebrow wax. Oh let me tell you about the eyebrow wax. 1st you lay down on a sheet that is not changed after each customer same with the pillow case. The gal basically ruined my eyebrows they are bald in the middle I always had a full beautiful eyebrow until they got ahold of me. Now my eyebrows that are growing back grow straight out! I'm am very unhappy as you can tell. The pedis are nice but very short compared to some of the girls that take their time I always felt cheated and rushed and it seems like they nickel and dime you for everything. So I hope this helps someone that is looking for a new shop as this is a disgrace. And it is not clean. Look at the garbage can by the sink it's gross and none of the pedi tools are wrapped or sanitized. This place needs the board to come in and do a inspection I know it would get bad demerits.
4	I was there at opening, had the place to myself. Nice pedicure, the tech took her time. I would definitely go again.
2	I went in here for their deluxe pedicure. I was able to walk in and got sat down immediately. The Asian lady who helped me was nice and pleasant and seem to be taking her time with everything. That is until her next appointment showed up. That's about halfway through the pedicure. From that point on I felt everything was rushed and she just went through the movements. I get bad calluses on the bottom of my feet which is why I go in for a pedicure once in a while. She used the callous remover but I still have every callous on the bottom my feet. Absolutely nothing special about this place and next time I'll be going somewhere else.
