4	Thai Style Noodle House of Chinatown has expanded to the southwest side, in the same plaza as Waffles Cafe. The restaurant has been called the best Thai Restaurant in Vegas (not Lotus of Siam),  so there is pressure for this restaurant to deliver if its to carry the Thai Style Noodle House name and it does!@ NH Style Potstickers - This was a delicious appetizer taking a book from the Japanese drizzling spicy mayo, eel sauce, and some hot sauce. Sprinkled on top is some sesame seeds, white onions, and green onions. The only issue with this item was the wonton wrap was fried a little bit too much so it was hard, not crispy. I told the waiter and the manager thanked me for it and gave me the item half off. Yay! Hopefully in the future they'll fix this issue. @ Seafood Wonton Soup w/ Rice Noodles - This place sure gets you your money worth. Filling the noodles with wontons, shrimp, fish balls, sea cucumber,  clams, and fish. The chicken broth is a clean tasting and delicious. A good fulfilling and delicious dish for $7.60.This place opened this past week and looks like they're getting some foot traffic already.  The decor is nice, doesn't look like the hole in the wall Chinatown version. The fake granite tables, copper ceiling, and simple layout makes this an inviting place to come eat. Service is very friendly and attentive. When I explained to them my concerns for one of their appetizer, they were genuinely appreciative. This is a rare thing to find.A new restaurant (kind of) that delivers the first time, with some minor issues. Great food and service makes you consider going to this place over the other surrounding Thai restaurants.
5	This is a second location expanded from china town. Nice place. Good food. and very reasonable price.Very friendly service. If you don't know what to order. Ask Tara or Vera, The nice waitress who will help you to order. Trust me they do the best. The lunch combo special. 1 choice of appertizer plus 2 tiem come with soup and rice. $7.95!!  Best Deal in Las Vegas.Duck Noodle soup.very tasty with the herb duck broth. Kai-koa noodle. The pan fried noodle with chicken very authentic thai taste.Forget the authentic thai food from thaitown LA. This place is a DIAMOND in  sin city!!!!
5	Awesome food. My toddlers loved the fried chicken (thin strips) and fried rice. I had the spicy Thai noodle with 5 out of 10 spicy and really enjoyed it. We also ordered WooChee salmon and the 3 spice sauce was crazy yummy. It is a small casual, mompop kind of place. Service was friendly.  We will be coming back regularly.
4	First things first: this would be a five star review, however they were out of panang curry when I visited last...this will easily be bumped that extra star if this was an isolated incident.  I loved that panang!Thai Style Noodle House was a real treat.  This location is a few suites down from Waffles Cafe on Fort Apache.  During one of my visits to Waffles Cafe, I saw that the staff was ordering Thai food; within 20 mins the food was delivered.  After some investigation I saw that Thai Style Noodle House had recently opened this location.Later that week I stopped by for dinner and ordered a chef special, panang curry with avocado and salmon.  This was simply...awesome.  For my curry fix I've been going to Archi's...if only I found Thai Style sooner!  The avocado was a bit hard, but the flavor of the panang brought a smile to my face with each bite.  I ordered it at a 5 out of 10 on the hot scale, and it was what I expected.  After a second visit, they've been consistent with their scale through the four dishes that I've thus tried.Since then I've had the papaya salad, red curry, and the pad see ew.  After adding some chili powder to the papaya for a little more kick, it became a great side dish to the entrees.  The red curry was good, but I enjoyed the panang a lot more (they were out of panang this night).  And the pad see ew was a very pleasant surprise!  I've had this dish before at other restaurants, and it came out oily and bland.  But here the noodles were cooked perfectly and mixed in with egg and beef, creating a lovely texture with the soft egg and noodles giving way to the thinly sliced beef.  I've been expanding my tastes recently when it comes to Thai cuisine, and I can't wait for my next visit to Thai Style!
4	The food is very good. I had the fried chicken and rice and it was incredible and its right around the corner from my house!
4	Actually Thai Style Noodle House #2, this is a sister/twin of Thai Style Noodle House on Wynn Road. I have written a review for Thai Style #1previously. The decor for #2 is much nicer than #1. It still has the feel of a local eatery and it's in a newly build strip mall. There is an ornate brass ceiling with chandeliers but the walls are plain orange with a few Pier 1 type art pieces hanging. Nothing too fancy or garish. Nice. The place had a steady stream of customers...not too crowded and not too awkwardly lonely either. A perfect lunch spot. The service here was also just as good as #1. One of the waitresses at #2 was the same waitress I had at #1. I was slightly miffed that they did not have vegetarian/vegan lunch specials (as I was told that by the waitress) and had to order off the menu. I ordered the Papaya Salad and the Spicy Flat Noodles (Pad Kee Mao on Thai menus usually). I liked that they had the option to get steamed tofu instead of friend. I opted for the steamed and have to say although let's face it, the fried is much better, this was rather good. I got my food within 10 minutes. The papaya salad was consistent with my experience at #1 and the Flat Noodles were also tasty. I didn't like the addition of white pepper on top of the noodles as a finishing touch. I might tell them to omit that the next time I go there. The flat noodles was sauteed with basil, garlic, steamed tofu, carrots, onions and cabbage. Not out of this world but tasty and satisfied me for lunch.Papaya Salad + Spicy Flat Noodles + Diet Coke = $15. The meal will last me at least one more day. Not too shabby but would have appreciated a veggie lunch special. I'm glad these guys opened up something on this side of town. It's close to work and I can frequent when I have a Thai craving. PS. I tried to take pictures and make this the first review that I started picture adding but I don't know how to turn off the flash on my camera...currently all my pics are bright lights. Once I get more camera savvy I will be going crazy posting pictures.
4	We loved this place, we dined at the ft apache location . Nice and clean, the service was friendly and prompt . We were impressed w/ the presentation of our dishes. We ordered the papaya salad , pad Thai panang curry beef, yellow curry chix and spicy eggplant. All med in spicyness on recomendations from other yelpers, it was still spicy for me . I took off one star only because the yellow curry was a little thin but still flavorful .  Beef panang curry was the best I ever had. The sauce was a thing of beauty perfect consistency not greasy or broken . Like it was made to order. Spicy eggplant w/ pork was another stand out. Everything else was above avg. It was like a fine dining Thai restaurant . I think the chef had some type formal training,like I said the sauces and presentation were impressive , a neighborhood thai restaurant? ,wow lucky I live in this area. Oh yeah like other yelpers have said prices r great, maybe I should give back a star .
5	Finally went to this place since it's closer to my house then the Thai Style Noodle house #1 on Spring Mtn and Wynn. This place is still as good as the first place. I ordered the same things such as the House Tom Yum Noodle which was delicious, Papaya Salad spicy 8 hit the spot, Pad Thai, Fried chicken, and the fried rice and chinese sausage and pork. All item were authentic. Service was great. I believe the waitress came from #1. The restaurant is very cute and comfortable. The food came out really fast too.I would definitely recommend this place over any Thai restaurant in Las Vegas. Thai Style Noodle House #1 and #2 are my first choices! If you want the old school feel i would go to #1 and more modern would be #2... both same in taste..
4	Visited last night , beef panang curry not as good as first time . Yellow curry with chix and pumpkin really good .  Eggplant with chix very good same as last visit. Still a very good restaurant. Service very good.
4	I'm becoming a Panang addict. I have to try it wherever I go. Tonight was no exception. After reading Anthony M's ROTD, I figured this would be a good place to take my Dad for a little birthday dinner with my brother.Panang Avocado with Salmon. Doesn't that just sound awesome? Well it wasn't mind-blowing, but it was pretty good. Honestly, I still prefer Archi's Panang overall, but I love the fact that it comes with ample large chunks of salmon and avocado. It's kind of a perfect little marriage. You take some salmon and avocado in with your rice on each spoonful. The combination works swimmingly.As it turns out, my Dad no longer eats spicy food. Fortunately, there are plenty of options for him. He ended up going with the Seafood Wonton soup. It looked delicious and had plenty of seafood. I like the uber-wide bowl they use to serve the soup. My brother went with the Yellow Curry with Tofu. I didn't ask him how it was, but he seemed to enjoy it.As a side note, it was strange that the place was basically empty when we got there, but within minutes, the place was full. It's like after we sat down, a constant stream of customers just kept walking in until all the tables filled up. Also, I found the TV programming to be interesting. I used to love home improvement shows and seeing an Asian version was definitely entertaining.
2	I'm giving it 2 stars for the service and quickness. Now for the food, we ordered the pad Thai and the pad se ew. The pad thai was a big clump of sticky gummy ramen like noodles you could barely chew let alone swallow, but the flavor was good they need a flatter noodle and the chicken was over cooked. The pad se ew had good flavor but the noodles were not wide the pork was tough.I prefer the food at the corner Thai kitchen around the corner on trop.  Give it a try and please let me know what you think.  I jugde a Thai place on the pad Thai if they can make that well, you can bet the rest will be good too.
4	Their appetizer fried wonton is the best! it has that zesty sweet taste to it which I love! I would say its the only thing i order from the appetizer menu. Haven't tried it yet?! i suggest you should!
4	Thai Style Noodle House was worthy of two visits within a week - lunch specials are a great deal here so we couldn't resist returning!From 10:30 am to 4 pm, lunch specials are in full swing.  (This applies on weekends too!)  For $5.95, you choose one item from their list and you also get soup of the day, steamed rice, and choice of appetizer (fried tofu, egg roll, or fried wonton).  For only two dollars more ($7.95), you can make it a two item lunch special from their list.  That's a pretty good deal already!Soup of the day (on both visits) were an egg drop soup that had chunks of goodies in it and fried garlic on top.  A nice start to lunch.  First visit, the Husband had the two item lunch special - Fried Garlic and Pepper Beef and the Panang Chicken with the Fried Tofu appetizer, whereas I had the one item lunch special - Yellow Curry with Tofu with the Fried Wonton appetizer.  With the two item lunch special, we thought they would give him less of each, but it was actually two full regular lunch portions.  Definitely a great deal!  They even asked if I wanted soft or fried tofu for my entree choice.  My curry was loaded with lots of veggies - carrots, string beans, bamboo shoots, napa cabbage, and baby corn.  All their entrees were good and tasty and we were both pleased with our choices.  On our second visit, we both got the one item lunch - the Husband stayed with his Fried Garlic and Pepper Beef Choice with the Fried Wonton appetizer while I had the Panang with Tofu with Fried Eggroll appetizer.  They did get our spices mixed up on this visit though.  I requested medium while the Husband asked for spicy.  His has no spice while mine had all the heat.  It was still good nonetheless.Be sure to ask for the Thai condiments - sometimes they automatically give it to you while other times you have to ask for it.Their version of Thai iced tea is pretty good and a steal at $1.75.Service is fine - both times we went was after the lunch rush so we were attended to as needed.Overall, Thai Style Noodle House ranks up higher than some of the other Thai restaurants in the area offering lunch specials.Minimum $15 for credit card use.
2	Not good.We ordered the chicken wings, pad thai, and pineapple fried rice last night.  The woman on the phone was very nice, and informed us the delivery would take about 45 minutes, since they were busy.  We were fine with this, unfortunately I can't say the same about the food.The Pad thai showed up in a large clump of mushy noodles.  The flavors were all there, but the texture ruined the dish.  The Fried Chicken wings had feathers on them.  Yes, feathers.  This should never happen, but clearly someone in the kitchen was rushing.  Either way, disgusting.The Pineapple fried rice lacked the flavor many others have had, but it wasn't gross, just not very good.  It was on the light side which was nice, but still is not worth ordering. I'm not remotely interested in trying this place again, there are way too many Thai restaurants to settle for poor quality food.
1	Thai food is quick to cook...the technique takes longer to master!  Wouldn't recommend
2	So my wife and I are big fans of the Thai Style Noodle House in Chinatown.  We just recently saw that there is one in our neighborhood.  In fact, it's five minutes away, ON THE SAME STREET!!! We were very excited, and decided on night to have some delivered.  That was mistake number 1 for us.  They said that it would be 25-30 minutes.  After 45 minutes, I called them and they said that the driver was just now leaving.  15 minutes later, the driver calls me and says he cannot find our apartment complex.  I told him exactly how to get to our place from the restaurant, and he tells me it's not right.  So after a little back and forth, I finally convince him that I know what I'm talking about, and he's on his way.  15 minutes later, he cannot find our apartment building, blah blah blah.  To top it all off, they didn't even get our order correct.  Long story short, I wouldn't order delivery from them again, but I would go pick up takeout.
4	I, too, am such a big fan of #1 that the temptation to try #2 was too great to pass up.  So, tonight my bf and I decided to hold off on Double Cheeseburgers and Fries from McDonald's and just eat from Thai Style Noodle House.  He ordered the BBQ Chicken over Fried Rice and I ordered the Chicken Penang Curry with Steamed Rice.  My boyfriend's words, "I've never had fried rice like this.  It's a nice change and the flavors are good."  He was truly impressed with how they BBQ the chicken.  The charbroiled taste was something that sticks to his mind every time.  He definitely enjoyed it.As for me, I'm a penang curry chic.  I just realized that if I was to be asked what my favorite dish is I can now say, "PENANG CURRY!"  The way they made it here was really good.  It wasn't too salty and the combination with the steamed rice was just AWESOMMMMMME!  I forgot to mention that I picked up Chicken Over Fried Rice for my boss at lunch today from here.   She loved it and says the fried rice is the freshest she's ever tasted.  Being sick as she was, she definitely felt great after eating their dish.I'm so happy you're not too far away, Thai Style Noodle House of Spring Valley.  :)
3	It seems that the owners of Thai Style noodle house like to compete with other Thai restaurants. Their location in Chinatown is surrounded by Thai places and on Fort Apache theres an abundant amount of Thai places. I don't think TSNH is a knock out for the other restaurants its competing against, but its cheap.The value of the items you order is a great bang for the buck and they have a large variety of noodles. Although it always weirds me out when I see a Thai restaurant sell won ton noodles. Sometimes the wait time is a bit long (I see an elderly thai lady working in the kitchen which is a good and bad thing). If you come here in a party, I would probably skip the chef specials, not because they're not good, but because you'll probably be waiting another 10 minutes or so while your friends are grubbing. Oh yeah, I find it a little weird that not all their drinking glasses are the same color. I think its a little weird when we get 7 waters and 3 are in clear glasses while the other 4 are in red.The service is nice though, never really had a problem with any orders.THE SUMMARY:cheap, variety, long wait, weird cups, decent service.
2	i decided i was hooked on their penang curry and wanted to eat it again.  however, i got curious about their penang curry with avocado and salmon since i've read great reviews on it.  For my boyfriend, he got what he always gets, bbq chicken over fried rice. I am saddened to say that i will be giving the cook only 2 stars.  Ever had old fish and just know its old because of the strong fishy taste?  well that's exactly how my salmon tasted.  i know what salmon tastes like and fresh salmon does not have a strong fishy odor or fishy taste.  I just did not get the same experience as everyone else who's had this.  As for my boyfriend's experience, well lets just saw that he wasn't as impressed as he was the past two times.  The fried rice was not as tasty and clearly looked like it was cooked in no more than a minute.  Of course i'm over exaggerating but its just not as great as china town location and the first time we ordered from here.
4	Prices are great. Portions are good. Nearby. We're regulars! My husband's on a Thai kick. Have no idea why, but he wants to try every Thai place in town. We were frequent visitors of Basil and Lime then Surang's but I believe that my husband and I have found our "spot". The staff is really friendly and the food is good. If you're used to the traditional flavors of Thai food, then there's a possibility that you may not like this place. AND the reason why I say that is because of the pad thai & the ladnar (Sp?). These are two dishes that I ordinarily do NOT like at other places, there's usually a funky taste to them and I have no idea how to describe them, they taste almost spoiled to me... I personally am not able to enjoy them because of that. But TSNH's version has me going in for more every time! We're here a minimum of 2 times a week. Yep-- return visits.
3	Honestly, I don't know jack about Thai food. I eat it occasionally, but not frequently enough to pick up the nuances of specific dishes. So, take this review with a grain of salt. The wife and I got takeout the other night. It's a cute little place... clean, modern, but small. The red curry with chicken that my wife ordered was hot. Very hot... at least for her. She got a level 5 and couldn't finish it because it was so hot. She also ordered extra veggies which cost a dollar. I don't like spicy food so I went with a 2 for my yellow curry chicken dish. Perfect (lack of) heat for me. It was tasty but could have used more chicken. I'd go back to try other dishes.
4	I finally had a visit to the infamous second TSNH.  Some folks say it doesn't live up to the original.  I am here to say that it does!  This is by far the best Thai restaurant on this side of town.  We ordered the Khua-Kai, the combination Beef Noodle Soup (with glass noodle), and a dish not even offered on the menu.  Every single dish tasted just as good as the other Thai Style Noodle House, which is saying a lot.  Thai food is difficult to cook, and a lot of places have a disparity between the original chef and new chefs.  TSNH2 does not suffer from this hurdle as much as other Las Vegas Thai restaurants have shown in the past.The Khua-Kai was spot on with the noodles and the sprouts and the homemade sweet and sour sauce.  We quite enjoyed it.  It was a nice balance to the spicier dishes that we ordered.The combination Beef Noodle Soup is a must try at TSNH, as far as I am concerned.  The broth was just as rich and flavorful as the original location.  Most Thai places use a rather thin broth for this dish, but TSNH uses a thick and creamy beef based broth that cooks all day long.  Its just amazing.  I had this same soup at the original TSNH yesterday, and today at the new location it tasted exactly the same.  Loved it.Overall, if you live in this part of town, this is the Thai restaurant to go to.  It is the most authentic out of the other spots located in this area, and it just tastes better.  Compared to the original, the interior is much nicer (newer building complex), but you will still see some familiar faces.  Awesome Thai food here!
4	One of the better Thai places I've tried in town. The restaurant is nice, clean and spacious, and the service is friendly. The menu prices are definitely a steal compared to other Thai places I've been to, and the menu choices are diverse ranging from classic curries to a variety of noodles (each with a description). Wanting something healthy, I ordered the Papaya Salad- crunchy julienned green papaya, peanuts and tomatoes tossed together in a sour, sweet, and slightly spicy (level 3) vinaigrette. The vinaigrette also had fish sauce in it, so if you're not a fan of fish sauce, I'd recommend something else. On the side of the heap of papaya salad were a few pieces of cabbage. The salad was refreshing and light. My only complaints are: 1) The tomato pieces on top were mushy; and 2) I wish they added more peanuts. The peanuts added depth to the salad, and cut the vinegary-ness of the dressing. Overall, however, I enjoyed the salad very much. I also tried a bit of the Green Curry w/ brown rice which was really yummy. Spicy, but not too spicy. Sweet, but not too sweet. Just really tasty.I also am a fan of the water! They put slices of fruit (lemons, strawberries & green apples) in the water pitcher, which I thought was pretty and gave the water a nice taste. The server made sure my water glass was never empty. I definitely want to come back to try their noodle dishes (Apparently, the duck noodle soup is amazing). Good eats.
4	Yes ,this is #2 and sister to #1 on wynn, near chinatown.I've found this place while driving by and decided on lunch and have been very happy find,as their lunch special are reasonable and a fair selection to chose from.. Sometimes they forget to give lunch menu, if they do ,just ask...I never had to wait to get in,as I have been there at several different times for lunch and brought friends the last time. Fyi I found if you order any noodle dish to go,they will end up clumpy,best to eat them in the restaurant.. I prefer the red curry, and found it very tasty and of course a glass of thai ice tea to cool off the spices,lol.. I did find I prefer this thai place,then the ones around the corner,which are a little more pricey...Service has always been prompt and the only downfall is the napkin holder,which are not really napkin holder,but a small cup and I guess have to ask for any thai compliments for the table? I have yet to try #1,as last time there was a wait to get in and I was hungry and couldn't wait 30 mins...I prefer their 2 items lunch and will go back many times...yummy
4	Panang curry all the way\!  Yellow & Red Curry were good too!  Or even just the hot & sour soup.  Star system is based on 1-10, not traditional 1-5, FYI.  But if not hot enough dining in, the will bring the condiments to bring up the heat, so don't you worry.3rd time going to give a final 'overview' of this place.Full of spice, they offer lunch specials, AND THEY DELIVER!! (limited)$15minimum for CC purchases, which is fine as food is worth getting again.I also recommend take-away, as when I was there, multiple orders were lined up for patrons to come in and pick up.
4	Love this place!  I go here so often, as soon as they see me or anyone in my family come in, they already know our order.  Staff is great and the food is delicious.  Hubby and our daughter usually get the Orange Chicken and I usually get the Noodle House Soup or the Laarb.
5	Fish Cake appetizer with a sweet sauce - fabulous!  Roasted Duck Noodle Soup - so delicious!  Broth is dark with loads of flavour.  Garnish of garlic chips for garlic lovers!  Instead of a bowl, it was served in a deep casserole dish.  Different.Rad Na - Fried Rice Noodles with Chinese Brocolli and Beef in a brown gravy sauce - it was okay for me.  The sauce was on the thick side.   The restaurant is very casual.  The owner was very friendly.
5	Excellent food at great price!!! We always order the same dish every time we go ( every 2wks). You have to try their Thai style noodle soup w/flat noodle, that's my favorite!!! Pork larrb, pad see eu, shrimp fried rice, chicken panang, papaya salad  are among the other dishes we always order!!!! Very friendly staff....I guess I can say we are regulars here, way better than archi's
5	It's really 4.5 starsI visit the one in chinatown all the time and since  this one is closer to home it gets 5 stars, I will admit the one in chinatown is better though. Even though it should be the same stuff the flavors are not as good as the one in chinatown, but since it's so close to home I will give it that extra star. Tried the calamari for the first time the other day and it was really good, portions of the calamari was a little small but I would gladly get a smaller portion of a great dish than a large portion of a bad dish. Service is always great.
4	Fantastic lunch.  Excellent value.  Nice people.  The green curry pork truly hit the spot.  I've been to Thailand more frequently than to Reno, so I can wholeheartedly endorse this spot.  The dinner menu is quite standard with a few additional 'Chinese-style' dishes.  Beef Broccoli?  Sure.  Why not?  Next time is the acid test - Phad Thai and Tom Kar Gai.  If these pass muster, I'll be a frequent visitor.  Great find!  Thanks, Yelp.
4	Really like this place! The soups and noodles are great. I specially like tom kha and beef noodle soup. Fried rice is wicked too. Pineapple rice is delicious.I have a weird habit of having dinner here after a long day in the office. Soups are healthy, big, and cheap. Best meal under $10!
4	Cheap, fast and tasty - and you don't have to settle for two out of three.We had duck noodle soup (I didn't get a taste, my daughter became quite defensive after her first bite), orange chicken and red curry with pumpkin and chicken.  Orange chicken was the bomb!  Tangy, crispy, and light - the breading enhanced the flavor rather than acting as filler.  Red curry was marvelous, with carrots, green pepper and basil.  I've had a lot of Thai curries and this was one of the better ones - light on the coconut milk, nice variety of textures and flavor.  I ordered it medium hot which was right for me and I eat spicy food.  I suspect the hot would be very hot.Only criticisms are that the orange chicken was simply chicken and rice, it would have been nice to see a bit of garnish with carrot.  And they didn't offer condiments, which I suspect we could have gotten if we'd asked, but the food didn't need it.
4	I'm so glad I found this place. I have been to the Thai Style Noodle House in Chinatown and have never been incredibly impressed. At a recent CMYE, I remember Teri C singing this places praises. Me and my fella finally decided to check it out this weekend while we were in the neighborhood. We decided to share a Thai Spicy Noodle and Yellow Curry, both at a Spicy Level 7. Both dishes were delicious. I was more partial to the noodles as I was leaning more towards ordering the Panang Curry since it said it had avocado and I'm a sucker for avocado. I'll order that on my next excursion here. The Yellow Curry was yummy, but I wish it was slightly less sweet. Both had the right amount of spice and were absolutely tasty. I also tried the Thai Tea, which was delightfully refreshing.The staff was friendly and the prices were incredible!!! $3.95 for Sticky Rice with Mango? ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!? I'll be back for that alone. They even have lunch specials on the weekend. Can't get better than that. I'll definitely be back, and soon. Great food at a great price? Can't get better than that.
5	This place is great. We were in the area and my girll suggested we try this place for lunch. As an official fan of Thai food, I was on board. The curry and noodles were perfect. Delicious and spicy. My favorite combination. I will definitely be back and because of their great prices, I can often.
5	I found this restaurant by accident as my favorite Thai restuarants were closed that day. My wife and I are glad we did try this great little restuarant. My wife was very please with the yen ta fo thai soup while I first tried the three flavored salmon dish. I have also tried the yellow curry salmon which has now become my favorite dish there. Price's are extremely good value as well as portion size are perfect. Service is good and it is close too home. I have been to Thailand 7 times and this is the closest to eating a Thai dinner in Thailand in Las Vegas.  It has surpassed Archis as my favorite Thai restaurant.
3	The Ft. Apache location of the Thai Style Noodle House may be the sister to the Chinatown original, but they hail from a different mother.To be sure, the food is almost as good as it's more popular sibling, but that is no surprise, assuming the recipes got passed along at birth. But that's where the similarities end with this western valley reproduction of a well-loved Chinatown eatery (which is sad news for those of us who live in the western valley).In my review of the original, I bemoaned the absence of an accommodating server who could provide the suggestions I crave when on a maiden voyage. It is fair to assume the language barrier played a significant role in this, but the server did do an excellent job with everything else - and I had Yelp to help out with the suggestion portion.The same could not be said for the Ft. Apache location. Not only was there no perceivable language barrier, but, as the only customer during the lunch "rush", the server was presented ample opportunity to showcase his skills. It is here where he failed -monumentally.It's hard to describe the feeling of invisibility, especially if the reader has never experienced such loneliness or felt the overwhelming desire to do a Huckleberry Finn on the fence post. It is especially difficult to imagine being ignored when you are the only customer in the place. Suffice it to say, I nearly had to cry out in anguish EVERY time I needed anything, from placing my order to requesting a refill to procuring the check.Not only did the server not care about my presence in his establishment, he seemed perturbed by the rare interaction he did have with me. To add insult to massive injury, his response to my credit card was (and I quote) "Don't you have cash?" (picture Paris Hilton discovering her rental choices did not include a pink Cadillac Escalade.)I half expected the bill to arrive in some minimum $25 charge, as some restaurants are wont to threaten with their little placards next to the register. I was delighted to see that the server only charged my card the exact amount of my bill - it was, sadly, the highlight of my visit.
5	LOVE this place. But then again I LOVE thai food, sooo flavorful!!! Tried a few other thai restaurants in town nd this one is mos def the place to come back again and again!! Tom Ka soup is one that everyone has to try! The ground pork fried rice hmnnm yumm. Just commenting on the restaurant makes me want it for dinner. The waittress was so attentive. Small but friendly and delicious place!! MUST TRY!!
4	I LOVE this place! It's about $1 - $2 LESS per entree compared to other Thai restaurants. The place is CLEAN and the service is good. Very solid dining experience.
3	Everything was good.  It's a cute little place and the service was nicer than usual from Asian joints.  They had a very creative seasonal item on the special board - pumpkin curry! We gave it a try and it was excellent, the best thing we had.  We also had the spicy eggplant with ground beef, the rad-na noodles with chinese broccoli, the cucmber salad, and the mango with sticky rice.  The rad-na was extremely soupy with a gravy like sauce.  Way too saucy! It was ok.  We wouldn't order it again.  The eggplant had a really thick, almost unchewable skin.  Otherwise, tasty.  The mango with sticky rice was done perfecty; furthermore, it was only $3.95!?!?!? Holy moly! it's usually a $9.00 item.  Our entire bill for appetizer, 3 dishes and dessert was $30.  It won't be THE best Thai food ever but it is tasty, friendly, clean, and cheap.  I'll go back!
5	After going to another Thai Restaurant and paying $12 for Pineapple Fried Rice, I was shocked with how cheap the prices were here. Around $7 for a big box of my favorite fried rice, and it tastes amazing? What more could you possibly ask for?While I'm still a little weary to try other menu items, I did order the Mango Sticky Rice after reading a few good things about it here on yelp -- and it's actually really, really good. I was a little afraid how rice and fruit would mesh together, but it's tasty without being too sweet.Clean looking restaurant, great tasting food, and I love how inexpensive it is.
4	Actually went to this restaurant by accident thinking it was another Thai restaurant that I had researched earlier in the day. So many Thai restaurants on Fort Apache! Think they need to rename the street to Fort Thai. Anyways, the menu had a lot of choices but the one that stuck out for me was the duck curry. Two of my favorites duck and curry it was a no brainer. It was a really good first choice. Duck was tender and curry excellent with plenty of rice. Portion size wise I felt was perfect. Looking forward to going back and trying something else from the menu.
3	Pork jerky...check...Reasonable price...check...Overall a decent meal for a decent price...I've had better..but will definitely come back for the pork jerky...service is good too, so definitely worth trying.
5	Super yummy! Best soups ever.. Fast take out, great to dine in as well. I found my new soup house.
4	What I love about this place is the insane value you get.  Think Archi's in terms of prices as almost everything is in the $6-8 range. We got the Tom Yum Noodle Soup and Roast Duck.  They let you choose between egg noodles, thin noodles, and flat rice noodles.   The bowls are super big and you can add extra noodles for a buck.So next time, we will share a bowl of soup and order an entree. I have yet to try the Chef Specialties (e.g. Panang Salmon) but based on all the reviews, I'm sure they won't dissapoint.
4	Very good and a great value.  Good size portions.  Panang es bueno...
5	Who's guilty of eating at one restaurant too many time?? This guy! I hate it when I get into these kind of cravings. TSNH makes it so easy for you to fall into this trap. Everything is dirt cheap and addictive.I can say that dollar for dollar, this place makes the best Thai style steak salad in America. Is that too bold of a statement? Maybe. But for under $8, nothing can taste more amazing.See, I'm in a good mood so I wrote a 5 star review, but like any restaurant you visit frequently enough, consistency can be their downfall. 4-5 stars based on the chef working there that day.Another thing to point out is the level of spiciness 1-10.  But that's not their fault, it's our fickle diners. That's why I vote for a Universal Spiciness Barometer.  We need Thai style reform. We need to start here.
4	GREAT CURRY! yummy pot stickers and pad thai. like the new location further from the strip.
4	Yummy veggie noodle soup... Veggie spring rolls and shrimp rolls are delicious... Lightly fried... Glad my family enjoyed it and they say that Vegas doesn't have good thai food..
5	Great place for a quick Thai fixin!  Love the friendly staff!  Kudos to Victor, La!  Always smiling, attentive, and friendly.  My fav dish is the "Chicken Noodle Soup with Flat noodles"
4	Now that I moved back to this side of town, I will be coming here a LOT more often. I love the choice of foods and how you can customize your noodle entrees!!Absolutely gotta try the Roasted Duck Noodle soup!! I get this almost every other time I go~ I've never ordered anything here that I didn't like.
4	when I get hungry, this place is the first place that hits on my mind !!!!Two thumbs up!!
4	I usually don't eat at Thai Restaurants because everything is so sweeeeet and I can make it better at home.  But today, I tried TSNH and it was actually very good.  I did have to tell them to hold the sugar on everything.  I ordered Rad-na because I do not like to make this particular dish because it's too much work for me. My daughter had Spicy basil fried rice and (hold the sugar please!!)  it turned out delicious.  We will be going back as this place is pretty tasty!!!
4	Plenty of parking.  The place was clean.  Server was quick, friendly, and helpful.  We ordered silver noodle salad, pad see ew, and spicy string beans.  The food came out quickly.  It was well flavored and the ingredients were fresh.  The pad see ew was not overly sweet.  The total bill was around $21.  It was really good, but did not stand out as "Best I've Ever Had".  I would recommend it if you are in the area.
5	Great food low prices, what more could you ask for?! everything is excellent and authentic. We always get the duck fried rice and chicken pad se-eu.
4	really good food and friendly staff. not to mention cheap prices. no complaints at all.
5	TNH2 Great place,  Great food and Great service nothing else you could ask for!!!        My favorite appetizer is their POT STICKERS and for my main is i alway's get Pan fried noodle's (especially KHUA KAI) and for my desert is Mango sticky rice. This place is second to my home.
4	THREE WORDS: QUANITY FINALLY MEETS QUALITY ( Ok, FOUR words!) lol But FINALLY, i don't have to take a journey down to the east side of Las Vegas to get some authentic and savory thai cuisine. I work nearby and i must say i eat here at least twice a week and even on my days off.The Portions are far generous and the quality definitely exceeds my expectations. Bursting with flavor their dishes will take anyones taste buds for a ride. Anyone LOVE papaya salad LAOS style?? Get it here, is is BOMBDOTCOM. The Rad Nah, pad see ew, and pad thai are also amazing, but one of my favorites is the chef's special pineapple curry.! & the LARGE thai tea which is Gi-normous is only $3.00. Major two thumbs up from me.!
5	Great food and incredible value!I discovered this place via Yelp and was so excited when they opened this location closer to my home!  We frequent this place and I've tried most of the more appealing items on the menu.Must haves:Coconut Water!  Try it!  It's sweet with chunks of coconut right in the glass.  Surprisingly good!Thai style pot stickers...quality deep fried dumplings, but with a kicker.  Three different sauces on top.  Believe it or not, makes all the difference.  Amazing!Grilled beef or pork salad.  Thai style salads are great!  Crunchy and tasty, TSNH makes one of the best.  It's a great combination of meat and veggies and priced well for the size too.Roasted Duck Noodle Soup.  Sweet and plentiful.  You can choose your noodles, so I usually pick the thicker rice noodles and add wontons for extra heartiness.  Sweet broth goes perfectly with the duck and it's filling and good!Tom Yum  Noodle Soup.  My friend's favorite!  Coconut base with a spicy bite.  That sweet and sour flavor is unmistakable and again, big portions, hearty and filling!Khua Kai.  I compare this to it's chinese counterpart of fried rice noodles, but they serve it with a side of duck sauce that makes the thai version just a hair better.  Pretty simple dish, fried with scallions and egg with soy sauce, but when you mix it with the duck sauce...it's a perfect match!Duck fried rice.  The duck adds a moist, more tender meat than your typical chicken, beef and pork.  Add that to a definite thai style of fried rice here, and it's just great fried rice!Mangos with sweet sticky rice.  I grew up on sticky rice and this dessert runs $6 at the thai place down the street!  It's the same thing and always tastes better when it's less expensive!
5	Spicy basil fried rice, oh how I love thee. Yellow curry, spicy papaya salad and yummy spring rolls, are all must have's. And they have a separate vegan menu. Score.
4	I think Thai Style Noodle House might be my newest favorite Thai place! I got to try the original location first and liked it a lot and since this one is a lot closer to home it's definitely a winner. Although my review is a bit biased since I've only had the beef noodle soup as an entree, it was very tasty and definitely a good lunch size portion for $6.50. My friends enjoyed their curry that they had and pad thai as well. I remember trying the chicken satay and crab rangoons which were decent as well. Prices are reasonable and you can't really go wrong with this place. Their thai iced tea and coffee are a bit on the sweet side, like diabetic sweet so just a fair warning.  $15 dollar minimum to use your credit card.  I will be back!
4	I love Thai food. It has flavors that just make me happy. When I had curry here, I was certain this was the best Vegas had to offer.I'm being specific here - the curry. Any other in Vegas is second to this. The avocado and pumpkin specials are absolutely fantastic. The flavors are spot on, and the consistency is thicker than other Thai places - which is a huge plus for me. I'm not sure why so many Thai restaurants serve up water for curry.Anyway, their menu is generally all pretty tasty. One small but pleasant surprise was the option of steamed or fried tofu. Service just fine. I often get the spicy eggplant with basil and the pad see ew. Coconut soup (tom kha) isn't bad, but not the best I've had.One downside lately, though - they are adding massive amounts of sugar to things. Don't like. I don't need diabetes when I enjoy Thai food. Oh, and pro tip: the location in Chinatown is slightly cheaper.
5	Pin Kaow is my all time favorite Thai restaurant and I have always been a bit sketcy about trying different thai places due to recurring disappointment.I noticed this place that is right up the street from my house and was really curious, I read all the reviews and most of them were really good so I decided to try this place for a work week lunch ( not to ruin my date night dinner, if I was disappointed).Well to my surprise, this place was really good. I ordered the Shrimp fried rice #10 (as I always do)I told my coworker that it was almost perfect, my only hold back was that the shrimp were a little on the medium/small side and were a little dried out but the flavors were DELICIOUS and they actually made it a #10 as most places don't think that I can handle it and usually make it around a #6 or #7!!!Keep in mind that the shrimp might have been like that because I did get it to go and they most likely just kept cooking in the to go container.I went home and told my husband about it and we made plans to go that Friday and he would test it out to see if he would like it.Skeptical as I was, he was so surprised at how much he LOVED IT!!!! He oredered the Duck Fried rice #10, we split the Shrimp Pad Se Eww #10 and I again got Shrimp fried rice number #10. This time the shrimp were perfect, I think it makes a difference when you take it to go.The pad se eww was delicious as was the duck fried rice.The next best thing was the Price All 2 dishes came to just over $27.00. I couldn't even believe it. When we order those same 3 dishes at Pin Kaow it comes over $37.00. The duck fried rice is $5.00 more at Pin Kaow. That is what I really like about the place, no matter how popular they get they don't raise their prices and that will keep us coming back over and over again. I would recommend this place over and over again and you better believe that we will be there yet again this Friday night.
5	Since my hubby and I live right around the corner we decided to try this place. We were so glad we did! Before this, we always went to Archi's but since they've open we haven't been anywhere else for Thai food in the Vegas area.They give big portions for great prices. Our favorites here are: beef larb, rad na, pad see ew, spicy egg plant (we can't eat too spicy so we opt for #3 spice) and most def the Thai ice tea. Did I mention they have a huge xl cup available for anyone who loves it? Service is always fast and friendly, even during their busiest hours.
4	Great Thai place that my co-workers found.  Love the place, although it's not really as hot as you think a 10 star would be.  I'd say that it's been toned a little for the customer base.Food is fantastic.   Thai iced tea is awesome too if you need a little something to take the edge off.Price is very reasonable for Thai food and I'd definitely recommend the pumpkin yellow curry!
5	Excellent lunch specials...includes egg roll w/ 2 items for only $7.95. love this place so much!                         I was there the same day that afternoon when this guy below me Rei p. complained about his food and service. I was there to witness everything and all was LIES!!!! He walked in the restaurant with his girlfriend like they own the place, sat themselves without asking the servers where to be seated. ( there is a sign when you walk in saying WAIT TO BE SEATED) Anyway's, this is how the story started. They orderded Pad thai and some sort of Fried rice and the lady server replied to them "ok, and i wll get your drinks aswell then she left. The food came in about 10 mins and that wasnt a bad wait, so they started eating now after half of their meal the guy called the guy server who was standing infront of me making sure if i was okay, so he went to their table and the guy asked "why is my Pad Thai not spicy"? so he answered back by saying "did you tell your server how spicy you want"? and he replied for saying sorry if it wasnt spicy enough and left and came back with the Spicy sauces they have. Now the worst part is this guy left $10 on the table. lets recall what they ordered again. Padthai & Fried rice, i say thats about $15  inc tax and still very cheap compare to any restaurants out there. Im glad to witness this because i love this place  a lot. Rei P they have camera's so i hope they post your face in front of the door so everybody can see how silly looking you are. More power to TSNH 2! xxxx Did you say your high standard? what kind of standards for a 17 yr old kid are you looking for?
4	Been a while since we were in.  Cannot recall the last time, but things have changed.  The menu for one, it's not the same. Now I hear they have a new location.  We made our usual selections, started with a yellow curry.  Chicken, the pieces were tender, the veggies, onion, potato, bell pepper, cut just the right size, and the curry, not to overwhelming with coconut milk, pretty good. I love eggplant and to please me, we ordered the spicy eggplant.  The eggplant is sauteed and is cooked well, there is a little hint of basil and thai chile, so not too spicy.  And finally we got a noodle, I don't remember the name, it was a flat Noodle and came with chicken, egg, green onion and bean sprouts.  it was good.
5	One of the best bangs for the buck in the Las Wegas!  No that's not a typo even though there currently is a red squiggly telling me to fix that.Thai beef salad, if you were a woman, I would compare you to Paris Hilton... you are cheap and delicious!!  Side of fried rice, damn you I can't stop eating you!!!!!I have nothing else for you, this restaurant is the bomb, it has multiple locations, that's how good it is, people just can't have it one spot.
3	Decided to pick up some food from Thai Style since I was close by, and I have already tried the neighboring Thai spots (Panna Thai, Surang...).-Tom Kha:  I ordered the 6 out of 10, but tasted more like an 8.  It was decent, but I liked this soup at Surang more.-Duck Curry: Again, I ordered 6 out of 10, but tasted like an 8...boy were we huffing and puffing.  It was hot.  There weren't many slices of duck in this curry.  It did came with a side of white rice.-Mango sticky rice:  I ordered two of these.  The sticky rice was yummy and it was covered with coconut milk.  It came with half of a "not in season" mango.   But for the price of $3.95 each, it was still a steal.-Thai tea:  quite strong.  I enjoyed the tea very much.It was easy and quick for this to-go order, but there are many other Thai places out there...
4	I'm usually never on this side of town so thanks to my fellow Yelpers for convincing me to try this place out. There were many other great choices I had near the area but so glad I chose this one.Small, cozy little restaurant with a pretty big menu and really great prices. I had the hardest time deciding but I went with the panang chicken and some fried flat noodles.The noodles came out first and I had planned to eat only half of it while the panang was coming out. Well, I've never been good on that portion control thingy and I ended up scarfing the whole plate of noodles down. It came with Thai sweet chili sauce and I added sriracha on top of all that. Very delicious, better than my usual pad see ew. The panang was simple, not filled with bamboo shoots and other veggies. Just a nice thick curry sauce and some red pepper flakes and of course the chicken. Although I don't mind bamboo and veggies I prefer my panang simply made like this. It was a little bit salty which may be bad for most but I loved it cuz I am a sodium freak.I would love to come back and try all the other dishes. The Thai beef noodle soup and grilled meat dishes looked really good. The service was very friendly and attentive.The great thing is that this isn't their only location. Phewww, cuz out of all 3 this was the furthest from my house. But if  this were the only location, I would definetly come back here. Next time, I'll be going to either the Chinatown location or the one in Summerlin.
2	So I was very disappointed with TSNH especially when it had a 4 star rating.  But then again I noticed other having missed opinions about this place also.  I didn't have high expectations going in, since this was Plan B for dinner, so that's probably the only reason why I didn't give them a 1.First off there was something wrong with the service, I don't know, it was the most MEH experience I've ever had.  The lady who served us only smiled once and this was when it was time to pay, as if she was only happy to see money. We all ordered water maybe that added to why we got that service.The food we also received were complete opposites from what I've seen on the pics and what was described in the reviews.  One of the dish we ordered was the yellow curry.  The flavor in the curry was decent but there were very little ingredients.  It was mostly sauce and it was very watery.  Another dish we ordered was the chow mein, the noodles were dry and it was all very salty. And another was the fried chicken, HORRIBLE don't ever order this, it was rubbery and tiny like microwaved chicken.I don't know maybe I went on bad night or they just sensed that this was my Plan B for dinner.  I probably won't be back.
1	I decided not to go here again because of the lady with her service.  Never really pleasant with her every time.  finally had enough when i asked for light ice with my Thai ice tea and she told me that's extra.
3	Food was alright.  I didn't like the mayo sauce they put on the pot stickers. Service was ok. Everyone was very friendly.
4	Delicious, cheap Thai food! I've been to the Chinatown location, but I think this location definitely is less crowded, looks newer/cleaner, and has better service.  It may be that I'm not observant but I don't remember the other location having duck as an option for the noodle dishes.  Pad see ew with duck is definitely better than the beef, chicken, etc options.  The tender slices of roast duck are nicely seasoned.  We also tried some appetizers, the crispy calamari is fried to perfection.  The fried chicken wings were disappointing, fried until they were slightly jerky in texture and no crispy crunch to the outside =(.  But overall, great place with great food....and helps that it's a few doors down from Sweet Addictions! Definitely head over there for an ice cream sandwich dessert!
4	My review is probably closer to a 3.5 than a 4, but since Yelp does not permit 1/2 stars, I did not want to unfairly punish the place by only giving it 3 stars. For a quick and delicious lunch or dinner, this place does it right.  The curry with duck is my fav.
4	I'll be returning. Good noodle dishes, both of us had a great time here. Good service. Good taste. Along with modest prices.
2	This location has better decor and furniture.  However, the food is okay.  Not that delicious.  The portions was a lot smaller than the original location on Wynn st. The service was not great either.  My bf and I ordered Tom Yum Noodle soup, and pad thai noodle.  The tom yum noodle was a lot smaller, and the pad thai was good but it did not have lime (like wtf right?). The thing that killed my experience was the poor service.  The whole time it was very difficult to get a hold of the waiter even though there were a total of three parties at the restaurant.  I would not recommend any one driving that far to this location for thai food.
5	Came to eat here with my kids the other day, I am very critical of my Thai food since I have been to Thailand and have alot of Thai friends who cook authentic meals for me. Heard really good things about this place from coworkers so I figured I would try it out. I drove pretty far to check out this restaurant since I live on the opposite side of town but it was well worth it. It was a Saturday and I was greeted right away which is always a plus, we sat by the fish tank, it kept the kids occupied for awhile. I ordered the papaya salad, tom yum soup, pad see ewe , and bbq pork. The papaya salad was good but a little too sweet for my taste. Tom yum soup was delicious as well as the bbq pork. My kids liked the pad see ewe but to me it was just ok. I would actually only rate the food 3 1/2 stars but the reason it got 5 was the service was great. Our waiter was very nice and attentive, and he was able to comply to all my special requests (since my kids are picky). it usually is hard to find really good service in Asian restaurants because they usually hire people with no personalities and don't speak that much, and I was happy to have a waiter that could not only conversate and make me laugh but more importantly make my kids happy. It always makes life easier when they know how to handle kids and keep them happy so it makes it easier to enjoy my meal. Definitely will come back and bring my friends, hopefully my expectations will proceed me.
4	I like reviewing places for the purpose that they serve, so they don't necessarily need orgasmic, revolutionary food just to garner a full 5 stars.  This place is good and cheap- great for what it is.Interior is what it is too, nothing super splendid but not shabby either.  They have the Thai channel on as you wait for your food, which can be entertaining at times to see the monkey dancing and other oddities.  Service is fine- quick and attentive.But their food..  very, very nice.  There was only one other place in Vegas that had bigger portions of pad thai, but that place closed down.  Whomp whomp.  I've tried plenty of their dishes and it's only when I tasted their praram dish that I had to write a review.  It's a stir fry of vegetables and any choice of meat, topped with peanut sauce.  To my, peanut sauce is like an aphrodisiac, and this dish had PLENTY.  So.  Good.I went here with a friend and I've been returning with more friends ever since.  I'm always hungry late night so an hour or two before they close, if I'm feeling hungry, I'll stop by the place and get something quick.All other Thai places nearby are way too expensive for what they're putting out- if you're craving it and are in the area, you gotta stop by.
3	Went down to american shooters to check out some ARs and got hungry. so drove to thai style noodle to get some food. the inside is pretty small, maybe seats 20 people max. the food here is super cheap!! a bowl of noodles is about = $6 and a thai ice tea is $1.50ish. i ordered potstickers, a bowl of duck meat noodles and a bowl of bbq pork noodles. the potstickers were really crispy but they put too much of the mayo sauce on top so its like eating a potsticker sushi roll. the duck noodle was ok the broth tasted good not too salty a little dark and cloudy though. the worst was the bbq pork noodles. the pork was dry as hell and the broth had NO taste whatsover. overall for the price everything was OK. i would go back and get something else to try.
5	The is food great!  All dishes have a good ratio of meat & vegetables.  If you're new to this restaurant, they do give great suggestions.  For the vegetarians out there, they have a vegetarian menu that they don't normally present unless you request it.  I absolutely love the vegetarian items.  Must haves are tofu larb and fresh ginger with steamed tofu.  Be sure to finish off with mango sticky rice.
5	Five stars because I didn't even leave a noodle on my plate.  It was that good.  Gonna keep this review short and simple.  Excellent Thai food for cheaper than most other places in town.  For my first time, I tried the Pad Thai - my food mood was yelling at me to eat Pad Thai.  It was wonderful and the perfect combination of ingredients and spice.  I agree with some other reviewers that I wish there were a Thai Style Noodle House in Henderson!  Definitely recommend this place!
4	I have no clue why there are so many Thai restaurants on such a short stretch of Fort Apache, though I'm not complaining.I've only been here once, but I would come back again. The service was really quick and friendly. I ordered the beef pad thai from the regular menu since it isn't on the lunch menu. It was less than $7 for the pad thai and the serving size was generous. If you prefer more main dish at the expense of not getting the usual side items that come with a lunch menu order, then come here.One negative is that they only take debit/credit on orders over $10. As a person that rarely carries cash and likes to track all my spending via my credit card, I definitely dislike that company policy.
4	This was my first time coming to this restaurant. It's located in the same plaza as Sweet Addictions, right across from iHOP. Came here because a friend wanted to try it out, overall experience wasn't that bad at all. We decided to do it family style and get three dishes that we would all share. First up was the Papaya Salad, I've never had it before this, but it was good. Nothing too notable, papaya, carrots, peppers, tomato, and cabbage with a sauce that I can't really describe the taste (gotta try it again). I think we ordered a 6 as far as the spicy level goes, it wasn't overly spicy but you can definitely tell it was spicy. I think I was expecting something different as far as how spicy this was going to be, so it caught me a little off guard. We got a Green Curry Fried Rice with chicken, also level 6 spicy. This was pretty good, none of us have had it before so we weren't sure what to expect, but it's literally the green curry flavoring cooked into their fried rice. It wasn't overly powering, but you can definitely taste the green curry along with our choice level of spiciness. It contained the chicken, green bean, bean sprout, and carrots, don't recall if there was anything else in it. It wasn't dry at all, which was good, they didn't over cook it! And lastly we got the Choo Chee Salmon, which none of us have had but heard good things about. So this was the best thing out of all the dishes we ordered. I really enjoyed the sauce, which was semi sweet. I'll need to try it a few more times before I can figure out what was in it, but it was good and I will definitely be ordering this again when I go back! The salmon was moist and cooked very well. My friends and I all enjoyed it and actually wanted more, though we were pretty stuffed by the end.The cost overall between three people was $10 each including tip, so it wasn't bad at all. We were all satisfied at the end.
4	I agree with one reviewer here, there has been a bunch of Thai restaurants popping up all over Ft. Apache lately and I've tried most of them and so far my favorite is still Archie's, UNTIL I found this place!I called and ordered take out and the food is ready in 15 minutes.Everything was delicious and just the right amount of spice.I usually order a 2 spice level and most of the time it will be way too hot but not this place, they got it just right.I ordered:SIlver Noodle Salad, Thai Fried Rice with Chicken, Thai Spice Noodle with Beef, and Yellow Curry and my total was $29! It's the cheapest Thai restaurant around here and the food is delicious and very generous portions, what more can you ask for?
5	Pad see eww and green curry fried rice are great! I can substitute my crave for Sanam Luang (in SoCal) with food from Thai Style Noodle House!
2	This was my first visit to this location for dinner on a Friday night.  They were located on S Ft Apache Rd/near W Hacienda Ave in Las Vegas.  I have been to the location in Chinatown for lunch.My friend ordered the Red Pumpkin Curry.  The pumpkin looked like it had been browned or baked and then added to the curry.  The flavor was good.  This entree came out about 5 minutes before my entree.I ordered the BBQ Pork Rice Plate which I would usually order in a Vietnamese restaurant.  It was brought out with a clear soup at the same time.  The soup could have at least been brought out with my friend's entree so I had something to eat while I was waiting for my food.  The BBQ Pork was thrown on top a pile of rice.  There was no pretty cucumber and carrot garnish.  The rice was not arranged in an appealing shape.  I'm a very visual person and I like to have food that looks good.The service was almost non-existant.  I did not get a refill of water nor did the server ask if we needed anything after she brought me the Spicy Tray.I don't know if I would go back.
5	I have eaten here several times, and I tend to always get their Cashew Chicken.  My boyfriend tries different things and everything is always delicious.  The prices are extremely affordable, and the food is always so fresh.  The staff are very friendly, and we love coming to this restaurant or ordering pickup.  You can get 2 entrees plus an appetizer for about $20.  Can't beat that.  We've tried the other Thai places along Ft. Apache, and this one is our favorite!
4	I haven't had Thai Style Noodle House in quite some time, but after a great day off with one of my best friend's we decided we were in the mood for Thai food. We initially decided to head to Archi's, but ended up at Thai Style last minute. Prices are always great here and service is good too. Since the weather is cold and I've been battling a cold, spicy was what I was craving. I went with the spicy Thai noodles and asked for a level 6 spice level. Everything was just as good as I remember and the spice level was right on mark. I didn't go too spicy since noodles tend to absorb the heat a little more than other Thai dishes. Everything was great and it made me wonder why I don't come here more often. Definitely great prices and great food in the Southwest area.
5	First things first. If you are looking for lunch specials or any type of specials...you're not gonna find any here. Same menu as lunch versus dinner. Prices weren't too bad. $6.95 for a chicken pad thai plate. Couple bucks more if you want shrimp instead of chicken.My boyfriend and I both got pad thai. Sorry...I'm original like that. I just can't go to a thai restaurant and NOT get pad thai. I would LOVE to try something different...but I could just never seem to do it.I like spicy foods. Side note: not sure if everyone is aware of this, but on a scale of 1-10, 1 being the LEAST spicy and 10 being the MOST. Not sure if its different in other thai restaurants but I personally never knew that. Here I've been getting spicy level 4 thinking #1 was considered the MOST spicy. -__- oh geez. Sooooo....I ended up getting a level 8 spiciness. Getting back to the food, I really loved this place. My pad thai came out pippin' hot and the spiciness was on point. Definitely the kind of spice I was expecting. It has a kick to it without having to sip on water every 30 seconds. This is definitely a place I'll come back to if I'm ever in this part of town.
5	All 5 stars here. Food taste like home, the prices are so cheap, they have great desserts and I'm never disappointed when I go back - so it's consistent.
5	I have been to both the Spring Valley and Chinatown location. Each time I have been I receive consistent good quality service and food. They use fresh ingredients. I am a vegetarian so I love that they offer all dishes as vegetarian. They are one of the few, so many places in Chinatown only have one or two vegetarian options. I strongly recommend the spicy green bean (because it is already spicy no need to go more than 3 stars on the heat) Also, the Tom Kha soup is delicious. This place could be my new fast-food go to.
4	Great food and flavors with authenticity...To top it off great prices. My fav's are lard-na, pad thai, beef noodle soup. Great place to satisfy your cravings for Thai food.
5	Love the place, always quick food preparation and great prices. Have come here many times and will definitely come again!
5	Sooooooo Dang good. Very fresh and fast, I will be back next time I am in Vegas
3	This restraint is one of the few that I like! My husband and I always come here for Thai food! The service is ok....bc I keep seeing new waitress every time I go there.  I liked the waitress that was there before but I never got to ask her name so....Another thing is that they've made the salad too spicy when I asked for mild and this happened few times now. I hope they will get that right next time.  We still like the food that we will keep coming here:)
4	Tasty fish cakes, yummy curry, very reasonable pricing. The rad nar is lacking in the flavor department -needs garlic- and they tend to skimp on the coconut milk in the curry. It's a mystery as to why the noodle soups get cold so quick when eating there. Possibly the wide shallow dishes that are used for soup dishes. Papaya salad compliments any dish, especially meat dishes. Generous portions leave diners satisfied and for an additional charge; brown rice instead of white rice makes a great healthy choice. This is a delicious destination for foodies on a budget.
4	After many harrowing experiences with Thai restaurants recently, it is good to return to a solid, familiar place. They have all the Thai classics and then some, with some nice duck and seafood dishes that aren't on the menu at other places. Their duck dishes are a bit too rich to eat alone, but are so satisfying at the right amounts. The seafood dishes are fresh and speak much to the quality of the fish. There's a bit of an issue with spiciness, though - this is one place that could stand to develop a better spice scale, especially since they excel in other flavor categories as well.The servers here are friendly and very efficient. They seem happy, which makes the whole establishment seem happy, which makes even the busy nights just more bustling than hectic. Again, a solid, familiar place for just good Thai food.
5	Cheap prices.great food..noodle dishes are what you order here
5	Seriously the greatest place to get Thai food in Vegas. Their soups are the amazing they have so many choices and you get a huge bowl! Tom Kha is best one. Thai iced tea delicious too. Best bang for your buck.
4	I really liked this place. The food was good, and the portion sizes of food given and prices were reasonable. Also, good variety of choices on menu. I'd say try it out.
3	The food is great !! Service sucks, they sit you down, get your drinks and then forget about you. Tip order take out...food is ready when they say it is.
3	This a great spot for very reasonable prices and good sized portions. I had the pumpkin chicken curry which was delicate and flavored well and really good. My hubby had the spicy basil beef with wide pan fried noodles, which was good, but not as flavorful as mine. We split an order of chicken satay, which we both thought was over-seasoned and the peanut sauce lacking in flavor. I think we'll try again as the curry was so delicious. We asked for it spicy... a 7 of  10 for me i thought it was more of a 5... so kind of americanized. We thought it really worked if you were in the mood for thai, in a hurry and cheap eats.
1	We went to the restaurant around 10pm and they will close in 30mins. The lady host with short hair look like she get mad with us:( No one come to ask about what we wanna drink!! They were sitting/texting near our table... I always come to Noodle House #1 but thought ta try this location (Noodle House #2)... waste of time n gas.  We drove across to try their food but they acted like they don't want customer.
4	We went to noodle house 2 on ft. apache and trop and it was the best thai we have had in vegas. We normally go to arayna or sweet basil as we look for dining options on the west side / summerlin area. Service was great. Host was great. Atmosphere was nicely decorated with good luck elephants. I asked to have us brought best dishes. We received the house special flat noodle with secret tangy sauce. I reccomend. And then the avocado pantang. Beat curry in vegas. Avocado was perfectly ripe and the shrimp went terrific with it. Make sure to order a thai coffee. Delicious with meal or just to lounge about.
5	I had gone in today for lunch and looked at their menu for their lunch specials. Not sure why they didn't just give the lunch special menu like they do at their 3rd location in Summerlin.When you go for lunch be sure to ask for the lunch special menu. So much food! They currently have a 5.99 1 item combo with soup, rice and fried item. Add an additional item if you're hungry for 7.99. Their lunch menu encompasses a lot of choices from spicy eggplant to various curries. Mind you they don't do pad thai for the lunch special. But you won't miss it with all the other items they offer. And the prices can't be beat.
1	My Wife and I found this place after moving to Las Vegas a year ago from Orange County, California. We were soooo excited and happy that we found a Great Thai Food place with Great tasting and with consistency since we are absolute die hard fan of Thai and Chinese food. But on the third visit we placed order by phone for pick up. Upon arriving home and looking at dish we ordered (Mongolian Beef was one), food did not look anything close or taste anything close to Mongolian Beef which we had for soo many times. White color cooked meat in a runny watery beige liquid. Being one of die-hard fan of this dish and having it for past 25+ years I never seen a Mongolian Beef looking like this. Total disappointment. Today 8/28 my wife and I figured to give them one more chance. What a Mistake that was. the best part of the lunch was cold can of coke. Pineapple Curry which I ordered was sooo watery. My wife's food had totally different color (Same Dishes we both orders the first 2 visit) and tasted completely different. When asked why the food look  and taste so much different they could not give us an straight answer. Appears they use the earlier customers left over and mix few stuff to serve the new customers order. That seems the only explanation that we can come up with if the owner claims everything in the restaurant is the same as before. Bottom line going to this place is like rolling the dice. if you are lucky you end up with good food otherwise you are in for an experience which turns you off from any Thai food.
5	I love the place simply because the food is very good for the price, its just that simple, not to mention Victor is my BOIIII...
5	I like this location than the other one on Spring Mountain, not just because its nicer but the staff is way more friendly. I love the pad see yew (idk if I spelled it right haha) with flat noodles. Everything is less than $10 which makes my wallet happy. I also like the beef noodle soup & the fried rice. Can't beat the prices here for delicious Thai food.
5	I'm so glad we came here! Food was awesome!!! We ordered the Thai fried rice,  wonton soup and the pad Thai ; all dishes were great. Clean flavors, fresh and perfectly seasoned! Service was good too. The young girl who helped us was very nice, same with the young guy. The older lady, maybe the manager or owner, not as friendly but I think maybe she is just too focused in the business. Prices are ridiculously low, less than $7 for most dishes. Highly recommend it !
1	Haven't gone here in a long time and I have to say things haven't changed. I decided to see if it had gotten any better, I am referring to the service. it doesn't matter who you get they are all equally terrible and rude. This will be my very last visit here since nothing will ever change. I ordered a Thai Chai tea with milk (cold version). The lady delivers my drink and I tasted it and it was pure sugar you couldn't taste anything else but sugar! On prior occasions this was not the case! I asked her to take it back and add more milk less Thai tea. So she brings it back but no change at all even after adding more milk. So after taking one sip I told her I could not drink it and she actually had the $&@;! to tell me not to order it again that it would always be like that. She was lecturing me like a child and for the sake of not making a usual scene like I would if I was alone. This time I was quiet and didn't talk back. So it's safe to say if you like crappy service and being lectured just go here!
3	This place has been one of my favorites around town for my Thai cravings but unfortunately, it has consistently gotten worse with time. Why?- My favorite dish, panang curry with avocado and salmon, distinctly tastes like thawed and old salmon.- Another favorite dish, pad see ew, has been oversweetened beyond anything edible. It is so caramelized and diabetic, it's almost a dessert.- Service is just barely enough to be service.- Prices at this location, specifically, are just a bit more expensive than the Chinatown location.Sucks.
4	Went here for a late dinner after my son's soccer game and we were not disappointed. Going into a Thai restaurant I always tell myself, "The service is going to be bad, but that's okay.. I am here for the food" and that's exactly how this restaurant was. Great food, bad service. My wife and I ordered a well received yelp favorite here, the Pineapple Fried Rice, which was FANTASTIC! Throughout the fried rice were cashews and pineapple chunks which added such a distinctive brightness to the rice. The dish was flawless. I would go here again and again just for that rice alone.We also ordered the Sliced Beef and Vermicelli Noodle Soup with Bok Choy. This was a perfect entree for this cold fall night. It warmed you right up with subtle flavors of cilantro and bean sprouts in a delicious beef broth. The beef came out at a perfect temp and was very tender. They definitely don't skimp out of flavors and ingredients. My family and I will def be back soon to enjoy another warm winter favorite!
4	Was so hungry after work, thank goodness they were still open.  I ordered the beef pad see ew, and the pork fried rice. Loved them both.  Lots of beef tender noodles and just the right spices.  The fried rice was great , since I have been craving thai fried rice oppose to chinese fried rice. Great service and great food.  Will be going back for more.
4	The broth and meat was delicious. The only problem I had was a surplus of bean sprouts and not enough noodles. Everything else was amazing!
5	Love this place, been going there since they opened.. Cheap and the food tastes good. Love the spicy basil chicken, spicy string beans, and the yellow curry.
4	Probably one of my favorite new finds in this city.I was craving noodles one night so I yelped for good noodles in this city for vegetarians. This place popped up. Originally I tried the Chinatown location and loved it so last night I went to this location. It was just as good as the one in Chinatown. I liked the service better at this one.I ordered the Pad Thai and when she asked what meat I would like I told her I don't eat meat so she asked if I wanted tofu. It was not offered on the menu so I was pleasantly surprised. It's always nice to be offered different options in proteins instead of just settling for no protein at all. My boyfriend ordered the sliced beef noodle soup with vermicelli. He loved it. He said it was probably one of best soups he's had. The soup had a dark rich colored broth that looked and smelled really good. We'll be coming here more often!
4	Thai house 2 has been my go to place for fast inexpensive Thai food. It's less crowded than the one on Spring Mt., both are great and customer service is the only thing that's inconsistent. But overall food is always good. We've tried everything on their menu and all was good.
5	My go to place for authentic and delicious Thai food! This place is so good! I used to go to Archi's for thai food but after discovering Thai Style Noodle House, I have not stepped foot in the former. It's also a plus that this place is right next to my house. There is another Thai Style Noodle House location in chinatown but this one is about a 5-7 minute drive from my house. The portions are pretty generous for Thai food. If you eat a lot of Thai food, you'll know that the servings area always tiny. This place is the total opposite. The plates are always full and very affordable. ~$50 could feed my whole family (4) with left overs. Another reason I love this place is because it's very family oriented. Everyone here is really nice and they're always coming around to make sure everything is alright even though it's always packed when I go. It's nice to see how attentive they are, especially since their staff is very small.My favorite dish here is the Pad See Eu with beef. MMM. I am salivating just thinking about it! A second favorite is the spicy eggplant with tofu. I usually get the spice level at a medium so it's not too overpowering. The duck fried rice is a good option too! Oh and don't forget the squid salad, potstickers, and last but not least... the mango sticky rice! It is absolutely AMAZING!! I could go on and on about the different food items that I love here. The only thing i wasn't a fan of here was their thai iced coffee and thai iced tea. They were good but a little too sweet for my taste. Not a big deal though. I can't wait to come back here for a feast!Oh yeah, they also do delivery but I believe it's only within a 3 mile radius.
5	Basil Fried Rice. Get it. It's my favorite thing on the menu because it's freaking delicious. I get take out and have never dined in so I'm not too familiar with their customer service, but as far as I can tell it coincides with other Asian restaurants if you know what I mean. last time I finally tried their soups and not too shabby! I'd highly recommend their soups. easy substitute for Pho for those days when you're craving something hot and delicious and possibly help with your hangover or get over a cold.
5	Amazing food. I got the Beef Noodle Soup and it was delicious. I would definitely come back to this place and my gf is thai and she also liked it.
5	I just ordered to go from this place last night!! Amazing!!!! I love Thai food!!! The beef combination noodle soup was so good!! Even the flavoring of the broth had me drinking any left over soup. I also ordered the Papaya salad . Of course also amazing !! Best Papaya salad I've had. If you choose to dine in it is a small cozy place . Has the ma and pa shop vibe. The ppl that work there are super friendly too!! Must try!!
2	We waited about 25 minutes to put in our drink order, then we both had straw paper in our water. The pad thai had very little flavor and the noodles were soggy. However the glass noodle soup was decent probably some of the top 10 noodle soups I've ever had. Probably wont be back.
4	I have ordered delivery from this place on a number of occasions.  To be fair, I have never been inside the restaurant itself so I cannot meaningfully comment on restaurant atmosphere etc.  To that extent, I cannot give the review more than a four and speak accurately.  Delivery is very timely and the people are friendly over the telephone.  Our order was well packaged and came to the house hot and fresh.I have tried number of the dishes here and never been disappointed.  The drunken noodles with seafood combination is a spicy and savory dish that hits the spot.  I am a big fan of the curries here.  The red curry with seafood combination and the duck curry are excellent as well.  The soups are very delicious and sooth the body well if one is feeling sick or under the weather.  The spice level is appropriate as to what we have requested.  This has consistently been a good delivery food experience.I look forward to visiting the restaurant in person soon.
1	they're overly charged for delivery even when ur really close to the restaurant...
5	BEST noodles I've ever had! This is my new go-to place for my noodle cravings! And super friendly staff!
3	1. Worker/service: the lady is stubborn..2. Food mediocre. Not good for diabetic and people with high blood pressure. Too spicy, oily, sticky, too much bean sprout, too much shrimps, too much fish cakes.., lack of meat and noodles.3. Scary horror Thai zombies soap opera film aired on TV and it is not Halloween.4. Space: Cramp... crowded tiny space.. 5. Wait time: oke.
1	I went here twice in a row in two days for dinner and both times I broke out in hives on my face, hands and chest. This is the only thing I've done the same the past two days. I had vegetarian panang curry and vegetarian egg rolls both times. This is enough for me to never eat here again (I am a customer who has come back 10+ times,) but after witnessing multiple health code violations on top of this, I will never come back. The health code violations are: 1) eating and not washing hands before serving food, 2) putting fingers and/or thumbs inside of a serving dish 3) not wearing proper hair nets when preparing or serving food (I have found hairs in my food or the food of my friends while eating here)It seems like this place is going downhill fast. DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Great place, great food.  Can make anything Vegan but you have to tell them.  They use a special button on cpu that says vegan.  I like that.  Means no fish sauce and egg.  Very nice, comfortable dining area.  Fast and friendly.
5	I love this joint! Food feels like a warm hug on a cold winter's night. Always comforting to know they are just around the corner when I am craving the noodle house. I always order the chicken noodle soup with flat noodles.
4	Probably my favorite go-to place for Thai food. Prices are very reasonable, the food is delicious, and they are very nice. My favorite dish there is the panang curry. This place is missing a star only because of my first time going there. But after giving them another chance, I love the place from there on. I was never served at all on my first visit. Waited to order for 20 minutes, even got there attention, but they ignored us and pretended that they didn't hear me.But like I said that's all forgiven, everytime I get Thai food, I go here!
5	This place is the best. Their Tia tea is good and so is there food only problem is that they don't have " fresh Spring rolls".
2	Absolutely love this place! My only thing I ever order is the Duck Fried rice with no pineapple or tomatoes. Service takes a little while to come out and customer service could use a LOT of work but food is delicious no doubt! My first time I tried this place the 2 younger staff assisting had an attitude and ignored my table for the longest time and when I needed something I would ALWAYS have to flag them down. But when the owners/managers(or what they seem to be) are around they're always asking how I am doing. Esp the older asian lady who is there day in and day out :)
5	I decided to take my sister here as she suggested Thai food and I did not want to go down to Chinatown or even near there.  We were pleasantly surprised.  I couldn't believe the pricing for the amount of food we got.  The staff was very attentive.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant and will be going back.
5	This place should be on the top Thai Restaurants in Las Vegas. Their food tastes amazing compared to others. This is our new favorite place to eat Thai food. Best Pad Thai and Penang Curry.
4	Red Curry with Duck is delicious!
4	I seriously don't want to be rude to people but I will be. Stop giving local businesses bad reviews for stupid reasons. Most of the food here is under 10 dollars. Nowadays a lot of fast food cost as much. You can eat a generous amount of food for 7 dollars, that's amazingYes the wait can be long sometimes but they are actually cooking your food fresh so be patient. I have tried yellow and red curry so far and they were both good. Also crab fried rice was awesome. Papaya salad is good too. I recommend this place. It is smaller and it is cramped but overall the quality of food is good and the prices are cheap. Why would anyone go to Panda express or some crappy place when you have this establishment close by? I think it is better than a lot of Thai places nearby
4	We come here all the time mostly because it's right by the house and it's reasonably priced! Staff is so nice and food is served so quickly! Our favorites are beef nam tok, pineapple shrimp curry, panang, papaya salad and tom yum.
3	You get what you pay for. If you're looking for a cheap Thai Spot here you go! Bright side is they offer XL Thai Tea for $3.
5	Always fast service and good food ! I love this place . I come here maybe 4 times a month and the ladies here always friendly. The lemonade is to die for. Try all there chicken rice dishes of my godddd delicious . I'm eating some orange chicken as I'm trying this !!!! I feel like Imma food coma. That's how good this place is every time I leave. The nose you'll spend for 2 is like 20 bux. Try it out, won't be dissappointed
3	My boyfriend placed 2 orders of fried calamari to go, and when we got home I was so upset. What we got today in two boxes equals the amount of food we were served with one order the previous week. So disappionting!  There're only probably 10 pieces in each box :(
4	Came here based on it's Yelp score. We were at Lowes and wanted something cheap and Thai. We were not let down. Had the green salad (best peanut dressing) pad Thai and panang curry. All delicious! And all for only $23. Don't live near here but will be back! Service is adequate but not stellar, but who cares when the food is delicious!
5	Wish I lived closer. Gotta say this place has my new favorite potstickers! A must have. Also ordered the Silver noodles with chicken and shrimps (yes the menu said shrimps...love the Asians ) asked for medium spicy and was perfect toy liking. A busy little place at lunch time midweek, yet was still served quickly. Great job guys!
5	This is my absolute favorite Thai restaurant in the southwest area. [CUISINE]Khua Kai: My current favorite item on the menu. If you've never had it before its like a seared noodle dish with egg, served with a Thai sweet chili sauce. LOVE IT! Three Companion: The pork had a charred, barbecue flavor, it was a little chewy, but it's pork.Panang Avocado Curry: This used to be my favorite menu item, (I've ordered this about 20 times) but sadly something has changed either with the quality of the Salmon or the preparation of it. I would not recommend ordering it. The salmon is consistently bad quality or dry tasting.  I asked and they said there was no change. Tried it three more times before finally giving up on it.[DECOR]I love the decor here. It's a very small cozy restaurant, there is this amazing faux tin ceiling which is my favorite thing about the decor here. I find myself looking up. I like that they pay Thai television here too. The walls have are half stone. Very beautiful in a casual environment.[PRICE]Very good pricing. Main dishes are $7-$9 and very filing. :)[SERVICE]Everyone is very sweet and friendly here :)
4	My go-to Thai pick-up place! Always delicious and super cheap. We usually go with the Pad Thai spicy 4 extra vegetables with chicken and less oil, papaya salad spicy 3 (spicy..!!), sticky rice, and an order of spring rolls. It's always $22 and a ton of food. Perfect for dinner for 2 ;)
5	By far my favorite Thai place! I would eat here once a week if I could! Service isn't the best but I don't mind I go there for the food!
1	Went here because of the reviews.  Normally go to David Wongs whenever I crave fried rice.  But since he went on vacation, I needed to find an alternative.Went here with friends, knowing up front that service was subpar, but also expected the food to make up for it.  The consensus between friends is that this place deserves 1 star because the food doesn't come anywhere close to our favorite spot.  And the service was lack luster.  I encourage anyone who thinks this place is the bomb, give David Wong's 1 chance.  You will thank me later.
2	Let me start by saying I was a fan.I have been to both locations. I stopped going to the other because of sanitary reasons. I saw the dude cooking on the wok sneeze in to his hand, then continue cooking. I asked the waitress and she said, "no he did not" ... OK ... gross.Then here ... previously, cheap and decent Thai food.Until this week. Ordered food ... it came, the pot sticklers which are usually excellent were dripping grease and covered/swimming in sauce. Not a good start. The soup and salad came, and so did a little friend walking across the floor.  Actually not so little. A roach in the middle of the dining room. When I went to the manager/cashier about it, she said they have no problems - they spray all the time. I said then what about the roach in the middle of the restaurant, she said it must have come from outside. (After leaving the business, not one roach, anywhere.) I find this very hard to believe when on previous experience I had health concerns with their other location - in fact, I just learned the other location was temporarily closed by the Southern Nevada Health District last month. I think it is time for an inspection of this location as well.For what it is worth, I offered to pay, I kept asking how much do I owe you - I kept asking, again, kept asking - yet she was on a very long conversation in Thai (I assume with an owner) about the roach issue. She did not make me pay, which in all honesty is what should have been offered in the beginning, since we did not eat and we were interrupted by pests.
3	Food is Excellent but the service is NOT! The gentleman taking the food orders acted like we were disturbing him.. Tried to give him the benefit of the doubt but this is the 3rd time we go and he's always beind rude and in a rush.
5	My boyfriend and I always get chicken fried rice with no veggies and a plate of orange chicken over rice. One time, we ordered chicken fried rice to go and the restaurant gave us some orange chicken on top. It really shows this restaurant cares about us and their other customers. Always a good time when we go there!
4	We had a very nice dinner last night with my family. What I like about their food is it's not oily/greasy compared to other Thai resto. I gave it 4stars because 1st-high chair's strap is broken. I asked for another one but the server said all are broken. 2nd-plates & utensils need some upgrade. But other than those, their food is worth coming back for.
5	Clean, delicious food, shared crab fried rice, I had chicken noodle soup, my wife had the beef soup, both were really good lots of meat and noodles, very reasonable price for the amount of food and the quality of it. Great service. We will be back!
5	My now favorite thai place.. I really enjoy there thai spicy basil & there egg drop soup
5	The duck fried rice is always the bomb. Combination beef noodle was great!! No pics to post cause we devoured it already... Lol
4	Good spot but their stuff is SPICY! I got the Tom Yum noodle soup, medium spicy and I was pretty much blowing my nose the entire time. I enjoy spicy but I don't want to drown in my own snot. Definitely getting mild next time.
2	This place was a bust. If you have ever been to David's restaurant pan Asian you will leave here disappointed. The food was not as nearly as tasteful as pan Asian. I ate pad se ew and bit into a bone in my chicken. The sauces were watered down and food was mediocre. Unlikely will be returning. I'll pay a little more for amazing food elsewhere.
4	Whoa, how have I not reviewed this place?  I've checked in like 7 times!  Thai Style Noodle House 2 is pretty decent Thai food and pretty decent prices.  It's not my favorite Thai place in Las Vegas, but that doesn't stop me from frequenting this place.Their curry selection is pretty cool.  They've got avocados and pumpkin in their curries, which reminds me of Pan Asia.  I've also sampled the pad thai and a yummy noodle dish that has chicken, tofu, shrimp, squid, and just a bit of everything in it.  Their garlic pork is very flavorful, and their spice levels are right on point.  I kept hearing about this beef jerky that they have, but I didn't like it.  Really tough and burnt.The service is quick and friendly.  I definitely recommend this place to my Yelp friends!
5	My favorite location for the Thai style noodle house establishment. The food is always good for the price. The servers are usually polite and seem happy when my wife and I walk in. At first, I didn't like their rad na, but now I really like it! I also order the 3 companion and my wife always orders the khua khai.
5	Been coming here a while and I'm always treated nicely by all the workers. They're always smiling no matter what. Never had a bad service.
5	My go-to spot for Thai soups. I have enjoyed everything I have ordered.
4	The roomie and I have ordered from here a few times. Delivery was quick, prices good and the food is tasty.
4	Always a favorite with my family. Food is always good. My favorite dish is the Pad thai tofu, my daughter loves the calamari dish and my son loves the orange chicken.  Recommend all three dishes. I give it a thumbs up!!
5	Has become our favorite place! They deliver!!! Papaya salad and pot stickers are so amazing! I love the shrimp curry and pineapple fried rice! Always perfect and staff super friendly!
4	I'm from LA and in LA we go to Thai restaurants depending on the type of dishes we're in the mood for. Thai Noodle House has GREAT soup noodle dishes and that's my go to place when I'm craving Tom Yum Noodle Soup and Spicy Beef Soup Noodles. Their Rhad-Na noodles are the best there.. reminds me of my mom's cooking back home. Their Pad Thai is so-so and they add carrots to a lot of their dishes which I think is a little weird. Overall, the prices are great, the portions are huge, and most dishes taste great!
4	Good food good service. May need to fix the table. Otherwise everything was great. I would recommend this place for a quick dinner with great price
4	I would give it 4 and 1/2 stars as this place is our friends' favorite place for noodles.  It is small but clean.  We ordered chicken satay for appetizer, tasty and sliced beef flat noodles with bok choy, barbecue pork wonton rice noodle soup, seafood crispy noodle with wonton with gravy, and gold/silver noodle with chicken and shrimp.  All had big portions except for the gold/silver noodle which was smaller than before.  Prices are reasonable for what you get!
3	Great food with great time management. I come here kind of often but this time, the service was S H I T. The neglected and I find it very unprofessional when the employees are eating right in front of us.It's a bit small but most of the time the place is vacantI ordered the bbq Chicken over fried rice and it is one of my fav dish on the menu. It's delicious with the sauce!! ($6.95)Rating- 8.9Also I got the Panang curry spicy 5. I wish there was more green peppers and meat rather than sauce. It's enough to fill one to two people. ($6.95)Rating- 7.7Definitely give this plAce a try if you're into thai food :)
4	Missing my Thai noodle joint in LA. If you're ever around the area- hit up Pa Ord Noodle in E. Hollywood... The BEST soups.... So good, after I ate the meat and noodles; I wanted to drink the bowl of soup! That broth is good.....With that high expectation.... Thai Style Noodle House didn't meet it. Don't get me wrong TSNH is good! But it's not Pa Ord.TSNH's portion is very generous (love it!),  the decor is clean, service is friendly and they also deliver within a 3 mile radius.Overall 3.5 stars, good food, good service, and good prices- I'll go for another round.
1	Horrible food. The server didnt even give us plates and forks. The duck fried rice is so disgusting.  It's so chewy and greasy. Worst food ive ever tasted.
3	Good for quick and easy but super inconsistent. I've been here about 5 times and Sometimes it's great and sometimes it's just meh. Medium can be crazy spicy and hot can be mild.. It's all over the place.
3	I was starving after working for a bunch of hours at work. I was really craving  Asian food and my friend mentioned that he was getting Thai food. I rushed to Archie's since I LOVE their basil fried rice. It's amazing, but sadly they were closed. There are a bunch of Thai restaurants in this area, but this was the only name I remembered, so I decided to try it. I ordered Pork Pad Thai and Chicken fried rice. I ordered take out and my food came out pretty quickly. The service wasn't that great. Typically whenever I order to go, other places always offer me water, this place did not. They also did not offer me a place to sit. I just sat down. Maybe I just have different expectations? Their Pad Thai was weird. It was very dark and kind of clumpy. It wasn't horrible, but not the best I've ever had. My friend had Thai food from Weera Thai, and their Pad Thai was a lot lighter. I normally don't order Pad Thai, but I was starving and for some strange reason I wanted Pad Thai. The fried rice was pretty good. It just wasn't the same as I was looking for. I ordered a spice level of 7/10, and none of the dishes were spicy at all. I was worried that 7 would be too spicy, but it wasn't spicy at all! It was kind of disappointing, actually.
4	I can't believe I haven't left a review for TSNH2! I've been to many of the Thai places around this area and always end up back here. It's inexpensive, open late, less than a 5 minute drive away from my house, and they've got some key menu items that keep me coming back.Like several other Asian joints, the service is probably not what you'd expect. Once in a while, they'll forget to give you a napkin or have to go back to grab your utensils and there might even be some miscommunication, but the food is well worth it.Not a huge fan of their pad thai, but I love their duck fried rice and pretty much any of the curries. The portions are generous and the food doesn't take very long either. Cheap Thai cuisine that tastes good within 5 minutes of my home... Uhm. What else is there to say?
3	Price is good, but service is not.  Needs more server during lunch/ dinner time.  And we don't need a male server with sagging pants.
3	Compare with another Thai Style Noodle House, which is right next to my house. The food at this one is just okay, I prefer their her one better. And when we enter there's a long line waiting. We waited for 20 minutes and finally made tout seat. The waitresses are good and bad depending on who's the server, we have 3 ladies serving us so the service is not consistent. I'd rather go to the one near my house than this one for sure.
4	Yellow curry and coconut juice was amazing! We'll be back very soon. Our server was kinda mean but the food made up for it!
5	Fantastic. The food was great. We were looking for something that wasn't China a No-No. We found the right spot. Orange chicken was perfectly crisp. Kids ate it up and no complaints. Not that Panda is worth comparing to but it is the kids choice and they usually complain when other Orange chicken doesn't taste right. We had a combo appetizer plate which was a great assortment. Thai chicken skewers were fantastic. Edamame was lightly salted and wonderfulMe had chicken curry and chicken pad Thai. Loved them both. We could have shared either dish because the portion size was nice. Not crazy large but a healthy portion. Although we didn't partake in desert they had a nice menu. Price was perfect. They don't serve fountain drinks. This usually annoys me but at 1.25 per can I spent less on drinks than any chain restaurant. I even had TWO cans!!!  I think you should try this place.
5	I love love love this place. If they were closer to my house I would probably frequent this place more then once a week.It's hard to find a good Thai place that cooks their food like my moms style but here they do and I struck gold because my mom now lives in Tennessee so this was the best substitute. Every time I come here I want to order everything on the menu but always get the Crispy Pork belly fat with Chinese broccoli about $8.95 plus a single side of rice. Their 3 companion dish hits close to home with the BBQ pork, papaya salad and sticky rice is perfect and reminds me of what my mom would make all the time. A lot of their other dishes are absolutely delicious and the dessert sound and looks amazing I yet have to try that. Food is amazing, price is awesome and restaurant is clean and quaint. The staff is also very nice. I would return to the place everyday of I could. If you haven't been here you must do just that because you will be hook at first bite.
5	Very good find...thanks for previous yelpers as they were not wrong...The Seafood Tom Yum with noodles was delicious and definitely hit the spot on this cold of a night.Will be back for more!
5	Great staff, great prices with huge portions! My boyfriend got the pork larb and it was full of flavor. I can taste the spices and the lettuce was crunchy and fresh. I got the duck noodle soup. I can't really find this anywhere unless I go to LA, so I had to get it here. It was so delicious and full of duck flavor. Duck broth is naturally on the salty side, so don't be surprised if you think it is salty. It taste great! :) we ordered the Thai tea to wash down the spiciness. The Thai tea is just as good as archies, maybe better. For dessert we got fried Ice cream. Its a giant ball of goodness. The guy that works there, Victor, is really sweet and told us to come back for lunch because the deals are better! I am definitely coming back for lunch to see what else they have to offer.
