4	Very good gnocchi! The perfect balance between soft and firm - very hard to find!!!
4	This place is one those great little finds.  Hidden away in the suburbs, this place will not let you down if you are looking for some good, hearty Italian food. Pizza is amazing and the pasta is no slouch.  Prices are great and the atmosphere is so laid back and relaxed, you wonder when Nona will come out in her slippers and ask if you enjoyed her sauce.Don't be fooled by the looks of this place, it was a great recommendation I got because it so close to where I live.  I was quite impressed and have since been ordering delivery. This is a must try next time you want some really good Italian without paying through the nose or having to marry an Italian.
4	I decided to eat here for lunch with a friend during a weekday. We found it alarming walking in to see it empty of all clients besides us. Usually, that's a bad sign but I'm glad that my dining experience went completely against that bad sign.Sapori Di Napoli, which is located in the basement of a building is a homely resto with spacious seating and a distinctive Italian decor that screams of the old country to you. The music is clearly Italian with a flavor of the napoletan and as someone who lived in Naples for 2 years as a teenager, a smile formed on my face.Kindly note, as an Italian who's favorite resto is "Casa Di Mama" (Mom's Cooking!), I'm a very harsh critic of Italian food and service... so let's see how it went. We decided to split an order of calamari and we both went with the tomato/basil gnocchi from the Yelp pictures already provided. The calamari was very good, with the right amount of chewy/crunch ratio to make it a classic dish. The gnocchi are made the old fashion way, the right way, with homemade pasta with homemade sauce. The gnocchi was good but I was a bit disappointed by them as they were smaller sized than I expected them to be and I didn't really taste the tomato/basil with a somewhat weak liquidy sauce. All in all, they were alright but I probably should have went with something else, like their Pizza.For desert we both ordered a Cappuccino and a Tiramisu. The Cappuccino was decent enough but seemed to be off somehow. The Tiramisu simply wasn't for me. Perhaps it's the way my mom used to make it but I didn't like it at all. Too liquidy, flavor wasn't there.The best part of our visit was our waiter Guido who was very friendly, accommodating, funny and amiable and took care of us. We got immediately served with the most delicious warm garlic focaccia bread that was simply phenomenal (and the best thing we ate!). I mentioned to my friend how I should bring my wife here as garlic focaccia is her kryptonite and would LOVE IT. At the end of our visit, Guido provided me with a huge bag with warm garlic focaccia to bring to the wife. WOW! During desert he provided us with free freshly made donuts as well. They were very good! I was blown away on his service. 5 STARS!And the wife LOVED the garlic focaccia and we're now coming back... for good reason! I want to try their pizzas, arancini balls and those delicious donuts again! Once this is done, I'll update this review to the 5 stars I'm sure it deserves!!!As for the resto being empty on week days, the problem is mostly location, I'm sure if the location was closer to the main streets of St. Laurent (it's located smack in the middle of very residential streets, so weekdays it's pretty quiet and weekends require reservations apparently) it would be otherwise full. With this type of food/service... no doubts about it.Will come again.
4	Bro for real closes thing you'll get to a Sunday at nonna's. Except here you don't get spacciate when your not helping out in the kitchen. It's nice and quiet and you can relax and sit near beautiful artwork while you enjoy the meal.
