5	My favorite Greek restaurant in all of  Montreal! Home made style Greek food with unbeatable prices!Their home baked potatoes are always moist with a hint of lemon.Their feta and tzatziki is fresh and full of flavor.I also love their cozy atmosphere and the fact that it's bring your own wine. They've been open for years and I try to make it at least once a year when I'm back in Montreal. It's really that good!FYI - Their website says they're open weekdays until midnight but in reality they close around 10:30PM. They're open late on weekends though.
2	As a Greek native I found the food to be sub par. The lamb chops were overcooked and overpriced. There calamari leaves much to be desired. There are much better Greek restaurants in Montreal, Elounda and Mythos come to mind. But if you must stay in the West Island and want to eat Greek, La Porte Grecque offers a decent Greek fare.
2	T'was a birthday dinner for my aunt meaning 15 people were needed to be seated comfortably. Porte Grecque has got this down! They have plenty of large tables for large groups, even a second floor full of them. For an 8:15 reservation we had to wait about 20 minutes. Even once we got to the table they were still setting up around us with cups, cutlerly, menus, etc. Which is fine. I mean, I'd rather wait at the table than wait in the crowded front of house but next time, give the menus first! Otherwise, that's just a tease. Appetizers were ok. The garlic bread could have been more evenly garlic-y and the cold appetizer platters were just ok. More tzatiki needed. I also had a white bean soup of the day that was lacklustre. Just like a consume with small beans, lentils and vegetables sunk at the bottom. Not the hearty thing one would expect! My meal also fell a bit flat for me. For starters, my fillet mignon was not the desired medium rare or even close to that. I'm not picky! But that was medium well. I whole heatedly enjoyed the Greek rice and potatoes. Both were perfectly cooked and flavourful. The salad that came along took up half the plate could have used a kick of feta cheese but was all right. Desserts were presented on platter and the options were seemingly endless. I wonder if they make all/any of them. I tasted the apple pie and the cheesecake. The apple pie was yummy, a little more soft than I'm used to but great with the scoop of vanilla ice cream. The cheesecake was a lot to handle with the overload of chocolate but pretty good too. I've got to hand it to the servers! They did a great job getting to everyone, handling so many varying orders and never letting the little things slide. It's a shame that the food fell a bit short with me but for the ranging tastes and large number, it worked for our occasion.
4	I have my favorite restaurants and my favorite dishes from around the world......dishes that I talk about to everyone I know and restaurants that I MUST visit while I am in town and this is definitely one of them!!!  I thought this restaurant was unique, cozy and very charming!!  I love the fact that you can bring your own wine and they will cork it for you (not many restaurants like that around)!!!   The food is good and the calamari is simply the best that I have had anywhere!!  I can't wait to return!!!
2	I went to Porte Greque tonight for my first time tonight (Monday Night) and I was very dissatisfied. I went because I had a coupon--2 meals, each with soup and dessert for 20$--that I received for supporting a local sports team.The soup of the day was white bean soup. It was okay but nothing special. I ordered the Shish Kabab; marinated pork tenderloin skewered with onions and green peppers. I have to admit that the pork was very good and moist, but the kabab had only 2 tiny pieces of pepper and 3 tiny onion pieces.The salad was an obvious cheap-out. A huge bed of iceberg lettuce with a quarter of a tomato, a few cucumbers, and barely any dressing. (Was it a store-bought dressing? I don't know... I could barely taste it over the blandness of the iceberg.) The rice was the standard yellow rice that is served at so many other Greek restaurants. The potatoes were nice and crispy on the outside but bland on the inside.There were no choices for dessert other than chocolate cake. It was okay, but I am not a huge fan and would have liked something other than chocolate cake. The service was okay; our waitress was friendly and helpful. Parking was not an issue because it is a private lot.
3	I've been here a couple times over the years. I always found the food fair. I don't go home a brag about how great my meal was, but I'm not totally disappointed like a few others have reviewed here.
1	Pure crap. You're better off eating grass at the curb. All the food is full of MSG, over cooked, soggy. Terrible service. Yet it's packed. What people won't do for a $12.99 meal and bring their own wine. Ridiculous !
3	We ate at La Porte Grecque as part of a party of 40 (dinner after a baptism). The location of the restaurant and the ample parking made it ideal for group events. There were 2 indoor sections and 1 outside section allowing for lots of options. We were in the larger of the 2 indoor sections.Service was good considering the size of our party. We were offered a nice menu and they happily accommodated any dietary concerns with off-menu items. The food was just ok. The starters were small but tasty (choice of feta and olives (2 whole olives...), tzatziki or vine leaves (3). The mains were big but the food was pretty dull. Desert was a cake. The restaurant is a BOYW joint which is nice.
4	Great cozy ambiance and charming waitress who chicken in on how we were doing quite often. Food was affordable and quite good for the price. I had the lamb for $15. Bread was complimentary.
5	Great meal....what a way to start off the new year 2014. The only thing that I did not like was the parking.but all in all everything else rocked.LIFES GOOD!
1	Food decent, but don't ever leave your camera there and call to see if they found it.  I was told I must have left it somewhere else.  I insisted I left it there because I remembered just that. I got hung up on.  Twice. Management and owner are total d-bags!
1	Will not go there again.Was welcomed by an older rude man (owner?) who told us we could not sit outside when they had seating available. Place was hot and crowded. The waitress seemed to be in such a hurry that when we asked a question regarding an item on menu she looked like she was bothered. Food super salty.  All in all not happy about this one!!!You get what you pay for mind you I feel no matter the cost service is most important!
1	Was here for dinner and received some pretty bad service. The food was very average. The wait staff seemed frustrated to be working that day. I had to ask for water 4 separate times. The owner seemed more concerned that our table with seating for 6 had only 4 people on it, than the lack of service his restaurant provides customers. The most amusing part was the restaurant was nearly empty. This place is dark and dingy and you feel like you are having dinner in a dungeon. My first and last time eating here.
