5	BST is a very clean and very organized shop. I've been visiting Mike since before BST was born, my first time with him being at their sister shop, Immortal Images. All of the artists are great, but I highly reccomend Mike. I currently live in the Seattle, WA area, and have travelled all the way across the country to get a tattoo from him before going somewhere local. I've done it once, and I'll do it again! Great work guys!
5	Talented artists, professional and clean shop! One of the best in Charlotte by far!
5	One of the best tattoo shops in Charlotte. As soon as you walk in,  you feel welcomed - clean space, walls full of original artwork, small selection of flash by the front desk. All the employees are knowledgeable and easy to talk to, not to mention extremely talented!Word of advice: feel free to take some inspiration from the flash but this shop specializes in custom tattoos. Talk to any of the artists (Dave, Jenn, Mike, AJ, Dia) and they will be able to turn your ideas into a tattoo that will not only look good but will stand the test of time (remember...this is on your skin forever!)This shop is definitely like a family to me and one of the few places in Charlotte that I would ever want to get tattooed.
5	Hands down, no other shop around compares to the wonderful atmosphere at BST. The front desk staff is friendly and very helpful when scheduling appointments. The building is very clean and full of custom artwork. I have been tattooed by both Jenn Small and AJ Lingerfeldt on multiple occasions. Both Jenn and AJ are highly skilled as well as creative. I can go in with half an idea and the artist can make it bloom into a beautiful tattoo. Every single artist at BST (Dave, Mike, AJ, Dia, and Jenn) makes getting tattooed a comfortable and enjoyable experience. BST takes sanitation seriously. I have never had an infection or any issues with healing. Every artist takes time to go over detailed aftercare instructions as well as following all NC regulations for tattooing. Chances are if you're having "infections" then you didn't pay attention or follow the aftercare guidelines that were sent home with you!!!I highly recommend BST to anyone who is looking for a clean shop that produces quality, lasting work. Please keep in mind that you are putting something on your body permanently and quality is more important than quantity. Good tattoos aren't cheap and cheap tattoos aren't good!
5	Dave Scearce, the owner, is hands down the best there is.  I've been getting tattooed with Dave for about 6 years, and his work never ceases to amaze me. I can walk in with a rough idea of what I want , and Dave will take the time to listen and draw up something better than I imagined.  The shop is very clean and everyone is friendly and professional.I wouldn't recommend going anywhere else.  You get what you pay for, and here you get quality art work by experienced artists.
5	My husband and I have had work done by several tattoo artists here. Work is great. I was recommended by a coworker who had fantastic work done by Dave. If you follow their page Dave often lists last minute openings. Each artist has a really different style which makes it great for those who like variety.  My husband and I have sessions to complete our work with Mike and we are complimented on his work often. Shop is super clean and everyone that works there is great.
5	Alicia was incredible. From the moment I walked in, she patiently revised the stencil until it was exactly what I wanted and her hand was as precise as any I've known. I would proudly have her give me my first or my last tattoo. Long story short, she knows how to make the you comfortable, confident in your choice before and proud afterwards.The only reason I didn't give her 6 stars is because that isn't possible.
5	I'm new to Charlotte and found this tattoo shop via Yelp.  The parlor is very clean and they use nothing but single use,  sterile needles and syringes on each person.  I had Eric and he did an amazing job.  Everyone was very friendly and answered any questions I had.  They work with you to get exactly what you want.
5	I have been going to BST for over five years now and and have always used Dave.  The reason for Dave was a close friend always told me if I wanted an awesome tattoo then save my money and go to the best and I finally did it.  This in no way meant to take away anything from his other artists because Dave would rather be in that shop alone if he can't find talent that meets or exceeds his expectations.  You can go in BST blindfolded and when you were done you would be so damn stoked that you wouldn't be able to tell which did it because all their work speaks for itself.  Dave sets a high standard because that's what BST customers have grown accustom to and Dave along with the whole crew never let the customer down.  I have both arms sleeved and I go in tomorrow to do some chest work, BST is the cleanest and most well kept shops you will ever have the pleasure of being in.  If you want some comparisons just ride to Gastonia and walk through 3 shops and then go back to BST and do a walk through.  Its like going from dirty garage to a sterilized surgical room it's that clean.  I would never go anywhere else and always keep his cards in my wallet so when somebody asks about my work I give them a BST card and urge them to save your money and get it the first time, their can only be a second time if your lucky and most aint.
