4	Boston Market, is well, Boston Market.  But, I like it, and thier food is good, chain or no chain.  I really wanted to give this place 3.5 stars, but decided I would up them to four stars, since thier food tastes pretty good.I went here for Thanksgiving dinner, and the service was wonderful.  People were friendly here, considering that they are stuck working on a holiday serving others thier holiday dinner.  Place was clean, but the Turkey was kind of dry.  BUT, it beats that over processed crap your going to get anywhere else.
3	Used to go to Boston Market a long time ago.  Loved the chicken and the cole slaw, so went in just for that.  Guess what?  They don't make cole slaw anymore.  So I won't be a customer anymore.  Just ok.
4	As far as Boston Markets go, this one isn't bad. It, along with most of the restaurants I've seen lately, has been nicely renovated. They also seem to have upped their customer service, in that after you place your order, they actually escort you to your table and bring you your food. Even though there are no dedicated waiters, the employees still do their best to come around and make sure you're doing well.The food itself is delicious! The chicken is always juicy, and the sides are always plentiful and tasty as well. Personally, I flip flop between the creamed spinach, the mac and cheese, and sometimes the sweet potatoes if I'm feeling like a complete pig. The only drawback to this particular location for me is that there's no drive through. I know, I know...first world problems.  Other than that, you'll be sure to find great service, engaged employees, and most of all, great food!
4	The service was great at this locationThe young girl helping me choose my dish was super helpfulShe woo'd me into trying the new pork ribsShe was so cool and friendly that I trusted her opinion. I ended up getting the ribs with Mac and cheese and stuffing as both of my sides My evening meal was great and it all started with that warm, friendly recommendation from the customer service This location is pretty much like every Boston Market, inside and out as far as decor and menuYumzo!
4	Tasted like chicken, which is what I ordered so they have that going for them. Pretty decent food, nice staff at this location, quick and easy for lunch!
4	Fast, friendly, great service, clean, and the food was all right! It was what I expected. If I need a quick bite to eat, I will definitely come back here.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this outing at Boston Market. A few years ago, I had eaten at this location and wasn't particularly wowed by the food or the service. But now, they have improved by leaps and bounds. They're really focusing on a more comfortable, cozy environment for patrons that wish to dine on their homey Americana style eats with a fast-food type efficiency.After you place your order, the cashier will bring your food to your table. If you get your order to eat in, they will serve it on some white plates with silverware. The workers here are fast and efficient, and are friendly even in high traffic times. When they can, the staff will come around and ask if you need anything, and will clear your table for you. The service here has been better than at some sit-down full service restaurants I've been to!They offer deals now which are great if you are dining with another person. For $20, you can get 2 individual meals, 2 drinks, and 2 desserts! Quite a lot of food for a decent price.
1	Not once, but twice, have I left this restaurant only to end up violently ill for 2 days following. If it happens once, ok, maybe it's a one-off, a fluke. But for it to happen twice? Nope. I'm done. Both times, my partner and I went, got identical sides, but I got chicken, she got meatloaf. She never got sick, so I'm guessing the meatloaf is safe. But both times I had chicken, which looked like it was cooked through, I ended up in the bathroom for 2 days straight with the worst case of food poisoning. Like I said, if it had only happened once, that's one thing. But to have an identical reaction twice in a row says that something isn't right.I'm wondering how sanitary the rotisseries are that hold the chicken. I mean, they put raw chicken on, cook it, take it off, throw another raw chicken on the same skewer. I don't see a lot of safe food handling being done. Needless to say, I'm not going back. Ever. In fact the thought of eating rotisserie chicken makes my stomach turn. Thanks Boston Market.
4	I remember my parents taking me to boston market when I was a kid in California. There's just something about their comfort food that sits right in my belly. Always a good experience at this location in Tempe. Foods good. Always satisfied.
2	I come here every now and then since I'm in the area twice a week.  On my last visit the dining area was a little untidy.  And the service was unorganized.  Our meals are supposed to come with corn bread, but we were told they weren't ready yet and that they would bring them out to us when they were ready.  Halfway through our meals my brother checked on the corn bread and was told it still wasn't ready.  Mind you, we were not rushing through our meals since we were there mostly killing time. By the end of our meals I went up to the counter and asked if the cornbread was done.  The cashier gave me a look like I was bothering her.  (Um, the restaurant wasn't packed with people.). She said she could go to the back and get us some.  She could go back and get us some?!  Uh, didn't they say they would bring it out to us with our meal?!  Clearly, she forgot.  We're human, so no big deal.  What annoyed me was that we didn't get an apology from her and she made us feel like we were crazy for asking for the food we paid for.  Left here full, but annoyed.
1	I have used Boston Market for my company holiday parties previously without incident.  However, For Thanksgiving some key parts of our order (gravy) were missing from our Turkey dinner order.  I decided to try the catering option to pick up at the store to see if I would get better results.  Much, much worse!  I arrived to pick up my order and the girl at the counter (possibly a manager) told me it would be a few minutes because they got a late start.  No big deal, I thought, even though their lack of preparedness is not my issue.  I sat there for 30 minutes and then had to pay extra for them not completing the order.  The young girl said "sorry for the inconvenience."  There was no attempt to make it right.  I'm going to find an alternative for my company parties going forward.
