4	This place is NEVER busy when I come here, which is usually some where in between 11am and 2pm any day of the week. They have an ATM on the exterior of the building in case you are not able to visit during regular business hours.Staff is friendly and if you're nice and have to tinkle, they allow you to use their facilities.
4	Just happened to end up at this BofA branch after running some errands in this part of Las Vegas.  It is near the edge of the city's development, in the SW side, so maybe that is why there were not that many people in this branch location in the afternoon (2:30-3pm).  Which was great for me, as waiting in line is something most people would prefer to do less of.The teller that assisted me was very friendly (only 2 were on staff at the counter when I was there), made casual conversations and attempted to get me to open a BofA account with them (after asking some questions and making an assessment to determine if the customer could benefit from opening a BofA account).  This is what all the tellers should be doing, and she did it very well.Anyway, I did not open an account, as I was just there to deposit rent I collect on behalf of a friend.  But the entire process was quick and efficient, and service was provided by friendly staff.  So easily 4 stars.Oh yeah, they have one ATM in the front,for customers that are there after business hour or have simple tasks that can be done with the ATM.If I am in the area and need to step inside a BofA branch, I will definitely pick this one.
1	The people in the branches are always very nice, but the bank itself and its policies really suck. It took me 3 years of phone calls every 6 months to get them to finally remove a negative mark that they illegally added to my credit report. (Illegal because I'm in the military, and there are specific laws regarding what they can and can't do during my deployments. So legitimately illegal.)Also, apparently they charged me the wrong interest rate on my credit card for over 10 years. A couple months ago I did get a refund from them after they audited their system and that was a nice surprise, but one is left to wonder what may have been different if I hadn't blown all that money on the wrong interest rate to begin with. (One also wonders what would be different if I hadn't been retarded as a young person and racked up a giant credit card bill, but that's a whole other story...)
