5	my son has been going here for about a month and he loves it! pretty  affordable, above and beyond a preschool.
5	My son loves it here!
1	This creative kids is the worst one. They have several safety issues with children hurting other children and they don't follow the traditional teacher to child ratio. One teacher will be left alone with sometimes 16 children including special needs children that need to be watched constantly. The director refuses to buy learning toys for the 2-3 year old room. And a toddler was once left alone in a room with no teacher at all. The  company should seriously consider replacing the director with someone more qualified to handle the needs this school presents. If u like creative kids take your child to a different location.
5	My Daughter has been attending this center for a few months now and I'm glad we made the change everyone is so nice and helpful My Daughter's teacher is great children very attentive and friendly my daughter is learning lots of new things,  the director is great very helpful and accommodating always helping me out when I need to bring my daughter in an extra day at short notice. I absolutely recommend this center.
3	For the actual learning center itself: Very impressed. My kid absolutely loves it here and the teachers in her class are fabulous. The place is always clean and has a great outdoor area. So why isnt this a five star review? This place nickel and dimes you to death, esp if you have a toddler. Tuition is already 800, as of jan 19, it raises another, as the call it, reasonable 2 bucks a day. Thats an extra 40 a month, not chump change. This has become more than my rent. Now add the fact my kid is under 2. There is a "toddler fee" of 6 bucks per week. You would assume this would be because the kid is likely not potty trained. Nope, thats another 6 bucks a week. If you want to use a credit/debit card to pay for the daycare, that adds another 8 bucks a week. In fact, the only way to pay without getting charged extra from the already incredible close to 900 dollar daycare is to have it directly withdrawn from your bank account bi-weekly. I get that they provide a better program than most but if the cost raises again, i will not be able to afford it anymore and sadly kids will suffer. I am not the only parent who has expressed this.
