4	The village is alive with the sound of music and din of people walking plus shopping, which is probably more important. It has a real working timed bell and of course places to east and drink. Grab a coffee and enjoy some good people watching. This new outdoor shopping venue hasn't even hit its stride yet. Get here so you can experience higher end shopping and dining. It certainly does take a village. Plus under ground parking is an added bonus to keep the vehicle relatively cool.
4	Beautiful.  Light trees.  'Nuff said.
4	Been here 3 times. I love the ambiance, the best. Like it better than Town Square,  its more cozy, stores are closer together, bettter place to walk during summer Vegas heat. I ate at Cafe Leone with my kids 4 times already and shopped at Charming Charlie 3 times. Im not tired of going to those places again and again. Most stores and restaurant are just pricy but quality.
4	Town Square meets Summerlin equates to Tivoli Village.Entering Tivoli Village from Alta Drive you will be presented with a beautiful fountain with valets ready to park your car in their two story garage. In the garage there are elevators that will take you to the the business area and.. the elevators have granite walls. Pretty gangster. No doubt the entire "Village" is very aesthetically pleasing. The luxurious feeling it puts off makes me feel like my wallet is a couple dollars heavier. Aside from the decor, Tivoli Village is still very limited on what it offers. There are a few shopping places (Stash, Charming Charlie, Vasari, and.. Land Rover), a few places to dine (Petra, Brio, and Leone Cafe) and a fancy playground secured by TWO security guards. Other than that there is not much to do, especially if you're a male whose not hungry and does not have kids, you may be bored, but you can always enjoy the scenery I suppose.I probably would not make another stop at Tivoli Village until its more complete (shops wise).P.S. The exit from the garage is pretty gangster as well. Its narrow, and may make you feel uneasy because of potential cars coming in from the other side.. but its like you're in the bat mobile coming out of Batman's cave.
3	I do like the look of the place and enjoy the lighted trees so it would be nice to just sit out or walk around on a rare nice Vegas day since it's much closer to my house than other open air shops. Opened stuff so far is okay. I don't really see myself shopping at a lot of these places. Charming Charlie is cute and a good place for cheap accessories. The Dog House is a good idea, however they only carry the Good Food Company foods and treats which I can also get at my favorite pet food store. The Leoni cafe where I grabbed a refreshment is alright. I did not need a meal so I didn't go to Brio, Petra or Radio City Pizza. It has promise to be somewhere nice to walk around, but how can I really rate it when half of the stuff is "coming soon"? There's a lot of things that were on the list of stuff to open- like Grand Luxe Cafe, but I don't even see a coming soon sign for some of those places? It's a lot smaller than I anticipated, but the height and multiple building levels are deceiving. Most of it is loft space up top the floor level. Boo. It would be nice to have more of a mall closer to home, but looks like this is just a very nice shopping center much like The District.
4	I really like Tivoli Village, and it will be even better when it's finished.  There are several stores open now, but none that I want to shop at.  What interests me now are the restaurants and the food places.  As more places come to the complex, there may be some places that are of interest to me.In the interim, I'll be back to enjoy dinner at one of the two places open (Brio Tuscan Grille and Petra) and a gelato place plus Leone Cafe.  I'm a sucker for gelato and coffee.  Tivoli, I'll be back--soon!
4	Tivoli Village is a wonderful place just to hang out for a while. Atmosphere: Relaxing Cost: Free! Things to do: it's new and it is a lot smaller than I thoguht it was going to be. Overall: still a nice place to visit. One star off for the limited restuarant choices.
4	3.5 stars, but because of potential, I am rounding up to 4. One of the things I miss most about LA is Santa Monica's 3rd Street Promenade and their Farmers Markets every Wednesday and Friday.  Tivoli Village isn't necessarily a place I would drive out of my way to visit, but since it is just a couple miles from my house, it is a "good" substitute (and free parking). So far, I have enjoyed the Farmers Market on Saturdays.  It is nice to just walk around in the fresh morning air surrounded by gorgeous buildings, live music on the center stage, and organic fruits and veggies.  Not as much selection as I am used to, but what they do offer is definitely quality produce, and plenty of samples to try! I bought organic broccoli, cauliflower, and kale last weekend, as well as sweet apricots that didn't even make it into the house, because we snacked on them while we walked around! (and they were just harvested the day prior).I also like the children's play area complete with a water play area, slide, and a sandbox along the wall.  The chairs and tables under the shade where parents can watch their kiddies is much appreciated.  Even better, there is also YoScream- a new froyo/ gelato/ crepe shop right next to the playground, and I sampled some flavors at their soft opening last weekend, and have actually found a new favorite place. The selection of shops is currently limited, so I will probably only come for the Saturday Farmers Market for now. But, if there was a Sephora- that would be a different story.  I look forward to seeing what other shops fill this mini taste of Italy.
2	The place has potential but with so few stores and the fact that it is so hard to find parking, it is really lame.  They should have waited until it was complete to open it.
4	Tivoli Village seems like a nice place to shop and eat. I enjoyed my walk through the little faux town and had a nice cup of coffee at Cafe Leone. If this place doesn't get too crazy crowded and maintains itself, I can easily see myself returning often for food, drink and hanging out.
2	If you have 10-15 minutes to kill, take a look at this new shopping area. It has beautiful architectural design, but with only the first phase opening, they are somewhat limited on retail and dining options. If you want to dine with friends, try a little later in the evening, say after 7, to find an available table...older crowd is usually there in the early evening. This place will be incredible once the recession improves and future phases begin to open.
3	It's pretty, but awkward.  I had no idea where to park when I first pulled in, there's this lame rotunda thing with valets. I refuse to valet unless I have to, so I figured out where the (limited) parking was in back.Rumor has it that this project cost close to a billion dollars. Definitely NOT worth it. Only a few stores and restaurants were open. Ate at Brio and tried to have gelato at Vivido Gelato afterwards, but when we walked in they said they were closed. Not nice. Maybe they should lock their doors and dim their lights when they are closed. What is the harm in serving one more person with money in hand?I prefer similar malls, like Town Square and Green Valley Ranch (well, that one's bankrupt now).  I don't know how this one will succeed in this economy.
4	Didn't really care for the shops around. But enjoyed the whole outdoor faux Italy experience, clock tower and art, no cheesy painted sky and gondola rides here. Even the 100+ temp felt good, sat outside ate some fruits I got from the farmers market and enjoyed.  There are elevators in almost each building, some even in stores, that lead to the parking garage under the village. And maps all over the place. Small and quiet
2	Tivioli is beautiful and I give them credit for getting the place open.  They don't really seem ready for prime time just yet. We had a terrible dinner at Petra. They had a band on the street that was way, way too loud.  After dinner we stopped in Cafe Leon hoping to forget the bad dinner.  The desert I ordered tasted like it might have had booze in it. I asked the server to check if that was the case. She said she would and never came back. She avoided eye contact every time she walked by us after that.  I hope they get it together there. It is worth stopping in to see.  Just avoid Petra.
3	I'm not sure how fair it is to rate Tivoli VIllage since it's only 1/3rd finished, but I suppose I can always update it. This place is definitely beautiful in it's architecture, but I am anxious to see what other stores are going to pop up. The only store that really caught my eye was Charming Charlie's while the other boutiques are old news to Las Vegas because these aren't their first locations. My favorite part of TIvoli Village is the kid's park with a yogurt place right next door! Unfortunately, I don't see many other reasons to visit until it is completed.
4	I'm really impressed with some of the changes they've made to the farmers' market. I like being able to find the local producers easily. The variety of foods offered by local producers has grown tremendously. The quality of the food far exceeds anything I can get at my usual haunts. The local musician playing the cello is a nice touch as well. It will be nice to see them get some more stores in there. I'd love to see a nice bookstore in there.
5	I had such a great time at both kids events I attended. The Fresh 52 farmer's market on Saturday had face painting, balloon makers, other kid friendly attractions. The kids loved the water park.Truckin' Tuesday's allowed the kids to look into a fire truck and an Eco friendly school bus. Now that the play area is covered it's nice and cool to the touch and the kids can play for ever. What a great place.
3	This is a pretty nice place from the looks of it. It is in the early stages but I am excited for some of its up and coming eateries. The Burgers and bottles place has my interest and the new Irish bar does as well as we are seriously lacking a good Irish bar in the northwest.Valet right in the middle is offered but so is covered parking under the shops which is a godsent during the summer.They have a Farmers market that plan on returning too and some trucking Tuesdays thing with law enforcement and Fire/rescue vehicles that I am sure the kiddies will get into.I look forward to amending this review after more shops have opened.
4	The architecture alone in this village is worth going to look at.  They have really cool LED trees that are lit at night.  It was very ballsy of them to open this upscale place in this economy, but already you see people are becoming comfortable patronizing the restaurants and boutiques here.  There is underground parking with ample spots to park an H2 easily.  There is also valet parking a big plus if you are sporting 4" heels to dinner.I think once people start to experience the shops in here it will be even more popular.
2	Hmn, there's not a whole lot to say about this place.  It's beautiful, yeah but lacks....fun and things to do.  Twelve of us went there tonight.  Six grown ups, er "big kids" and six little princesses.  (My god there were so many little people...)  ANYWAY, we hit this place up after Cheesecake Factory.  It was lame.  There was, I believe one bar that was open and a band that was playing outside (not a good one at that).  There's a little kiddie park but your better off taking the kids to McDonald's. It had very little for the kids to do.  One slide with some attachments (stairs and pole and whatever)...eh, I don't even want to waste my time writing about what little they had for the kids...of all ages. I was not impressed in the least.  (Just in case you couldn't tell.)  This place needs to take some notes from Town Square....more bars, restaurants, snack areas and a real park/splash pad.
3	After a couple months, I returned to Tivoli Village and it felt like an abandoned city- it was kind of eerie.  Granted, who wants to walk around an outdoor mall in the summer? But, there also isn't  much to see when you walk around anyways.  When I first came in May, I was impressed with the playground, but right now it is just too hot for the kids to play there, even with the newly installed shade covers.  I was also originally impressed with the Farmer's Market on Saturdays, but I am not so impressed with the selection now.  The only reasons I have for returning are Brio Tuscan Grille and Charming Charlie's, and that is only because I love minutes away.   Other than that, I'd rather stroll at the other outdoor malls.  I am being nice and giving it 3 stars because i am still hoping that there will be more added to this aesthetically and architecturally beautiful "village".
4	I am writing this review in the hopes that the management at Tivoli will read it. I love the architecture and feel of Tivoli, I know that this place hasn't reached full potential yet, but it is beautiful. There was obviously a lot of thought and planning that went in to making it as nice as can be. It seems as if not enough effort is being put into promotion. From street view, it can be very hard to discern what Tivoli is, and I have not seen advertisements or promoted events posted anywhere. This is by far one of classiest places I've been to in Las Vegas and I fear that without the proper promotion it will not grow into the popular hangout it deserves to be.
3	When we went, it was within the first 30 days of opening, so it was very new and very empty (store-wise)! Maybe just a handful of places were open, like the restaurant with valet in front. There was a group performing at one stage- nice to hear. There were a couple stages. A small water feature on one end- some little ones were enjoying that. And there were several balloon makers and mime types there. Oh and a dog adoption event was taking place. Recently, heard that there will be a farmer's market here- which would be really neat. Very nice architecture. Small covered parking lot. Other parking available. But it was kinda packed (parking) when we went.It was super windy that day. We lasted ten minutes and we left. Would be interested in seeing when the rest of the place is "complete."
3	I cant wait for more store to open up here. When its full it will be a really nice place. As of right now its just ok. There is a nice playground with a new canopy. It reminds me alot of the District. The parking is good and I love that they have valet. I love using valet when I am lugging my toddler around. The less walking the better!I will go here more often once the weather cools down for some playdates at the park with my mommy group.
5	I love you Tivoli Village, but I am worried about you! This place is small, yes it's no town square as another poster was making every little comparison to them. As far as the other comment they made about parking being weird and confusing, I don't understand that. I have never had an issue with parking and being that they are always slow I get a stellar spot every time which is right next to the escalator that leads to the village. This place is beautiful at night with the lit trees, and very quiet. Brio is excellent as well as the Greek taverna restaurant. Absolutely Delicious food at both restaurants. Kidville is a great fun place for kids to take classes, and each month they do a special day for you and the kids to check it out, play in the gym, watch a show, snacks and arts and crafts for a small 10 dollar donation to a charity. My daughter LOVED it. Before we checked that out we had a blast at their shaded park area with a sand pit and lots of creative fun park accommodations, and of course the splash pad. Then right next door to that there is a cute frozen yogurt shop. The shops I can't say I have really looked in too much yet, and I worry about them because I notice they are usually dead. I don't know why Tivoli Village isn't a hit for the Summerlin area. I think its great, but no.. it is no town square and its not trying to be. Town square has movie theatre, clubs, lounges, restaurants, shopping and is enormous. Tivoli is a cute little Gem that is being ignored way too much. I do think they need to maybe add a few more things in there to get things picking up... maybe a night lounge or something for more entrainment in the evenings to help attract more people. I just hope this place survives because it so cute and a nice place to go far from the strip. It would be shame to lose because we need more things like this in Vegas. Come on people and show Tivoli Village more support and keep it alive!
2	I have gone there 3 times, all on different days of the week and times and it's still FAIL. There is really nothing to do, outside of eating and shopping at places that you get at any other place in Las Vegas. Nothing new, nothing exciting and unique. Once you park and walk in, you start to get excited because the architecture and scene is nice and looks the part. But after walking for about 5 more minutes, you realize that there is nothing else to see. I think they are wayyy behind Town Square. Actually, I will bypass this place and go to Town Square for family fun and entertainment. At least T.S has a movie theater, better name brand shopping and restaurants. I would rank Tivoli and The District equal to each other. I will give them one more chance to keep me as a customer. They have to give the locals something else that we haven't seen.
5	This place is beautiful.  The food is great.  My wife loves shopping here.  this is amazing on the stone work and the design of the whole place is second to none
4	OMG this architecture is incredible.  Is that real live actual stonework?  Please put in some shops for people with less money though.  Amazing untapped potential here!  Thank you for covered parking and gratuitous use of Air Conditioning.  Anyone who knows me knows I abhor the heat.  There are a lot of 20 somethings (and 30 somethings that feel like 20 somethings) that desperately need a new hangout place, this spot would be awesome with some moderately priced stores.    The evenings here can be quite romantic with the gently lit ambiance.  The Cafe, YoScream, and Charming Charley's are definitely affordable.  But most other shops here are a bit above my range.  Maybe it just needs more stores, and then they can put in a wider price range.  A night club here that caters to young people would be quite nice - perhaps on the second floor overlooking everything.  While I'm at it, maybe a club with a gay night - a la the abbey? (please we need some sophistication up in this city).
5	If you are tired of the everyday modern cntemporary architecture, and you desire to surround yourself in beauty, then Tivoli Village is the place for you. It is a fabulous place to grab a bite to eat or take a romantic stroll with someone you love. I feel like I'm in another era when I visit. Please go and enjoy a beautiful day or evening there!
3	This is just for the childrens play area.Tivoli Village is very elegant, but its def a ghost town. My son and I frequent the childrens area during the late evening because its a free and pretty safe place to play. Back when it first opened I was kinda disappointed because they hadnt had the shade things yet, we went a few nights ago and they did install them which was nice. The major downfall is there is hardly any light in the play area at night. We like to go later because its cooler, but no lights are no bueno!Overall this is a pretty blah play area, especially compared to town centers... or even a parks. The sway chair thing is pretty neat as is the jungle gym... but other than that its pretty boring. Luckily my son is pretty adventurous and makes up his rides. Another downfall is the lack of security, I know its a fairly small outdoor mall but I only seen 1 bike officer and he was only around there for a few minutes. Tivoli Village itself is totally fab, but they seriously need to add more stores so it doesnt look soo sparse. Next ion our list is to try Brio then the other places : )
4	I go here every Sat for the farmer's market. I love the corn lady, bon breads, homemade pasta and organic honey. It is sad that that there are only a few stores. Charming Charlie's is awesome.
5	Totally a wonderful place, great restaurants, shops, and everything conveniently located around you. :) enjoy! :)
4	Great place! A nice escape from the average Vegas scene. Come here for a nice walk, some ice cream and some great food!
5	I really enjoy walking this mall especially now that its Christmas season. The mall has a really nice atmosphere and i love the fact that its also an open mall. There is alot of parking here as well so dont worry about the parking situation. I can not wait till all the stores are open and the mall is fully running. Im sure itll be very busy. There seems to be alot of restaurants opening up so the hardest decision to make will be where to eat once your done shopping!
4	This is a beautiful place...I  love the architecture! There is also these cherry blossom lit trees that are all around the property. I enjoy taking pictures of them or next to them. Leone Cafe is a nice place to chit chat and sip coffee with friends. Petra is a wonderful  Greek place if you are in the mood for some Kabobs or Spanakopita (spinach pie). They make them so good here! Tivoli just opened Bottles and Burgers they also own Double Helix in Town Square. I had the pleasure of eating at Double Helix they had yummy sliders and a tasty  Asian pear salad . Their dishes were tapa sized. Bottles and Burgers will have more of a full menu and will also specialize in milkshakes. If pizza is more your style there is Radio City Pizzeria. I love their Viva Las Vegas Pie! There is supposed to be a Kabuki Japanese restaurant opening here soon. I can't wait to try it!Some of the specialty stores I enjoy at Tivoli are Cucina Olive Oil. They sell flavor infused Olive Oil and Balsamic Vinegar. There are so many to choose from like french vanilla, Parmesan garlic,wild blueberry, vanilla orange just to name a few. You can taste them before you buy them too! If you love chocolate there is Brasado Chocolates that have a nice variety of beautiful chocolates. If you are less of a chocolate junkie and more of an accessory diva then you will adore Charming Charlies!
3	Tivoli Village is gorgeous and has a lot of potential. The shopping area is easy to navigate, there are a bunch of great eateries, and there are some really cool local stores there instead of a ton of chain stores dominating everything. The farmer's market on weekends is a wonderful way to experience Tivoli and do something a little more interesting. Sadly there's a lot of unused space here and often Tivoli has a bit of a ghost town vibe since it can be very quiet at times. I've been here a handful of times and I've never actually seen it crowded. It's a really nice place but I think once more shops open up, it'll be even better.
4	Tivoli Village is beautiful! This is the perfect place for a day of shopping and lunch with friends. They have the casual restaurants and the more upscale as well. The shops range from high end boutiques to inexpensive retailers. Charming Charlies is my newest fave for costume jewelry! The parking area is immaculate and easy to navigate. The decor is very upscale, kind of like an upgraded Town Square. If they built a  MAC or Sephora here, I would swear off Town Square altogether.
5	This is such a great place for shopping and mingling!! You can eat indoors or outdoors at some of the places!! It's a cute little village all of it's own!! Must see to appreciate!!
5	The atmosphere is beautiful here. We live a little ways away so we come once or twice a month for the fresh 52, which is a farmer's market that takes places here on saturdays. I love visiting because its something different to do.
2	Tivoli Village is like a cheap  present that was was wrapped in extravagant paper and tied with a fancy bow. It looks lovely from the outside, but once you get in to see what's there, it's a disappointment.My first and only visit to Tivoli Village was this Monday evening for a Yelp event at one of the restaurants. I arrived a few hours early, thinking I'd do a little shopping to kill some time. Nope, that wasn't going to happen. Not in a "shopping" center that is almost all eateries and hardly any actual stores! There are literally only a dozen stores here, well, 13 if you count the Land Rover dealership (like the website does). To compare Tivoli Village to The District is a joke, and to compare it to Town Square is an insult to Town Square! A year ago, when Tivoli opened, the lack of stores was understandable. It has been open for almost a year now though, it's definitely time the developers do something to get more of the storefronts filled. What a waste of a beautifully designed and built shopping center.
3	Tivoli Village has potential to be great.  Architectually it's beautiful, the lay-out is well-planned, and the underground parking is super convenient.  But currently, it has not realized it's potential.  There are few anchors here, and for a retail center, it's mostly restaurants.  Yes, it's competing with Boca Park only a few blocks away, and yes, it came to be in a downturn economy, so I understand.  It's still disappointing to see the relative lack of shops though.  It is home to Charming Charlies and the Dog House, so I am a big fan of that (see the reviews on each of these shops), and it is a dog-friendly area as there are poop-bag dispensers around the main thorough-fare.I sincerely hope that Tivoli is able to realize it's potential soon.
2	I really wasn't impressed with this place. There just wasn't a lot of substance. It's really just restaurant village and the shopping aspect seems to have been an afterthought as there isn't much available to keep you entertained. I came here for my first (and most likely my last) visit to attend a Yelp event. I hadn't really had much interest in coming here before, mostly due to the reviews from friends that there wasn't much to offer. Tivoli is pretty and sparkly but there just isn't a lot to do here unless you are coming here just to eat.
3	The restaurant selections inside Tivoli Village are nice, but there is nothing else to do besides eating and a short stroll. The few shops within the area provide for some browsing after a meal, but not anything spectacular. The decor of the area transports you out of Vegas. It is a nice getaway from the Strip and the high walls even blocks out the desert landscape. The options for food is varied and has me wanting to come back for more. Breakfast at Leone Cafe is a good way to get the day started. Their coffee is strong and bold. The breakfast sandwich on a croissant is the only way to go. With Kabuki opening up this past week, the range of cuisine is brightening up. Burgers at Bottles and Burger, Greek at Petra, Italian at Brio. Tivoli is definitely an international cuisine stop.
2	I wanted to check this place out for about 5 minutes, to see what stores were there. I biked Tivoli from my home, which is a block away. Was immediately turned off by a bicycle security guard who told me (on bicycle) I was not allowed to bicycle around the complex.... which was empty. Some security hazard I must be.I probably would have locked my bike, but sadly, there was no place to lock it. Apparently, they only care about their fancy older customers who can afford valet parking, and not those of us who actually live in this neighborhood and contribute to the local economy every day.I'll spend my money elsewhere.
4	I am pleasantly surprised at this little mall.  Not only did they make it look pretty but they seem to cram a lot into this little space.  Each restaurant here is great and the shops are "unique" as opposed to the mall standards.  Charming Charlies is great and the dog store looks interesting for dog owners.  They organize a weekly farmers market and several special events.  Bottles and Burgers is one of our favorites and I have heard great things about Brio, Kabuki and Petra.  Convenient to the freeway, two casinos and Summerlin, you will find Tivoli an interesting experience.
4	Tivoli Village is still new and seem to still be in the first steps of becoming an established shopping/restaurant center. I'll admit I'm a fan for what it can be in the future. Being a frequent visitor of the Galleria, the District, Town Square, and Fashion Show Mall, I'm looking forward to Tivoli Village making it on my list of to-go places where I can shop, there's a play area where my toddler can run around, and provide interesting restaurants I'll want to venture into. It's definitely coming along from the first few months it was open.My last visit here was for the Street Throwdown. It was fun tasting the new sliders concocted by local food trucks who teamed up with a Tivoli Village restaurant. My son was happy playing in the kids playground and later, we grabbed a coffee from Leone Cafe. We've visited when they have their weekly farmer's market. It's a very small one, but still fun to pick up a few local organic produce.Overall, I love visiting Tivoli. I hope they'll be a few more shops and restaurants. Even though I don't spend much time in Summerlin anymore, I would make my way here to shop or a bite to eat if I'm in the area, without hesitation.
3	I rate it at a 3 only because there is still more to be seen once the construction of the other restaurants/shops is complete. However, from what I saw, this place is really nice and fancy. I loved the cute little village feel. It kind of reminded me of being somewhere in like Europe. I was impressed that they hold an indoor farmer's market every Saturday. I could see why they do it indoor...the heat of Las Vegas is scorching in the summer time.
4	Nice to walk around, bring the kids to the water park place by the kids playground.
5	Tivoli Village is beautiful. Spent Mother's Day there and enjoyed the spectacular architectural design of all the buildings and cobblestone streets, it is gorgeous. Ate at Brio Tuscan Grille and this is a very nice restaurant. Charming Charlie was my favorite shop. I plan to go back and spend the day walking around and taking pictures, Summerlin has a gem in the desert with this shopping experience.
3	It's beautifully built and they have lots of good restaurants here and events, but that's it, I have no other reason to go here, there's not a lot of shops and what they do have are specialty. The Farmers market is a draw but that's only open Saturdays. We've only been here a few times, but it looked like a ghost town when we were there.
3	I arrived for my first visit Saturday morning and the farmer's market was in full swing. There were lots of people milling about outside, and a good number of stalls. A few hours later, after window shopping and eating at the pizza shop, the walk back to the parking garage was like strolling through a very hot updated (Italian) ghost town. I'm glad my first impression was of the bustling market, or I probably would never go back.
5	I love this place! Great place to shop or meet with freinds just to hangout and socialize.. This is your ultimate casual luxury experience in the summerlin area.. I came here just to kill time and chilled at Leone cafe! it was awesome! love how they have a farmer's mark
2	Total disappointment, I was expecting something really cool, like town square or the grove....or even La Centra like in Katy, TX...but NOPE, charming charlies is okay, but really over priced, the resturants are nice, but I'd rather go into Boca Park next door.Hopefully they'll lower their overhead to get more stores in there!
3	I would totally give this place 5 stars IF there were people here. Place is gorgeous and reminds me of the grandeur that was Rome prior to the economy out here going South in a hurry.  There's only like 4 restaurants and maybe 100 people in the whole complex max, at least that was how it was when we went there.  It definitely has potential!  I made a 20 mile trip out there just to see it, parked, got out the car, walked around for 10 mins max, got back in the car and left.There was no real shopping either, there's like maybe 3 retail stores for woman and that's all I encountered.
3	I don't really care for the selection of shops at Tivoli Village. Not much there strikes my interest. The area is very well designed though and looks quite lovely. My favorite part of Tivoli Village is the weekly farmers market.
4	It took a long time before Tivoli Village finally got finished.  I live around the corner, so for years they promised this awesome retail establishment.  Actually, if I remember correctly, the original plan called for condos, too, which sounded like an awesome place to live if the retail part lived up to the hype.  A year (or two?) later and Tivoli is a decent spot, especially for happy hour.I go to Brio pretty regularly for happy hour, and I just tried Bottles & Burgers yesterday.  Still haven't tried Petra's happy hour, and I think the now open Kabuki has a happy hour, not sure.  Every non-restaurant business here is pretty useless to me, and to most of my friends as well.  The lone exception is the Dog House, which is probably the best pet store I've ever been in.  Nice staff, and my ex's finicky dog actually enjoys the organic rabbit jerky they sell here.
3	Eh.I was so excited to eat here and I am kinda disappointed. We went on a Friday night at 9 pm and there were just a handful of customers. There were so many waiters and bussers and bartenders though. What really annoyed me about them was that they were hanging out with each other a lot. Now don't get me wrong, I am not anti getting along with co-workers or having fun at work, but it just seemed like their conversations were first and their job was second. And the hostess...ugh. This girl unfortunately suffers from frozen-face syndrome. When we entered she "greeted" us and took us to our table. And like the other reviews I read the menus were somewhat dropped on the table. After picking up the menus I see why it is such a loud display when given your menu; they are made out of metal. If you know your menus are made out of metal and are super heavy, just place them on the table or wait until the customers are seated and hand them the menu. Geez. Could this restaurant please pay this girl to smile?Our waiter was the bartender from the bar. He was great but we actually had to wait a lot for everything because he was bartending and taking care of other tables.OK now to the food.I got the 16 block burger and it was sssssssoooooooooo good. Perfect. That brioche bun makes it highly satisfying. My husband ordered a bacon burger that had short ribs. He said it was too salty. Your food doesn't come with fries so you have to order them. We got an order of regular and an order of sweet potato.I guess I'll come back. Not sure when though.
3	Have you ever noticed the store/brand that is in all the Pixar movies called Buy-n-Large? That is what Tivioli Village feels like to me. Like all these stores and restaurants are the same brand made in the same factories and distributed by the same company. It didn't help my theory that the first time I visited was like a super hot day in the middle of the summer with nobody in the whole place, but it's kind of a weird locale. I'm guessing it's like everything and the economy tanked before there was really a chance to get this place hopping.I do love the Americanized Rome feel, though. Especially at sunset, it feels magical. I like it up here but it's kind of a haul from Henderson and there's not that much in the way of shopping to justify the trip.
4	This place has been open now for a while, haven't stopped in to look around, but this Sunday morning, we had nothing else planned.  We knew there wasn't much in the way of shopping, mostly some restaurants, but a quiet morning stroll allows us to check out menus and get a look at the venue.  We had already eaten, so we weren't there for food, but we were tempted by the yogurt, but decided to skip the temptation.  Lots of interesting food and shops, still a growing center, and looking forward to seeing what it will become.
5	I came to Tivioli for the farmers market, it is amazing!  Walking through the shops and restaurants on a warm Saturday morning with a cup of Joe, how can you not be relaxed!  This shopping center makes you feel like you are out of town not in Vegas.  They have quite a bit of different shops from clothing to oils.  Also has a great valet service with an option for a car wash!
4	@tivolivillagelv is the perfect place for a night stroll on a gorgeous night in Vegas!I found myself at Tivoli Village after watching a movie at a nearby movie theatre in Summerlin. Tivoli Village is a new shopping venue near Summerlin and 11 miles from the Strip. Tivoli Village is really nice. It has several restaurants, luxury shops, cute boutiques and a market place. At night time, they have beautiful trees that are lit up with colorful lights- red, blue, green and my favorite color - pink! The pink trees actually were the more abundant of the colored trees. Aside from the trees, there are nice bright string lights hanging across the gorgeous buildings. There is also a giant water fountain near the marketplace. The whole place has a Medeterranian feel to it. There were several folks when we went but it was not too busy. I actually liked that it wasn't too crowded because it gave a nice, calm atmosphere all around and one could just enjoy a beautiful night in Vegas.I love that there is another nice shopping spot in Summerlin. I love that it gives several options for shopping and eating with all the cute boutiques, shops and eateries. Most of all I love the simple beauty that this place has to offer.  Shop, eat and look up at the stars :).
5	Cheers to Chocolate event sponsored by The Easter Seals!This was a Fabulous event for a great cause indeed! I would like to thank Yelp for our donation sponsorship!The night was alive with laughter, music, wine and chocolate just a few of my favorite things!Upon signing in and getting our cute gift wine bag with wine glass compliments of Total Wine & More. We started on our way with our taste tray and wine glass ready to fill up with goodies to try.The wines I sampled this evening were, Elderton Friends Shiraz Cabernet 2009, Tenuta di Renieri Chianti Classico 2007, Red Decadence Chocolate wine and  Pisano Torrontes Rio de Los Pajaro 2011. A big thank you to Winery Direct and Total Wine for providing the great selection of red and white wine for us to sample.Also among the festivities and generous samples we enjoyed treats from the following vendors that I would like to thank!Marcello's BiscottiPopcorn girlAltourReal waterEdible ArrangementsNothing Bundt cakesGodivaVonsVosges ChocolatView Wine bar & KitchenTaste MarketParmida HomeCupkates by KateBrio Tuscan GrilleLeone CafeThank you to the Easter Seals for putting on this event for such a great cause. We really enjoyed this event in every way possible including the wonderful music provided by The Phat Pack as they were incredible!Thank you as well to Tivoli Village
2	1. This place is far.2. The parking garage is strange. We had no clue how to find it til we just went down some tunnel. I'm guessing they need more signage.3. It's far.4. The only shops/restaurants that interested me here were: Brio and The Market. One of which, you can get at Town Square already....so why travel so far! Might as well go to Red Rock Casino area and eat/shop around there/that area.5. Did I mention that it's far!
2	I'm not completely sure why this particular shopping area has such a high review. I've been here a handful of times and can honestly say since its conception not much has happened to make it anymore interesting to me than it was before.Sure, the "market" is a fun romp to look at stuff no one is actually going to buy. Let's see - weird art I will never put in my house, odd doggy boutique, cheese/wine bar I was a bit interested in, but I wasn't hungry, and a speckling of other "trendy/unique" shops I will never spend my money in.Next are restaurants, none of which I have been in except for the Cafe Leone, which I actually do like because any beverage I've ordered from there has been perfectly fine.The other stores in here are sparse and honestly boring. And on another note - I can go to other, much more interesting shopping centers and find these exact same stores.In conclusion, no thanks to Tivoli Village, unless I happen to go back to eat cheese and wine someday.
3	If you want to get away from all the hustle and bustle, this is the place to go to. This is a smaller and quite version of Town Square. I like that there is a lot of local spots. The Marketplace is very spacious. On the first floors there is a little cafe. On the second floor, you will find your local boutiques and a bar. I like how there are benches outside of the store where the kids can sit and color. There are not that many stores like Town Square. They do have a Kabuki's and Brio Tuscan Grille like Town square. Overall its ok. I live in the SW side of LB an its an inconveinient for me to drive out there. I think this place is best suited for people who live on the North Side, who just what to go somewhere quiet.
4	This place is gorgeous....even the elevators had marble/granite slate on the walls!  Impressive to say the least....I really enjoyed their kids area too!  Lots of cool things the kids can play and get into, and plenty of seating area too for the parents.  Nice way to burn off some steam.The restaurants looked good from the outside, but since we had dinner plans, we didn't look into them much.  I did notice one had free champagne and champagne cocktails for ladies during happy hour...so we will be back soon hopefully!  They had a fro-yo looking ice cream place too, and some other goodies.Only negative was the shops didn't interest us much.  It is a bunch of small businesses, most I have never heard of, and the styles and prices (lol) weren't attractive to us.  The kids clothing shop sold t shirts and clothes for $78!  A little too rich for my tastes...but they might be just right for you :)On a side note, I witnessed valet destroy someone's wheel, introducing it into the curb and rashing the entire thing on a brand new Jaguar.  They did notify the owners, but beware!  Accidents do happen, but that reminded me of why I enjoy parking my car with custom/expensive wheels myself lol
4	Looking to get away from Las Vegas for just a moment?  In my opinion, Tivoli Village is one of the few places where you can completely forget that you're in the valley of sin.  Tivoli Village isn't necessarily a hot spot in Las Vegas, but it's definitely a luxurious and classy mini-town that should not be overlooked.  Filled with small shops, boutiques, restaurants, and even business offices (upstairs), Tivoli Village to me has always been a perfect place to take a stroll with good company.  On the westside of Tivoli Village is a handful of chairs and tables where I feel is the best spot in regards to people watching, relaxing, or to finish that great conversation you're having with someone.  After kicking back for awhile, you can then stroll towards the center where sometimes a live band is performing.  It doesn't cost anything to have a great time at Tivoli Village. All it cost is your time, which doesn't mean much when you're under all the beauty and lights that Tivoli Village has to offer. TIP:  Daytime serves this place no justice.  If you visit, do it at night when the lights shine bright like a diamond. Absolutely beautiful!!
3	This is a very odd addition to the outdoor shopping places in Las Vegas.  It has an Italian Piazza theme and mostly stores I wouldn't shop at.  It is very limited in their choices.  I would like to enjoy it more on a nice day.  When we went here it was cold and very windy.  You can count the patrons with your fingers.  I am not sure if this place gets packed but I felt so uncool being there.  Haha!  One place I am curious to go try when we go back is Angelo Sosa's restaurant.  I am a big Top Chef fan so I would like to try his food.  The co-op stores in the second floor is nice and eclectic.  I like that they have an indoor farmers market.  With the winds or the sweltering heat, this is a great idea.  I think this is a weird addition to the shopping places in Las Vegas.  With their limited selection of shops and restaurants, I would go to Town Square over Tivoli Village any time.
4	I think my initial review was disappointment in expecting something it wasn't meant to be. It's not really a mall and won't be. I like to think of it like a strip mall in that it has places to eat and such just like Boca next door, but more gorgeous and meant for us to stop and enjoy a stroll. I can't really think of many places I just take it easy at and perhaps that was my initial problem with this place. It just so happened I was in the right headspace, with lunch in mind, then got strolling through new shops, a little cigar break that got me thinking - " Hey! This is kinda nice ". So I guess what I'm saying, is don't come here salty and in "go" mode.If the regular things are not enough, there are some events that happen here too. Fresh 52 Farmers Markets is a indoor market on Saturday mornings until 1pm. A Home for Spot and Las Vegas Valley Hot-Diggity Dachshund Club and Rescue will host weekly pet adoptions from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m on Sundays in front of Shaggy Chic, There's a lot of live entertainment here, which I had no clue about! Now that I do I definitely will be coming to see a performance and chill. Here's the performances available : http://www.tivolivillagelv.com/?event-offer=complimentary-live-entertainment I also heard Bradley Ogden restaurant is opening, among other things. Lots of the businesses are local, so support your locals! Now that's its getting nice, I really need to reconsider how to spend a afternoon. I'm always in this area, but never in here and that will change. Maybe you should too. It's rather quiet... and there are stuff worth supporting.
3	A quaint little Mediterranean style shopping village in the heart of Summerlin.A nice place to have a drink or two after work or shopping. The shops are trendy and a little expensive.  parking is confusing . . .they need more  signs directing you to the parking area.
4	I stumbled upon this place a few months ago and it truly is a cute place to spend the afternoon. Don't Miss: ***For the dog lovers: SHAGGY CHIC Check them out for an awesome dog groom. My pug gets a facial, cut, wash, and pedicure for about $50  here!! ***CHARMING CHARLIE: Once you walk into this place, girly-girls are in heaven!! It has a ton of variety of fashion jewelry and accessories for cheap. I got two earring/necklace sets, A bracelet, a summer dress and a sparkly hair thing for about $40. ***CUCINA OLIVE OIL: Sample some olive oil/bread. I didn't buy any, but it sure tasted awesome! Hit or Miss:***RITUAL SALON & SPA: I am torn on this place. I visited only to kill some time while my pug got groomed... They did get me in for a Pedicure last minute. They don't do acrylic nails, so I couldn't get my hands done here. It was $80 for a pedicure. It was nice... But $80 for a pedicure is about 4 times the average vegas price! They do not have massage chairs, but the nail techs are extremely nice. I would say hit this place up for your hair or a nice massage, but skip it for pedicures because of the price. They only use Bubble & Bumble products for your hair, which I love! It was a decent pedicure, but it was at least double the price of what it should have been.
4	This place is very cool! Prices seem to be a little steep at some of the places, but can't expect much less from a fancy place. No big deal, though. I do LOVE the Fresh 52 Farmer's market that is there every weekend.
5	No doubt this is Las Vegas's best kept secret. hey are so involved with the community and do so many cool things like concerts and shows, albeit, they do not have a ton of stores yet (supposedly they are expanding hence all the construction) but the place is beautiful! Really! and all the restaurants are top notch along with the stores. It is dog friendly and there are awesome playgrounds for kids. This shopping center is bound to be the next best thing in vegas if they would just open more stores and finish their construction.
4	Driving by, I saw a "Charming Charlie" store which I heard about, so I wanted to check this outdoor "mall" out.  This is a charming place with several nice restaurants. I would like to check these out next time I'm in town.  It was really hot the day I went but there are some other nice retail stores there too like Brighton, etc.   I'll definitely come back!Note:  The parking lot is a bit dark even during the day.  For ladies, I would recommend walking in with a friend and parking as close to the elevator as possible.  I hope the management adds additional lighting.
5	Tivoli Village is located on Fort Apache just South oh the I-215. It nice collection of shops and restaurants. There is a Kabuki and an Echo & Rig there. They also have a wine bar that I have not tried yet, but I have heard great things about. They even opened a David Barton gym there.Tavoli Village has been a great addition to Summerlin. It offers you a variety of places to relax and enjoy yourself on this side of town.
5	Great Event for Easter Seals Tonight at Tivoli Village.  CONGRATULATIONS to Melanie Bash and her Team!!!Make a $50 donation to Easter Seals of Nevada and get a $50 gift certificate for dental or facials at Four Seasons Dental & Med Spa. BOGO for charity:)
5	one word... carpaccio ~  the best!
5	What a great experience! So much fun!Went to Tivoli Village when they had both a farmers market and Yelp event: chili cook-off and pie eatin contest. A very upscale little planned neighborhood of boutique shops, the village had a bazaar on most of the streets, with food vendors and artisans sporting their wares amongst a mini petting zoo and a couple of fun cover bands. Very low key, very anti-Strip and very, very enjoyable.It was a happy accident to discover this part of Las Vegas this trip, but it will be a planned stop during my next stay.
3	Tivoli Village.....what's so good about Tivoli Village?? + good people watching. Grab a coffee drink from Leone Cafe, find a bench somewhere and just people watch. Or it's great to just sit down, relax, and soak up the moment. Honestly, when the weather is great...this place is beautiful to just sit and realize how good life can be.+As mentioned above, Leone Cafe. Very, very delicious coffee/espresso drinks. Hot or iced, you can't go wrong with their beverages.+Charming Charlie accessory store and women's clothing store, ANGL. Check these stores out. Ladies...you'll love it!!!+Never a problem with parking. It's an underground parking garage and there's always plenty of spaces.So other than Charming Charlie's, ANGL, and Leone Cafe...this place is pretty empty and....boring. They really need to add more shops in here.
2	As an inhabitant of Summerlin I really want to like Tivoli Village, but in an area with no shortage of shopping both local and nationally branded I just don't see what this place has to offer beyond that which is available all over town - a collection of 'celebrity' chefs whose celebrity pales compared to the strip, a few chain restaurants, and overpriced wine bars not dissimilar to that on the strip.  Pair all this with convoluted parking and yuppies plus their kids and I'd sooner just drive down to the strip for better food, similar prices, more selection, and vastly superior people watching.  Perhaps a visit to Poppy Den or Echo & Rig will change my mind, but I'm not rushing to either anytime soon - once again, better versions of similar things beckon on Las Vegas Boulevard.
3	Tivoli Village, where do I start....I really want to love Tivoli Village, I do, but I just find the place ok.  This mall has some good things going for it and I hope it evolves into something even better.Here are the highlights:1. Lots of easy parking.  They have valet service, street parking, and an underground garage.  It makes it easy to get in and out without having to search for a parking spot for ages.  The street parking is super cool too because it is FREE!  No parking meters to deal with.  Yay!2. Lots of different restaurants.  I have visited several different restaurants and have found that they have a lot of variety to choose from.  I love to eat, so this is a good thing for me!3. There seems to be more and more new places coming in and opening up.  It's always nice to see new businesses anywhere in the valley.4. They have a very nice playground here.  It has a lot of different things for kids of many ages to play with.  There are also a lot of seating and even picnic tables in the gated area.  It is a nice place to hang out with your kiddos.And the not so good things, in my opinion:1. I think there could be some more faster food options, especially by the playground.  Restaurants are awesome, but when you have a crazy monkey who won't sit down more than 10 minutes, it does not make a fun lunch outing for Mommy.  My mini me isn't really into eating, so having some fun grab and go joints or maybe hook up with a fun food truck to hang out in the area would be a big improvement.  It would be nice to grab a hot dog or sandwich and walk around with my little one.2. Get more variety of stores.  I have walked around many times and I rarely see a store I actually want to go inside and look around.  I'm not a crazy shopaholic, but I do like to look around fun stores and find neat-o items that I must have.  I just don't really get that vibe from most of the stores in Tivoli Village.  So it is a okay mall and you should check it out.  I really do hope it gets even better in the upcoming days.
5	I remember when they started building this place.  I was so excited for a shopping mall to be across the street from ( even though there is boca park) the picture they had showing how the finishing look is going to be had me excited and once they open I remember thinking how nice it looks but now I don't even come here much. I believe they are still going to expand it because it's not finished yet.  They have this Hawaiian(I believe to be) place that was great food. Definitely worth coming to check it out at least once.
3	I have been wanting to come to Tivoli Village for many months now and finally got to come here today to check it out.  The place is absolutely beautiful and classy.  I feel like I am in an urban environment or in a world class international city.There were some key areas that caused this to be a 3 star:a. Useful Stores - Not sure what was so useful at this place to go shopping.  Lots of beautiful places to shop from clothes, wine and etc, but really, what would I buy here? You can absolutely google all the top end shops they have here, but judging from the lack of people carrying shopping bags, and the lack of anyone in the stores, I am a bit dismayed at the stores and their attraction.b. Restaurants - Now they had some very nice choices of restaurants from Pizza, Japanese, Mexica,  Italian to a Cafe, this seems to have plenty of choices of very classy places to eat.  I just felt that these were not your "go-to" places.  The name brand of Kabuki Japanese and Brio are well known and Kabuki is just okay and Brio is a great chain.  Why not bring restaurant here that is going to draw people here? c.  Parking - Now the parking and Valet here are definitely 5 star.  Just hard to imagine my Prius here when the Lamborghini, the Audi R-8, and the Bentley are all in the same line. But the self parking and the valet are top notch.The overall problem with Tivoli Village is that it seems to, on the surface have a great vision and style, and then when you pierce this surface to really see what there is to enjoy, not too much.  This place is basically a facade.  Perhaps when phase two is done, it will have much better places to try out!GK says, a great place to hang and enjoy the ambiance, however, for substance, there are many other places to go.
5	What a great place to walk around away from the strip. You truly feel like a local when in the shopping center. Such great restaurants and stores to shop in. My girlfriends brother is thinking about getting married here as the theme being a weekend in the life of a local. Definitely recommend coming out here when visiting vegas.
5	I love this area!  While the shopping could still use further improvement, the restaurants are boss and the drinking is great!  I love the atmosphere as it's very low key but tends to draw a high end crowd.  I highly recommend coming by on the weekend to check out the farmers market.  While easy to miss, it's definitely worth checking out The View wine bar and the neat shops around it.
5	This is a really nice center for family, friends, and just to have an overall good time. I live in Summerlin and I haven't found a nicer hangout spot. There are various events going on during the weekends including car shows, halloween parties, and culinary/ farmers market weekend. It is a great place to go and has some nice restaurants to eat at.
5	This is a great shopping & dining area.  Love the Farmer's Market on Saturdays!  Great variety of stores & love Poppy Den, Crepe, View Bar, Brio & Cafe' Leon.  Parking in garage is convenient & always find plenty of spaces.  Easy access from Summerlin Parkway, or when coming from Charleston/Rampart.  Much more convenient than Boca Park to meet friends due to parking, then can walk to stores easily without going through a parking lot.  Only takes me 25 minutes to get to from Green Valley (most days that I come).  The culture & vibe here is young, good for families and/or just a relaxing afternoon.
3	Tivoli village is not exactly what I expected! Perfect to walk around when the weather is nice but gets old pretty fast. Definitely geared for an older crowd. Still has some top notch restaurants but not sure it's worth the 30 min drive from the strip
1	Came here because one of my friends lives around the area.  The day we came to eat at Brio, there were protesters all over the center, I guess because the center does not use union employees or something.  This was not a good impression on the center.  Beautiful buildings and great setup, but stores were very slow.  Each store we visited, only one of two people browsing.  Owners did a great job with the look of the center so not sure why people don't shop here, maybe because of the protesters?
4	I really love Tivoli Village for a few reasons.1. Underground parking with multiple elevators to get right where you want.2. Saturday farmers market with a few things I can't get in any store so I start my weekend early and pleasantly and then can run the rest of my errands the balance of the day.3. Live music during farmers market4. Really pleasant evening to have dinner (I recommend Echo & Rig) and then walk to the cigar lounge and enjoy live music and a drink and/or cigar (indoor and outdoor seating)5. If you have kids... there's  a playground with some really fun looking things.Overall, Tivoli Village is fairly small in terms of shopping but it's pleasant to walk around and although I haven't been to any events I'm sure they are going to have them.  It's pretty and has space for music, etc.It's just a nice place to stop and shop and dine.
5	Saturday morning is the farmers market great to get fresh veggies and fruit.And the kids can play while u do a little shopping. They have alot of goodies. All natural stuff.
2	Decent shopping plaza with mostly higher end shopping and dining. I've tried two restaurants here and been underwhelmed both times, and other than the Charming Charlies, the boutiques here are overpriced and very hit or miss.It's an attractive shopping area, and parking garage lets you access the store via escalator, but there's nothing here to make me want to visit particularly often.Cool design, trendy feel, but needs some better businesses to anchor it and bring in traffic.
5	We drove by this place several times after moving into Summerlin and we were mesmerized by the dramatic architecture and glowing trees. Our curiosity had us back here one night walking and exploring the village. We walked from the parking area from the back side and saw many highly rated restaurants. There are also a few boutique clothing shops that sell accessories for woman, juniors, and misses. They are all next to each other, so it's easy to take a stroll and browse the shops. We made our way towards the center of the village where the quaint coffee shop Leone Cafe is and grabbed an iced vanilla latte and then continued our exploration.There is also a large raised dance deck in the middle of the village that they host community events at, such as: salsa under the stars, movies, kid friendly events, dog friendly events and many other community focused events. This village fairly small, but we loved the sparkling lighting at night, the soft music that came out of the speakers hidden in the trees and the focal point of the raised dance floor deck. It's a gorgeous little shopping and restaurant village. We also noticed that they are planning on expanding and adding more stores! I can't wait! It's a breath of fresh air here and it didn't even feel like we were in Vegas anymore.
5	This is a great place to bring the family for a little getaway from the city. The architecture is gorgeous--a very European feel. My two favorite places to eat here, anytime of the day, would be Brio (Italian) and Kabuki (Japanese). On the weekends they hold a wonderful farmers market... Everything from local produce to hand-made items. They also have live music, face painting for kids, & valet for the adults... Lol. And even better, for those of us with little ones they have a section gated off just for the kids. Shaded with tables & seating... The kids park is a great option for some free playtime. Oh, and don't forget to check the website... They have free movie nights for kids. Note** The bathrooms are right next to the kids park and very nice & most importantly clean! -B
5	I went here today and I loved it. They have a lot of cute unique boutique shops that you don't find anywhere else around town. I take it back they have a brio and a kabuki but those places are delicious.I love how they have covered parking! They have a parking garage and that is perfect for Vegas. I really have to consider how hot it is and covered parking will bring me back.All the shops we stopped by have such sweet staff so it was a pleasure spending a couple hours here.Lastly they have a little kids park! It is cute and clean with unique play things.I love everything about the place. They even black off the streets so you don't have to watch out for cars.
5	Pretty small for a shopping center but has some really great stores and a great sushi place called Kabuki.  They also have a David Barton Gym there, which I covet.  I love that the valet will wash your car inside and out for you.  Really is nice after a great sushi lunch and browsing some of the upscale clothing stores to get into a nice clean car.
5	We love going to Tivoli Village. We've been performing there for a few years now and every time they have been very gracious. We have our Camp Rocks! Summer Music Day Camp concert there this Friday, June 20th, at 6pm. We have 7 talented kids who will rock the stage after only 2 weeks together as a group. The concert is free and open to the public.
4	This outdoor mall concept presents a nice opportunity for a nice evening. Good mix of different ethnic restaurants and high end shopping. Though charming Charlie's is well priced.
5	Nice west side spot, very nice architecture But it pretty high end and expensive. Valet is filled with very expensive high end cars. So if you pockets are small I would not recommend this place. But if you can handle the expense it filled with a whole mess of different bars and restaurants. They have coffee, shopping and engender a play ground for the kids. There is even a super high end gym there. My recommendations are guacamole at cantina laradeo
5	I love this place!! I love their Farmer's Market on Saturdays and I love their Salsa Under the Stars events!! Great place for a date, to be with family or to take your kids down to the playground.
4	My husband and I had visited Tivoli back when it first opened.  There were very few shops and virtually no restaurants at the time (Save for Brio - which we could visit at -much closer to us- Town Square).  Years later we have returned and I was pleasantly surprised! There are now several restaurants open.  We selected the brand new - Made L.V. which was great.  I noted multiple other restaurants that I am excited to try including a Mexican cantina and a wine bar.  Most of the shops at Tivoli are unique upscale boutiques.  I will be returning, without my husband, to do a little shopping.  Finally, the playground is great.  It was partially shaded by the surrounding building and we sat outside while our 8 month old busied herself on the lawn. We live in Henderson so Tivoli is quite the hike but this place is charming and well worth the drive.
5	Don't have anything special planned for a day off or a weekend with out of towners visiting you?...come walk around this place for a couple hours. It's a beautiful place to walk around, window shop, grab a bite to eat. There is a playground for the kids, and "they" host 'movies at the park'.
5	Love this restaurant.  Everything is good.  Eating outside this time of year on their patio is amazing.  Try theLasagna.
5	An elegant, small shopping and dining venue that I wish would catch on a bit better. It's much more tasteful and appealing than Downtown Summerlin. It also has ample parking and easy access.If you're looking for a classy shopping experience in a mall that's easy to navigate and has great restaurants, check out Tivoli Village.
5	Getting my hair done blonde by Tammy & Maria at Rituals Hair Salon. Love these ladies.
4	I loved happy hour I got an apple martini and a dish for only 12 bucks. The food was great and the service was nice. Our waitress was a little clumsy but she made it up with her attentiveness and her personality. I will go back soon!
5	This is one of our favorite spots to go in LV. The shopping mall has been done so well.When we have out of town guests, we always bring them here for food -so many good restaurants! Seriously, just look at the yelps for any of them. This is a dining hot spot!LOVE Saturday Open Market. OK, they call it farmers market, but we are originally from CA and a farmers market for me has tons of fresh local produce. Well we are in the desert, insert logic here. But what you do get on Saturdays at Tivoli is a ton of locally made food artisans, and their tasty products. We love it! Homemade organic nut butters, amazing regular or gluten free baked goods, incredible homemade spice rubs, fresh tamales, etc, etc, etc. SO GOODThe stores- There is a little something for everybody. It is filled with both local and non-local boutiques. Price points are from affordable to $$$. It is honestly made for all of us! And don't miss the 2nd floor shops! A bunch of adorable, local merchant stores upstairs. You can get up through the creperie (which is delicious BTW) or a new set of stairs a few doors down from it, towards the playground. Oh, yes. They have a playground too!If you have never checked out this little Summerlin Gem- I highly recommend it!
4	Tivoli Village is very far from my Henderson home, but on this day we were checking out the farmers market that happens on Saturday's. Dyanna, her man Brent and I found excellent parking across the street at the Suncoast. We just parked and walked across the street because all the parking at Tivoli Village was full up! Normally Tivoli Village has a parking lot as well as underground parking.We first came across a little petting zoo. They had the cutest hedgehog and kangaroo. This section was geared more towards younger kids. As we walked on we saw the Culinary School's booth. It was beautiful. They were doing a live demonstration of how to carve fruit and veggies into flowers and things. Such a cool thing to watch. Then we came across the Yelp booth. We of course came when Nate had just walked away. But we did end up running into Niyen who had just finished the pie eating contest and was super full!On we went they had live music, tons of other booths with yummy and interesting food items. By this time we were getting hungry. We were originally going to eat at MadeLV, but with the farmers market going on we never actually found it. So we decided to try Diamond Head Grille and Rotisserie. Brent and I both got the Lunch Plate Special which came which half of their famous Huli Chicken, rice and Cran-Mac salad and Dyanna picked the Gourmet Street Tacos. The chicken was tasty, but I felt the rice needed some sort of sauce. The Cran-Mac was given in a tiny cup and was pretty tasteless. For the price I expected better food. I regretted my choice and wished I'd gotten tacos like Dyanna. We walked around a bit after eating and checked out some other booths. The Farmers market along with all resturants and shops in Tivoli Village makes a long day of shopping. It's a great family spot as well. In the middle of the shops they have a large playground to let the kids run around. I even noticed lots of people with their dogs which I loved. The prices are high, but its Summerlin so I expected it. But just to walk around and have lunch it wasn't to expensive. Plus with the company I had, the atmosphere and great weather we were having that weekend it was a perfect time. What a great weekend outing.
4	I have been going here since it opened a few years ago. I have a love hate relationship with this place. It seems to have SOOO MUCH potential...but it falls short. I use to only visit when I wanted to get something from Pandora or Charming Charlie's. But then they started opening up a lot of restaurants. But it seemed like as soon as they would open a restaurant it would close. A number of stores and restaurants have closed or relocated. And this is the main reason why I can not give a 5 star rating. I do love how it seems to be very family oriented. Over the summer they have movies in the park. Which is so much fun! They also have a farmers market on the weekends along with live music. I am a frequent Tivoli goer...but I'm always scared to completely commit and fall in love with it because business close frequently. Maybe I just have trust and commitment issues...lol
1	Overdone everything: ornate decor, scents, music, pretension. And of course, overpriced shops and services. To me, this over-the-top shopping mall embodies all that is wrong with Las Vegas. Your mileage may vary.The fact that there are more doggy stations than restrooms is telling.
