5	With an abundance of $1.75 cleaners it's hard to justify paying $3.25 more to get the same piece of clothing cleaned elsewhere however if you want your clothes to be taken care of and dry cleaned properly it's totally worth it. I love Dan Dee cleaners and would take my things there more often if it wasn't so out of the way for me. A really nice couple runs this place and I've always had great customer service. It's been around for a long time and every time I've been in I've seen a lot of service workers' uniforms-they likely have a great rep by word of mouth alone which speaks volumes. If you're taking your clothes to a cleaners they're probably pieces that a) you spent a little extra on and b) want to last because you did pay a little extra for them. So put up a couple extra dollars and take them to Dan Dee-they'll really take care of your clothes and help you make them last as you'd like!
5	I have been a fan of Dan Dee Dry Cleaners for about 20 years.Mr. & Mrs Lee the owners are extremely very pleasant people.They are the best cleaners with fair prices.  My husband and Iare very satisfied..  The owners take great pride in their work andthe service is fantastic.  I would not take my clothing to any othercleaners in Las Vegas.  Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Lee.
5	Hand down the best cleaners!!!  We were heading out of town and I realized I forgotTo get my husbands suit clean. I was in a panic! Our usual cleaners takes a few days and we were leaving the next day at 3. My husband told me a friend recommended Dan Dee cleaners. I asked him if he was sure because it's in the middle of a not so great area of Las Vegas.Bright and early the next morning I went. Mr. Lee has to be the nicest man I have ever met in my life!! I have never been to a cleaners where they took the time to check all the buttons and clasps before cleaning it. They have same day service in by 10am out by 4pm. I asked if it could be ready by 2pm. And he said yes but they charge a rush fee. I said no problem I was expecting a fee of like $10. It was only $2. It is a bit pricey when you are used to paying only $4 per suit and I paid $12.50  total. Man oh man were they nice and attentive. And the suit came out excellent!! They do accept credit and debit cards.
5	Dan Dee is the best. They've been around forever and have been my family's go to dry cleaning service for many years. The owners are a couple and they are very nice. You always walk away feeling happy after dropping off your dry cleaning! I also dry clean my husband's Air Force uniform here, so, honestly it's a place where you can trust your clothes won't go missing.In this fast paced world it's nice to find a simple place like this where you trust the owners and enjoy every experience you have. It may just be dry cleaning, but hey, it's important!
5	The most courteous business in LV! If you need anything tailored or repaired bring it here they do great work, and perfect dry cleaning!
5	Dan Dee has recently undergone some changes. Mr. Lee and his wife are no longer running the store. I am not sure what has happened to them, but I have heard some rumors. Fortunately, a family member of theirs is still running the place, so it's still in the family, which is nice.The customer service is still great, and the gentleman running the front end has installed a computer cash register (no more hand-written slips). You get a printed out receipt from the cash register when you leave. They also now have customer database you can be placed in. Most recently I dropped off some business clothing I needed for an interview. All three pieces came out beautifully. When I eventually leave Las Vegas I will be on the look out for a dry cleaner like Dan Dee.
2	This place used to be a deal I guess by the old reviews but now it's not, you call and get quoted a price then walk in and they give you a different price.  12.50 for a suit and they have it ready in 3-4 days 7.50 for a single suit jacket is a rip off in my book when all they are doing is steaming it and comes back with lint balls and loose threads,  the guys English is hard to understand
