3	Great movie spot.  They need to put a kiosk out front for people that don't want to wait in line for a movie though.  The small talk with everyone that buys a ticket kind of slows the line down.  I say the movie, give you the money, print my ticket, and NEXT... I don't need all of the small talk.Clean bathrooms, and no sticky floor issues whenever I go.They have a membership card that offers you discounts and free movies or concessions.  One of the best theaters in Charlotte.  Just speed up the ticket line on Friday & Saturday nights.
3	I've seen this theater change hands many times (about 3 different companies) and it's gotten a little better every time.  First, they added stadium seating, then they seemed to have improved their concessions, and the last management change seems to keep the theater pretty clean.This isn't my favorite place in Charlotte to watch movies, but it's the most convenient to my house.  Since they added the stadium seating as an afterthought, some of the theaters seem really long and narrow and the screens not wide enough.Still, this theater does the job, but I wish they would price the movies on the weekends accordingly.  If I am going to pay $10 for a movie, I will probably go to another theater (charging the same price) for more modern movie-going experience.
3	I'm late on this review!  A few weeks ago we saw Rise of the planet of the Apes here.  The last and only movie I have seen here was Elf.  Since then the Theater has gone down hill.  The best thing about this place is the Independent films they are screening here though fairly infrequently.
4	This theater is currently having a shadowcast in on the last Saturday of each month for The Rocky Horror Picture Show. It rocked my world. Enough said.
3	A-OK is a great description of this theater.  It could be a little nicer, prices could be a little lower (but I think that of all theaters), but it's not a bad place to catch a show.I have been here three times now.  The first time, we caught a late movie here on a Sunday night.  We ordered popcorn, and I didn't realize that you had to add your own butter at their little butter station.  The butter was either out or shut down for the night, which made for very bland popcorn eating.  The other two times were better, but I have not gone to the movie at a "peak" time on a Friday or Saturday.That being said, the chairs are reasonably comfy, the place is clean, and the workers are usually pretty friendly.  They have quite a lot of parking, so we have not ever had an issue with that.Probably it's not the best theater in Charlotte but it's convenient for me and they have decent theaters.
2	The staff was quite friendly, but seemed very confused. I got a Yelp coupon and they didn't know how to process it. It took a couple of managers to take care of it. My friend got the same thing, and they ended up just giving the tiny bag of popcorn for free with our drink purchases. So, score? Then we sat in our theater until 10 minutes after the movie was scheduled to start. The manager came in and told everyone there was a mix-up and our movie was in the theater next door, so most of the audience got up and moved over there. I was worried we might have missed some of the beginning of the movie. No worries there because.... Then about 25 minutes later, after some people went as asked the manager what the problem was, they got the movie rolling, or rather the trailers..... SO the movie started about 40 minutes late. I have had worse movie experience, but this was not the best. I wish them luck with the new theater opening down the road in Indian Trail.
3	This place is suuuper old! I think it's in need of a makeover or something close. I remember coming here when i was a kid. I came to watch a movie and the movie itself was amazing, the seats were okay. Some of the rows were missing arm rests. Weekdays are completely empty, as my movie was semi old (Amazing Spider Man). The staff was friendly however there weren't that many of them, and they were pretty blunt and it seemed like they were unhappy as I tried to get a laugh out of them and tried to joke around...no response.Anyways, I would still come here just because it's not too far from my house, however this is my second choice in movie theaters.
1	I am not sure why this theater is still open.  It requires a total overhaul.  I went for a show and I was turned off.  The place was very dirty, my shoe stuck to the floor, it smelled and I was bitten by a mosquito.  I do not recommend this place.
3	This place is a bit confusing to me. I'm all for retro... but this place is just odd. When I walked in I was expecting something maybe.. newer? nicer? I'm not sure. I'm definitely not a theater snob by any means, but this one was just surprising to me because the pricing is pretty much the same as your Cinnebarre or a traditional theater, but without all the benefits. The lobby is what throws you, and it seems smaller than what it actually is I think.. but it just reminded me of the old style of theaters without the old style pricing. Once I got in the theater, I felt better about it all. It's still the stadium seating that you see now a days as opposed to each row being the same height, but they also have armrests that move AND hold my bucket of pop!! The service was nice, there was no line for the tickets or the junk food, and they have my all time favorite service of buttering your own popcorn... or as I like to call it, the process of choosing how fat I want to be. :) YAY! It's the closest to home, and although it's not my fave, I'd still go back. A- OK is definitely the most appropriate rating for this spot.
1	Came here last night (Tuesday) to see the Great Gatsby. LOVED the film but on to the theatre.It smelled so musty and closed up. I've been to dollar movie theatres that have smelled nicer. A lot of trash on the floor so somebody was not doing their job. Seats need a general makeover- the fabric is torn completely on some of them. The screen had 2 rips in them which was pretty just annoying since it was near the center. Me and my friend were in the theatre with only 2 other people so it was nice not worrying about other people. I would never recommend this theatre to anyone. Paying $8 (yay student discount) for a theatre like this- UM NO.
4	I like Carolina Cinema Crown Point. The theater is a little older though, but it gets the job done. Movies are cheaper before 6:00pm then the price goes up. Snack foods are pricey but its like that everywhere. Love that I can put my butter on my popcorn, I'm the "Can you fill it half way so I can drench both halves in butter" type of person. The staff is friendly here, and its usually pretty clean. I've never had any issues and I use their loyalty card to get free concessions, and tickets.Also If you have kids, they offer free summer movies as well!http://www.carolinacinemas.com/charlotte/index.php
3	This theater plays all the recent and popular flicks. The prices are pretty much right up there with the other chains like Regal and AMC. However this theater could use some updating. The bathrooms are horrific; they smell terrible and are always trashed. I suggest going to the very back of the theater to use those reatrooms. The seats in the theater are sticky and have weird stains on them, and many of the arm rests are falling apart.  The best part about this theater is it shows indi films sometimes...so that's cool.
4	This is my favorite place to catch a "midnight" movie release or matinee because you can avoid the crowds of the big movies! This is a great hidden gem on the east side of town where there aren't too many options. They have recently renovated a few rooms by adding recliners and couches! Plus new concession selections that include beer ... I can't wait to see everything once it's finished. I'm looking forward to my next movie night.
5	Newly renovated theaters with leather recliners and meals/kitchen coming. Been going here for about 2 years and have seen the transformation. We have gone because the prices are comparable, not very crowded and digital projection, and not far from the house. Now that the renovations are rolling I'm excited to see if when it's finished.
4	On the right track! Obviously this theater saw some darker days, but my hats off to the owners for what is obviously a new lease on life. Still under construction, but saw my movie in a fully reclinable leather chair (also offer leather love seats with ottomans). Wait... It gets better! They sell beer! I wish I lived in Charlotte, I would be here weekly. Best of luck!
5	Amazing brand new renovations!!!!!! A longggg time coming for this place. Super comfy white leather recliners with attached swivel tray tables. Love seat recliners up front. Local Charlotte craft beer from OMB, Noda & Foothills for prices that can't be best! Wine on TAP! Full new kitchen & concessions with full menu & local Nova's Bakery providing fresh bread & pizza. TONS of gluten free & vegan options on the menu!! This place has outdone themselves! I'll be here a lot more now.
4	Thought this place was awesome. This was my first time going since the renovations were done. The staff was very friendly and facility was very nice. The chairs in the theater are amazing have never seen this in a theater before. Perfect for couples.
5	I live less than a mile from here, but I typically go to Cinebarre. This place was just never that nice or comfortable inside. We ended up here tonight because of convenience to see Catching Fire. Boy what a pleasant surprise we had! The inside is no longer under construction. The concession stand is now somewhat "trendy" feeling. The menu is on a chalkboard. They have an entire wall of draft beers. Food items are a little more upscale than your average movie theatre. The walls were redone with some gray wood to give it a newer look.The best part of the whole experience is the chairs! They are big comfy leather reclining chairs with electric button to recline. I have never in my life experienced such great chairs at a movie theater! They have a tray that moves back and forth to eat food off of. I will be coming back here next time I want to see a movie. I am really glad to see all of the new changes!
5	First time here.  I definitely will be back.  Staff was friendly.  Overall looked and felt clean along with the restroom(men's).  Seating was wonderful and very comfortable.
4	I loved going here when I was younger and now it's even better! This theater has been completely renovated and looks great. The recliner seats are super comfortable and the food selection is nice, albeit pricey. If you stopped coming here, please give it another chance!
5	This theater was recently renovated, and can I just say, WOW! Leather recliners, craft beer on tap and excellent food... I'll never pay $20 for a tub of crappy popcorn and a movie ticket in a regular theater again. My husband and I went here for a date night and we both had the turkey avocado sandwich with truffle fries and Green Man Porter. Everything was delicious, and the movie (Catching Fire) was pretty good too. ;)There's another theater in Charlotte that also serves food in the Epicenter. We've never been there, but I'm sure it's way more expensive since it's uptown. This gem is in the heart of Matthews, so it's reasonably priced, but the atmosphere feels just as good as an upscale uptown experience. Our server was also really nice. We chatted with him for a few minutes before going in to watch the movie. The leather seats in the theater recline, so you'll have to be careful not to fall asleep. It wasn't a problem for us, since the movie we went to see was pretty action-packed, but be warned: it is VERY comfy.
5	Very nice experience! Seats are so cumfy! They have customizable options to recline and you can lift up the middle part to cuddle too! Popcorn is $5 for a medium sized bag so prices aren't bad either. Will always be my go to movie theatre :)
5	Best movie theater in Charlotte !  Seats are large, leather and FULLY recline, be careful not to fall asleep (if the movie is bad).  Sound system and screen are excellent too. Wide array of food and beers to satisfy all tastes.Check it out, you'll like it.
5	Hands down, my new favorite movie theater. You can't go wrong with leather reclining couches, fitted with trays and cup holders for a delicious bite of food or a local favorite beer on tap.Yes, choose from approximately thirty taps of local beers plus more bottles than you have time to read through during the previews.Then, their good menu doesn't disappoint. I found their brussels sprouts and bacon a bit oily, but their truffle fries were an excellent substitute to boring ol' popcorn. For dinner, I recommend the pesto chicken pizza, with local dough made fresh by Nova's Bakery.Who cares what movie you come to see, the seating, food and beer will get two thumbs up!
