4	There's nothing I like more than a well marbled NY strip. OK - maybe a tender free range chicken. Any piece of meat I have purchased from Old Time has not let me down. Well, the Dietz & Watson deli meats are wonderful but still pale in comparison to Boar's Head (available at the IGA over on Mattis). It's all fresh, favorful and kosher! If your deep freezer is empty - you can save a ton when you buy in bulk.It's the local butcher shop me and my fiancee had been waiting for. And after three years of being open for business, Old Time Meat & Deli is rarely crowded and I can never figure out why. It's a good thing for customers in the know...
5	I first went looking for a good butcher shop after getting sick of the poor quality meat found in grocery stores. Every piece of meat I've had here has been delicious. They also have fish and some interesting game meats, though I haven't tried either.You can also get some lunch food here. If you are lucky enough to go by when they are smoking some meat in their outdoor pig-shaped grill, the smell is intoxicating. Their deli selection is small, but I find they have everything I need. The people here are very friendly, and you'll notice the same people working most of the time. It has a very nice local feel that beats going to a grocery chain hands down.
5	Ye Old Time Meat and Deli Shoppe is one of the only places in champaign that I have no reservations about giving 5 stars.  It is SPOTLESSLY clean inside, and full of tip top meats!  The staff have always been nice and helpful when I've been there, and I'm pretty sure it's the only place in CU that has rack of lamb.
5	Why did it take us so long to discover Old Time? It is amazing, I will never buy meat or fish at the supermarket again! I particularly like the knowledgeable staff, the smell of BBQ, and the extensive range of high quality products they sell. The best beef I have seen outside of Texas and New Zealand!
5	i don't even know where to start with old time meat and deli because i have too many good things to say about it. absolutely delicious cuts of all sorts of meat? check.employees who are helpful and actually know everything about their products? check.the best yeast rolls i have ever found anywhere? check.fresh bones for my dogs to chomp on? check.and the list goes on.....this is the only place in all of central illinois i will buy meat from. they get their meats and rolls (not deli meat) from local amish communities, and it is obvious that they take great pride in all that they sell.  every cut of meat i have had from here, whether it be ground chuck, a pork chop, spiral ham or rib-roast, has been absolutely amazing. and their bacon is to die for. the best bacon i have ever had. i'm drooling just thinking about it. yum.if you think you've been buying great cuts of meat from a grocery store in the c-u area, i will tell you you haven't and that it's time you visit old time and see what a quality piece of meat tastes like. you will never be disappointed.
5	This place is so awesome!  Very fresh cuts of meat, great customer service, knowledgeable employees, what more can you ask for?!  They are always willing to go the extra mile here.  On one occasion, I bought meat for a stir fry, and the employee offered to cut up the meat for me without me even having to ask.  Another time I was looking for salmon fillets and the fish had just gotten there and one of the employees cut me a fillet.  I highly recommend this place!
5	I am thrilled to death that this place exists.  They have a wide variety of meat and cheese products, most (all?) of which is produced locally.  Furthermore, said meat and cheese products are *delicious*.  Frankly, I think for what you're getting, their prices are very fair.  I went in and bought a package of thick-cut bacon (which was heavenly, by the way), a very large cut of choice filet, a pound of virginia ham, a half pound of provolone, and some beef sticks, and only emerged about $30 lighter.  That's a pretty great deal.
5	This place is THE BEST place to get meat in the C-U area.  Their staff is friendly and knowledable; it's just the kind of place you'd think would be packed in a place like Champaign.  Not only do they have a good selection of beef and pork, but you can pick up side dishes (and Beef House Rolls, win!).  They'll also cut you something special if you ask.  Definitely stop off on your way home via Neil Street and you won't be disappointed!
4	Aw, yeah! I never will go to County Market for my meat shopping again! Old Time can meet almost all of your meat eating needs and they do have a customer appreciation card where you get 10% off your next purchase when you purchase $200 worth at the store. Their sausages are quite good and their special flavors (applewursts you should try for sure!) change but they still have the classic bratwursts and mild and spicy italian sausage. Their flank steak is also good and their bulk italian sausage is also worth your while especially if you make spaghetti sauce from scratch. My complaint is that their hours and location could be better. Their staff is always helpful and they can help with getting special meat cuts.
4	Best place around to buy quality meats.  I always go here when meat is to be the star of a meal.  Prime meats sometimes don't look quite as nice as I'd hope, but overall the product is far beyond any local supermarket.
5	This is a wonderful butchershop. Deli selections limited to standards of ham, turkey, chicken with good selection of cheeses. Prices reasonable considering the quality.
4	This is a really good meat store, with some excellent marinated chicken choices too. All top quality meats  along with Amish chicken (it is delicious and not expensive). The staff is very helpful and friendly. They also have a small selection of fresh fish. I've had the cod and it was great. Also can recommend the pickles from the pickle barrel :)
5	Knowledgeable, friendly staff.  Sirloin patties and the twice baked potatoes are my go-to choices here.  Will make a special trip for them.  Good stuff.
5	The prime cuts from here are so good, both my wife and I have become too "spoiled" to enjoy several of our former favorite steakhouses - preferring to stay home and cook these ourselves.The staff are extremely knowledgeable and are willing to help with advice, getting a fresh cut, trimming to order, or anything else that might conceivably make you happier with them as a butcher.I can not recommend this shop enough.
5	This place is the best.  The customer service is fantastic, the quality is terrific, and the prices reasonable.  If you need meat there is no better place in the area.  We do not buy much meat but when we do it is only from Old Time Meat and Deli!
5	It's so nice to have a locally owned butcher. The customer service is outstanding and the prices are affordable. My favorites: Amish turkeys for thanksgiving (pre-order)... free range, affordable (for free range), and delicious! Fresh ground beef for very juicy burgersFresh sausage, especially the kielbasa which is heaven
5	I love this place! Staff is great very knowledgeable every cut of meat i have ever gotten has been top quality. Oh and did i mention the twice baked potatoes?!
