4	It's so weird to have to review this place, and being the first person to.I've been there more than 8 times, I think. It's very very close to the university, which is awesome. The food is not too salty or oily, and is pretty nutritious, which is awesome. The dinner for 5 feeds my group of friends (8 people), which is excellent. We've had the dinner for n maybe 5 times? Awesome cheap food, just what a university student needs. The only thing I wish was better would be the authenticity of the cuisine, if we could have Chinese food for that price, and not Chinese-Canadian food (although I've never tried their Chinese menu, probably because I never went there with friends who read Chinese).
3	Been here a while with friends, it's a great place to eat at for students because it's quick decent Chinese food that's near the university as mentioned already.The atmosphere is typical, nothing fancy but comfy enough to sit for a while.You can't really expect too much out of anything at the university plaza, because food is catered towards students and they tend to focus on quantity, speed, and pricing that appeals to students as opposed to quality and service. However, the food here isn't bad at all, and the dishes come in large portions that will fill you up for sure. Includes tea in a proper tea pot as well once you sit down, a big plus compared to all the other chinese restaurants in the plaza. The quality of food is okay, after eating a few times at this place, you will notice that they tend to use the same kind of flavouring/marinating on most of the sauce based dishes. Some things are notably lower in quality such as their lemon chicken plate, and I even recall seeing them bring in pre-fried bags of the chicken. Still though, they have a decent range of dishes on their menu and some are actually pretty good for a quick meal. Just don't think this place will blow you away when  you eat there, and you will be satisfied.
3	Average Canadian Chinese food. The serving size is very generous and the food is cheap. Dinner for "n" is the best deal out there if you want food/dollar. A good quick fix for university students, as well as the fact that the service is quite fast.
4	I came here with my boyfriend who had been here a few times when he went to Waterloo University so he knew exactly what to order, which was really nice and the food was quite different from the Chinese food I have had previously. We had the cold beef, cumin lamb and chili chicken, all of which were great! The service was fast, the food was delicious and the experience was different. I am use to the deep fried Chinese food options so this place was really unusual for me (in a great way). We decided to eat in and all of the dishes came with a little bowl of rice, which you will pick up the food of your choice and mix it in with your rice. I really recommend the cold beef dish, it was amazing and if I ever come back that is what I will be ordering! There is a Chinese-Canadian menu option for those who are more comfortable with something familiar but I would encourage everyone to do their homework ahead of time and really take a look at their Chinese menu because there are some great finds! Bring some friends, grab a few different plates and really enjoy the experience!The only reason I have not given China Legend a five star review is because of these little spices that were in all of the dishes that were more than likely for flavoring and not consumption because when I bit into one the flavor left a sour taste in my mouth that would linger and not allow me to enjoy the rest of my meal! That was unfortunate but I would recommend this restaurant to those who are seeking something different and willing to try something new!
