5	Ignore the other review for the Brookline Pub and go there and check it out for yourself. You won't find better food at lower prices anywhere in the city. There are specials everyday and they have an aweome beer selection. The crowd is always friendly and the pub is never empty. Every time a friend visits from out of town, I take them to Brookline Pub and they always ask to go back. My favorite thing on the menu is the wings. They have more sauces and rubs than you can count and they could very well be in the top 3 wings in the city with two wing nights per week! Just go already...
2	I have to agree with Darren, and I hate doing so because I love Brookline and supporting the businesses. There are two different ways to look at Brookline Pub with two different experiences. The first is during the day as a restaurant. It's not terrible and probably from this aspect alone I'd grant it 3 stars. The food isn't anything to write home about, but it's average and decently priced. The second view is at night as a bar. It is clearly a very local hang-out and did not attract the type of crowd that I am interested in being around. It's also quite smoky and feels a little seedy (OK, kind of a lot). I want to believe in it, but I just feel like it would need to change first.
3	Good beer selection, although beer from the taps always tastes funny/flat. Buckets of beers are cheap. Food is decent and very reasonably priced. The bar is VERY smoky at night though. You will leave there smelling like an ashtray, unfortunately.
4	Best wings! Mondays and Thursdays they have 30 cent wings. Tons of flavors to choose from and quite possibly the best around tahn!  Some good beers on tap, including seasonals, and all are reasonably priced.  Different food specials every day, I've had them all and they're all tasty.  As far as bar food goes, this one is up there on the list.  Friendly staff, sometimes it gets really busy though and you have to order at the bar.  If you're a fan of cheap food and booze that doesn't skim on taste, check this place out!  Again, the best wings I've had!  And throw in 2 dart boards and a pool table and you have a fun filled night with good eats, cold beers, and good company.
4	I see you Darren W. I get your point, but I think you have missed the point of Brookline Pub. This review is going to break it down for you. Things you go to Brookline Pub for: Cheap Beer, Free pool on Sundays, 30 cent wings on Monday and Thursday, Karaoke on Thursday nights, a smoke filled room of blue collar dudes.  Things you don't go to Brookline Pub for: A good meal, anything cooked to perfection, a check that actually reflects what you consumed, good smelling clothes after leaving, a door on the bathroom, a door on the bathroom stall. I love the Brookline Pub for what it is, a smokey bar filled with people who want to drink and hang out. The bar tenders are nice.....Missy is my girl. Their craft brews are under $4 and they have cheap bar food. Yeah it's not that great but it's Brookline and it's a dirty pub that I happen to love.
2	smoky.  yinzer-y. loud.  smoky . urban music laptop-d.j. saturday night(too loud) (and repeat.)
4	I agree with Will here. This place is what it is, and you go there for what it is. Did you follow that? Let me break it down for you. 1. The drinks are cheap. So cheap, in fact, that my NYC friend couldn't believe his eyes and was double-fisting the whole night. Oh and offering to buy everyone drinks. WIN!2. The bartenders were friendly. Just as expected at a joint like this.3. Pool tables. They weren't free the night we went there, but sounds like they have free pool. Perfect for a cheap beer place.4. I don't like the smoke. I come from Ohio where it's been illegal to smoke in restaurants in Columbus since even before the laws were passed state-wide. There is an outside patio area for those who want to escape it. (it could easily be where the smokers are sent. hint hint Brookline Pub. :) ) But I do think this bar is for those Yinzers who are there for a cheap beer, a game of pool and a good time, and unfortunately that involves smoking for the majority of them. All in all, this place is cool in my book.
4	So their wings used to be the reason to come, but since they started their new menu and started serving pizza, they have a new reason to draw you in (or keep you there). Their pizzas are delicious, and many specialty pies priced below  $15 for a large. Would easily feed 3 or 4.  Could rival local pizza joints!  Many good beers on tap (bring back PumKing!!) and other cheap foods/drinks, this should definitely be on your map in the south hills. Pub it up!
5	Now this is what a pub should be like- what a fun place! I had a superb weekday night with a group of people I had just met at the coffee shop for an open mic earlier. There was a dude in cowboy boots and a hat to perform a bunch of fun old country songs, and the crowd who was made up of a bunch of neighborhood locals absolutely ate it up. This place was actually pretty big on the inside, consisting of a large bar with a good bottled beer selection (not a great tab selection though), big tables for groups, a stage, pool tables, and dart boards - where I spent most of the night. Give me dive bar with pool tables and dart boards and I'm good for the night. The beer ran like well water as we were showered with good music, where even some of the locals got on stage later to play some tunes on the guitar. Although I'm hardly ever in Brookline, I'd love to stop in again sometime.
5	Excellent neighborhood pub.  I never visit Brookline Blvd and fail to go to the pub for a few and you can smoke inside there which is still a novelty to me and I like it.  Another thing that is a novelty to me is the happy hour they have.  Like, get the fuck out of here right now with that.  Their beer selection is solid and they have bottles for your take out needs and in case you have made your way through all their keg choices and still want...I don't know different beer or whatever.  Everyone has always been really nice to me every time I've gone there--like actually sweet, not bartender sweet.  But actually sweet and helpful and nice.  It's weird but I like it.  I've never had anything to eat here but maybe one day that will change and if it does I will let you know.  I will say that I've heard good things about their pizza from a boy I know from Jersey and I mostly trust him when it comes to good food.
5	I had their pizza and it was great!!!!!  They have a ton of gourmet pies available with tons of well chosen toppings and I've had the one with the meatballs, spinach, and tomato sauce, and another one with pepperoni, spinach, tomato, and ricotta???  I think.  I kind of forget.  As for their menu, it looks like that have lots of great choices.  LOTS of them.  A lot.  They have a big menu.  They have like thirty seven thousand different sauces for their wings which is just a little bit overwhelming for me but I can see how all of them would be popular because all of them sound really great.  What.  The HELL is up with Pittsburgh people putting french fries on their SALAD?!  Unacceptable.  Not the pub's fault but...dude.  What the hell.  They have trivia on Tuesday nights at least, their happy hour is still like the absolute best happy hour I've ever heard of in my life, and I still think everyone there is really really nice.
