5	I came in this weekend for a FREE yoga class for their grand opening and loved it! I'm a huge fan of hot yoga and when I saw we were getting a Sumits in North Phoenix I was ecstatic!They did a wonderful job with this studio, it's very warm, bright and inviting. Once my membership at my current studio expires I will be purchasing one here, it's less than 5 miles from my house!
5	Hands down my favorite hot yoga studio in town.As a poor medical student I stumbled upon a Groupon that offered 10 classes at this new studio, so I tried it out with my boyfriend and we had a blast every single time. PRO's: - Conveniently located, with special parking in the back so that you can finally avoid the Planet Fitness gym rats.- Instructors: Extremely nice, very encouraging and very helpful. The vibe that most of the instructors emanate is just chill, relaxed, flowy, not static, and most of all they try to make it fun, NOT boot-campy by any means. I get that more than enough of that stress in life anyways... - Facility: The cleanest and most functional studio I've found in the area, mostly because it's new but also because they put the effort in to actually clean the puddles of grossness off the floor in between classes. The place always smells like lavender or eucalyptus or vanilla,  which is definitely a good thing.  The bathroom is very clean, roomy, and also includes a shower or two. - Environment: I LOVE the music here, it's as if the instructors stole my iTunes mix of chill, eclectic, energetic, and a hint of EDM/dance and somehow perfectly incorporated it into the entire class.You have no idea how make-or-break music can be in yoga, it just sets the mood for the rest of the flow for those small intervals and I love it. The students I've seen have been from all ages, male/female, and for once everyone's pretty humble, and not snobby, which I can't say the same for some other studios in Scottsdale. oh, and I also like that the classes do not have a religious spin or agenda. On your way in/out of the studio, they also have a few items for sale, including yoga gear and little trinkets. Really cute stuff. I hope to come back to this studio again for a great workout - I totally recommend it.
5	I had previously only experienced Yoga by going to classes offered at my gym, so this was my first experience at a dedicated studio and with hot Yoga. I feel like I had been completely missing out on the mental benefits yoga offers by attending at a gym! The combination of the heat and excellent verbal guidance offered by the instructors really allows you to challenge yourself mentally and physically. They were offering a special, 2 weeks for $20 and I went to 5 classes during that time. After just those few classes, I noticed a huge difference in my flexibility and toning. Here are some tips for first-timers that I learned during my experience:Bring plenty of water. I usually went through about 1 1/2-2 bottles of water. I froze my second bottle of water so it stayed cold through the full 80 minute class.They can be a bit pricey, but purchasing an actual hot Yoga towel is something I would really recommend. They have grip on the bottom and don't slide around like a regular towel. I found one on Amazon for around $20, but they can go up to as much as $75.Wear light-weight clothing. I was a bit uncomfortable at my first class and wore more clothes than I wish I would have. By my 3rd class I was wearing a sports bra and shorts because you sweat SO much. No one is there to judge, so wear clothes you are comfortable in, but I definitely wouldn't recommend pants or sleeves until your body acclimates to the heat. Show up early. When you first start going, the instructor will advise you to setup close to the doors so you get fresh air throughout the class when the doors are opened. These spots fill up quickly, so make sure you get there early enough to get one. Not sure I would have made it through my first 3 classes without that cool draft! =)Unfortunately, it is out of my budget to keep attending classes as they are pretty pricey (they are comparable to other hot yoga studios I have researched though) but if you can afford it, I would really recommend going here. I very much enjoyed it and saw tons of benefits after such a short period of time!
5	OMG this is the best hot Yoga studio in town!  Had previously tried "True Hot Yoga" and was disappointed with almost everything (see prior review).  This studio is inviting, warm (good feel kind of warm) and laid out almost perfectly.  The restrooms are absolutely spotless and beautiful.  Best of all, Sara (our instructor) was attentive, welcoming and aware of her students.  Even the most new of beginners could follow and if you need a break, Sara encourages you to only do what you can and its perfectly fine.  She walked to every person to check on their postures and apply some gentle assistance if needed.  She also gave us a light water squirt as a small cool down and got the air circulating at various times.  This was the most enjoyable, best exercise we have ever experienced!  Yoga in the heat is intense so the attention Sara provided was absolutely needed and made for the best experience.  The front does have some useful items that you may need (water, towels, Yoga attire, etc).  For new people, some tips: 1) show up 15-20 minutes early your first time for paperwork 2) bring a yoga mat, yoga mat towel, sweat towel (or 2) and bottle of water (frozen is great or buy one there) 3) highly suggest sports bra of sorts for the women and only loose clothes for the men 3) wear flip flops or slip-on/off shoes 4) leave purse/valuables/stuff in the car or at home 5) if using a card for payment, get some kind of small wallet that you can clip to your yoga mat or wrist 6) inside the classroom there are no shoes 7) be prepared to be somewhat close to your neighbor if busy and position yourself slightly to their front or back for arm stretches.  This is the studio I am happy to pay whatever fee to attend and if all the instructors are as good as Sara, this will be my new weekly favorite.
4	I found sumits on groupon (really good deal) and I was really impressed. The studio has a great atmosphere and the instructor was fantastic. The music during class was energetic but not too loud so you could hear her the entire time. The class size was comfortable; not too packed but enough bodies in the room to make it fun. The studio was clean and the instructor made sure everyone was equipped and comfortable. She encouraged people Togo at their own pace and take breaks as needed. The only downside is that the studio is right next to planter fitness and a beauty school so parking was crazy (7pm class) but there is more parking in the back parking lot.
5	I had a wonderful experience with my first class here! I love the decor and the instructor was extremely helpful and friendly. The prices are comparable to other yoga studios, but they do offer some specials. I cannot wait for my next yoga class!
5	Wonderful studio, great teachers...clean, welcoming, natural light...and many opportunities for "extra" weekend classes...gong workshop, aromatherapy, guest yoga instructors, relaxation techniques.  Not one negative about this beautiful new studio!
5	A beautifully designed studio! The owner Ashley is a true delight. She has created a fresh, welcoming and upbeat atmosphere. I was so afraid of doing hot yoga but the teachers were extremely encouraging without being overwhelming and now I love it and wish I could go more often. Definitely the best yoga studio in the Valley!
5	Sumits North Phoenix is hands down my favorite Yoga studio I have ever had the opportunity to practice at! I have nothing but wonderful things to say about this gem. The studio is beautiful and well kept. The staff is welcoming and helpful, even greeting me by name since my second time in. They have truly created a feeling of community here. Each instructor has something wonderful to offer. Ashley's pointers, Sara's fun upbeat class, and Tabitha's serene guidance are a few of my favorite things about this studio. Whether you are new or an experienced yogi this is a perfect place to practice! Oh...and there's a plethora of parking behind the building.
5	This place is awesome. The owner and all the instructors are top notch. This place makes you feel so welcome the moment you walk into the door. I love this yoga. Even on the days it's hard for me to get there mentally, I know once I walk in the door I will be so happy I made it. After class, you feel like you are floating on air. Try it, at least 5/7 times. You'll be addicted! I know I am!And to "Jodi" who warned "this is not Bikram", I don't think Sumits yoga has ever claimed to be Bikram yoga. Why would they? Sumits yoga is 1) more challenging than Bikram & 2) more fun! They play music & do flow's. I've done 90 day Bikram challenges in the past, so I KNOW Bikram.
5	Today was my first day at Sumits North Phoenix and I was very pleased with my experience! Their practice is very similar to past studios I've been to! The instructor was friendly and helpful and the gal at the front desk was very welcoming! I left feeling refreshed (sweaty) and relaxed!! I am certainly looking forward to more HOT Yoga :)
5	This was only my second experience ever with yoga. I tried hot yoga here. They made me feel comfortable as a beginner and told me it was OKAY to just sit and breathe and that my goal today is to stay in the classroom. It was a unique experience. I can't say that I'm crazy enough to make hot yoga a regular thing for myself, but if you are interested in trying it this is a good place to try it out.I really appreciate the way they close out the class. They pass out small wet cooled towels that have been dipped in a lavendar/tea tree fragrance. Very nice touch!
5	I love this studio and its people! The owner, Ashley, has created an inviting location that is well laid out and she and the other teachers are great at making you feel welcomed and appreciated. The yoga room is nice and big, with doors on two sides that the instructors are willing to open when the heat gets too much. Sure its hot yoga, but they are very careful to make sure that no one gets overwhelmed. Being Sumit's, its the same routine everytime, but I can see how if you did it on a regular basis you would quickly see results and you could get comfortable enough with the routine that your practice would expand beyond just the physical and more into the mental aspects of yoga.The changing rooms, at least the men's one, is nice and big with plenty of room for your stuff and even a couple of showers if you need to clean up after class.The area when you walk in has lots of room and a nice selection of stuff to buy including shirts, pants, and clothing from Yoganastixx and other brands, bracelets from Silver and Sage, and mats, towels, and other yoga related items. There's also plenty of room for incoming students to sit while another class finishes up.All of the instructors that I've met are super friendly, from Ashley, to Michelle, Marissa, and Matt. If it wasn't too located so far from my house and my work, I would definitely make this a regular place to practice. As it stands, I'm just going to try and visit whenever I can.
