5	THE. COOLEST. STORE. EVER!!!!A tiny shop that smells overwhelmingly of latex...so much so that you get a buzz just walking thru the door! It caters to the hardcore BDSM set, and carries a fine selection of corsets, cock rings, butt plugs, strap-ons and more...all in latex, leather, pleather and PVC. A fetishist's DREAM!I went in out of idle curiosity, but was immediately swept up by the effusive, affable Irish transsexual saleswoman. She is SO friendly and SO warm -- she just has one of those easygoing manners that you can't help but feel comfortable around. A GREAT woman!She convinced me to try on a latex dress, and I was smitten. I couldn't afford the $80 price tag (though it looked mighty fine on my ass, and I prolly could have made the $80 back by going to a strip club for 2 minutes in it)...so I bought some latex opera gloves instead. Tara (the saleswoman) was FANTASTIC throughout! I can't stress enough how WONDERFUL this woman's manner is. Don't be shy! If you're into cross dressing, they will help you achieve a fantastic look (they have lots of tranny props as well). If you're a shy, straitlaced type...but are kinda curious about the wild side, Ms. Tara will make you feel right at home and will have you looking and feeling great in no time.Seriously...I can't recommend this store enough!  They were out of latex panties in my size when I visited, but I'm going back later in the week to get some! They also carry dresses, pants, waist cinchers, boots and just about every article of clothing made from latex known to man. If they don't have it, they can order it for ya!The prices are pretty good, too. $80 isn't really that much for a rubber dress -- the crap they sell at Bebe is more expensive, and wouldn't last half as long! I'm just a broke-ass hack, so had to pass. Boo!!!
5	I could give The Black Room 5 stars for the killer selection of latex, corsets and other fetish wear (and toys... and reading material... and other unmentionables!). I could also give The Black Room 5 stars for the rock bottom prices. What really makes The Black Room special is the top notch service. Franz, the owner, and his employees Tara and Edward are passionate about their work and it shows.On my first visit to The Black Room I was just browsing. I was quickly impressed with the prices of the items I was interested in... Prices are as low as you will find as Franz goes straight to the manufacturer in Germany, cutting out the middle man. When $300 would MAYBE buy you a single corset in other shops, it can get you an entire outfit and then some at The Black Room. The latex dresses I had been lusting over online were running anywhere from $150 to $350. I picked up a gorgeous red number for under $100. I try to make it back to The Black Room every couple weeks to see what is new, as the staff is constantly ordering up new items. On my most recent visit they had just gotten some gorgeous new lingerie and dresses from Italy. Once again, the prices on the tags were so low, I thought they were a misprint. If you need to spice up your wardrobe or even if you are just a little curious about what a fetish store is like, GO TO THE BLACK ROOM. Tara, Edward and Franz will take great care of you. If you go somewhere else chances are you will overpay and end up dealing with people that simply don't care about you, only your dollars.
5	Such very nice people! Want to try something on? Really doesn't matter what it is I tried on some fab latex and the price was worth it but just couldn't figure out what to pair it with. Stop in here!
5	Me and my Sir had a lovely experience with authentic European costumes, German handcuffs, and lots of other fun items to try out. The owner and his lovely helper were absolutely wonderful and welcoming. We will definitely be back and ordering from them in the future.
5	We recently made a visit and the sales person were friendly and knowledgeable...will definitely visit there again.
5	Edgy, sexy, unique, border-line taboo and tailor made for those us of wanting to step out of the normal 9 to 5 desk job life! Excellent service and rockn' latex (pretty reasonably priced comparatively speaking)...
5	Amazing bdsm/fetish store! My new fav! Can not say enough good things about this little slice of heaven. Customer service and Selection is unmatched! A must visit!
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS SHOP. the owner is extremely rude, non helpful. The quality of the merchandise is subpar to say the least. Yelp has censored my review, so if you want the complete review please email me directly.
5	The black room is an awesome place if you're looking for bondage and fetish kind of stuff. There are a lot of places that offer gags and toys and stuff but you could tell that most of that stuff is imported from China and basically its just crap.The stuff in the black room is imported from Germany and all the latex very high-quality. (I am not sure but I think the Europeans are really into that stuff)When I was checking the place out this good-looking girl was looking for a whip and a crop. I overheard the conversation and they were kind of laughing a little bit and then all of a sudden I heard the whip hit somebody. I looked over and Tara (she works there) was giving the potential customer a demo. Wow this was so random and awesome. To bad I didn't snap a few pics!! The owner is a German guy is really nice and he is definitely all about customer service. If you need something, he will special order it from Germany for you if you and if you need to be fit for something he'll come and make a house call so you can do this in the comfort of your own home vs in the store. Don't get me wrong the store is discreet and all but you know what I mean. To get the black room you go off of Sahara and you actually park behind the store.  The front door is actually the back door. I am pretty outgoing and open minded and I feel a little weird walking into sex shops from time to time so its nice to have a back door to walk into because that is a bit more stealthy:)
4	Easy enough to find right there near the Fremont Mall in Old Vegas. Was greeted right away by one of the day clerks with a cheery and enthusiastic "Hello and Welcome to The Black Room!" My slave and I instantly felt right at home with the inventory. This ain't no bookstore so don't even think about cruising Guys and Gals.What you do have is real world inventory, nice array of  floggers, paddles, canws, whips suspension cuffs, great leather attire as well as Latex and PVC. Met with Franz who originally from Orange County, CA bringing his bit of European kink and it is a welcomed site indeed. Many famous people also go incognito for Franz's unique selection. Cant divulge who they might be, but lets us just suffice to say goodbye yellow brick road and go to 1000 E Sahara Ave. Las Vegas, NV 89104.
