4	I didnt actually visit this location but I tried their booth at BITE of Las VegasI love Famous Dave's it's one of my favorite BBQ places but here at the festival things were a little overdone. You can see by the pics the ribs were a little crispy.I had 4 BBQ Ribs. But the BBQ Pork Sandwich was right on point-I love their pork & their BBQ sauce. Somewhat disappointed with the ribs but $5 for 4 and $5 for a sandwich not a bad deal.
5	I eat here at least once a week. The best BBQ in Las Vegas by far. They have The best coleslaw I've ever eaten. Their pulled pork is amazing. Juicy tender and very tasty. The St louis Ribs are really meaty. They also have excellent sauces depending on your mood. Always very good service.
2	Yesterday was my third visit to this location because unlike the other location by the mall, I get great service here. Even when we came on fathers day we had a great time and awesome service.Yesterday I was completely appalled by management...or lack thereof. We were sat in a booth, and it was clear they were shorthanded. We were one of about five tables sat at once to the poor two servers on the floor. Our table was one of about five that were sat at once, with a very large party of teenagers and a few more tables coming in after. Therefore, it took a few minutes for us to get greeted. Now, I have worked in restaurants for 16 years, including management and beyond. I know how things run. An older man in a table near us came over and asked if we had been greeted, we said no and he walked away. I assumed he was another customer, and told the waitress when she came over that we realized they just got a huge hit, and wanted to look over the menu anyway so we didn't want to jump on that weird guys bandwagon if he was causing a fuss up front. She said no, he was actually someone from corporate. Ahhh ok. So why would he not get a drink order instead of going off to delegate to people who had not greeted us because they were too busy, causing us to wait an additional five minutes??So we order and get our food, and the whole time this man is wandering around, staring at tables with a notebook and making notes. He comes by our table a few times, staring at our empty glasses. Again, the place is slammed and you can see everyone is scrambling around and doing the stupid BBQ presentation at EVERY table. How asinine. You have guests waiting on service but you still insist your servers go through a long ass presentation at every table??? How is that time efficient? Now since corporate guy is doing nothing to help any situation, I wave him down and ask him since our server is so busy if he could help us out and get us some  refills. I can tell from his face he is not used to being asked to do anything physical. He looked at me like I was on crack, and said "I will get THE GIRL right away." I was immediately flashed back to plantation days...the girl? Is she going to come over with a poofy white hat and say yessa massa? She is a server. I wanted to walk out at that moment.He was DOING NOTHING but still refused to lift a finger to get us refills. Instead, he wandered to find the manager and the waitress to get them to do it. IF you are above pouring a drink in a restaurant, then you should not be working in any aspect of it, if Famous Dave himself is there he better get me a refill. That's GUEST SERVICE. The servers did not need someone to write a note to greet and take care of guests, they know to do that. They needed an extra pair of hands. Standing there and ordering them around is not going to make more servers appear, or make them faster. That's sweat shop mentality. That man should be ASHAMED.As a manager in any respect, he should have been helping greet tables. Why would you walk away from a table that has yet to be greeted to try and find someone who is already slammed beyond comprehension? Why would you not greet them yourself? Is it more important to write notes so they know they were busy? In the customer service business, no one is above doing anything. A manager should never be afraid to bus a table. There is no reason someone who works for Famous Daves should have walked away from our table without greeting us themselves. There is no reason we should have gotten FOUR rounds of refills on our table because you went and yelled at the manager, the server and someone else. We literally received three waters each and my mom got three cokes. All because one asshat from corporate could not be bothered to lift a finger. THIS is how you run a business? I hope someone from high up reads this ( I am emailing them as well), and does something because our whole visit was BS. I watched YOUR corporate guy SIT and TAKE NOTES  for an hour and a half on how dissatisfied guests were from lack of service than to TRY and make them happy. SHAMEFUL.
