4	This place is an excellent joint to get a good lunch on the go. I had the tuna sando and it rocked. Lots to choose from on the menu and lots of healthy options if that is your bag. Oh the sites are quite unreal..in fact, they arent real!!
2	No.  I just don't dig this place.  Maybe because i'm a vegetarian, and there are only, like, two things on the menu I can eat.  Their veggie sandwich has this mustard-bile spread on it that doesn't strike my fancy.  Two stars because it isn't poison (I would eat there if I had to) and you get a one of their delicious cookies with your sandwich.
3	In my opinion, this is one of the better places to get a sandwich in the Valley.  Everything is made to order.  There is quite a large selection of sandwiches, wraps, salads, fresh fruit, soups, and of course, cookies.  They just added a portabello veggie sandwich to the menu, which is quite good.  Lots of fresh veggies, rich chewy grainy bread, avocados and roasted mushrooms.  Yum.  I'm a picky eater, especially when it comes to sandwiches, and I have always liked Paradise.  This location in particular is very large with lots of seating and a full breakfast menu.
4	There are a number of these around town and I have been in no rush whatsoever to go to one. My impression was that it was going to be another healthy salad and sandwich type of restaurant, which isn't normally my style. I was right about it being a sandwich and salad place, but what I didn't anticipate is that it might serve really good sanwiches and salads. Between us, my girlfriend and I had a tomato soup (which was like a healthier version of a tortilla soup and without chicken), a bleu cheese salad with cranberries, a panini, and some cookies. All were delicious. I had a chicken and artichoke panini that, forgive me for saying this, was totally off the chain. The cookie at the end only confirmed my suspicions. I was way off about this place being bad mall food. I'll be back.
4	Fantastic food.  I had the quiche with fresh fruit and my boyfriend had the scrambled eggs.  Both were freshly prepared and had good portion sizes.  They offered free wi-fi.  A few days later we went back for breakfast again and had the cinnamon rolls.  The Paradise also serves lunch, but we only had breakfast.
5	for a bakery at mostly mall locations this was a pretty darn good place to get a bite to eat. i used to always love going to the one at stoneridge mall in pleasanton, california but just as i like something they always have to close it! heck they closed all of the locations close to where i live. these days when i visit friends and family in arizona i have to make a stop here to check out this great paradise location.they have 3 great things i love. great salads, sandwiches and awesome baked goods. as for the salads i really love the chopped bbq chicken, oriental chicken salad and the southwest chicken caesar salad. as for the sandwiches i have to pretty much get every sandwich on the paradise molasses squaw bread. it's soooo damn good, dark and sweet and became one of my all time favorite breads. if you find you like this bread ask to buy a loaf or two or three. stock up and freeze it.the turkey cranberry,paradise club, chefs egg salad and albacore tuna sandwich are all very good but i go soooo crazy for the southwest chicken. its a grilled ancho chili marinated chicken breast, green hatch chile, avocado, salsa con queso, pepper-jack cheese, jicama, lettuce, tomato on the multi grain bread. trust me you gotta go with the paradise molasses bread. with the bread the marinated chicken and the texture of the jicama this sandwich has alot going on and i love it.as for the baked good all bout the chippers, which were little small chocolate chip cookies. the 24 carrot cake, ham and cheese croissants and spinach and cheese quiche's are very good as well.paradise bakery can be a dangerous place if your watching your figure but if you want to watch it tomorrow you gotta stop in and try it.
3	I have to give this place only three stars b/c most of their food is quite bland to me.  Personally, Panera Bread kicks their ass all day but we don't have Panera in the valley, sadly.  I do like this place for namely three reasons: the fire roasted tomato soup, the walnut chicken salad sandwich and the chocolate chip cookies they give you when you order food!   I do try new things on the menu but seem to find myself let down.   All in all most locations are clean. I am still dreaming of a day when Panera Bread comes to the Valley!
4	This is the only location I've found that carries the one thing I actually like... it's the Chicken Caesar Salad Wrap. I love it. I've had the same thing elsewhere, and at other places the dressing pools or drips and makes me want to vomit. Somehow, they make it perfectly. I don't know why they don't carry it elsewhere, but they should. I love that they give you a cookie and their fudge is unbelievable. I think they have great dessert treats, but their bread doesn't really impress me. We used to have a great bakery in the valley when I was growing up... La Petite Boulangerie near the Biltmore. I loved that place... croissants filled with assorted jellies and chocolates and cheeses... soft rich buttery breads of all sorts... mmm. Sometime in 1993 or so,  La Petite Boulangerie was absorbed by Java City after a corporate merger and we never really got a suitable replacement that I'm aware of. Every place I find sells shitty dry artisan breads. Why is that stuff so popular? It all tastes stale, isn't any better for you, and is difficult to chew. The breads at Paradise don't thrill me either. I haven't tried their soups (cuz I'm not a soup person) and I'm not interested in their sandwiches (since I'm not into their bread). I would've given this place a 3, but I just love that wrap enough to give it an extra star (though it may not quite deserve it). I'm still searching for a good bakery in the valley... I'll let you know if I find one.
2	Why oh why is this joint always out of ham and cheese crossaints...prepare people!!!  I really don't think theres anything special about their sandwiches, I've tried a couple of them.  The soup is usually good, the salads are o.k but the cookies are pretty good.  Service is null, I actually caught a couple of the young guys who were making the sandwiches joking about one of the guests (rude).  I never order coffee here anymore because they always find a way of screwing it up.  So why do I keep stopping in here....it must be the cookies.
3	There is this unique stretch of scottsdale road that runs form Indian Bend (just north of fashion square) all the way to shea blvd. and there isn't a single spot to stop and get a quick bite to eat. thats about 5 miles. and in phoenix that is amazing.  there are however, plenty of 5 star resturants that one could take a couple of hours and couple of hundered dollars and enjoy fine dining.  In a desparate attempt to find some sustanance before i collapsed on my way to a job, i saw this bakery on the side of the road and recognized the name. (my wife had brought me a sandwich once from these guys, and it was pretty good).  I cut through three lanes and made a quick right.  yes! that was me that almost ran you off the road.  I had never been to the store and it was packed.  i wasn't quite sure how the store operated, so i jumped in line and tried to make sense of things while i waited my turn.  All in all the food is good and it saved me from almost death, and i got to my job on time.  The price was a sacrafice i had to make due to desparate times, but i will probably not return for a small, mediocre $9 sandwich that anyone else could make and taste better.  I seem to do a lot of work in PV and you would think i would have learned by now to pack a lunch.  If you catch me at Paradise Bakery in scottsdale in the future, check my pulse, i might be almost dead, from starvation.
5	Oatmeal & Chocolate Chip ChippersBlack and White Chocolate ChippersThat's all I want and LOVE from this place.I've had their sandwiches before but I wasn't too impressed. Something that I can make at home. Their baked goods are to die for though. Definitely drop by a Paradise somewhere in the Phoenix area and get their chippers.
3	We went for breakfast, I had coffee (mocha latte I believe they called it) scrambled eggs, bacon and a fruit cup (which was about 6 pieces of mostly melon). It was good, nothing great but not bad. Reminded me of a Panera or Corner bakery, maybe with a bit more options. I got the chippers, and sadly I can't say I was a fan :( I'm just not a fan of small, super crunchy cookies (I like mine soft).
4	This is my pick for "best cup of coffee in the valley". I am not a huge coffee drinker, so take that with a grain of salt, but I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it. Usually I only drink coffee out of necessity. Also, I went here for lunch, and had the Californian Turkey sandwich. I though it was good, but nothing I couldn't pull together myself for half the price at home. A bag of jalapeno chips, eh....whatever. Great breakfast spot though, if you have some time to kill.
4	I like the salads here and the soup is pretty good.  Sandwiches are consistenty good EXCEPT for the BLAND Thai Wrap, just don't get it, not tasty.The location is always clean and the General Manager, female, can't remember her name is beyond accomodating for whatever you need, which is really nice.  She was able to show me nutritional value of what I ordered as i'm counting my calories.Service here is always very fast too, which is nice, regardless of how long the line is it goes fast!
4	I love Paradise Cafe.  I live in St. Louis, where we have Panera Bread Company.  Paradise is like Bread Co but better.  Great salads, coffee, sandwiches and baked goods.  Very affordable.
3	I seem to find myself at Paradise Bakery an awful lot! And not just this one...while not as ubiquitous as the dreaded MickieD empire, PB's are everywhere!I know this because I have the PB Frequent Flyer Card and about every 4th time I go...to any of the PB's...I get free coffee and a free muffin:) Yay...I met my erstwhile business partners there for meeting last week and realized that of all the hundreds of thousands of times that I have been here, I have yet to Yelp about it...it's that much a  part of the background noise:)So let's raise PB above the background clutter and give them a once over:)There are certainly things to like about PB:- Free Muffins, now and then- Free Coffee, now and then- The places are all pretty clean- I always know where to find the spoons, napkins, etc. (PB's are injection molded from the same pattern, all of them are reasonably attractive and look almost identical...much like the line up in any Miss America Pageant:)- Free wifi and plug-in's for my computer- Prices are decent, esp. when you factor in the free stuff from  the Frequent Flyer ProgramThere are also a couple of things that I don't like, so very much:- If I am in the mood for a buffet or a deli, I don't mind doing the line thing, but here it feels like the lunch line in junior high...don't know why...the food is generally better than junior high was, but still:) Perhaps it's the snood's they make all the food prep workers wear...don't need hairs in my soup:)- A few more booths for quiet conversation wouldn't hurt...the sound level at a table in the middle of the room can reach "roadwork" levels pretty quickly.- The food...OK, yes...it's all reasonably fresh but that should be a given...a minimum standard, even at this level:) The preparation is generally haphazard at best and is often stupidly flawed...even simple changes give them fits ("no onions on my salad please"..."here you go sir, an all onion salad":) "have a nice day":)All in all, the various PB's are an average dining experience...there are better bakeries, better sandwich shops and better coffee houses...maybe that's their service...combining all of the above into one big old average, comfortable spot to sit and drink free coffee, eat free muffins and read and write my electromail:)
2	Great cookies and muffins, but otherwise boring.  Better coffee (French press) at The Kitchen.  Better breakfast at New York Bagels.
4	Had lunch here a couple of weeks ago and enjoyed it. I had the Chicken Walnut Sandwich and a Vegetable Soup both were very good. The Chocolate Chip cookies that come with the sandwiches are.... according to my husband amazingly good.....I was trying to be healthy that day....but wish I could have my cookie back now! lol
3	My co-workers refer to this PB as "the cafeteria" because on any given day at lunchtime at least one person from the office will be here.  Why?  It is really the only "fast" thing within walking distance.  Oh, and they have cookies.  The men I work with will not order a cookie (I guess it isn't "manly") but it is perfectly acceptable if it comes with the sandwich.  I think the food is OK.  They have French Onion Soup.  The Chicken Caesar is good, although occasionally (like today) it can have waaaayyyy too much dressing.  I have only tried the sandwiches a few times - they are pretty big with freakishly thick bread.  Did I mention the cookies?  They are tasty.The layout can present a challenge when it is crowded.  The line to order and pay is an awkward mishmash of people that want dessert items but forgot to grab them at the front of the line, people who can't decide what they want, and people who can't figure out which register to use.  Whomever is in front of me is guaranteed to have an order more complicated than Meg Ryan's in When Harry Met Sally.  Fortunately, the people behind the counter expect and understand all of this and keep things running smoothly.Overall a decent place to grab a quick lunch, but it is really the cookies that keep me coming back.
4	really good! I love the turkey cranberry sandwich! it was awesome! the cookies are to die for! only downfall is there are alil to pricey for a sandwich!
5	We love to eat at Paradise when visiting Scottsdale.  In Florida, we enjoy Panera for breakfast and this is the closest thing to it.  The breakfast quiche is our favorite!!!  I tried the Tuna atop salad with balsamic for lunch and was shocked at how tasty it was!  The small was the perfect size.  We like the feel of this place and the cookies are yummy too!
4	If you r in the mood 4 a b'fast sandwich This is THE PLACE! 4 stars! I wish there was 1 n LA :o)
4	I've been to this location a bajillion times.  The food, service and decor is pretty much like all the other Paradise's in AZ but for some reason I like this location best.I went there yesterday afternoon for lunch and for some reason they didn't have the bread/sauce sample thing they usually have up front.  WTF?Anyway, I ordered my salad & sandwich as normal.  The ordering/paying process is a bit of a clusterfuq, but the food is good and the service is fast and friendly.
3	According to my frequent diner card, I've been to PB over 250 times in the last couple of years.This last visit I tried one of their new sandwiches, a turkey with bacon.  It was a nice addition to the menu.  The chicken noodle soup was good as well.This is one of the few places that offers decaf iced tea.  The peach flavor is very refreshing.
4	No matter where I go, I always have to find a place with pastries.  On this particular sweltering August day, we were lucky to stumble upon Paradise Bakery & Cafe.  I was really hungry and proceeded to inhale the food, but there is one thing I remember: the warm buttery and gooey chocolate croissant was heavenly.  The kind where you close your eyes and mmmm for at least 10 seconds.  I hope I'll get the chance to have it again!
5	Any time I am in the mood for a delicious salad or a hot cup of soup (which is often), Paradise Bakery is the absolute first place I think about.  The food is amazing (Caesar Salad - yum.  Chicken Noodle Soup - yum. Turkey Sandwich - double yum).  I also love (and hate) that you get a FREE cookie with your order.  Yes, that's right - Free.The place is always clean and welcoming, and for someone that HATES to wait in line, I never mind here because they are quick, friendly, and efficient, and I can nibble on samples while I wait.Basically, this place is my soup/salad/sandwich superstar!
4	Amazing breakfast. i just went through my expense reports and managed to eat breakfast here 4 times on my last Scottsdale visit. I seem to be addicted to their orange juice and love those croissant breakfast sandwiches. If I lived in Scottsdale, this place would cause me to put on 40-50 lbs, so fortunately I only visit 2-3 times per year
4	These people know what they're doing. Everything is made on the premises, the breads are AWESOME, try the Tuna Salad as just one suggestion. All lunches are served with a cookie...right out of the oven. WOW !
5	Great place for a quick sandwhich, and who can complain when they give you a free cookie too.
4	This place supplies the Cookies at the hotel I was staying at.  Those damn Chocolate Chip Cookies are addicting!  I was eating two or three of them a day!If the other stuff they sell are as good as the Cookies, I'll be a fan for a long time.Return Factor - 90%
5	I am usually a chain hater, but there is nothing to hate and everything to love about Paradise Bakery.The salads are awesome, the sandwiches (Turkey Cranberry - woop woop!, Chicken Salad & Tuna) are awesome, and the cookies...the cookies, the cookies, the cookies!The cookies are so good that it's not really fair to other bakeries.  In order of preference:- Oatmeal Raisin (which I never get from anywhere else but these are FIRE)- Snickerdoodle (best snickerdoodle in the world - this cookie is perfect)- Chocolate Chip Cookie (a classic, comes with all sandwiches)- Sugar Cookie, Ginger Molasses, Peanut Butter, Lemon ZestPB makes places like Panera Bread put their head in their hands and cry like little restaurant chain babies
1	Lordy, I really hate this place. I'm using the word "hate" about a restaurant.I really want to have a good time here. I have friends and co-workers that go here all the time. Mike, loyalty is a virtue, and I respect that. I'll never get what you see in this restaurant, though. It all looks so promising. Good location, busy professionals bustling in and out, free wifi! The microcosm all shatters after that.First off, as another reviewer mentioned, the line is straight out of junior high. You walk over, grab a tray, and then proceed to an utterly befuddling system of pre-made food, people making food, people waiting for pre-made and yet-to-be-made food. What the heck is going on in this line? I want a half sandwich and cup of soup. They have no sandwiches made, so they give me a giant number on a metal pole. I proceed to the logjam of people waiting for custom salads to be made. Do I go around them to get my soup? Do I wait? Some people seem to be waiting. Someone asks me if I need soup. I open my mouth and manage, "I---" when a lady behind me shouts, "Cup of lemon chicken orzo!" Oh, you. You know the lady. Smart ponytail, pointy nose, voice that destroys and overrides every other sonic frequency.Oh, people cut me. YES. Junior high. People are taking cutsies, for the love of Pete. People in skirts and people in ties. I realize that I've gone to the same place for lunch as salespeople and HR representatives who drive black Hummers and black Yukons with black Cardinals license plates, flicking cigarettes out the windows and failing to signal lane changes as they go. And they're cutting me in line. How did my judgment get so clouded?Now someone hands me my sandwich and takes back my giant number. I am now at the cashier. Another bottleneck. The people here have no money handling skills--they are handed legal tender and they inspect it as if someone gave them kroner and they're mentally performing a currency conversion. Five more minutes go by, and my toes are getting numb from standing in line. Do I have a (mumble) card? No, no. Whatever it is, I don't have it, and I don't want it. I'll never be back here.I get to the drink station and more people cut me as I try to set my tray down and get tea. I realize I overshot the silverware and try to step back that way. Someone heads me off at the pass and takes the last FOUR soup spoons.I finally sit down and attempt to enjoy a few minutes of solitude. I'm in the north room. After 70 seconds, a woman asks me if I'd like to try some Thai salad. I decline, and hear card shuffling. I'm not in a dining room, I'm in a card room. Women are playing bridge or rummy or cribbage and they are laughing raucously. The uniquely annoying sounds of metal-footed chairs being drug across a tile floor reverberate through my eardrums as other women prepare to turn the room into a mahjong parlor. One of them dumps a whole box of mahjong tiles on a comically small table and they laugh as the tiles tinkle to the floor.Somewhere next to me a guy's giant number on a metal pole tips over and clangs to the floor. Someone asks him if he's seen a set of Yukon keys.
1	I just wrote a review about this place, I think it was another location, and I failed to take my own advice. I was invited to join a couple of people here for breakfast, prior to a round of golf at a nearby country club. I was hesitant to order anything but a bagel, but I did.I ordered a veggie omelet. Of course, I didn't receive a veggie omelet. I got a ham and cheese omelet. No one ever seems to get my order right anymore. Its because people who work in these restaurants are DUMB and they are RUDE, IGNORANT and don't care! This omelet was disgusting. It was cold, there was a huge slab of ham folded inside a runny egg. The ham was so tough you couldnt even cut it. Why didn't they dice the ham up before sticking it inside an omelet? Why would you fold a thick, tough slice of ham inside an omelet? I think there was cheese but it was so bland, I think a Kraft single has more cheese flavor. The toast was not toasted, it was as pale as my ass and the fruit cup was so small, it consisted of two pieces of melon, a grape and I think there was a strawberry, but I don't remember.I fully agree with Andy G. I don't understand what people see in this place - at all.
1	Ordered a half Roasted Turkey Artichoke Panini with no sauce.  Was really excited about the baby spinach on it.  A whole panini was delivered to my table, first mistake.  The bread was so soggy inside, I could only stomach half before it just tasted like baby food.  There was a piece of artichoke heart about the size of a dime on the whole sandwich - win?  There wasn't a single leaf of spinach to be found.  The only thing they got right was the part about leaving off the sauce.Stick to cookies and other baked goods, PB!  It's what you're good at.  Leave the specialty sandwiches to real sandwich shops.
1	OMFG! They can't even make oatmeal. It's 7:20 am and I find myself at Scottsdale Road and the 101. My options for a business breakfast range from Chik-Fil-A (NOT!) to the bangladesh Wendy's. The pickings are very slim. If I venture down Scottsdale Road, I am facing not much more, Village Inn? So I hold my breath, bite my tongue and decide if I get the coffee at Starbucks, I can find something benign to order for breakfast. Oatmeal. How can they mess this up? Everyone is making it now. Burger King, Au Bon Pain, even McDonalds found a way to serve oatmeal. Albeit, the McDonald's oatmeal is milky, and has hard apple bits but it resembles oatmeal more than Paradise bakery's. This was a quinoa salad, I am sure it was. It had no resemblance to oatmeal. It tasted more like a cup of couscous or quinoa with cinnamon and obscene pecans dumped on top. Dear Paradise, chop your pecans. Please. I am sure Juan could chop the pecans right before he chops the lettuce. Next, instead of dumping the can of cinnamon on the oatmeal, how about using candied pecans. The crunch and sweetness of the pecans would be the natural sweetness to the oatmeal. Finally, go buy oatmeal, real oatmeal, not couscous or quinoa. This was the worst oatmeal I have ever had, anywhere! You amaze me as to how bad you get every time I make the mistake of visiting. I almost want to make it a challenge. I might start to frequent you more just so I can see how low you can go. Game on!
1	Sadly with new owners comes changes on menu.  My fav Barbecue chicken saladno longer has a hint of the same taste. It should now be called flavor of tomato.  Also sad to find out that the most outstanding veggie sandwich now tastes like it comes from another country. Again not a single hint of similarity of same flavor. Im sure many people will love these new changes.  Yet, Im sad it's not the same. I woke up today dreaming about the old veggie sandwich! No joking!!!!!!!!!
5	I love paradise..Yes its a little bit pricey but I love the Broccoli Cheddar soup! There salads and sandwiches are also delicious! Staff has always been friendly to me. Ginger Molases and Oatmeal Raisin Cookies to die for!
2	Overrated. Boring sandwiches, meh...salads. Cookies are soft but made with way to much shortening. Overall very unsatisfactory.
1	Went there this weekend.  The employees are operating under the directive that they are there to train the CUSTOMERS.  Customers at this Paradise are to not ask for too much and to do everything so the high schooler employees don't have to do too much.  My neighbor had warned us about this Paradise location....but we took relatives who were staying near at Gainey Ranch... mistake.
5	I love, love, love their Chicken Walnut sandwiches, they are so delicious....Not to mention their cookies as well,with each order you get a chocolate cookie..... If this isn't enough you have the option to buy a dozen and now as well can buy nibbler's if you do not want such a large cookie or for the little one's that you don't want to have sugar high as well.We don't live in the area so every time we visit Arizona we make it a point to stop by and enjoy some Sandwiches.Aside from Sandwiches, they have great salads/soups as well.  A  great get in and out location!
2	I love paradise bakery but for some reason this one in particular has a hard time with service.  Two times  I have gone in on a Saturday night only to be ignored.  Everybody is busy cleaning trying to close the restaurant and all I want is a piece of carrot cake to go. (wife is pregnant) :)  I didn't roll in at 7:59 with a 8:00 closing i was there fifteen minutes before 8.  I proceeded to walk out and 2 people notice and never said a word. NICE.  Did I mention this happen twice.  Well the first time I was there the doors were locked with 10 minutes left till closing.  Again all i wanted was a piece of cake. I proceeded to call the store and the lady answered and told me they were closed.  I confirmed the time with her and she still told me "sorry were closed"   Hmmmm try another Paradise bakery, or better yet go to Wildflower.
2	Dear Panera, pls convert these Paradise Bakeries to Panera. Their bass ackward customer service is driving me crazy. I miss my Panera.Signed,Anxiously Waiting.
5	I love this place. I wish it was a little easier to figure out the ordering situation.  The people that work here are so helpful and patient and nice! I've always been really really overwhelmed by the menu at most locations because they don't have any descriptions next to the sandwiches but this one did- Thank goodness!! The salad i had was so fresh and the half sandwich half soup deal is really a great bargain.  i'm really looking forward to the location close to me in Tucson opening soon.
1	We were very disappointed in our sandwiches.  We both ordered the turkey on sourdough and a caesar salad.  The bread actually appeared to be just white bread.  It didn't taste like sourdough nor did it have any unique texture or thickness to it....it was just sliced white bread with a little cold cut style sliced turkey on it!!  Very disappointed!  The sandwich was nothing special at all.  And the salads were mediocre in flavor and small in size.  Not worth going back to this Paradise Bakery.
4	This Paradise seems to do better than they were a few years ago - in friendliness of staff as well as food quality.  In fact, they may be comparable to the Shea & Tatum location.  Regardless, gotta love the Chicken Walnut Sandwiches on sourdough and their chocolate chip cookies.
3	3/12/14 Update- This location continues its downward slide. Employees are inattentive and frequently let you stand and wait to order while they goof around. The tables and service bar are frequently dirty. Food quality and quantity is very inconsistent. My sandwich today was ridiculously small. I love their cookies but it may be time to check out Wildflower Bread Company, that is actually closer to home. As a long time customer now with over 400 visits, I have watched my favorite lunch place tank since Panera took over. Very disappointing since I love(d) this place. I also expect more since they are my most expensive lunch place.I only go here for their Walnut Chicken Salad sandwich and cookies. I should probably reverse the order of that because the cookies are the real treat. The sandwiches are relatively expensive and it is hard to get out of there for under $10, so I limit my visits to perhaps 2 to 3 a month. If I get a two for one cookie then it is close to $12. I will go to the less expensive sub shops for a turkey sandwich, etc. I used to stop here regularly for salads to-go at night but since Panera bought Paradise I do not like the changes they have made to the salads. The broccoli cheese soup is still great and I sometimes get that to-go. Lunch time is really busy so I usually try and come here after the rush. I think they take siestas after the rush because the service quality drops off and several times I have come in there and every single booth had not been cleaned up and there were only a few customers in there. I have watched the manager walk through the dining areas at these times and not so much as grab a plate off a dirty table. I personally think that things took a turn for the worse when Panera bought the Paradise chain. I have been going to Paradise for a long time and my receipt says that I have well over 300 visits so I have witnessed the changes first hand. It is nice to sit outside on their patio when the weather is good. If you feel like splurging a little bit and your sweet tooth is acting up, this is a good place to go.
4	Friendly staff, light ambiance music but it isn't so overwhelming that you can't concentrate. Outlets everywhere! Great for studying. Yummy cookies.
4	People really surprise me.... What exactly do you expect from a strip mall restaurant? It's manufactured fresh looking food designed to fool the public into thinking that its a healthy and gourmet alternative to fast food. It's not!  Get a clue and stop expecting high school students to provide high dining experiences. The food is exactly the same as every other paradise bakery and it delivers exactly what it is required.
4	I've been to so many PB's I could write 15 different reviews but I won't since this one alone with the Scottsdale Fashion Square mall food court one are the ones I frequent the most.  I think the idea behind this restaurant is very good . . . feature fresh ingredients in a pleasant surrounding.  Their fresh baked cookies are not only delectable but dangerous if you have a cookie jones like I do.  I could eat a dozen sugar, snickerdoodle and chocolate chip cookies in a heartbeat.My favorite sandwich which others have mentioned is the walnut chicken on molasses bread.  Paired with either a small Cesar salad or a cup of soup, and you're good to go.Always dependable, reliable, friendly and consistent pretty much from location to location, this is my go to fast food joint when I am around urban areas.  I only wish they would open one up in Flagstaff or Prescott.
5	Previously, this place has been more 'miss' than 'hit'.  Now they are under new management and it shows!  The tables and booths were clean, the staff was friendly, service was prompt, and the food was excellent.  So nice to have this location finally under good management (hi Deborah!) and it is running like a well oiled machine.  We will definitely be back.
5	I have been going to this location for about 3 years as I work nearby, and have always enjoyed my experience, but more so lately. The staff know me by name now and are always so helpful. Recently pregnant I have had terrible morning sickness and the staff knowing this have been so thoughtful and caring. For some reason their tomato soup seems to do the trick and ease the feeling and when I go in each day they greet me and let me know if its on the menu before I even join the line, often telling me to take a seat and bringing it to me even when it's take out. Special thanks to Stephanie and Gia for sympathizing and helping in their own way at thus difficult time!!
4	Super friendly staff front to back in this gem of a place. This includes the folks taking cookies orders up front, sandwich orders in the middle, salads (should you feel the urge to be super healthy) and drinks right before you pay. I got such a kick out of the kids ringing us up. I ordered a 1/2 sandwich. So Mr Court Jester calmly says to the Ringer Up Dude.."Uh. That'll be Twelve Sandwiches."Ha. No :)I also appreciated that they didn't push ordering a bottled water (which was right up by the register). They highlighted that tap water was free and available by the soda station. (Sweet!)There is copious amounts of indoor seating. (Outdoor too should you want to venture into The Oven in the summer months. No misters were on during the middle of the day. Not sure if they have them.)Definitely a cute, clean neat place to stop in. Tables were promptly bussed. (Awesome!)I say go for it!
5	Never fails, whatever I pick exceeds expectations! And their sstaff is just darling-:)
3	I used to really like Paradise Bakery but I feel like the food quality is going downhill. Items that I used to order regularly have been sloppily made and the ingredients haven't seemed as fresh. When I go, I almost always order the chicken walnut sandwich or the fire roasted tomato soup.  The layout of this location can be awkward when it's busy - the intention is to have different stations set up for breakfast pastries, sandwiches, salads, soups, etc... but it gets backlogged with everyone just standing in one long line. And when the snowbirds get to town, this place will be PACKED during lunchtime.
3	Ever been to a Panera?  This isn't as good.  It's not a bad place, and if you're getting soup or a salad, or bakery-type goods, you'll probably have an ok time.  If you're in the mood for a sandwich, go elsewhere.  We're talking about a few slices of lunch meat slapped between some bread and sauce.  I've been disappointed with both their Bacon Turkey Bravo, and their Smokehouse Turkey Panini.It's crowded at lunch due to the location, but it's a nice clean place with friendly people, so don't get me wrong there, but I'm a sandwich man, and frankly they disappoint.  It's just not the quality of food that I expect to pay $10 for at lunch.
4	Paradise Bakery is my go-to when I am running around and need a quick stop for iced tea, good internet access, a fresh & healthy salad and sometimes (oh yeah) a great cookie.I stop in this particular location about once a week, after a regular appointment I have and before picking up a child from school. Other people must have the same idea, as it is always busy, be it 2pm or 3pm, you can expect there to be brisk business coming and going.The staff is exceptionally friendly and attentive. Everything they prepare is great, and to specification. Wi-fi works fine, etc.One thing they need to pay attention to is their iced tea urns- a little more attention to washing them down on the interior is necessary, particularly the Mango. This is the only Paradise Bakery I have been to where the tea container has that off-flavor, and it's always mid-afternoon. So Paradise Bakery folks at this location- HEAD'S UP! change out that urn more often, bleach the heck out of it, whatever it takes. I'll even add a star if you fix this pesky problem.
5	Such great service! The manager on duty, his name was E, was super accommodating! We called from Canada and needed a giant cookie ordered for a birthday gift. They do not normally deliver but the manager went above and beyond and personally delivered it for us. He also stopped by the dollar store to wrap a ribbon around it!Great find!
2	Is it just me or is Paradise Bakery in a serious sandwich decline? The service remains friendly but their quality has dropped off. They went from offering interesting lunch options (loved that Thai wrap) to very average ones with skimpy portions.  Where's the meat??
2	They must do something about the line situation.  Always long and it takes forever.  And today they added $3 to my salad because it had the chicken walnut salad on top instead of just plain chicken.  I've been ordering this salad regulary for over a year and no one has ever charged me extra. Oh, and the paper to-go boxes are so annoying.  Probably the last time I go here.
3	Visited last week during lunch rush ... the place was packed. While we have dropped in before, never during such a busy time and never to get lunch .... the process and flow was confusing (we had people approaching us for hot food order, moved to talk to him, missed our bakery and drink order ... had to backtrack, etc.) ... just not real intuitive when handling lots of people. Salad was good, mac and cheese average ... muffin good, other baked goods (cupcake/cookie) just average.What saved this review is the cashier, I think her name was Gia. This woman should get company gold star. It was clear we were confused, kept adding things to our order that we had missed during process kerfuffle - she personally went to get our bakery goods, personally went and made our smoothie so we didn't have to wait. And attitude? Remarkable. If I am the manager of this site, she is a person I use as an example of great customer service.Would probably return ... just not that over the top on food quality or restaurant organization.
4	way better than Panera whiich isnt saying much.  ok coffee not too bad
3	I always like PB. It's like a Panera of the West coast. It's a little pricey, but they make interesting sandwiches and salads that taste good.
1	To start off, I generally like paradise bakery. They have a lot good food, good quality, ect. However, this location at the mall is horrible as far service goes. I always alter my orders, when I get food from them, and I would say 15 percent of the time they get it correct. Even if I order I simple sandwich with just Turkey and  cheese, they mess it up. It has happened so many times. By the time I get back to work and realize they completely ruined my order I don't have time to go back. I don't ever write bad reviews because I work in the service industry, and I know mistakes are inevitable. However, I have wasted so much money throwing away orders they can't ever seem to get right. It's a very poor representation of the company and I probably won't go to the mall location anymore. I can't afford to keep paying for meals I don't eat. I hope they can get their act together so I can start eating there again.
2	This location is very convenient for me during my lunch break from work. I ordered a salad today, which I havent done in months because I found a hair in the last one I ordered. I came back to my office and opened the box today, and found two hairs again. I didnt go back to show them, as we all know they would just think it was my own hair. I believe this happens becuase the employees are not required to wear hats or hair nets and they do not cover the salad bar. This is a problem if its happened twice to the same person. The employees are friendly and nice, but they need to be required to hats.
1	This location is absolutely AWFUL!!! They screw up my order EVERY SINGLE TIME! That's if they even get the order in the system.... This morning I ordered breakfast l, sat there for 15 minutes and my order hadn't even been started. I WILL NOT BE COMING BACK, Managers don't give two shits and employees are close to brain dead. NOT RECOMMENDED
4	Paradise Bakery is a fabulous place to go work during the day when you need a place to crash for a few hours. The coffee is fantastic and they have a wonderful selection of muffins, soups and sandwiches. More importantly, the WIFI rocks. As a bonus, this location doesn't restrict the WIFI during lunch. They also have out door seating - very nice location.
2	I love Paradise Bakery and have always had a great experience at this location, but not today.   The employee that helped us was clueless (later found out it was her first day...and believe me, it showed)...it took her entirely too long to locate the sandwiches on her order form that we were trying to order.   She served me chicken noodle soup that was broth only...sorry, we paid $10 for 2 soups and would like more than broth.  I discussed the situation with the employee that delivered our new soup and he only gave me the excuse of her being new = fail!  Make sure your employees are fully trained and representative of your brand even on your first day...it will go a long way!
3	The food is good but the service is not so good.  Maybe because there is great variety in the menu, it takes longer to prepare.  I'm not sure.  I just know that I ALWAYS wait in line a long time at Paradise.  So if you don't have time to spare, don't come here.I like the size of the restaurant and it's a good place for a business meeting.  The tables and booths are far enough apart that you can talk without being heard by others.The most recent time I came here, yesterday, they lost the breakfast order of the three-year old girl with me.  We finally asked about it and several minutes later, after everyone at the table was finished, it came.  It came without an apology, which was disappointing.
