3	Considering the fact that I frequent Daphne's in California, I was a bit let down by My Big Fat Greek Restaurant.  The service was alright, and the food was edible...but it was loud because of the bar and smelled funny (I think from burning Ouzo...).  They had the air-conditioning on so high that I found myself shivering in the desert!Their gyros were decent, but a little on the dry side compared to what I am used to.  The focaccia was exceptional though, and I could have eaten an entire meal of it.  This place is good for the novelty (Greek dancing and a flame-blower), but the food is only OK.
5	For some reason, not every bar in town offers Sangria.  Enter My Big Fat Greek.  Sangria here is good and in fact, I got really drunk off some chocolate martinis there a few weeks ago too.  Nearly forgot about that.Aside from booze, My Big Fat Greek has great food IMO.  I really like the chicken salad or the chicken pita.  The hummus is also always a great starter.  I've always had attentive service and like the general Greek vibe I get when I eat here.  Casual atmosphere, great for lunch or for dinner.  Good location in Old Town next to many shops and bars.  Highly recommended!
4	I'm surprised this has no reviews yet... perhaps there's another entry for it. Anyway, I think this chain has fairly consistent food and even more consistent service... both range from decent to excellent. I have to admit that the Tempe Mill Avenue location is better, but this place is good as well. The portions are large, so show up hungry. If you are having soda or water with your meal, expect a gigantic 64 oz glass to drink from. It's ridiculous, but I'll admit that I've had a refill here. Prices are fairly reasonable for a mid-upper scale chain restaurant. The food is tasty and typically good. The service is usually really good as well. I can't see a reason to give it a bad review. It's definitely not Mediterranean food for foodies.. it's more for casual diners or the uninitiated. They have good hummus and pitas, but it's basically just another American restaurant with a slight Mediterranean accent. Very accessible.This place barely earns a 4.Edit: ok, I found the entry for this place on yelp by looking at a map of the area and local places... I just did a search and found the other entry for this place (don't know why yelp does this). So there were other reviews for this restaurant already.
4	My friend who lives in Arizona does not hold this place in high regard but I'm giving it four-stars for the food alone.I ordered the clams and calamari appetizers. The clams arrived sprinkled liberally with fresh tomato and herbs and were gorgeous. The calamari was crispy and not chewy. Both came with excellent dipping sauces and focaccia bread. That alone was a heck of a lot of food. The clams in particular rocked my world.For a main dish, I ordered the highest price item on the menu, the swordfish with pesto sauce ($18.95). My companion complained that the swordfish was overcooked but I did not feel this to be the case. It was, after all, grilled and not steamed or baked. The taste was incredible, as was the lemon rice and grilled asparagus which came with the dish and the zesty pesto sauce. Loved it!I was not thrilled at all with the service. College Guy kept trying to take our plates before we were finished with the dishes. Multiple times. Multiple people tried to do the same things, such as bus dishes and bring menus. I would have been much happier with one patient waiter.Awesome food. Service could have been better. I will go back for sure.
4	SO GOOD!  We started off with an amazing appetizer of all the hummus they offer, tzatziki sauce and  taramosalata with fresh warm pita for dipping.   For dinner I had the Chicken Souvlaki which was served with lemon potatoes and rice that were a dream come true.  I have to admit, this was a lot of food!  I ended up taking a box home which I had for lunch today.  YUM!  My dinner companions both had the gyro dinner and raved about it as well. The food was excellent, the service was great and the atmosphere was well OPA!  I will definitely be returning!
4	I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, especially since I heard so-so reviews from several people. We choose this place last minute, but I'm thankful we did. We ordered the hummus for appetizers, which was good, and the pita bread was fantastic, worth the 50 cents they charge you for extra. I got the pork souvlaki, and the pork was perfect, I would come here again just for the pork. The servings are huge, so you could definitely share. The service was pretty good, a little unenthusiastic, but I guess saying Opa a hundred times a day gets a little old. But I don't work there so, OPA!
1	Ugh!First, a lack of creativity/originality on the name of the place.  Puh-leeze!Then, I wasn't sure what to order because none of my colleagues had been here before.  So, I thought I'd go safe and order chicken alfredo topped with feta cheese and accompanied with slices of garlic bread.Stupid me, I should have stopped the minute I had my first bite.  It tasted odd.  I thought it must've been because of the feta cheese.  I just had my first taste of (flamed) feta cheese minutes before that a friend ordered as an appetizer.Immediately after I had my fill of dinner, my stomach cramped.  blank! blank! blank!As a result, I was up that following morning at 5am, throwing up...for 12 hours!  Yep, food poisoning!  To be sick in a strange city is not comforting!Ugh!  I should have trusted my instinct and dined elsewhere.Like I said...ugh!
4	Yes, the name is lame, but the food is good! Wow I just made 2 rhymes in 1 line. Hey that sorta rhymed too. Ok i'm done now.But seriously, my boyfriend and I went here when we just passed by it randomly. I love Greek food and I thought everything here was pretty tasty. I can't really vouch for authenticity, but I had the gyros plate and it was better than Daphne's. My boyfriend had some sort of lemony chicken piccata type thing, which didn't seem very Greek, but he enjoyed it. The portions here are so huge! We both had to take left overs home. I wish I had saved room for some baklava. Oh well, next time. And I hope there is a next time when I'm in Scottsdale again!
4	I tried this place out since it was right across the street from my hotel and Greek food sounded pretty appetizing after a long day at work. Here's what I ordered:-Happy hour sliders- two mini burgers (I'd say they were more like mini kabab sandwiches), one flavored chipotle style and the other flavored greek style (tzatziki sauce). Both had crispy onion ring things inside and both were pretty tasty. I think happy hour prices were 3 bucks for certain appetizers and 3 bucks for certain drinks (beer, all Skyy drinks, and house wine I believe)-Glass of Retsina- very reasonably priced at 5 bucks-Gyro sandwich with fries- fries were thin and crispy, gyros was meaty and delicious. The pita bread was different than most others I've had in the past, probably cause it was made with more oil and butter :). Ketchup and tzatziki sauce served in little containers on the side. I appreciate the tzatziki on the side by default because otherwise a gyros turns real messy real quick.Overall, very tasty food but not the best gyros I've ever had. Service definitely gets a 5!
4	I usually go to the one on mill, but this was a pleasant surprise. I liked the atmosphere and the service was outstanding. I wasn't too adventurous and neither was my girlfriend. We both had the gyros and they were great. The wine was good, as was the calamari appetizer. The other couple dinning with us also enjoyed their food. Would  I go back, of course.
3	Very small bar, but they did offer a Greek beer or two which was nice.Flaming cheese and assortment of appetizers was fairly good (hummus, baba, etc.) but pricey.  Falafel was among the worst I've had in the valley - larger balls, but very dry and too dense inside.  Not many other options for those of us who normally stick to falafel.
4	Voted #1 Greek Restaurant in Arizona for three years, this is my favorite place to go Greek.  Go to any one of the six locations in the valley, and you will immediately be surrounded by the mediterranean atmosphere of Greece.  Wall murals, paintings with the sea beyond, greek music playing, and of course...the food!Appetizers, and an empty stomach are a must here.  The helpings from any order on the menu are enough for two, so I would recommend bringing a group so you can sampe it all!Start with the Flaming Saganaki, the  wonderfully delicious imported greek cheese, flamed at the table with ouzo and metaxa.  ($7.95)  Follow that by the Fat Greek Dips ($9.95), which is an assortment of all the popular pita dips including various flavors of hummus and baba ganoush.  If you are new to Greek, do the Meat Lovers for all ($16.95), their "symposium of ecstasy."  Lamb chops, pork, chicken, beef souvlaki, gyro, mousakam pastitsio, and tzatziki.  Ideal for two or more, you can sample a number of well seasoned greek specialties.  My favorites are chicken souvlaki and gyro.  The souvlaki is very well seasoned and marinated, and grilled on a skewer.  The gyro is a combination of beef and lamb, carved off a rotisserie, very flavorful, very rich.For a lighter appetite, there are five different pitas to choose from (4.95), wraps, and many salads.Wash it all down with some Greek beer, I like the amber Athena.  Should you have room for dessert, try the Flambe Baklava.  It is stacked rolls of phillo dough with chocolate and honey, ice cream ball rolled in pistachio, and a shot of flaming bacardi 151....perfect end!
4	Ended up here again on another trip to Scottsdale. Pretty much was the same as I remembered it from a year ago. I was with coworkers this time and we got to try a few different things though:-Fire roasted feta was pretty good and surprisingly spicy (normally its not  in other places)- Tzatziki was good but not amazing. Redeeming factor= tons of pita bread came with both feta and this dish.- I got some sort of modified gyros wrap that was wrapped in a rosemary seasoned tortilla instead of the usual pita. This dish was tasty and had a TON of gyro meat in it. Unfortunately the gyro meat was the same as I remembered it last time -- good but not the best I've ever had. This wrap was huge; I was starving and could barely eat half of it. - I also tried a Greek beer but I don't remember the name...it was good though. Yeah I know, that was a pretty useless statement cause it won't help you when you go to order, but I felt I had to at least throw it out there. Overall, I'd go back if work brought me to Scottsdale again but I probably wouldn't go on my own dime.
4	My friend and I came to this restaurant after a really grueling Saturday swim endurance practice, and it turned out to be a good choice. The staff was friendly and attentive, our appetizer (sun-dried tomato hummus) and entrees (gyro dinner, pastichio) arrived fast, which we appreciated because we were really hungry. The food was good and the portions generous. Although I would have appreciated brighter lighting, the dimly lit evening atmosphere did make for a more relaxing experience.
4	My first stop in Scottsdale was the fashion mall, and apart from viewing some of the top tottie of the 'Valley' and checking out Barney's for $300 shirts (no thanks) and some of the Italian restaurants there, nothing spectacular.  Next stop was the olde towne Scottsdale, which looked weak (thank god for rental cars in Phoenix) but around 5th I noticed a Greek joint.  Unless you live in an igloo in Alaska, you can get Mexican/Southwest whatever anywhere.  Like I said the fashionista Italian joints seemed over the top to me, but I wanted something not burgers and not chili-whatever corona lime margarita.  This place saved the day (or lunchtime).  The heat of the afternoon met the cool attitude of the place.  I had a greek pasta which was great, my companion had a gyro with a pesto wrap and a greek salad which combined trad greek with contemporary.  Not that pesto wrap is new, but it works, baby.  They had ouzo shots on special, some overpriced Greek beers (I don't know any Greeks who drink that stuff) but it beats the hell outta the options I found that day.
4	I pretty much love everything there is about Greek food. I would be happy with absolutely anything off a Greek menu. That being said, you'd think I would be a little more picky considering this is a chain restaurant and not a traditional mom-and-pop shop. However, I've eaten here a few times and I've enjoyed it every time. Since it's a chain I doubt they start from scratch on every dish; however, the food has been nothing but fantastic each time I've come! Our server pointed me toward a mid-range Greek red wine which I didn't get the name of but was mildly tart with little aftertaste. The gyro sandwich is enormous and not greasy at all, and the meat is soft and chewy. Didn't come with enough tzatziki but that's because I like to drown my french fries in it as well as putting it on my sandwich! French fries were thin-cut and crispy on the outside, chewy inside. Happy hour specials are pretty good and they do "reverse" happy hour as well, which is later at night. The happy hour menu includes "Greek" sliders and mini pizzas which I don't think are on the regular menu. Spanakopita is flaky and the filling is lighter than expected! There is a hummus trio that comes with yet more pita bread, but I found that I prefer the original, plain hummus. The other two flavors I don't remember that well as I didn't care for them much. Mousaka is hearty and warm and a big dish. Awesome comfort food. For dessert, the baklava, while awesome with complex flavors and textures, was a little heavy (and a little oily on the bottom) and served with whipped cream, which I could have done without.Overall, I like to come here because I always end up liking what I order.
3	We went to this restaurant because it was within walking distance of our hotel and we both had flown in earlier in the day from either end of the country and were too tired to go drive somewhere. The food was good and flavorable. We both ordered souvlaki, but different types. The wait person informed us we could mix and match the different types even though the prices were different. We enjoyed that suggestion and ordered one stick of what we wanted and one stick of shrimp. I ordered the lamb. Both types were very flavorable. My boss had a beer and was surprised at the size of the glass. I had water (diabetic). It was unfiltered tap water and had the aftertaste I remembered from the time I lived in the valley. It would be great if they put a filter on the tap to get the minerals out of the water. My boss had the Greek salad and said they didn't miss anything there. I had the avgolemeno soup. It was good, but not as creamy as others I have had. We also shared the saganaki. It was flavorable and wonderful to eat. The only down side was the waitperson who brought it (not our regular waitperson) did a hurried lighting ceremony while standing behind me and without warning, so I missed half of it. They also split our checks, which was a great consideration.It surprised me to read the other reviews and find out this was a chain restaurant. The food was much better than I usually find in the chains.
1	My friend and I were down in Phoenix for a poetry show that night which ended about 10pm.  We hadn't eaten anything since lunch and were on our way to the hotel we were staying at for the night just around the corner from this location.  We wanted to eat prior to checking in- so we stopped in about 10:30pm to grab dinner. The restaurant was almost vacant, there were maybe 5 other people eating in the space and a rowdy group of about 10 people at the bar.  The guests- or so we thought- at the bar were quite a distraction- yelling screaming and carrying on.   We know the restaurant must be closing soon so we quickly put in our orders- Falafel pitas with Greek Fries- one of their specialties.  We quickly discovered that the rowdy bar crowd we were seated right in front of was not locals, or a big group of friends watching the game but were off-duty EMPLOYEES of the restaurant who were CLEARLY INTOXICATED.  This could be deduced from them knowing all the staff that was working and who kept going back to the bar to hang out.    Our food came out fairly quickly and looked and tasted alright.  Right after we started eating an older blonde woman in all black came up to our table and stuck her face less than 6 inches from our plates and began to examine our food.  She didn't touch it- just stared at it perplexed and then asked "WHAT did you order?!?!?"- we told her "Falafel pitas and greek fries". She scowled and exclaimed "That's a lot of cholesterol!" She then went to the table next to ours- who still had people eating at it- and asked if she could get them anything else- because she was a WAITRESS! I might add that our waitress was fairly polite and generally just looked like she didn't really want to be there.  While waiting for our bill- because at this point we really just wanted to leave and go to our hotel- the phone rang- the hostess told one of the bar crowd members that she had a call.  She ran to the hostess station to take it- immediately started using loud profanities and talking about how she didn't want to go to her "babies daddy's house tonight".  This went on for several minutes.  At one point the manager came out and asked her to quiet down- she was nearly shouting- but didn't ask her to take the call elsewhere.  Needless to say we paid quickly and RAN out the door. Later that night we were both up vomiting- more than likely from food poisoning. I will NEVER go back to this restaurant ever again. Terrible experience.
2	You know what? I really used to like this place but the last time I went here the host refused to seat us. He said we had to wait 10 mins despite the fact that his restaurant was completely empty. When I asked him why he wouldn't seat us he said he had reservations coming in in 15 mins. Well if your reservations aren't coming in for another 15 mins, why make us wait 10 mins? It doesn't make sense. And I'm sorry people, but there was NOBODY in the restaurant. The bartender actually started to seat us until the host finally showed up from his break and told her not to seat us. The main problem I have is that the host guy was really rude. I told him I would never set foot in his restaurant again and he got all pissed and stormed off like my five year old. Anyway, screw this place and their rude host.
4	The Beef Souvlaki is by far the best thing on the menu, to me. I would actually recommend that if you're unsure of what to order, any of the Souvlaki options are sure bets.
3	After arriving in Scottsdale from our 5 hour drive from San Diego, my friend and I were starved! We decided on Greek and decoded on this place as neither one of us had frequented this chain before. Atmosphere: chic meets Applebees. We sat and ordered; actually a bit disappointed in the menu selection... too Americanized for my taste. Settled on the pitas with Greek fries. Food came super quick which was great. The food was decent. Our server however was not the friendliest, think she's in the wrong job as people skills were not one of her best qualities. Would I come again, sure if friends wanted to go here but I would not suggest this place/chain myself.
5	This Greek restaurant is a great place to eat.We were in Scottsdale for weekend trip and contrary to some other reviewers - we found both the food and service top notch and professional.Greek fries are incredible.  Bruschetta was very good.  Ice Tea was actually brewed and served in swimming pool size glasses.Too much food - very good value and we took chicken wrap home - was just as good next day.So if you are sick of eating in chain restaurants, this place is for you.I wish they would entertain opening in Dallas, TX.
4	After having been in a few times for nothing more than beers and hummus, I finally had dinner here and it was great! The vegetarian Moussaka was to die for- extremely flavorful and well put together. I'm not really adding anything new by raving about the lemon potatoes and the rice pilaf, but yes, they were awesome too. The service was just okay, but I've had worse. I think the waitress got annoyed with me when I asked her if I in fact received the vegetarian moussaka, when I mistook some pieces of veggie for ground beef when she first brought out my dish. I got a snappy "yes" and she sort of ignored me for the rest of the night. Regardless, my experience was a good one and I'm sure I'll return.
4	great food affordable options!
1	I used to come here weekly, and always when my dad was in town.  Their food was incredible (almost anything on the menu made dad sublimely happy and he's a mega-foodie), their service was so... Greek-like, and the ambience was perfection.A couple months ago, Dad came to town and insisted we go, it had been too long for him and he was craving it. A big fan of the Moussaka and Oso buco, he ordered what they had on special... and was gravely disappointed.  My salad was bleh, and I mostly just picked at it.  Their whole make-you-feel-like-family vibe had vanished, apparently it was renovated with the interior.  Speaking of, the interior renovations... they did a great job making it look like every other place in Old Town.I have no idea who is running things, but a pink slip is on order. Pronto!
4	We've been here quite a few times, and it's been great every time!  We always order the combo platter and split it (Dinner for 2 for under $20 is extremely affordable in Scottsdale).  The platter has hummus, babaganoush, tsatziki, little Greek meatballs (I think they are called keftedes, but i don't remember), Dolmades (grape leaves stuffed with rice) spanikopita, and pita bread.  We love to just mix all 3 sauces together and put them on the pita bread with the meatballs and chow down.  The spanikopita is also delicious dipped in any of the sauces.  The atmosphere is always warm and exciting, and the staff is always friendly.  This was such a fun place to go on our first Valentines Day together :)
4	a friend and i walked in with literally 25 minutes to eat. we told the host and he was like "yeah, we can get the food out for you". awesome. we got some nice seats at the bar right in front of some flatscreens playing the giants game. honestly, 5 minutes later our food comes up nice and hot. the gyro platter was pretty yummy. the gyro meat was on point and there was a lot of it. my friend had the spaghetti and meatballs which was also very good. service was great and our waiter was super cute...definitely a bonus. =)
4	I have only been to My Big Fat Greek twice, but already the bartender and the manager remember my name. The first time I came in, I'd had a long day at work and just wanted a salad and some saganaki. I was not disappointed at all! The dressing on the salad is absolutely perfect, not to oily and not to acidic either. Trust me when I say, however, that the small salad is plenty for one person or possibly even two people to have. The restaurant iself is eclectically decorated and cozy. Each time I have been in, everyone is in a good mood and you wind up making friends with not only the servers, but the other patrons as well. A very friendly vibe.
4	Big Fat is always good for a quick bite to eat. This location is hardly ever busy, but the service is always fast, friendly, and efficient.
4	The Agaean club sandwich, if I spelled it correctly, is friggin' huge, and amazing, as are the Greek style frnch fries..stunning fries of the finest caliber, but you HAVE to ensure they are the GREEK style from the menu. The flaming Greek cheese is absolutely amazing, as well as the hummus - cannot go wrong with the hummus.
3	I love greek food, and I love big portions, but yet I would still just rate this place 3 stars. The best part was our starter, which was the hummus sampler. Each hummus was tasty and flavorful. They were sort of skimping on the pita bread, but did not hesitate to bring us more when we asked. I ordered the falafel gyro, and it was good, but not great. I've definitely had better- even at the chain Pita Jungle. My dad ordered the Moussaka, and he thought it was delicious. Maybe if I come back, I will order that instead? My favorite part of the meal, as ridiculous as it sounds, was the massive water glasses. I guess I consume a lot of water with my meals, and always feel like I have to bug the servers to bring me more. Well that's definitely not an issue here! Overall, A-OK pretty much sums it up.
4	The food really good, and the service was great.  WE sat in the bar for a change.  More quaint than the restaurant seating.  We both enjoyed a gyro platter.  One shared could have easily fed the two of us, so we took the rest home for another meal.  I give it 2 thumbs up.
5	Very good and reasonably priced! I love that Greek salad is an option instead of fries for the same price. I went with my parents for a late lunch and we all enjoyed our meals. I ordered the chicken pita and it was huge. I ordered a falafel, which was good, but I really love the yogurt cucumber sauce. If I ever visit my parents in Arizona again, I will definitely ask to go back!
3	Walked in here randomly the food was good.  The place was empty on a Saturday night which i was surprised but figured we would get served faster.  The Gyro was wraped in a tortilla (seriously?) is there no pita's in Scottsdale?  Also ordered the spanakopita it was tiny but tasty enough for two people.  The waitress couldn't wait to get us out of there by the bartender was friendly
4	The Big Fat Greek has zesty and flavorful food at a fairly reasonable price.  I have gone here for dinner and lunch time.  The ambiance to this place would be great for a dinner date.  I have tried only their chicken dishes, but it meets my standards in comparison to Greek food in LA.  I usually order the plate, which comes with a delicious Greek salad and seasoned fresh potatoes.  The service is very attentive and caring.  I felt like I got water or drinks every 15 minutes refilled.
5	I brought my young son here and had a great dinner.  I usually order a  chicken pita at the Shea location, but I asked the waitress for another idea and so I ordered what she suggested.  It was something I never would have tried on my own, and it was fantastic.  I really enjoyed my meal here and appreciated the super friendly staff.  I'll be back soon!
1	I went here for my birthday dinner tonight, my waitress had a very bad attitude. I ordered the Falafal dinner pita, these were the worst falafals I have ever had. They were dry, bitter, and crunchy... not in the good way. My waitress kept disappearing during the dinner, so water was very limited. When it was time for my birthday 'chocolate torte' it was basically just thrown on the table in front of me and the waitress just walked away. The torte was bad too, it tasted similar to dirt. But it was free so I can't complain too much. I really used to like this place when it actually looked like a Greek place rather than some stupid bar.
3	The fact that this place has some lunch specials that are reasonably priced makes it a favorite of my co-workers.  The food is always consistent and service is also good.  I can't complain. ;0)
3	We went there in April 2011. We ordered three dishes. The meat (kabobs) was moist and flavorful. However,  the rice was just too salty. There is a difference between flavorful and salty. The rice is just salty.
4	Gyro Pita + greek salad for $7 at lunch is my usual fare when I go. The greek fries are pretty amazing and the baklava is awesome too.  If you notice, there is a 20% off your next visit at the bottom of your receipt which is one of the many reasons that keeps me coming back.
5	I'm Greek, and usually very picky about my Greek food.My Big Fat Greek Restaurant has a modern, fun ambiance paired with classic greek favorites.  When we came they had most of the seating reserved because they had a party of 50 coming in.  Even with the place packed we had speedy service and delicious food.Try the flaming feta and humus.  For a great american/greek fused side try the greek fries.  To DIE for.
5	The Agaen Club is by far the best thing on the menu.  Try it once and you'll be hooked.  Can't go wrong with chicken, pita meat, and bacon all on pita bread.  Ask for extra tzatziki sauce.  Fries are really good also.  Drinks are huge!
4	My Mom says that the food here is very tasty and good and very reasonably priced. Must be, she took us there to eat ate at least four times in the three months that we were in the Scottsdale area, which is very unusual for her, she rarely eats in the same restaurant twice. This place can be extremely noisy, however, especially for us service dogs and our extraordinary hearing.
2	Not good...too salty and also, right after we are done eating, my group all went and had diarreah
2	Too much salt on everything. Reviews overrate it. Best atmosphere by day. Night feels more like sports & spirits bar.
2	The Yelp two star guide says it all, "Meh, I've experienced better".I used to come here on a weekly basis for lunch with coworkers because the location is very convenient and the prices were very reasonable for Old Town Scottsdale.   The food has always just been ok to good, three stars at best, and the service has always been hit or miss.  After going for lunch today, I remembered why we stopped going; the prices really aren't that good anymore and the service really stinks now!  The $6 lunch special ends up costing $12-$13 with a soft drink, making it about the same price as all the other lunch specials around Old Town. Service has gone downhill.  Today I had a $10 coupon, which I gave to the waitress before we ordered.  When she brought us the bill she gave the $10 coupon back and said it wasn't valid for use on the lunch specials, of which we ordered three.  You would think she could have mentioned this before we ordered.  As she told us this, I remembered another co-worker had complained about MBFG not honoring coupons several months ago. Even though the coupons fine print did not specify it was not applicable for use with lunch specials I did not challenge the waitress and instead put MBFG (all locations) on the ban list.  So now they lose potentially hundreds of dollars in revenue, because they are being shifty with their $10 coupon. Excellent management!
4	I really enjoy this restaurant. I am a fan of Greek food and very much enjoy the dolmades and chicken gyros. I did not give this restaurant 5 stars because the food does lack slightly in flavor in my opinion. Overall, the service and the food has been good. I have been coming to this location since they opened and stop in one to three times a year for my Greek fix! I recommend Omega Gyros too in Mesa.
2	It's been about two years since we went to MBFG in Old Town. After we were seated and already ordered the Saganaki, I realized why we hadn't been in such a long time . . . the place is a d-u-m-p!  The only atmosphere that reminds me that we're in a Greek restaurant is the startling cry of "Opa!" when the flaming whatevers are brought out from the kitchen.  Once I got past that, I was able to concentrate on the actual food and drink.  Apparently, they are changing the menu and they were out of quite a few of the better known, middle-of-the-road type wines and had only Greek varieties available. Greek wine? Would it taste like ouzo? The water, by the way, does not taste filtered, even with a lemon wedge, it tasted industrial strength.Saganaki, according to my friend and my husband, was divine. The combination platter was huge, enough for three people with dolmades, spanikopita, koftes, tzaziki, and hummus.  MBFG is one of the few restaurants in the area that put lamb in the dolmades.  Very delicious! The spanikopita was light, fluffy and perfectly seasoned. The koftes was also very flavorful. I am not a fan of their hummus (too sour), nor their tzaziki (too runny).  Their pita was on the hard side and a little too greasy for my taste. Hubby had the pastitsia which he enjoyed . . . a nice hint of nutmeg sealed the deal. My girlfriend had the Greek salad . . . a big disappointment.  It had all the right veggies, but the dressing tasted like Caesar . . . a major faux pas for my girlfriend who is the Greek food diva!I have been to the Paradise Valley location and the atmosphere is much more spirited and well, it just looks brighter.  The Old Town location is like eating in a cave.  If you can get past that, you can have an enjoyable meal.  I can't speak to the service since it was a very quiet Sunday night and our server was quite attentive . . .
2	Years ago, and I do mean years ago, their Mill Avenue location in Tempe, was outstanding.As they expanded, the food along with the total expierence has gone DOWNHILL, big time.Why has this happened ... they're doing franchising.  I'm suggesting a name change:"My Big Fat Greek Disappoinment"
2	We began our dinner by being seated in an area with ongoing construction, so while we were studying the menu we already enjoyed a generous portion of drill noise and sawdust. The restaurant in general looked like a crossover of wannabe-hip Athenian nightclub and American sports bar. Drinks: I was originally drawn here because one of the reviewers on yelp complained about having only Greek wines to choose from. Having spent many summers in Greece I love Greek wine, however at MBFG I was sorely disappointed because I was unable to find Retsina on the menu. While two people in my group went for a glass of Kretikos (at a staggering price of $7 each) and got a huge glass filled with a little bit of wine, I went for the Passion Fruit Iced Tea, which tasted decent and was huge, however it was watered down by the berg of ice it came with. We also got some water, which tasted as if the aforementioned construction was also going on in their pipes. Food: It might be that my standards for Greek food are too high, but to me MBFG was trying to be authentic and failed big time. Our waitress was very nice and helpful, however she was Albanian and had never heard the actual Greek names of the food. Asked if their village hummus was like fava, she responded by telling us of what hummus consisted. And while it is nice that they had three different kinds of hummus on their "MBFG dips" platter, I feel the need to point out that hummus isn't really Greek but Arabic. I wish they had offered some skordalia, fava and/or melitzanosalata instead. This would have also solved my second problem with the platter, which was that I was pretty sure that at least half of their dips were not made at MBFG, which is sad considering that they charged $14 for it. Our entrees were huge, we had both the Gyro and the Souvlaki platters. Sadly the highlight wasn't the meat but the small side of potatoes that was the only authentic tasting food I had here and the saving grace for MBFG. The gyro while OK tasting was not authentic and didn't come with enough Tzatziki. The Souvlaki was well seasoned, however it was covered in a strange white sauce instead of the traditional (and much more delicious) lemon juice. For $13 I would have also expected more than two skewers and some actual tomato rice on the side instead of the strange rice they served. Needless to say we left without ordering dessert and won't return. If you want Greek food go elsewhere, the only thing Greek about MBFG is their background music.
