1	WOW...this has been my worst experience since ive lived in las vegasfirst time in your shop at trop & jones...sat down with becky and she gave me a buzz cut and one of the other ladies pointed out to me that the $10 buzz cut that i was getting would no lnger be vaild after dec.1...i said thanks for the info, and proceeded to get my $10 buzz cut. after about 10 minutes in the chair, i went to pay. i then  gave becky my $4 off certificate which should have made my haircut or "buzzcut" be $6the $4 off coupon had absolutely no restrictions on it whatsoever,, but becky said she would not give me $4 off the $10 buzzcut....huh????.. the bottom line was she asked me if i was over 60, and she then charged me $13 less the $4 net $9 to me...what a ripoff, and besides that becky was extremely rude and loud in her manner. Needless to say, i'll never go back to a false advertising supercuts. There...i'm very i happy i vented and will send a copy of this email to yelp and anyone else who will listen...thanks.
5	Brenda took her time, and  asked me exactly how I wanted my hair cut.She was very pleasant
5	Stylist Brenda was very friendly, attentive and professional.  She listened to my requests and cut my hair as I like it.  Will definitely return for her attention.  Recommended.  All stylists there have done a great job and I look forward to my next haircut experience.
1	Just walked out. One worker not acknowledging our presence as he walks in the back room. The only other worker spending over 30 mins on a 3 length cut for a minimal hair customer. And I assuming a manager who walks in coordinating schedules.   Finally walked out. Been to many well organized and run Supercuts, this is not one of them.
1	ok so to star off, i have been going here for all my hair cuts and it was ok and charged me $15, now all of a sudden the price goes up to $17 (i dont mind paying but as long as its good) so i pay $17 and go to get my hair cut by one of the lady's working there. I tell her i would like it 1 finger length on the side and back and 2 finger length on the top. so she starts doing her thing and repeats what i told her so that she knows what she is doing, but no it was easier for her to make me bald. i feel so embarrassed walking around now. please dont go to this place if you dont want problems.
5	Came in, got a decent haircut and the person cutting my hair didn't talk my ear off. That's all I'm really looking for. If that's what you're looking for, this place does the job. I had Nicole cut my hair. 5 *****
