1	I wish there was some way to give it less stars, because 1 star is more than this "service-based" shop deserves.  I would use the word "lousy" except I'm trying not to use such a lousy word. :PSo here's my story.  I've been lazy in getting my watch batteries replaced, well, all of my watchs' batteries replaced.  I scooped up my 4 powerless watches, and headed to the nearest watch repair shop.  According to yelp and other searches, this was it.  I had no idea how much it costs to replace batteries in a watch ($30!!!), and instead of getting all 4 replaced at once, decided only to get my favorite two.  My absolute favorite watch is a silicone Swatch watch in bands of blue.  It's from their line of super-thin watches and requires batteries that are similarly thinner than normal.  The other watch, a silver Kenneth Cole, quickly had its batteries taken out and just as rapidly replaced and set.  The Swatch however, ran into issues.  The battery was easily gotten out, and employee #1 selected a battery to replace it.  But because of the width of the replacement battery, the cover wouldn't close right.  I bit my tongue because well... these people were supposed to know what they were doing.  There were 3 employees there, and they all took turn pushing, prodding, and even at times pounding at the watch to try to get that battery to fit.  10 minutes into it, I couldn't take it anymore and decided to go walk around the rest of the mall for a while.  When I came back, both watches were presented to me and I was told that "they work".  I believed them.  I was really used to not wearing watches, so it took me a couple of days to notice that my Swatch never showed any time besides 4:32.  I sighed and resigned myself to going back to see if there was anyway to fix it or get my money back.  At the store there were 3 employees, 1 of which was the main guy working on the watch the last time.  Another guy, I believe his boss, quickly took over the watch, remarked, wow, it doesn't work.  Right.  /sigh/  He went through a few of the battery drawers, looking for a battery they don't carry.  After I had been there for 20 minutes or so, I gingerly asked if I could get a refund.  No was the immediate reply, and I was directed to look at their no-refund policy next to the door.  Normally, I appreciate and respect policies that stores hold.  However, as I was absolutely assured that the watch works when I walked out of the door the first time, I didn't consider this a valid policy in this case.  I felt cheated, lied to, and incredibly pissed off.  There were so many moments between these two times where I just wanted to grab my watch back from their seemingly clumsy hands.  I stormed out of there.  The end.  I was offered store credit, but what the heck would I do with it?  Burn it, torch it, incinerate it whichever way I can???
1	This is another place that I figured I would have wrote the first review of...unfortunately, it seems this place is so bad that someone else beat me to it.I brought in a simple Fossil watch with a dead battery and asked how much it would cost to be repaired.  The man working there told me it would cost 10 dollars for a new battery but the rubber gasket which makes the watch water resistant would need to be replaced as well and that would cost another 7 dollars.  I agreed to the extra charge and left the watch with them.  While I was walking through the mall, I happened to realize there was a Fossil store there.  I walked into browse a little.  A very nice employee asked if I needed anything, I was just curious...so I asked if they replaced batteries for their watches there.  He said yes and told me it would be 8 or 9 dollars depending on the model and type of battery.I immediately realized I had been ripped off by Fast Fix but wasn't too upset because I figured it was my fault for not researching the Fossil store from the beginning.  Yet, when I returned to Fast Fix to pick up my watch, they still weren't done with it...I had been gone for over an hour.  After standing there for 5 minutes, the male employee loudly smashed the back cover back on and handed it to a female employee who looked it over and smashed it again for good measure(?).I reluctantly paid for the new battery and was about to put the watch on when I noticed a medium size scuff on the face of the watch and dozens of tiny scratches in the back cover.  This really made me upset and I mentioned it.  My comments were met with annoyed silence...to which I pointed out that they had over charged me, citing the price given to me by the Fossil store.  The male employee stood up and yelled at me for 5 minutes about while their prices might be higher - it is because they take greater care of the watches and use higher quality batteries...he also strangely added that he takes "all the liability and risk" of damage which also increases his costs.  I pointed out that they had - in fact - damaged my watch but made no offer to compensate me for the damage.  He told me I should have thought about that before I came in the store and pointed to the "No Refunds" sign.I told him to have a nice day and walked out - only to look at the watch and realize they hadn't even done me the favor of resetting the watch to the correct date and time.  I don't live in Arizona anymore but even if I did, I would never go to another one of these stores again - and especially not this one.  Take your watches somewhere else and save some money and a huge hassle...you might also prevent damage to your property.
2	I'm rating this as a two due to an annoying practice I find this business has had a practice recently that seems to be growing.  I have taken two Emporio Armani watches in for new batteries in the past and since I was planning a fashion square trip, I decided to bring in my Burberry to have the battery replaced.  I was quoted over $30 which seemed a bit steep, but then he tried to upsell me as he said it was guaranteed for a year, but for $49, I could get one guaranteed for five years.  He then looked at the watch and said I see the band was scratched.  Puhhhhleaz....hardly, he was going to charge me another $20 to clean it.  I was not thrilled, on the plus side, it was ready when promised.  This is one of those businesses where the unending upsell gets annoying.....fast..
1	Do not bring your fine watch to this establishment.  I was selling a a real rolex, so buyer wanted to bring it here to get authenticated.  This jeweler said it was not a real rolex and buyer did not want to go to any other jeweler and I lost the sale.  Since then I have brought the watch to two pawn shops and another jeweler in Scottsdale and each have said the watch is authentic and that rolex is the easiest to determine.  If this jeweler does not know a real rolex they have no business claiming they are an experienced jeweler!
1	love your watch and your money, dont waste EITHER by going to this shop or similar. I read review of E D Marshalls on scottsdale road just south of SHEA, and went there instead. 5 dollars, less than 5 minutes and my invicta quartz had a new battery and re-set chronograph for time day and date. beautiful shop, fabulous display of high end watches, yet stunningly FAIR, fast, accurate and inexpensive service. thanks YELP for helping me make the right choice !
4	Friendly people and great quality of service. They took a couple links out of my watch and now it fits perfectly. :)
1	During my morning commute I pass a jewelry store that advertises replacement watch batteries for $5.  Can I remember where I have seen this sign? No.I've been ignoring my watch case full of watches needing new batteries.  I rely, daily, on a self winding watch that decided to quit working two days ago.Wearing a Technomarine watch temporarily, I brought it to Fast Fix last night.  Asking the price of a new battery, I was told $30 because the watch is a Technomarine.  I asked the price had the watch been a Timex.  $25.00.I didn't have them replace the battery for that price.  Walking about 100 feet down the mall I asked a jeweler what they charge for a battery replacement.  $15.I told this jeweler what Fast Fix was charging and he just shook his head.  In the end he wouldn't take my money for the replacement and asked me for my future business which he will receive.My perception of Fast Fix was that they were the only game in town, or rather Scottsdale Fashion Square, for a battery replacement.  They are not. Most of the mall's jewelers will replace batteries for significantly less money.  In this case the price was half Fast Fix's price
4	I lost a rhinestone on a watch and Fast Fix fixed it up fast! Go figure! In about 20 minutes (for $10) they made my watch look like new. They even shined it up a bit!
5	Pleased to find this location so close to my home. Used to go to Fast Fix in Chandler, but it's out of the way for me now. Was carrying 2 chains I needed to have soldered, and came upon this Fast Fix in Fashion Square in the mall around the corner from Macy's. I was THRILLED! Got my chains soldered, reasonably and in under an hour. Finished my errands at the mall, and picked them up on my way out. Pleasant, positive experience from the jeweler and counter person. Will be back again! Thank you FastFix Scottsdale. You made my day!
1	I was going to a big event and needed my watch battery replaced.  I called and asked if they would do it and they said yes come on in!I ran over and my watch had to be examined for value and the battery cost was based on their perceived value.  I was told a ridiculously high price so I ask if they could do anything--- I was offered a 10% discount.  HOWEVER still confused why the battery cost more in my watch versus a Timex his response was "don't worry about it!"  I said I WILL worry about it as it is MY money I am spending.  He repeated several times "Don't worry about it".  I was furious and I never got that discount.Next day--- My watch doesn't work!!  I took it into another shop at Keirland across from Ann Taylor and they actually fixed it (for free).  The battery was not installed properly and compartment not cleaned.  Would never ever trust them or return.  I contemplated stopping payment they were so horrible but I left it to lesson learned.  So Fast Fix--- This is me not worrying about your horrible review on Yelp :)
5	I have been using Fast Fix Jewelry for many years!!   I have gotten watches sized, bracelets fixed and many other things.  The staff is always nice and friendly.   They even fixed things free of charge if it was been in the location before!!  I would not go anywhere else!!  I love this store!!
5	Quick, excellent customer service, and I've never had a problem with any repair or battery replacement!
2	I had previously written a review for this place because they did a great job on my previous jewelry repairs. I've had to update, however, from a horrible experience I had about 2 weeks ago. I had called this place 2 times to confirm they had the parts to replace an Iphone 4S screen. They confirmed this both times.Finally, I brought my phone in to be repaired and they said it would be done in 2 hours. I return 3 hours later and they tell me they couldn't repair it because they didn't have the part. I wasted 3 hours walking around the mall (more time than necessary) and they didn't even call the contact number I gave them.Incompetent on all levels.
5	While I'd read some questionable reviews about Fast Fix other jewelry shops at the mall didn't want to take on removing a ring that wouldn't slip off. Fast Fix stepped up to the challenge for $20. After a specialty designed ring removal tool failed to cut through the stainless steel ring, they took me in back with their master craftsman ( I think his name was Antonio) and had him use an air powered ryobi-like tool to cut it off. He made a shield to protect my finger then spent 20 minutes diligently working his way through the sturdy metal. I really appreciate this as the ring was starting to dig into my hand and started causing real problems - If Fast Fix hadn't stepped in I might have needed to go to the ER to get it removed (likely more than twenty minutes and $20). BTW $20 for a watch battery installed or $10 to remove a watch link is fair when you consider mall rent - your simply paying a premium for convenience.
5	Excellent quick service. Replaced a watch battery in under five minutes. Friendly clerks. I will continue to return
1	I would recommend you take your business elsewhere.My fiance's engagement ring lost a small diamond, so I went to fast fix to see if they could fix it. I got there 10:30am, the person behind the counter couldn't even give me a quote for how much it would cost and said I needed to wait until 11am when the jeweler arrives. So I browsed the mall a little bit, came back at 11:10, still no jeweler, he was late. Finally at 11:20 he arrived, and said it would cost $100 to fix. Seemed expensive to me, but it was urgent so I agreed. I picked the ring up the next day.Later, it lost another stone in a different place. This time I thought I would try a local jeweler instead and was amazed at the difference! The jeweler fixed the ring for $25, and I was in and out of the store, with the ring fixed, within 8 minutes, no joke. I felt so ripped off by fast fix that I decided to write this review.I will never go back to fast fix, they are way more expensive, and slower, than other jewelers. A better name for this business would be Slow Expensive Fix Whose Jeweler Shows Up 20 Minutes Late.
1	STAY AWAY!!!!!!! Horrible service. The old man cussed in front of my 5 year old after I had my husband's watch in the store to have a link removed and when I picked it up the pin was gone and the watch would not work. I was told it would be 30 minutes and still not ready after an hour. Will never go near the store again.
1	Let me just say there is nothing worse than when a relationship goes sideways.  I've been coming here for years, as I have a small watch collection and always come here for my batteries.  Their 5-year warranty is a super deal...but then, this evening, it all went terribly, terribly wrong.Three weeks ago, I brought in one of my watches thinking it just needed a battery.  They told me it needed a new mechanism.  It would cost $185; they would have to send it out; and I wouldn't get it back for six weeks.  Although I was pretty bummed, there didn't seem to be much choice.  So I paid the $185 for the watch and settled in for a long wait.  Two weeks later, they called to say the watch was done, which would seem like extra special good service.When I went in to get the watch, the young man immediately noticed a problem.  The watch didn't have the proper time.  He gave the watch to the watch guy who fiddled with it for a few minutes.  When the watch guy came out, he told me the hand was just getting a little stuck, and it should be fine now.  I put the watch on my wrist and left.About an hour later I looked at my watch, and it was on the exact time it had been when I picked it up.  It never actually worked.  And then I got to thinking about it:  Initially they said they would have to send it out and it would take six weeks.  So, why was it done in two?  I would be willing to place a large bet it's because they decided they could make a few bucks by doing it themselves and not "sending it out."  Do I think my watch got a new mechanism?  Well, I am planning to send it back to the maker, and I guess they can tell me the answer to that.When I went in to talk to them about it, there was only a young man and the jeweler working (neither the manager nor the watch guy was there).  I explained everything to the young man and said, "You know, at this point, I just want you to refund my money, and I'll send it back to the maker."  He said, "Well that's not going to happen."  What exactly did he think my reaction to that statement would be?  Maybe he could have tried, "You know, I don't have the authority to make that decision.  I'll need to have you speak to the manager."  That would have made sense.  But NO!  Nick, as it turns out he is called, thought it would be a good idea to call the shot on this.  After I became fairly upset, THEN, Nick decides to say, "Well that would be up to the manager."  No kidding, Nick.  If this had been the totality of the problem, the relationship might have been salvageable. Sadly, that's not the case.  When I picked up the watch initially, before I knew there was a problem, I also brought in an earring I wanted reconfigured so that the two stones in one earring would make two separate earrings.  The jeweler came out, looked at it, and said it would be no problem.  He would just add a new jump ring to each stone and they would be done in an hour.  It would be $24.95.  Remember:  a new jump ring.  That's it.  Not a new bezel.  Not a new ANYTHING else.  A new freaking jump ring. On the same night I went in to discuss the problem with the watch, I also needed to pick up these earrings.  And what to my wondering eye did I behold?  A bill for $24.95 TIMES TWO.  I said, "Oh, that's a mistake, it's one pair of earrings.  The man quoted me $24.95."  The jeweler who I dealt with came out and said, "No, I meant $24.95 EACH."  And then Nick, who WAS NOT THERE when the quote was given, decides he's going to weigh in.  "Oh, yes.  That was per earring."  Okay, Nick, now you and I have some real issues.  But seriously, when he said $24.95 was I supposed to know that was $24.95 to put a tiny jump ring on EACH stone?  I asked if the price on the earrings in the case was for one or both?  Have you ever charged PER EARRING?  Earrings are a set.  If they sold mittens, would they charge per mitten.  Socks?  Shoes?  Shoelaces? Earplugs?  Okay, so now I'm pretty worked up.  I was going to let them keep the watch and have the manager call me tomorrow.  However, at this point I told them to take a long look at their computer and consider how much money I had spent there.  Yes, they agreed.  I had spent a lot of money there.  Well, I said, "that $185 for not fixing this watch.  And the $53.04 for the $24.95 jump ring on the earrings is the last money you will ever see from me."Maybe Nick and his manager will have a nice chat about this.  But, my guess is, probably not.  So, since this site is all about helping other people out, let me just say, the young lady in front of me was getting an explanation about why the engraving on the back of her watch was crooked.  Yes, they were justifying it.  Crooked engraving!    If you need something besides watch repair, engraving or a simple jewelry repair... oh forget it, I still would NEVER recommend this place.
1	Recently visited this shop to have a battery replaced in my watch. (Old Tag Heuer)  In the past this was  $10-$20. I was very surprised that they quoted me $79. They mentioned that this would include new seals, but would not guarantee the watch would still be waterproof.  They also mentioned that for $49 they would simply replace the battery. I wanted to get the watch running again, and did not want to chase around town, so I had them install a battery. However I believe this is too expensive & will need to find a new watch shop.
1	I paid $200 dollars to have an emerald set in a ring here. When I picked up the ring, the stone was off center by over a millimeter. When I asked the jeweler to please center the stone, his reply was "oh yeah, I noticed it was off center and thought that was weird." So he reset the stone, this time or was center, however when I got home I noticed that the emerald was not securely fastened and that it was actually slightly moving around in the prongs. Upon further examination I realized he did not file down the prongs, something that will lead to hair and clothing snagging on the prongs constantly. Terrible service and craftsmanship and unreasonable prices.
5	David, the good looking Jamaican man was very helpful and polite. Ladies he's available. ;)
1	I wish I read Yelp before going to this place.  I needed my Tag  battery replaced and was quoted $79.00 which should have made me walk out right there.  But I was in a hurry and the sales guy said they pressure test the watch, reseal it and give a warranty for 5 years on the battery.  When I picked up my watch the guy behind the counter couldn't tell me if the watch was tested and had no paperwork to give me on the results of what was wrong with my watch.  Then he got rude when I started asking questions on what was done to it.  All they did was put in a $5 battery for which I am a fool for agreeing to.  I will never go back.
5	This is where my Fiance bought my wedding ring and I just love it. The customer service is amazing here and the staff is just great. Once you walk in the staff is very welcoming and they are very courteous. The prices are great and very reasonable, they will work with you all the way. I come here every time I need something repaired, I bring my fiances watches as well as any other jewelry that needs fixing. I recommend Fast Fix to anybody out there that needs to buy or get anything fixed. I haven't been disappointed and I'm sure you won't either.
1	Unfortunately, I must recommend not to conduct any business with Fast Fix Jewelry and Watch Repairs.  The staff is completely unprofessional and I have never been treated so rudely in my life.  I was actually shocked and walked away thinking "wow, how do those people even have a job?"I have never written a negative review before, I usually chalk it up to someone having a bad day.  I have worked in customer service for 10+ years and I know it is exhausting and bad days happen.  But this is a special occasion.I drove 30 minutes to try to find someone who could help me repair a watch band.  I was barely greeted upon arrival and right away felt like I was bothering them.  The girl behind the counter obviously just wanted me to leave, the blond kid working snapped at me when I asked a question and when I re-asked in order to clarify what he said he snapped again and said, "I already told you?!?"  "Is this even authentic?"  Shouting at me over his shoulder as he work on something else. I was shocked and just stood there put my watch away awkwardly and left with no one else saying a word to me.  There are a lot of places that fix Jewelry in this city and I will be taking my business elsewhere and recommend that people reading this review do the same.  Some places, just do not deserve a loyal customer base.
1	Do not go here! It's a ripoff! I should have walked out of here the second they told me it would be $20 to replace a spring bar pin (usually I pay around $5 whenever it breaks), but I really needed to get my watch fixed and I didn't know of another place in Fashion Square Mall that could do the repair. I commented that $20 seemed a little steep, but he said that it's an expensive part. No, it's not an expensive part! This place is just ripping people off and I would recommend that you take your business somewhere else. I wish I had.
2	Slow and expensive.  Told me 20 minutes for a new watch battery... took an hour.  And it was almost $100 for a watch battery replacement!  Way too expensive.  Wouldn't go back.
1	I called Fast Fix this morning to get a quote for replacing the screen on my cell phone.  I was quoted $500 - almost as much as buying a brand new phone.  I called another shop and was quoted $130 for the exact same repair.  The reviews are accurate - stay away!
1	I should have read the reviews before making this mistake.  I ran into the same thing as most other Yelpers.I wanted to get a new battery put into a Movado watch to give a friend for Christmas.  I know from experience that if you go to a Movado retailer they often put one in for nothing.  Cartier does for sure.  Most retailers love you coming in for "nothing repairs" because it keeps them in mind and its a very small cost of doing business to change a cheap battery.  So why did I go to Fast Fix?  Damned if I know.  I had to take an important phone call that I didn't expect as I was waiting in line here, so I just had my girlfriend drop it for me knowing we'd pick it up when we were done shopping.  So she did, and an hour later I pick it up for $50.  Come on!They gave me the spiel that they checked the seals and stuff.  Whatever.  Its a nothing quartz watch that they put a $3 battery in.  The crystal still had the smudges on it like it did when I brought it in so they really didn't do anything to clean it up.I griped and the punk kid told me that "its a category 3 watch and that is the price...the seal checking is all figured in.  No extra charge.".  What are they even talking about checking the seal?  What does this even mean?Total ripoff.  Word to the wise, go to a retailer that carries the watch that you need a new battery in.  Look around at other jewelry and make sure that they know that you'll buy from them next time you need something.  Nine times outta ten they'll put the $3 battery in for nothing and clean it up really nice for you.  More than these goofs did for $50.Never again.  I would have paid $25 and not felt raped.  But $50 is robbery.  Shame on me for not getting the price before I dropped it off...but once again I had to take that phone call (My friend was putting her cat to sleep suddenly) or else there's no way they would've bent me over like that.  I just hope they go out of business soon and recognize the reason.  Its not the economy guys.  You're crooks.  Thats the reason.
