3	Semi-hidden away in a Garden's community, this park is filled little kids and dogs. So, if you can put up with an annoying excessive amount of crying kids and barking dogs, it's actually a pretty decent park. It's a pretty small sized park. On on side, there are basketball courts, tennis courts, and even a sand volleyball court. As well as gazebos with BBQ grills. Walking across to the other side, more gazebos and the community center in which you can rent our for events. The park itself doesn't offer as much open grass areas as I would like, but it suffices. There's a grassy area, enclosed by small bushes, which is a great place to hold a little football game. Also, it offers what a lot of other parks don't have..      - Horseshoes area     - Bocce Ball area Parking is decent, and never seems to get full.
3	Nice little park.  Always lots of stuff going on and a ton of people.
4	I have been at this park several times usually riding my bike on the way through.  I did take the time this morning to stop and sit in the shade near the bush maze on the east side that Ken mentions in his review.The dogs in this park are certainly plentiful, but when I'm coming with my bike, they tend to move out of the way so Fluffy doesn't get clipped.The park has so much to offer.  It's a super space in the Gardens neighborhood of Summerlin.
4	Large park and in pretty good condition. Could use a little cleaning and updating. There are a lot of people here on the weekends, and is now my sons favorite play area...
3	The lights over the roller hockey rink are not working.  I called and they said they are off because of a pending lawsuit regarding the rink.  I ran a search through court records for Garden Park and Summerlin and other key words that could be in the Party name of the suit and nothing surfaced.The rink is very dangerous because it was built by someone who knows nothing about hockey.  The boards are not boards but a chain-linked fence you could kill yourself on if you crashed into it, or at a minimum, rip your gear up.  Second, a few inches off the rink along the edges is a protruding concrete ledge that the 'fence' is mounted on, creating an even more dangerous right angle you could split your head open on.  Lastly, the rink is adjacent to a sand volleyball court and the wind brings much of that sand into the court creating very slippery conditions.The players know this and therefore they are a lot less physical than they are at the properly built rink at Anthem Park.Unfortunately accidents do happen and it was only a matter of time that a suit would be filed.Problem is that they aren't going to turn the lights back on before the lawsuit is settled which could take forever.I know this won't matter to most people since roller hockey enthusiasts are few, but it's a real bummer for folks on the west side of Vegas who now have to travel all the way to Anthem to play at the only other outdoor rink.Would be nice if they installed proper hockey boards but my guess is that they'd tear the whole thing down before doing that.
4	This is a nice park with roller rink where a lot of people play hockey, and tennis courts and the like.  There's definitely some things that most parks don't have which make it unique.   I will say however that the sand volleyball court (of which I play as much as I can), is very misplaced and doesn't have quite the fencing it should.   It's probably a 3 ft fence that fences it from S. Town Center, when you can pretty much crush a volleyball and have it bounce into the street easily.  Not sure if I'd want to bring my AVP ball at all.Other than that, it's actually a pretty large area where a lot of people walk/jog and when I go after work, there's usually some sort of football or soccer practice.  Never really paid attention, but I did see a lot of parents in chairs sitting along the edge of the field when I glanced that way.In any case, it's one of many nice parks in the Summerlin area.
4	Overall it is a very nice park to spend time at anytime during the year.  The grounds are very well taken care of and well lit at night.  I think it is the nicest park I go to that has a roller hockey rink in it.  My friends and I like to use the roller hockey rink but we use it to play street hockey.  We normally play there either Sunday mornings or nights and Wed nights.  If you want to join us and play look up Las Vegas Street Hockey on the Internet.  The rink can get slippery due to some sand coming into it from the volleyball sand pit right next to the rink.  I normally try to sweep up as much sand as I can before we play.  The rink is a very good size, fences are high behind the nets, but I wish the nets were still there.  The fences along the side help since you can use it to make passes off of.  We also like that the cement dasher board is right up against the fence.  The other rinks all have a short cement dasher and the fence is a few after that so the ball always pops out of play if higher than a foot.  Five years ago they always had nets there not sure if they got stolen or something.  So now we need to bring our own nets to the games. Wish the nets were still there maybe they need to bolt them into the ground or something.  Otherwise the biggest problem we is that the lights go out at 10pm.  It would be great if the lights could stay on until 11pm as they do with some of the other places we play at. We just wish that the parking lot was closer to the rink but that's not a big deal. It would just make it easier to carry all of our equipment to and from the rink.
3	I would've gave this park 5 stars just a year ago but recently I feel it's going downhill. They redid the play area and didn't even replace it w/the same colors. Now the slides are all mismatched and looks bad. Then my husband and son always love going to the roller rink and playing hockey there. About a yr ago they removed the nets now its being misused. And they can't even play a father n son game of hockey. It does still have going for it Tennis courts, volleyball court and basketball courts. Along w/a huge grass area. Also has bocce ball court, horseshoe and shuffle board area. I really hope they restore this park soon. Cause it was always my favorite.
4	Nice little park in the town center area between desert inn and the 215. Has a community center, a huge grass friend, jungle gym, and roller skating ring, 1 full sand volleyball court, 2 tennis courts, and 1 full size basketball court (total 6 hoops if u split the court in half then quarters)Lots of grills around the park and sitting areas. Great for parties or gatherings. Been here countless times for BBQ's hosted by friends or for tennis or basketball. Parking is on the north and south sides of the park. Occasionally, they have a small farmer's market gathering here as well
5	I really enjoyed this park! It is located in Summerlin, right off of Town Center Drive and Desert Inn. There is a large children's area with a huge jungle gym/play area, as well as lots of grassy areas, a volleyball court, tennis courts, and a basketball court. There are also lots of grills and picnic tables with seating. There never seems to be a problem finding parking, and there is lots of space to roam. Dogs are supposed to be kept on a leash (we got a warning), but we did see plenty of dogs that were off the leash to play with their owners. I don't know how consistently the rule is being applied, but that is the rule. This is a great park for kids and adults alike!
5	This is a really nice park that is half a mile away from a major freeway.  With its proximity to the freeway, the traffic is contrarily very light and quiet.  There is a big grass field in the middle of the park.  There are parking on both long sides of the park, which makes the park very accessible from either end.  The children seem to enjoy the playground even though the swing sets or whatnot may have mismatched colors... The walking path along the park is tree-lined and creates a very relaxing and serene scene.  There is a farmers market at this park every Thursday, and it appears to draw the community together. The public bathroom is somewhat basic, but I won't deduct any points because I rather the government spend the minimum on no-frill bathrooms than on fancy automatic hand faucet and perfect mirrors that will eventually be vandalized.
5	This is a great park to go to... I think it's my favorite park in Las Vegas. Located in Summerlin the Gardens Park, is a quiet, safe, and fun park for all ages to visit.   I have a BBQ there at least once a year... The picnic areas are perfect for a get together. If you're looking for exercise, it's a perfect park for you. There's a huge open grass area perfect for football, soccer, frisbee, flying a kite, or letting your dogs run free. The trails are a great place to walk, bike, or ride rollerblades. They have sand volleyball courts, basketball courts, tennis courts, horseshoe pits, and many other fun activities. Once a week, the Gardens Park hosts an awesome Farmers Market. It's a great place to find local goods.There are plenty of parking spots, so it's always easy to find a convenient parking spot
