5	Went through the 2 week night course back in July...it was very interesting and the time set aside to practice making drinks is fun.  Yeah, it's not real alcohol but it does give you a chance to practice over and over again without guilt.
4	ABC Bartending is probably not as fancy as you may think it should be. But it will give you the knowledge you need to make it into the Bartending business. As for me, I still haven't gotten a job yet, but can't really blame ABC Bartending, since they do give you leads on where to look. My schedule already consist of a full time Casino Dealer.  But to keep it real, I did like the business, but location wise can probably be in a better setting.  Located on Sahara Ave, in between Lynnwood and S Van Patten St. You'll see a big two story orange building with blue poles. Mainly on the second floor, next to TAM of Nevada is the ABC Bartending school. It may be confusing at first, but its convenient. I did like the fact that next door was TAM of Nevada, where we don't have to go far to get our TAM card. It is a small area, but it is big enough for 8 bartenders to be up and learning at the same time. Of course, classes may be at least doubled, or even less then 8 bartenders. But they do have classes every week. You can take one week, 6 hours a day, or you can two weeks, 3 hours a day. Its depends on your schedule, and they do have classes in the morning, afternoon and evening. My experience, I took the two weeks course in the afternoon. I thought it would be cool to check out the Bartending world, and see if I could get my foot in the door some where. So I tried it, I got a chance to learn a lot of drink making, get some hints on how to remember drinks. Figuring out the pouring and understanding which glass is for which drink. Also understanding the job duties of the bartender, what not to do, and what is expected of you, either by opening the bar or closing the bar. All that is taught to you during your schooling. You will also get some index cards to keep, so you can always refer to drinks, either that you forgotten or just making sure your doing it correctly. After your schooling, you can always come back and practice and be able to get job leads that will help you in the right direction. I know some schools may teach flairing, or how to juggle a bottle in a fancy way. But this school is focusing on making drinks, which I like about. I know other schools may have their own method, but ABC Bartending makes sure you get a good understanding of your job duties. You can probably learn flairing on your own time, but not all casinos or bars allow flair. I would recommend this, if you really want to get an understanding on making drinks and trying to get into the Bartending world. If you don't mind the confined space, but if you think about it, some places are confined to small working area. ABC Bartending is probably a good way to get a good understanding of the Bartending World.  As a student of ABC Bartending, you also get a discount on your TAM card.
3	I took this class in april and I got an A.  Great teacher really funny. Wish there was more they could do then just give leads because the leads I found for these jobs that they gave me are always the same. Majority of the leads they get are on craigslist already.  I could have done that on my own.  I thought they were going to be a little more helpful in finding a job placement than that. Oh well the class was still fun. Wish I got the groupon but missed out when it was up and needed to take the class.
5	I was skeptical at first. I got a Groupon to take the two week course and it was a good deal. It's in a sketchy part of town, located upstairs in a suite building. Bums and less-than-friendly characters hang around downstairs, and there's a "special" massage parlor if you get my drift. But upstairs where ABC is located is clean and safe. It's a small room with sets of bar wells and walls of fake liquor, and a broom closet they call an office.Gary is the owner and morning/afternoon instructor. He looks like Santa Clause in a Hawaiian shirt, but he's a nice guy. I took class with Larry who runs the evening classes. Morning/Afternoon goes 5 days a week for 2 weeks for 3 hours a day, evening classes are 4 days a week for 2 weeks for 4 hours a day. Larry was amazing; high energy, full of useful knowledge, and amazing to learn from. The book you get when you take the class is awesome, it goes through basic drinks, how to properly interview and other great information.It may not look like much, but I was glad to take the class. Most of the students are around 21, mostly women. Everyone was super friendly and we all had a good time. Once you graduate, you can get information from Larry about what casinos are hiring. Every week he gets new information and will help you the best he can to get a job. That's great service!
5	Newest graduate of abc! Greg and Larry were wonderful instructors and gives out great stories and tips to help memorizing drinks! Definitely a fun learning environment, study hard, get an A and receive a letter or recommendation! I'll be back for refreshers courses!
5	"I need a Screaming Orgasm!" I just graduated from ABC Bartending School and I have to say that it was an amazing experience. I took the one-week intensive course, and actually attended the night classes as well, and I feel that I learned everything needed to start my bartending career. Both Greg and Larry are exceptional teachers that definitely want their students to be the best. They are both very nice and give each student the attention they need in order to be successful. I ended up getting an A in the class and received a letter of recommendation. A word to the wise, though, that A doesn't come easy as most of the work is done at home, memorizing the drinks is key. I didn't get a Groupon rate like others on here, but I feel that the price I paid was very fair, considering I was able to attend all the classes I wanted, practice as much as I wanted and am able to attend the refresher courses in the future (which I definitely will). If anyone is looking to take a bartending course, look into ABC Bartending first. The glowing reviews on this page are no joke.
2	Instructor, Greg was great and all of his stories were very helpful in memorizing drink recipes, but building was very poorly maintained! Bugs were crawling all over my station and the place smelled awful. Really ghetto neighborhood too. The school promises job placement and a letter of recommendation if you get an A. I was an A student and the job placement is a joke. The receptionist does not even know the right phone number you're supposed to call to get on the leads list. Also the letter of recommendation is not personalized at all, in fact, my name was misspelled and all it says is that I was an A student plus a bunch of garbage about what the school is all about. I suggest you try somewhere else.
5	My boyfriend and I both signed up for  this class.  I am a cocktail server and  he had been a bartender a while ago.  Greg was an amazing teacher.... He was funny and made things easy to remember. If you have a decent memory and actually study... You will fly through the class.  The  building  is in need of an upgrade  but  we were still provided with everything needed to be successful. Highly recommended.
5	I came to ABC with no prior knowledge of bartending, or alcohol for that matter (besides graduating from one of the top party schools in the nation)... I learned so much in the 2 weeks that I was there and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to become a bartender, cocktail waitress, or to anyone who needs to brush up on their skills. Greg was the best! His stories were hilarious and really helped me study and memorize what I needed to, not to mention the (funny) facts I'll be able to knock my customers socks off with. When I first pulled up to the building I was hesitant because the neighborhood was a little sketchy, but I urge you to take a look inside! I drive a nice car and parked it in the lot everyday and soon realized it wasn't so bad- no one is going to mess with you or your car. Back to the school, I feel like I know more than half the bartenders I've encountered already... I can't wait to show off my skills!!! From the drinks-to dealing with gaming machines and earning tips Greg taught me everything I needed to know to jump star as a bartender.
5	I've had lots of questions about job placement following up my first review. They don't really do job placement like you might hope. They just list places that have openings or potential openings.Your best bet is to just hound and apply like crazy to any bar back/bar apprentice position you can. A LOT of casinos don't consider Bartending Certification real training. However if you study and keep up on your knowledge, you'll be fine. I've been to places where they said, "Bartending training, huh? Name 5 whiskeys and the recipe for a Cosmopolitan." Impress them with your knowledge and your persistence. Otherwise...jobs are incredibly difficult to come by. 2 years later and I still haven't found a bar position!
