2	I was a pretty big fan of Zipcar a few years ago.  It worked well for my needs.  To save money, I cancelled my membership for a while.  Later, I paid the $75 signup fee and re-registered.  To actually use my account, I needed a new card.  And it's been a big pain since then.  Every time I logged into my account online, Zipcar would pop up with a big message: "Your Zipcard is in the mail!"  So I waited.  And waited some more.  After a couple weeks, I tried emailing Zipcar.  No response.  Then I tried calling the Pittsburgh office.  They told me they'd send out a new card right away.  Never received it.  I tried calling the main Zipcar number, but it prompted me for my card number and gave no other options, so I couldn't speak with anybody.  Then I tried to call the Pittsburgh office a few more times.  I always got a machine, left a message, and never got a call back.  Tried to email Zipcar again, got no response.  I called the Zipcar 800 number again, got around the robot  by making up a Zipcard number, and spoke with a person who sent me a new card.  I kinda kicked myself for not outwitting the phone robot earlier, but so it goes.I made a reservation and walked a half mile to the Zipcar nearest to my house.  My Zipcard wouldn't unlock the car.  Called Zipcar, which unlocked the car for me and told me to dig around in the trunk for a spare Zipcard reserved for occasions such as this.  No Zipcard in the trunk, so I wouldn't be able to use the car I'd reserved.  The rep offered to reserve another car, at a more expensive hourly rate, two miles from where I was standing.  I declined.  Now I'm waiting on another card in the mail.  If the new card doesn't work (assuming I actually receive it), I'm cancelling my membership.  Port Authority can be a pain, but at least I know it'll take me where I need to go.Maybe I've just experienced an insane string of bad luck with Zipcar, but I'd say that if you really need reliable transportation and you either haven't received your card, or you have yet to use a new card, don't depend on Zipcar.  If you've passed the card hurdles, Zipcar may work out for you.
5	In a city that's so dependent on the car, I love that Zipcar even has a presence in Pittsburgh at all.  True, the cars seem to be disproportionately located downtown, but I've found the locations to be quite convenient and accessible.  In fact, Zipcar has enabled me to forgo renting a car during my stay here, and instead use their service for the occasional long-haul errand.  I have my eye on a Mini Cooper that I'm just waiting for an excuse to drive...
4	I've been a zipcar member for a year and use it whenever I need a car bigger then what I have to carry larger items.I like that cars are almost always available where I live.  The cars are definitely used hard and often have a lot of scratches but they're city cars and not mine.Zipcar is easy to use and the prices are very fair for what you get.
3	3 stars, with an itch to give a 4th because it's just so cool. but, there are some issues that should be addressed.I had similar frustrations as Alyson Y. signing up. In the online application, I was given the option to have my card mailed to my home address, or I could pick it up at my local office in D.C. lol. I have no idea where they came up with D.C. being my local office when I live in North Oakland here in Pitt.So, I had it sent to my home address. The emails were confusing, i got one on Friday that said it should be at my house that day. By Tuesday, nothing, so I emailed them. They said it hadn't really been mailed out until Monday (3 days/1 business day after the email said).By Thursday, I still hadn't gotten anything. So, I filled out the online form that most closely matched my situation: requesting a new card. I got an auto-reply saying they would mail it out and charge me a replacement fee.A bit frustrated, I called the support phone number. It's true they don't make it easy to get through without a card id number, but I just kept trying 0 and # until I got a person.I got a guy on the phone, he was very helpful. He didn't understand why they had D.C. as my local office either, but he canceled the replacement card and instructed me that I could walk down to the office (about 1/3 mile from where I work) and get a card there that day. Which I did, and it was smooth sailing after that (so far, knock wood).Just for fun, I took out a car twice that night. They were a bit dirty, but it's been a nasty couple of wintery weeks here so it's understandable. The car's are kinda stripped down, I was surprised neither the Audi nor the Hybrid had automatic lights. But the whole experience is just geeky and fun.I work downtown, and live in Oakland; so for me the zipcar locations couldn't be more ideal unless they put one in my driveway.I think the main thing that makes it such a great value for me is the deal I got through my employer. No application fee, no monthly fee, just the low annual fee. I think I will still be using my old rental car company for longer trips, but with with gas and insurance included? I dunno, it might be cheaper to stick with Zip exclusively.I am going back to Cincinnati this weekend and was happy to see there are Zips there as well. (how did i miss that when i lived there?). So, instead of renting like I usually do, i think it will be greyhound and cincinnati's zipcars for me this time (they are a couple dollars cheaper there too:)That brings up my only real complaint. When I first heard of this concept, I thought the strength would lie in the ability to just pick up a car, go where you want, and drop it off for the next guy. I.e. one-way, short term rentals. Seems so much more green. Since Zipcar requires you to leave the car where you pick it up, that greatly limits the usability of this whole concept. Competitive one way option, Zipcar, and you will corner this market.
