3	Not much going on here usually, but you can usually get cheap drink specials....a good place for overflow traffic if it's much more popular neighbor, the Cafe Momo is packed.
3	Like the other guy said - useful if another restaurant is packed (like the Old Fashioned on the night  I went there).  Wouldn't be my first choice though since the scene is completely dead here.  There were a couple elderly couples there, but that's basically it.  Not exactly where you want to spend your sat night...Pluses include good prices on specials here (greek/mediterranean mostly), and a very flamboyant, entertaining main waiter.
2	I really liked this place for a while - it was kind of undiscovered and had something about it with the half-assed decor. They also have a super-random patio area.But the last time we were there, the bartender was a complete jackass - and also decided that shots are going to be 1/2 size tonight.Will I go again? Probably, because it's so close - and they do have $2 rails on Tuesday or Wednesday.
2	Mercury was a summer staple for me years ago, mostly because the bartender never once charged me for a drink. We also worked out a deal on their near-empty 80s nights with DJ McFly: you give us $2 PBR tallboys and rails, we'll pack your bar weekly. It worked out for the best - the Merc actually made money and we had a weekly dance party that we didn't have to clean up after. In the seven or so years that have passed, Mercury has gone downhill (or, realistically, stopped offering the perks on the side that made it worthwhile). On a recent visit, the only people at the bar on a Friday night were our friends - all there to hear our friend DJ. I do love they have an ample back patio (something I don't remember from years back), and the drinks are apparently still cheap (I don't know for sure, I only had one and a friend purchased it), so it's not a total loss, and if they keep letting our friend DJ I'll probably be back. If I do go back, though, I'll have to remember to stash a roll of toilet paper in my purse, as they were completely out of paper products. No TP, no towels, no napkins. How you don't keep a stockpile in back, I don't know. Even if your regular delivery falls through, you'd think for a Friday someone would have run up the block to Walgreens to buy a few rolls or at the very least asked a neighboring restaurant to help out. Also, friends, keep an eye out when coming in from the patio - the back step tilts downward and slippery shoes or a drunk gait might send you tumbling.
3	is toast.  Or rather toasted.  It burned/was heavily water damaged by the Underground Kitchen fire a year ago or so.  However I see signs of life as of last week (2/2013)...so we'll see what reopens.
