4	Used to be Curve II (yes, there, at one point in time, were 3 "Curve" diners in Madison.  All equally greasy).  Now the new Willaby's.  I was nervous at first.  My experiences at the Willaby's on Willy St. have been defined by sour cream for my coffee.  Would the new location bring new dairy products?  Thankfully, all was in order.  Great food.  Cheap.  Cheerful and pleasant staff.  No wait.  No pretense.  Great food.
4	i'm biased (friends with the owner), and having been recently transplanted within walking distance of "the diner", i couldn't be more pleased. the weekend staff (i haven't been on a weekday in a while) are always alert and attentive (which means a full cup of hot coffee).they have huge portions (i never finish my omelet), and large cups of coffee. the bomblet is my fave; it's a mix of melted swiss cheese, basil, onion, mushroom, and tomato. or you can grab an egg sandwich (with a slice of american), or a huge fresh-blueberry pancake without breaking the budget.one thing that can break an establishment is the lack of consistency, and the diner will never be in jeopardy of that. no matter who's cooking, your omelet will always be the same.
4	When I used to bum around Madison, this becamse my breakfast retreat. Generous portions. Great omelettes. Hot sauce on the tables. Greasy spoon and a nice staff. Simply put, I will always enjoy dining here.
2	Decent pricing on the JuiceOk Pricing on the BreakfastWAY TO much seating for the area that they have for my taste.
1	My wife and I attempted to eat at the diner at 11am on a Sunday and the best part of the visit was the parking spot, which was quickly ruined by my wife stepping in dog poop.  We grabbed the only available 2 person table, which had yet to be bused.  The frazzled 20-something server came over, apologized for the table and NEVER CAME BACK.  After 30 minutes of watching her frantically running around, people leaving and another "server" bringing out food one plate at a time, we decided to leave.  I'm still a bit upset that we didn't get to try the food, which seems to get good/great reviews.  But whadda ya gonna do?
5	Fair Oaks Diner is wonderful and I always am extremely satisfied when I go there. The cherry cobbler is amazing, and all the special omelletes are delicious. The atmosphere is homey and feels warm.
4	We really enjoyed this place. Our server was kind and attentive, and the food and prices were very good. I love the decor and will most definitely be back!
