4	You would think that since this Carl's Jr. is next to a new In N Out Burger, that this place wouldn't stand a chance.I thought so first at too, but let me tell you -- Carl's Jr's variety in their menu sets them apart .Their chicken sandwiches are hard to contend against.  My all time favorite (because of taste and healthiness) is the Teriyaki Chicken Sandwich!Only 510 Calories, 17g per sandwich.Combined with the Light Minute Maid Lemonade it is an awesome and low calorie meal. The shakes are also top notch!Food is a 9/10.Service is a 10/10.Cleanliness is a 10/10.This is going on the work lunch rotation list!
5	Great burgers, chicken sandwiches, salads, and breakfast items.  Can enjoy the $6 dollar burger either with bun or low carb style.  One of my favorite burgers!
5	So why would I be giving a Fast Food chain location a 5 star rating? For some reason, THIS Carl's Jr. is one in a million. Yes, there is an In-and-Out across the street but this Carl's Jr is everything In-and-Out can't be. First of all, THEIR SHAKES!!! Carl's Jr. shakes are hand scooped, and mixed upon order unlike they're competitors across the street. The chocolate shake IS the best I've EVER had from a drive thru. Point for Carl's Jr.Second, the hand battered chicken strips were literally hand battered, i watch the guy through the service window dip and fry. The single best chicken strips i've ever had (but they may need new sauces, tired of BBQ...but still outstanding nonetheless). Point 2 for Carl's JrLastly, Hours. 24/7 on the weekends and midnight on the weekdays. Brilliant for my late night guru-ness.Worth the drive!
4	Customer service has been top notch on every visit. Their food is consistent and I only get two things here (not including my drink) which is the spicy chicken sandwich and criscut fries. They're my classics :)
3	I haven't tried much on their menu but their chicken guacamole burger is good, and so is their turkey burger.  However... they advertise hand breaded chicken fingers and WOW they are REALLLLLY GOOD.  The bad part is they are over priced for em though.
4	I'm a Carl's Jr fan for their fried zucchini and their crisscut waffle fries. The biggest thing about this place is their chicken sandwich. I definitely choose their chicken sandwich over any other fast food place in town that is. The chicken isn't breaded and its always tasty and moist. Their customer service could be a bit better though but it doesn't stop me from coming back.
1	I have been eating at carls jr for 30 years. Their restraints have always been good or bad, meaning you know which ones to eat at and which ones to avoid. This place was one of the good ones but appears to be making the move from good to bad. Yesterday, the food was horrible and incorrectly made, the restaurant and the bathroom were both dirty, and the service was not good. It was as if the manager was AWOL and the workers did not care about their jobs enough to step up and run the place correctly. I don't know if I'll ever return to this carls jr. Looks like we are going to have to find another one.
1	I went here because of long line at IN n OUT across the street...It took 5 minutes to take the order of the car in front of me,and10 minutes for me to get a FN Berger! this Place is SLOW!  I should have waited in line at IN n Out
