5	If you are looking for an Optometrist in the area, look no more!  I had an appointment yesterday and am thrilled with my new glasses and contacts.  The staff is very knowledgeable and they are all awesome.  Tom fitted me for my new glasses and he was a total laugh riot!  Dr. Maynard was personable and even recommended a few restaurants in the area for me to try!  They have designer frames and the office was nice.  It's in a "strip mall" and looks kinda shabby from the outside, but is very cute and clean inside.
1	I was referred to this office by a coworker who just raved of this place.  When I got there the receptionist was on a personal call and neglected me for about 5 minutes.  Then, what appeared to be the great grandmother that runs the place came out she scolded the receptionist right in front of me.  They finally gave me the paperwork and I started completing it.  20 minutes later my exam started which was very thorough.  Without asking me, they took my contacts and "polished" them for a $20 charge.  I was PISSED!  After the exam they tried to sell me new  frames HARDCORE.  Their selection is very boring, overpriced, and unorganized.  I decided to keep my own frames and just get new lenses, which I got lots of attitude for.  Two and a half weeks later I got a call that my frames arrived and I asked if I could send someone to pick up my glasses since I was on a tight work schedule.  They said okay.  FOUR TIMES I had my friend drop by, each time spending 20 minutes waiting to pick them up.  My glasses turned out well but the experience was AWFUL and I don't recommend going here at ALL.  I'll continue to search for what seems to be the non-existent good optometrist...
5	I have been going to this office for 3 years and have a wonderful experience each time. The staff is efficient and friendly. The optometry tech is knowledgeable and makes the appointment fun. The exam is the most thorough exam I have ever had.  Dr. Maynard takes the time to explain the exam and answer questions. He also informs you of new advances that can help improve your vision and make things more comfortable for you. I have purchased frames from them and that process was a blast. The staff has a ton of experience when it comes to finding frames to fit your face. It is an absolute pleasure every time I go to this office. I have referred 5 people there and they say the same thing after visiting.
5	Went here 3 years ago on a recommendation from a friend, after ditching my other optometrist. This place is awesome! The first time I went the exam was SO thorough and they explained everything along the way. I had some issues with the torric (astigmatism) contact lenses I had to wear, so I kept trying different brands. I ended up having 5 eye appointments in 6 weeks until we found the right lenses. I had a late afternoon appointment almost every Friday for a month and a half, and no one ever batted an eye. Every time I went in I saw the same person, they had all of my records at the ready, they knew what we were doing and why. There was no explaining the same story over and over again, and they kept trying lenses until we found one that worked. I don't think I've ever had that level of service in a medical office.When I went back for an exam a year later it was the same thing.Their prices on contact lenses aren't the greatest (I order mine online) but the service and expertise can't be beat!
5	I've been seeing Dr. Maynard and his staff for 10 years.  These guys are great! Everyone here is extremely professional, patient, and thorough.  Whether taking multiple days to fit the most difficult contact lenses, or just administering all the tests I need to maintain my eye health year after year, Dr. Maynard and his staff go the extra mile to make sure i'm satisfied and all my questions are answered. Everyone working here takes eye care seriously, but they all manage to make it seem fun.  And Dr. Maynard and his staff seem to try and stay current  with all the new technology in eye care so I feel like I'm being treated by very knowledgable, informed people.
5	Dr. Maynard and his staff are so great! I came to him some 10+ years ago after a Phoenix eye doctor did too many RK surgeries on my eyes. He and the staff are so patient and they worked with me fitting many types and kinds of contact lenses. After many trials, I see 20/20 in my left eye. The right eye need a cornea transplant due to damage from from the RK. The entire staff is so professional and my only wish is that Dr. Maynard never retires. Thanks Doc! Steve D.
5	Went in for a check up. The staff was friendly and the doctor, very professional. I can't speak about their selection since I didn't need glasses. See you again next year, Camelback Eye Center!
