5	Ive only been here twice as I do everything online but both times I was treated with two different and Very nice customer service reps. Both handled me with care and class and I was very impressed.
5	My first impression of this field office for Cox is pretty strong.My ancient Linksys WCG-model Cable Modem + Wireless Router was about eight years old, and finally went Tango Uniform (erm...that is...it died). I showed up at this outlet about 5:45pm, and they closed at 6pm. There were five people in front of me. You walk in and you have to "register" your name on the kiosk right next to the door, which helps keep customers served in the order they present. And there is this big screen television (like, *BIG*...screen Television... bigger than I could even imagine putting in my home...) that the group of us gather around waiting for our turn.This guy that works there, his name is Art. He's sharp and fast. He served four of the five people that were waiting in front of me... in ten minutes. My name was called, and I explained to Art all I needed was a modem. Nothing fancy. I already bought another wireless router, I just needed the modem. Art had me out the door in less than ten minutes. The modem was already registered on the network when I got home.I connected the modem straight away, it "green'd up", and within a couple minutes I was good to go.Successful customer service is hard to find in Las Vegas. I found successful customer service in this field office, thanks to Art. Because, you see, I wouldn't have the ability to write this review otherwise...
5	I came into the store just so I could drop off my cable box. As soon as I walked in, an associate approached me to see what she could help me with. I just told her I had to return THIS and she took it and we walked over to a kiosk. She said Jenny? YUP. That's me! Printed me a receipt and BOOM, I was done! In and Out. Perfect.
1	For over a week I have been trying to get internet started, I go here, everyone is nice and relaxed, and I am given a modem, and told that my internet would work as soon as I got home... NO... Four days later, over three hours on the phone with Cox, I still don't have internet. Tech support tells me to contact the store, as they did everything they could do, and the lady didn't know what she was talking about and transferred me BACK to tech support!!!!! Believe me, I will go out of my way to go to another Cox store, one where they know how to do their job... Oh, and the modem didn't work... Go figure...
1	This review is for Cox service not this store. I have had Cox for 6 months and my bill rate went from $87.28 a month to $132.81. When I called to find out why my bill jumped up so much I was told its because I don't have a land line and I was in a promotion. If I added a land line my bill would drop too $122 a month. What? I need to add a service I don't need and it will save me $10 a month?!? I guess Cox forgot they have competitors I just ordered Dish Network and my new rate is $89 a month and I get more movie channels than I currently have.Good bye Cox, you just lost one more customer.
4	Let's be honest here -- nobody likes having to go to the cable company. You are either returning equipment, paying a bill, or resolving some issue that is driving you batty. In Vegas, we used to have to go out to that super scary Cox out in North Las Vegas. It was worse than the DMV and reminded me of a Greyhound bus station. Luckily we now have this Cox location in the Southwest. It's new, gleaming and very comfortable. They have a soft booth area with a t.v. to watch as well as plenty of seating and phones you can play with while you wait. Go in, enter your name on the computer, and wait for them to call you. The employees here have always been friendly, helpful and knowledgeable (yeah, I just said that and I'm telling you the truth)! Unbelievable, I know. I have had to go here 3 times in the last couple of months and I've never had a bad experience and I haven't had to wait more than 15 to 20 minutes. If you have to go to Cox, it's worth the drive to go to this location. Plus there's an In-N-Out Burger next door so you can grab lunch!
1	Not much to be said here, they suck. If you use them, you know they suck. They're rude, supply poor, antiquated services and get away with it because of the lack of competition. I'm guessing it will take a while before we get anything like Google Fiber in Las Vegas, but hopefully Google does to them on Internet service what DirecTV did on TV, show them how to treat customers.
3	Dependable service. Decent speeds available. But high price for higher speeds which are most needed. When compared to many other countries and their pricing, the US has slowest internet and higher prices.
1	Store told me one thing and Cox told me another.  They really don't know much about customer service.  I have had all kind of issues.  Internet, TV and then I find out the whole thing would of been cheaper if I got a phone and bundled.  Of course that means I have to buy a phone.  What a monopoly.  Satellite here I come.  Stay away from COX in Las Vegas people, it worse than playing the slots.
1	Worst wait ever. Longer wait than a doctor's office just to return some equipment.  This store needs to hire more people.
1	Horrible service. Stood in line forever while employees hid in the back. Directv here I come!!!
1	While our entire community was down this morning including internet and digital cable we called cox and got an obnoxiou message.  They couldn't answer the phone!!!!What??? Perhaps a message stating they were having system wide problems would have been more appropriate.  In the past when I have phoned them there is at least a half hour hold time.  IMO their customer service is HORRIBLE.
1	1.5 stars.   The internet I had was decent.  The cable is expensive but dependable.  The customer service is beyond awful.  I actually cancelled my service because of their customer service department.  It took over an hour to get something sorted out, then a few weeks later I called back to follow up and ask why it was not fixed.  Apparently the first person didn't write any notes or do anything at all.   I cancelled and had to pay a 126$ early termination fee, no biggie.  I returned the receiver to the store and a month later was charged 725$ to my bank account.  I called and asked what the charge was, they charged me for the receiver (which was already returned), the modem for internet (which I purchased the day I signed up), and the early termination fee (expected). I called customer service again and asked why I was charged for the receiver which was returned already and for a modem that i own. They said they will fill a form out to request a refund and I should see one soon.  A month later, I received a 494.50$ check in the mail.  I called and ask why it was not more.  After talking to about 6 different people, I was still being charged 129$+ tax for the modem which I purchased over a year ago.  She then stated that she would fill another form out which takes 30-60 days to research and then cutting a check takes 15 days. I cancelled my service may 30, 2013. It is august 7 now and have not received the refund yet for the modem that I bought on day 1 of service.  She acknowledged that I purchased it and said the billing reflects it, but said she could not refund until it was researched.  WTF? Lol. I'll update when I receive a check. Beware
1	Came here just to return cable boxes. It was obvious what we we doing, since we were standing there holding them. John could clearly see it. He chose to wait till we were next in line to tell us that the procedure was to check in first. Rude. Annoying.
1	(Rant about Cox Marketing, not the acutal store) Where do I begin...I received a marketing call on 9/19/14 from a rep pitching for TV deal. I told him I would only be interested in adding TV service with the existing internet service if I can get ESPN and sports channels. He assured me several times that I would get sports channels with just $30 extra on top of the internet bill. Our household doesn't watch much TV so I wasn't interested HBO or anything but he offered that as well. So I agreed to have TV service installed. I asked him to schedule it for the following Wed as I'm off on that day. So I run my errands and waited for the installer to come between 1-3. By 2:30, I was afraid he's not showing up. I looked up the email to double check the appt time and I realized he scheduled it for 9/25/14, Thur. I was like what?! Why did he schedule it for Thur when I asked him Wed? So that was the first frustrating part. So I called the customer service and rescheduled. Anyway, the installation tech was very friendly and helpful. He apologized he didn't get the order to install for multiple TVs which I told the "marketer" guy couple times that we have 3 TVs. Nonetheless, he took the time to properly install the service. Now is the most frustrating part...NO ESPN or any sports channels! When the markerter was making the sales pitch, I asked him and told him I'd only sign up if I get the sports channels and I mentioned ESPN multiple times. Why? Why? Why? Why did he waste my time and promised something totally false than what he delievered? When I called the customer service again, a couple different guys tried to resolve the issue. They were helpful and apologetic but I wasn't willing to pay $60+ extra for TV service we don't watch much of. So I ended up cancelling the cable right away.Maybe there's too much "pressure" for Cox marketers to make the sale? I really feel like he lied just to make the sale. I asked Cox tireview the call he made on 9/19 and correct the issues. Customers should not be lied to and mistreated. Overall, it was very much of wasted time and a lot of frustration. I will never ever sign up with anything over the phone, esp. through the Cox marketers. I've been using Cox service for many years in the past and I am a happy internet customer. I think they provide reliable and fair service for that so I will continue to use Cox for their internet service.
5	I was hesitant to visit this location due to bad reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised. Two employees opened the door for us and greeted us as we came in. My husband and I were immediately helped by John and our problems were solved. We were in and out within ten minutes. Definitely not as bad as others make it out to be!
1	I'd give 0 stars if it were an option.  Since becoming a customer, my internet has gone out several times a day, every single day I've had this service.  I've had three techs out to "fix" it which obviously none of them have.  I was told the problem is because the area is "populated", LOL I don't live in an apartment complex.  I live in a home.  This company tried to charge me for a tech visit to fix their error.  LOL again.  I was lied to about which cable channels I would receive, and the list could just go on and on.  This company is absolutely horrible.  They over charge for all of their services and don't follow through with the what they offer.  Very sad they are such a giant in this industry.
5	Came in just for a co-ax cable. Chris T. provided excellent service; no charge for the extra cable & also went over the details on other services & on-demand (never use it). I highly recommend this shop. Every time I come here, I'm greeted at the door & assisted with exceptional & professional service. Always very quick & easy. Been a customer for over 12 years! Happy one too.
