5	As the son of a man who owns literally dozens of guns, I have been to just about every dealer of them in the Vegas Valley. But none are as good as this one.There are tons of gun stores in the area, and plenty of them have rude staff that get all anal-retentive when you try to  look at their merchandise, or just try to "browse." That isn't the case here. The staff members are all very helpful and not pushy in any way. It's a diverse staff, and everyone has a good knowledge of the products in the store. It's good to see a store like this that still has that "ma and pa" mentality going on. These people WILL take care of you.The selection of merchandise is excellent as well. Pistols, rifles, shotguns, accessories, this place has a little bit of everything. Their "on-hand" selection may not be as big as some of the larger stores in the valley, however they are more than happy to do a special order should you desire something the store doesn't have at the present time.Prices are also better than a lot of the big-name competition. I admit, these prices aren't massively lower than the competition, but everything on hand is priced honestly - so the store can make a profit and stay in business, but not screw over the customers. Though at times, I have seen products carried here for sale at other gun stores, for sometimes upwards of $100 more. One minor complaint I have is that the store no longer offers concealed weapons classes. Being in Henderson there aren't a whole lot of options for this, and this has taken away an ideal spot for it.If you're into guns and looking to add a few to your collection, or you're just new to the gun scene and curious, check this place out. With good staff and good prices, there is nothing substantial to complain about. This is a gun store done right.
5	this is a wonderful place to visit and shop. one of the best local gun shops. this isn't a go to store for all your tactical needs. this is just a very nice shop to visit if your a hunter or like to sell and buy firearms. they also have a decent section for reloaders. i have sold guns to them and picked up a rifle and handgun this year alone. everyone there is a delight to deal with except one guy i've encountered. but he can not stray me away from this shop. a great place.
5	Spurlock's is such a cool store!! It is one of those gun shops that makes you feel good when you walk in. Every single person at this store makes you feel so welcome and they are quick to help you or strike up a conversation. Any one that has been in this town a while and frequented other gun shops knows how hard that is to find. Prices are competitive and usually always has a great inventory.
5	I have purchased firearms and ammo from Rance and team, and have returned a few times for adjustments to sights to fit my shooting style.  Always cheerfully accommodated, I fell welcomed and that they appreciate my business.  Prices are entirely reasonable, and I like sporting a local business that cares about customers.  No shooting range, a strong assortment of rifles, and improving the handgun assortment after the winter buying frenzy.  Entirely worthy of regular visits, these guys know guns.Follow up 7/13/13 - I learned that Rance Spurlock passed away while on a trip to Africa.  My sympathy to his family and co-workers.  He will be missed, and I expect that his outstanding legacy will continue.
3	Overall great customer service but a little upset about their Sig/ Sig accessories selection. Prices weren't bad at all. I will probably go back to get a better look at what they do have but I have yet to find anyone who stocks Sig magazines
5	went in with an AR problem and they fixed very fast and were fair on cost. then had another problem with ammo in same gun and they knew in secs what was wrong and cleared the weapon. these guys know thier stuff and have good prices. great service and no pressure with very large selection.
5	the staff there is really friendly and knowledgeable. Very nice even I did not show any intention to buy a gun. Explained to me everything for a beginner of gun owner. Will definitely buy again.
4	Great store, very helpful, Acknowledged me upon entry.    Guys in the store were very helpful and personal.  Store has large selection of firearms, both black rifles and hunter types.  They have a section for hard to find reloading.  The only thing that not so great for me is that they are in Henderson, but hey that's just a reason to ride my Goldwing.
5	Over the years I have done a large amount of buisness at Spurlocks. Everyone there is polite and provides good knowledgeable service. They have very fair prices and really try to do all they can to help the customer out. Anyone looking for quality products with quality service check out spurlocks
5	I got a very good deal on my used Beretta and traded it for a Glock. The selection is not vast but they have some unusual items not found in most shops.The shop is more "Hunting" oriented which is probably why there are more of the harder to find cleaning supplies at this shop.
5	I Went in to look at a few pistols and the staff was excellent. Had great knowledge of their inventory and was very pleasant to talk to. I did buy a pistol from them and am very happy. I will go back for my next firearm and highly recommend this gun store for anyone.
5	My favorite gun shop, and I usually  hate gun shops :P.  Spurlock's  maybe a lil on the small side but I think it makes for a better experience. I hate the gun mega stores, sure they have a  large variety but the roided up douche bags that work there make me not want to give them my business. The kind that won't acknowledge you when you walk into the store, who probably couldn't make it in  law enforcement or the military so they gotta play rambo wannabe.  You tell them you want to look at a 9mm or hunting rifle and they tell you about their custom build AR 15, as if you care. Rant over..Anyways let's talk about spurlock's this place is great and has a small town charm to it. The folks that work there are friendly, knowledgeable and down to Earth. They carry a lot of clearance items, so be on the look out for some good deals. Like many other previous reviews, this store is geared more towards hunters. I personally just do target shooting, but they carry enough goodies for my needs as well. The store is rarely crowded so you will almost always have a chance to talk shop with an employee or get some questions answered. All in all this is my go to spot when I need to go to a gun shop.
