5	I would have given it 4 stars, but if I did and my wife read the review, she'd kill me.  (all right, 4 and half stars...).  Extremely elegant place.  The decor, the ambience, if you want to take someone out for an elegant romantic evening, this is the place.  Candlelight, an acoustic guitar playing in the background (spanish guitar).  They have a superb wine list, and the food is very good to excellent.
5	Okay, so it's not filled with the youngest, hippest crowd in town, but you can't get more elegant and romantic than this place. My husband and I were given a gift certificate to the Palm Court as a wedding present. So we decided to use it last Sunday evening for a combo birthday/anniversary dinner. Things could not have been better. It was one of those meals that takes over 2-1/2 hours but not once ever leaving you wondering where your server went off to or when your food would arrive. Each course of food was better than the last, and many of their dishes are prepared table-side. Kwan, our waiter, told my husband that he's been in the restaurant business 35 years, and it really shows. He personally prepared many or our dishes flawlessly (while waiting on and doing the same for many other tables). So here's a run down of what we ate... We shared the prawn appetizer (prepared table-side) recommended by Kwan. It was in a butter/cream sauce and served with risotto. It was very tasty, and I found the two shrimps apiece were the perfect beginning to our dinner. Next, my husband had the lobster bisque and I opted for a wilted spinach salad (again done table-side). The bisque was really delicious, but sooo rich, I don't think I could have handled more than my one taste. The spinach was a wonderful memory of what spinach salads used to be like before we all cared so much about fat and calories. For our entrees, the hubby had the Dover sole (one of their (again table-side prepared) signature dishes), and I had the rack of lamb, as it's one of my all-time favorite dishes but often not done very well and always too fattening for everyday consumption. Simply put-- both were magnificent!! Even the accompanying sides were yummy. By this point in the evening, we were both about ready to burst, even after saving half our entrees for lunch on Monday, but we couldn't pass up the banana's foster, as it evokes a personal, happy memory for us. Before we could order it, Kwan and staff brought us a lovely cake for our special day. None of that corny chain "happy birthday" singing, just the cake, a candle and a some privacy. After a few moments, Kwan returned and asked if we'd like them to cut and serve our cake or if we'd prefer to take it home with us. Since we had another dessert choice in mind, we took it home. Last night, we had it for dessert; yum! A few additional notes... I agree with the other reviewer, the Spanish guitarist in the lobby just outside the restaurant was wonderful. They really go the extra mile in customer service... we had match books on our table that had been printed with our name on them (and ones that said Happy Birthday and Happy Anniversary). And it goes without mentioning at a place like this, but your water (and everything else you need) never goes without refilling without you even being aware of it). Keep in mind this is not a place to go if you're watching your diet. I told my husband that we did the dairy industry proud; we consumed enough butter, cream, etc. to keep many cows busy for years to come! But you can really taste the difference when real ingredients are used. The meal wasn't cheap-- over $250 after tax and tip (for the food plus a moderately priced bottle of California sparkling wine)-- but we both decided that it was money, calories and time well spent! So, in closing, you want an elegant, romantic dinner and don't care about seeing and being seen at only the hippest places in town, give Palm Court a try. It's been around forever and hopefully always will be.
1	What the hey-all is wrong with my fellow Yelpers that they aren't lambasting this place?  Granted, I am rating off 1 visit, but I don't think I am out of line on my evaluation.Arriving late at the hotel, we were desperate to eat.  And that's never good, ever, but especially not in this case.  Talk about a rip off.+1 Star - Service.  I have to give it to these guys, the service was very attentive.  The waiter, the tableside chefs (?!), the busboy, the sommelier, the bread guy, the drinks waitperson... Oh, no wonder the service charge.........- 2 Stars - Service Charge.  CRIMINAL.  I cannot believe, for the life of me, that a service charge of - get this - 21% - yes, 21% was MANDATORILY included on the bill.  Re-fricking-diculous.  We usually tip in the 18-20% range, but in this case, it felt like a rip. Why was it a rip? could it be.......- 1 Star - Price.  A glass of wine, $10.  Okay, that's no biggie.  A BEER - $11.50???? Are you kidding me? A bottle of Fat Tire for nearly $14 (when adding in the service charge).  What. The. Hell?  Oh, and the rest of the prices were stupid, too.  We had: lobster bisque, caeser side salad, ratatuie (spelling!), shrimp appetizer, one glass wine, 2 beers.  How about $78?  Rip off.- 1 Star - The Food.  Just not good.  Had that lobster bisque been the best ever, or the caeser salad been edible (the word stale comes to mind), had not the shrimp tasted like they had languished for days in the fridge, etc etc, I would have felt less ripped off.  Yes, they prepared the salad and the shrimp (oh, did I mention that there were a grand total of THREE actual shrimp on the $12 plate?) table side.  That was cool.  But the taste.  Meh is flattery to these folks.- 1 Star.  Again, the Food.  I want to be clear - the food sucks.+ 1/ - 1 Star - Pretty Room.  That is if you are grammy and granpa.  Less style than the linens section at JC Penney.  Oh, and the floral pattern on various features looked like said linen section.- 1 Star - Closing time.  In a hotel, and you close at 9:30?  Really?This was one of those circles of dining hell that would only need a dyspeptic aunt, drunken brother-in-law and other wedding reception styled characters to worsen it up.  Only ate here out of desperation.  Avoid at all costs.  The problem is ... the other in-house eaterie sucks, too (see review of Sangira's).
5	My wife and I experienced an outstanding dinner at the Palm Court. The service staff was professional, friendly and attentive. Ambiance at Palm Court is elegant and a great place for a nice romantic dinner. I enjoyed the Veal Medallions and my wife had the halibut. Both dishes were excellently prepared and very flavorful. To sum up, this was perhaps the best meal and dining experience I have had in the past year.
5	My parents took me to brunch here for my 20th birthday, The staff was super friendly, brought out a delicious birthday cake that they were kind enough to box for me to take home so that I could enjoy the desert selection at the buffet. The Buffet was fantastic, everything was delicious from fresh fruit and cheeses, to eggs benedict, prime rib, and a large selection of mouth watering deserts. I would definitely recommend coming for their Sunday brunch anytime, and come hungry because there is so much to eat and it's all delicious.
2	I'm afraid I can't give this place more than two stars.  The service was attentive.  That's the one positive.  We came here because some friends of ours stayed at the Resort and had two entrees for the price of one coupons.  Thought, how can you go wrong.  I had the lobster bisque, tenderloin, and bananas foster.  The tenderloin came as just two slices of tenderloin over some average mashed potatoes and some side vegetable.  Others around the table also had the tenderloin.  One person had duck and another halibut.  We all came away with the same impression - highly amazingly overpriced for what you get.  Nothing special on the food.  I have had better steaks at lower prices in many locations.  Bill for my daugther and me (two appetizers, entrees, wine and a dessert) came to $170 and that was after the one entree free coupon!  There are so many interesting food choices in the Scottsdale area, I won't be back to this.
4	This is for sure a hidden gem.A pretty intimate environment with great service. Perfect to disconnect or for a romantic night.The wilted spinach salad, prepared at the table is delish. I tried the ratatouille and the portobello ravioli and both were pretty solid. They also serve brunch on Sundays which is pretty good as well. Good wine selection and kind and friendly service.Cheers
5	Looking for the real deal? Champagne brunch with real California champagne ? This is it! While there are no oysters to be had, you will forgive them as they opted for a wonderful crepe bar with both sweet and savory options. They use Stafford champagne for the brunch which is a very tasty traditionally fermented champagne and believe me you can taste the difference . The style is thus more French and the most discerning  will appreciate your choice . For $100 for two people including tax  this will make for any special occasion . I think this is one of my top three Sunday brunch locations in AZ...look for the list coming soon.  Enjoy!
4	We've been here twice in over 2 years... Service is always the best (top shelf), ambiance, elegant and highly romantic. Attire is casual to dressy. We've had everything from oysters rockefeller, Cesar salad prepared fresh and next to the table, the blue cheese for salad is out of this damn world!! And I've never been disappointed with entrees. I've had the wild Alaskan blackened salmon, rack of lamb, lobster bisque and they where great, portions are spot on. We'd come back another day. For the price I think it's an even match, I'd give it 5 stars if the price was lower.. only... right?! :)
5	I've only ever been here for the brunch buffet and dessert. It's my Mom's favorite restaurant in all of AZ so her bf and I take her here as often as possible. I've only ever had one dessert here - Strawberry Flambe prepared table side. Wowza... it's AH-MAY-ZING!!! You have to try it. Don't think about it, just do it. You can thank me later for that tip. :) The brunch is awesome but go with an empty tummy... so many options! My favorite every time is the Truffle Eggs Benedict. Ohhh and Berry Cheese Blintzes. They have the typical brunch set ups with an omelet station, eggs, breakfast meats, etc. They also have a table devoted solely to delicious seafood. Yum! I'm getting hungry just writing this. Seriously folks - check them out for any special occasion brunch it'll be worth it and then some. You overlook the golf course, there's tons of space yet it feels so intimate. I've been there with just a few people and also with a group of 12+... each time has been spectacular.
5	This review is specifically for the Sunday brunch.It is tempting to compare every brunch to the major Las Vegas brunches, which may be unfair since the clientele is so different, but this is the first one that I think compares favorably, even with the #1 Vegas brunch (the Bellagio).  It is also a bit more expensive at over $40 per person.There is a reasonably wide variety of food, including the obligatory omelet station, which can be mobbed unfortunately.  In addition, there is a crepe station with four varieties including a dessert offering, a cold foods table with about 20 items, a few hot dishes of which the potatoes and shrimp/salmon were the best, hand-sliced ham and prime rib, and the usual breads, bacon, sausage, etc.  Just about everything is competently prepared from quality ingredients, except the prime rib (about as bad as it gets - tough and flavorless) and the desserts (uninspired).Still, for a buffet, the number of hits vs. misses was high, the service was as good as it gets, and the physical setting is beautiful.  This brunch is definitely for special occasions but I would return, forget about the price, and enjoy being.
5	We actually ate here last spring and tonight I just wanted to view other reviews. We were staying here and someone from Scottsdale invited us to dinner and chose the Palm Court. We all four loved it! My husband and I are from Seattle, but I still ordered the halibut and was fabulous! From salads to deserts, this restaurant did not disappoint!
