5	I am so happy to have found Pet Club. While they have an amazing assortment of dog foods and treats, today I will be sharing about our grooming experience.I've had my ups and downs with groomers over the past couple of years - enough to know it's best to stick with the, "tried and true." However, we just moved back to Chandler, and needed to find a groomer (we didn't have a dog when we lived here before). Online reviews of local groomers didn't help too much, as they were so mixed. I couldn't find any reviews of Pet Club grooming, either.When I went to purchase dog food at the Pet Club nearest me, the clerk provided a brochure on Pet Club Grooming Services. I don't know why, but the wording in the brochure was so reassuring to me! I love their philosophy on caring for pets. Also, after seeing for myself the carefully procured collection of pet foods, I was feeling like, "This is a safe and good place that really cares!"So, I called to make an appointment. I reached Nikita (sorry, not sure on the spelling, possibly Nakita?). We set up an appointment within the week, and she was very helpful and enthusiastic, especially when accommodating my early morning needs.We were very excited to get to this appointment. My little guy (LG), a terrier mix, was in dire need of a nail clipping and his glands to be addressed. It had been abut 2-3 weeks since his appointments for these services in our old hometown. Things were becoming urgent.We met Nikita and she walked us to the grooming area. We passed by the huge wall of windows, through which I could see the actual grooming stations. That made me feel a lot better (especially after reading a comment about another place doing grooming behind closed doors). Windows matter when you're a dog mom and your little pooch can't speak for himself! Even though I wasn't able to stay for the session, the windows did wonders to relax me. Having that openness and, literally, transparency, speaks volumes.As I filled out a couple of very brief forms, Nikita sat down on the floor and greeted LG. Before I knew it, she had scooped him into her lap and was speaking to him in a very comforting voice. He didn't struggle at all. He was a bit nervous, but Nikita was very sweet with him.Nikita was a very good listener as I explained my requests. This was especially evident when I received LG after his grooming - he was perfect!I will definitely be back to this particular grooming place, as well as especially requesting Nikita, if at all possible. I am so thankful they've taken the headache and worry out of this piece of our transition back to Chandler.As far as the cost - it was very reasonable. They include the works, including nails filed, and glands expressed. I used to pay 30 dollars at the vet to have the glands expressed by a vet tech. Having the glands included in the cost of the grooming session, as well as no added charge for nail filing made me so happy! I guess it's the little things!Pet Club Grooming at 2000 Ray Road = Peace of Mind :)
5	BEST staff! Best store!Well stocked.Good brands.Very clean & neat. Love the grooming! Shout out to Madeline who does Bandit my Yorkie! I'm never concerned about mishandling or a bad job. My aunt is older and loves the do it yourself tubs. Saves her back!GREAT JOB YOU GUYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Warning to anyone who has had their dog in this store recently. My friend (an employee of pet club) brought her dog into this location and he contracted Bordatella. Which he then spread to my dog. This is a HIGHLY contagious disease spread through air and touching. It is very difficult to stop the spreading of it. Pet club does not check vaccinations before allowing dogs to be groomed. This puts the whole community in danger. Please I beg you, do not take your dog here. There is a reason their prices are so low!! You get what you pay for. I know they mean well but the groomers here do not know what they are doing. Most only have a few months of training before being allowed to work on your dogs. Be careful who you leave your pets with. Don't give this place a chance to cause physical harm to your dog like they have to mine.
5	Pet club at Ray it is a very clean and with well train staff people my dog Maltese  I been taking it several times  at this pet club I'm very happy do not stop taking your pet  to this pet club  location because  ask for Cynthia she will give you a five dollar off on your first visit it's a great deal
5	They keep my Saint Bernard looking great! My moms dogs are groomed here as well. I have never been able to bathe my saint or cut her nails myself but the groomers here don't have any problem. I highly recommend this place for all your grooming needs.
1	Let me be clear. The store itself is great - The people are nice and always helpful. The last time I took my dog to the salon to have his nails trimmed it was an absolutely pleasurable experience. The girl was sweet, accommodating and made my dog feel amazingly comfortable. I tell everyone he's nervous and scared of vet-type people as he had broken his let at a very young age and has been nervous since. This AND expressing my appreciation for the last time we were in was conveyed in full detail to the lady who we saw today. She could tell my dog was nervous and rather than spend the time with him as the first girl had to try and calm his nerves, she brings us to a table and starts going to town on his nails. I ask if we can move to a chair as he is obviously freaked out and I need to hold him to try and calm him. She obliges and I sit, holding my dog. When he started pulling away, she holds his legs harder at first and slowly trims little by little as if she's never trimmed a dog's nails before. She says she does this because she doesn't want him to be traumatized if she cuts the quick. Okay, I can respect that... Except by being as awkward as she was and not taking her time to calm him as the last girl had, he was obviously being traumatized in the moment while she grabs at him.Finally, I stop the process. She wants to file the nails and finish the job but he was so freaked out I didn't want to subject him to more. One of the other girls comes up and even refers to him as an adopted dog (they were having an adoption event) - As if I knew nothing about the dog. I had been more than clear in my knowledge of his history and while she was trimming his nails I had to pull him from her and let him bury his head against me in attempt to hide. She just wouldn't give him a moment to breathe! Anyway, I ask for the name of the girl who had done his nails before. She tells me they don't keep record but then asks "why, were you not satisfied with my job?" Obviously not! While he has a fear of vet-like people, he has NEVER been THAT scared of someone. I couldn't believe how she handled him! He has been favoring his leg (the one he had broken before) ever since she pulled on him.I will not take my dog back there and I will not allow people I know or even those I don't to go to a place where not everyone has the dog's best interest in mind. Unacceptable and I even got CHARGED for it!! I paid, like an idiot because I'm not one to leave debts but she didn't offer a discount or offer any solace. Only to tell me it was my dog's fault for how he was feeling as though her actions and demeanor took no part. She never apologized, nothing. She should not be in the service of animals.
1	So let me begin by saying that I like shopping at Pet Club; the food selection is great and they have great quality products. The grooming service, on the other hand, is another story. My dog's (Oscar's) hair was getting pretty long and he was need of a haircut. I normally go elsewhere for Oscar to get groomed. After searching around on yelp,  where I found Pet Club Grooming, read the reviews, they seem clean, and I figured, why not? "Why" is a better question. First, the groomer, as nice as she was, told me that it would take approximately three hours to get everything done. I don't know if it's just me, but that's a pretty long time. Usually, Oscar's full grooming sessions last an hour and thirty minutes max! Anyhow, I dropped him off and did some errands for those three hours. About 2 hours and 45 minutes later, I get a call from the groomer telling me he is done, that she was unable to do his nails because he was too jumpy and high strung. Now I usually don't get too upset because I know that his front two paws are normally quite sensitive when it comes to nail trimmings. Anyway, I go to pick him up and he looks just...okay. He was waiting for me in a cage with feces on the bottom of the crate/cage.( I know it wasn't his either because when we went home he did his business outside) The groomer informs me that she accidentally nicked him at the hock joint. It wasn't terrible and she apologized a great deal. As I took him into my arms I noticed that one of his toes were also nicked; the groomer didn't notice until I told her. Again, she apologized. She also told me that the other helper-groomer couldn't do much because he tried biting her. Oscar is friendly and he doesn't normally try to bite people, but now that I see how they nicked him I can see why. At this point, I was kind of annoyed. I promptly left. Just a side not, I also got a five dollars off, but that's inconsequential.  When I arrived home I take a closer inspection at the work done on Oscar. I was so pissed, hell, I'm still pissed! I blame myself for not noticing sooner and paying more attention. He has marks everywhere, I'll post pictures. I feel so bad. My poor dog got a botch job of a haircut and this is the first time that it's ever happened. Shame on me for not being more careful with who I bring him to and shame on them for doing such a poor job. Maybe I'm one of the unlucky reviewers here, but from my experience, I wouldn't recommend them.
