2	The cigars are pretty damn near dried out. Some of their better ones are marked up a bit too high. Really? An Arturo Fuente Hemingway Short Story for 11 bucks?! Tasting Room has them for about 7. Consider than the walk in humidor isn't well maintained, it's certainly not worth the extra $4 they charge for a relatively short/quick smoke.The staff is nice, and they have a pretty good selection of smoking tobaccos and wares, but they gotta do something bout dem see-gars.
1	Terrible customer service. Super unhelpful. I don't care what they sell. Plus parking is a pain.
3	Knuckleheads has a eclectic staff that usually knows their stuff well and will be happy to share their opinions on their products, presuming you don't come in on a day when they've got one of their more gruff and unwelcoming employees working the register. I can really appreciate the guy who went on a long rant about how his favorite rolling papers were the best ever and why you should choose certain lengths and thicknesses of paper. I don't appreciate the guy who hates his job and, when I ask for recommendations, grumbles and says "I don't know. Do you want it or not?"The selection, while somewhat limited (no bongs, for example), is pretty good for a shop of this size and is by far the most reasonably priced on State Street. I haven't really found a headshop anywhere in Madison that sells truly good glassware, which is surprising for this city. But I can vouch for the fact that there are some great cheap accessories, cigarettes are reasonably priced, and though government interference thins out the selection all the time, they still maintain a respectable variety of brands.
2	Walk-in humidor was well-stocked though I did not detect the familiar "closeness" that a humidor's humidifier creates. A broad selection of top brands was available. Prices ranged from about $5 a stick (for low-end brands) to about $18/stick for top of the line stuff. The median price range was about $7 to $10. The staff seemed cordial though a bit distracted and not particularly helpful. I would probably only resort to this shop on a "plan B" basis.
5	Stopped in with my partner so he could get some nicotine juice for his vaporizer. We happened to go on black Friday and there were good sales going on. We were immediately approached and offered assistance.They had a wide variety of VJ juice and my boyfriend was able to find some unique, locally made ones that he is enjoying quite a bit. The selection was great and everyone was friendly.
