2	I've gone here a few times to see bands. It's alright. The bar is fairly large, and they have volleyball outside. I've never been impressed with the barstaff. Not exactly running up to greet you and get your order, and the mixed drinks are always a bit off. I've never had any of the food, but I've heard it's decent. I will go here again if there's a band I want to see(because it's only a few blocks from home), but you'll never hear me say "Whadya say we go to the Tavern for a night of fun?!?!"
3	The Club Tavern is an interesting bar. It has a wide range of crowd members from the youthful to the middle aged.  I've been to this bar on numerous occasions for volleyball, and hanging out. and for most times its been a pleasant experience. The drinks are fairly priced, there is a lot of space so you don't feel crowded and usually the music is fair. Some points of concern though arrive with smoking. When will they make it a state wide band to smoke in bars and restaurants.  The bartenders also seem a little snobby on occasion. I wouldn't say this is the bar to go if your looking to have a great night but if you want a fun/interesting night with some interesting characters make sure you visit.
1	The wait staff were non-existent, the food was atrocious, the mixed drinks weren't drinkable, and the atmosphere was filthy. What more can I say? Ick.
2	A quiet bar out in Middleton, it's certainly not the worst, but it ain't the greatest either.Having now played 2 sessions of their "intermediate" volleyball leagues, I'm wishing the second one ended sooner.  They need to drag folks in, so they make you play, come hell or high water.  I've heard rumors of sand volleyball...in the snow.  Maybe I'm just bitter. cold.The food is nothing worth writing home about.  The sandwiches are pretty standard fare and nachos are decent.  I'm a sucker for seasoned fries and they're pretty decent here, so I'll add another star.  Unfortunately, the beer isn't cheap, nor were there other obvious specials.  Look around and find somewhere else if you're out for an evening of drinking.The TVs aren't all that great for a sports bar, which the Club Tavern tries to achieve, as far as I can tell.  There is a projector and large screen, but I haven't seen it used.They've got a couple of pool tables and dartboards as well.The bartenders aren't terrible, it just takes some time for them to warm up to you.  After my 4th or 5th trip there (again, because of the volleyball league), they were friendly and joking around with the crew.
2	I want to like this place - I really, really do.  But it's fairly rundown, the bar staff makes you feel as if you're ruining their day by asking for a drink, the food is average, and the bathroom conjures memories of b-list horror movie finales.  I've spent a few afternoons here watching the game, and even while sitting at the bar and tipping well with every drink, service is lackluster at best.  I've had their breakfast and some of the lunch fare - meh, nothing spectacular by any means.Very much "the working man's bar," and I appreciate that aspect, but I can't help but feel like I'm just a step away from getting jabbed with a broken bottle or otherwise needing a tetanus shot whenever I stop by The Club Tavern.  Middleton has better bars - try The Midtown Pub or Paul's Neighborhood Bar for a more personable and less sketchy experience.
2	745 on a Friday night with two of my buddies.   We all got the fish fry plus some deep fried shrimp.   Service was attentive, but everything seemed to go wrong.  Out of sirloin and a certain beer.   Forgot to give us the soup until after the entree arrived.  Fish was average for the price, I couldn't imagine it was made to order.  Cole saw sucked,  it was soggy lettuce smothered in warm mayonnaise.
4	Fantastic for St Patrick's Day - I've been looking for a worthy destination since Irish Waters closed five or so years ago, and have finally found it! Great meal, great value, fantastic, speedy service and perfect atmosphere. Only thing lacking is the quality if the corned beef - if it were a little better of a cut, I'd have given it five stars.Yum.
1	Horrendously managed. Terrible service. Very rude and the managers seem to treat their employees with no respect. The drinks a watery and the tap selection is average. Food is ok but not worth a trip over to this joint. I don't recommend.
4	I dont know why people are ripping Club Tavern a new one, I love this place!! The drinks are cheap; I've purchased vodka tonics for $3 and top shelf for $4!  Its never too packed and the bartenders are always beyond friendly.  They probably also have the best bloody mary's  and chaser Ive had for those hair of the dog mornings.  And plus they have a slot machine there that pays out in cash, you cant really beat that!
2	Do not get involved in their Brewer giveaway nights! No bartender is aware of promotion or rules which are clearly printed on posters.!  Wearing Brewer gear a requirement to win tickets and jersey. Three people in the place with gear on,not one of those won!? Hmmmm.........When asked,reply was Ben won[10 seconds after game concluded..]..Of course"Ben" could not be found! . A fraud! Doubt anything awarded!
1	A friend proposed Club Tavern for fish fry.  None of us had ever been there.While the food overall wasnt the WORST I've had, I wouldnt recommend eating there unless someone buys your meal for you, or youve been stranded on a desert island for 5 years and this is the first "real" meal you've had in ages.  To some, it may make you want to go back to the island...atleast food is fresh.We arrived 10 mins after the 4 other people of our party, after 20 more minutes the waiter came back to see what we wanted to drink.  Forgot to note, for a Friday night at 7:30 the place was pretty much empty in the dining area.I ordered a diet pepsi and the others ordered random alcoholic drinks.  My soda was flat, watery and had some kind of scum on top of it.  I thought I may be crazy, so everyone at the table tried the soda and agreed it was disgusting.  Waiter came back and I asked for a diet dew instead.  Received a diet dew that tasted a little less flat.....but now the glass had a leak in it while went everywhere.  Asked for a glass from the bar w diet pepsi.  It seemed a little less flat, but not by much.  Atleast that glass was clean.Friend ordered the hog heaven, bloody mary with bacon infused vodka.  He said it wasnt the worst drink, but mainly tasted like greasy bacon fat, not a smokey bacon flavor.  Didnt try it myself.After the soda ordeal, it had been 20 mins since we arrived I ordered some Moo-skis as an appetizer, which are listed as hashbrowns covered in bacon, onion, and cheese from what i remember.20 mins after that waiter came back to take our order.  I gave him my order of all you can eat fish and asked about the appetizer.  He said "oh ya, forgot about those, theyll be right up."5 or 6 minutes later, he came back to check our drink status, and said "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand.....you had moo-skis.....theyll be here soon."5 or 6 mins later again he brought out the moo-skis.They were hashbrowns on a small side plate with a small layer of shredded mozza on top.  Very plain and greasy tasting.  Realized there should be bacon and onion...which i found tiiiiny few far between pieces inside hash later.  For the 3 or 4 dollars, would have been better used for just plain hashbrowns at a diner for a dollar.Finally get the all you can eat fish which had 2 pieces of pollock, beer battered fries, tartar, and coleslaw:Fish: ok sized. breading was hard(which i like), taste ok. Not worst Ive had, but no where near good.Fries: Were best part of the meal.Tartar: Different, paprika or something in it for a red color.  didnt taste any dill.Coleslaw:  Im not sure you could even call this slaw.  It was literally a small cup of mayo, with maybe 2 tiny forks of cabbage.  Im not exaggerating that it was a little liquidy...it was literally SOUP.Ordered a 2nd piece of fish which I got 5 mins later w more tartar.We were still eating and I ordered a 3rd piece of fish.He came back with our checks after 10 mins.  We laughed that the forgetting of the fish was on par w our night.  2 friends paid seperate and we had 2 parties of 2.  Super simple orders, but he ended up bringing the bills up wrong 3 times so we had to continue to correct.  Had to take our payments one at a time which added another 10 mins.Finishing up our bills........and kitchen staff brings me the last piece of fish about 30 mins after ordering it and when we were getting up.Maybe it was a one time bad experience, but considering how dead it was on a friday night....Im guessing our experience is pretty representative of the food/wait staff which is a shame since the place really has a nice flair or feel inside it.The best part of the experience was the upbeat classic 80s music.We  all received buy one get one coupons upon leaving.  Not sure if it was just us or everyone gets them.30 mins after getting home, I spent lots of time in the bathroom as it all came rushing out the bottom pipes.  I have an iron stomach and don't get messed up by much.girlfriend edit:  Reminded me she didnt get the salad she ordered and had to ask.  Also noted her old fashioned came w cherries and olives in it, which is taboo? Supposed to be one or other?  Im a crazy WI who doesnt order many OF's, so not sure about this.
4	Went to The Club this morning for Sunday brunch (which we normally do). Usually have eggs/bacon/muffin or toast but today splurged on French toast. Was VERY good - Love my French toast crispy and this totally hit the spot. We always ask for our bacon crispy, and today's was no exception. We also stopped in Wednesday for Bingo/Trivia night. I thought I was good on trivia, but Moose came up with stumpers I couldn't even find on my phone on Google - but others got them. We had burgers that night and they were great. Exactly what we ordered. Even the onion rings were hot and quite tasty.Wait staff is a hoot - they enjoy shaking things up with different songs that all present can enjoy - who doesn't like Muppets doing Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody"?? They're all very accommodating with tv channel change requests, please turn up/down the music, etc.BEST NIGHT TO GO: Badger Band Concert Day in April! The Club gets a bus for Thursday night's concert and you are fed a catered dinner prior to boarding. There's way too much food and it's all really good - don't get me started on the Jambalaya! - whole thing is a great deal.My husband and I have enjoyed The Club for years ... and will continue to.
4	Good place for lunch if you are looking for a burger.  Not a flat little prepackaged slab of meat, but a burger pressed by hand, seared, cooked and juicy.  Not fancy.  Truely dark, but it's a tavern.
2	Not my favorite live music venue in town.  They pull in good local acts weekly, and the drinks are tasty and inexpensive enough, but it's a bit too loud to enjoy the performances without blowing out an eardrum.  Do stop-in to see Moose, though - he's cool.
4	When I go to the Club Tavern, it's a little bit like going home. No, really, I used to live upstairs. I wouldn't call it fine dining, but the food is good. I'm a big fan of the Moose Burger, though I change it up a little bit. It comes with 3 slices of cheese, ham, mushrooms, and bbq sauce, but I have them ditch the mushrooms (i'm allergic) and add bacon and a fried egg, because i LIKE my burgers to give me heart palpitations. Monday night taco nights are pretty awesome, The tacos aren't anything fancy, but they're cheap, and help to offset the copious amounts of tap beer I tend to imbibe. (note: if you drink it straight from the pitcher, it still counts as ONE beer) Club Tavern also offers a pretty good breakfast, and they have specials for the early birds. Best bloody mary in town, (except mine of course, but I live 1000 miles away now...) Happy  hour at the Club was always my favorite. 75 cent pints of Miller High Life. Not the world's greatest beer, but definitely affordable during happy hour. I always like to visit the Club when I get back to town.
4	New kitchen manager is making some great food these days! AWESOME fish fry on Friday night. Soup is outstanding and service is friendly and fast, and fun! There's also a new appetizer on the menu that is quite tasty  - spring rolls with a raspberry sauce and a cucumber/garlic pepper sauce - just outstanding! Service is friendly, too!
5	If I want a burger, I go to Club Tavern. I have now been there probably 8 times, and have come away extremely happy every time.The burgers are big, juicy, and bursting with flavor. I have tried a number of different kinds, and each one was good in its unique way.Each time we go, my wife gets at least 1 bloody mary, which is a meal in and of itself. She claims they are the best bloodys she has had in the Madison area. In fact, the menu comes with a page full of bloody mary styles. Always a good sign!I have never been in the bar area, so I cannot comment on that. But the food in the restaurant is absolutely wonderful.
2	I've been back to the Club a few times since my initial review; unfortunately, the experiences have been very similar.I've sampled other food items - burgers, fish fry, and appetizers... The fish fry was perhaps the worst experience of them all... I won't elaborate, but the fish was dry, bland, and so terrible that I left a full filet behind - something I never do.I just don't get this place. The live music is cool, but beyond that, the place is just skeevy. Sorry Moose.
3	If you're looking for late-night fun, this is a good place.  Great live music and dancing, reasonably priced drinks, and several TV's to keep up on your sports.  Didn't eat here, so I can't speak to anything else
2	Great for their sand volleyball leagues and a super fun referee, but double check the schedule as the games magically seem to shift without notice. The food is not so great and neither is the beer on tap. I've felt the repercussions of their dirty tap lines way too many times the next day after one beer or two, so stick with canned and bottled beer. Their seasoned french fries are delicious if they're served fresh and their wings are ok.
4	Probably would have rated a 5 but our waitress could have been a little more attentive (another waitress stepped in and was great). Our fries were a little cold but the scoop of loaded potato salad was awesome!
