4	The Urban Tea Loft in Downtown Chandler can compete with any chic Downtown tea shop anywhere. I swear.The Look:Is hip, trendy, and ultra cool and inviting at the same time. Resin table tops, high back sofas and soft lightingThe Digs:Private "party rooms" for booking a client lunch or friendly birthday party at night. The rooms have a flat panel tv, IPOD plug ins and comfortable seating.The Tea:You can brew it, buy it, sample it or you can have it loaded! That right, pay attention. You can get Tea-Tinis! Like a martini, but one of the mix-ins will be a flavored tea. I had a High Rise Tea Tini and they brewed in coconut tea.
4	My mother and I tried this place out in December and really loved it.  It's hip, the Poached Pear Salad was very good, tea good.  Definitely will head back.  Worth a trip to downtown Chandler.*********************************************************************We returned on a Friday evening (4/25/08).  We stuck with our salads that we both like (Poached Pear for me).  The dinner special that night was a tuna steak and another cut of steak for $23.  Another table was having that.  It looked good and I was tempted to try it. For my beverage, this time I opted for an ice tea that was a special concoction for the night, a mixture of white teas that I cannot remember, that I really liked.The owner, sadly I did not get his name, was asking diner's if they wanted to sample some wine from the Jerome winery that he is considering for the Loft's house wine.  We enjoyed the Chardonnay and Merlot, and enjoyed talking to the owner. They also had a little 2 piece band playing.  One was a guitar, can't remember the other instrument....I still really dig this place, but the service is spotty.
5	I  have tell you I am just Enchanted every time I go back!Thank You Glynis you are such a Gracious Host!**UPDATED**I went back for lunch today and all I can say is WOW and WOW!!!So Wonderfully Delicious!! I'm home now and want to go back and eat again!This is now my New Favorite place, I want to try everything they have!Have a look at my pics from lunch :) I Got the special=Turkey chowder in a bread bowl, mixed salad and dessert for $10. And Trust that it tasted even better than it looks, I wish it would have never ended!+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++As I was strolling along in downtown chandler enjoying the weather I had stopped at each restaurant to look at the menus they had posted outside hoping to scope out my next lunch spot.I stopped to read the menu here and a friendly girl approached and asked if I would like to be seated, unfortunately I had already ate but went instead to grab and iced tea anyway.I was greeted with a friendly face from behind the bar who offered to whip me up some suga! Sounds good to me.As she whipped, I browsed the wall of tea ,two of the most helpful girls were telling me all I need to know about loose leaf tea and so on.Suga's ready, Jasmine citrus tea with pureed strawberries shaken up with club soda on the rocks and on the house!....I'm in Tea Heaven! Then I'm offered a sample of tea leaves in bag to take home and make myself.I'm gonna have lunch there tomorrow!5 Stars for Amazing customer service and Hospitality and the Most Delicious Food Ever! And I do Believe the Sweetest Owner/Manager I've ever met!
3	i may have to give this one another try but the two times i have been were only so so.the first time i had tea and a scone. the tea was good and loose leaf floating in the jar. the scone was terrible, dry and tasteless. the chef did bring out a sample of his pork which was very good and quite nice of him.the second time i took my mother and the tea was good. we went with a tart and once again it was not good.i am sure i could have said something to the owner but i was just too tired and didnt feel the effort was necessary.based on the other reviews here i may have to give it another consideration. i know that the owners are very nice people but nice doesnt get everything in the restaurant world. you also have to deliver.
4	After three visits, this could quite possibly be one of my favorite new spots in the valley. It's both upscale and comfortable at the same time with a friendly, attentive staff ( you gotta appreciate good service...). While I haven't tried the brewed tea, the iced tea selections are refreshing if not eclectic - the blueberry lemon grass and the cucumber mint white tea are really tasty. Now on to the food.My first visit was for lunch. The Carolina Cuban Melt is exactly what a cubano sandwich should be. Delicious juicy pork, ham, cheese, mustard and crunchy pickle all grilled into gooey melty goodness. Add a little tangy BBQ sauce for that southern touch and it's just about as good as a sandwich gets. And don't forget the potato salad. I want a bathtub full of the stuff. Rich sour cream, onion and chunks of bacon. So delicious.My second stop was just for dessert - a slice of key lime pie. A good specimen with a crumbly graham cracker crust, fresh whipped cream and a solid citrus flavor but a bit too much sweet and not enough tart for my taste.The third trip was a full on dinner. Sour cherry tea-tinis, which taste dangerously close to Kool-Aid with a kick, are a fun starter. The stainless steel bar ware in place of traditional glass are a nice touch as well. A standard Caprese salad is made special with a generous drizzle of thick, aged balsamic and some of he sweetest fresh basil I've tasted. With only five items, the dinner entree menu subscribes to the less is more theory. Noting my earlier success, I went with the Orange Glazed Pork Shanks. Perfectly seared pieces of meat are paired nicely with an Asian inspired, sweet orange sauce complete with little bits of orange zest in every bite. And once again perfectly done potatoes, this time mashed with a touch of garlic. Dessert brought a mini white cake with strawberry filling and a white chocolate top that was creamy, smooth and sweet. All in all, three excellent experiences at a place I can't wait to return to.
5	We went to Chandler to check out some art galleries one evening and as soon as we walked by this place we had the sudden urge for sugar!!I had the Death by Chocolate Cake and Gary had the Apple Pie with ice cream.  I had a Vanilla Coconut ice tea and Gary had a MetropliTini - a martini made with teas and alcohol in a super funky martini glass. The desserts were fantastic!  My cake was so rich I could not finish the huge chocolaty goodness that was on my plate.  Gary loved his apple pie and his martini even more. It's also such a cute little place and if we're ever in Chandler again, we'll definitely be stopping here for some tea and desserts!
5	A funny thing happened on the way to the bathroom.  We were dining at Latitude 8 with some other yelpers.  I excused myself and headed to the restroom.  It is in a shared hall in the back of the building, so when I entered the hall from the restaurant I was facing a door labeled "Urban Tea Loft."I poked my head in and decided we should pay a visit as we were wrapping up our meal at latitude.What a gem!  We met the owners Eric and Glynis and they were charming!  Service was outstanding and Eric took the time to explain all about the teas - flavors, health benefits, etc.  He also explained how to operate the tea pot which is good because we would have had a mess otherwise.We shared a large pot of jasmine tea.  It was good but a little flowery for my taste.  The strawberry lemonade was excellent.  The atmosphere is both warm and hip.  They have two private rooms as well as outdoor seating.  They offer wine, beer and bar drinks.  I'm not sure how extensive the drink selection is but they looked to have a fairly complete if basic bar selection.All in all an excellent addition to any neighborhood dining area and a great place to come after meals to hang and have a drink.  I'll be back to try the food and update later.
4	Urban Tea Loft - you saviour of professional women who have no one to dine with bcz they work too many hours and their husband is always away on business. Oh wait, this should be a food review and not an ongoing diatribe on my pitiful life. So, let me back up! Urban Tea Loft - First, they have got their tea down. Nice selection and for $5 a pot and constant refills what is not to like. For someone who pulls their tea off the shelf of their local grocer, they offer some very exotic blends - blueberry, wintergreens blended with fruits and the like. Just picking a tea is an adventure unless you a tea ninja and blueberry is so last month for you. Bitter at working extra hours, just peeking thru the review, nevermind me!  Their food and dining ambience is very inviting. As the above whining elaborated on,  the menu and the restaurant has a certain bistro quality to it. Sit down by yourself and enjoy a small plate of something, it will be tasty. The soups are fresh and made on premises. The menu is overall rather sophisticated and includes dinner entrees. They are a little on the pricey side. A drink, appetizer and small plate will set you back about $25. They have a wine and beer selection - thank you god for liquor licenses and their service is always impeccable. ENJOY!
4	I'm a coffee girl. I've never really enjoyed the taste of tea and will only really seek it out if I have a sore threat. Needless to say, you won't find me driving 15-20 miles to Chandler just to have a cup of tea. However, Urban Tea Loft is much more than just tea--it's a stylish and warm gathering place inspired by tea but also featuring a full menu, friendly staff, and a full bar (with tea-infused spirits). While I still probably wouldn't make the drive to downtown Chandler just to go there, I would definitely stop in again if I were in the area. I first encountered this spot when Myles M and I met Jim W and Audrey W to try Latitude Eight (which is right around the corner on Arizona Avenue). After we finished our so-so lunch there (review to come shortly), we decided to pop into Urban Tea Loft to check it out. Even though I don't love tea, I was way too full to have any sweets (and coffee was naturally not on the menu!), so the four of us decided to share a pot of tea. Again, nothing about the tea really jumped out at me, but the service was incredibly friendly and I loved the hip feeling of the space. If I'm in the area again, I would definitely be interested in trying an appetizer and one of their tea-infused martinis!
4	Discovered this gem when visiting the San Marcos Hotel in Chandler.  The tea choices were fabulous, and the way they steep the tea in the clear pot is fascinating.I had the Carolina Cuban melt sandwich to eat, it was very tasty and filling.I will be back.
3	Admittedly, I had prepared to hate this place with a passion you only see in the movies.The name just screamed "flax seed and watercress salad".Not that I'm hating, mind you. I'm sure the same people that just had a foodgasm thinking of flax seed and watercress will look right back at me and go "raw fish? chinese-mexican fusion? GROSS". I just realized that's the first time I've ever used the word "fusion" to describe a restaurant. I finally feel like I'm grasping the intricacies of foodie lingo. The next test is to say the word "shi shi" in a sentence with a straight face. When we sat down in the purgatory of warm, earthy tone-laced interior design that was the restaurant, the waiter informed us it was "soul food night". Normally, when some restaurants say it's "blank blank night" that usually mean that's what the special is or that it's a bargain. No, at Urban Tea Loft, "Soul Food Night" means that's all they're serving. We all ordered what we thought would be amusing forays into "Chandler nightlife with a hint of elegance" or some nonsense. After browsing the extensive tea menu, we settled on a pot of Rooibos Chai, iced. The waiter brought out a pot of lukewarm tea and three glasses with ice in them.Kay......I realize, in retrospect, that serving the ice separately was the wiser move, but I remember feeling really confused at first.It'd be like saying "I'd like that on the rocks, please" and the bartender gives you your drink in a martini glass and a shooter full of ice cubes and lets you at it.Actually, that's not "like what happened" at all. That's EXACTLY what they did.In its defense, the tea was magnificent. Fantastic, really. It was spicy, creamy, and smooth. I almost wish we could've afforded to order more of it, but we just had to try the food. Stupid hunger.For 13 dollars I got a meager filet of shake and bake catfish, a cup of watery coleslaw, and a cornbread muffin. And not even the puffy, scrumptious muffins you find in grocery stores.No, that was not to be my fate. The muffin was barely poking out of its holder. I remember being upset that for 13 dollars they couldn't even be bothered to take it OUT OF THE FUCKING PAPER, but I realized that was for the better; the moment I took it out of the paper, the muffin disintegrated into crumbs, and I spent the rest of my meal spooning it up.The coleslaw was soggy. Yes. I said it. Soggy. I know, right? How can something that sits in mayonnaise all day be soggy?I DON'T KNOW EITHER!Perhaps I've been spoiled on British and German cole slaw, but I expect it to have a bit of a crunch to it. It's not boiled cabbage, after all. It's not wrong to expect some life in  your slaw. And not to call a "tea loft" that serves soul food unimaginative, but c'mon, where's the creativity? Where's the apple or pineapple chunks? Usually with such a pretentious atmosphere you get a little "experimentation" with the menu to make it seem "urbanized".Oh well. The catfish, while crunchy and delicious, just wasn't filling. Again, in their defense, most places that serve fish try to gip (sic) you on it.No wonder people stick to Red Lobster. It's corporate and soulless but at least you don't have to hit a drive-thru on the way home.Look, I know we live in a land-locked state, but it's not like you're fishing for the damn thing yourself. I don't see you out there with a harpoon. Don't try to fucking fool me.Misty S got the vegetable plate for 9.75. By far I think the best deal. Sure, it's just a bunch of little trays of sides and is even less filling than the aforementioned meat entree, but you get twice as much of the "New American" feel and flavor.Fun Fact: Having spent my childhood in Europe, I was raised to believe that fish does not count as meat, and I still have a hard time remembering NOT to suggest sushi to my vegetarian friends.So, come for the tea, and stay to pay for the bill. BUT ONLY FOR THE TEA.Anything else and you're just wasting your money.Which can't be that bad. Everyone's doing it these days.Amirite, GMC?
3	As a SF Bay transplant taking another SF Bay transplant out for dinner, there is a certain level of one-ups-manship to our dinner plans. What, you thought the whole "everything with me is a competition" bit was just talk? With both of us coming from the land of non-chains I was desperate to find a venue that was quirky, urban, hip and made me seem a lot cooler than I am. Urban Tea Loft, that's your cue.The yelp reviews swayed me, the charming interior lulled me, the super polite staff put me at ease. The seating was a modern blend of "I'm a couch, no, I'm a booth!" mixed with tables and chairs. Buddy, Jetta R. and I decided to order a pot of Rooibos Chai to start. It was the last smart decision we made.Weekends are "soul food" only. That's cool, I like collard greens. You're allowed to chose your "meat" and one or two sides. Vegetarians can chose three sides. The menu leads you to believe you'll be getting a meal. Don't be fooled. While Jetta R.'s catfish was exquisite and a decent portion size, the sides are served in tiny little cups. My "three meatless sides and we'll call it a vegetarian option" dinner was...not enough. When have you ever seen "soul food" in tiny portions? Doesn't that defy the cuisine? That's like non-fat Indian. See also: Bombay Spice.Everything we tried was delicious, and it's a damn shame the portions are barely large enough for you to figure that out. TL;DR version: Visit this spot to relax, bring your own company or a lap top, and stick to the fare this place is named for - the tea. You won't be disappointed.
4	So grateful for Yelp while we're in town for our daughter's dance competition in Chandler...I have a feeling without it, we would have been excited to go back to San Diego and eat at Trophy's (no offense to Trophy's, of course)! Being a tea snob (that's really a caveat), this was my first choice for lunch. They serve the same excellent quality green tea I drink at home, but they don't serve it right (hence, the 4-star rating)...my husband, who drinks coffee that could almost be considered a drug it's so strong, couldn't finish his cup of tea with claims of bitterness (that's what happens when you brew green tea for over 4 minutes). The good news is that there is plenty of positive...the service was excellent, the atmosphere was completely lacking in lace, teddy bears, and yellow roses (very hard to find in places with the word 'tea' in their name...something that really frustrates this hip tea drinker), and the chef's selection of tea sandwiches were eclectic combinations of the best of ingredients (like bacon and cucumbers). If you go, just ask them to stop the tea from brewing before everything is leached from the leaves...
3	I've been to Urban Tea Loft several times to buy and try to buy tea. Once I got a warm feeling I want to remember and other times I got a prickly feeling that takes me a long time to forget. The difference is who happen to be there. The owners = warm feeling, the employee staff = prickly feeling. I now feel compelled to tell the story. First 2 times I'm slowly forgetting - I wanted to buy something to make tea at home - tea bags, tea ball, infuser? A gal said "I'm not really familiar with what you use to make teas, the owners aren't here." So I left empty-handed and thought, "It's a big nothing." strike 1 Second time I came in I wanted to buy an iced tea. As the only person in line, I waited, waited, waited, and was completely ignored by the gal behind the counter who seemed hyped up and agitated and trying to tap something into the cash register over and over. I was standing face to face about a foot from her head yet she completely ignored me - I looked right direct in the eyes - nothing. Maybe if she ignored me long enough I would leave, thereby making her day so much easier. Finally, she scuttled into the back kitchen and said can somebody get out here and do something for this customer? A guy came out and put the tea in a plastic cup, charged me $3.95, and slapped a domed lid on it. I stopped for a moment trying to figure out how to drink it. It was a lid you'd get for something with whipped cream or something "taller" than tea. I asked for a straw. I unwrapped it and placed it in the large hole in the domed lid where it promptly disappeared inside the container. I looked at him "...a longer straw?" "Nope that's all we have", he said with a grin, hoping to get off the hook and get back to the kitchen. "This really doesn't seem to work does it." I said holding up the container. "That's all we have" he said opening some cupboards quickly. I had a vague deja vu of a monte python sketch. I left. strike 2. Then another time I came in mid-week and was looking at all the flavors of teas and a young black gentleman came up and spent about 15 minutes with me letting me sniff various teas, telling me the story of Rooibos and Rose tea and how the rooibos grows as a shrub in South Africa and how people can actually steep it on the stove for hours and it doesn't get bitter. This "slowed down time" and made me feel like I was the center of the universe for about 15 minutes. He said he could make up a half-bag of tea for $7 to let me try it out and gave me a handful of white tea pouches to get started. This gave me the warm feeling that I continued to get when I made tea for myself at home. It was delightful and I'd actually pay $7 for the storytelling and good feeling that came with it - the tea was a bonus. A+ I went in again today (Saturday) hoping to get that feeling again, ...but there was the girl with glasses and short black hair. As last time, she seemed agitated and tight-lipped, but did notice my presence. However, a smile would have gone a long way; if she has more than one thing to do, she could lighten the room by putting the customer at ease. Finally she announced, "...I can get it for you ...but you'll have to wait ...I'm out here all by myself..!" she hurried around looking extremely focused yet flustered, hurriedly tapping something into the cash register over and over and walking back and forth. It makes you feel her day would be so much easier if there wouldn't be any people coming into the store trying to buy something! I asked her for some mixed loose-leaf tea out of the containers on the wall behind the counter, which is where the guy got it from last time. She looked like can't you just buy the pre-canned stuff on the back wall and be gone. Finally after about 10-12 minutes, she got the guy in the kitchen to come out and put 2 of the teas in separate bags, which she caught and said, no she wanted both mixed in 1 bag so she ended up doing it herself which probably irked her because he was not saving her time.  I asked the guy for a tea bag to make it with. He held up something long and brown, not like the white kind with a string & flap the gentleman gave before. Finally i bought the tea, but no tea bags, so asked for a tea bag. She went to a box and said this is all we have. It was the white ones that I originally asked for and that she said she didn't have 2 minutes ago. She gave me 2 and looked like she was thinking, "...now leave" but the words that came out of her mouth were 'Have a Happy Valentines Day' which was the reverse of what i was feeling. I think I will continue to come back to Urban Tea Loft, but on a day with the genial young gentleman who gave me the feeling of 'New Orleans' or somewhere where time stands still and people don't rush around. That's the feeling I'm trying to get by coming into the Urban Tea Loft. It's elusive.
5	I had lunch here today. Took my Brownie troop for a private party/etiquette class. That was amazing in itself. for $14 a child you get drinks, sandwiches, a bowl of fruit (large bowl too!), and dessert.  The girls enjoyed the experience immensely. While the class/party was going on, my co-leader and I went out to the main area to eat. Love the set up- very contemporary hence the "urban". Had the pomegranate tea, which was excellent. Also had the capriese , tomato, and basil w/balsamic vinegar sandwich. That was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The server was very helpful in choosing a tea to go with your meal, and had many suggestions. Was also very patient as I asked probably way too many questions about tea. I've been talking this place up all afternoon now, and can't wait to return and try more of their food. Probably on "Soul Food Saturday"! Highly highly HIGHLY recommend!
5	I absolutely love this place...the tea-tini's are great I have not been here for a while but the pear poached salad was awesome. I have been meaning to go back to this place it has a great atmosphere. Great for brunch on Saturday or Sunday and they have so many teas. This is a great place to try...the food is great definitely a gem in Chandler.
4	We decided to stop in for some dessert and tea after spotting the delicious assortment in the window.  As we walked in, we were told that they were actually closed, but since the server hadn't turned off the open sign, she could still serve us desserts (which was perfect because that's what we came for).Even though it was closing time, the server was really friendly and let me smell a variety of the rooibos teas before deciding which one I wanted to order... those teas smelled so yummy it was hard to decide!We ended up ordering the Faux Coco rooibos (which has a hint of spice, fruit, cocoa flavor) to it and the Ginger Peach which smelled fragrantly of jasmine flowers.  We also tried four desserts: the three-layered chocolate mousse, strawberry mousse shortcake, chocolate hazelnut ganache cake, and the cheesecake.  Each one of these not only looked good, but tasted delicious.  The tea was served in the most interesting container that actually pours the liquid from the bottom of the pot as you place it on the rim of your glass.  Ingenious....  This place is on the pricey side ($6 per dessert) but the treat was well worth it.
5	Wait, they sell tea here?Well yes, they do. And the Lapsang souchong was equisite. But I nearly forgot about it. Probably thanks to the seared scallops, jerk chicken lavosh and roasted red pepper hummus.Yeah... at a tea shop. Interested?You should be. This places is simply divine. A master chef, a staff that cares and drinks called "teatinis" that will make you question why *all* martinis aren't made this way.A shining star in historic downtown Chandler. Not to be missed.
5	I just want to say WOW! I have been to downtown Chandler many times and did not even realize this treasure was there! I was quite impressed with the food, the drinks, the atmosphere, and the staff. I had the seared scallops to start and the roasted red pepper hummus for dinner. Both were phenomenal. The seared scallops were quite spicy but in a good way (I am not the biggest fan of spicy hot but this did not bother me)! Drink wise I had the chaiteani that rivals the milky way martini I make at home. I felt right at home! The staff made sure that I wasn't in need of anything. I can't wait to bring my friends back. This is a wonderful spot for guests of all ages!
5	I can't wait to go back.  I went to dinner with seven friends here on a Friday night.  We were seated in the VIP room.  I loved the room.  The sofa like walls and seating, the tv tray tables that move around on wheels, the giant window with curtains were you peek to the main dining room, the red chandelier.  Very fun!  The service was slow but that was just perfect for our group.  The waitress was very friendly and helpful.  I loved the teatini's!  I tried almost everyones and like almost every one.  I ordered 2 sour cherry teatinis.  I am craving them!!  Yum.  Yum.  Yum.  And happy hour is until 7pm and the drinks are only $4 each.  After that they are $7.50- still worth the price, IMO.  My food was delicious.  I had some greek pasta.  Spaghetti noodles with spinach, mushrooms, garlic, artichoke hearts, peppers and feta cheese.  The serving looked small but once I started eating was actually the perfect amount of food.  I didn't leave feeling stuffed or hungry... just right.  I want to try and make the dish at home- really yummy.  I will be back, SOON.
5	Last night was my first visit to The Urban Tea Loft, and I was glad that I went.First of all, I have to tell you, I'm not a foo foo, girly, tea and crumpets type person.  And, to top it off, I don't really like tea!! I  prefer coffee with lots of cream and sugar so it tastes like syrup! I have gone to a "tea party" at one of those foo foo tea places, and it wasn't for me.  The cups were pretty, but I don't wear gloves and boas, and plus, those little cucumber sandwiches may be cute, but they leave me hungry!  Hey I grew up on a farm where we ate meat and potatoes every day!  Anyway, The Urban Tea Loft is not like any tea establishment you have ever been to.  It's more like a modern bistro or restaurant bar, similar to a Bamboo Club, or Ra or something like that.  It's decorated modern and elegant and comfortable for both men and women to visit.It is owned and run by a lovely couple.  Glynnis has a miraculous story of which she so kindly shared with us.  Her husband Eric isn't much of a server, or so he said, but he sure knows how to recommend chocolate cake!  I almost foundered in it it was so rich and delicious, I couldn't eat the whole piece!Some of our party had fondue, others had red pepper hummus, or salads, another had chicken pot pie.  Every meal that came out was fresh, plentiful, and dare I say, healthy!?  I had already eaten dinner but I tried the hummus and it was delightful!  Just the right amount of flavor, fresh and creamy, served with pita triangles and fresh cucumbers!    All of the food was beautifully presented too!What I also liked about the Urban Tea Loft was that they have two private rooms.  One is called the VIP room, luxurious, intimate, leather seating, warm, inviting colors, comfortable surrounds, great for a private party.  Seated about 12 or so.  The other room called the AV room, seated over 20, had a private bar, LCD TV which hooks up to your computer and a long conference table; a very private comfortable place for a business meeting, or family dinner.Lastly, I have to talk about the tea. Since I'm not a tea drinker I was skeptical, because it all tastes the same to me.  But I had a berry tea which was quite refreshing.  Not too strong, but not too weak.  And me being the sugar fanatic I am, I didn't even need to put sugar in because it was naturally sweet!Anyway, what a treasure of a find in downtown Chandler!  If you haven't gone there, you should!Enjoy!
5	Its about spending money and time where you want to be. I'm really brutal with the places that I visit often and spend money. Try and always spend money at local family eats because if they are a chain they really don't care about you.When you walk in you get good energy right away. And the UTL was built out with the customer in mind not with the flow of traffic. From where you sit inside you have a complete view of everything. The teas, deserts, kitchen and staff.  None of this, what is happening in the kitchen everything is transparent. I've tried to eat everything on the Menu even stuff I know I won't like. Everyone is not created equal in the kitchen and the cook proves it. The owner has enough insight to know the kitchen is the cooks domain. As I've been a cook before this is very important to have the peace of mind that I'm in my cooking groove I love to cook and I love this food. When I taste the food that is what I get from the Urban Tea Loft.
3	So not my kind of place at all. I went with a large group and we were given plenty of space and the management (owners?) were very nice but...I don't drink tea so I can't say anything about that.I can't afford $15 for four tiny pieces of baguette toast and a half a cup of cheesy sauce, no matter how prettily it's arranged, let alone the prices of the actual food on the menu.  The people at my table waited quite a while for said appetizers.  And everyone waited quite a while to get their checks and then to pay.It's pretty though. Smaller rooms in the back for private parties. Comfy areas for small groups. A beautiful display of tempting desserts, but after seeing the prices on the menu for the food, I was afraid to ask about them. I'm sure if you're able to enjoy a more expensive meal than I am, you'd really like this place. It's more for the sit around and enjoy the atmosphere and fancy food kind of customer.
3	I've gotta say, I love the concept of this place. It has a great laid back atmosphere (enhanced by live guitar on my visit), and I love tea.I visited the Urban Tea Loft for East Valley Friday Nights, a weekly get-together. I was looking forward to this location, I haven't found a great place to drink tea since I moved to Arizona. They accommodated our larger group acceptably, but they understandably seem to be set up to cater to smaller casual groups. There were little issues with service like it taking a few tries to get some tartar sauce for my fish. I had the honey lemon green tea and catfish with macaroni and cheese and potato salad off the soul food menu. The green tea was loose leaf, but not whole leaf, and was only available flavored with lemon. My hopes for off menu ordering were dashed when another person in my party tried to order a non flavored black or Darjeeling tea iced. She settled for the lemon green like I did. I enjoyed it and thought the device the tea brewed in was pretty cool, and people near me were commenting on how good it smelled. But I was disappointed that the tea selection was entirely flavored teas, their web site features many pictures of high end teas brewing, so I hoped they'd have some rare teas that I could enjoy during my visit.The food was good, but had some temperature issues. The Macaroni and Cheese was tasty but served barely warmer than room temperature, and the catfish was underseasoned and VERY hot. It didn't taste overcooked, but I burned my tongue, otherwise I wouldn't mention it. Once it cooled down it was nice with some tartar sauce. My issues were pretty minor, but the prices charged here are high enough that it should be reflected in my standards. I'll have to come back and try something off of the standard menu as part of a smaller group, because I want to like Urban Tea Loft.
4	I am not a tea drinker. I don't like tea in any shape, form or fashion. I am also not some trendy hip "urbanite". I'm pretty much a beer drinking, meat eating, fun loving kinda guy.But I *like* Urban Tea Loft!I was there for the "East Valley Friday Nights" meetup a couple of previous reviewers mentioned. I do think we overwhelmed them a little bit as the service was a little slow (though the servers, bartenders and owners were all delightful people).I had the catfish off the weekend "soul food" menu, and unlike Ben's experience, mine was close to perfect. The fish was firm, NOT fishy at all, and very tasty. I had mac-and-cheese and fried okra for sides and both were very well done. M&C was creamy, cheesy and the pasta was cooked  "al dente"  -- as it should be. The fried okra was great, and completely lacking in that snot-like look and feel that poorly prepared okra can have (sorry for the graphical reference...)The place is cool. Kinda hip, but not "over-the-top I wanna be in Scottsdale" hip. There was a great jazz guitar player at perfect volume (not too loud, not too soft) -- I doubt this happens every day, it was a Friday night after all. Two very cool private rooms are in the back, one set up with leather padded walls (a horrific description, you'll just have to see it) and the other is a sort of "media room" complete with flat screen, wifi, and a mini-bar type fridge. Either would be *perfect* for small meetings.The owners were really, really neat people and you can tell they are working hard to make Urban Tea Loft a great place.I'll be back, if for no other reason than to see if the bartender really makes a "kick ass margarita" like she claims (she definitely made a kick-ass Washington Apple).And seriously, get there this month and see the photography they have on display from local artist Chanelle Richardson. *Very* nice work! http://www.crphotography.org/
4	This visit to The Urban Tea Loft was organized by a friend for our weekly "East Valley Friday Night" gathering. Unlike the others in our group, I am a tea fan.  I appreciate all varieties of tea - hot & cold.  While I think there were only a handful of us in the group that actually drank "tea", I'm pretty sure everyone had a great time.  The owner & staff were very nice & professional, the food was very good & reasonably priced and the guitar playing gentleman was cool.  Would I recommend The Urban Tea Loft? Absolutely!  Great place for a group get-together or to go by yourself to read a good book.  Enjoy!
3	Before I knit pick know that I will definitely go back. I'm already contemplating introducing family and friends. I will be proud to show off this AZ gem. That being said I will also say that we didn't have any where near a flawless dining experience. Yet somehow I walked away satisfied knowing I will return.   Hopefully the UTL will be around a long time. The tea selection ~ I had a peach ginger iced tea, very nice. I was surprised that they didn't offer a straight ginger tea on the menu or for sell. OK so on to the meal. Sold out on three of the menu items. Myself and one of my friends wanted the catfish. There was only one fillet left. The compromise was I ordered shrimp and grits not on the menu. This dish was served with bacon bits, I should have asked. The bits were removed, the dish reserved. Honestly I wasn't happy about it, but soon forgot about the bacon and did enjoy my dish and the company. The catfish was great, well seasoned and fried just right. The mac and cheese was good. The potato salad was not so good, a soupy concoction with flavors not befitting potato salad, we all agreed. My niece had the fried chicken, she said it was very good several times. She took two of the three pieces home. My point being the portion sizes were right on. My friend who ordered the catfish was equally pleased. The teatines awesome, I had one with grey goose and grand marnier, can you image?  One was enough. We ordered a piece of cake that didn't make it to the table so we let it go... *When I say good I'm meaning better than most, still I've had better most likely from my own kitchen. OK bottom line,  overall a great place that hasn't realized it's full potential. I'm happy to go along for the ride. I forgot to mention the jazz guy, very nice. Oh and our drinks were comp-ed nicer still! ...Yeah I'm loving this place still I'm only giving it three stars because the  service is gonna get even better. I know it. Oh yeah I also think the pricing is absolutely fair.  I willingly forgo the to go box for great food served in reasonable portions.Peace Out
4	Im not a tea person, but my wife is.  Neither of us are in to social trendy scenes, but Urban Tea Loft deliver a great experience.  Friendly and down to earth not snooty.  Great selection of more than just teas (they even have hard liquors).  The food is fabulous.  If you are in Chandler and have not checked out the loft you are missing out.
2	One word: EXPENSIVE I was with a friend of mine who had gotten engaged recently, and we were checking out the bridal store next door. We decided to get a bite to eat and there was a big banner advertising that they won some sort of best new restaurant award, so we decided to give it a try. I am not a regular tea drinker, but since it was their speciality, I gave it a whirl. It was okay, just tasted like tea, but it was $3.50! The menu was the same way, I think all the sandwiches were about $12...who do they think they are?! To top it off, the food took forever! Were were there at about 2:30 and there was only 1 other table, but the food took over 20 minutes. The food was decent flavor wise, but we really felt like it was overpriced. Next time I want some iced tea, I will just stick to Starbucks!
5	I really love this place! Clean and modern yet comfortable - great tea, food and desserts. We went here on a Friday night and got seated right away. We were given three choices on fresh ice teas (amarreto, Hibiscus and Pomegranate).  We got the amarreto and the pom and they were both awesome. It was nice to have ice tea options other than "with or without lemon"...We ordered an appetizer which was jerk chicken, pears, onions, etc on a wafer...my description of it sounds a little off but it was soooo good. They brought out a salad for me which was good...all crisp and they had a dressing they made in house that was great...kind of a strawberry vinaigrette.  For dinner I had the pork shank...presentation was awesome and it was fall off the bone - oh my gosh can you believe how good this - flavor! It came with a orange glaze and some mashed potatoes and asparagus. For dessert it was strawberry shortcake. Thin layers of pound cake and berries with a dab of whipped cream. They put it together in a cute way and it was REALLY tasty! I would highly recommend this as a great lunch or dinner spot and a great place to take the wife for a relaxed date.
5	I returned to the Loft with my sister who was visiting from out of town and her daughter who lives here and is my dining partner. We shared the southern fried shrimp plate with 2 sides of mac and cheese. So good .... I had an ice tea first one of the daily specials, I'm a tea drinker so I won't debate price. This place is decidedly NOT Starbucks. We each had desert and teatines. Our waitress was awesome, she took the time to describe each desert in the case. I'm thinking a desert menu might be more efficient there's some many choices. Everything was great. I consider myself a fried catfish expert, my niece a fried chicken expert. Although I no longer eat chicken I will say that my Aunt Kay Kay makes the best of both.  I maybe be a bit bias, but no I love to eat to much to make that kind of compromise. Kay Kay is the best, still someone at the Urban Tea Loft knows her secrets to southern cooking and they also make a mean cup of tea. The final question will I do back? Of course, soon and often.
5	Excellent selection of teas and excellent food. Live music Saturday nights, but I haven't seen that yet. We had breakfast there - the crossaint and an a-la-carte selection of eggs, bacon, sausage, and potatoes. Everything was great, perfectly cooked and flavored. We also had a lemongrass berry tea that was excellent. Can't wait to go back for their 'soul food' for lunch or dinner.
5	So a couple that we know, experienced foodies might I add, brought my wife and I here to celebrate an occasion.  On weekends they have homemade soul food!!  Prices aren't too bad, for a plate of St. Louis style ribs with two sides will run you about $11.  But make sure you call ahead to see if they have any soulfood left because they do and most likely will run out.  I've been here a couple times since and have recommended all my friends and family to try it.  They have fried catfish, which is pretty good.  Their smothered pork chops are fork tender and simply delicious.  their homemade mac and cheese is pretty legit as well. They had a live jazz guitarist that plays on Saturday nights.  If you're looking for a great date spot with really good soul food and desserts, come here.  Their dessert menu is extensive...scones, decadent chocolate cakes, rich cheesecakes, etc...all home made and which you can see through a glass window.   oh yeah, their tea is really good too!  try the strawberry white tea, it'll make you feel really relaxed and chill.
4	I went to this restaurant b/c a good friend of mine was playing with his band, jazz music.  My husband and I were not  to sure about the food, it says that it is sol food, we decided to stay and eat and were so happy we decided to stay our meal were amazing, my husband got pork chops, and me being a vegetarian I got the Greek pasta,  we started off with the butternut squash soup, (it was like a dessert)  The place is small and intimate,  try this place out and you will be happy,
4	I wavered between 3 and 4 stars here.  Urban Tea Loft is a lovely place.  I had lunch with a wonderful friend and we happily sat in one of the rooms with fully padded walls (it felt very natural to us...).  The service was quite slow, which for a lunch visit is a serious challenge.  The iced tea we got, a mint white tea, was fantastic!  I could drink that all day.  The salads were fresh and the cranberry vinigrette was amazing - I would have bought a bottle of that if she sold it.  Again, the slow service was the only problem I had.  That said, I WILL go back.  I am looking forward to trying the weekend soul food!
4	I have been here twice. Very nice and laid back. I tried the weekend Southern menu and it was delicious! Collard greens, mac&cheese, ribs, BBQ chicken sandwich. The scone with clotted cream was divine!!!! The iced teas are very refreshing and I swear I drank a whole container myself both visits. The second time I had soup, salad and a sandwich. The salad had this amazing (raspberry? strawberry?, I forgot) vinaigrette. The sandwich was good, but I was kind of disappointed with the soup. It was potato and tasted too "milky". They change the menu often and now have a tea inspired one. Can't wait to go back and try it.The owners are very nice and I hope they continue to do well.
5	This Chandler based tea shop, has everything. It has happy hour on Fridays and Saturday nights, includes their famous "tea-tinis" very good! The food is great, they have a great "Soul food dish", and wonderful little appetizers. My favorite teas are the pomengranete and peach mixx, and their white teas are even better. Hot or cold tea, both taste great. They have wonderful dessert as well. Laid back feel, and the owner Glynis is wonderful!
4	Wow! I am so impressed by UTL. This was my first 'tea party' and I loved it - I met up with Kym C. and Julie M. to discuss the book for our Book Club. UTL was very accommodating and had very friendly/helpful service. I ordered a small pot of the Almond and Vanilla Herbal Tea and a slice of their red velvet cake. Both were SO GOOD! The only experience I have had with tea is peppermint herbal tea that you get from the store, and to be honest I've never even finished any that I've made (just not my cup-o-tea I s'pose) but I loved my herbal tea from UTL and I will come back to try different varieties. It had the best flavor and came in a really cool tea pot. The red velvet cake was to die for. It was very rich, moist, and sweet. I loved it, though it was so rich, so moist, and so sweet that I couldn't finish it all in one sitting although, I sure tried...I am half tempted to go back and buy myself their nifty tea pot and enjoy more of the herbal tea selections, but I don't know if I'm confident enough quite yet, I think I'm going to take one of their classes and then, maybe. I wish our waitress was more attentive to us and I also wish the menus were all the same - Kym and I swapped our menus before we ordered because there were different selections of teas on each one, which I though was weird. They also don't really have a menu for their desserts (which I guess is okay since the desserts are in a glass display, but it would have been cool if they were listed somewhere).But even with those downers I am definitely planning to come again, I loved the atmosphere and the relaxing vibe this place puts off. I am definitely a fan!!
1	I took my family here and was so dissapointed by the service, quality of food and the PRICES!.  I ordered a soup and salad for $8 and was charged $9, the soup was not edible b/c someone overly peppered it to the extreme- Mom got an apple salad which was a handful of greens and maybe a 1/4 sliced apple for $9- I tried the pineapple upside down cake- tastes like sponge cake for $6- Bought a tea pot from the store on a seperate bill and they expected a TIP- I had to order a sandwich to go b/c I was still hungry and then the potato salad had WAY too much pepper. Whats up with the pepper guys? Tone it down....I should have just got a cup of tea and a piece of the insane chocolate cake!
4	This restaurant has so many great things going for it.  Comfy seating areas, big variety of desserts (displayed in a glass case so that you're tempted by all of them), a full menu loaded with breakfast/lunch/dinner options and of course, an awesome selection and variety of teas (not to mention the cool tea pots that they come in.)  You can reserve space for a private event and they offer tea classes.  Oh yeah, I can't forget about all of the tea cups, tea pots, and teas available for sale.I came here with Ashley A. and Kym C. for our book club, and while I thought our waitress was helpful at times, I thought she could've been more attentive.  Perhaps she was just trying to leave us alone, recognizing we were there to chat.  Not feeling very adventurous, I went with a green tea which was great.  I also ordered a butter croissant, that unfortunately I would not recommend.  It was very dense and overloaded with butter; I would've preferred light and fluffy with just a taste of butteriness.Even given the heavy croissant, I'd rate this place highly based on the ambiance and teas - that's really what you come here for, right?
2	The ambiance, location, and live music were fantastic. I even enjoyed the Downtown Teatini which was delicious! The menu, however, was lacking in vegan and/or vegetarian options. I had the apple salad which was disappointing. It was simply a house salad with sliced apples on the side. We waited so long to get it, I thought it would be worth the wait. Not the case.
3	Yes, I am giving this place 3 stars. The chicken was under-cooked. Pink in the middle of the thickest part. The waitress verified.Normally, that would deserve a one-star rating. However, they were quite apologetic, gave me a fully-cooked meal for free, and some delicious desert for free, as well.Now, I've cooked chicken many times. And sometimes it's tough to tell whether it is cooked all the way through. And, I really loved the food. I just would have loved it more if it was cooked fully. So, would I go back -- absolutely. Do I forgive -- yes. Do they deserve more stars -- probably upon my next visit I could see a 4/5.
5	I love the setting here. They some of the best hot tea around with a nice variety. The food is fulfilling and comes in large portions. I love their mushroom soup and red velvet cake!!
2	I really wanted to like this place being an avid tea drinker but alas, it was not meant to be. I have been here twice, once with 2 girlfriends for brunch and another time with my boyfriend. The first time I went, I ordered the pear salad, which was decent and my 2 friends ordered scones. One of my friends got her scone almost immediately and the waitress completely forgot about the other one. When she finally remember, she apologized profusely, which was nice but probably shouldn't have happened since there was already one scone ordered for the table. Fine, no biggie, that I can get over. The second time I dined here there were quite a few issues. 1. We sat at our table for a while before we were even acknowledged by anyone to get a glass of water. 2. There was a lady on her cell phone the entire hour we were at the restaurant, even though it blatantly says on the menu "Please don't use cell phones or laptops in the restaurant" (I know this isn't the restaurant's fault, but if you are going to call attention to it on your menu, you better be prepared to follow through if someone isn't following orders.) 3. I saw posted on their twitter account the day before that they had a special for brunch that included their potato croquettes. My boyfriend ordered the eggs & bacon (they were out of ham) which comes with the croquette. When the waitress (same one as last time) brought his food out she said their fryer was broken so they couldn't serve the croquette and substituted with a salad, which I'm pretty sure she knew BEFORE he placed the order. She should have mentioned this beforehand. And I'm pretty sure you can fry a croquette in a pan. 4. My sandwich sat on the kitchen counter waiting to be picked up for about 5-10 minutes, our waitress walked by it about a dozen times without even glancing in that general direction but came over to ask if we needed anything. My boyfriend, not being able to hold back said 'yeah, we'll take her sandwich that has been sitting over there forever.' Not the nicest thing to say, but we were so over it at that point. Every time our waitress opened her mouth, she was apologizing for something and making excuses ("it's been crazy in here today"), regardless of who she was talking to in the restaurant. Maybe if they hired someone else that was able to handle the craziness of a half-full restaurant, this place may have gotten a better rating. The only saving grace for Urban Tea Loft is the tea (as you would hope) and their desserts. If you drive by and pick up some dessert to go, it's definitely worth the trip, just don't dine in.
4	I have been here three times now in the last 3 months.The atmosphere is quaint and relaxing. The background music is appropriate and set at the right level. It is a small place, but does offer 2 private rooms, one more for business use and one for casual use. On a January Sunday afternoon, the breakfast sandwich and potatoes were very good as well as the tea offering. On a February Saturday evening, I enjoyed a decadent bread pudding and light green tea.On a March Sunday afternoon, my mate ordered a Pear Salad. It was very basic and minimal to be priced at $13. I had the catfish po-boy and the fish was extremely salty as well as somewhat greasy. I had to eat a lot of bread to mask the saltiness. Thinking back on it, I really should have sent it back to the kitchen.So all in all, it's a good place. But a few more visits will help to form a solid opinion - I look for consistency.I really like the laid-back atmosphere and I want this place to succeed, so I will go here again and try a different item. Look out for my update.
3	After I posted my previous review, the owner, Glynis responded not only here on Yelp, but on my Twitter account as well.  She explained that things weren't running as smoothly as they should have the day that we visited and asked that we give her place another shot.  Yesterday, we obliged.Glynis may be the nicest person I have ever met.  She's warm and welcoming, exactly what you want when you are drinking tea and chilling out on a Sunday afternoon.  She personally prepared our food for us and it was pretty damn good.  An omelet and an amazing croquette for the boy and a chicken salad sandwich for me.  I had to order my own croquette because the boy wouldn't share :) We also ordered dessert to take home, coffee cake & lemon cake.  Both were, as always, delicious.I'm really glad that Glynis reached out to me, even after my crappy review, to explain her situation.  Things happen, some days are better than others and the fact that Glynis took the time to invite me back and make things right says great things about this woman, not only as a person, but as a business owner.  She tries her hardest to please everyone that walks through her door, even though sometimes you can't.  She takes amazing pride in what she does, and it comes through as soon as you meet her.  If she could clone herself and be cooking and looking after guests, she'd have it made.Thank you, Glynis.  We'll be back to see you soon.
4	Had a totally girlie noon tea with a few of the ladies. They had the Full Tea and I did the Tea-light.Both were wonderful. The Tomato Basil soup was lick the bowl good. The not-so-little sandwiches were average BUT the desserts were over the top Fabulous and they keep your tea coming.  No complaints. As with all "Teas" it was pricey, but they had great service, and good food to back it up.
1	I went with my girl friend for lunch there today, for the first time.The food was below standards, the service was terrible.1. The waitress brought me back a different salad than what I asked for2. She used her bare hands to pick up my brownie from the platter and put it in a to-go box!!! Eeeww!3. She charged me for the wrong item (more expensive) and did not bother to change the bill after I pointed that out to her!4. Made my friend and I wait 15 minutes for the check, while making conversations with other customers!5. She brought back the flour tortilla wraps to the customers next to us although they asked for lettuce wraps because of wheat allergy!6. The salad greens were not just wilted, certain parts were decomposing!7. The brownie was worse than Denny's.I would not go there again.
2	I had been very excited to check out the Tea Loft and finally had a chance to drop in.  While it had some good points, overall I would say it was ok, but both my friend and I felt there was something "off".The Tea Loft has the normal shelves of teapots like a Souvia or Starbucks, but then had tables set for a dinner menu that matched Cafe Boa.  It felt like a tug of war between wanting to get an iced coffee to-go or order the salmon.  It did have a few rooms in the back for large groups and they were beautiful.  If you need a place for a shower, birthday or group, you should at least look at the back rooms.  The desserts they had were exquisite and the tea I had was good, but there wasn't a large selection of teas.  All in all, a mixed experience.
5	Beautifully decorated & quaint / modern outfit. UTL redefines the meaning of the word hip/trendy/stylish. The staff is so incredible, they treat customers like family. Great salads, strong "tini" drinks. You can't find a better atmosphere. A little pricier per drink than Starbucks, but quality is higher (referring to teas) Hang out and visit or keep to yourself.
5	Actually, this review has nothing to do with the food.  Well, maybe a little: the menu is AMAZING!  And Matthew C. is correct, the staff is wonderful: enthusiastic and warm.  But maybe that is because they get to work a dining room where everyone is laughing!  I attended the Clean Comedy event at The Urban Tea Loft and really enjoyed it.  A bit of a slow start, yes, but ending on a strong note.   (Like a good glass of wine, I guess.)  I highly recommend it.  It is a really nice event for a date, and the restaurant is just so quaint.
4	Great place for ladies who lunch... The restaurant is small and intimate, the decor is bright and lively. I went in for lunch and ordered the Green Chili Chicken Panini. It was fabulous. They do not skimp on the indigents and even the chicken was tender and juicy. I had the tea-tini's here awhile back and I remember them being lovely. The dessert case was full of devilish temptations. I had no room left after my sandwich :( Go and relax with a simply good lunch.
5	I met a client at Urban Tea this am and I couldn't have been more impressed!This is not any ordinary tea shop!!!Urban Tea offers Green Tea, Oolong, Black, and Herb teas, offered hot and then they have their specials that are offered cold.  The tea is served in a "Brewt" type pot which is then placed over your clear mug and the pressure allows the tea to strain into your mug.  I don't think you can go wrong with any of their tea offerings, plus they offer desserts and have a full bar for the after 5 crowd. Manager Amanda is extremely knowledgeable and will take good care of newbies!If you are tired of the standard coffee and tea shop, try this one!
5	Best place I've been to in a while. If your looking for a get together with the friends, quick lunch, coffee, tea, desert :7...... or business met up. This is your place. Great music, service and delicious food! They have two beautiful private rooms for business parties or private parties.  A friend and I went for breakfast, I had the urban skillet and she had french toast, it sent both our taste buds dancing.................. and the tea.......... was phenomenal! We will definitely be back to try lunch and dinner This place is a must ..... go check it out today!
5	Introduced another newbie to the Tea Loft. Still excellent! Tried a lemon/raspberry/basil ice tea- awesome.  If you like tea and want to try some new, creative and tasty infusions, then you need to go here. Now. Close the browser and go. Oh, and yes, even if you don't like tea there are other things to drink. The food is yummy too!
5	I love this place! I have been wanting to go here for a while and finally when a business associate and I were planning on meeting I decided to meet here instead of Starbucks. The tea is fantastic and the Green Chili Chicken Panini along with the pasta salad is super tasty. I have been here about five times in the past month - I take all my meetings here now! The atmosphere is trendy and comfortable. The two private rooms are very reasonable to reserve and very chic.
5	A rare gem is to find a restaurant that demands you slow down and enjoy life's little delicacies. If you get a chance, ask the owner Glynis about her reasons for starting Urban and you'll see this isn't a mistake. Tea and food are meant to be savored along with good conversation. No 15-minute meals here. Sit down and enjoy one of their many unique combinations of teas and herbs - my favorite being their Lavender Mint Lemonade - while waiting for your food. Their entrees are traditional with a southern twist, and change often enough that even as a regular, I've never had the same thing twice. Urban is also great for healing. Their Mountain Mist mint tea has cured scratchy throats and clogged sinuses at Gangplank on more than one occassion.Lastly, be sure to reserve a seat at their New Year's Teatini Lovers Dinner. Four courses for an incredibly reasonable price, with portions perfectly sized so you aren't rolling out of the place. Their bread pudding with gelato is orgasmic =)
5	I have a blast every time I eat at this place. I had NYE there, met a colleague for a business lunch and took my parents for dinner when they were in town.The chicken and salmon are fantastic.When you order tea, be sure to inquire whether it's hot or cold. I've seen a few people make this error.Great date place.
5	Sadly, I haven't been to Urban Tea Loft lately, or as often as I should. The owner Glynis is an inspiration (read her story on their website). She and her husband make a wonderful team. UTL is always willing to support the community (they catered 'LaidOff Camp' last year). The first time I ate here was after an event at Gangplank up the street, so were all seated in the private room (which is pretty comfortable). I had the mac and cheese, which was amazing, and tried a Chai Tea Martini (manly, I know).
5	As a Chandlerite, I've been here several times. Every time has been stellar. My sister and I went for tea and noms last Friday, and we split the Bruschetta and a Caprese tower. My mouth was in rapture! The apple pear green tea was tasty and even better after the second steep. We left stuffed but satisfied.They've really made the space beautiful, and I found myself thinking of reasons to rent out that awesome back room with the rad, artsy chandelier. Maybe for my next birthday.I give this place two enthusiastic thumbs up.
4	Must have the mac and cheese...made with ritz crackers, bacon, spinach.  The martinis are out of this world as well.  Menu changes periodically and isn't the largest but great dishes either way.Service is slow but the environment is nice.  Returned frequently and will still return.
2	Normally I would give the restaurant a mulligan but I never felt at ease the entire time at UTL.My experience had a rocky beginning when I wasn't greeted when I entered the restaurant - although I was outnumbered by servers 2:1.  After sitting down, I immediately switched tables because my first option was covered in crumbs and whathaveyou, only to move to a less dirty table.  My server never seem all that interested in getting my order correct however uncomplicated it was. To be fair, the food was pretty good but I was too distracted by the aloof service, dirty tables, and awkward decor to be able to enjoy it. I was excited to give UTL a shot and unfortunately left underwhelmed.
5	I love this charming little place. So European and hip. Met a friend there for dinner. The service was fast and friendly. The food was great and presented well. They had live music which was a tad loud but still made for even better ambience.
4	Tried this for the first time the other day. The staff was very friendly and really takes the time to explain things to you. A must to check out!!!
3	My girlfriend and I came to Urban Tea Loft for lunch and had a mixed experience that seems to echo many I have read here. The atmosphere is hip and quaint and relaxing- a plus! We went on a Friday during lunch and the place was packed. We were greeted warmly but had to sit at the patio because the only available table was right near the register, sitting slightly under the counter. We sat at the patio for seven minutes, being completely ignored and never getting a menu. W waited until two tables left, hoping they would clean one off and we could sit. When they didn't clear a table, we came inside and told them it was too cold to sit outside. One server said we could sit at one of the dirty tables and he'd clean it for us. We sat for several minutes before he came and took two plates, leaving the rest of the mess for another five or six minutes until the other server came and finally acknowledged us.I really have been excited about coming here, so I really wanted to have a good experience. I know a lot of Glynis and her husband and they have a great company and are very caring. The food was fantastic. I had the chicken chili panini and a blend of coffee, tea and cocoa- great! The pasta salad is SO delicious! My friend had the gyro. We both loved the food. Our only complaint is the service, which got progressively worse as the day went on. We were there almost two hours for lunch because we really had to wait a lot to order, then to get our food, then for her to check up on us and then sixteen minutes after we ordered deserts- did we finally get those.  As sweet as our server was, it was not packed enough to be ignored so much.  The owners were busy with meetings going on in the back, and I completely understand, otherwise I would have met with them to tell them how I felt.I hope to meet them next time, as I will return for the food and hopes the service will get better!
2	I really wanted to like this place because it has such a great concept and I like to support local businesses.  However the service was terrible.  It seemed like they're under staffed and for being a local joint they were simply not that friendly.  My husband and I waited forever to get our order taken, our teas delivered and our check.  Also, as the waiter was cleaning the tables near us to accommodate the guests waiting, he put the dirty dishes on the bar counter.  Now come on, that's not pleasing to the eye.  The least you can do is bring it to the back.  No one wants to see dirty dishes on top of the bar, right near where your tea is getting made.  They should consider hiring one of those high schoolers right down the street as a busboy/girl to clean up the dirty dishes.
3	So, I've only been here twice, but my experiences were wildly different between the visits. The first time, we ordered some tea and a light lunch, and the staff was really helpful and the food came out pretty fast. It was also really tasty! We were in love! The second time, it was a bit busier so we sat at the bar, ordered some bruschetta and a couple entrees, and tea as well. I figured it would take a while because they were busy, but we waited over an hour for our appetizer - the staff kept saying they could see it being made, but it obviously wasn't, and when it came out it was kind of.. meh. After an hour of waiting for tomato on toast, we decided to leave. Still, I have high hopes that the third time will turn out much better!
5	I am in Phoenix (Chandler) visiting a friend and doing some business so everything here is new to me. I found this place through yelp and I am so thankful for yelp's reviews to guide me to the great places that this city has to offer. I haven't gone there for the tea but have had dinner here twice and look forward to going back again (and again) Food: I'm just going to say pure deliciousness. Cant wait to go back for tea and dessert; the deserts look really great, I just haven't gotten to try them yet. I guess I'll have to update this review after going back for desert which I plan to do soon. Great atmosphere, friendly helpful service. It's just all good!I look forward to trying many of the other tasty looking dishes on the menu and I imagine that this is going to become one of my favorite places to eat during my stay here in Chandler. Highly reccomended.
4	Great little place that makes you feel like your in a city, not the Valley. We had pretty good service. I had 2 tea-tini's and they were supposed to be the same but they were drastically different. I'm not sure what I got, but both were good. The waiter did take one off of our bill, which I thought was sweet. I also had the house salad which was very good and FRESH! For my entree I chose the salmon. It was fantastic. I literally cleaned my plate. There was NOTHING left when the waiter came back to remove my plate. I'll admit I was very hungry, however I am picky when it comes to fish and my salmon was cooked perfectly. It was also seasoned nicely. Not too salty or with other overwhelming spices. Yummy, my mouth is watering just thinking about it:) I am going back again and I will probably order the same thing. I'll let you know how it is the second time around!
4	I live pretty close to downtown Chandler, but I never really venture down there anymore since they closed the Naughty and Nice lingere store. But I got a Groupon for the Urban Tea Loft. It was only for $15 so I decided to go alone.I left work early and had a quite lunch to myself... bonus!! It's a very small place but I loved the atmosphere. Some of the seating is 1/2 table/ 1/2 booth with really high backs (think carnival Tilt-a-Whirl style). Very comfortable.I ordered the Crab Cake appetizer and it was delicious. I also ordered the BLT Croissant with the house salad, also amazing. I'm not really a tea drinker, so I opted for a rootbeer. The waitress brought me a glass, and then sat the leftover can on my table. I was kind of put off by that, being how it's such a fancy place and then here is a can of MUG Rootbeer on the table. Overall I enjoyed it quite a bit and I can't wait to go back.
4	Delicious teas and food but the service could be much better.  Every time I've been here, they seem to be under staffed with just two waiters.  This place should hire at least another person to make the teas, since that in itself is time consuming.
5	With the limited amount of tea rooms in the valley I was eager to try Urban Tea Loft and took advantage of a coupon offer.  My friend and I were very impressed with the whole atmosphere.  The food was great, the service polite and attentive without hoovering, and the location easy to find and get too.  We like their special tea brewing 'pots' which poured from the bottom - a nice unique touch.
4	Had lunch here today and it was delicious!  I had the chicken salad croissant and husband had the gyro.  The croissant was sublime -- warm, flaky and fresh (just like my husband :-)  He loved his gyro and kept raving about it.  We shared the chocolate peanut butter cake.  Yummy!  Also, the iced tea was the best I've ever had.  Very cute place - loved the set up.Yes, the service was a little slow (but very friendly.)  Luckily, we weren't in a hurry.  I would've been stressed if we had to be somewhere.   Looking forward to visiting again!
5	This place is so cool. We had some tea but I will be back to eat. Their menu looks amazing. The decor is great and very laid back.
5	I bought a Groupon for The Urban Tea Loft because I always like trying something new and it was a good deal.  My boyfriend and I decided to go in for brunch last Saturday and really enjoyed ourselves.  The atmosphere is very relaxing with soft music and the decor is kind of mod and vintage mixed together. We sat down and the waitress brought us menus to look over. I chose to try the pear (and another fruit I forget?) tea and it was really good.  I ordered the egg and cheese croissant and he ordered the urban skillet. It was sooooooo good. I took a bite of his and his was good too.  I had eyed the dessert case and there were so many cute yet delicious looking treats. If I hadn't been full, I would have probably split a couple with the boyfriend. Next time!(I don't know if I just came on a good day, but the service was great.  It wasn't perhaps as fast as a chain restaurant, but I imagine it's because they're making everything fresh and there's not 12 guys back there on a line. The waitstaff was very attentive and helpful.)
4	Damn good food , happy with the meal.  I have been here twice.  The steak and the tea so GOOD!
5	Love, love, loveeeeeeeeeeeee this place!My girlfriend made this suggestion for us to meet and have some tea. When I walked it the place was very quint and cozy. We grabbed one of the comfy chairs and greeted by our server. She was really sweet (forgot to catch her name) and was very informative on the all variations of tea, as well as allowing me to smell the different leaves/mixes. I ordered the organic ginger/peach as well as the organic chicken salad. Both items were DELICIOUS. The tea was amazingly good and I opted not to use stevia (sweetener).Their dessert case looked decadent but stayed away (summer is near! need to look good in the polka dot bikini). We were running late for our next appointment so when we got our check I asked for a to go cup for my tea - the server brought out a full tea for me to take with me which was a nice treat to have.Would go back again when I am in town.It was like being in a wine bar but for tea lovers!!
5	Amazing food, friendly staff, EPIC desserts, peaceful environment & the tea is to die for!
4	Love this place!!!!  Hip and different for AZ.  Panannis -yum.  Cake slices will definitely blow your diet!  And then, of course, there's the great tea.  Service is sometimes slow...generational perspective-perhaps... ;-)
1	Terrible experience. We arrived to this place at 2:45 on a Wednesday with a group of 7 people for a late lunch wanting a sandwich/salad. We were seated right away but from then on the service was horrendous. We waited for our drinks for 30 min before our waitress came by to take a order. Our orders were taken but then it took over ONE HOUR for our food to arrive. During this time no one came over to explain the delay or check up on us. The food arrived sporadically, so that by the time the last person's food arrived (a full HOUR AND A HALF after we arrived) the first few people were done eating. There was only two waitresses working the place, which was fine, but only one of them was actually waitressing, the other one was just standing behind the tea bar, cleaning and organizing stuff. Hello! If we are just waiting for 1.5h for stuff, at least you could come by and offer us to order drinks or something. She didn't even care! After our meal I went up to her on behalf of our group and asked to speak to the manager. She said "the manager is in the back, is there an issue I can help you with?" and I explained our frustration at the lack of service and waiting forever for our food and she actually argued with me! She said "actually, we checked the tickets and it only took half an hour from the time you ordered till the food arrived." Sorry, but maybe that's because it took forever to order our food, and it was MAYBE a half hour until the first person in the group got their food, the last person didn't get theirs till 3:45pm.  And besides, why would you even argue that with me? Even half an hour is too long to wait for a SANDWICH! And why don't you just get the manager?! She went on to say that the manager was also the cook in the back, and the only one at that. Whatever, then at least let us know that before we waste forever at your place, or offer us some tea or coffee while we wait, it's not like you're THAT busy.  The one time I actually did need something (I got coffee as my drink, but there was no milk and sugar given with it) I actually waited so long that I eventually GOT UP and approached the waitress to ask her to hand it to me before I the coffee got cold. Anyway, the whole attitude was just snobby and I didn't like it. I would recommend NOT to go to this place!
5	We went for brunch on Sunday, but we ended up eating more lunch fare.  We hit the restaurant with only one other table seated, as we were there after the main brunch time.  We were seated right away and our waitress explained the teas of the day.  She got us our water and a sample of one of the teas immediately.  She was very helpful and patient as it took me a long time to decide what I wanted to eat due to the numerous vegetarian options (that can be hard to find sometimes!)  I got the pear salad and it was one of the best salads I have had in a long time.  My boyfriend got a half salad, half ham and cheese sandwich.  He said it was great too.  I also ordered a scone, which came out piping hot with lemon clotted cream (I think) and butter.  It was delicious!  I would love to try it again as there were so many options on the menu that looked good.  Or maybe just go back for dessert, because it looked so good!!!
2	I used to frequent the Urban Tea Loft!  I adore the Chai Teatini--it's amazing, and their amaretto black tea is to die for.  The food is average (nothing special), but the atmosphere is chic and lively and I've always liked being there. Unfortunately, the terrible service will prevent me from going anymore. The service was not just bad on one off-day-- it's been maddeningly slow and extremely inattentive EVERY time I've been there. It never takes less than 20 minutes to get your meal, and I've never been offered a drink refill or a dessert option by ANY server prior to them just bringing the check out. The servers also seem to routinely have friends in the restaurant that they sit down and chat with for great lengths of time rather than attending to their tables. I dunno, maybe we've just caught them on bad days the past 7 or 8 times we've been there, but 7 or 8 bad experiences is way too many and I will not be returning to or recommending the UTL to others.
3	This is my second visit to Urban Tea Loft and I know many people absolutely LOVE this place. I'm just so-so. Our party of 12 truly enjoyed the delicious bruschetta, the cool crisp salads with yummy bacon, and the ultra-delicious, oh-so-incredible desserts. I'm talking chocolate peanut butter mousse cake, carrot cake, chocolate banana cake, red-velvet cake and on and on. Skip the veggie pizza and the pastas. Oh, and don't get your hopes up until you ask if they are out of the catfish! Overall, the service was pretty bad. Our server was confused and forgot our orders; some of us got extra tea that we didn't order and some of us never got refills; they were out of 4 or 5 major items on the menu (it was a Thursday evening) and at the end of dinner we had to go through our orders again because of a misplaced tab. Three of our small plates were seriously dirty with leftover food on them. Ick. We all agreed this place was okay, but could use some more help.
2	Had dinner there this weekend.  I ordered the Pork Tenderloin, which turned out to be pork loin.  Dry, tough, chewy.  My date had the scallops, which from what I tasted was bland.  Seriously, the mashed potatoes were the highlight of dinner.The bill came to on the order of $40, including iced tea.  For the money, Denny's is a much better option.  Don't think I'll be back.
5	I have been a fan of The Urban Tea Loft, even before they opened!  Glynis & Eric LeGrand gave us a tour one night for my curious family.  Since then, I've visited several times.  Each time the experience has been just as friendly and enjoyable as that first night.  My husband & I had valentines dinner there and a nice after-run breakfast, too.   It's got a hip upscale ambience, yet you feel very comfortable.  Great place for a date!
1	I've been to the Urban Tea Loft four times now, and all four times it has been an awful experience. I guess I continued to go because i wanted to support the restaurant and I understand the meaning behind the tea concept, and admire the owner for the fight against cancer.Let me be honest by saying the food is decent. Mac and cheese is great... SERVICE is extremely slow... Give me a break...we were 1 of 2 tables there.... At the start of the morning... Can't be busy when there's only 9 tables and ONLY 2 were taken up. My guy and I ordered bloody mary's... First let me say, there wasn't  any garnish and there wasn't any seasoning in the drink! It was pure tomato juice. Second, we ordered... I ordered French toasts, and my guy ordered the ribeye skillet...I waited ten minutes after I placed my order to check in through yelp... We waited 37 minutes not including the 10 i waited prior...and still no food... So I walked over to the server and politely asked for the check and they kept saying "are you sure you want it.. Your food is really almost out" you kidding me.. Almost out?!  Uh... Let me think.... No crap... I would really like it... Basically she never did what I asked.. Instead she came back with the food... The ribeye...was raw... I ate my French toast cause I was so... hungry! but give me a break... Absolutely no comp on anything... Manager nor the owner didn't even come out to apologize... How ridiculous is this?!!! I don't like to write bad reviews, This is actually my first...and forgive me for grammar but I just am still so annoyed. I gave this restaurant the benefit of the doubt and every time they have let me down. No excuse for poor service... We paid full price for everything, absolutely nothing was comped and it was obvious I was upset, but wasn't rude.. I just simply said "I'm sorry, but 47 minutes is a very long time to wait for French toast, so we would like our check and pay for our drinks..."And I still tipped 20% ask me why?! I have no clue... I've been a server and in no way would I ever let my customers leave unhappy.. I would apologized, get their food comped, get a manager and make sure if they do ever come in again they will be well taken care of. No excuse for such poor service... The Restaurant wasn't busy... I crap bricks when I left!I don't recommend to eat in.. Maybe order togo, but that's it. The $40 I spent on breakfast I could've been in and out stuffed at BLD. No thank you for the 5th visit... This place really pinched my nerves... 4 visits and each visit has always been extremely slow...restaurant is too small to be overwhelm when the restaurant isn't even full... 2 servers for 9 tables... Please don't tell me it's too much to handle. Well, I will never return here again... Those who have gone here and have gotten great service and didn't have as long of a wait for food.. GOOD FOR YOU! They need customers somewhere and somehow.
2	My husband and I ate here tonight. We were disappointed. The service was fairly good. Our waiter was friendly, but downplayed a couple of the deserts saying he should was going to throw the pie away. And he brought my husband the wrong iced tea. I asked for Earl Gray tea. He said either they were out or someone had hidden the canister. But brought over a similar earl gray but with rose notes. It was ok, but not what I wanted.I drink my tea with honey. When I asked for it, I was told they were out. A tea restaurant out of honey AND Earl Gray tea???? I had to use sugar. No spoon to stir the tea, my waiter said I could use my knife. They advertise they also serve coffee. When my husband asked for it with his dessert, he was told they only have one kind " a San Francisco blend. I don't know much about coffee." And they were OUT! I know it's a tea place, but know a bit about your product and actually HAVE them.On the plus side, our dinner was excellent.I will be back to try again. Maybe it was an off night.
5	Urban Tea Loft is one of my favorite lunch places.  Food is super yummy! I love the mac and cheese and their Pear Salad.  After reading other reviews I do agree that the service is often slow, but I use that as a chance to catch up with my friends.
2	First let me say that this part of downtown Chandler is really cool and I was excited to try the Urban Tea Loft. I am a tea NUT and so I was planning to host a brunch for a girlfriend of mine who is getting married here. Judging from the website this looked like a really special place, so I went to go check it out before I made a reservation.The space is beautiful and the furnishings are top knotch ...and that is where the compliments end. I arrived with a friend at 10:15 in the morning on a Saturday. It was us and one other table of two.The place was understaffed and things looked discombulated. There  was one waitress in the whole place which would have been fine if she was experienced and didnt have 10 stitches in her hand from a dishwashing accident a few days before..every plate she carried and tea pot she brought out she was clearly in agony..... but the food was good. The cook was awesome! Very friendly (I met him because he had to come out of the kitchen to help deliver food and clear dishes..). I got a little pissed though when a person who appeared to be the owner arrived and walked around for a second and then disappeared..The girl needed a little help out there..Dont go here if you expect to find a new tea, have conversation with someone who knows about tea or to buy tea or any accessories. It does not appear that the staff or owners have any knowledge in this regard or know what a tea enthusiast would expect from a place named the Urban Tea Loft.At least that was the impression I got from my visit. I would suggest that the owner take a trip with her employees to even the local Teavana store to observe the employees knowledge and enthusiasm and the items available for purchase. That said this place has SO much potential and I really hope that the owners get it together!
5	I loved this place! The food was excellent, the tea was beyond amazing and even better than that was the service!  Garrett is the best! I teach aesthetics (service industry) and am rarely WOWed with customer service!   Go for the tea and a slice of Garrett! I made this account because he was so impressive, and you rarely get that experience. I highly recommend this place for lunch!
3	Hipster....yes. Trendy.... definitely. It's a cute establishment,  nice music, lighting, and etc. Based on some of the previous reviews I thought i'd play it safe and have tea, (coffee & Grand Marnier chocolate cake for my husband). The tea came in some fancy tea diffuser, and a simple gal like me needed instructions. After spilling the tea, the waitress provided me w/instructions. The tea was good and my spouse enjoyed the coffee. The cake was pretty and sweet, but nothing to write home about. They did seem short staffed as 2 tables were still messy, so we ended up sitting at the counter where a chatty waiter prattled on endlessly about whatever. I wouldn't drive all the way from Scottsdale just for the Tea Loft, but if I were already in Chandler and didn't mind waiting for a meal, I guess i'd go back.
4	Wonderfully complimentary cakes and teas tagged with a calm, smooth atmosphere for extreme hot summers or sweet, cold winters.
4	Downtown Chandler is a great place to find local shops and boutiques.  One of which is the Urban Tea Loft.  They have an extensive tea collection for you to chose from.  Be sure to check-in from Yelp to receive your free glass of wine.  The first thing i noticed that this restaurant is hip and forward-thinking using an iPod Touch to take orders and an iPad for your bill at the end.  It's a small restaurant, so if you're here at a busy time, you'll have to wait a bit longer.Now onto the food.  My meal was simple, but excellent.  I never thought that I grilled veggie sandwich and tomato basil soup could taste so well.  The soup was extremely creamy.  And they added more cream than most places.  It actually works well because there's less of the tangy tomato taste.  The added basil garnish is a nice touch.  The grilled veggie panini had fresh vegetables with seasoned goat cheese and house made pesto sauce.  It was a creative combination to jazz up a plain panini.  Simple creative fresh food that utilizes technology to the fullest.  That sums up Urban Tea Loft.  Be sure to check out this cute restaurant in the heart of Chandler.
4	I was in the downtown Chandler area this afternoon for the Farmer's Market and stepped in to this place for some tea and maybe some dinner.  As I perused their entree menu, I was not really excited about anything except maybe the mac n cheese.. but since I didn't want to overdo it (I saw their amazing display of desserts) with my meal and have no room for dessert, I just ordered an appetizer.I ordered the Caprese which was moz and tomato with pesto and balsamic drizzled.. it was tasty, but not mind-blowing.  I tried their double-chocolate mate tea and, just as promised, it was chocolatey smelling and was actually enjoyable.  I finally got around to their dessert display and after asking what they all contained, I ordered the Pyramid with Pecans, Caramel, Mousse, and Chocolate... WOW - it was outstanding!  Not rich, not excessively sweet, just an ideal balance of all the ingredients into a very satisfying dessert.The staff was great, too - the young gal with the glasses was friendly, helpful and quick.  The guy that was in the back prepping the dishes was also friendly and asked how we were and if we were enjoying our dish.I am giving them 4 stars for having outstanding dessert, great service, and very enjoyable tea selection.. I will come back to get more tea and more pyramids.
4	Came here on a beautiful afternoon for a little ''tea party'' with a friend. Even on a weekday, all the tables were full. We were seated outside which wasn't a big problem since it was sunny. We ordered the special hummus plate and a green tea drink. (They have over a dozen different tea flavors) They put the tea leaves in this really cute tea pot, fill it with hot water. Once it steeps, you put it on top of your bodum cup and there's a hole at the bottom of the teapot where the tea comes out.The chef even came out and asked us how our hummus was. We definitely liked the babaganush. (sp?) The veggies were fresh but the pita slices could have been a little softer.My friend ordered a soup/salad dish. Nothing fancy about it. Just simple chicken noodle and a mixed green with balsamic dressing. I wish I had room for dessert but didn't have time for it. Overall, a great place to hang out and have some TEA!
4	Modern tea place with food in Old Town Chandler.  Two iced tea specials each day and they brew their other teas by the pot which gives you up to 12 cups.  They have really neat teapots, called Teaze, that dispense the tea when you put it over the cup, and it stops when you take it off.   We tried the San Jose tea which had orange and chocolate flavors to it. They have dozens of tea flavors.
3	Food is pretty good, but the service is inconsistent. I have been here three times, once right after they opened, once a few years ago, and once during 2011 on the finals days of a groupon deal.  The groupon deal was beyond insane and even though I made a reservation they literally told me they didn't care and I had to wait in line with everyone else. After waiting an hour we bailed. I understand the curse of the groupon, but it would be nice if they at least attempted to be nice to their customers that day. Anyway, I love the concept and it's a nice retreat from the other more alcohol oriented establishments in the immediate hood. Just be prepared to wait and deal with slower service.
3	~3.5My boyfriend surprised me with dinner and a movie and this is where we started the evening off. It was a bit early when we got there so we were the only table to be seated for a while. They (obviously) have a wide offering of teas, but I decided on the amaretto black tea, which was divine. Bf had the walnut green tea (on accident) and the cappuccino black tea, we both liked the green tea better.  We checked in on Yelp and each got a glass of wine with our entrees, score!Each entree comes with a salad which was pretty good. They have a surprisingly small entree menu, so I decided on the only chicken dish that night which was green tea glazed teriyaki chicken. The sole reason they're not getting a 4 is because I tasted neither green tea or teriyaki on the chicken, but it was wonderfully cooked, moist, and delicious nonetheless. My bf raved about his pork chops, and we both cleaned our plates :)We'll definitely return to check out their other offerings
5	boyfriend took me here for a date and I loved it. This cute place is located at download  Chandler. When we walked into this place, the owner greeted us nicely and said to sit wherever we like and he will be with us after we look over the menu. As we both looked at the menu, wow, there were a lot of different flavor tea tinis  The booths were cute. As you can see in the pictures where others had posted, the booths are cute for two or maybe even four (double daters) would fit. The owner/bartender made delish tea tinis and a slice of red velvet to go along with. He decorated a simple slice of cake onto a beautiful plate. Will come again.
4	I have been going to Urban for a few years now. I love to sample all the different teas and of course indulge in the delicious food! I have gone with kids and adults and have always had a pleasant experience. Plan ahead, good food can take some time to prepare, but as I always say, it's worth the wait.
4	upscale dining for lunch. Well, only because the interior is adorned with tea sets and tea which means you definitely should try some of their tea. Then you see the menu and think, wow that sounds delicious. AND THEN even after you eat and loiter around for about an hour as you find yourself constantly finishing your pot of tea (since they give refills as requested), you find yourself walking towards the bathroom. BUT as you walk by you see the case of scrumptious desserts and think, why am I not eating those?? So yes, your bill will be quite high but all in all you wont regret a cent.
5	I come in from the East coast to visit my mom in Phoenix and we eat at the Urban Tea Loft every time. The last time we went, I was asked how I wanted my salmon cooked--i've NEVER been asked that and the salmon was wonderful. Our meals were accompanied by creative salads and, of course, we had to take slices of red velvet cake and apple pie home for later enjoyment.We've also been to the Tea Loft for wonderful, soul food brunches (a dearth in this area).And then there are the teas. The owner is a tea aficionado and a very warm person and she will recommend flavorful teas from around the world for you to try. Hibiscus, green teas with fruit bits, spearmint teas--she knows them all and can also tell you about the health benefits of each.The food is always great, the people are warm and friendly, the teas are delicious!  Check it out.
4	A great place that sadly just shut its doors last week.  They are gone gone gone  :(
1	Urban Tea Loft is CLOSED!  I was just here in May and got some awesome lime tea.  Stopped by today and was told by a neighboring store that they closed up two weeks ago.
5	I'm sad this business had to close. Great concept and great atmosphere. The valley needs a chill spot like this.
