3	I went here last night before going to the movies. I had heard a lot of good things about this place so I didn't mind at all when Tanja R. suggested to have something to eat there.We were greeted warmly at the door and chose a table. I had a glass of red wine and we shared a small bowl of olives as a starter.The menu isn't particularly extensive, nor interesting. It has the usual selection of starters, followed by main courses of pasta, pizza, chicken, fish and steak. They do have some daily specialities, one of which was a vegetarian risotto on that day. I asked about the pizzas and the waitress said she can ask the kitchen to make the base especially thin, as that is how I like them. From our table we had a partial view to the kitchen. Food arrived quickly and soon I was tucking into a pizza with mozzarella, prawns and rocket. It had a thin base indeed and tasted very nice. Really enjoyed the house red as well.Staff at Mia Restaurant are super friendly and accomodating. I would happily return to try some of the other dishes on the menu.
5	Busy Saturday night but our visit tonight could not have been better. The restaurant was rammed full but the wait staff were super friendly and attentive. We both ordered fish and my tuna in a caper and tomato sauce was pretty sublime. People often talk about food "melting in the mouth" and, food the first time, I can say this was just that. Mia's chef is a talented man! For pudding, I couldn't resist the tiramisu - it should be good being from an italian restaurant and it was. Not to coffee-ish and very creamy. Highly recommended all round and it deserves it's TripAdvisor top three placing. Mia is popular, though, so make sure you book early.
4	We went out for a lovely little Italian meal. The food tasted great and fresh. The menu had a great variety and the food was well presented. The staff were lovely and warm. The decor was simple and well suited to the budget and location. It didn't detract from the food. I had a glass if house wine and it was delightful. All in all, very affordable and I thought very good value for money. A great bite if in Edinburgh looking for some Italian.
4	Dalry Road is full to brimming with a range of restaurants and cafes, and Mia is a good addition to the mix. I had a very enjoyable meal here with friends and would be happy to return for another outing. I opted for the seafood pasta and when it landed on the table it was like half of the ocean had been put in front of me. Mussels, prawns, shrimp, clams and squid along with tomato sauce and spaghetti - yum! I was far too full to try anything else, but I fancy a return to try the desserts!
4	Really enjoyed our food here. Was a busy Friday night but we got a table fine and had a lovely bottle of wine and some solid italian food. Recommended for a quiet night. Thankfully the birthday party was hidden away at the other side of the restaurant behind the bar which separated them nicely otherwise that could have been a bit overpowering! Some stuff took quite a while to come out, and the staff seemed a bit distracted at times, but the overblown italian accents keep us entertained. Head here for some great pasta, good wine and nice atmosphere.
4	Yuuuuuummmmmmmm.You know you have a damn good pizza when you compare it to one you had whilst in Rome, and your new prize wins.Lovely, friendly service, delicious appetizer, and good wine. Not to mention it has a lovely atmosphere--we walk past this place often and always paused by the windows with our noses pressed against the glasses, peering inside wistfully like children, commenting, "Doesn't that look cozy?"And indeed it was. If you're looking for some good Italian eats, give this place a shout.
