5	The service staff were very friendly, my car repairs were done quickly, they returned the car sparkling inside and out, and all the repairs look fantastic.  Plus, since they are connected with my insurance company, anything additional just went directly between them, saving me a time consuming step.  I'm completely satisfied, and my car looks much better than it did even before it was backed into in a parking lot...
5	911 Collision Centers was fantastic! I was able to go in, get a quote, have the work scheduled, work with a 3rd party and have the work completed within the time given. I appreciated everyone's patience to see that my car was handled properly. Thank you again!
5	Getting into an accident is no fun:  Dealing with insurance companies, the other party involved, arranging for a rental car, blah blah blah...  And the only positive thing that came out of that experience was going to Caliber Collision Centers.Stepping into Caliber's office was pleasant, the workers were friendly, nice and attentive.  I waited about 10 minutes before the employee took a look at my car and I turned over my keys.  I waited longer for the rental car company to pick me up than the entire check-in process!They called a few days later to give me an update.  That they had all the parts in and they should be completed with my car in 7 business days.  They explained that they were in contact with my insurance company to discuss the additional damages that were not included in the estimate under the hood of the car.  They assured me that everything would be taken care of (it wasn't my fault so the other insurance company was paying for everything).  As promised, my car was ready on the day they told me.  I got my car back looking better than before the accident!  They detailed my car, cleaned the inside, somehow they got all the nicks out (in places that weren't even affected by the accident!).  They made me feel that they genuinely cared about my car (as if it were my child-haha) and were so pleasantly nice during the entire process.  This company was recommended to me by a coworker and I will highly recommend anyone to take their car in to Caliber Collision Centers.  My experience was exceptional!
1	I originally had my car at the Caliber Collision in North Las Vegas on March 11th. I had a terrible experience (see me review) and thought maybe hubby and I could try our luck at this location. I brought my car to this location on March 25th. The center manager came outside to personally inspect the car and all the problems that needed to be addressed. I really had high hopes because this guy seemed to listen to what I had to say and hand wrote a list (it was long) of everything that wasn't fixed and everything the other location messed up along the way. He even approved of me taking pictures and video of the inspection which made me feel comfortable. He did apologize heavily for the way I as well hubby was treated at the other location and assured us that everything would be corrected. The manager had someone from Enterprise car rental come pick us up and Caliber covered the cost of a rental car for as long as it took to fix the car. Things seemed to finally be panning out.After 2 weeks I was informed that the car was ready for pick up and it is now April 6th. We didn't deal with the manager this time but instead a female worker who was very nice. Too bad after having it 2 weeks they couldn't take care of everything. I was pleased with a majority of the issues being fixed but when it isn't the right way it is supposed to be it just stays this never ending frustration. The woman going over the car with us genuinely seems to believe they did a great job which lead me to realize that maybe to them they think it is great work but it is sloppy and lazy. She said they just simply shampooed a couple areas in the car instead of doing the full detail that Caliber billed the insurance company for. The passenger door still wasn't painted all the way either! Also, Hubby has blue lights he installed going down the side of the car and the manager said he wouldn't be able to paint the sidestep because the lights would get painted. Hubby was clear that he did not want the lights removed and with the manager agreeing we didn't think it would be an issue. The first thing I noticed on the passenger side was the lights were removed. They removed the lights anyway and didn't even paint  the side step! I asked the woman about it and she said she had no idea why they did that and to just buy new ones and give them the receipt for reimbursement.They seem to try but fail. Basically she told me that when I am in the area I can just stop by and get all these little things fixed. I do not have the time to keep coming back because they aren't capable of getting the job right the first time. I do not recommend Caliber Collision ever. I bet a place that only changes oil could do a better job.
5	After the center manager manager, Dan, got news of my review on yelp he reached out to me directly to address the situation. He said that yesterday (April, 9th) was his last day but he a man of his word and wanted to see that our car was taken care of properly. He drove from Henderson over to my house in Summerlin to personally pick up the car and take it back to Caliber Collision to fix the remaining issues. The car was returned to my house today (April 10th) by Dan and the new center manager, Matthew. The car looks great! I wish it could have been this simple from the start. They fixed all of the issues and did a great job cleaning the inside of the car. I wanted to write a review update because it is only fair to mention that they did make things right and I am truly appreciative about that. It for sure gave me belief that Caliber Collision can make good on their word.I want to take a moment to mention Dan, the now previous center manager. From the very beginning Dan made myself as well my husband feel that he had every intention of making things right for us. Unfortunately, things obviously didn't go so well at first but Dan went above and beyond to make everything right. The simple fact that yesterday was his last day but he took the time at all to take care of us the way he did just impressed me to the max. I don't know where Dan is headed to next but wherever it is that company will sure benefit from him.
5	Caliber Collision and the staff were extremely courteous and went above and beyond to assist me during a recent visit. Instead of getting the run around and unfriendly service, they quickly helped me attach a bumper part and I was on my way. I would definitely recommend Caliber Collision for anyone in need of Auto Body repairs in Las Vegas or Henderson. Thanks!
1	I went into this business wanting nothing more than a simple estimate for refinishing a corner of my bumper after some low life hit it in a parking lot and left the area.  This shop was recommended by my insurance company and was also right down the street from where we bought the car a couple months ago.  The person at the front desk was completely disorganized.  She could not find my insurance referral and clearly was not interested in helping me.  She told me they were too busy to help me that day and asked me to come back another time.  I have never been treated this rudely by a body shop.  She did not even know how simple the estimate would be, really just 5 minutes is all it took the shop I went to afterward.  I tried to explain this would be quick but she was unwilling to listen to me and was preoccupied with something else.  I offered to come back a bit later as I had driven across town to this location to get the estimate done and I could find a few things to do before they were closed for the day (which was 2 hours from when I was there.)  This lady told me they did not have any time that day to do an estimate.  If this business is not willing to take a basic courtesy of taking my information to gain my business then how willing would they be to fix a problem that appeared later?  There were many ways this could have been handled better, for example.Taking my basic information, having an estimator take a couple pictures and then do the write up later. Offering to let me come back in 30 minutes or so like I offered.Apologizing for how busy they were instead of ignoring me.A business that treats leads like this will not stay in business in Las Vegas very long.  The best advice I can give people is look at the BBB reviews, other social media reviews and stay as far away from this business as possible.  There are plenty of other body shops out there that do outstanding business that actually know how to treat customers.
5	Stopped in to have my car looked at and Vince took care of the issue very quickly and kindly! Thanks Caliber Collision Center!!!
5	Being in Sales here in Las Vegas I've seen it all.  But I can honestly say that Dave Stevens and the team at Caliber Collision is incredible.  They were friendly, honest, and proactive in fixing my wife's Toyota Sequoia (she was rear ended this Summer).  We were treated with respect and honesty.  I highly recommend Caliber Collision to anyone in The Valley looking for their type of service.
4	Excellent customer service!!! From the rental car all the way through to how beautiful my car looked. I couldn't even tell that I was just in an accident.  I truly recommend them for any body work that is needed.
1	The service I received at the Caliber Collisions center on Lone Mountain Road is Las Vegas was the WORST experience anyone could imagine. I had to take my vehicle back more than 5 times for work that should have been taken care of the first time (i.e. missing parts, uncharged A/C unit ).  After the last visit I decided to go else where only to find out that incorrect (after market) parts had been installed and other parts were installed improperly.  This was a total disaster.  I would not recommend the repair facility AT ALL !
5	YAYYYY!! My time here was amazing!! Unfortunate of why we came here..accident..but made the accident much better. The service was perfect x infinity!! Greg was my service man and he would call me every Tuesday & Thursday to give me an update (it only took two weeks). He would give me an estimate for one day and came through to return my car that day!! Besides the personalized service (Greg was very personal..not just a business man!!) the body/mechanic work was amazing too!! The car looks brand new and it's insides is brand new too!! Greg was an amazing doctor to my car..brain doctor and plastic surgeon! If ever in the situation to choose a car doctor..come here!!
1	First appointment, no problem whatsoever.  I asked for a quote to fix my SUV due to an accident I was in and James Dennis (Service Advisor) was very helpful and told me he would have a quote for me within a couple of days.  James asked me if I wanted to leave my vehicle so they could perform the work.  I specifically told James I would be taking the vehicle with me since I hadn't talked to my insurance adjuster yet and that all I wanted was a quote.Two days later, James started calling me, telling me he's already ordered all of the parts for repair and he wanted to know when I was going to come in.I'm not sure about you, but what part of "quote" tells someone to purchase parts for the job?A few days later, I finally caught up with James on the phone and he proceeded to tell me that I was the one who told him to order the parts - during my first appointment for the quote.  This never happened.  He then proceeded to call me a liar which made me upset.  I don't lie, nor do I have a reason to lie about James' accusation.  Why would I tell someone to order parts when I hadn't even talked to my insurance adjuster yet?Needless to say, after a bit of a debate with James on the phone, I WILL NOT USE THIS COMPANY now or in the future!  I will simply use my capitalistic-driven capability to find someone else to do the work who doesn't call me a liar and order parts without approvals or signatures.
5	Outstanding job!!!This is by far the best body shop in Las Vegas. I had two, yes, two cars damaged because of Las Vegas traffic in a matter of weeks. From the minute I walked in the door, I was welcomed by Jan. She was understanding and compassionate. Jim did a great job writing my estimates and working with my insurance company. My repairs were completed in a timely manner and both my vehicles look flawless. The managers Colleen and Russ, were also very knowledgeable and understanding. I am thrilled with the lifetime guarantee, not that I'll need it because the workmanship is outstanding. I highly recommend this shop.
5	No one wants to have to use a collision company.  I was rear ended and my back hatch was smashed in.  Farmers, the insurance for the person who hit me, suggested Caliber.  They are in a great location, easy to get to, nice staff and good rep.The car was done within a week and looks perfect.It was a pain free and pleasant experience.  I hope to never need a collision company again, but if I do, these are the people to use.
