4	My girlfriend and I were out playing pool and looking for a place to eat and when we got in the car we saw that Amanta was finally open. We walked over here and the new floor and water feature really dressed the place up. They played lounge music and it set a very relaxed move. We ordered Thai tea to drink and she ordered the Thai Boat Noodles upon the recommendation of our server. I had a taste and it reminded me of Pho but with more flavor. She enjoyed the dish but its not something she would have reason to come back for. I had to try the Chicken Phad Thai as a baseline test for this place and a spice level of a 6. The portion size was perfect had great flavor the spice was good but I plan on kicking it up a notch next time. We topped off the meal with the Roti with Ice Cream. I am a sucker for ice cream and roti is always good in my book. They drizzled something sweet like honey or sweetened and condensed milk over the toasted roti and a scoop of coconut ice cream. I plan on coming back and trying more and soon as they are having 25% off this month so get here quick. The prices are already good so this is even better.
4	Website:  https://www.facebook.com/AmantaRealThaiFood?ref=streamNo menu (at least not yet) posted on their facebook page.Ate here Thu/23 May about 7 pm.- Had the seafood Pad Thai, think it was about $12 minus the 25% off.  The Pad Thai was ok but the discount for their 1st month's opening is a great gesture.  Most Vegas Asian businesses just put up a "Grand Opening" sign indefinitely with no discounts to entice customers to try them.- Flyer says "Grand Opening Wednesday May 15, 2013...25% off 'til June 16th, 2013" so the place is worth trying.  I'll be back to order what the chef/staff recommends.- The staff was very friendly and attentive.  Grace was my primary server and Ploy was the receptionist/cashier.
5	I think I'm the first Thai who reviews about this restaurant. I've heard about it from my friends(thai society) that they have very authentic Thai food here so I wanted to give it a try because honestly mostly Thai restaurants here in Vegas claim that they are authentic but turn out they are not, in my opinion I think they just make their food for American people which is too sweet or bland. Well, when I saw the name Real Thai Food I thought Its very interesting. I got there around 7pm. It was kinda busy for the new opening restaurant. We were greeted by a young man server. He seated us by the window which I like it. The restaurant was big but cozy maybe because of the lightning. They didn't have a lot of decorations but I think they are working on it. Now I noticed that they played bossanova music. I ordered thai crab cake and papaya salad spicy number 6 for to start with. The crab cake was so good I've never seen anywhere else in Vegas and the salad was okay good spicy but they only have thai style here I like the Laos style more. I had special tofu for my entree, my friend had spicy catfish and we ordered the chef's special dish called  Pae Sah. It's the whole fried fish in the hot pot (or pan I have no idea) dressed with spicy soup with veggies. This one was my climax. Everything was delicious. They don't put odd stuff in the food. I mean they make it like in Thailand. I mean no carrot or American broccoli in every dishes. Thanks god. By the way I'll go back for sure and next time I'm gonna try Doo Dee noodle because my waitress said that was number one dish. Okay! We'll see.
2	I was tempted to pass on writing a review because this restaurant is unlikely to make it. However, the truth must be told, and it really ticks me off that we were fooled once again by reviewers who are either shills/friends/relatives of the restaurant owners or who have no idea what authentic Thai food should taste like or perhaps both.First off the restaurant's name is ironic to the max. It couldn't be farther from the truth. Some examples are in order. Have you ever heard of a Thai mixed green salad that is topped with potato chips (Lays brand by the way)? Huh? I know! Heck, for that matter, I have NEVER seen any kind of salad that was dressed with potato chips. Have you? The potato chips weren't mentioned in the salad's description either. It consisted of way too little greens and some not so fresh looking slices of hard boiled egg and small dry pieces of fried tofu. The best part of the salad was the peanut-based dressing, but it still left A LOT to be desired and was certainly not worth $8.Next dish was the special tofu with ground pork. The fried tofu was okay, but what is with the overly sweet cornstarch gravy and diced carrots and peas? I've never seen such a preparation/concoction at any other Thai restaurant. Another fail.Third dish was the tofu pad-see-ew. Relatively-speaking, this was the best dish we ordered. However, it was way too charred and overly caramelized, and the tofu was tough and dry.Finally, we got the spicy catfish which consisted of 5 smallish pieces of seemingly beer-battered fish for $12. The rest of the dish consisted of filler, i.e. sprigs of peppercorn and bamboo strips. For the price, the portion size was far too meager, and it didn't redeem itself from a quality standpoint either. The deep-fried batter was soggy from sitting in the spicy sauce, and the actual catfish was surprisingly bland.Service was okay, although our dishes were a bit slow to come out. They were fairly attentive at refilling our water glasses. Ambience is low-budget and kind of sad. It's a very wide open space with too few tables/chairs to fill it. I did not see any sort of water feature that was mentioned by another reviewer; not that I really care about such things anyway. I just want the food to taste good and be a reasonable value.The single mitigating factor was their 25% off grand opening promo running until 6/16, but frankly it wasn't worth it even with the discount. Fool us once... shame on you guys. "Real Thai food" What a joke! You heard it here first.
3	I had my doubts about this new Thai restaurant after driving up, seeing it empty inside at about 7pm (Monday) and quickly reading the 4 reviews already posted while I sat in the car.  In spite of my friend August's warning, I decided to boldly go where few thus far have gone before and yelped about it.The restaurant's open dining area is pretty big, for the amount of tables and chairs inside.  If the goal is to make it look roomy, they have definitely succeeded in accomplishing this goal.The menu is fairly simple and standard for a Thai restaurant and per the menu cover, they are working on pictures to go with the menu options.Based on the Sasie L's review I decided to try the Doo Dee Noodle (which according to one of my friends in Bangkok is a beef/pork noodle dish served at a popular franchise in Thailand).  The server immediately asked what spicy level I want, and I told him to just make it normal (whatever that is).  It only took a few minutes for the kitchen to prepare it.  Portion was smallish, and kind of reminded me of noodle soups you order for breakfast from the street vendors in Thailand when I was a toddler.  But the combined heat from chili and peppers was enough to prevent me from finishing everything in the bowl, plus I was drinking a lot of water to cool my mouth down.Next I ordered the Pad See Ew with Beef.  Portion was normal.  Tasted good.  But I could only finished half before asking it to be boxed up, so I could finish the rest at leisure while I am at home checking emails, Yelp, YouTube, etc.Overall, I think it is a decent restaurant that needs a little more effort in the decorating department.  The food is good and comes out of the kitchen very quickly.  However, based on the photos and descriptions by other reviewers you will have to order with care (at least until they have pictures to go with the menu) on some items, as to not be disappointed by the item being served not meeting your expectations or historical experience.Service:  Friendly and attentive. Never have to ask for refill with the water, brought out extra napkins when he noticed I might need more.Food:  A-OK.  Decor:  Felt like it is a temporary popup restaurant or that the work was not complete (no tablecloth), but the lighting was fairly dim that I could not see the decor if they had any.  Not a big deal for me, but just noting it.Location:  Greater Chinatown area (Twain and Decatur).Price:  Average and on par with the competition.Authenticity:  The heat level is pretty authentic.  But I have been away from Thailand for like 332 years and was never an expert on the cuisine to be able so say how authentically Thai or Americanized the food here is.25% Grand Opening Discount until mid June 2013.  The hostess looks great. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=163710623798442&set=pb.160871477415690.-2207520000.1370451541.&type=3&theater
4	This restaurant is new and relatively large, but largely undecorated. There were very few people in the dining room other than employees on this Thursday evening. Our appetizer was a crab cake served in a shell with a unique plum dipping sauce.  We also shared doo dee noodle soup containing slices of bbq pork, ground pork and fish balls that had the consistency of scallops. Our second entree was spicy hot chicken stir fry that included holy basil, bean sprouts and peppers. We ordered medium heat, but the latter was a bit spicy though not overly so. Our bill was reduced by 25% as a grand opening special.
5	You know a thai place is good when...A) The head chef has owned/operated a thai restaurant in Thailand for over 15 yearsB) Spicy has a level from 1 - 10 with a RAMBO option!C) You go to eat there for lunch, you love it so much you come back a few hours later and order take out for dinner!The staff is ultra friendly here, they truly make you feel welcomed.  The food tastes like it was made with LOVE.  We ordered the following:- Chicken Pad Thai- Beef salad- Tom Kha (coconut milk soup)- Chicken Panag- Thai Iced Coffee- Mango w/Coconut sticky riceBefore I describe how good the dishes were here I will start by saying I have been to Thailand and have tasted a variety of dishes there.  When I came to Amanta, I honestly felt like I was back in Thailand.  I honestly cannot say which dish was my favorite because they were all my favorite!  To note, the Chicken Pad Thai was perfectly balanced with its slightly sweet and savory flavors and the Tom Kha soup has this complexity to it that simply warms your soul when you have it.So while you're experienceing this pallete enticing meal, you can wash it down with their mouth cooling, sweet tooth pleasing Thai Iced Coffee.  When you're all done don't ask for the check, order the Mango w/Coconut sticky rice for desert, it will take you straight to heaven!This place has only been open for a few months, but the roots here are very deep.  Service was excellent.  Food was excellent.  Prices were very reasonable.  I can't wait to come back to Vegas just to have this food again!
4	I was heading over to south LV and saw Amanta Real Thai which use to be a Chinese restaurant months ago. Parking was plentiful at lunch and the interior is decorated modern.The waiter took my drink order -Thai ice tea which was huge. For lunch I went with the boat noodles which were delish. I measure how decent a Thai joint is by the boat noodles and Amanta hit a home run. The beef was lean and the broth was similar to my favorite Thai restaurants in Hollywood Cali. The portion wasn't huge so I had room for a scoop of coconut ice cream which had chocolate drizzled, then topped with peanuts. Overall a solid lunch and I'm looking forward to returning for dinner on my next visit to Las Vegas.
2	To the owner... here are some concerns/suggestions/comments:1.  Our waiter's name was Tang.  He didn't know the menu, he said i don't know a lot and just smiled or laughed laughed when he didn't know the answer, he spilled sauce all over the table and said "shit" when he did it. When the machine ran out of  ink/paper to print out our receipt, he said it's fucked up.. just sign it and it will be ok. 2.  The cook was accommodating in changing the oyster sauce our of my vegetable dish so that it can be vegan.  That was nice of him.  But if you have a vegetable dish..hopefully there will be more veggies than cabbage, cauliflower and broccoli.  I would've loved to see some mushrooms, onions, peppers... come on.3.  The bathrooms need to be cleaned.4.  Overall, the food was ok...I've had better vegetable dishes and pad see eew at other Thai restaurants.  But the other couple that i went with loved their food.  They ordered glass noodles with shrimp in a clay pot and hot/spicy chicken dish.    I don't think I would be coming again.  I like Kianree Thai on Sahara and Buffalo.  They have a special vegan/vegetartian menu..gotta love it!
5	I must say, the foods was really good. I order Beef Pad See Ew Spicy 5. It was just perfect. The beef wasn't chewy like some Thai Foods Places. It was nice and easy to eat. My Girlfriend had Yellow Chicken Curry Spicy 3 and Thai Tea. The Curry was perfect too! It wasn't too spicy, and the chicken wasn't dry. The Thai Tea wasn't bad either. Maybe it's because I only took a sip of her drink before we left to watch Fast 6. The Service Was Good, but the place was pretty big and open. I Like their tables. Good Size And No Worries About Your Place Being In Your Way. Nice Elbow Room. [:I Will Go Back Again.
1	It's 6:30pm... Doors closed and there's a sign saying "under new mngmt... Re open soon..." (??) so i guess amanta is bought out again..? Grrrr!!
3	I used to come here when it was a Vietnamese restaurant, so when I drove by and saw that the spot was something else I wanted to give it a try.  The new owners renovated it to a Thai restaurant.  I was pretty impressed from what it used to look inside to what it is now.  I'll have to admit the layout gave it a better feng shui feel to the place.  It looked much more brighter and cleaner inside.  Their dishes and decor was more updated.  I tried a few of their appetizers/desserts were pretty delicious .. The main entrees tasted decent (I mean there is no comparison to home made Thai food right ?! ). The time that I went they were just opening up, so I feel like I couldn't really give them a a fair rating ... I'll give them a few months to work out the kinks of running a new restaurant.
