4	Not as good as it used to be. This is the real outlet store for all Nordstroms ...and don't come expecting The Rack. Instead get yourself ready to fight off other shoppers for that $1800 Zegna tuxedo for $60. There's a lot of crap, but when you win, you win big.
5	Last Chance is my strip-mall desert oasis where the shoe orphans of Nordies await. Except, prices are even more slashed and for some reason the selection is wild & crazy...like a shoe zoo! ROAR!Like an orphan who was did partial time in a foster home,  rehab, juvie, and is now back on the market- these shoes are looking for a happy home. And boy, are they ever stoked to come back to SF with me!  I'll return to SF, with truckloads of hot colored pumps alll less than $20 each! Friends here will look down and gasp! All I have to say is "Crack Rack" and their eyes roll in disbelief...
4	I like going here because if you look hard and often enough you will find a fabulous deal. It is pretty much always swamped though with plenty of crying babies and people in general so bring an Ipod!
4	I have a love hate relationship with Last Chance.  I love finding a bargain, but I hate when I find clothes hanging in my closet with the Last Chance tag still on it.... it's easy to get caught up into the buying frenzy and then realize you just bought a bunch of crap you a) don't need, b) find a giant tear in the back of the sleeve, c) walk 1/2 block in the new shoes and a nail is being driven into your heel and blisters have taken over your big toe.Regardless, finding designer goods for 1/10 of the price is quite exhilarating and I have found the most adorable hand bags, dresses and shoes that I love from Last Chance.  I'd rather less people know about it though b/c it gets crazy busy in this place.For a good laugh, go early in the morning and watch everyone stand outside of the store as if Disneyland was about to open.
5	Going to Last Chance is like fishing. Some days you score big, other days, nothing is biting. I am not an avid shopper but I went this afternoon and picked up 3 ties (one was a Zegna, which they tell me is a big deal), a Hurley hoodie, and two Ted Baker button downs for work. When all was said and done, I paid $64 and change, about half the original retail price of one of the ties. It was an above average day, for me. Not exceptional, but good. I bring visitors here all of the time and they always say, "So, it's like the Rack?" No, my friends; Last Chance is the Rack of the Rack. It's like the back alley, where they toss returns and destroyed clothes just to see if anyone will give them an arbitrarily elected donation amount to take the raggity rags off their hands. What's so great is that, because of Nordstrom's liberal return policy, some really cool stuff turns up in those throw away piles. Expensive purses, suits, and shoes (no one will ever convince me there is reason to buy shoes anywhere besides Last Chance if you live in Phoenix), but always check for rips, stains, and holes. And guard your baskets and carts. Seriously. It's like bread lines in post WWI Germany when they come around to put new clothes on the racks. LC rookies have been known to leave their underpriced treasures unmonitored just long enough to see that they have ninja-vanished from their baskets. Final verdict: it's so totally worth the extra effort. I just checked, and I swear this is true, every piece of clothing (minus the socks and boxers) I am wearing right now is from Last Chance: a dress shirt from Facconnable, chino slacks, and Gordon Rush dress shoes (that are comfy and seem stylish enough), and the whole getup was probably about $40.
2	wow, i feel exactly like Calamari F. down there... I really want to love Last Chance, but I just don't think I'm the elbow -jab-to-the-face-over-a-pair-of-designer-jeans kind of shopper.the finds can be amazing, absolutely, but you have to be the type of person who thinks of shopping as more of a sport and eat or be eaten activity. i thought if i avoided the weekend it would be better, but no way, this place is like a constant zoo and the lines (for dressing rooms and check out) are way too long for me to deal with. i usually end up there when shopping for a special occasion, like when i want to look super hot in a killer designer dress, but don't feel like shelling out the bucks for another stupid wedding.and yes, this is basically where designer clothes go before they end up in the big rack in the sky, so be sure to check for major stains, rips and broken zippers. i've never encountered someone stealing a find out of my basket, but it would not surprise me in the least.
2	This place is really a mess.  Really.  But I think that it's partially done on purpose - nothing gets people going like knowing they have to dig deep for buried treasure.  And while I've never actually seen a cat fight break out over the right jacket or shoes - the urban myths that it's about to happen can make eye contact a daring act.  Here's the thing.  I've never gotten anything that great.  Our best purchase recently was a pair of men's black leather shoes.  Before that I think the best purchase was a Christmas themed divided platter.  I go, I look, but not much makes it up to the counter.  They have almost no plus sized clothes - unless you are a man.  They have some decent purses, but selection of course can vary dramatically.  I found some awesome leather moccasin shoes recently that I totally loved, but I noticed that the bottoms were so well worn, parts of the leather actually had holes in them from rubbing against the ground.  I'm ok with stuff that's been returned - but stuff that's been used to the point their are holes?  And the shoes were still $20.  No extra mark downs for damages?  Yea, you might stumble upon greatness, but you might get a better deal,and find just as big of a label, at a Savers or Goodwill.
3	Last chance is literally Nordstrom's hand me downs last chance. First there is Nordstroms, then Nordstroms Rack, and then Last Chance. With that in mind Last Chance has a very thrifty feel. I would not recommend coming here if you are looking for something specific. I wouldn't even recommend nordstrom rack for that. Another thing to know is it is always busy busy busy. Only go to Last Chance if you are energetic, optimistic, and can handle disappointment if you don't find anything. It's truly hit or miss!
3	Beware of the EBAY MAFIA and their evil friends...If you are going to Last Chance there are a few things you should know:1. They have the best deals in town.2. You have little chance of getting these deals, as bitchy women and evil sleazoids plot to keep these deals away from regular consumers.   There is a group of "team shoppers" who go to Last Chance every day. Their mission is to scoop up every piece of good clothing the minute the store opens. They work in teams to keep "outsiders" out. They even work with unscrupulous staff members to keep regular people away from the best clothing. Many of these people even sell the stuff they score at Last Chance on Ebay.Want proof? Go to Ebay and search for things like Marc Jacobs purses or True Religion Jeans in Phoenix. You will see TONS of items from Lat Chance listed on Ebay. You know it's from Last Chance because of markings in the bags, cut tags on jeans and other things Last Chance does to prevent returns to Nordstrom.So in summary - Last Chance would be great if the Ebay Mafia and their evil friends would stay away.
5	One of my very favorite places on the planet, and one that I would miss from the bottom of my cold black soul if I ever moved away.  I've been going to Last Chance for 12 years now, and it has seen me through college, crappy jobs, graduate school, my first real job, and many pants sizes.  Even now that I can afford to pay retail -- I can't stop going.  Why pay $120 for those velour Juicy cargo pants, when I can pay 29.90?  And at that price, I can get them in three colors!   I haven't paid full price for sneakers in forever.   While there is much sifting through trashed, worn out stuff, enduring the shrill screaming of numerous poorly behaved children, and strategically avoiding the shriveled up batty old Last Chance hawks (who resell everything on eBay)  the $19 black cashmere long sleeve t shirt I got last time was worth every second.
1	i find this store creepy. it seems like the perfect place to witness the absolute worst side of human behavior (after violent riots and genocide, I mean). Any store that has a disclaimer sign out front, sternly warning customers not to run, shove, or steal from each other's carts, gets struck off my regular shopping list. You'd think those rules are just common decency, but apparently not at Last Chance.
3	Well, it's 4 stars sometimes--5 stars when I find a fabulous $250 outfit for $60 or $150 shoes for $12, and like 2 stars when all I can dig up is a tank top that magically becomes a tied-dyed piece the first time I wash it! So the average would be something like 3.148678562567 or something like that [hey, isn't that pi??]Yes, shoppers, we're talking about -- Last Chance. And it truly IS the last chance for some of this pathetic stuff that's left over from Nordstrom's, Norstrom's Rack and for returns that they can no longer legally sell as new. But that means more goodies for those intrepid shoppers willing to wade through the sludge and fur-encrusted sequined hot pants to get to the Really Good Stuff....I've learned to follow the truck up to the back of the Colonnade, then be first to sort through the stuff as soon as it hits! Also, if you go there often you'll have a much better chance of getting the good buys.OTOH--it's a mess there, stuff never gets put back where it should be, be VERY AFRAID of rips, tears and missing parts and keep your personal items well protected. I usually don't even carry a purse, just my stuff crammed in my pockets--there's definitely been an increase in sleazeoids there lately and pickpockets are really good at lifting your stuff when you're too busy sorting through stuff to notice!
3	I totally love places like this. Great stuff for pretty cheap. However, the store itself is very lacking in management. The employees most of the time are very rushed and rude. They do not do any upkeep in the store itself. Most of them will speak in languages you don't understand and laugh as if they are mocking you. Very unhelpful. I once saw a gorgeous purse with no markings or tags on it for a price and the entire handle of it was broken. Also, it was no well known designer at all and was just pretty much like any other purse, yet they decided to tell me they were going to charge me 40 dollars for a purse that had been ripped apart and had no tag.You gotta catch this place on a good day with good employees.
2	Last Chance? Yea, more like Fat Chance. Like fat chance you'll ever find anything worthy of wearing. At least for the men's department anyway. I'll I saw were a sea of men's XL business shirts cluttering up this dank and claustraphobic basement store. And the place was packed. They must have something for the ladies, cuz it was like a bunch of my mom's bridge friends all had lunch at CoCo's and were amped up on sugar and caffeine. Grabbing stuff. Giving the stink eye. Not a pleasurable experience. So Last Chance. I only gave you one chance.
4	How have I not reviewed Last Chance in my entire Yelp career?I have been shopping at Last Chance since I was in high school. Whenever I came home from college it was a must stop, and even now that I only visit about once a year I try and make the pilgrimage.To a newbie Last Chance is a scary place. It's like shopping in an overcrowded, unorganized dungeon that doesn't get cell reception. Yet you would not believe the amazing deals I have discovered here. The key word is discovered. If you are not into looking for the needle in the hay stack then don't even step in the front door. I remember the days of lining up for when they would restock the premium denim and designer handbags. Even though this is something now I can afford without a discount I still enjoy the thrill of the hunt. Now it's down to a science. I start in handbags, move to shoes, circle a rack or two of tops in my size, hit up the jeans, and end in the communal dressing room.Don't go here expecting to find something. Some of my top items have been designer dresses for $50 (yay for holiday dances), Kate Spade purses, designer jeans, Michael Kors raincoat., and tons of cute shoes...and I mean tons.Tips: - If you're a man most things are sized large - arrive early - leave the thongs at home, unless you like showing or your tush in a communal dressing room - pack your patience - it takes time to find your diamond in the rough - Check all item thoroughly for defects
4	The Last Chance is where all of the Nordstrom stores send their damaged, returned or used merchandise. They also get stuff from the RACK stores.  I have been shopping at the Last Chance for over 15 years now...it used to be located on Indian Hill Road but had to move to it's current location as it started to need a larger space.  When I started to go there all those years ago it was almost like a small second hand clothing store. Men's silk ties were $1.97, T-shirts were .97cents, shoes were no more than $14.97...once I bought a two piece, silk, hand made Italian pant suit for $14.97!! The store used to be quiet, only a hand full of people in the store at one time, and if you were looking for something particular the staff would actually go in the back room and hunt it down for you.  Those were the days! Now it is a massive free for all with full on cat fights breaking out in the purse section and women getting thrown out of the store for stealing other shoppers merchandise from their shopping carts.  Before the doors open for business each day, the store Manager stands in front of all the shoppers and lets them know the rules...no running, shoving or pushing...fighting will get you thrown out immediately and you won't get to come back for a year! NO JOKE!I still love shopping at the Last Chance even though it's harder to find a bargain...I just love the thrill of the hunt.  About once a year I will fly into PHX with my best friend and we spend two (sometimes more)  whole days just shopping. We get there early to be at the front of the gate and get a shopping cart. (HUGE score if you get a cart!)  We don't take potty breaks and we don't break for lunch...WE SHOP! Sometimes we shop until it closes, sometimes we realize we aren't as young as we used to be and call it a day by happy hour time. People think we're crazy but it's almost like a tradition...you have to love the thrill of the hunt and digging for bargains.
5	As Kelly would say... OMG, shoes!  WOW I bought 3 pairs.  I could bought more.  but only 4 - that's the daily limit!  HAHAHA That is hilarious... they cut you off like a bar.I found some great shirts too.Therapy shopping is dangerous.  But fun.  And safer here where it's all cheap!
3	Shopping here is somewhat like going to garage sales. You have to get in early if you want to find anything worthwhile.  And even then, it's a crapshoot...If you can bear the crowds, and don't mind rooting around in disorganized bins/shelves/racks -- then go for it.  You may find a terrific deal.  If you get frustrated by shopping for too long, or have claustrophobic tendencies - steer clear!  Some people enjoy the 'sport' of bargain hunting, but it's definitely not for everyone.
4	You can't go into places like these looking for something specific.  It's the nordstrom rack of nordstrom racks.  There are GREAT deals and a ton of crap.Socks/tights for $1.  Tank tops for 2-3.  COLE HAAN SHOES FOR 13. CHARLES DAVID SHOES FOR 15.  Sorry, I had to caps those because that's just ridiculous!!! I think the shoes is probably the best bet with everything. Most seemed to be in pretty good condition and were pretty well organized and easy to sort through... Racks of clothing can be hard and there's lots of stuff with holes, marks, discolorations...Either way, I'm glad I finally stopped by this place.  Been meaning to for the past couple years and I walked away with 2 pairs of shoes, 7 tank tops, a shirt, 5 pairs of socks/tights and underwear for under 60 bucks.
5	Love this place like Ultimat Vodka.1. Go early and dirty-that way you wont mind the grime you get all over from rooting around for shoe bargains.2. If you see something u like, grab it-you can try on later.3. Don't let the hausfraus give you the evil eye-all's fair in this place, as long as you are discreet in your war. My fav is when girl A and I both reach for shoes. I will carry my 1 shoe around and shop while she trails me, her focus totally broken by the one shoe she cannot have.4. I stay away from the clothes for 2 reasons A-I am not cool with parading my fat ass around the communals for everyone to see and B-the clothes usually have some defect, even if not immediately noticeable. Friends have bought shirts that were sewn funny, pants where the pockets were never sewn in, a dress that had a cut so that one strap was 2 inchs longer, etc.5. use the facilities at home before arrival, and don't drink at all while inside. nothing worse than having to go, getting in line w/ faboo finds to find out the checkout line is almost 45 min. long.*Best Buys*- A brand new pair of knee high Docs for $40Pair of satin blue floral Pumas for 5 bucs (with $85 tag in)Lime green chucks for $10Black suede Adidas for my gf-$22.00
1	When I first moved to Phoenix I unknowingly wandered into this place.I love a good bargain, who doesn't, but this place gives new meaning to the term "Dumpster Diver" or perhaps it's where the term originated.  I felt dirty just being in this place. If you've ever seen the cartoon of Tom and Jerry when Tom is fishing and reels in a dirty old rotten boot............................Same concept applies to this store.I wouldn't recommend it.
3	Wear your Kevlar vest if you go fo shoes here!When they call out YOUR shoe size...watch out!  You *will* get run over!  They bring out these huge bins and yell out "Women's, size 7" and people come running out of nowhere!I love Last Chance.  I shop here quite often, actually.  Shoes.  Shoes.  Skirts.  Shoes.  I will spend a couple hours here, hunting for the bargains!I would give it more stars if they had more people working here.  I mean, they KNOW the place is gonna be mobbed!
4	This store is awesome! You can't get better bargains than this. I went straight to the shoes section and found Uggs for pretty cheap. Didn't bother lookinig at clothes, too much hassle. Got 2 pairs of Juicy Couture flats for great price. ALWAYS CHECK FOR TEARS AND HOLES!!Make sure you get there at least 30 mins before it opens so you can get a raffle ticket for the "designer bags room". Only about 15 names gets drawn and you have 5 mins to look in the room, 5 ppl each time. It's pretty crazy! But, I was able to get a Burberry tote bag for $80. It's well worth the trip!
4	I have had much Last Chance experience over the last couple of years. I hate it, but I am addicted nonetheless. I'll admit, it's always a terrible experience, but leaving with that Betsey Johnson leather handbag that retails for over $400, that you purchased for $80, is pretty damn exciting. Same goes for designer jeans, Sevens for $30, Joe's for $20, True Religions for $60, Rock and Republic for $30....I think you get the point. Shoes, too. There are tons of shoes. I once found an immaculate pair of Jimmy Choo's for $100. Seriously?? Seriously. I'm not so up-to-date with the Men's section, although I do know it is harder to find good stuff. Shoes are a biggie. The best advice I can give to a Last Chance newbie: arrive EARLY. The open at 9?? I believe, perhaps 9:30, Monday thru Friday. Arrive an hour early or so and find yourself a spot at the front of the gate. Before opening, the place fills up with so many people that if you aren't up front there isn't much hope of getting anything. Also, set yourself on heading straight to one department. Do not go in thinking you're going to find a pair of jeans, amazing pair of shoes, and that cocktail dress you've been wanting, cause it's not going to happen. If you are looking for shoes, get yourself into that shoe department first and look fast. Once you are done with the shoes, mosey on over to the jeans...and then the dresses. Just know that you can't do it all at once so it's good to focus on one department at a time. You also need to expect to be here a while..it takes time finding all those bargains. Make sure to inspect all of your merchandise before purchasing it. Like, really inspect it, make sure it's perfect (or repairable), they have a NO return/exchange policy...so you better like what you're buying. My last note: they put merchandise out all throughout the day. Maybe you missed those jeans in the morning cause you were caught up in the shoes...don't worry, they have designated times (they won't tell you, though) where those jeans will come again..take the day off and just hang out.
5	You have to be a certain kind of shopper to love Last Chance.But luckily for me and my budget , I can scour and scrounge with the best of them, Last Chance is that kind of place that is a joy for those looking for a bargain but want quality.This is Nordstrom's returns you know.  You might find all sweaters half off or tank tops for .97 cents. I bought Nike Airs last week for 12.99  and they feel terrific. I buy a lot of shoes, t-shirts , sweaters and some accessories there. The purses and dresses are over pirced and too damaged I find.  I have bought unusual high count sheets with nothing wrong for 2.97 and I have bought  brand new water/outdoors shoes for 20.00 , it just depends on the day.
5	The thing I miss the most about living in Phoenix is being able to make plans and go get a new outfit for $20. I now make special trips to Phoenix from Tucson just to shop, just kidding friends I love you guys too! My boyfriend even likes last chance, he says he loves watching ravenous women practically kill each other for a pair of shoe's or better yet designer jeans. I stop in a lux for a black and white and cruise over to shop till I drop. Given I am in the right mood I can spend a good three hours at last chance in search of the stainless, hole-less, perfect colored piece of clothing. The last time I was there they had changed the fitting room scenario. I likey! If you are on a budget or not and want to find great deals on good clothes stop in for a full contact shopping experience. The other thing I love is that if you don't find much you can always go next door to Marshall's my other favorite!
5	OK - so it can be crowded, disorganized and hectic, plus a lot of guys may think this is only a place for women. However, with $350 Allen Edmonds dress shoes for $49.99, $80 dress shirts for $9.99 and $100 pants for around $20, it's well worth making a stop at Last Chance. It's one of the best ways for professional men to dress well on a budget.
4	you really have to be in the mood to go shopping if you are going to this store, it's REALLY crowded, and my i express REALLY! i got a juicy couture purse for 79.00 originally 195.00... and thats real! i saw coach shoes and ugg boots, but didnt really need any at the time of shopping because it's summer, and im in flipflop mode! l0l. but really good bargains! a friend of mine got her coach purse there for 80 bucks! there are days, at nights where you sign your name on a sheet and wait by a door to get into a back, and you get to go look and get the stuff first hand before it gets out onto the floor, therefore they are clean and untouched! they do it randomly, so there is no specific time or day, so you wont always go there for it just because it wouldnt be fair right? l0l. but make sure to check for rips, tears, and holes, and make sure they are okay clean and in good condition, because some stuff may just be dirty cuz stepped on and ripped etc.. because once you buy its yours for good! no exchanges or refunds!
2	My friend Mario loves this place he goes and buys a lot of stuff all the time. Some times I think my friend Mario is nuts. ;-{)I really dislike this store. I guess the location is to make one feel like they are going to a discount basement. You know like Filene's in Boston. I just feel  like I am going down to a toilet. It is too crowded with crap I would never spend even the least amount of money on. The men's area is to me a joke. Too many folks I would not want to rub up against in too small of an isle. I do not know buy I always get the feeling furtive looks are being shared between the customers. Just too creepy for me. I hate mess and this place is messy. I will take a nice clean well thought out store any day, with good merchandise that is. Damn the prices..I suppose this place serves a purpose, but not for me.
5	For some reason, the Mortal Kombat theme song starts playing in my head every time I step into Last Chance. This is a battleground, for sure, and if you are dedicated (it takes time to sift through the racks), sharp-eyed (goods can be damaged or pre-owned), and willing to undress in front of others (the dressing room is set up like a high school locker room), you will walk away with all the spoils of war. Shoes, suits, ballgowns, purses...I have walked away with seriously cheap and fabulous finds.
5	I Love Last Chance becuse is one of the best store to go shooping.  Don't take kinds not a good place. I been a customer for more than 10 years I just love the store. Great prices i got one pair of Coach Shoes and a Coach Bag for less than 100.00 Dollars!!!!! Brand new I checked prices on line and I was 480.00 Value for shoes +hand bag.  I also love to buy things for my dauther expensive shoes retail prices are $65 I get them for only $12.99!!!!!!! I also get bras for $7.99 where at the store you can get them for $35-65 dollars.  Best store best place to shop. I just don't like one thing that some people who go to last chance buy things and re sell them on ebay.  Last chacce has a sign that things that you buy at last chance is only for personal used not to re-sell them.  and people don't listen you see those people every day. infront of the gate before they open......
1	This place was a nightmare for me. I understand that there are people that love love love to do weird shit like hit the stores at 5am the day after Thanksgiving to do their x-mas shopping, punch other people in the face and threaten their lives for that "last fucking furby", and shop at Last Chance.... I'm just not one of them. I'm not saying I'm better than you....... oh, who am I kidding, yes I am.
5	I've shopped at Last Chance for the last 14 years and all the good things in my wardrobe come from there. The store is at basement level and my heart always starts racing as I walk down the steps to the store while I see people walking up the stairs with big bags full of stuff.  I've had scores of great finds there-black cashmere pants in perfect condition for $5, an expensive wool coat for $25, $150 designer scarf for $5, a sheet marked $195 on the Nordstrom tag, but only $5 there.  If you like to shop, then you MUST visit Last Chance.  I have friends who hate it, but for me it is the ultimate place to shop because you can buy ANYTHING YOU WANT because the prices are so great. My friends in NYC are envious.On the downside, I have had my cart "stolen" a couple times and I've learned to keep an eagle eye on it.  There are some private dressing rooms but the open dressing area often has little or no wait  (and hey, who really cares if others see your flab or physical defects.)Just get yourself over to that store!As an update, popped into the store August 2012 to find the sweaters, scarves and hats all at 75% off Last Chance already cheap prices. Came out with a boatload of nice stuff. Sometimes its like heaven there...
4	I can't give this place 5 stars, since like most everyone else says, it's a nightmare.But I have suffered through the experience to come up with some great, (amazing, really) finds.Beware the purses though - TONS of them were fakes!!!  And make sure to THOROUGHLY inspect anything you are buying - for stains, holes, rips, etcGood luck!.
4	Yay I am a fan...ok for the ladies...this is a tough bit, I have shopped here with girls who literally will hide good finds in other places of the store so they can come back and get them later, most of the time they are gone. Funny huh, this place literally looks worse then some of the barrio shops in rocky point, it seems like it is the day after thanksgiving every day there, and people literally throw stuff anywhere.For the guys this place is a pretty good place to go, the deals on shoes are unreal, nikes that are $100.00 bucks for like $20.00, you can't get that anywhere. You can also get top notch clothing and make you look like a true Scottsdale deuschbag for less then 100 bucks Rolex or Tag Heur watches will not be found here, sorry deuschbaggery only goes so far at last chance. In any event this is probably one of the best bargain basement places in the valley to get top notch stuff.  Two things you need to know about this place.1. They restock every Sunday, so Sunday mornings here really are like every black Friday after thanksgiving, you might get trampled to death like that guy at Walmart or shot like those two dudes at Toy's R Us..and it could be your last chance:)2. Check all your shit seriously, allot of this stuff is here because it is damaged, so be careful they have no return policy that is why it is LAST CHANCE!
3	I have no problem paying good money for quality things: vodka martinis made with Belvedere, lavish meals with multiple courses, and top-notch electronics, just to name a few. The problem is that I like so many things (good food and drinks, stylish home accessories, traveling to exotic destinations, trendy phones, getting my nails done, cute clothes and shoes, etc., etc., etc.) that I often end up skimping on quality in order to get a lot more of what I want. This is definitely true of my approach to shopping for clothes. Of course, if I had unlimited money, I'd splurge on high-end accessories and tailored outfits, but I usually prefer to shop at Target, Express, or Ann Taylor Loft so I have money left over for all the other things I crave!Because I usually don't shop for designer items at regular stores, I found Last Chance to be both absolutely repulsive and totally intriguing--repulsive because I can't imagine going through that hell to get a designer purse that is probably ripped and/or fake, intriguing because it was my opportunity to get things I've dreamed about having but always dismissed because I'd chosen to make the trade-off between having really high-end shoes and taking a weekend trip. For example, I found two super-cute workout tank tops that were Nike and Puma brand. Normally, those cost around $30, which I'd never go for. I just wear my ribbed tank tops instead. However, for $4 a pop, you don't have to ask me twice! I also found a really nice nude-colored slip (to go under my sweater dresses) that I've seen elsewhere for $40. At Last Chance, it was only $6. Apparently, Last Chance also offers guys the opportunity to get some trendy and good-looking items without sacrificing other things they care about. According to my husband, who searched extensively in the men's department, the professional clothes weren't great. However, some of the logo/branded t-shirts were ok, and the real steal was the shoes! He got four pairs of Diesel, Puma, and other name-brand sneakers for only about $80 total. Can't beat that anywhere else!I definitely think that I will return to Last Chance and suffer through the chaotic mess in order to get a few awesome items that I wouldn't ordinarily buy. However, I think it will be a while before I get up the energy to do so again! As a side note--Last Chance does accept Nordstrom's gift cards, so if you have one  you may want to check it out. If you're like me, you might be excited at the possibility of getting 10 new things instead of the one you'd get shopping at Nordstrom's. Just be prepared to work for your reward!
3	This place is a madhouse when it comes to clothing! There are racks and racks. Everything is always a mess, so be prepared to dig, and get shoved around, but you will come out with a bargain.Personally, I don't buy clothing here, as I don't like the experience, however, it's the best place in town for buying shoes! They have a ton of every size, and again, you will have to dig, but it is worth it. They also have cheap housewares and luggage.
3	So...I have been waiting 5 years to come here. For real. A friend of mine was a local Last Chancer when she lived in phoenix and would show me all her amazing designer finds (for pennies on the dollar). So I have been trying to plan a phoenix/scottsdale trip centered purely around Last Chance. Finally I made it!!And...I won't be making any more Last Chance trips. This store is basically like a bad version of Nordstrom's Rack (not a problem for me, I'm used to thrift stores and some gritty places) but the clincher was that the prices weren't that cheap. I think they used to be cheap back when my friend went but now designer purses range $79-$400. (And most are damaged) Jeans (outdated ones)? $30. Designer shoes? $70. I've gotten better prices than that at Nordstrom's rack and better selection. I walked away with a few things, nothing I couldn't have lived without. Also I should mention I went two days in a row, since everyone says they put new stuff out. The first day I went towards closing and found one pair of boots. The second day I got there before it opened and got to experience the "locals" first hand. This place is weird. But I'm always up for doing weird things for clothes +deals. No one was rude, like I read but it was obvious who the everyday shoppers were. Trading "war stories", sharing their daily finds etc. There were also people basically stalking the employees when they put new things out. All in all it was less intimidating and crazy than I expected, but that is propably because the merchandise/prices really aren't that great.
5	Don't be afraid time to jump and try it! The racks are full , the lines are small. Boy did I do well today at Last Chance , shoes in  sizes 9 and up  1/2 off ! Woohoo!   Bras  2.00  !! Yahoo!!  Blazers 35% off  Dresses 35% off !!
5	The mad house that started it all!! I was researching Last Chance in 2007 when I came upon a lil website called Yelp.com... awww... *tear!*I have gone to Last Chance several times and I love it more and more each time I go... Cuz you see... I'm the type of person who loves to fight for things at a store... I'm the one who will shove you "accidentily" while reaching for that last clearence sweater on Black Friday in the middle of a jam packed wal-mart at 5am while still full of turkey and gravy. But sometimes I miss the excitment of hunting and gathering goods for a low low price... and Last Chance fulfills my hunting needs.Cuz you see, i know how to shoot and gun and all - but hunting game just doesn't do it for me. There's nothing like diving for the last pair of shoes and seeing a member of the e-bay mafia dive for it too... but then I block by saying, something like "OH! that Coach bag is only eighty DOLLARS?!?!" and then I snatch the shoes of my dreams as the mafia member falls for my diversion... muhahaaahaahahaha!!And I also like trying on clothes over my regular clothes because if it can fit over my other blouse then it'll surely fit... seems like good logic to me... and I also like hissing at my fellow huntresses when they attempt to reach for something that's mine!! and nothing compares to the small small price I have to pay for some great clothes that I rarely wear... becuase well... it's what they always say... the hunt is better than the catch. Oh well... I still love Last Chance it's my Black Friday any day of the week. But be advised my fellow yelpers, BE PREPARED! I suggest wearing some should pads and steel toe shoes while shopping at this place!! trust me, you'll thank me later!
5	Just remember thisHIT OR MISSThis place can be really really great and full of awesome bargainsOr you can go on a bad week where you find nothing but stained/ripped crapHowever, I've found some of the most awesome world-shaking bargains at this place.$20 G Star jeans$40 True Religion capris$38 Coach shoes$30 Kate Spade purseThe lines can be long for the cashier, but they move pretty quick.The dressing room is mostly community style, so wear undies.The bargain hunter in me LOVES this place.The claustrophobe part of me hates this place.Luckily the bargain hunter part of me is stronger :)
5	I've traveled from San Diego to come here (well, not just for the store).A couple of hours of your life can be wasted here but it's all in good reason.Found a Kenneth Cole Jacket here for $30 bucks. I have the same one in a different color that I bought at Macy's for $75.Also found another Kenneth Cole Jacket that was wool, $35.Found unused Ferragamo shoes $80.The list goes on...See for yourself.
2	This location is a glorified garage sale. It smells and nobody speaks English. Children are running free pulling clothes off racks and smashing into people. If you are lucky, you can find shoes, but I have never found jack shit for clothes.Go upstairs to Marshall's and spare yourself.
5	Great place IF you are prepared.My strategy:1) Go only when not rushed 2) Never have a particular goal in mind (i.e., a short -sleeved empire-waste blouse) - that's a recipe for dissappointment3) Try on brands at Nordstrom whenever possible - it make shopping at Last Chance a lot easier - hey! the Garfield and Marks pants in my size!  cool!4) Visit frequently and don't feel obligated to search the entire store at each visit.  Usually I do shoes and clothes in separate visits. (remember, I live close)5) Take the whole thing in stride - think of it as a cultural experience.And yes, like many others, I could list a gazillion fabulous, unbelievable deals I've gotten there.  My collection of Pliner shoes and boots, and a couple leather coats (retail $700, Last Chance for $30) being my favorites.  It's a great place to take visiting friends/relatives if they are bargain hunters.
4	You either hate it or you love it.  I always tell my friends - you have to like to find that diamond in the rough.  When you do, it's worth it.  My Juicy purse was $49.97 and originally over $200.  I've gotten Kate Spade purse with a broken zipper for $29.97 and paid $7 to fix it.  Worth it to me.  You have to be in the mood to shop and be patient.   We make it an Annual Girls Weekend trip now.  Just be prepared - there isn't alot of organization and some things look like someone has walked across country in it.
1	I honestly thought clothes from Last Chance were clothes that came from Nordstroms not clothes that couldn't be sold at your local Salvation Army. This place was BOGUS with a capital B. I felt like I needed a shower after visiting Last Chance and I was only in the store for about 120 seconds. Yes, seconds. First off hordes of people gather to wait for the store to open everyday. Then you have to hear this obnoxious speech about their deals of the day and if you let your kids run free you will be asked to leave. Shoes are a whooping 35% off, which is a deal if the shoes are not already run into the ground! During the speech they go over the return policy which is very strict, they do NOT accept returns. So it sucks for you if you get home and notice the pants you just bought have stains all over the inner seams, or if the shoes you just purchased have no insoles. WTF. I just don't understand why if you are looking for a deal you would visit this "flee market" and not just the Marshalls which is upstairs. Why anyone would want flee infested, ripped, destroyed or dirty clothes is upon me. What I do suggest if you don't believe me is to have purell ready to go when you exit "Last Chance."
4	After you get over the initial shock of the clutter and crowds, you will easily get into the swing of shopping here.  Last visit, my daughter and I purchased:  A brand-new $600 Tory Burch purse for $99, Gucci pumps and Dolce and Gabbana pumps for $65 and $99 each - retail is $595 and $645.  Numerous trendy boots for my daughter - $39.  L.A.M.B. by Gwen Stefani coat (buttons missing) for $79.  See by Chloe dress for $49.  And I've purchased lots of Tory Burch dresses and shoes at this place for $99 and $69.  If you're like me - love designers clothes and shoes but could never pay retail - then you will LOVE this place.  The only bad thing about it is, there's a cartel that shops here....numerous men and women that run eBay businesses and buy the clothes, shoes and purses to re-sell.  If a store employee comes out of the back room with new merchandise - you WILL get run over by the cartel.  And they are not nice people.  Only socialize amongst eachother as they trade items with eachother.
4	Definitely not for the faint of heart.  When you go make sure you have your knee and elbow pads on, keep your purse locked safely away in the car, wear your undies, and make sure your are in good shape.  You will be up against some crazy b**ches who will try and grab everything good in sight.  There are lots of crap items, but hang in there, and you will find an awesome pair of 7 jeans for $30, LAMB purses for $50 and millions of fantastic shoes.  If you are modest, you will be waiting in line for 20 minutes for a dressing room, but if you don't mind showing off your body and seeing the sagging boobs of grandmas, opt for the community room and save yourself a hell of a lot of time.  Also, plant someone in the check out line the moment you walk in - it always takes forever to checkout.  If you can tough it out and make it through your first visit, you will love this place and will be a lifetime shopper.
1	The yelpers that found stuff here must have really dug deep because I did not find a single thing.  Prices are cheap, but a lot of the clothes looks worn or is defective or has stains, holes, or rips.  I would only come here for shoes.  Most of the bags have something wrong with them -- stain, broken zipper, missing pieces.  One of the designer bags, the name is escaping me right now, actually had "fake" written inside it in black marker next to the price.  At least they weren't trying to pass it off as real.Nordstrom Rack is WAY better and cleaner.
4	one word / SHOESIt's basically a woman's place. take two hours and carouse through the show aisles of shoesfavorite store to find shoes that I have paid 168.00 for at a ridicouls price of just 30.00  forget the SHOE MILL in TEMPE
5	First off, I'm glad my mom dragged me around bargain shopping with her when I was little. Start em off young, they say. I love bargain shopping now, and Last Chance? No sweat. This is what I do when I need to de-stress.I haven't had the chance to really fight for a deal yet. Meanwhile, I'll watch the worst in women come out in this survival-of-the-fittest environment. I have war stories to tell for each time I've gone in. Friendships broken. Alliances and enemies made. Children abandoned.I have found some pretty amazing deals here, this is the bargain store I can go where all the clothes/shoes on the medium/7/8 racks aren't taken. I always leave having bought at least 1 thing. Designer brands for pretty much nothing, compared to their original price. Just beware of damage- that's why most of the stuff at LC's there in the first place.Word of warning for bikini shoppers (or two-piece anything)- you'll go through hell and back more than once to find the right size and match. I have bikinis without their other half because I couldn't pass up the chance and hope to god I'll find the other half someday- even something that remotely matches or from another store. I walk around with them in my purse just in case I come across something that looks like it matches so I can try it on together. I have a BCBG bikini bottom that I bought one year, and finally found the matching top the next year.Just to reiterate what everyone else has been saying: If you don't like to get down and dirty to find a deal, steer clear, because you'll get eaten alive in here. Stick to the Marshall's just outside.
3	This place is decent if you have the patience and stamina to dig through and look through everything.  You definitely need to be in a shopping mood.Yes, you'll find some great deals, but I think a lot of the items are returns from the stores such as Nordstrom.  If you look at the bottoms of the shoes, they definitely looked like they've been worn before.  However, they're still in great condition and for most people, worth the bargain price.  My girlfriends bought a ton of designer shoes at extremely low prices (ie Jimmy Choos for $100).As for clothing, you can find some pretty cheap stuff, but again, I think most, not all, are items that have been returned or have defects (ie holes, missing belt).  So look at the clothes carefully before purchasing.  There are no returns.This is definitely not a place for all, but for die hard bargain hunters this might be worth checking out.
1	OK, watch out.  I bought 3 pairs of shoes here on June 5, along with three cheap tops.  It was really noisy and I just signed the credit slip. When I got home, they had charged me $95!!! for a pair of sneakers that was marked $18.99.  Im going in tomorrow to see if they will staigghten it out, but they are very hard core and I think I am out about $60.00 Read the slip!!
5	Here's my update:  Another yelper told me Last Chance has video surveillance and would check to see if you were overcharged. That is exactly what they did:  they apoligized, returned money to my bank account and acted like Nordstrom employees!!
1	I've been stopping by Last Chance everytime I'm in the Biltmore area since I moved to Phoenix in 1998.  I just stopped by again today...what a big fat waste of time!!!  I'm not sure what draws me back to this place, is it the "bargain basement" feel, the racks of used shoes, the frenzy of women hunting around for that amazing treasure?  I have no idea, but this place sucks!!!!!!!  I"ve probably found no more than a half a dozen "deals" in the eleven years I've been frequenting this glorified Good Will.  I completely scoured the racks today and found NOTHING that I would have taken home for free.  The clothes are gargage sale quality and the shoes and purses are pathetic.  How about a nicely scuffed up pair of Michael Kors (ugly) pumps for $49.99?  COME ON!!!!!You're better off upstairs at Marshalls where the stuff doesn't look like it's been through the washing machine.  I think this is finally my LAST stop at LAST Chance, and I'm relieved :)))
5	This is clearly a love it or hate it place.  You have to be willing to dig, like another Yelper said, this is not for the faint at heart and if you're smart, you'll come at off hours.  With that said, I love you Last Chance.
5	Okay, seriously. I'm obsessed. I don't even care about designer brands that much...and I'm obsessed. When I can buy a lingerie top by Vera Wang for less than I can buy one by Xhiliration...yeah, I'm there. In fact, I am so there that....(I can't believe I'm about to reveal this)...I have created a spreadsheet. A spreadsheet to keep track of my deals. Yes. I am for real. And, according to my calculations, I have saved over $2000 in shopping at Last Chance over the last 6 months. I don't find something every time I go, but I also go (gulp) every day, with the exception of weekends. I work and live nearby, so it's easy for me to take 45 minutes out of my day and poke around over there. I mostly buy tops, shoes, jewelery, and cosmetics. Last Chance has a vast, ever-replenishing supply of cute tops. Some are designer, some are just Nordstrom filler brands...about 45% of them are something you might want to buy. The others, you will discard due to condition and personal taste. Tops range from $2.97 - $9.97, and there are often 25% - 50% off "deal days". Shoes are also marked way, way down - my current "personal best" shoe bargain is a pair of Kate Spade wedges for $14.99. This takes some digging, but it is almost always worth squeezing through the aisles and taking a look. Keep an eye out for the sales they have on certain color tags - they often mark a random tag color down 50% for a few days out of the week. Jewelry and hair accessories are usually not designer, but you can occasionally find something with a recognizable name on it - a few months ago, I found a Marc Jacobs necklace for $9.97. Designer or not, you can find cute stuff for next to nothing, just to fill up your jewelry box. They also have a good, rotating selection of headbands and hair clips, if that's your thing. Be sure to check out the motley displays by the register to increase your chances of finding that special designer necklace or ring on huge clearance. It is a little known fact that Last Chance occasionally has jaw-dropping deals on high-end, UNUSED cosmetics. Most of the time when you go in there looking for cosmetics, you'll find a half-empty bottle of crusty tinted moisturizer laying on its side, leaking onto the counter a little bit. Said bottle will be priced at something ridiculous, like $14.97, and you will be disgusted. HOWEVER, every now and again, every once in the bluest of moons, you will walk in the door and find a basket of brand new Stila lip pots. Or maybe Smashbox blushes. Or even Duwop eye palettes... for $.97. Ninety-seven cents. Truly. As far as the claims of shopping violence, aggressiveness, and cattiness...I have experienced none of these things. I have also witnessed none of these things, and, like I revealed earlier in this somewhat humbling review, I go every day. Honestly, I don't even feel that the shopping environment is any more competitive than in any other discount retail store. No one has ever snatched anything out of my hands, or tried to get me to move. People are a little pushy, but that happens everywhere - just lock your knees, and stand your ground! I never feel stressed out or overwhelmed shopping there, but, then again, I am an old hand at it these days. I took my boyfriend recently, (it was his first time), and he was completely overwhelmed moments after we entered the store. It gets crowded, there are running and screaming kids, and things end up on the floor - welcome to Ross. If you can handle discount shopping elsewhere, you can handle it here. Don't believe the hype, don't fear the horror stories, and soon you, too, will have your own embarrassing bargain tracker spreadsheet.
3	Bad News on the Last Chance Front, Kids... It has sucked the last two time I have been there. Let me tell you about the old days...long ago when a young woman , strike that, a lady went to Last Chance , she could walk away with a large bag or two chocked full of treasures and bargains...great shoes dirt cheap , shiny purses with a little shop wear, earrings for 1.97  , necklaces ,maybe, even a high count sheet  or towel ,  beautiful sweaters for 9.97 ... jeans  galore and always tons of tshirts.. but I miss those days. Now the goods are looking more trashed and the prices are on the rise..beat up shoes are 29.00 , trashed wallets 15.00 , t-shirts are still okay and managed to find 1 faux daughter some jeans  , but thats about it . The glory days of Last Chance may be over.
2	This store is insane. Not sure if that's a good or bad thing. My boyfriend and I arrived about 15 minutes before the store opened and I figured we would have to kill some time, but there was a whole mob of people waiting to get in. Seriously, like 100+ people. So we just joined the mob and waited. Then a lady comes out and announces the specials and warns that aggressive shopping will not be tolerated. Wtf?! I'm starting to get anxious - partly because I'm wondering what type of aggressive shopper shops here and also because that must be a sign of good bargains!Well the gate opens and the crowd surges in. Some people actually made a run for it, much to my horror. I hit up the dresses first because they're an additional 40% off today. I pick up 4-5 cute ones by Trina Turk, Calvin Klein and BCBG. I gave them a quick once over because I noticed that a LOT of the clothes here are damaged - from minor snags to a HUGE gash in the butt of a pair of jeans. The jeans here are also all previously worn. Yuck.Next was the shoe section. I love Nordstrom Rack's shoes so I was really excited. Especially when I saw hot pink Manolo Blahnik's for $99. I picked them up, turned them over and they were majorly worn. Like seriously? They must have been worn 100 times and weren't even re-soled. I found more Manolos, Jimmy Choos, Pradas - but they were all worn or broken. Major disappointment. After waiting about 20 minutes to get a dressing room, I was further disappointed to find that half the dresses I picked up had rips and snags that I didn't notice until I tried them on.In the end, the bf found some shirts for like $10 each and I got pair of Sigerson Morrison flats for $29. Was it worth it? Not for me. Now I see why Nordstrom's doesn't put their name on this store. It's a HUGE step down from Nordstrom Rack, it's more like a garage sale.
1	I truly do not know why I go to Last Chance!  The last few times I have gone I have told myself I will never go back but I seem to forget what I told myself and I find myself driving to last chance.  The parking is always terrible and once you are inside you are pushed, shoved, knocked out of the way so someone can get their hands on a beat up pair of Betsey Johnson shoes, it is truly insane in this store.  I don't mind a little hunt for a great pair of pants, but most of the clothes are used and torn or missing a button or two and maybe the zipper doesn't work.  I have found better bargains at TJ Maxx, or Marshalls.  Don't waste your time.
1	This place is absolutely disgusting.  Packed with people who look like they've been on a crack binge for the past month.  Screaming babies are everywhere.  Absolute hell.  Avoid especially if you've had a drink in the past week, it will definitely give you a hangover.
3	This is really a 3.5 star review. My first visit I would have given 4 or 5 stars. I scored a pair of Stuart Weitzman tall, black leather boots for $65.00!!! You have no idea how hard it was for me to not wear these boots for over 2 months. August is no time for boots in Phoenix. Or September and barely now in October. I was also pleased with a sweet little mustard leather jacket for $59.00. It's THE softest leather..maybe something other than an old cow? My next trip was just so-so. I got a few pieces of jewelry for super cheap, but nothing that I'm getting compliments on. haha. I got a cute little cobalt blue dress for $12.99, but other than that, the shoes over picked over, the purses looked trashed, and the lines were extra long. I recommend when you literally have nothing better to do with your day or you have time to kill in the Biltmore area. I've lived in Phoenix for 7 months and still have not made it out to Scottsdale Fashion Square...I know this puts me at loser status, but hey, I've been busy. Apparently shopping at all the 'wrong' places.
3	Worth the trip but be willing to deal with some craziness. There was a mob waiting outside before the doors even opened.1 pair of dressy sandals2 pairs of ankle boots1 pair of pumps2 dresses3 pairs of name brand nylons=$215So I got a deal. Was is the best deal ever? Probably not, but it was definitely worth the trip. Pros: Unlike other thrift/bargain stores everything is stored by size and type of item. Cons: The psycho shopper club that meets 30 mins prior to store opening!
3	****Warning***** Be prepared to throw down with the other crazy customers for the best deals. LOL It can get a little nutty up in here. Rule number one - NO Running! And they mean it. I can't count how many times I watched people run from the gates on Saturday morning to get the best s***. It's pretty comical, well until you see the woman with the infant running though the store, honey please, not worth it. I have found some amazing shoes, jeans and bags/belts here. The price is right for sure. The only down side is that Nordstrom and Nordstrom Rack pretty much take anything back, so a lot of the stuff is used, worn and dirty. Be prepared to shift through a bunch of crap, but it can be worth it for that one great find every now and then. Must go on Saturdays! Show up a few minutes early to make sure to catch the show. The show being the crazy women waiting outside like a pack of wolves til the gate opens and then it's full sprint every man for themselves. Haha It's great!
3	This place can be very awesome or horrible and scary. It all depends on the day and the shipment they have received. Last time I was at Last Chance I scored a gorgeous Coach purse in great condition for $70. I had seen the same exact purse at Macy's for $350. Other times I go, there is nothing at all worth buying. Trying clothes on in the dressing room feels alot like it would in prison. The employees peak in on you so I would recommend just trying things on over your clothes. Many times I have seen people trying clothes on in the middle of the store. The deals are really found in the handbags and shoes. This is  not a place for kids, definite stranger danger. Also, you cannot return anything and a lot of the merchandise are returns from Nordstroms so buyer beware. At first glance this place may seem sketchy, but if you have the time and patience check this place out for great deals (and bring your hand sanitizer).
3	Hit or miss kind of store. One day, I walked out of here with three pairs of designer jeans. The next, nothing. You have to have a keen eye and go during the mid afternoon or when they first open if you want something really good. Finder's keepers!
4	I HATE TO SHOP. But...I really needed to get some business casual shoes and I really didn't want to spend a lot of money on shoes so i thought about nordstom's rack and then I remember a patient telling me about last chance. I had no idea that it was the rack's rack. I was able to find two pairs of shoes for 30.00 each. Nice. And I read some people's reviews where they described it filthy, gross, nasty people etc....I didn't have this experience. It felt just being in norstrom's rack in scottsdale. i will definately go back and next time it will be with my mother or husband both of which are major shoppers.
4	Last Chance is a good, not great place to find bargains.  You can find a nice men's shirt for around $10.00.  However, many of the items are returns and do have defects.  I have had many incidents in which I purchase and item, bring it home and discover stains or rips.  The lighting does not allow for a perfect review of the item.If you arrive on a weekend prior to opening, be prepared for a speech by the store manager on store policies and behavior within the store.  You may notice some people who basically live at the store waiting for the next items to be put out to the public.  Same people, different day!It is a great place to pick up a $100.00 Armani suit or a $10.00 pair of designer Italian sunglasses.
1	If you enjoy being crunched in a tiny space with middle aged wannabe rich women while screaming immigrant babies run rampant through the store this place is for you.
2	I came here due to the hype and the good reviews.  I have been wanting to come here for 3 years!! I finally came.. and found nothing..  However, my friend told me that I would not find anything since I got there at 4pm.  The key is to come here at 9 am.  At 9 am, all the great designer brand treasures are here.  The prices are great .. cheap cheap cheap; however, by the time I went all the stuff looked severely damaged and used.  It appeared as if people bought it... abused it.. and then returned it.  I saw some good stuff like l.a.m.b., marc jacob purses .. and juicy couture outfits.. but again they were all damaged.  The men's section is really really small.. so don't really expect that much.A note to all..  go when it opened.. or don't go at all.  I am planning on checking out this place again just to give it another try
5	I love Last Chance! My close friends know when they can't reach me on my days off it's probably because I am traipsing around in "the basement" or "the chance" as some of them refer to it. Its not clean, organized or easy to get around in, but I have an undying love for it!I started coming here when I was an undergrad at ASU and ten years later I am still a fan. I think it is the possibility of finding a needle in a haystack that keeps me coming back. I don't come looking for specific things, I just come hoping to find something exciting. Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't but I love the thrill of the hunt!I have found amazing things here and my family does too everytime they are in town. My sister even got her wedding dress here (one of them, she bought about 5 before deciding which to wear, so annoying!) Anyway, I get the gitters when I haven't been to LC in awhile, so luckily I have some days off coming up and you better believe I'll be chancing!!
5	God DAMN I just love this place. My visit last night was complete reaffirmation of why Last Chance is one of the best reasons to live in Phoenix. Two pairs of black Uggs, short and tall. Black over-the-knee flat suede boots. Black leather knee high slouchy boots with a cone heel that look quite similar to the totally-sold-out-and-unaffordable-anyway Balenciaga version. Theory tank top - basic white, not some garish color that didn't sell. Citizens of Humanity wide leg trouser jeans, with the tags still on, $9.99! Black "jeggings" (yes, jeans/leggings). Some Juicy velour pants, because I needed another pair like a hole in the head. ALL FOR $250. The stupid tall Uggs are $200 ALONE if you pay retail. My main problem with Last Chance is that it COMPLETELY RUINS me from paying retail for anything. For real.
5	The director at my work once told me about Last Chance. When she told me that it was located in Phoenix, AZ, I was amazed. I was thinking, "Man, she's a hardcore shopper!" Later, I casually told my friend about this place. After seeing the Yelp reviews, she immediately said "Roadtrip time!." Her excitement was contagious and I immediately said, "ok, I wil drive!"I think my friend and I were so glad that we drove. We ended buying A LOT of things, so it was easy to put it all in my car. Now, had we chose the flying route, I have no idea how we will be able to carry it to the airport and all. I think we would end up paying extra money at the airport for extra baggage and all. Good thing we are experienced shopaholics, so we think far ahead. We predicted that we were gonna go crazy with the shopping here......Our first day at Last Chance went like this:We arrived at Last Chance at 10 AM, right when it opened.Friend: "I am going to drop you off while I find parking"Me: "ok"Right when I got to the destination, I was appalled at the scene. There were hundreds of shoppers, all waiting for the store to open. I was shocked - I couldn't believe there were hardcore shopaholics, just like my me and my friend. The manager then came out and gave her lil speech about not being aggressive shoppers and all.I immediately called my friend:Me: "hey, friend, it is pretty hardcore here....."When you get inside the store, it was amazing. There were so many good deals on namebrand clothes, purses, shoes, etc. I was overwhelmed. I mean, this was like a Disneyland for shopaholics.....My friend and I ended up going to Last Chance two days in a row. We spent about 4 hours each day. There were so many items, we wanted to be equal opportunity buyers and spend the same amount of time in each department. For me, I got a lot of Franco Sarto shoes and my friend got lots of deals on Jimmy Choo shoes, Luis Vuitton doggy bag, and etc. Tip: Each department gets replenished pretty quickly and each time they replenish, it is a different item. So if you spend an hour in 1 department, you will get lots of good deals.
2	If I was an anthropologist and I wanted to study the seedy underbelly of American consumerism in the early 21st Century then this would be a research bonanza.  Not only that, I'd also have to imagine that this place is a breeding ground for some pretty exotic bacterias. (Just a tip for all of those aspiring pathologists)  The first time I went I witnessed a little kid blowing his nose into a dress shirt.Having said that, it is still a pretty sweet place to find some rock bottom deals...assuming that you have a good eye, good instincts, and flinty elbows.  You can still find some never worn items in there. But  I still have my dignity and will refuse to drop $50 on a pair of shoes that have 8 years of wear on them just because they are Allen Edmonds.
5	I love this place!  What is the latest process on getting the name brand purses?  Is it a lottery everyday or just selected days?
5	Let me start off by saying that if there were 6 stars, I'd give this place 6 stars!"Last Chance" is simply amazing, but only to those true bargain shopaholics. There are days when the store will be flourishing with dreamlike items fluttering all over the place, waiting to be picked up and finding a new home in your closet. Other times, you must dig deep, and then come out with a diamond in the rut.I visited "Last Chance" today and fell in love all over again. I got a BCBG dress, three name brand tees, two casual dresses, eight hair bands, a adorable pair of earrings, FIVE purses and a pair of lace leggings for $39.00. And they all still had the Nordstrom tag on it!!!!They had so many things on sale (in addition to their already low prices). To truely love "Last Chance", you must have an open mind and realize that this is not your typical department store, therefore it will not operate like one, so get over the kids, crowds and messes, it's Nordstrom stuff at below yardsale prices!! You must also be fashion and brand savvy."Uhh.. Darn diggity goodness mother of Betunia McGrittles, these scary looking boots with a devil pointy edge are $29.99, and they look like they have been tried on oh fooey pooey, that is just too garsh darn expensive Gurtude, And someone wrote their name, "Jimmy Choo" on it. Uhh, why are there so many  people ALL over the place, and grabbing shoes like crazy making a mess.. Oh goodness heaven no, this store is horrible.. Just like that "Juicy Couture" jumpsuit for $9.99 a piece up front, oh no another child making a mess, let's get out of here and go to Sears or JC Penny, they have such great elastic pants grandma jeans and they never have a mess there! I do not see why people like this place darn diggity.." -Random "Last Chance" non-enthusiast.Key point, if you're not into brands and fashion, and are not creative and a bargain shopper lover, then you will not appreciate this beautiful place we are so lucky to have in Phoenix!! :)"Last Chance" tips..(All "Last Chancers" will put a  hit on me after this, but I love my fellow yelpers oh so much lol)*Arrive EARLY. Anytime after noon all the goods will most likey be gone and all the damaged/ugly stuff will be left. *WATCH YOUR CART! People will take you 25.00 pair of Coach wedges lol*Don't make eye contact with anyone! Don't trust anyone! If you see a pair of Seven jeans for 14.99 DESCRETELY grab them and move on.. Any sense of alert will beckon a herd of jean hungry woman and you will get mobbed!*Move QUICKLY, if you have to RUN! Especially if you are there right when they open, set your mind to what you want and RUN to that department. This will assure first dibs on the that section's finest.*Don't start crap with ANYONE! It can get really ugly.. and there is a wall of pictures of "banned" people from "Last Chance" and that is no where you want to end up in for ANYONE!The rest of the tips are too super insider to say aloud, sorry huns! but I will spill one super "Last Chancer" tip..Happy shopping! muaaah :)*Look in the size 10-11 in woman shoes, that's where all the BEST shoes are "hidden"  or "stashed" by other people who will be back later that day or had to go to the bathroom upstairs and didn't have anyone to hold their shoes. No woman really wears those sizes so they figure to just stash them there for a few minutes.. I cannot begin to describe the designer glories I have discovered stuffed behind a size 11 pair of Pumas..NOTE TO EVERYONE: OVERALL, PLEASE BE NICE AND SHARE. THERE ARE A LOT OF PEOPLE THAT GO THERE JUST TO FIND DEALS AND RESELL THEM ON EBAY AND THEY CAN BE JUST PLAIN MEAN. REMEMBER, WE ARE ALL HUMAN AND MUST BE KIND TO ONE ANOTHER, NO CURSING, SHOVING, ECT. LET'S MAKE LAST CHANCE A NICE PLACE TO SHOP, AND END THE VIOLENCE AND ANGER OVER CLOTHES/PURSES/SHOES ECT. WE CANNOT SELL OUR SOULS TO THEM. TAKE CARE EVERYONE :)
4	As one of my girlfriends says, Last Chance is a "hot mess."  Love the deals, love the digging - but it is a perpetual disaster area.  If you need more than 5 items good luck because you can forget about getting a shoping cart.  There is a constant pack of "cougars" at the front waiting to get one, and if you aren't quick you will miss your opportunity.  (I was standing there with a broken arm and someone stole my cart from me!)The staff are usually over-worked and not terribly friendly.  I don't recommend trying clothes on while you are there because the dressing room is cramped and pretty dirty.As I am sure has been mentioned previously they do not accept returns so you will frequently see women changing in the aisles to see if clothes fit.Overall it is a very fun environment and I go there to shop at least 10 times a year.  I think it would change the feel/cost if things were terribly different...Go for the experience or don't go at all!
2	I accidentally stumbled upon Last Chance looking for another store, and I had to share my experience on Yelp. I walked into the store and saw a small indoor mall, took the escalator down and stumbled upon a mess of ravenous women who were on a mission to get as many pairs of children's shoes as possible. I heard a loud voice screaming over the crowd (by a worker) "EVERYONE STEP AWAY FROM THE SHOES AND DON'T TOUCH THEM UNTIL WE RESTOCK!" I have to admit that at this point I was scared, but intrigued at what was inside this store that would cause these woman to behave in this manner. Now, I will admit, there were some amazing finds. I saw very high end designer shirts for less than $10. But, I have to agree with other 2 star reviews in that these clothes are pretty gross. I probably will not return. For those of you who have not been and are reading reviews, the best I can compare this mad house is a 50% off sale at Goodwill. But, about 50 times worse. I have also seem similar behavior on Christmas eve at grocery stores in Mexico (and in a Food City in downtown Phoenix) by the meat department. You have to be a pretty dedicated shopaholic to deal with these crazy women.   P.S.- Parking is terrible in this shopping mall.
3	I've never heard of Last Chance until a recent visit to a friends place in Phoenix. Before you even think about shopping here, just be aware of the huge lines, rude people and expect carrying everything you find by hand instead of using a cart to lug it around. Shopping carts are scarce here and baskets are limited. You've gotta love the crowd, the digging, the huge room we'll call ground zero and best of all the deals. Just be careful though because you'll get what you pay for. In a few hours I found tory burch flats (which looked like they've been worn one too many times) as well as dior heels at $99 a pop. They have a huge variety of UGG boots but once again you'll have to walk through the massive shoe aisles to find them. On some occasions, you'll find stuff that has been worn, torn, beat up and spit out but you'll also find a lot of stuff that's new that just couldn't sell at Nordstom Rack. Definitely a great spot if you're in the mood to find a good deal but just be forewarned about the rude shoppers, big mess and long lines.
5	3 words... $50.00 UGG boots.  Bought 2 pairs each for my 3 daughters and myself.  These were brand new and in perfect shape.  This is the bargain hunter's dream.  Ladies... talk your husband into coming to Phoenix area for Spring Training, then come here to shop.  Best shopping with girlfriends so you can help each other find the best deals.  Bring an extra suitcase for your treasures.They accept Nordstrom's CC, Visa and cash only.
5	I can easily add myself to the club of Last Chance addicts. I have had the beauty of working 2 miles away from this Holy Bargain Mecca for years now, and it has only fueled my Last Chance urges at lunchtime! Last Chance is definitely not a secret here in the Valley, but I'm not sure if many of you know exactly what the business model of Last Chance is... how they get their merchandise (is this worn? is this Nordstrom's?) so I did a bit of digging, and here's your little Wednesday afternoon history lesson!Last Chance store first opened at west Phoenix's Maryvale Mall in 1993, then it relocated to Camelback Colonnade in 1995, where it sits today (at the 51 and Camelback Rd.) This is THE ONLY store in the country of its kind - owned and operated by Nordstrom's LTD. Based on the liberal return policies from Nordstrom's (they literally accept ALL returns, despite wear/tear and use) the company decided to create a bargain store for ALL RETURNS to be shipped to - because Nordstrom's prides themselves on refusing to re-sell any return from a customer. Therefore, the customer knows they are purchasing a truly "new" item. All returns, whether new with tags, returned after minimal use, or worn as their favorite loafers for 3 years are returned... and sent to Last Chance. Nordstrom operates 112 full-line department stores, 68 Nordstrom Rack clearance stores, two Jeffrey Boutiques, and one final clearance store (Last Chance) all located in 28 different states. I personally feel very fortunate to have this store close to mi casa. The secret is definitely out about this store - about 5 to 10 years ago this place was busy, but tolerable. In the last few years, there are times that I went and just decide to come back another time because it is just too busy. Lately, and I feel hugely impacted by the economic stresses we are facing - this place has been busting at the seams with excellent finds. Coach purses used to be sparse, now there are tons... want a North Face fleece? How about 2! (I just recently bought one white, one black for $30 each) Manolo Blahnicks for $89? Yes please! L.A.M.B. wallet for $40... it seems life is being breathed back into the place. I agree with all of the other posts - some of the peeps are nutso mcbutso that shop here - not shopaholics or fanatics - bonafide LUNATICS. It adds to the excitement of it all, but don't get into any altercations with these people. No one needs to get knifed over a pair of Jessica Simpson flats! I've had friends come in tag-teaming with walkie -talkies in hand. That's a little far for me. I like to come alone, stealthily - independently, so I can sneak in and out and enjoy my own personal bargain-hunting high!
4	I arrived at 9:45am on Sunday to see if there was a group waiting outside the store. Indeed, about 15 people were already there. Since the store didn't open until 11am I went to grab a bite to eat. Came back at 10:50am to find 100+ people. One of the clerks came out and announced the specials and then the gates were raised.It's laid out like a nordstrom rack, just a bit messier. It was crowded at times but not too crazy.Scored a DKNY jacket, Seven for all mankind jeans, BCBG dress, and a long summer dress for $80. Had to do some digging but came up with some great finds!Will be heading back again soon.
3	It used to be great but now I'm not quiet sure if the bargain is worth your dignity. Every morning the manager would come out and tell you about where their products comes from and that it's not for resale, basically the same speech for the same crowd. But lately the new management have been very rude. They came out with all these new rules and the tone of voice when the speech is delivered make people feel like a kid being scold at. If you really don't know what you're doing then it's not worth the trip down there. Every morning when the doors open there is over 200 people rushing through grabbing and hogging everything they can get their hands on. Then they find some random corners and lay all their stuff out like it's a swap meet , organizing the "yes" and trade with the  other regulars for more stuff. Newbie get to watch and drools on the the goods that they found. This place is an adult high school with more drama than The Hills.There will be no more bag line and early shopping. :(
5	THIS PLACE IS A TREASURE CHEST!! Granted, you have to set aside at least 3 hours to fully go through their entire selection and watch out for items that have holes or rips in them, but I mean what else do you expect since its the clearance of Nordstrom Rack. I spend about $100 there each time and come out with multiple pairs of shoes, dresses, tights, leggings, etc. I've gotten Marc Jacobs purses and designer jeans for about 10% of the retail price. Shopaholic certified for sure.
4	For anyone who expects customer service or an organized store, don't come to Last Chance. It is CLEARLY listed as a discount store, and for Nordstrom to have a store like this that sells top brands at rock bottom prices (as well as other less exciting brands...) that means that they have to cut back on, well, pretty much everything. Stop complaining about narrow aisles or poor customer service because you're not gonna find that at a store that ALSO sells L.A.M.B. booties for 75% off. This store is full of amazing deals but you have to be willing to dig for them sometimes. Sometimes I find absolutely nothing, and other times i walk out with 3 pairs of designer shoes that cost me 20 bucks a piece. If you're looking for clothing, wear leggings and a tank top so you can easily change in the community dressing rooms. And bring a friend to help you keep track of all your finds. and dont even THINK about trying to drag your cart down the shoe aisles, it's rude to other customers- it isn't a grocery store!! Overall, this place is great if you have got some time and patience, beware of evil bargain hunters though.
5	I wish we had one of these in Los Angeles. It's the best store ever. I always find the best designer deals here. Things I've purchased: Michael Kor's suede stilletos, Stuart Weitzman heels, tall egg shells boots, tall black suede boots, and tons of other goodies. I was just thinking about how I wish they were here in LA.
4	Well, another successful trip to this great stop. It's important to get there early so you get the best selection. Shoes are hit and miss, but the jewelry and clothing are a good find. I got a $150 Elie Tahari skirt brand new for only $7. And a bunch of Norstrom Shimera robes for $9. Definitely worth a stop but need to be flexible to hunt around a bit. Overall, a great find.
4	This type of shopping is not for the weak of heart - lots of people and elbows everywhere. I waited 20 minutes just to try on 2 shirts! Other days are better than others, but I always find something (even if it's just a pair of earrings). You can get Nordstrom brands for very little money - just be sure to check if there are stains, rips, etc. on your items b/c there are no returns. Lots of fun to spend hours here pawing through clothes - I do think the handbags are overpriced being as I've seen them w/broken handles, stains, etc.
4	Really hit or miss.One day there was nothing but crap,another day,I found a gorgeous formal gown with some beading and threading flaws for 11 bucks!I fixed it up and hemmed it for 30 bucks and now its a top tier prom gown.I also found a variety of size 4 shoes on different occasions.Being a super petite size, its difficult to find my size,but this store has it for women with itty bitty feet.Heels, wedges, you name it.downside: Some of the merchandise is dirty, damaged, or ugly,merchandise display is messy,but if you look hard enough you'll find something for a steal on a lucky day.Downside: lines are LONG, no returns, crowded on weekends,challenging to find parking.
5	One phrase that sums this place up:  a dream come true!This place is the last call for all your favorite shoes, clothing, handbags, jewelry, socks, and swimsuits previously sold at Nordstrom.  This place is half digging and half luck, but if you're lucky, you can find items for dirt cheap!  Here's an idea of how dirt cheap some of the items are:  swimsuits ranged from $6-10, and the swim bottoms were $1.97!!!  No I did not mess up the decimal point!  Literally a dollar and 97 cents!  Good swimsuits too, the ones found in the athletic section of Nordstrom in the spring/summer, like Le Blanca and Tommy Bahama.  I also bought a formal dress for $7, and a Free People dress for $17 (regular price $100).  Found some Marc by Marc Jacobs mouse flats for $99.99!  I'm not too certain, but I think that all of the designer shoes were 100 or less.  My sister got some Valentinos (regular price $700) for $99 as well.  Lots of Tory Burch flats too.WARNING:  The items here are mostly returned items or refurbished (which means someone wore it at least once or for a few weeks, and returned it, and Nordstrom may have replaced the soles of shoes), so you can't be too picky.  You have to really check the items before purchasing, as this is last chance, which means no returns!  There are holes in items, toe prints in shoes, scuff marks, etc.  So the lucky part comes in when you stumble upon an item that looks like it was returned because the person no longer wanted it.  Think about it:  Nordstrom has the best return policy out there, so ANYONE can return their purchases...whether they wore it for a good season, one night for a wedding, etc.I still love this place though, since all of my family members and I all found something and were all very satisfied with our purchases.  I would definitely recommend this for a person who:1) Can dig & doesn't mind digging for things2) Doesn't mind wearing a pair of shoes worn once or a few days3) Knows their designer brands
5	This store is AWESOME! My best friend and I drove out to Phoenix for the weekend to shop here, and it was everything we expected and more! While it was crowded in the morning before the store opened, once you were in there and people were scattered, so it wasn't too bad. I spent about $400 for the 3 days we were there, and got so much stuff! I ended up coming home with a purse, a wallet, 7 tank tops, 3 shirts, 2 sweaters, a coat, 2 scarves, a pair of David Kahn Jeans, 2 pairs of boots, a pair of Coach shoes, and 3 pairs of high heels! I'm so happy we went and have had a blast showing and telling all my friends about all the great stuff I got. While it did take a lot of digging and quietly searching for goodies, I found everything I came there for and more! If you look hard enough you can find some really good deals. They put out new stuff throughout the entire day, and I scored some MAC makeup in the morning on Sunday for dirt cheap! The set up is kind of like a Ross Store, with rounders full of clothes, and shoes for miles! It's a shopping girls dream and we can't wait to go back again next summer! Happy Shopping! :)
2	I gave this store one last chance, and it let me down. I think it's because this store just irritates me. The unorganized piles, cramped walking space, items scattered about on the floor... it's just not shopper friendly and neither are customers and customer service associates. Plus, have you seen the lines at this place! I admit that I just don't have the patience to wait in a line that long. Inherently I'm not a fighter and I don't enjoy confrontations. Therefore, this store totally turned me off when I walked in and it reminded me of a scene from Bride Wars where Kate Hudson and Anne Hathaway maul each other to the floor. These shoppers are intense. And while I enjoy a good deal as much as the next girl, I'm not willing to walk into a combat zone just to save money on a designer outfit or purse.Another aspect of this store I cannot wrap my mind around is that a lot of these clothes look used and just plain gross. I'm all for dirt cheap, but when the clothing has actual dirt on it... no thanks.  There are so many people out there though who walk into this store, rummage through the racks and come out with some amazing finds! I am not one of them though, and maybe I'm just not lucky enough. But more power to those who can make this store work for them.Shopping at Last Chance feels like a job. Therefore, when a store sucks all the fun out of my shopping experience, I find myself asking... What's the point? Sadly, I will not be returning to this Last Chance location. There are some amazing deals, but I'll leave those for the power shoppers.
3	Dear families, Stop bringing your children here to play in the aisles, run into me, and throw things. If you can't afford daycare - don't come here. I'm here to shop, not navigate around your nitwit children, Then again apples don't fall far from trees.
3	The shopping experience is pretty abysmal, but when you score here, you really, really, really score. Think: a brand new pair of black patent Valentino bow slingbacks for $99, a new-with-tags Ali Ro dress for $13, and barely-worn Jimmy Choo peep-toe mid-heel pumps for $75 (on sale that day). That's what keeps me coming back - insane deals on beautiful designer clothes and shoes. Here are my tips for navigating through the madness:Tip 1: Don't come here first thing in the morning. There's a huge crowd of aggressive fashion bitches just waiting for them to open - and they will push you, give you the stinkeye, race-walk you to the merchandise (Technically not running so still within Last Chance rules for shopping! Barf.), and strong-arm you out of anything of interest. They re-stock continually throughout the day, so there's really no reason to torture yourself. (The fact that they had to put rules for shopping in place at all tells you enough.)Tip 2: Be willing to strike out. Sometimes you find awesome stuff, sometimes you walk away empty-handed. For the three rad finds I listed above (bought on three separate trips), I went there probably 6 or 7 times. So if you're just generally in a shopping mood or a browsing mood, you're in a good state of mind for this place.Tip 3: Look at clothes first, then shoes and bags. You can't bring shoes or bags into the dressing room, and you don't want to leave them just sitting in a cart unguarded outside. Oh - and be confident enough (and underwear-ed enough) to try things on in the common dressing area. You will save a ton of time. (And no one cares or even looks to notice what kind of shape you're in - no worries ladies!)
2	For being a discount clothing and shoe store umm... some things like purses are not very discount for the damage or quality issues it may have. Its always like zoo in there, just to but one item would be ridiculous for the amount of time you would have to wait so not worth it.
5	I love reading the reviews about Last Chance; if you don't rate it five stars, you're not getting it:1 Watch out for the used or overly damaged2 Shop by the addtl discounts3 Pick your favorite brands and just keep watching out for themLatest grabs: Ferragamo mens dress shoes: $70; est $400 value; Mephisto mens casual shoes $40, est $280; Facconable sports jacket $40 est $180 value'nuff said, now go shop!!!
5	My only bad coment about this place is "they do not accept American Express".  This place is Marshalls and TJ. Maxx on Steroids.  Heres an example a $800 pair of Salvatore Ferragamo boots on sale for $49.00, thats right $49.  Although you may not find more than one of any item, you are sure to find some wonderful treats.  Many of the items, especially the shoes are items that Nordstorms custoumers have returned.  My only surprise is that Nordstorms takes almost anything back.  Shoes are worn, designer bags with ink stains or clothes with slight tears and its apparent that some of the items have been washed.
3	Insanity.  http://www.azcentral.com/style/fashion/articles/2010/12/08/20101208last-chance-nordstrom-shopping-strategy.htmlIf you have the patience, time, or lack of funds, then have fun.  Make sure to read the list of rules that are posted, it really makes you wonder...
4	I've been a shopper at Last Chance for many years now (maybe going on twenty, OMG!); and this last weekend really distressed me.The store has been renovated, so it's much nicer appearing; however, as several people have noted, the prices have been going up and up while the quality continues to drop.  Certainly, there WERE a number of those great great deals which you can't get anywhere else (brand-new Ugg tall boots for $99), but I found nothing I could wear and managed to talk myself out of the 5-inch rhinestone platform evening shoes (even though they would match my silver gown).The worst part came, though, when my partner (who DID find some steals) got to the counter and discovered that there is now a "3-item limit on EVERY item per customer, per day"!!!!!  So she had to give up the Ugg boots she'd talked herself into because she had three good pair of work shoes she had actually come for.While I understood this restriction on the purses, it makes no sense for other items of clothing or jewelry -- especially shoes.  I assume they're trying to discourage resalers (read: eBay), but if you find a pair of sandals, a pair of sneakers, a pair of boots, and a pair of pumps, it's going to be a hard give to decide which you don't want/need.It was the first time I got out of there spending less than $100.  Found some fun socks, a new pair of New Balance walking shoes, a lovely lace blouse in good condition, and a few pair of earrings, $47 bucks.  Not bad, eh?
5	I have been going to Last Chance since before it moved to the Colonnade in 1995.  This place is truly for the bargain shopper!  Anyone who loves to shop and is visiting from out of town MUST see it for yourself!  I highly recommend it!Prices are great - better than any Ross, Marshalls, etc.  A lot of times there are additional discounts on a category of items.  I always find something there!  Recently I got a silk chiffon formal dress for $4.75 when the dresses were 60% off.  A few months back the size 11 shoes (my size) were 60% for two weeks!  I went about 4 times and they always had new stocked shoes.  I got about 20 pairs.  Most were $8, some were $5 and the Tory Burch flats I got were $29!  The clothes are very reasonably priced.  Most tops range from $2.97 - $9.97.  Nicer brands bring the price up a bit to $19.97+.  Women's shoes mostly range from $12.97 - $29.97.  Nicer brands up to 99.97+ ( I rarely see anything higher than $29.97 in 11's :)).  Great accessories.  Lots of purses, wallets, earrings, hair clips, scarves, necklaces, watches, and random other things.  I have 3 children (gasp)!  I rarely bring them to LC.  Sometimes they do need to come so that I can try shoes on them since you cannot return them!  The kids shoes there are wonderful and such high quality.  Most are $12.97.  Most are new or like new.  You can't beat $80 shoes for 13 bucks! The kids clothing is very hit or miss.  I have found great kids belts (1.97), silk ties (.97), hats (2.97), purses (1.97), etc.  Once in awhile I find cute dresses for my six year old (5.97).  Baby girl clothes are the easiest to find.  They get a lot of diaper bags in as well.  My husband has done well finding shoes there.  Most men's shoes are around $30.  I have found great dress shirts for him.  Most are $9.97.I don't get to go as often as I like... about 2 times a month.  I usually don't get there when they open and I still find lots of things.  Go expecting to find something and you probably will!  It can get very busy, but usually most everyone is nice and having fun searching for bargains!
4	This place is insanely packed with crazy women! And men! I never knew men were so passionate about fashion deals, and climbing over things to get them before shopping at Last Chance.Last Chance is basically where designer merch goes after it doesn't sell at Nordstrom or Nordstrom's Rack for whatever reason (damaged/out of season, etc.) If you have the desire to laugh at yourself and not take your shopping trip too seriously - go for it. It's cramped...and I thought it kind of smelled funky too. Also, they play "techno/top 200" music to try to elevate your heart rate and possibly incite more impulse buys. As far as people watching goes, this place is a WIN. There are people riffling through bins of torn and destroyed shoes, clothes and accessories as if they were looking for serious treasure. So, your boyfriend can have something to do while you shop. The Intrigue & Appeal: fancy designer items marked down more than 75% - possibly even more. I found UGG boots in perfect, new condition for $32 (normally like $180) and I was really happy to take them back home to 17-degree weather. Subsequently, several angry women approached me, inquiring where and how I found the boots. They were outwardly irritated that I found these boots before they did and pretty colorful words ensued. People in this store are seriously intense about finding deals. It's hilarious! I realized that finding a designer item in this store - for a really great price - with no "defects" is rare. But it happens. And it happened to me.If I you have time, drive and also a sense of humor - you could probably find some legit deals and items here with impressive brand names. You will find people that will buy a mangled leather wallet for $20 (solely because of the label/designer and original price) - even if there are scuff marks/holes/tears/stains AND rips. This is really funny. Overall, you can't beat the people watching experience. It's basically the most hilarious consumer-capitalist-America encounter you can find and you might find really cheap designer boots, too. Tips:1. This place is a zoo. Please be mindful if bringing children here - you might not leave with them. Actually, do not bring kids here at all. 2. Parking is impossible - so be prepared to look for a spot with dedication3. Seriously, people will try to pry items from your hands so decide how badly you want to purchase them and/or designate a strong person to hold them (I made my 14 year-old brother guard my boots).4. They do not accept AmEx5. Your trip will be most successful if there is something in particular you are looking for - so research how much the item costs and find comparable deals online to see how much you're actually saving.6. Call in advance and ask when their new stuff comes in - be mindful that this day will be most crowded and with the most loot
2	Dear God I will never go back to this place : ( I only gave it 2 stars because some of the deals on clothes were really great! But overall this place was a disaster. Maybe it was because we went on a Saturday but it was so crowded and the lines were so long. I was excited when I heard about it because I am always looking for a deal on designer handbags. All of the handbags were shoved into probably 5 big table bins, and as I was "digging" though them I came across a $65 Juicy Couture purse that had stains on the outside and rips in the inside. WTF!!! This place is pretty much a garage sale. My dad told me he saw a pair of shoes that looked like it had barf on the bottom of them. gross. And some of the women who shop there.....Snobby Bitches. lol. This one lady gave me a dirty look as I was looking at the JC purse. Don't worry lady this one is all yours! So if you are willing to deal with long lines, rude shoppers, and crappy merchandise than have fun! Otherwise don't waste your time
4	I'm not sure why ASU hasn't started using this place for research yet. Psychologists could study human aggressiveness patterns in the shoe section. Sociologists could study class stratification between the ebayers buying 15 designer handbags and the college girls buying 6 $1.00 tank tops. And an ethnographer could explore the interactions that people of a wide array of cultures have with one another in the line that usually stretches to the back of the store. If you can't tell, this place is a zoo. An underground hell-hole with no cell phone reception where Nordstrom's returns go to die. If the land of misfit toys included Mui Mui's and Christian Louboutin's the Last Chance would be it. I love this place. Sure you have to get rammed by a stroller or two to get anything good, but that makes shopping here much more interesting than at the mall with civilized people. The first rule of Last Chance is that you don't talk about the Last Chance. #2: Do not talk about the Last Chance #3: Bring a buddy. People get vicious in the fitting rooms and in the checkout line. #4: NEVER leave anything unattended. You will never see it again. #5: Go on a weekday morning. There will still be a mob waiting at the door, but the weekends are not for the faint of heart. #6: Go often. You will never find anything here on a whim. You must have a strategy. #7 His name was Robert Paulson. Ok, ok, enough with the Fight Club references. But seriously, if you follow these rules there is no limit to what you will find. I've seen several pairs of $100 Mui Mui shoes, $60 leather Juicy Couture satchels, and $6.00 Frenchie sweaters. You can look like a million bucks if you have the patience.
5	I went during a weekday so I didn't find the place packed.I did leave my cart for 5 mins and it was gone by the time i came back. Never ever leave your cart even for a minute folks.This was my first time here. It's pretty small.  The Last Chance in Miami is twice as large and better I thought. I bought a pair of boots. I really really wanted to buy clothes because I don't know when I'll be back in Phoenix but I couldn't find anything I liked. Oh well. I give it a 5 stars because I love a good bargain.
4	Let's be honest. Last Chance is not a place to take your date, your parents, or anyone else you're trying to show a good time. Yes, there are shoes and shirts strewn about - there are hundreds of pre-menopausal women clawing through the doors each day. No, the people there aren't always friendly - they're not trying to earn a tip from you...they're on a mission to clean up the 38,039 pairs of shoes and shirts left strewn about by said pre-menopausal women. Yes, there may be a line to the dressing room a dozen people long. Yes, there may be a checkout line 3 times longer than the dressing room line. *This isn't the place to linger with friends and admire the latest fashion - this is for die-hard bargain shoppers only.*As far as the actual clothing goes, it's hit or miss. I've gone there many times without finding anything, but I've also left with $500 worth of clothing I paid less than $50 for. IMPORTANT: Carefully inspect everything before you buy it. Everything is sold as is, and there are no returns or exchanges - no exceptions.Best advice? Get in, and get out. Best times are weekday mornings, though the last time I came I unexpectedly timed it just right when I thought it would be awful. I came in the early evening on a weekday, around 5:00. I had to wait over 10 minutes for a dressing room (it would have been much longer if I hadn't taken the open changing area), but once I was out there was no checkout line. The store was packed full of people, but it seemed that everyone had just arrived and wasn't ready to check out yet. If you can avoid it, DO NOT WAIT UNTIL LAST CHANCE CLOSES TO LEAVE. They will not let you keep looking around once 9pm hits, and you may have to wait in the checkout line for 30 minutes while the dozens of people in the store are pushed together all at once.Know that everything is hit or miss at Last Chance. Some people are friendly and helpful, and some are not. Sometimes the lines are horrible, and sometimes they're quick. Sometimes you'll find incredible deals on beautiful clothing, and sometimes you won't.
1	Anyone who thinks this s***hole is a fantastic place to shop probably considers 'dumpster diving' fine dining. I'm a handbag, shoe and sunglasses whore and after reading all of the reviews about Last Chance, I was really excited to check it out. I can't comment on the clothes because I didn't stay long enough to look at them. Frankly, after seeing the horrible condition of the handbags in bins outside the store, I almost left. The bags were hideous and damaged. I wonder how much Michael's makes selling gaudy rhinestones and hot glue to women who just got a "great deal" on an ugly, holey and scuffed bag? So, even though the bags were horrible, I went inside anyway and headed over to the sunglasses. HUGE disappointment. There were almost none on the turning racks and the one pair I liked was marked "$9.99 as is" and had clear packing tape holding one of the lenses on. On to the shoe department. I'll give Last Chance this, there are a LOT of shoes there. Unfortunately, the ones that haven't been worn for a year already (and look every bit of it) are still pricey and nothing anyone in their right mind would buy.
1	I was in the neighborhood and stopped in today  with shopping on my mind.  I remember the store being crowded and full of bratty, screaming kids with non existent parents from before, but I still love a bargain.  I must be getting older or wiser or maybe I just don't have the need to buy used crap no matter how cheap the price.I went to look at the shoes and the first pair I see are white (or used to be white) sandals that looked like whoever wore them last had wet dirty feet.  Too gross for me and I left and went to Marshalls.I will never ever come back to this store again, lesson learned.  Most of the stuff you see here today will be at the swap meet tomorrow.
4	All four of these stars are for the merchandise!  I went with my sister and mother and we bought Uggs ($30), a BEAUTIFUL Kate Spade Bag ($20), Cole Haan Heels ($20), and Coach sneakers ($30).  Ridiculous prices!!  However, the place is a total zoo and people seriously act crazy here.  I got body slammed by some lunatic and another insane person ran over my bare foot (I was trying on shoes) with her cart.  Neither person apologized and it really was every woman for herself.The staff seemed totally bedraggled and suicidal.  They totally hate their jobs and they hate the customers, too.  If you can put up with the completely frantic shopping experience, you can walk away with some gorgeous and inexpensive things!
1	Don't shop here.  sych!
5	This store gets 5 stars solely based on the fact that it has the best deals of any store I've ever shopped at. While you do need to thoroughly check any item you're thinking about buying for defects, you can definitely score some amazing deals, especially on shoes and purses. Some of my favorite things purchased from here are the following:Marc Jacobs jeans $15Diesel jeans $15BCBG large leather purse $70Prada clogs $100Stuart Weitzman heels $40With deals like these it's not hard to understand why this place can get a bit overcrowded with aggressive shoppers. Go early on weekdays and keep a good eye on your cart.
5	It was my first visit & I have to give it 5 stars just because I got 3 pairs of TOMS for under $40. Yup. Nuff said.
5	Went for the first time. Best deals ever.I got a $40 Medium Sized Juicy Purse BRAND NEW WITH TAGS!Three Roxy Purses Retail Price 34 bucks--only 2.97 ea.Juicy Couture Boots--REALLY FANCY!! $35I had a nice big juicy purse in my hands. new with tags. only 17 bucks. made the mistake of putting it in my cart...next thing you know, these women took it from me. Anyways, 2.97 Marc Jacobs Glasses$20 Juicy Jackets$29.97 Uggs..
5	this is the worst store EVER!! Don't go here all the clothes have rips stains, missing buttons.This is actually my favorite store in the world hehe...I don't want people to knw about it.you must have patience and love to dig through clothes for hours...and hours...the good thing is u don't get cell phone reception so you can't be disturbed....you must fully examine your clothes, shoes, purses bc there are tons of defects, missing parts, holes, weird seams ect..if your handy with the sewing machine you can fix most. Also take deep breaths before going in there its crowded and its mainly women and sometimes it takes all my power not to run people over w my cart esp in the shoes department with the shoes all over the floor. ALSO watch your cart there are sneaky little biznatches there that will steal your prize pieces out of your cart when your not looking
2	Three words: "GET HERE EARLY!!!"I can only tolerate Last Chance once in a while, when I "have the feeling."  The store and crowds totally drive me nuts with all the disorganization and pushyness of other patrons but you can get some really good deals- as long as the stuff isn't damaged, which a lot of the merchandise is.  So if you're a bargain shopper that's down with being overwhelmed and have a lot of patience, this may be a good find for you.  Call me an anxious snob but Last Chance is just a little too much for me!
5	LOVE this place. Great bargains, but only if you have a keen eye. You have to be careful. Look at each item before purchasing because they have a strict NO return or exchange policy.I got my TOMS there for $20, Michael Kors shoes for around $40, and great jeans for around $30. Also, sometimes they have specials like tanks and solid T-shirts for $1. I also get great Toddler's clothes and shoes from there. Especially kids Ugg boots for $20. Best time to get awesome deals are usually early mornings and weekdays. Otherwise, weekends are always full of people and majority of the "good" stuff are already gone.
5	Walking into Last Chance I turned into one of those cartoon characters with purses and shoes as eyes. This place is insane, a Nordstrom Rack Rack basically the graveyard for all Nordstrom returns or rejects and a goldmine for patient brand seekers and clothes freaks. It was exciting madness when we arrived, crazy shopper with baskets full of shoes.You have to be prepared for the mass amount of clothes piled on shelves, thrown in boxes, and shoes scattered in shelves and in trash bins. You have to rummage through the piles but with time you can come out with some pretty awesome finds.I bought 2 purses, a Michael Kors shoulder bag and a Kate Spade handbag (each $79), a Tory Burch zip wallet ($49), a pair of Vera Wang flats ($30), and a pair of heels ($15). It seems like a lot but it was all a great deal. During our visit shoes were an additional 50% off the sale price, if I had more time and sanity I would have spent more time digging but it wasn't worth it. Be sure to check the soles of the shoes, some of them are obviously worn and some are brand new. The best part about all of our purchases at LC was that we went to the mall after (the really big one in Scottsdale, as I am not a local I have no idea what it was called) and found all of our purchases at their brand store at Nordstroms. It was the funnest game ever to find our item, see how much it was currently being sold for, and knowing we bought the same item for only 20% of the original cost. Craziness. This just proves that just because you find it at LC, doesn't mean it's not a current season's item! It's a good thing I live in a different state otherwise I'd probably be here digging all the time, haha.Tip: LC and the price is written with sharpie on the inside pocket of most of the purses you buy, it's kind of annoying but it can be cleaned off with some acetone (like nail polish remover) or rubbing alcohol.
1	I usually don't like ripping on places too often but people are WAY too high on this place. ITS  A DUMP! It's full of bratty screaming kids, dirty-nasty-stained-clothing and shoes and there's always a need for police there. I could see if it actually sold desirable clothing there but I wouldn't even call it last years fashions. Most of the stuff there was never "in style." It smells like a sewer in there as well. I would rather pay full retail for something then to ever step foot in this dump.
3	By far the best bargains, if you get there on the right days.  The people act like absolute fools, but the frenzy is all about first come first get!  I always, ALWAYS find a smokin deal on something.  There are alot of families and kids running around unsupervised.  I wish the store would do something about it.  The cashiers are ALWAYS friendly and courteous.  The male dressing rooms are semi private.  LAST CHANCE peeves include whining children, women rummaging through all the mens clothes including the underwear bin.  Really?  How would you all feel if i went through the panty and bra bins with you all going through it.  LOL, I know, just shopping for BF or husbands, I can appreciate that.  Just dont fight me for the Calvin Klein whitey tities!  TIPS, get there EARLY and bring your patience.  Really look over clothes for frays, holes and stains.
4	Wow, I just heard about Last Chance. I can't believe I've been missing out all this time!  Yes, it was crowded and yes, there was a lineup for the change rooms, but it moved fast. They had a great selection of handbags (Kate Spade, and Coach for under $100, and top designers like Versace, Chloe and D&G for around $500). I wasn't too impressed with the shoes - tons of selection but they were mostly beat up, especially the soles, so be selective. I scored a Theory dress for $50 (regular price $285 on the Nordstrom website), a Burberry 100% silk tank top for $20, plus a bunch of other tanks for $2 each. I can't wait to go back!
2	The two stars are for the times that I found something incredible at an incredible price. This place is pretty dumpy and always very crowded. It is pretty far out of my way, so I am usually disappointed when I come home empty handed. Personally, my favorite finds aren't the clothes, but rather, the home goods type things. My favorite finds: A mighty wallet (look it up - so cool) for $1.97, a stand up cardboard cutout of Jacob from Twilight for $1.97, and a ton of brand new (super cute) picture books for $0.44 each. I have gotten plenty of clothes, but it seems like even if there are no holes when I buy it, most of them are made of poor material and fall apart in the wash. If I lived closer, I'd probably go a lot to increase my odds of finding something, but lately it hasn't been worth the drive for me, plus you have to put up with kids and crazy ladies who want that Coach bag in you cart even if it kills them. Dirty, cluttered, unorganized, and a lot of poor quality clothing. Employees are surprisingly friendly. Go if you're in the area, but don't make a special trip. You will most likely come home disappointed.
2	its dirty as shit!!!be prepared to try on used shoes and clothes salvation army for the upper class!!!\2 stars for i found some amazing shoes for $30
4	What can I say about this place that hasn't been said before. It is the dream shopper's secret hang out. Where else can you find haut couture items are bargain prices. Go there once a week and try to fight off the crowds for that special piece you'd see at Neimans for 10 times the cost.
4	I'm only giving it four stars because I found uggs that were worth $150 for $29 bucks!  Other than that they place is CRAZY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! People fight and we witnessed a lady being kicked out by the security guard because she was talking about him behind his back.  Be on your best behavior when you go there I hear they don't mess around there!
5	Bras $3. Shirts $5. Jeans $10. Formal dresses $20. I didn't even have time to see belts bags and shoes. The lines are long but it's worth the trip if you don't mind rummaging for a good deal. I really wish this store was in Houston.
3	This place is a madhouse! Be prepared to spend a lot of time rummaging through stuff. I would say, have it in your mind what you are going for. I went for purses and shoes. The purses I did not think were marked down enough, most of them were damaged. I did find a cool pair of riding boots, they did not have Uggs in my size. I'll go back again though with a lot of coffee.
1	Last Chance is not my kind of shopping experience!The place is a crowded mess and definitely not for the claustrophobic.Once you descend a steep staircase into the basement of a strip mall, you're faced with a big room jam-packed with racks of clothes and shoes, hordes of bargain shoppers (this was a Friday morning) and long lines at the cashiers.  All of the casual shoes were priced 29.99, which is high for previously worn shoes. They were scuffed and even had dirt on their soles.  I've seen cleaner and cheaper shoes in thrift stores!To me, Last Chance was a big turn off.  Never again!
2	If you're a dude, stay away from this place.....Unless you're in the mood for a cat fight, you can see some of those here for sure.I've only ever been here with girlfriends, the guys section is only awesome if you dress like a 70 year old.  Guys, stick to Nordstroms Rack, this place isn't worth the one tie you may find here.That being said if you're a girl, you'll apparently find some smoking deals on occasion.  I've heard enough squeals of delight around this place to know it's the truth.
4	"Imagine Black Friday every day"Shopaholics be very careful when reading this review.  In the world of rejected, returned, and slightly irregular clothing comes a place where several ambitious name brand clothing are given their last stop before being cast into the abyss of donated clothing.  Last Chance brings new life to fashion that never made it to their destined owner by offering it at fraction of the retail cost. The catch is matching that orphaned clothing with their new owner.  Shopaholics will have to endure the separation anxiety as their article of clothing is in the hands of another owner.  You will have to overcome aggressive shopping from children and old ladies determined to fine their item.  The only limit is what is imposed by the shopping policy at the door and what is posted throughout the store.  You can see families strategizing before their purchase like watching another sequel of Ocean's 11.  You'll have to plan for a line even though this store is the size of any Ross store, there are 15 eager registers waiting to cash in your purchase.I know clothing and fashion quality are popular and current as the shoppers demographic are similar to those at the Biltmore Fashion Park or Scottsdale Fashion Square.  As a shopping experience this is not for the faint of heart, but watching women putting their hunting skills into practice when shopping is only an experience you'll have to witness yourself.  If you find this review funny, useful, or cool please check below.
5	I love last chance. Its a little like going to a Turkish bazaar no one is haggling you... its just really busy people are on the prowl. You'll here a Guy on his phone talking to his boss about getting the Tory Burch boots Marc Jacobs bag and a prada jacket....   my best shoes have come from here my $800 Pierre Hardy (which my old roommates dog in turn ate before I could wear them)  my Prada, Tory Burch, as well as an extensive collection of other shoes. Some I pay 18.99, others 29.99 and the really high end 69.99 and 99.99.  But compare That to 800 and its a steal.  Its true this place is not for the faint of heart. This is for those who want santee alley prices for the real thing!  (But pretty much the Santeria alley experience.  Looking at clothes is almost always a waste of time however. If you have hours to kill you'll find something but almost everything is torn.  Shoes handbags and spanx are the best items here.
3	Wow...where should I start with this place... I just recently moved here and was told to check this store out. I had no idea what to expect. Extremely comical to say the least! It's like goodwill for brand name clothing. There are nice new things here and there but you need to search! I think it's hilarious watching the security guard yell at the crazy groups of women scavaging to grab the stuff off the racks. These women prowl around like they are in a jungle searching for their prey. Anyways.... let me add that I found myself a "like new" nine west leather bag for $40 that originally retailed for $250! and a brand new Michael Khors rose gold watch for $40 that they currently have at nordstroms for $215... I don't have the patience to look through the clothing racks. It's easier to find nice shoes and bags that pop out at you than searching through hangers and hangers of junky clothing. The people who work here are not very friendly but, I probably wouldn't be either if I had to work at a place like that and deal with the insane people they get coming to this store. Been here 3 times and have never had to wait in line longer than 5 min. I stood in line behind some girls buying some really used looking purses for ridiculous prices solely based on the fact that they were designer brands (no comment).  If you have the time and patience to look through tons of used shoes and purses you are bound to come out with one or two nice new things and the people watching is priceless!
4	First off, this place is NOT for the germaphobes or clausterphobics. I can't leave this place without wanting to rush for a sink to wash my hands. You must keep in mind, this is not the Nordstrom or Nordstrom Rack environment that you may be accustomed to shopping in. I personally couldn't care less because the deals are absolutely AMAZING. My hands can afford a cleansing after they just saved hundreds of dollars. Where else can you find a Marc Jacobs purse for $200? I can't count how many bags and shoes I've purchased from Last Chance. Most of their shoes and bags need a little TLC (sometimes A LOT) whether that be a leather cleaning, repaired strap, or a fixed zipper. If you're willing to do this, you'll end up with a gem that you'll appreciate oh so much (mostly because you paid about 25% of the retail price)!  It is much harder to search through the apparel and you'll definitely come across things that seem like they're from circa 1985, but more than once in awhile you'll find something great. Just dig a little! After many years of shopping at this place, I can say that it has gone downhill a bit, hence the 4 rather than 5 stars. My biggest complaint being the prices and increase of damaged beyond repair items. Regardless, these are still great deals and there is no place else like it in town.
4	I have alwasy been a huge fan of Nordstrom Rack but Last Chance is on a whoooole new level of bargain shopping. Great deals and designers but you have to be willing to dig to find the great stuff.
2	Uh, no.  Sorry.  This place is so unkempt, unruly, and generally disastrous. I've been here twice (I gave it a second chance, which was the...uh...Last Chance) and -- no-go.  The place is dirty, not to mention I wouldn't want to buy any of the shoes I've seen here. Pretty much the same thing with the clothes. Hit up Goodwill instead, or any other thrift shop in PHX. It would be better than this.
1	Horrible experience there today with my adult daughter who was visiting me from Philly. Store employees were about to put out purses and there was an anxious line of people waiting to be "let loose" per their protocol. The crowd was guarded by several security guards, I saw another lady take a picture of the extraordinary scene and thought I would do that to. Suddenly, I was severely reprimanded by one of the guards and quickly moved away --THERE IS NO SIGN POSTED THAT THIS WAS PROHIBITED. As I stood away from the area simply sending a text, the guard came up to me and told me he was kicking me out of the store since he told me not to do that anymore, though I was texting and not taking a photo.  But he would not let me speak, NOR HAND THE SHOES I WAS HOLDING FOR MY DAUGHTER FOR HER PURCHASE back to her. It was rude and unfair to not give the shoes back to my daughter----she had nothing to do with my actions. Was he punishing her for something? Ridiculous and not at all in accordance with the way Nordstrom treats its customers. Very bad customer service on the part of the employees, whom my daughter tried to reason with. Not only that, he went around the store repeating the incident to various Last Chance employees for a half hour after that as witnessed by w my daughter, who was patiently waiting for the shoes to be put back out. HOW RUDE. I am going to spread the word....
4	I wish this place was in Orange County...I'd visit at least once a week.  My holy grail is to find a Chanel here, but until then, I can only dream.  It's funny how I heard about this place.  My mom told me that her client visits Last Chance whenever she's in Arizona.  As fate may have it, now I'm dating someone from Arizona. Last Chance is where all the Nordstrom Rack stuff that can't sell comes in or stuff that is damaged needs to be sold.  I was shocked to find out how very cheap some stuff is here.  Of course, they have special days with additional discounts, but the stuff here is already deeply discounted.  From what I remember, they had boxes and boxes of designer bags, albeit damaged in some way: broken zipper, rips, stains, etc.  Expect it to be crowded on weekends, I'd recommend going on a weekday.  The parking lot is always packed!  They have security here and for good reason.  When a worker brings out new merchandise in the shoe area, in a gray trashbin, they are accompanied by  security guards and it's also cordoned off with caution tape.  Every time new merchandise comes in, the worker needs protection, but God only knows what will happen if there wasn't any.  Safety is priority..who wants to get trampled on? Not me, nor the people who work here.  I've seen women get into verbal fights and grabbing.  Watch your carts because you never know.I've found some gems like an Andrew Marc coat, missing the belt, for only $30, retail $695; Treesje purse $90, retail +500!  The best deals, in my opinion, are the purses and the shoes.  Racks and racks of shoes, most of them have been refurbished with two drill holes on the bottom.  They are perfectly fine, but if you don't mind that, you can get real steals.  Also, it's worth noting, that there are limits on how many items in each section you can buy per day.  Perhaps to perturb those people who want to sell on eBay, etc.  All in all, hit and miss, but the hunt is what makes me come back.
4	I like this store, mostly for the people watching! I went in there yesterday just for a couple of camisole tanks, who can resist for 1.97 each. I get mad at the people who hoard items to resell on eBay...drives me crazy! I have found a bunch of resellers on eBay. They all live close by Phoenix, obviously and every item they have listed is either torn up and said to have been a "display" item or is new and selling for close to retail. All of the items have that black mark through the tag which we all know is Last Chance merchandise. Oh, and the shoes have the hole through the sole, another great identifiable mark of the bargain store.
4	Look. There's nothing to say about this place that hasn't already been said. The reviews of Last Chance seem to fall into two camps: 1, it's gross and disgusting or 2, it's an amazing wonderland of designer bargains. I know this is hard to grasp, but it's BOTH. You'll feel the griminess as soon as you descend into the basement. As you come down the stairs or escalator, you'll be greeted by tables of, usually, the least appealing wares: grubby women's shoes in sizes 11 and up! little boys' backpacks (missing at least one strap). Sometimes, though, it'll be "Tank tops for .99!" You still need to be choosy--some of the tank tops are pilly and cheap; others are really nice Ella Moss jersey.I always go straight to the shoes. I'm a size 10, and there are frequently sales for my size. Half of the wares have clearly been worn by women participating in one of those 3-day breast cancer walks and then returned. But among the grody shoes, you just might find a pair of Dsquared boots in mint condition. I'm telling you, it's hit or miss. Mostly miss, but the hits make up for it.Always inspect everything you buy really carefully. If it's got makeup stains or really bad holes, you might skip it. But if it's missing a button? Get with the program, people. You can sew on a button. You can probably even replace a zipper. Zippers cost like $3, it'll take you 20 minutes, and if that means you get a designer dress for 7.99, you're still ahead of the game.
4	Yes, there's one realistic review of LC here, then the wide ranging ones, so I'll just tell you some of my deals: Men's AG Jeans with the original labels: $30 ($160 MSRP); new Santorini slip ons $70 ($400 MSRP); new Tommy Bahama silk shirts $20 ($120 MSRP)'nuff said!
3	If you're willing to brave the crowds and pore through racks and racks of clothing and shoes to find a good quality item, this is your place.  You can get a good deal, and I got some nice tank tops for $2 each, but for me, Last Chance is a once in a while shopping experience due to crowds and time needed to find something good.
2	I used to absolutely love going to this Last Chance, oh say about 6-7 years ago when I was in high school. It had great quality stuff, was reasonably stocked, and, while ALWAYS crowded, the people shopping and working were pleasant and helpful. No pushing, no rude behavior, none of that. I used to get great dresses and shoes from here...No more. I went to this Last Chance about a month ago to go shopping with my boyfriend, who needed nice dress shirts for work. I walked out with a lost faith in humanity, and a strong desire to gouge my eyes out. I'm not kidding. I will NOT shop here again unless bribed with a considerable amount of Yogurtology (across the street!)Okay so my problem with LS now is... well, everything. We went around 11 AM on a Thursday, which is a reasonable time, I would think... no. It is incredibly crowded, stuffed full of rude customers.Several times, while I was physically looking through a rack of shirts, women would push INTO me to push me out of the way and grab something they saw. This happened so many times, I gave up on looking (probably their goal.)No one was there to help us in the dressing rooms, so the BF just walked in... don't know if this is policy??Most sizes were way too big (he's an average/popular size), so we left with exactly two dress shirts.Seven years ago, it was fun to go shopping at LS and you walked out with some incredible finds. I don't think you can find anything like that nowadays-- it's been overrun with people probably trying to re-sell online (I mean seriously-- this one older woman had SEVEN pairs of the same color/size/style jeans?? Really??)Two stars because I didn't check the women's shoe department which, hope against hope, is still decent. And for the fact that the BF was able to find 2 decent shirts.
4	Hit or miss.  Be prepared to dig.  A lot of items are more or less refurbished.  I didn't have the patience to go through the clothing racks.  But somehow both my best friend and I ended up with 5 pairs of heels each...prices goes as follows...vera wang flats $49Michael kors boots $30Cole haan boots $50enzos at $19 a pop...& morewhat a steal!  if you have small feet 6.5 and under shoes are additional 35% off!There were tons of uggs for toddlers.  Toms that were devoured in 2 seconds.  A few pairs of tory burch ballet flats here and there.  but the condition was crap.  But i do believe at the time they had a huge selection of tory burch in size 9 and 10.I will definitely be returning to stock up on heels.
5	People actually travel to phoenix just to shop at last chance... for us Phoneticians, we have the luxury of visiting as often as we want! Every nordstroms and nordstroms rack in the country filters into last chance located right in your backyard.This is the ultimate bargain shopping much better value than just about anywhere else you might even imagine. $200 shoes ($30-$40), $100 shirts ($10 - $20), $300 jackets ($40 - $60), $250 pants - jeans ($30 - $40), $100-$150 pants - jeans ($10 - $20) - be careful not to spend your entire paycheck here.If you show up at opening expect a crowd - be sure not to push, shove, run (yes, people actually do this here) or you might be "asked" to leave for the day. Shopping here is a sporting event. While the prices here are awesome, buyer be ware. Make sure to thoroughly check and try on everything you're planning to buy. There's a no return policy and everything in there was either a returned item or something that didn't sell at nordstroms or nordstroms rack.
1	Very disappointed we drove 500 miles just to shop here, and it's the worst shopping trip I ever had. Most of their stuff especially handbags are in really bad shape most of them are damage and it's only 20% off from the retail price. I'm not going back here again not worth it.
3	This place is definitely hit or miss and it's not for the faint of heart. If you come, bring some hand sanitizer and tell your husband to bring a book. Because you will dig through bins of stuff and try on shoes that are more Well-worn than you'd see in any other store. They're not supposed to be used technically but some have definitely been returned according to nordstrom's regular and generous return policy I.e. sole scuffed, Leather scuffed, insides sweated in a bit. Gross right? All that said you can find good things here if you look hard and know your name brands. I find that sometimes the people who work here dont know what they're tagging and just give it a low price tag unwittingly. I found Joe's jean leggings on the active workout rack for $4.95 originally $80. And if you're willing to get something and show it some TLC then you'll be fine. Otherwise I'd say go to Nordstrom rack, pay the extra dollars for a stress-free shopping experience.
2	I needed a dress for a costume party and I thought Last Chance would be a great place to get a cheap-o dress...and it was! But, not without a few issues...So, little naive me wandered down to Last Chance five minutes before they opened thinking I could just hang out and play some Words With Friends until a nice sales associate unlocked the door for me. No way, Jose! There were about 50 - 70 middle aged eager shoppers crammed up ready for the doors to open! This is like Black Friday!! EVERY DAY! THIS IS INSANE!! I almost turned around and headed over to Marshall's. But like a champ, I stuck with it. Its madness. After the doors open - women run towards boxes of purses and dig, dig, dig through them.  Then they run over to the shoes and grab every pair of Tom's they see (even though they aren't in their size). They let their children run around and play Hide N Seek in the clothes racks. They don't pick up anything either. This place quickly turned on an unkempt mess in 20 minutes. It was one of the most stressful shopping experiences I have ever had. But I did get the perfect dress, in a good brand, for $13 :)
1	Just thinking about venturing into this tornado of chaos makes my skin crawl.Imagine dirty sneakers that have been hanging by their laces on a telephone wire for many seasons.  Finally after much wear and tear, the laces break and they fall into a mud puddle - only to be run over moments later by a garbage truck with slimy tires.  It is at this very second that the people who run Last Chance spot them and whisk them off to a store shelf where they become part of the massive pile of broken, worn out and disgusting crap that people fight, push and line up for hours to buy.Don't get me wrong... Nothing thrills me more than a good bargain hunt - Finding that diamond in the rough!  Still, I think with my all my heart this place is a total waste of time.  (Gross to the highest degree!!!)Oh and remember, it's your "Last Chance" to buy this stuff before it spontaneously combusts, so no refunds or exchanges!
5	i love this place...found a 1,600$ Marc Jacob bag for 400! in amazing condition!! i don't like the way they have the purse in bins because they all rub together and cause more damage but hey what do you expect and the people are crazy when the staff brings stuff out pushing and shoving aren't allowed but it does happen! they also have ammmaaaazzziiinnngggg shoes here i got some tory burch flats for 80 that are regular 300! i was shocked and happy they had a little scuff in the back but nothing any would notice also picked up chole perfume and some scarfs for winter a great place just be carful not to go over board they have limits on everything ie..purses shoes and blazers....other than the crowds and crazy women great place!!!!
3	Ok so here is the truth from the horses mouth. Nordstoms has, in my opinion, an overly leniant policy on returns and exchanges. Which may seem like a good thing but it' not when it's abused. I was speaking to a woman who works at a Nordstroms and was shopping at Last Chance to apply her employee discount to the heavily marked down merchandise. She explained that a large amount if not the majority of the things you will find are returns and exchanges. So finding something that isn't used and worn especially in the shoe and handbag section is pretty hard. the price is the same for the item regardless of the condition. For example, Vera Wang flats are $70 regardless of how scuffed they are, if they are missing the little rhinstones on the front of one of them, ets, or if you are lucky enough to find them new.
1	I've been to this place twice to say I gave it a chance.......big mistake!  The items that are being sold is stuff I literately would not even give to a homeless person in need.  The shoes are the MOST DISGUSTING thing ever!!!!!! Seriously who would want to pay $30 to $80 for a pair of raggedy, old, dirty & scary looking shoes?  Almost everything in that store is used and somehow people manage fight over an item that is less than perfect.......IT'S A ZOO!  Security will tell you to please step back so the staff can bring out more items and they specify the rules to you, if you are caught fighting, shoving, pulling stuff out of peoples hands or reaching over people, you will be escorted out of the store, people still do all of it. This place is seriously a joke.  I did however find really cute 7 for all mankind jeans with tags for $29.97 but the lines for fitting room and checkout were way too long.  I would rather spend $80-$90 for them at Rack, Last Call or Off 5th Ave.  I personally never pay full price for my name brand merchandise because there are a million places you can buy them from brand new at a much lower cost without having to experience shopping at it's worst like you do at LAST CHANCE!
3	Get ready to throw some elbows and dig through bargain bins.  Last Chance is the "last stop" for all Nordstom merchandise before it goes to the...wait, where does all that leftover merchandise go?  Who knows.  If you have the patience to stomach this place, by all means go.  I picked up a few tank tops for $1.97 and my friend found a James Perse shirt for $3.  So, there ARE deals to be had--mostly on women's jeans, sleepwear, handbags, and shoes.
2	Back in the mid-Nineties, studio-apartment-dwelling, student-loan-burdened me would come here and get great deals on things like Ecco shoes, Kenneth Cole shirts, fashionable jeans, and other things I never could have afforded new from Nordstrom's. Sometimes the condition was questionable, but the price always reflected that. I wore out several pairs of high-line shoes purchased here for $11-$12. Those days are long gone. Now, can't find a pair of shoes here for less than $30. The clothes are picked over. And mainly, going there is an opportunity for me to  bump into the future ex-Mrs. Bill B., or perhaps the exit strategy from the current prospective Mrs. Bill B. Because If you're looking for young or not-quite-so-young-anymore shoppers in 5-inch heels, miniskirts and too much make-up, this is a great place to find them.Just don't offer to buy them shoes. Anymore. These days.
2	If you are the kind of person who likes pushing people out of the way to get to a shirt or if Black Friday is your Superbowl, then this is the store for you.Generally depending on what time and day you go, it may or may not be insanely busy. For some reason I always show up when there are not so many people. You can find some good deals here if you look but the merchandise if always changing and that is not always the case. The shoe section is what grosses me out half of the time I go here because at least at a thrift store they throw out shoes that are extensively worn, smelly and stained. Here they will sell them to you in the name of it being a high end brand. I saw these tennis shoes that were worn with mud and I thought that someone had taken off their shoes and left them there and shoplifted some other ones, but they were selling them!I usually do not like shopping because I do not like people to get too close to me and I do not like children suddenly darting in front of me or scaring me by popping their face out of a clothing rack. To say it ineloquently, people will be all up in your grill here. Seriously there is chaos at this store to be had. Be sure not to trip down those stairs.
4	Bust out your boxing gloves because you're about to get into a fight. I'm joking, don't fight because people actually get kicked out.  Still, thank God I'm a guy because the woman's area is a gladiator ring meets the jungle.  The guy's side is a just a busy New York side walk.   The place is always swarming with people, so stop midday during the week.  The men's selection is really hit or miss.  I found a few worthy shirts, only to find two of them coffee stained and inked.     Don't be discouraged when there's a 5 person wait for the men's dressing room, followed by a 10-20 person deep check out line.  The line moves. Bring your low expectations and work ethic and you'll eventually come out a winner.
3	I showed up here today and it was actually not busy. I was weirded out and approached the handbag section with caution, waiting for the crowd of insane women to appear. I tentatively picked up what appeared to be a Kate Spade bag that had been mauled by a bear (retail price: $200, Last Chance price: $100). I clutched the purse carefully, looked around nervously, and cringed, ready for the blow of the fist of a jealous shopper and....nothing happened! Eureka! Shop on your lunch breaks ladies because Tuesday afternoons around 1 pm are perfectly peaceful in Last Chance. I know it's not the "new stuff" day but emerging from the battle without injury, even if the pickings seem a little extra picked-over, is worth it to me! No stress! No long lines for the dressing rooms! Showing your naked booty to less people in the communal dressing rooms!
4	Based on reviews I was expecting to use some rugby and NYC living skills to stay safe. I was there on a Saturday at 5 PM - 7 PM which was entirely to long for me, (but that's what happens when you are hijacked by shopaholics) and it was not bad at all. Other customers were actually helpful! Security guards roam the store in case things get out of hand. The shoes and some clothes were well worn, but I picked up a pair of fossil sunglasses for $4 and only somewhat used black nine west heels for $20 so I can't complain too much. I hear the key is to find a good tailor to use in conjunction with purchases. The store upstairs is really inexpensive as well but self control in necessary to prevent leaving with a hooker ensamble.
2	Disappointed. Went yesterday with my son for the first time. Started in the shoe section. Within a few minutes I had been shoved twice. Wow. Manners people.  I did find a Michael Kors shrug for a great price but I will probably not go back.
5	My family and I have been shopping here since 1993. We are usually there from two to five hours a couple times a year.  I would not suggest going shopping when they have a sale because of the crowds and the huge line. It is usually not as crowded during lunchtime and in the evenings. No doubt it is disgusting, BUT they have great prices that cannot be beat at Nordstrom! I bought a $300 Trina Turk purse for $70! Pretty sweet, don't you think?
4	Oh sweet Lord in Heaven, Last Chance is a crazy place. If you are like me, one of the freaks that arrives 10 minutes before opening and stands there waiting for the gate, you know you can find some pretty awesome deals. Yes it's a "resale" place, but there's plenty of new stuff too.Here's the life cycle: Nordstrom: Theory  Wool Sweater - $285, sale $199, Nordstrom Rack - sale $99,Last Chance - $19, sale $5.00The bottom line, this place is HIT or MISS, don't come with something too specific in mind. You can not Return ANYTHING so make sure you go over your finds with a fine tooth comb and inspect every inch, if you discover a rip once you get home, you are stuck with it. Don't expect much from the mens department, don't assume you are going to find that Marc Jacobs bag for $20, go to the bathroom first (upstairs in the little mall lobby area), be willing to dig and rifle through racks. Overall the thrill is in the hunt, and if you like super bargain shopping, this is your cup of tea.
4	I stepped into this place once when I heard a co-worker talking about it. It's practically across the street from where I work so I decided to head over one day and as soon as I stepped in I knew I had found a permanent shopping location.This place is hectic at the best of times. Do not go there if you can't stand crowds or long lines or if you're not dedicated to hunting through the racks for something decent. It's crowded and the line for the women's dressing room can get long (especially if you're self-conscious like me and don't want to change in the small open area in the dressing room). You really have to be dedicated to hunting through racks to try to find something and then when you DO find something make sure to look over it carefully as there is a no return policy. There have been many times when I found something I liked only to see a rip or stain and have to put it back. But it's worth it when you can dig out a gem! It's probably easier to find things when they've just opened the store but I always go after work and I've managed to come away with some great finds. The bag section is always being pawed over by people you know who are resellers on ebay so I rarely bother there but you HAVE to check out the shoes! Oh sure if you're a common size like I am it's time to really get down and dig but there are some great things waiting to be found in there. Brand new Toms for $15? Yes please! Poetic License shoes with not a mark to be found one them for $20? You betcha! It's easy to get discouraged here because a lot of shoes will look worn or scuffed up but I always do a careful look over the area because things tend to be hidden in the mess that the shoe section turns into.So bottom line is come here if you're willing to deal with loads of people and have the patience to dig around and know that some days you might just leave empty handed but some days you can walk out with a grin on your face and a bargain in your hands.
4	Love.This place can be a little crazy, what w/ having to search for things and the crazy people that sometimes shop here.Overall, if you have the determination, time, and patience you can find some really great stuff here.Psst! Tuesdays= 1/2 off all shoes (except boots and Uggs)
3	I had some people recommend me to this place and friends that I know live there have never been.  What the heck!  I came here on a Saturday, and I heard load day is Monday?  If that's the came, I came on the wrong day because everything in there sucked.  Yea I didn't know things in there were mostly used, but we totally got that vibe when we walked in.  Everything looked dirty.  My friend and I couldn't believe how expensive some shoes were and they looked ugly and really worn out.  I tried to like something in the store, but found nothing.  Maybe I"ll try coming back on a Monday...
4	Our family has been going here for 20 years.  We started in the previous located in southwest Phoenix.  It used to be a well kept secret  Not any more!!  However, there are still great bargains if you are patient and not too picky.  Most of the items were purchased by someone from Nordstrom and returned.  The average item is discounted 80% to 90% from the original price.  Best time to go is at opening on Saturday morning where every day is like Black Friday with hundreds of people in line.  The other good times are mid week.  The inventory gets depleted on Saturday and Sunday and it takes until mid week to build back up.I get all my dress shirts, pol shirts, suits and shoes from there.  The quality can be great.  You have to be careful about tears and marks on the clothes.  They do NOT accept returns for anything.  Buyer Beware!  But, it is still a great place to shop!Update: Not as much fun as it used to be.  Harder to find bargains in the men's department.
4	they had a nice section of plus sized dresses when I went in there this time...yea!  this place is fun to shop at and definitely not a secret to the die-hard shoppers here in the valley.  Be ready to fight for a parking spot in the lot or park around on the side with the library.
5	I LOVE this place. I am an avid shopper and especially a bargain shopper. It can definately be crazy but if you're in for the thrill of the hunt and the moment you find that one awesome steal, you'll love this place. I don't even go with anything solid in my mind that I want to buy but I always find killer stuff. Yes, there are a lot of things in poor condition, but there are great things to be found here. Even some of the broken items are worthwhile, for instance I found a Juicy Couture necklace, originally retailing for $298 for $29.97 and all that was wrong was one chain needed to be attached to the loop it fell off of. It took a pair of pliers and 2 minutes of my time. I rarely shop anywhere else anymore since I have found such great things there, and I've turned my good friend into a monster for this place too. Although I will NEVER push and shove like some of these crazy b*itches do. That is the one downfall of this place.
4	A coworker who goes to Phoenix often recommend this place especially since I love to shop. This is for serious shoppers who are patient and willing to search high and low for a particular size and style. This is a Nordstrom clearance store that includes returned and overstocked items. The experience is like going to a Nordstrom Rack and a thrift store. Although it can be a little cluttered in some areas, it's relatively organized since sizes are true to what the rack or shelf says.  You have to look through the clothing and accessories for stains, scratches, and amount of wear and tear. That part can be frustrating. I could have left with Marc Jacobs bag, Michael Kors jacket, and Jimmy Choo shoes. However, they were not in near perfect condition. After an hour of browsing, I bought $50 Cole Haan blush pumps and a $20 rain coat. Overall, the prices are great with over 50% off retail price.  You can tell who are the serious Last Chancers with their cart full of great finds. The cashier mentioned that people line up at 8:00 am, and the store doesn't open until 10:00 am. My coworker mentioned they probably resell their purchases, and people even fight over certain items.
5	I have been going to Last Chance since I was a teenager.  It is a pretty awesome store.  You just have to be patience when you are there.  The people can be really crazy, if you go when they open.  They shirts prices are $2.95-$9.95 and Jeans prices are $9.95-$100.00. I always buy my jeans at Last Chance. :)  If you are ever in Phoenix you should head over to Last Chance.
5	How could you NOT like this place?? Oh wait!  I know!! If you have a whole lot of money to spend on thousand dollar purses, thousand dollar shoes and still are able to pay your bills, give plenty to charity and have enough left over for your child's college and inheritance, then hey, you don't need this place. (But even so, if you're wise, you would shop here despite how prosperous you are!!)  In any case...I love it and it has amazing deals on shoes, great shoes, boots, purses and other items.  I mainly buy my shoes and purses here.  I havea  weakness for Coach, Betsey Johnson and even Chloe purses, so this is the only retail place I can find them to fit my budget.  (uuuuuhhhhh....exception...the Chloe bag...I just can't bring myself to purchase this one even at the discounted price of $500.)Give it a shot yourself, it's fun and exciting.
4	It's like Black Friday...EVERYDAY!  Visiting Phoenix, I had to check this place out, as I heard it can be an experience...and an experience it was!  So this place is your last chance items from Nordstrom, then Nordstrom Rack, then it goes here...Last Chance!  We were told to go early so you don't miss out on the best items.  Our group of girls got there about 30 mins early, and people were already waiting outside!  What was pretty cool was that they had some clothes and shoes outside the store so you're not just waiting around completely bored and anxious to get in.Finally, when the doors opened it was a mad stampede into the store.  People running to their areas of choice, and there was a little pushing and shoving.  I wanted boots, but got distracted by handbags.  Well I didn't care for any of the handbags, so I moved on.  Needless to say I left the place with 6 pairs of shoes, and spent only $150!   That averages out to about $25 a shoe!  Included in my buy were Cole Haan, Steve Madden, Sam Edelman, Jessica Simpson and more.  I was too exhausted to check out much more...but I was quite happy!  Will I come again?  Most definitely!  It takes some energy, but it was fun.  Just some advice, just make sure to fully inspect your item.  Look for tears, makeup stains, knicks, etc.  Also be safe, no bargain is worth fist fighting for or getting hurt over.  (Belated) YELP REVIEW CHALLENGE #30/31
5	Last Chance is the place to shop for fashion on a budget----it's a ton of  name brand items returned from premium stores at unbelievable discounts. Sometimes there are masses of people but--you can always come home with something awesome---if your eyes are pealed. It's nice to have a couple key items in the wardrobe. Research the styles and brands that suit your aesthetic and happy hunting :)
3	The deals are magnificent... IF you get there early and really spend the time digging, searching and inspecting items!SHOES:The selection is fantastic. When I went, there was an extra 30-35% off sale on all shoes (I believe the larger sizes were an additional 75% off - size 10+ - great value if you wear this size).All the shoes have two light indents on the soles to prevent returns. You also need to thoroughly inspect the shoes to make sure they are new and in good condition. As other reviewers mentioned, there are some shoes that are dirty, obviously worn, etc.There are some hardcore shoppers here who will stalk your stockpile after you've spent the time looking for the goodies (just a little annoying).(1) Stuart Weitzman Flats - paid ~$30 ($350 in stores)(2) Hunter Rainboots (Green) - paid ~$30 ($135 in stores)(3) Jessica Simpson Nude Pumps - paid $12(4) Nine West Black Pumps - paid $12(5) Me Too Flats - paid $12(6) Ivanka Trump Wedges - paid $9(7) Camel Boots - paid $20HANGBAGS:Many of the handbags have some type of defect (e.g. broken straps, missing pieces, etc.) However, if you get there early when the stock is full, you can pick up some great deals.(1) Tory Burch 'Penelope' Envelope Crossbody Bag for $80 ($475 in stores). It was missing the strap, but I wear it as a clutch.(2) Rebecca Minkoff Mini M.A.C. in pale yellow with no visible defects for $80 ($195 in stores).CLOTHES:I found this section to be too overwhelming. Lots of basic looking sweaters for a great deal right now. Selection wasn't anything special.Coats and jackets were either dirty or outdated.Overall, great value. Worth going when you're in the mood to shop.
1	Eeeewwww.Eeeewwww. Super gross. Why would I EVER subject my body to wearing clothing or shoes that have been kicked around several times and are, essentially, in their final resting place?!Do yourself a favor.....pay full price at a moderately priced store instead of this joke of a flea market. The labels may not say "high fashion runway" when purchased at the local mall stores, but they are decidedly more sanitary than the threads lining this dungeon.
2	One reviewer said it best, "It's like Black Friday...EVERYDAY!"This place was a chaotic mess when I was there, but I have a feeling it's always in a state of chaos. That said, it's worth going and having the experience while at the same time finding some good stuff at cheap prices. The shoes and purses where in the worst shape-- holes, pen marks, tears, etc. But the dresses and tops were bountiful to choose from -- lots of designer choices too. I tried on a ton of stuff but only left with a casual dress and tank top. This would be a good place to take in chunks... dresses one day, shoes another.
5	Amazing deals can't wait to go back a must if you are in the area the selection changes everyday. What kind of deals example $300 to $400 rings for $5.00! That was the special when my sister and i went : ) You will never be disappointed. Great place to do Christmas shopping.
4	This has been one of my favorite store to come in phx. I have been coming in for years but now that I live in phx it is so hard to not try and stop by each week. It is the type of store you have to dig for good finds and also fight for something you see sometimes. Not literally fight but keep a good eye out. The store does not tolerate pushing, shoving, or aggressive shopping. You will be escorted out if you do any of these things as well as the items you have collected will not be able to be purchased by you. Keep an eye out for stains, holes, or any flaws in your items because they will be on some stuff.
2	Great place to find designer brands if you dont mind getting run over by aggresive shoppers. Also if you dont mind securities constantly yelling at you and telling you how to shop.  Yeah, they not yelling at you but yelling at your direction. you cant help it if youre in crowd shopping, minding your own business but the person next you  shop like its gonna ran out.
3	A very hectic place to shop, but there are nice items at rock bottom prices. Beware though, ALL SALES ARE FINAL, so check items for damage or imperfections before buying. Also, the shoppers are a bit aggressive here so shopping is a bit of an exhausting exercise at this store.
4	Awesome
3	this is where happiness goes to die. most of the customers are not very fashionable and buy ugly clothes so the better clothing are leftover
3	Last Chance is hit or miss, but you really need to give everything a once over. Definitely go on a slow day (if it even exists), but beware of pushy bargain shoppers. There are people who go in large groups to purchase all the latest trends, just to resell on e-bay to make a few bucks, and if you have something they want, they will follow you around and ask you questions. I've found a pair of hudson jeans for $15 and a pair of $300 boots for $40. There are good deals to be found, you just need a lot of patience and to keep an open mind.  Also, parking near the storefront is a nightmare!
4	Great stuff if you can deal with the mess and the crowds. Got some Ferragamo shoes for $40. No returns, no cell phone coverage, and no idea what you will find. Just be sure to double check all items before buying.
2	This place is more for the ladies than the fellas. The one thing that is really upsetting is the people who work inside that enjoy their positions just a little bit too much. They kick interrupt your shopping so that they may restock the shelves. Then when you dont move quick enough for them they become extremely rude. It is not that serious people.
4	Great store for clothes and shoes... if you are a bargain shopper that doesn't mind scouring the racks. You may have to look for a while, they have a huge selection of clothes and shoes. Their accessories are totally lacking, if not cheap. Stay clear. Definitely should be one of your "drop in" shops.
4	I love their shoe size selection and dresses, but so do a lot of other people, and that puts me into a love-hate relationship with this store. This is bargain basement shopping--really. It's actually in a basement. And like any bargain basement, this place can be a zoo. Sometimes while navigating other customers, I second guess my choice to come here, but then I dig my heels in, scour the shelves, score a  really great deal and leave happy--albeit a bit worn out.The bottom line for me: Seek and you shall usually find a good piece at an unbeatable price.
4	Though I never walk out with a find, I still love coming here every once in a long while to participate in the chaos. I clearly have not trained enough to shop here. I always miss the best picks. Evidence has it when I'm admiring all the piles of great stuff others' have in their baskets already. I'm not sure there is really a good time to come here. It's always super busy, even on weekdays. If you have time (and you will need time), I've learned the best strategy is to follow the store replenishing crew around so you can be first in line when the fresh inventory is laid out. You'll notice there will be mini-lines forming throughout the store and sections that are temporarily closed for the crew to restock. Competing against the pros will be tough but be strong and find those Choos you've been looking for (at a great price).
2	This place is not good as you thought.lots of stuff are bad conditions. looks like used.clothes everywhere on the floor.bags looks like its been a year sitting there.the woman dress selection & the size does not match,it really hard for you to find a good stuff. the clothes just looks like Ross's clothes.I was there 3 hours.just found one pants for my dad.nothing else...what a waste time !!!!
4	You realllly need to be in the mood to shop here. Don't bring little kids, don't bring large bags, don't wear uncomfortable or heavy clothes and shoes. This is Olympic style shopping. It's very entertaining to be here when they open or restock. The poor employees give the best canned, dry speeches, but they mean business! I am sure the employees have some amazing stories to tell because I have never seen grown women act more like animals.
5	This store has become a must each time I come to visit my mom in Phoenix.  If you are looking for a peaceful shopping experience with outfits displayed to help, this store is not for you. But if you love rummaging and the rush when you find an amazing dress, and perhaps the Black Friday rush, then I highly reccomend this place.I have found amazing deals at this store! Some of the items are used, some lightly used, and some are brand new. I have found the following at the store:A number of dresses originally priced at $150+ for $12 eachNanette Lepore dress in perfect condition originally priced at $298 for $30Enzo boots originally priced at $150 for $30Halogen wallet in perfect condition for $25AND SO MUCH MORE! (Keep in mind I have only been 3 times and already found great things. I walk out each time with something to be proud of)Tips: prepare to spend an hour or two there, don't bring kids or elderly people that have trouble getting around, watch your cart (some people steal items from envy), and prepare to wait in dressing room line (they also have mirrors in room where people can see you if you don't want to wait for an actual room).Highly suggest trying things on since all is non-returnable.Good luck!
5	I live in California and my wife and I are considering flying to Phoenix just to go to Last Chance. If you don't mind searching through somewhat organized potentially used items for high end fashion, you'll love this place. Below are a few items I was lucky enough to find.Canali dress shirt $20 Canli tie $5Burberry tie, two of them, $19.95 eachHugo Boss dress shirt $15Adriano Goldschmeid Jeans $29Basically awesome deals. I love Nordstrom Rack and I love Thrift Stores, Last Chance is basically if Nordstrom Rack and Goodwill had a baby.
4	Last chance is a great store if you love bargains. I went here last summer and got lots of great outfits. Some things didn't fit but its okay. This store is huge with shoes, clothes, etc. The only downfall was how the dressing room was open. No privacy. But it's a great place to shop if you love cheap designer things.
5	Best thing about az!! Discount designer. Lots of parking and a great shoe collection. A must visit az! Nordy brands
5	From southern cali and we only have nordstrom rack there. This place is like the last of the bargains possible. This is a must do when I come to az. Came here yesterday spend 450 on shoes and today another 450. Good gracious me. Its okay its once every 2 or 3 years. You can get good deals on clothes but you have to dig. The shoes you better grab them and then tey them on later. The ladies here can be vicious shoppers digging into your cart so be aware. You must try to go here if your in the area.
2	ehhh.. I've gotten a few things here on occasion. Spanx are only around 7 bucks, my husband has found some pretty cool shoes for around 40, I got a dress there the other day. Their children's selection is not very good at all. If you're way in to plastering brands all over yourself so you can look like you spent a lot of money, then hey, this might be your paradise. I'm just not that in to it. Although, we do go here on occasion right before they open on Saturday morning, stand at the top, and watch the herd push inside. (no, that's not my husband making the mooing noises...) It's crazy what people will do for some discount Juicy.
1	I'm not averse to secondhand designer items and love a good bargain, even if it means repairing the bag myself because of the condition - but this place is insulting. The biggest flaw is that the items are priced solely on designer, not on condition. Therefore you have scummy, filthy Jimmy Choo shoes that wouldn't even sell for $20 on ebay selling at $99 at a minimum. Soiled, scuffed Blahnkis with the toe curled up from use for even more. Marc Jacobs Stam bags in different sizes and colours, all scuffed with broken clasps, missing chain straps and ripped for $500...thats a LOT of money to spend on something so broken and pathetic looking especially since if you're savvy enough you can get an authentic one on ebay or a consignment shop for less (as I did, at $400 less than Last Chance's ridiculous prices). But the worst item I saw was a beaten up Jimmy Choo bag with sellotape holding up the handles because of how used it was...at $600. Extortionate. I'm sure you could find clean items like $40 Jessica Simpson shoes if you looked but I don't really consider that a bargain when you could go to the Zara sale and get a chicer, cheaper pair of shoes.also, the random items chucked into multiple bins between the isles...disgusting. People literally forage like animals for filthy rubbish. Just in terms of people going here looking for high end designer items, I'd rather save up and get one or two nice things than subject myself to the stress and disappointment of picking through the overpriced, broken and used stuff here. By comparison, Jeremy's in SF does used designer items so much better.
5	Hold my purse, it's about to get real!!I went to Phoenix with my suitcase 3/4 full, and I went back with to Cali with it overflowing with clothes. Last Chance may have been the reason why there is also a small crack in my hardshell suitcase now... even so, I would do it again!!The haul:- Black Leather Seychelle wedges for $20 (that I were to death at work to this day!)- Black Leather Steve Madden heels for $2- Dark Grey Calvin Klein Blazer for $20- Black Colosseum MCMXCII jacket for $20 (also another staple)- Floral lacey tank top for $8 (adorable! and matches the jacket)This place is a like a bargain shopper's paradise. If you have the time and the patience to hunt for clothes (&I love rummaging through sale sections), you will find treasures here. One of my co-workers bought a fitted Cole Haan leather jacket for $60. The place is pretty organized (similar to a Marshall's), although it's not as "clean" as a Nordstorm Rack. They do have a pretty great selection of almost everything though.  I would definitely caution you to inspect your clothes carefully - some of these clothes have definitely been through a lot of wear and tear (from shipping or people trying them on).  I went during work hours on a week day so it wasn't super crowded - I have heard that it can be crowded on the weekends.
3	I am changing my former 5 stars to 3 stars. Last Chance is just not cutting it for me anymore. After 12 years of being a Last Chance hardcore, my participation in savage "Hunger Games" style clothing wars has come to an end.I got tired. I got tired of being on edge (crack like feeling) when a rack of new jeans squeaked by. I got tired of not trusting anyone and having to hound my finds as if they were a vital body organ. I got tired of digging through mountains of crap to find one semi damaged item that bore the coveted name on the tag that NO one will ever see anyhow. I got tired of seeing humanity at it's worst (especially Christmas season... Boy do I have stories). I got tired of fearing losing control over my emotions and getting banned from Last Chance. Simply put, I got tired. Or maybe I just got old.I am 26 now and I realized shopping is suppose to be fun. It is a leisure activity in the fashion area. Fashion is how we express ourselves (or feel comfortable in what we cover our naked bodies with). I do not care what brand I wear anymore, it's pointless to me. Here are a few revelations I have experienced since my Last Chance days:-Purses are overpriced bags. Wallets are overpriced little bags that go into the big bag. A bag is a bag. Cotton or pleather is not worth $600.00 in order to carry less than $50 dollars worth of s* in. -No one truly cares/notices if your jeans are retail priced at $150.00. Unless the guy is VERY into women's fashion.-If you base yourself on brands you cannot afford, skip the madness and buy a self help book instead.-A t shirt is a t shirt. The silkscreen design on it is not worth an additional $45.00. -Most of the stuff at Last Chance is damaged. Save yourself the the agony and just buy a lower priced similar item and a discount store like Marshalls.-No brand is worth the mental torture.-Happiness comes from being you. -Saving is a virtue. Most of us have a closet with multiple changes of clothes, do we really NEED more?-A plane ticket and hotel stay in a foreign place is invaluable to life. A $250.00 bill at Last Chance high may only last a few hours to a few days.-The addiction to brands is kind of creepy when you really think about it...-True fashion has soul. Soul has no price tag.-If I have to impress people by an accessory I am wearing, then I have no desire to be associated with a person like that. Grow up. My worth is in my heart and mind homie ;)I still might hit up Last Chance once in a blue moon. I am not as persistent as I once was. I would recommend it to anyone and by no means mean to bash it or the Last Chance shoppers. I am simply posting an update on my feelings on this place.PS. SOOOO many people know about Last Chance now and it is always crowded. I have a hard time finding deals now and often leave empty handed. Good luck folks.
3	I went in the evening time, not to packed and people were not pushing or shoving. I purchased a nice leather steven madden purse for $49, it was only missing a strap. Great deal! Any shoe size 10 & up were 50% off, so I bought 3 pairs of shoes. A nice Calvin Klein dress for $29.00, nice colors. After I left the store, looked at my nice pair of Franco Sarto, the shoes looked like a pair. But sorry to say, the bottom of the shoe had different soles. It's was an experience. The store has SO MANY purses, you really to look! Some had missing strapes, one handle.. Some of the bags were priced to high esp the Marc Jacobs ( I would rather go to the Nordstrom Rack or Nordstrom)The Line was very short, just the dressing rooms were a little long. Other than that, if I decide to go again it will be in a few years. LOL!
2	It takes a special kind of person to be successful here. I am not that person. It is a place where you have to search and search for a couple of gems. This is not a "The Rack" kind of shopping but it requires the ability to sift through chaos. I can't. People were too intense. Not my style.
5	To understand why I gave Last Chance 5 stars, you have to understand what Last Chance is. They send returns from Nordstroms (and Rack locations) to this single location in Phoenix. Since Nordstroms has a very generous return policy, they get a ton of things returned--which end up here. This location is designed solely to liquidate inventory. It has no frills of any kind and the merchandise is completely random and ever changing. Therefore I am not basing my judgement on whether the staff is helpful or if the store is clean but only on whether I get a good deal or not. In my experience, I have gotten amazing deals on all sorts of clothes and shoes. I have had especially good luck finding amazingly priced, like new shoes shoes (i.e. 75% or more off). Since the inventory is all returns, some things are not in the best condition, but the items that are not in an acceptable condition represent a small minority in my experience. The best advice I can offer for this place is: plan to make multiple visits and don't have your heart set on something specific. Instead, know what kind of "style" you like and looks good on you and look for things that fit that image.
1	Going into Second Chance, you should be made aware of a few things to set your expectations. First, anticipate a very large crowd and an even longer line. Second, expect to do some serious digging in order to find the deals. Lastly, don't expect much in the men's section of the store.It was seriously a mad-house walking into Second Chance at 11am on a Saturday. Imagine Black Friday at a Best Buy or a Walmart. The shoppers had more excess energy I would expect out of a kid who just ate an entire box of Fruit Loops. I enjoy my personal space and really had none of that as they scurried around and got in my way as I mazed through the store.The line to check out was looped throughout the entire floor layout. It's tough to put a wait to it since I gave up and left, but I would guess at least an hour. I would hope there would be some kind of payoff at the end other than a cart full of clothes. Maybe a good carnival ride?I'll fully admit that this rating is a little biased. I had been warned of some of these things, but had been told that the deals can be found through some hard work and borderline PI work. I unfortunately am of the wrong gender and therefore only had a small section, at most a tenth of the store targeted to my buying habits. I had trouble finding any clothes that suited my tastes and then when I walked to the shoe section, I was shocked. Every pair seemed as though they had been worn for a year. Have you been to the shoe section in a thrift store? Something like that. No offense to anyone interested in buying a second-hand pair of shoes; it just seemed strange to be in a retail store with items that were so heavily used.I left disappointed and a little frusterated. Had there been some hidden gems in the men's section, it might have been worth the wait and fending off the rabid crowd.
3	You better have your game face on and be ready to shop aggressively when you roll up in this piece. Otherwise, prepare to get trampled on and straight bullied for that fierce pair of designer shoes or handbag at an additional 5o% off. Lets be honest, this is not a shopping experience for the timid or meek. If you can muster up the energy to shuffle through hoards of almost new and extremely worn shoes and clothes, then you could potentially score some great deals; truly it's all about timing. Recently, I left out with three pairs of sandals all marked down an additional 50% off, a red utility crop jacket for $12.00 and two shirts at 50% off $5.97 a piece. The customer service is terrible, as the employees hold the world record for the worst attitudes ever! If you can handle crowds and crowds of shoppers willing to trample over you for a pair of shoes and deal with nasty attitudes then you may find Last Chance to be worth your wild!
4	Dig dig dig for deals! Usually hit and miss, but regardless, love coming by here when I am in town.  There could be surprise sales... just all about timing.  Make sure you keep your items close to you before someone tries to shop your cart. :P  It does get crowded, so be sure to maneuver through the aisles well.  If you are on a time limit, my recommended block of time to feel focused and dig deep in one or two sections is 90 minutes.  This past weekend for me, it was a rushed 45 minutes through shoes and bags alone with a brush over through women's tops - I felt like I didn't appreciate it as much as I could have.  Overall, hidden gems in this big pile of stuff!
3	Wish they had this back in California but sadly, they don't! So let me break it down for you. I wish I could give this a 3 and a half stars but I can't!It starts off as Nordstrom, then it's passed down to Nordstrom Rack.. and their last option is this. LAST CHANCE BARGAIN & APPAREL store which happens to be this one. I do have my major pros and cons about this store.GREAT DEALS AND GREAT FINDS!! But unfortunately, I was not able to find my size in a lot of dresses and shoes! Most were too big for me which sucked.. but if you are willing to shop, this definitely a store is a store to shop 'til you drop. Got dizzy in here but if you are willing to dig dig for what you want, you'll most likely get it!!I enjoyed the brand names dresses and handbags. I found myself a cute Michael Kors wallet for about $25! It was brand new too even through all the hardships of being under all of the other wallets!!Brand Name dresses were beautiful - it somewhat reminded me of prom dresses and most dresses were too long, but it doesn't hurt to go alter it to wear to an event or a wedding! I found many brand name dresses that would range to about $200-300 but found many that were only for $13!!! =) Good finds!On the down side, since it's been passed down to various stores and who even knows where it even goes - don't be surprised if you found holes and rips in any clothing, socks, or even shoes! Don't be surprised if those wallets are dirty and you see black stains and dust on those jeans you just found! So be prepared! Always double or even triple check on any of those apparels you buy from there because you might even come home one day wearing a shirt and raising your arms up noticing there is a hole in your armpits!!!
4	Brought a pair of black mezlan suede shoes for 39.00! Truly a bang for the buck kind of place! This is a shoe "Mecca"
3	I am a fan of the deals you can get here, all that digging is so satisfying when you get designer items and you manage to find something that is either not damaged or something you can repair. That being said dealing with the other people makes me dislike people more than working at McDonald's in high school. They have security guards who will kick you out if you are not following the rules when they put out new items, I have seen people steal items out of other people's carts ect. This place is so not my cup of tea but there are definately great deals to be had if you like people more than I apparently do.
5	My SO and I love this store. He found a number of shoes for so cheap that when we went to the Rack afterwards he was shocked at the prices. And this is coming from a guy who previously and still only shops there. I was able to score a number of gowns for $13!!!! Some of the most comfy heels for $18! If we are ever back in town we will be back but something has I be done about the regulars who take all the best stuff to re-sell them. Be prepared to spend hours here! Also a note to management, I was so shocked at the purse bins. With the pulling and tugging to pull them out they are being ruined and thus decreasing the amount of money you will get for them. I was soo sad to see so many amazing purses including my favorite the Marc Jacobs Stam in such terrible condition. If this is a business isn't the goal to maximize profits? If so than I don't understand why this isn't being addressed
1	At first I was super excited that we moved across the street from this place. After actually going there I became not so excited anymore. This place is a zoo. Women pushing around like crazed animals let out of a cage. 99% of the clothes and shoes and purses I looked at were defective in some way. I'm sure you can score a deal here but you have to be completely insane to stand in that line wasting your life for some shirt that has been dragged to this store for its "last chance". Go to Marshall's next door instead.
4	Don't come here looking for anything specific or you'll probably be disappointed because it's a mess. You've got to have patience and scour over the racks because things are usually scattered outside of their designated areas. Yes, people here are crazy. Just get in there and join the crowd. Maybe you'll get lucky and find a great deal. Makes for good people watching.
5	This will be the best AND the worst store you've ever shopped in.  The reason I have to give it 5 stars is due to my overall success at finding amazing stuff.  I will elaborate:When you walk in, you will find 200 crazy men and woman digging in bins, stepping around piles of shoes, standing in a long checkout line, and/or a security guard yelling to a mob of crazy people trying to a new stash of merchandise they've just put out.  It seems extremely overwhelming, and it can be depending on the day and time as well as your ability to elbow people.  There are days that I walk around for hours and only find ripped, dirty, broken, old, and disgusting items in my size.  I'm amazed that they are even allowed to sell some of this stuff!!  But there are also days when I walk out of there with 5 pairs of shoes, 10 cute tanks, a brand new Michael Kors purse, a pair of sunglasses, and 3 skirts.  You honestly never know what you will find, but I find SOMETHING I love 2 out of 3 times visiting.  I've scored some amazing deals, and have even seen the exact things I bought at Macy's or Neiman Marcos for triple the price the same week!  I once saw a pair of Guess heels I purchased for $29 at Macy's for $99, a brand new pair of Uggs I purchased for $59 at Neiman Marcus an hour later for $250, and a leather Michael Kors purse that I purchased for $79 at Nordstrom a week later for $218.  It's really hard to hate this place when you find deals like that!!!
5	this place is a treasure land.i spend no less than 5-6 hours a time when i stop by here.you really have to be OK with searching and rummaging through piles of torn and dirty items to find some really solid items.i always walk out of here with amazing designer items for super great prices.i'm a fan! this is a fun, fun shopping experience!
1	Disgusting Don't expect customer service. Don't expect employees to stop their personal conversations with each other.Don't expect employees to look you in the eye as you are paying for an item. Don't expect employees to have manners, not even the most basic manners.Do expect to have employees ignore you as you are paying for an item at the register.Expect employees to stand in an isle yelling rules that will never pertain to a self respecting customer.Going to Last Chance would be less painful if the employees had an ounce of class.  Buying a used $600 purse is already a cockamamie idea. But to have the sales person be outright rude to you as you pay for that bag or any other item for that manner is just beyond ridiculous. Used crap is clearly worth much less than new merchandise. Last Chance should be so lucky to accept money for the used crap people return to Nordstrom. After my terrible experience at Last Chance I would rather save my money and deal with polite and classy sales people to purchase necessary items at a higher price.Nordstrom, I am very disappointed in you. Your employees should provide the same level of customer service at all locations that represent the Nordstrom name.
5	Last chance... the only bargain basement you will ever go to and see women with high end louis vuittons + chanel bags digging for cheap finds. A couple reasons why I love last chance: $2.00 basic tee shirts and tanks.Last time I was there I scored 3 north face jackets for $30.00 each. Shoe selection is great, sometimes if you are extra lucky your shoe size might be going for an additional 50%.. this happened to me once.. and I walked out with 12 pairs of shoes. High end Jeans/Slacks/Trousers are normally in the $20.00 - $30.00 range. You can find odds and ends such as towels, decoration, blankets, sunglasses for really cheap if you have the patience to dig. $30 leather boots! A couple reasons why I hate last chance. Anxiety level goes up when women trample over me, and plot to steal from my cart.Men's section is sparse,The line to the private changing room is painfully long, (if you are uncomfortable changing in their open changing area.) Make sure to wear a tank top and leggings so you can easily try on blouses/jackets and or shorts.. in the middle of the store.Many items are badly damaged, (holes, rips, stains) so everything you buy must be examined very very carefully. Bag selection there is pretty terrible, prices are very high for Last Chance's standards, and bags are often broken, in bad shape, or need repairs. I often skip this sectionClothing/Items are regularly "dropped in" by the staff, during this time sections are "guarded" by security, and no one is allowed in that section until the staff has put all the new items into the section and has safely walked away. Security is very strict and almost mean, if you happen to even look greedy, as if you are plotting to get a particular good first.. security can kick you out so please be mindful of that.
2	I haven't decided if it's a requirement to hate your life in order to work at Last Chance, or if working at Last Chance makes you hate your life.  Either way, the employees need to get a grip.  They're very aggressive with the customers. You're guarding a shoe row in a dingy liquidation store, not the Buckingham palace. Don't come here looking for something specific - you'll never find it.  Don't come here looking for something new or in perfect condition - it doesn't exist.  If you're short on time, run far away.  Last Chance takes multiple hours to conquer, and a whole extra hour to get through the check out line.  Don't even bother with the dressing room - it takes about 20 minutes to get in, and then it's gym shower style.  It's all open changing with select curtained rooms you can wait about 15 minutes longer for.   Ultimately you can find good deals, but there's going to be some kind of defect with the merchandise.   Used, missing a button or embellishment, broken zipper, stained, missing parts, etc.  Beware of mismatched and mislabeled shoes.   I bought a pair of flats here labeled size 9 on their Last Chance tag.  One was an 8 and the other was an 8.5.  They do not offer refunds, exchanges or returns, so be sure to check over your purchases carefully before paying. Usually after I check out, I go sit on the stairs and make sure nothing has a security tag on it.  I've gotten home with tags more than once, and it's always a pain to go back!    DO EXPECT:Dirty, used, and broken items.Rude shoppersRuder employees Hidden gemsAggressive Hunger Games style competition Long linesDON'T EXPECT:Good serviceNew/perfect items Finding something specificA fitting room with a door NEED TO BRING:Hand sanitizerElbowsEnglish to Spanish dictionary to communicate with the cashier Your game face
1	I've lived in the Valley for years and everyone raved about the pricing and the great bargains to be found here. I won't be on that bandwagon. This was not our destination, but since we were in the area, we stopped by.  Wow! What a disaster this store was. Too many people rummaging through a huge bin of underwear for a bargain is not my ideas of how to spend an afternoon. I'd rather pay full price than have this experience again. I only saw dated merchandise and banged up purses. Some of the wallets were nice. I was tempted for a moment, until I saw the lines. I won't be shopping here any time soon. Off to the mall I go!
5	You are either born for this store or not. You cannot train yourself into liking this store. Things you should know1. Crowded2. Don't bring a stroller. Yes, we strapped on our baby & carried her around3. The workers are serious when they are restocking and people do wait until they are done4. Check your treasures i.e. snags, stains, missing buttons etc5. No returns whatsoever6. Big parking lot but parking sucks still7. Come early so you can comb through the racksThings we foundJimmy Choo slighty worn but could pass as 1 time use $99Uggs $59.99 but wrong Ugg Stickers (like one is gold and the other is black)Tory Burch Flats (not new) $59Top Shop Dress $39.95Free Runners men $40Jack Purcell $20Steve Madden Heels brand new $18.99Marc Jacobs bag $59 but missing clasp..marc jacobs..not marc by marc jacobsMarc by Marc jacobs glasses $19.99Overall, it was a pretty fun experience cause I'm that type of person who loves a deal and will buy things just cause it's inexpensive
2	This trip wasn't as bad. Minus the heard of children ripping tags off things, collecting them, and throwing them on the floor. Again, while parents pay no regard to what their gremlins are doing
4	When I lived in Scottsdale sometimes after work to let off some steam I would come here instead of the gym. It's hard to describe why its so satisfying digging through beat up Marc Jacobs and Chloe bags looking for one that's worth buying, but it is!! There are some items you need to bring when you come here though:-hand sanitizer, you will smell like a dirty shoe afterwards -your b*tch face, you might need this when someone won't move out of your way in the shoe aisle- stink eye, you need this for the same reason as above. Why would someone go here you may ask? Because if you find something worth buying the discounts are amazing and you have a cool story to tell someone when they ask where you got your bag. Also do not come here looking for a certain item because you will never find it, have an open mind and spend $10 on designer shoes you would never pay full price for:)
5	I convinced my bf to take a weekend trip a couple weeks ago and we found so much stuff!!!!!I came home with: 2 pairs of Steve Madden wedges $15 each Steve Madden boots $10 (1/2 off all boots when i was there) Dolce Vita wedges $15Rainbows $103 Longchamp purses around $30 each Tory Burch sandles $40Michael kors watch $40 James Perse blouse $6 Burberry pajama bottoms $10 and my favorite finds were: 2 pairs of classic Jimmy Choos $100 each 1 pair of bow Valentinos!!!!! $100 I had a lot of fun and want to try and go once a year. I went at opening everyday but I don't think that really got me anything that I wouldn't have gotten otherwise. I was hoping for a pair of toms but those were snatched up really quickly. I almost saw a fight break out over a pair of Revas. I went with pretty low expectations and left very, very happy.
4	Clearly this is a bargain hunter's paradise. You really need to be one of those people who love cheap deals and are seriously (SERIOUSLY!) willing to work for it. I usually come home with great scores. My biggest guilty pleasure are finding shoes and sweaters. Sweaters, you say? Yes, I'm a sweater hoarder. This last trip, I came home with two pairs of new boots, in time for winter, for $30 each. A cute Kensie going-out-on-a-date dress for $12. A few scarves for $5 and leggings for $0.99 a pop. The negatives about this place are:- Long lines for the dressing room. There is a 10 item limit. - Place is pretty packed because everyone and their moms is trying to score those same cheap deals. - You have to watch your basket because people will try to jack your stuff from it and "claim" that they thought the basket didn't belong to anyone. - Narrow isle ways and everyone is running over your toes. And, why do people insist pulling their shopping carts through the narrow shoe isles?- Parents who aren't paying attention to their kids because they're too busy shopping. Last Chance is not a playground!- There's a lot of used stuff. So finding brand new items are a challenge.Despite the negatives, I love shopping here. Spending less means I can buy more. Yes, I realize I may have a problem. =PI prefer to not go during the weekends where arguments are almost likely to happen. The parking totally sucks at this shopping center, during peak hours, so it's best to get there early.
1	I went here yesterday to look at shoes. Right after I started looking in my size, an employee starts roping off the area and rudely tells me that they are closing the area to restock- at 4:30pm! I move to the other area with my size, and a minute later she comes into that area and says the same thing. I have no idea how long it takes them to "re-stock" in the middle of the day, but they didn't seem in a hurry. I get better deals and friendlier service at Goodwill.
2	This place use to be my go toFavorite bargain store however things have changed. Word got out and the eBay sellers have taken over this place. They are crazy!!! Trying to compete with them is impossible as they clearly are "friends" with those that work in the store in order to get first dibs. Last time I was there one of the eBay sellers had brought the store employees lunch, I mean come on where are your morals? I'd rather pay full price at Nordstrom.
4	While I usually hate shopping in places like this (I try my best to avoid crazy, cut-throat environments) I have to admit, this place wasn't nearly as awful as I thought it would be. Found a really cute blazer there. If you can find something that isn't damaged (I noticed quite a few things had holes or snags in them) it's definitely worth the price!Just make sure to wear a helmet and mouth guard!
3	Every day is Black Friday at Last Chance... if you love bargain hunting and don't mind digging through the flea market-like mess and dealing with rude, cut-throat shoppers, it's great. My experience here has been pretty hit or miss. Lots of cheap merchandise, but also a lot of gross and damaged items - shoes with gum and/or stains on them that are so worn, it looks like they were worn for years, chewed up by a dog, and returned. It blows my mind that people return things that are in such horrible condition. And that Nordstrom takes them back. Don't forget your hand sanitizer! Items are marked at a defined price regardless of their condition - a pair of Tory Burch flats will be $69 whether they are brand new, or look like something that has been partially digested by the family pet. Shoppers are super aggressive. When they are putting out new merchandise, areas are roped off and hoards of bargain hungry shoppers anxiously await, while you hear "do not run or push when we take down the ropes or you will be asked to leave." Yeah... it's that kind of place. If you're a patient shopper and you're not looking for anything specific, you can find some great deals. I've found some beautiful designer shoes and dresses at very steep discounts. I do like bragging about my $100+ shoes that I got for $18. Tip: Go when you're not in a rush. Make sure you have a full stomach and an empty bladder.
3	I've shopped at Last Chance on and off over the years, and it's not a half bad place. I think it's a bit overrated, and usually don't score a lot of items when I'm here. I came here last night to look for some winter shoes, and the selection and prices are okay, but store can be messy and disorganized at that times.
3	This crazy place makes me feel like I'm going to have a panic attack but when I see how excited my daughter and son-in-law are to find designer shoes, handbags and clothes for affordable prices - I just shut up and hold their place in line.
5	The shopping can be compared to shopping at Ross, TJ Max or Marshall's, but it is worth every second of it. You can get amazing deals if you don't mind digging. I always go here whenever I get a chance and make it a group event with my girlfriends!
1	This is the worse place ever.  First time shoppers beware , if you don't know the routine.  If you are standing in the wrong place the security guards scream at you. "You can't stand there, you need to get in line". Get in line for what?  I'm looking in a bin with shoes, I don't want to get in some line for something.  Some items look like they were run over by a truck and are for sale.  Yuck.  No bargain is worth it, to me, to put up with the rude security personel.
1	Does Last Chance need another review? Yes. This store used to be my all time FAVORITE store. I got some of the best buys on designer jewelry, clothing, shoes, towels, glassware, make up........ This store used to carry all the Nordstrom online returns. and many of the returns from Nordstrom's. Now those returns, if they are not damaged are going to the RACK. Last Chance is getting all the damaged goods. And boy are those goods damaged:(And the prices have gone up. VINCE dresses used to sell for $19.97. Now they sell for $49.97 and they have holes and/or stains. I saw a pair of designer shoes for $99.97. They forgot to take the RACK clearance sticker ($39.99) off. Brought it to the attention of an employee and she said that's our store's selling price for designer shoes.Last Chance also does not run weekly specials like they were famous for. You may still find that needle in a haystack bargain, but you probably have a better chance being struck by lightening.
3	I just don't get the appeal of this place! I hadn't been here in over 3 years and upon entering I remembered why it had been so long. Yes, the clothing is cheap. Yes, you may find some good deals. However, I don't like getting my feet stepped on just to save a few dollars. Another thing, all sales are final which means people are going to want to try on their clothing before they leave, with that being said why aren't their more dressing rooms? I'm not going to wait 30 minutes to try on clothes! A lot of the shoes were VERY worn, which is not cool. I did score a couple of pants and shirts but my nerves were very shot about time I left.
3	This place is for the serious shopper but you can still find bargains especially in the mens shirts, pants, and shoes but you have to know the brands and review all of the garments for tears, discoloring,etc.   It is a fun journey for those whom like an adventure.
1	So overwhelming.  Waited like a caged animal with the rest of the crowd waiting for the gates to open.  I came out the other side empty handed.  I can see why people love this place but if you are picky about clothes, this may nto be the place for you.  For a great bargain, I highly recommend My Sisters Closet!
1	It's not "Last Chance"; it's "No Chance."  There is a difference between distressed merchandise and merchandise that needs to be destroyed or donated  in the interest of sanitation. I was told that I shouldn't go to Phoenix unless I visited Last Chance, so I did.  Never ever ever again.  Yuck. Nordstrom should be embarrassed at trying to sell merchandise for outlandish prices that Goodwill or a garage sale would  turn their nose down at.  I'm ashamed of the people who return badly used items and of the retailer who advertises a principle of unlimited returns, but then tries to recoup its losses by selling shoddy crap to those who no know better.   We all came home and washed our hands. Ugh.
1	I am a man and went for shoes. Boy oh boy what a grand cluster-f**k. Dirty old shoes with price tags of $29.99. Ill stick to garage sales
5	I had visited Phoenix many times for work before I discovered this place and was disappointed I hadn't found it sooner. This place is like shopping heaven for a bargain shopper (like me), but not for the weak of heart... You definitely need to be prepared for what is in store for you when you arrive.  Things are loosely organized by category, but expect to dig for things! Every trip is a hit or miss--you have to be lucky to find something good, but if you do, it's completely worth the trip.
5	If you have patience, and you enjoy an amazing bargain. THEN THIS IS YOUR PLACE.  I have never enjoyed (nor been more tired) shopping more. My closet has had a MASSIVE makeover for a few thousand (seems like a lot, but I have St. Johns, Choos, Bhlaniks, Lanvin, Givenchy, Valentino...often with tags).I will miss it, when I move in a few weeks to NYC.
5	Best place to pick up 12 dollar dress. The key with this place is patience.  I believe you have look through the whole to find that hidden gem. So if your patience you can find so good stuff.  Second hint, try every thing on and give everything a good look over before buying it. There are no refunds or exchanges.
3	I love this shopping store. It is the best thing I have ever been to. I mean I am from California and they don't have stores like this. If you don't mind searching for good quality products with lower price, then this is the place for you. However, I don't recommend this place if you are impatient, because it is a hot mess in here. I gave them three stars because of the amazing price and the great designer clothes. The store is starting to get a lot of reject items and more damaged goods. The used leather bags are  really ugly and are way over priced. Some of these people don't know what designer clothes and products are. I mean the people that shop here look like they were dressed by a blind man with one hand. You think people who shop at a place like this would actually learn to dress better.
4	Every time I visit family here in Arizona, I always make time to visit Last Chance. I've been coming here for only a few years, however the prices have gone up. Shoes that were once $40 are now $60. I even found the exact same pair of shoes that I once bought here for double the price of the price I actually paid here! This place can be a hot mess. I mean, yes there are great deals, and yes that sometimes means getting a tad crazy, but sometime people can't hang and just kind of go crazy and can be very rude. However, as I said above, in every case of my visit to AZ, I am sure to make a stop at Last Chance. Even though prices have gone up, there are still some amazing finds!P.S. Make sure to chug water in the car before you get in so you aren't thirsty and a pee break also doubles as a shopping break.
3	I was actually at the Staple's next door, but had seen this place several times before, and was curious enough this time to stop in, not knowing at all what to expect.I was here in the early afternoon, and it was plenty busy, but nothing like the megacrowds that others are describing. Probably depends on the time/day.I didn't get a chance to experience the aggressive customer aspect, but most likely because I wasn't shopping in the women's section, and 95% of the other customers were women, who did look a bit frenzied. The 4 or 5 men in the store were, by contrast, subdued.I will have to come back again when I have more time to explore what they have, but to say I was "impressed" with the selection of (men's) shoes would be understating it. It was wingtip heaven in there! And unlike many of the items in this place, most of these shoes were in great condition. The worst thing to have happened to any of them is maybe a missing lace or two, which is an easy fix anyway. I came out with a $30 pair of Maison Forte boots which have no imperfections at all, and were originally $215.00! (I should add that I'm not designer/brand aware at all, so I'm mostly impressed that the shoes are gorgeous, and don't so much care about their brand names).Will definitely come back, even if just for more shoes! :)
4	If you have patience & are a bargain shopper; you can find great deals here. Tips: get there before they open (there will be a crowd), know what you are looking for & target those sections first; be prepared to DIG! Most of the stuff is worn & picked over, but there are great finds mixed in. My purchases today: UGG slippers for $29; JOES Jeans $14.97, Chantelle bra $3.97, Steve Madden's $18.99, Ted Baker Wallet $24; ALDOs & Nikes $29 each! There were also great deals on Marc Jacobs bags for 50-75% off & lots of high end shoes but most were all worn or picked over. The lady in front of me in the check out line scored a GREAT pair of Jimmy Choo black pumps for $99 that were in brand new condition, so you can find some GREAT stuff here you just gotta look. Oh & be sure to grab a cart or bag...YOU WILL NEED IT! You won't buy just one thing. By far the BEST thing in Phoenix, AZ. Happy Shopping! :-)
4	This was a real find - it is not like Nordstrom Rack - which appears to have its own lower-quality merchandise made just for that store (which now seems to outnumber regular stores, which is why I doubt there is that much extra merchandise). This is the only clearance store in the country. You have to hunt around, and some of the stuff you wouldn't buy, but I got a pair of Bruno Magli shoes for 50 bucks (one scratch on the front that polish covered up).
5	Great place to shop. I live in Phoenix area so I come here once every two weeks. Would come more often but my little ones get anxiety here.  I got here 3 pairs of Prada shoes, Valentino purse, Burberry coat, Uggs and a lot more and couldn't be happier with the quality and price. I never come super early, but whenever... They are constantly putting merchandize out so you really don't have to be there in line before store opens. I always spend there at least two hours, just circling around like an eagle lolOf course you will always see that pair of shoes  that's completely salvaged and I too wonder why they put stuff like  that out on the floor. It's pathetic to try and make $99 on the ruined Lanvin flats
3	The pros: Designer clothing/shoes for crazy low prices They are usually well staffed and the checkout line moves quicklyThe cons:Survival of the fittest -- some people get insane in here (watch out in the shoe aisles and handbag bins)You've got to go over your potential purchase with a fine-tooth comb. Some of it is it heavily used and not worth the great discounts
1	Over priced no name brand shoes. Lack of ability to keep store open during business hours. Rude security
4	One of the best places to find name brand and designer bargains! Bring your patience. There's racks and racks of goodies! Be careful, some of the items have been worn, returned, or flawed. TRY ON EVERYTHING!!! All sales are final. You can count on the women's dressing room line to be long. And there I almost always someone here with an attitude problem.Go on the wrong day (erhmmm, like Saturdays) and you're likely to get into an altercation. The women that shop here are VERY aggressive...to the point that the store have to make frequent announcements discouraging such behavior and stating the punishment if catch in the act. I've found a lot of gems here. I've walked out of here on several occasions feeling like I ripped the place off! I found Ralph Lauren dresses for $12, Michael Kors and Vince Camuto shoes - $15, Frye and Cole Haan boots - $40, True Religion and Paige jeans - $39, Gucci bag - $350. If you have a couple of bucks and time on your hands, this is your place.
5	I just discovered this place last week and I couldn't love it more. Though it is quite crowded,  it's worth every squeeze! The staff is super sweet and the deals are surprising in the best interpretation. I can't wait to go again:) delighted customer!
4	I've been here twice. I wasn't impressed the first time, but I had a better experience this time around.I went for the first time in 2010 on a Saturday, and it was absolutely mobbed. It was an overwhelming experience trying to sift through items with crowds of other women on the racks.I tried again tonight (a Wednesday), and liked it a lot better. The lines for the dressing room weren't as long, and I was able to sift at my own pace.Loved the selection! Most of it was in very good condition, but be sure to check for damages, as they don't take returns. I'm a 32DDD bra and managed to find my size! For $4 each!! Busty ladies rejoice.I'm so mad they don't have another store like this anywhere else. I'm moving to New York City in two months, and I'll definitely miss these bargains.
4	I don't often shop at Last Chance but every now and then I would check the place out to see if there's anything worth the buy.  If you like brands and designer bargains than you'll find this place great just cause they have pretty good deals. However, if you don't really care much for that, than this place is not anything special. When I shop here I often look for good deals on shoes just because some of the shoes they sell here are definitely more reasonable to buy. For example, I found Nike shoe that's in real good condition or new that's worth $24 compared to an $80 or more Nike shoe at the actual Nike store. Why pay more? When you can pay less and still get pretty good merchandise. This is also where I get great deals on heels and other casual everyday shoes.  Though, you really do have to look and find the things you want because not all merchandise are either new or in good condition. Sometimes, you'd have to double check because some may have damages or will look old. You really have to have patience to go through the racks and really search the store for great merchandise; possibly dodge a few aggressive shoppers who may find you in their way of shopping. This store is not gonna seem appealing to the eye at first but you'll get use to it and really the sales and and other deals of what they have to offer is something you might want to look into. It's not guaranteed that the moment you walk in this store you'll find something you are looking for.  Sometimes you'll have great luck and end up purchasing awesome stuff of your liking but there will be days when you'll find your self-shopping here and end up empty handed by the time you leave the place. Everyone has different preferences when shopping or buying certain things so it just really depends on the person. The only way you'll know is if you actually go and check the place out yourself. I gave this place a 4 star because I like shopping here. I find good deals and am always happy with what I've purchased so far at least. :D
4	The first time I shopped here, I was a bit disappointed and I only found one pair of boots I liked. They were BP for 30 and like new. I only went for about an hour on Saturday which was a mistake because it was wayyy crowded and the person I went with was not prepared for major shopping. My second time was amazing! I went here with a friend at 3 in the afternoon and spent about 4 hours there. I was able to find 6 pairs of nikes in my size and bought the 3 I liked at only 25$ each!!! They were all almost new or new. I got the new nike free 5.0 tr fit, nike free bionic, and nike free 4.0 flyknit. Everybody was so jealous of our finds!! I picked up a pair of Aqua Tory burches but they were too big so I traded them for teal bow tories(new) Both were only 40$!!! I ended up not getting them to save my money But my friend bought some amazing deals like a pair of Stuart Weizmann booties for 25 (500 originally) and Tory wedges for 25( 350 originally) My friend with size 6.5 feet and me with size 8 would help each other look for shoes and would go in the isles as soon as they restocked to get the good stuff. Also check the orange bins where people put their rejects- I found lots of good stuff there.Lots of good deals if you know where to look. Definitely go when you have lots of time and patience. I love this store recommend it to anyone who loves bargain shopping!!!
3	I came here for the first time with my sis while visiting Phoenix recently. She's a veteran LC shopper, so she knew to go on Tuesdays when they put the new merch out supposedly.We got there about 11:00 am or so and it wasn't too bad, like some of the crowd pics on Yelp- oh my!I did get a "wake -up" call when one of the "guards" started shouting at shoppers to "stand back" and "line up". While they restock, they close down that section and make people line up and then re-admit them. Or they "re-open" and shout: "This section of ladies tops is now 50% off the marked price.. please stay in the line for entry" It gave it a dystopian Soylent-Green kind of atmosphere. Kinda fun, but a little scary.I didn't quite understand the inner workings, but it seems like 90% of the shoppers here are regulars, so they just know what to do. Some of them are like vipers- eyeing the merchandise then pouncing, others rifle through the purse tables like lunatics looking for that bargain of the century, and lots of people literally pile their shopping carts 4 feet high-- just don't get in their way!The store is much smaller than you'd think, but its crammed full o' stuff including mens, womens, housewares, accessories, purses, shoes and sunglasses. Some of the merch is in sad shape, and one thing I did not like was the fact they write the price IN MARKER on the inside of the leather goods. Would you pay 488.00 for a purse that has "488.00" written in the interior in marker? The shoes, in particular, all looked worn to me, although they say the merchandise is brand new it was hard to believe looking at the worn out soles and insides. That being said, many of the ladies who shop here are stylish indeed, and look quite moneyed. Rich stay rich by shopping here perhaps?I would have spent much more time in here, and I really think you need a minimum of 2 hours to do it right, but my 11 year old son was having a major caniption fit asking me every 2 minutes "when are we leaving?" at my elbow. Not the optimum scenario for hard-core bargain hunting.Even under those conditions, I managed to find several cool items: A Halogen wallet (missing the wrist strap) 11.95A woven wool throw, perfect condition and really nice 14.95Joe's Jeans 29.99Nordstrom brand oxford for hubs 9.952 leather belts, 4.95 each3 tops at 50% off 2.95 each!!The things I left behind, but thought were a good deal:Prada metal sunglasses 39.99Paige jeans 39.99For the power-shopper/ bargain hunter, Its worth a check-out for sure.
4	I love watching all of the queens and fashinistas fight when they bring out new jeggings.But those shoes,son!!!check the garment for any defect because you can't return it.I love how hood this place is. The staff. the shoppers. I love a good knife fight, so I LOOOVVVVVEEEEEEEEEE last chance.I really can't say enough about the life and death atmosphere of this place.BROOKS BORTHERS TIES FOR $5.97!Speaking of last chances... Tokyo I'm talking to you.REMEMBER, LAST CHANCE ALSO REFERS TO THE CLIENTELE! Its like watching Golding or Conrad. Reviewer Jason M. Writes amazing retail haikus. YOU HAVE A GIFT!
2	Forget everything you know about Nordstrom when you enter this basement store.  It's a true three ring circus with plenty of ill behaved bargain monkey's. I usually stop in whenever I'm in AZ .  It's gone downhill over the years.  This place is the opposite of shopping a Nordstrom- meaning ZERO customer service!  They threaten to kick people out, I've never seen it happen, but my daughter has.  Probably the worst part of this store is the nasty clientele meaning the Travelers/ Gypsies.  They seem to multiply while in the store, true they marry they're cousins and mass produce like rats.  They push customers, grab items from others and sit in groups where you should be able to try on shoes (they camp in the shoe area like it's there trailer ).  I watched as the HE-SHE  manager who's suppose to be scary told them not to use the shoe area as a lounge, they ignored her completely and continued the non stop talking in whatever language it is they speak.  You can't miss this nasty crew, they look and dress poorly just like you see on the TV shows, lots of neon and slutty outfits which make for a good laugh. Be sure to watch your handbag, zip it up as they are the masters of pick pocketing.  I've never had an issue w/ any of the zoo animal shoppers until the recent x-mas in July sale which featured thousands of Ugg boots, I mean enough uggs for every person in AZ to have a pair.  I was looking for a basic pair for a friend who actually lives in a cold climate.  Just as I was looking for her size they told everyone to back up as they were going to restock (common zoo practice in prep for feeding time).  I backed up as much as I could. Then some fat monkey who wasn't even close to where I was wanted me to move back further, she must have been afraid she wouldn't get a pair of Uggs- seriously!  I told her I had no problem with waiting until they all ran to the bins, I wasn't worried about getting a pair.  She wouldn't let it go... I would have bitch slapped her just to shut her up if I could have, I finally said ENOUGH there's plenty of uggs for everyone- shut your pie hole!  The only thing that shut her up was when they gave the go ahead and she trotted her fat ass to a bin as fast as possible...idiot!  If you like to dig for a bargain then there are some to be found, check items carefully as many are worn or damaged.  The mainly hispanic workers will and do hide items for the customers who pay them off, it's a racket.  My favorite part was when they announced after a few hours that the regulars needed to check out and leave, what the hell?  What store tells customers this?  Of course that announcement was ignored by the so called regulars.  If you can handle dirty basement shopping then this place is worth checking out.  It's very hit and miss.  Enjoy and beware of the circus atmosphere.
4	My family came in from Mexico and they are always looking for deals. This place did not disappoint them. When you walk in to the front look left and you'll see some stairs you have to down to find the entrance. If you go around there will be escalators and an elevator but neither plainly obvious. Once you walk in prepare for pandemonium.  If I was a girl there would be a lot more to choose from so I understand why my wife loves this place so much. Men, not so much unless you're looking for a pair of dress shoes for which there is a good men's selection. Everything is a return or slightly used so the bargains are amazing. Be patient when looking; my aunt spent some time in a aisle and said ladies right next to her we're pulling out things she really liked but hadn't seen. With the same patience, men can put together a nice suit by picking a jacket and looking for a matching pair if pants. Again, patience is needed. This is a high end second hand store that delivers.
1	Dear reviewers reading,Came here today and it was a mess! Nothing to find and there is literally no workers around for help. It was my first time here, I heard the hype about this place and thought why not? I didn't mind waiting with a these people to enter that didn't bother me. What did bother me was how messy and unorganized everything was, and I wonders around for a good 4 times circling the store looking for the dressing room or finding a worker to ask, like I put no one was around. And then I found the dressing room, which was a mess too. Ugh I just went to Marshalls next door a lot more less chaotic and nicer deals. Unless you like spending forever in a store not finding anything then I suggest coming here.
5	Just give Last Chance, a chance, or two!! Last chance has RUINED me!!  Everywhere I look at shoes I can't even bare paying retail price. I just know I can find whatever they are carrying at Nordstrom, Saks or Bloomingdales for 1/0th of the price at Last Chance. My parents live in Phoenix and every time I go down, my mom and I  take at least 2 trips to Last Chance. For someone who loves shoes, Last Chance is HEAVEN!! Very hit or miss, however and I have left the store with nothing! Be prepared for crazy crowds when you head  to Last Chance, and if you go when it opens, it can be pretty chaotic!! Be patient and you shall be rewarded.Best finds - Shoes! You can find great mens and women's shoes here for a fraction of retail price - Purses! You have to pick through and often battle crowds but I have gotten some great bags here, including Marc Jacobs, for under $50. - Scarves- Home goods- they go REALLY fast!
3	I heard a lot of hype regarding Last Chance.  When there is a venue for bargains, I'm the first one who must seek it out.  It's in a small shopping center on Camelback Rd. and when you enter you go down stairs.  How's that for A BARGAIN BASEMENT.  First thing you see is a rack of thousands of the same flowery skirt for $2 bucks.  Mmm. now wondering what I would find inside.  There a huge bins with bras for $3 bucks, undies for $2 bucks. Women rifling through like there is something like a gold bar at the bottom.  They were piling their baskets with tons of bras.  Didn't know anyone would need that many.  Surely would last a lifetime.  Was looking for running shoes and was told by a friend they have great deals on them.  3/4 of the store seemed to be shoes of all styles except I never saw a pair of running shoes in my size anywhere.  I approached a lady who had piles of them in her basket. Asked where she got them and said they were scattered about.  But then she offered me one pair of my size that were the perfect purple jazzy looking Asics that were $24 bucks.  She gave them to me.  It was truly one of God's miracles.  I held on to them while traveling around the store that was packed with hungry and driven women and men.  Went to the active wear and sleep attire.  Packed away was a single dark blue with black dots soft lounge pants I can sleep in when the weather is cool. $3 bucks for them.  Whenever the COOL comes. Maybe in Oct. The rest of the stuff, blouses, pants, skirts, really looked kind of shop worn.  The tops were cute and cheap.  However, most stuff from Nordstrom's Rack and this Last Chance you have to hand wash.  I do not do that.  Not in my agenda.  Husband was unimpressed by the men's dept.  We were told you can find Tommy Bahama shirts that are normally over $100 bucks for $20 none were to be found.  It was a fun experience and don't think I would try it again.  Mostly because I live in Tucson.
3	Great deals but the check out is horrible!  All they do is talk to each other and don't pay attention at all to the customer or what they're doing the girl totaled me out 3times thinking I was done because she was neck deep in a gossip story with her friend
5	Do you like to shop for clothing in a posh, relaxing environment? Do you like peruse in a spacious, pressure-free environment with excellent, attentive customer service? Do you enjoy being greeted with a friendly hello by your polite, respectful fellow patrons?If so, exit Last Chance, hop in your car and drive to Biltmore Fashion Mall on 24th and Camelback, where they'll offer all the comfort and amenities you could desire of a shopping experience.Last chance has none of these qualities. It is a truly repugnant shopping environment. If you have a personal bubble, leave. If you need a customer service representative to provide you suggestions and to put together an outfit for you, this isn't for you. If you have never played a contact sport, or if you believe in the statement "cheaters never win," you probably won't fit in. This is chaos. This anarchy. I love it.I would come here just to enjoy the mosh pit, but the added benefit is that you can find decent deals on clothing and accessories ranging from the bizarre to the extravagant to the torn, dirty and abused. You know that "pre-worn" look? They have it here, and it's actually pre-worn.I love bringing out-of-town guests here, just for the mayhem. A second-hand shopper fanatic friend of mine was in town from Seattle. I brought her to Last Chance and she found a her dream purse - a $4000 Gucci in pristine condition on sale for $900 right down the aisle from a line of abused, torn, second-hand leather jackets that she left on the rack. Where else do you find such an absurd spectrum of clothing? The men's section has less variety but is a great way to get necessities like shorts, tanks and t-shirts on the cheap.A few suggestions for Last Chance:- Embrace the hate. Instead of telling customers not to push, shove or jostle, give them all machetes and switchblades and let them pay the iron price.- Whenever a section opens up, announce it over the intercom by playing Drowning Pool's "Let the Bodies Hit the Floor."- Stop pretending that customer service is a thing here. Give each service rep a pair of leather gloves. Whenever a customer asks a question, authorize them to take off a glove and smack the customer in the face.- Time for a name change. Last Chance? I think "Final Destination" is more appropriate.Even without these changes I'm still giving Last Chance 5 stars, and I'd give more if I could. Notice there are generally two types of reviews here: 5 star people and 1 star people. I submit to you a theory. They aren't reviewing Last Chance, they are rather assessing their own fitness for survival in the wild.Great For: The IronbornNot great for: Saltwives, pampered princelings, or the weak of heart
5	If you have patience and you're willing to dig you will find some amazing goods in this place for the low. I've come here many times and I've found some brand new Naked and Famous denim with the original tags on them, plenty of Ted Baker items, Allen and Edmonds dress shoes, and some clean Nikes. Its best to come here several times and keep an open mind instead of browsing one time and never returning. By the way make sure to take allergy medicine before entering.
5	This place is a gold mine for people with sense of fashion. Can't beat the prices. I got 2 pair of cole haan shoes for $80 total vs. the price $400 I would have paid in the store. You will have to dig a bit and look. But there are some good deals. The store is more of a benefit to women, but they have good shoes for men.
1	This store is a mess and nothing is brand new. Nothing. I felt gross even touching the merchandise. I thought I pay a visit since I'm in town but wow.... I'm surprised Nordstrom took some of these merchandise back.... Some of the stuff were seriously used.....
4	This place is hit or miss (I'm only the millionth person to use this phrase). A few years ago, I would find so much stuff I liked here. Lately, not so much. However, today a friend and I were shopping in the area and stopped here. I found a few nice dresses for a great deal! Pleasantly surprised. Busy as ever -I waited 10 min for a fitting room- but worth it. The employees are nice, despite the crazy chaotic atmosphere. Props to them, the real MVPs. Still don't know why they give paper receipts if you can't return anything...
5	We have been going here for years! This place is fabulous if you love the hunt. My oldest daughter used to work at Nordstrom, so she is great to go with - she knows what to look for. The only thing I like better than the bargains ( and we have had MANY) are the employees. These people are patient and hard working - I have always enjoyed the checkout the most of any trip there. Lovely, lovely people! The gals in the the fitting room are also awesome! ...The customers are the only ones I have ever had any trouble with - and that has been seldom too. You meet cool and diverse people here, generally. Go with an open mind and heart, and enjoy the adventure!
3	You can find some designer steals here.  You come here looking for treasures, but be warned: it's 80% crap.  I have found 2 Wildfox Couture sweaters here for $9.95.  That is crazy good if you know that Wildfox sweaters are in the $100 range.  The shoe area can be gross sometimes.  Most of the items here are obviously returned goods.  Some of the workers are even wearing latex gloves as they fix the shoes.  There are also plenty of used bridal shoes.   Nordstrom takes back anything you want to return to them, which is cool, but leads to a bunch of tacky brides returning their wedding shoes.  On a positive note, the store, although carrying the a somewhat off-putting smell of a thrift shop, is constantly maintained by the employees.  Shoppers are often throwing things around looking for that treasure of a deal.  But the employees are right behind you putting the items back.  I appreciate this and I try not to abuse it.
2	I'm really disappointed in the recent price increase of their designer shoes. Designer shoes used to be $99 and now they are $199. It's hardly a deal anymore:( I really hope management takes the time to read this...and takes into consideration the opinion of a very regular customer. Also, this is a store I would bring all of my friends and out of town company to. You can still find good deals, but not near as good as what it used to be. I find myself just heading over to Nordstrom Rack, bc $199 price tag is something I can find over there.  Corporate...if you read this, PLEASE consider the previous pricing! All the "regulars" I've talked to are very frustrated with the hike in prices. Thanks for listening!
5	Last Chance is;Obviously:Always crowdedSmellyDark, neon lit basementDirtyand gives me anxiety, because people fight over stuff and ignore the salespeople that are trying their darndest to keep that shit together.Un-Obviously:A treasureMy favorite shopping placeThe place I bring family and friends that are in townwhere I get half my clothing and accessoriesWhat I have found there:TOMS galore! Ranging from 9.99 - 28.99 for sandals, flats, and wedges.JOES jeans for $9-29.Maternity clothing for my friend,  $9 for pants!Iphone cases for .97 cents - $2.97Scarves for .97 - $4.97Beanies and gloves for 75 cents - they had Nordstrom tags and an original price of $20.Free People bandeau, $2.97Cufflinks, bow ties, ties, belts and men's underwear for less than $9.99 eachHobo Clutch wallets for $24.97  - Yes, I am the crazy lady that bought the limit of 3, put them in my car and went back to buy 3 more from another cashier. (they were bridesmaids gifts!!)Sperry's for $9.99 - $29.99Hunter Rainboots for $19.99A wedding gown for $5  - I didn't end up wearing to my wedding but was lovely.Flower girl dresses for $6.97 eachSwim suit bottoms for .97 cents - $4.97Socks for .97 a pair - Mens and WomensI CAN KEEP GOING!!! I love this place - Despite it's crazy customers that you have to rub elbows with. God Bless the employees.
2	Personally not a  big fan of this store,I couldn't put my finger on exactly why i didn't think this store was good value for money, or good quality, till I realized that I'm not a brand-conscious buyer. I just buy stuff if it looks good on me, and is comfortable and don't care about the label on it. The stuff here is all big named labels passed down from Nordstrom, and I'm sorry, but I didn't find the prices all that great.Especially not if you can go thrift store shopping and find much better bargains. Maybe the women's department is just much better than the men's and I'm not giving them enough credit.. there's no real men's accessories... would have liked to see some hats or more underwear.
4	The more I come here the more I have fallen in love! Over the years I have found some incredible finds that make the encounters with ridiculously aggressive women worth it. This place isn't for the faint of heart or for the people who just want to therapy shop. It's always so busy and there are women who SWARM the clothes that are freshly put out (we're talking grabbing handfuls of hangers without looking at what they're grabbing). It can be mildly distressing when you are non confrontational but also want a chance at the new stuff. However, I will say that Last Chance has become somewhat of a second home and I can't imagine ever being without it! Yes, it can be gross, and overwhelming, but for me, it's so worth it when you find that purse or pair of jeans for a fraction of the price!
5	They had one here in Miami and miss it so much sad to see I have to go across the country to get great deals. This is the best place to get great designer names for 3x less the retail price. Real bargain basement prices. Miss it so much come back to miami.
4	If you're looking for some dress clothes but you don't want to pay a lot, this is a good place. But you have to be in the mood to search.It always crowded whenever I go and my girlfriend takes foreeeever in there so men be warned!
2	If Nordstrom and Goodwill had a one night stand Last Chance would be the morning after walk of shame. Yes,  you did that but I'm sure they were more attractive when you were intoxicated.  The items for sale here are either returns or defective (or both) that Nordstrom is attempting to make a few bucks on. The plus side is that you might be able to get dresses or suits you will only wear once for a more reasonable price than buying at a higher end store. Like any retail environment some of the staff are friendly, others avoid customer interactions like the plague. The store is very crowded,  dirty and you will likely have a purse or two chucked at your head as rabid bargain hunters lose all sense of humanity. This is absolutely the land of lost manners and questionable smells. This could be a treasure hunt or a total bust. Good luck.
5	This place is dirty! its messy! but it is worth the prices! i got Short Uggs for $50!! and Hunter Rain Boots for 35! I saved $215!! There are always sales over the already marked down price so always wait!
5	This is quite possibly the best place to shop if you like designer brands at a very low price. You will have to search through a lot of beat up items, but if you have the patience you will find many good items. Also, unfortunatly a lot of the ebay sellers buy the best items before anyone else can get them, but there are still a ton of good deals to be found there.
4	I love this place for one reason, the prices. Hopefully in 5 years I won't have to shop in this dump because I will be able to afford the regular prices! The minute I get there I automatically get annoyed, you people there act like animals, it's embarrassing. One more thing, the strollers and your kids, the damn strollers don't belong in here! It's crowded as it is!
3	This place is a train wreck and the bodies are wandering like the walking dead, but meaner. A friend referred us here and said it's Nordstrom's super discounts and you can find some great buys. As the other reviewers have stated if you looking for fancy and inviting, it ain't happening here. After being taken back a bit when I walked in I headed for the shoes. Lots to choose from but this is last chance. They were worn, scuffed and scary. Nope I will not try them on.  So I went to the aisle and looked around and wow! What an amazing and interesting group of people. One guy saying isn't this the greatest I told you so. Hands full of whatever he could hold. Some ladies giving each other the stink eye as they were both after the same purse. No doubt that fights probably break out here. If you find something that does not look somewhat used good for you. But bargains can be found I'm sure. This shear amusement and people watching is worth it. Do I need to go back, probably not. Was it worth stopping yes.
4	This place is always a shit show. It's either a hit or miss with the clothes, shoes and definitely the bras. However, when you find a treasure it's totally worth the chaotic mess you went through for the past hour!!!
2	I had gone here because a good friend of mine said it would be worth it -_-We took a day trip from Las Vegas to visit this store...yes, we drove 5 hours to shop here. Apparently it's supposed to sell hella cheap brand named items. It is best to go RIGHT when they open at 10am. We had arrived a little before noon and most of the stuff was gone. The stuff that was left was not anything I would even consider buying. the only part I did enjoy was the shoe section. They keep bringing out more shoes from the back every 20-30 minutes or so. I found a pair of wedges that I had been eye-ing at Steve Madden for $15!! I also found a pair of Sam Edelman ballet flats that I have been wanting in a long time for $20!! My other friends found shoes from Chinese Laundry, Miu Miu, Tory Burch, and even Ferragamo! The Chinese Laundry shoes were about the same price as mine, but the other higher brand named items were around $50 which is still really good. They even had Uggs, Mahnolos, and whatever you want. These shoes are kinda dirty on the bottom but for the price, it is worth it. They basically come from Nordstrom Rack. These Shoes go from Nordstrom to Nordstrom Rack to here! So they make a journey so it is understandable that they are a little dirty on the bottom. On to clothes! You really have to dig around to find one piece of clothing. Most of the clothes are ripped and torn in random places. I found several items that were cute but had holes and stains in places you shouldnt have stains in haha some of the clothes also seemed to have been stretched like maybe they were returned items. All in all, I would oly come here again to look for shoes not clothes.
4	I recently was in Phoenix for a graduation & as a former Nordstrom employee, I had to visit The Last Chance. It's the stuff of urban legends at the regular Nordstrom stores. The Last Chance did not disappoint. I got $150 Sofft boots for $29.99 and Nike's for $34.99. The clothing section was huge, but I didn't bother trying anything on. Shoes were the best part!I also highly recommend the housewares bin towards the right side near the handbags. You have to get there right when it's restocked, but they have bedding, dishes, & various gift items at a great deal. The only thing I found lacking was the customer service. I understand that the employees don't want to get mobbed like a cheap TV on Black Friday, but there was some serious attitude. Not like the Nordstrom training I received! You also aren't allowed to wait when they are restocking, which I found pretty ridiculous. Everyone is hovering & ready to pounce.
4	Okay okay okay. First off, I am maybe just a tiny bit obsessed with this store. My cheap self cheers with excitement with the thought of designer items at discounted prices. BUT. Sheesh do you have to work for it. Parking is A HOT MESS! You'll spend 10 minutes circling the lot trying to find a spot semi close to the entrance. The warehouse like location is too darn small for all the stuff that comes in!! They really do need to be in a full blown warehouse.All you parents with 10 children, do they really need to accompany you, and sit on the benches that should be used for people like me trying to try on shoes? I want to smack those people. If you can afford a $500 Gucci purse, pay a sitter and keep the kids at home. Seriously. The store is so small and crowded as it is. I cannot be the only one who thinks that way. To avoid tears at home, check every single inch of the item you want to purchase. Some items (mainly shoes/purses) have been worn and could have damage. Triple check the item, as there are NO RETURNS.Thank god they expanded the dressing rooms, the lines move much quicker now. Yeahhhh! Small victory.Overall, heck yes I recommend this place. I have gotten amazing steals on brands such as Dooney & Bourke, Coach, Michael Kors, Kate Spade, and many others. If you have patience, and a minimum of an hour to shop, absolutely come check this place out. You will walk away with a steal.
5	Love this place... I go ever time I am in town!! Great deals if you are willing to put up with some crazy bargain hunters. I have seen some yelling and fighting over products.  The deals are different every day.  Some of the people there know when to be there to get first picks!
4	great selection of designer shoes that i find mostly online. like to come here because of the friendly staff and the sales. and they are local!
4	Such bittersweet feelings about this hellhole (see). First, I hate going here because this place is more gross looking and crowded than Ross or Walmart buuuuuuuut if you search through the rubble, you can find gems. My most successful finds are as follows: two pairs of Sam Edelman boots, both around $30. The second pair of SE ankle boots I just found, I saw at Nordstroms a few days later for $130.00! Score. I also found a nice marc Jacobs wallet there for 36 which I love. The shoe section has great finds and the purses and wallets are hit or miss. I have found several cute sweaters there which would typically run me 30+ but I bought them for 10. They usually have holes in them but since I'm handy I just flip them inside out and stitch them up nicely. Good as new! The things I hate: this place is ridiculously crowded. And often times these people are on their own missions and manners are aside. As in they just push past you which is annoying. I've heard of friends getting in arguments with crazy shoppers there. Secondly, the purse prices..... Some of these marc Jacobs and Kate spade bags have the handles ripped off etc and the bag is still 300.00! Whatever, but I'd never pay that for a damaged bag... Then lastly, I HATE how they write the prices inside the bags WITH PERMANENT MARKER. This is really annoying and ruins the idea of gifting an item or selling it to someone else. PLEASE STOP! Just put sensors and tags like a normal store.If you have a budget and like to get nice things for cheap, go here. Just be ready for chaos Some of my best finds have been from this place but I'm usually not very happy when trying to find them.
4	Love this place! You can find  really good name brands for cheap! They don't have a lot of men's cloths so I was a bit bummed out, on the flip side, lots of women cloths and shoes. It's very disorganized but worth the time to shop for cheap name brands cloths.
3	Simply put, Last Chance is shopping for the purely sadomasochistic. Ohhhh, the pleasure the pain, the pleasure the PAIN! It is half downtrodden Nordstrom Rack, half high-end thrift store and the marriage makes what - a rift store? Buyers beware.There are racks and racks and racks of clothes, rows and rows and rows of shoes, bags, accessories, you name it. You go in, fingers-crossed, hopeful, somehow knowing that somewhere within lies your personal gem, your treasure. That "it" thing you can't live without and that you don't want to pay FULL retail for. You know that if you dig long enough and are patient enough, you will leave exalted, with said prized piece in-hand, having saved 80-90% off of retail store prices! Yippeeeeeee.Let me lay out the scene for you: hundreds of people swarmed like ants, annoying as mosquitos (or worse), in near hysteria trying to get their 5-limit count of Uggs before anyone else does. I saw people with shopping carts, yes shopping carts, filled to the hilt. One with shoes, another with some bargain back-packs. These are the people I love to hate. You know they're going there so they can buy stuff to sell on eBay, while I, on the other hand, miss, ahem, fashion queen, I am there to find my "it" thing. Darnnit. And those annoying eBayers are keeping me from my item! Unlike Nordstrom Rack, you do not have to take your shoe or boot to go find it's better half. Supposedly, they are right there for you. But in my experience, the SUPER cute tan suede Vince Camuto boots in my size (score) in nearly new (used) condition (blah), was missing it's better half (booooooo). I searched and searched and all I could think was, please God, don't let the other boot be in some other chick's cart. Finally, a mom with a baby says, oh, are you looking for the other VC boot? I said, why yes I am and bless her soul, she actually told me where I could find it. Wow. Talk about good deed for the day. Only by the time I got there, another woman had it in her GIGANTIC shoe pile on the floor. So like a creeping jaguar, I snuck down and stole it out from her pile, swooped it into my cart before she could figure out what happened and gleefully ran down the aisle with my find. Oh happy day.On this trip, I bought several pair of boots, several of which retailed for $595 for WAY LESS THAN THAT. Muah-Hahahahahaha. Lucky me. I am the victor. The queen. Goddess shopper of all shoppers. I nearly jog to my car with my goods. And there, free from the crowds, I re-examine my gluttonous purchase in self-congratulatory mode of finding the gold in the dem there hills, only to discover much to my dismay, that one of those pair of beautiful, elegant, rich suede boots, IN MY SIZE, was missing the buckles. Ahhhhhhhh. LOSER after all. And guess what - FINAL SALE, NO returns.So go. Shop your little hearts away. Carefully guard what you put in your basket. Take your time. Bring your patience hat. And carefully examine EVERY SINGLE ITEM for defects! Good luck. Happy shopping.
