5	Dr. Trinh is a great dentist. He is thorough, methodical and is very gentle. The staff is ultra friendly. I just happened to pick this place because it was in my provider list. I sure did get lucky.
5	Elite Dental ROCKS!!!!!!! The staff is TOP NOTCH! Dr. Trinh is the king of the D.D.S. !!!!!! No joke. He is all business. Perfectionist is an understatement. My teeth has never looked better. Drop by before they stop taking patients. I'm a patient for life!!!!!!!!!
5	Elite Dental is hands down the best dentist office I've ever gone to!  Dr. Trinh is fantastic and the staff is phenomenal.  When you speak to the ladies over the phone, their friendliness and professionalism shines through.  When you go in for a visit that same friendliness and professionalism is always how they will greet and treat you.  They make sure they advise you upfront on the costs and expectations of any work you may need.  Jennifer and Rachelle are awesome and the office ambience is very cozy and comfortable, it isn't sterile or medicinal.  Dr. Trinh is gentle with his care always has a smile and a pleasant demeanor.  I have no anxiety going into the office for any type of appointment.  The team at Elite Dental is awesome!
5	Elite Dental IS the very best!  Dr. Trinh, AND staff, are most awesome...in every imaginable way.  When you walk in, first time or not, they always make you feel very comfortable and at ease.  It really doesn't feel like you're seeing the dentist for that dreaded dental work.  There's no anxiety within, and Dr. and staff always have a fantastic demeanor.  They explain any and all details regarding your dental work, as well as any insurance questions you might have.  I can only give them 5 stars here, but they deserve 100 stars...positively!  Elite Dental was recommended to me by a friend, and boy was that a blessing.  I have a dentist for life now, and have no fear of having any type of dental work taken care of.  If you're looking for a new dentist, you need not look any further...Elite Dental all the way!!!  : )
4	Dr. Trinh and Elite Dental was recommended to me from a long time friend.  I needed a dentist after chipping one of my veneers.  I had no problem getting an appointment and the staff was very friendly.  They brought me back on time and immediately took an x-ray of the chipped tooth.Dr. Trinh came in a few minutes later and did a very fast but professional examination.  He explained what we recommended for treatment and a lady from the front desk explained the options.  I had a bit of sticker shock with the prices and of course there was an up sell to a better material for the crown.  I'm still deciding whether to get the work done or get a second opinion.   The material they recommend (E-Max Crown) is an additional $250.  Luckily there is no urgency to get this work done and I'm not in any pain.I do know that I'll be seeing Dr. Trinh at some point in the future as he is great with people who have dental anxiety.
