4	Pretty good for a nail place in a mall :) They did my calluses really well. The reason for a 4 star is because they don't carry a lot of OPI products, which is unfortunate. Also, they said they give a 10 minute massage with each pedicure... I would be lying if I said it was even 5.
1	I came in today for a manicure/pedicure. The pedicure was okay--- the lady who did my nails messed up my big toe nail polish when she was putting on my sandal and tried to cover it up by filling in the crack with polish. It didn't look good and I had to ask her to redo it over again. My manicure was horrible. Upon the drive home, I noticed that the sides of my nails weren't even painted. Also, some of the tips of the nail were unevenly coated/not coated at all. I had to try to match a color when I got home to fix it and became upset. I called back asking for a refund ($15) for the manicure only. The manager refused, despite me threatening to file a dispute. I am now forced to dispute the charge. He offered for me to come back in and have them redone. I was just sitting there for 2 hours and I don't have time to drive back there. Also, I'm leaving for Alaska tomorrow and have other more important things to do (ie. pack, pick up prescriptions, etc.).  I will not be going back, and I will tell my friends to do the same.
3	I stopped in here to get a eyebrow waxing. My wait was just a few minutes so that was nice.  The lady had me sit in a chair and tip my head back. Not a cosmetology chair. But just a regular dining chair or something.                                                         She did use hand sanitizer Thank You Jesus.But everything was just sort of laying around. No hygiene here!   Oh well it was my Choice to go, i like to try new places. But, i would not go back.  Of course i tipped,you should always do that. It is good Karma always!   PS, they want tip in cash only please!!
1	The worst place in life - very unprofessional!  The  nail technician was away fRom the shop,  so I waited for 30 minutes. She consistently asked me to get gel nail polish over acrylic. After I told her repeatedly I'm not interested, she insisted on asking me to get a design on my ring finger.  So when I sAid no thank you, she started adding less acrylic to the brush, ruining my fill-in. I travel around the country where I'm forced to get my nails fIlled at randOm Locations.  THis location makes my top "never again list"
1	Crappy place as I sit here now. Didn't cover tips of nails with polish. I have got my nails done already now have to wait for nail art until someone who can do them is available. Going elsewhere to get pedicure unless I wanna wait again.
1	I came hear just so I can get mani-pedi while I'm waiting for my gift to be engraved at "Things to Remember" store. And this nails salon exactly next to it. Not worth the price. They talk so loud in another language that I don't understand and there's no any relaxing ambiance whatsoever. Price way to expensive, I chose and pay for the spa and what I get is 'super express' mani-pedi  and I still come out with calluses after the service. I should just either get some food or go shopping something else than come back to this place. STAY AWAY!!! These people not interesting to give you the best service, they just want your money. They just want you IN and OUT as soon as possible. I just waste a fortune for nothing over here.
1	There is horrible place, I came for pedicure and they charge too much but didn't massage that long. They tried to make me do expensive pedicure w parapin wax and I saw they reuse the old one that they used for the customer before me. You can get fungus from that, very dirty place too, I refused that and never come back again, waste money and time.
1	Where to start, this nail salon looked fine, enough people were there getting manicures and pedicures, but oh my how appearances can be deceiving. Please please please don't give this horrible establishment your time and money. I went to get a French manicure for my friend's wedding, just a classic with French tip added. The woman who was working with me began by giving me ice cold water. Had me place my hands on a grimy looking towel, and didn't use any cuticle softener. Now all of my fingers are cut up, and painful. Like she gave me hang nails and cut me. The manicure itself was  below average. The woman kept getting up to talk to other workers, and the nail polish she used was so cheap it was flaking off in the car. I've never even written a bad review, but this place deserves it. And the worst part? That was $20 to get a crappy manicure and cut up fingers. This place should be shut down. Horrible experience.
