5	Took the time with my wife to explain everything that was going on, and why he was testing and how all the tests work...Didn't mind that I was in the examination room and acting all worried about the exam. He was there to explain all the ways the eyes function and lose their ability to see over time, and really gave awesome explanations of it all.Was very up front with options about contact lenses and didn't push to get extra work like a contact exam, instead told us to take time and get used to the first pair of glasses and then consider additional options.Also took extra time to ensure that the final prescription was properly done, something we have had other doctors fail to do. Nice to be able to "test drive" the future glasses.Great doctor. Very nice and genuinely COMPASSIONATE which you do not often get in this crazy world of ours.Thank you over and over Dr. Roter for your help. You definitely have us as clients as long as we stay here in Las Vegas, and maybe even if we were to move out of town!
5	My husband and I had a great experience. The office staff is also very professional and friendly. We definitely recommend this office.
5	Had a great experience! Would recommend to anyone, thanks again!
5	I really liked this guy.  I brought my 9 year old stepson in for a new prescription and both he and his office assistant were very personable, knowledgeable, and fast.Being in a Walmart really concerns me.  So much that I refuse to eat at the Subway or McDonalds that is in a Walmart but Dr. Roter is the exception to the rule.  He was very thorough with my stepson and took the time to talk to him and explain everything that he was doing.My vision is fine, but if I ever need an optometrist I am coming here and will definitely return with the kid.  Safe bet for good, swift service.
5	Able to get me right in.  Also they did not try to up sell.  Very quick but also thorough.  So Las Vegas has lots of fancy eye Doc's whats the point just get in and out.  They took my insurance also.
5	Had a great experience! I have horrible vision and dry eye syndrome, and Dr. Roter was very helpful in explaining the photographs of my eyes and recommending ways to help improve my eye health. We weren't sure what to expect from a doctor located in a Walmart, but we were highly impressed and will be coming back for sure. Only possible downside to the whole experience is that while you are in the waiting room, you can hear all the noise coming from Walmart. We didn't care, though. The location was so convenient for us.
5	Fast, friendly, and very professional.
5	Needed an eye exam and new glasses desperately.  Went shopping in Walmart and decided to make an appointment at the vision center.  Got an appointment with Dr. Roter for the same day.  Very thorough eye exam.  Explained everything and made me feel very comfortable.Almost went for a groupon for another place but so happy I went to see Dr.. Roter.Highly recommended Dr. for your eye exam!
5	Dr. Roster is great. We had to reschedule twice and was no problem at all. Convenience hours, has all the equipment, including the one to take pictures of your eye, which is new for this office.  Very friendly. Fitted my daughter for contacts and was very affordable. Love him!
5	Good experience! Professional and informative.
