3	1. If you want a mover where price is perfectly clear and honest then ABF is a good choice. I can't say enough about their customer service which was incredibly helpful to us.2. Besides estimate/price here are a few things to consider concerning the Pittsburgh area ABF from our January 2012 move. a. We were very pleased with Steel City movers who we hired to pack the ReloCubes. b. If you think you might want to go with a trailer vs. the cubes then be sure there are no low hanging wires across your driveway. I had originally wanted 4 cubes but then I became worried about having enough space.  I switched my reservation to a trailer but when it came the driver could not get it down the driveway because of the wires. Obviously, I could have seen this coming but there's something about moving that makes it hard to consider all the details in the heat of the moment. ABF customer service was fantastic about scrambling to get me 4 Cubes instead. They came AM of the morning we wanted them loaded and we just asked the loaders to come right after lunch to pack the cubes. c. I was not 100% satisfied w/ the driver who came to pick up the cubes once they were packed. It wasn't entirely his fault as he said he had only been trained for one day before being sent out on his own! The people we were renting from had a new blacktop driveway poured last summer and it was scratched and a groove was dug into it by the forklift operator. It would seem that with the type of volume ABF does they could make sure that driveways were not damaged when cubes are removed.
1	If I could give ZERO stars I would.  Moving is stressful enough.  This company made it 100 times more stressful than I anticipated.  Also total ripoff of charging me $3.5K MORE than the original quote without ever coming up with an amiable solution.  You can't really do anything since they are holding your stuff hostage basically but all I can do is use social media to hopefully warn others to STAY AWAY.  Oh and when you do have an issue there isn't one person that you can deal with for your whole move.  The person that you start with is NOT the person that you deal with during the actual move.  They are nice when they want to GET your business.  Once they have it - just nasty and totally unhelpful.
5	We moved my mother-in-law from her home in Lakewood, CA near Los Angeles to Pittsburgh.  We looked into a variety of options including traditional moving company to a container service (PODS and competitors), to do-it-ourselves one way truck rental.  U-Pack provided a 28' empty trailer.  They dropped it off in front of her house.  We packed it over a weekend, and they picked it up on Monday.  Then they dropped it off at the new apartment, we unloaded it and they picked it up when we were done.  You pay by the linear foot of trailer (8' wide, 9' high), with a 5' minimum.  This worked really well for us because fitting what she had into the containers we found was difficult or expensive.Setting up the move was easy.  Call the toll free number, supply the info (or use the website, which is what I did), and get a quote.  I called them to actually schedule things, which was also easy.In Lakewood, we had some hassle with getting the trailer delivered when they said they would, but with a couple of phone calls it got done on the day we wanted it.  Since they don't work on the weekend, we needed it delivered on a Friday, and they did.The trailer is delivered empty with a ramp (it's a real truck trailer with a 4' off the ground floor).  It's empty when they deliver it.  We hired experienced movers to help us load it, since packing a truck so stuff survives a few thousand mile trip isn't easy.  We got everything padded and strapped down.  One hint for anyone who does this is that U-Haul rents furniture pads one way, which is just what we needed.  U-Pack provides an 8' high wall, basically two sheets of plywood with some pipes to hold the sheets together and hook into the slots that run down the sides of the trailer.  This demises your stuff from anything else that goes in the trailer later.  They warn you that it's not designed to hold your stuff in place. U-Pack is a division of ABF trucking.  They haul the trailer to their terminal, load commercial freight in and send it to a terminal near you.  The wall protects your stuff from that freight.  It normally takes 4-5 days, not including the weekends to ship across the country.  It worked best for us to have the trailer delivered the following Wednesday, even though we could have had it as early as Monday.We needed the trailer delivered and picked up on the same day.  The facility she lives in would not let us leave it overnight.  The Pittsburgh terminal was able to accommodate that on our preferred day.  They delivered it as promised, and picked it up as promised.When we opened the trailer, it looked exactly as we had left it in Lakewood.  We took down the wall, unloaded the trailer and called the terminal to tell them it was ready to be picked up.This worked out great for us.  It was cost effective, pretty painless, and gave us the most flexibility.
5	We recently used ABF to move our belongings from Miami, FL to Pittsburgh, PA. ABF is a very economical option for moving long-distance--particularly if you go to the terminal to load your things. Assuming you don't have a really small load, their trailers are the best deal. With the trailer, you pay according to how many feet (length-wise) you use in their trailer (each foot is 72 cubic feet). There is a minimum charge of 5 feet and you will only pay what you actually use after the minimum charge (lets say you book for 12 feet and you only use 10 feet, you will only pay the charge for 10 feet). Once you factor in renting a Uhaul truck and paying for gas (those small moving trucks only get around 8 MPG), you will find that ABF is about the same as getting a Uhaul truck. We moved about 800 cubic feet of stuff a distance of 1200 miles for only $1074. Once we paid movers on both ends to load/unload and transport our belongings between our residences and the terminals, we were able to complete our entire move for $2200 without lifting a thing. I am very happy we elected to use ABF to transport our items and hire movers on both ends rather than hiring a traditional full-service mover--which was going to cost us $4,000 to $5,000.My only criticism of ABF is that transit time was longer than expected. However, that had nothing to do with the Pittsburgh terminal and they were extremely helpful in correcting the situation. We loaded our trailer on a Monday in Miami. According to the info I was provided, our trailer should have departed the next day--on Tuesday. However, our trailer never ended up leaving Miami until Thursday. When Thursday rolled around and our trailer was still in Miami, the Pittsburgh office called the Miami office and got them to dispatch our trailer immediately. While admittedly our items were delivered within the estimated timeframe, I was not happy that it needlessly took two extra time because someone in Miami forgot to dispatch our trailer. Nevertheless, I was 100% pleased with the Pittsburgh terminal of ABF.I was very pleased with ABF overall. Our items arrived safely and in one piece--we've unpacked almost everything and haven't found anything broken yet. The people we encountered at the Pittsburgh terminal were extremely friendly. They offered to let us take as long as we needed to unload our things and told us we could make multiple trips if necessary (we took everything in one trip, but that would have been really nice if we didn't hire local movers).P.S. They will negotiate on price if you call their 1-800 number when booking. I saved about $200 with very minimal negotiating.
