1	Unfortunetly I never did get to try the product because I couldnt get past the awful customer service I received on a phonecall with the owner. Had a Living Social Deal good until 10/28,I was told I needed to pick up my order no later than 10/24. The owner was going out of town so she cut short the coupon by 4 days. ( because you choose to leave town I have to order according to your schedule?) Then she tells me I can pick up my order between 3-4:30, ( so much for folks that work I guess). She was very unflexible and then copped an attitude with me. Obviously shes looking for exposure or she wouldnt have done the Living Social thing. You probably should brush up on how to deal with customers or the only exposure you will receive will be negative.
5	I have been getting Munchies from Mitch for as long as I can remember... NOTHING but great things to say!!  Extremely creative!  Super tasty!  Great selection!  Awesome prices for the type of product!  Very accommodating!  And Mitch is just a HOOT!!!!  Thank you for always making my families birthdays and special events a hit with your edible art... NUMBER ONE in my book!!!P.S.  Don't pay attention to "Cyndi-likes-to-give-bad-reviews-a-lot"
5	Mitchies Munchies Schmapples are AHHHMMMAZING !! Along with the skillz for creating a great tasting product she is super creative and talented!! I have seen several of her cakes and they are so beautiful!! She is super sweet and has GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! You would be crazy to not order from Mitchies Munchies!!
5	I was so totally impressed with  Mitchies Munchies and the fantastic abilities they exhibited with the fantastic cake they did for my Grandson Joey.  I was excited to get to return to Las Vegas for my Grandson's 10th birthday.  Joey has wanted to be a big brother ever since he figured out some kids have siblings. He is very close with his uncle Phill that is just 14 months older than he is, but, he just really wanted a little brother. Well Joey's wish came true but with great sadness attached to it. My daughter found out that her baby Joey's baby brother had a severe syndrome and would probably not live. It was so hard for Sareta to tell him but he was so brave. He said that if all he got to do was just at least hold his baby brother and tell him he loves him, he wanted to be able to do at least that. If he only had a baby brother a few minutes it was better than never getting to be a big brother at all. Well all the LOVE that surrounded that baby and a pretty darn awesome Mommy and Big Brother he pulled through. It was not easy going and Baby Christian needs a lot of special attention. Joey has been such a trooper and the best big brother in the world.   Well there is this really fantastic organization called Icingsmiles, you can find them at www.icingsmiles.org  Icing Smiles is a nonprofit organization that provides custom celebration cakes and other treats to families impacted by the critical illness of a child.  They picked Joey to be the recipient of one of their celebration cakes.   When there is a critically ill child in the family there isn't much money for things like that. If there was ever a boy that deserved this it was Joey.  Well, Icingsmiles chose Mitchies Munchies to make this super special cake for Joey.    When Sareta told me that Joey's 10th birthday was going to be extra special I had no idea what an awesome experience I was going to get to be a part of.  Mitchies Munchies provided not only a cake but an experience that Joey will never forget, neither will any of us that got to share in the celebration. Having a background in law enforcement I especially enjoyed the NHP Troopers that were there to help wish Joey a Happy Birthday. How great they were with him, showing him their cars, talking to him, answering his questions. Then Joey came back into the house to the most AWESOME Batman cake I have ever seen!! I have so many pictures of that wonderful cake, but what I have even more of are pictures of the wonderful happiness on my Grandson's face. To see that little boy, that had spent the last 8 months just focusing on his little brother, finally get to be the center of the world. The focus of everything. He couldn't have had a better birthday, it was truly AWESOME thanks to Mitchies Munchies. And Joey loved sharing it with his little brother.  Everyone was so wonderfully sweet and made sure that everything was perfect. Every bit of the cake was absolutely delicious, the boys loved eating the decorations on the cake, the frosting was fantastic.  It has been almost 10 months now since that day but I still hold dear in my heart, just like it was yesterday, what a wonderful experience it was thanks to Icingsmiles and Mitchies Munchies.
