3	Not fantastic, but not bad.Salsa was good but needed a little more heat - we added a few drops of the hot sauce on the table, which helped.  I had 2 cheese chile rellenos, which most restaurants cover with red enchilada sauce.  Here, they were covered with diced tomatoes, pineapple, and something else - green olives, maybe.  The breading was a little thick and tended to overpower the flavor of the chile.  The chiles could have used a bit more cheese.  On the side, instead of rice and beans, these come with rice and steamed baby carrots and broccoli.  I thought the veggies could have used a little more time in the steamer.Overall, I felt like they were trying to make a healthier twist on chiles rellenos, which is nice, but I kind of like them covered in sauce and oozing cheese.Other minor gripes: they were out of plain Pepsi - only diet and Mountain Dew.  They only take Visa, not Mastercard.  The atmosphere was a little quiet and subdued.  I think this place is ok but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again.  Coupons available on their website.
4	Pretty solid Mexican fare. It was a pleasant surprise to discover this place considering Pittsburgh isn't exactly a hotspot for Mexican food.The restaurant is sort of in the middle of nowhere but it's worth the journey.The tortilla chips to munch on were fresh and good. The enchiladas which I ordered for my entree were excellent.
4	I thought it was fresh, delicious and "authentic" (as far as i understand the word in relation to Mexican food).The Mendoza Dinner Enchildas were three corn tortillas stuffed with spiced shredded chicken and topped with a tangy tomatillo sauce and diced tomatoes and lettuce.  I'm a fan!  gimme more!next time, will go for dinner so i can thoroughly pig-out.weird location in a suburban strip mall.
2	When in Pittsburgh I should of had a burger and fries with Heinz ketchup.  Salsa was bland and tacos were nondescript.
4	Good mexican food.  Was talking with the bar tender cuz we had 4 and he suggested "A meal for Two #1 or #2.  We took that recommendation and order #1.  Really good meal and plenty for 4.  A large plate with a combination of shrimp, chicken and charbroiled steak with onions, tomatoes, red and green peppers, cilantro and more.  Served with rice and refried beans, guac, sals, tow small cheese quesadillas and four totillas.  Yum!  The food came out nice and hot, not to spicy but very flavorful, veggies were not overcooked (which seems to happen at many other restaurants), and the shrimp, chicken and steak were good. Nice meal and good recommendation!
2	It was ok.the chips and salsa are always the first impression and they were preety lame.chips not fresh and salsa too tomatoee.portion were good food had reasonable flavor,staff was nice.i would go back if was in the area and wanted mexican.
2	Have been to Cocina Mendoza many times.  Food is always consistent: decent Mexican food close to home - this is not a destination restaurant.  Service is the real downfall here.  Service has always been slow, as there is usually only one server (sometimes two) for the whole place.  On the most recent visit: I was never asked if I needed a refill/needed anything, no one cleared our plates, I waited about 20 mins for the check & had to go to the bar to ask for carry-out containers.  The food & atmosphere aren't good enough to make poor service tolerable.
2	We tried this place twice.  The first time, they had only been open a few days.  So it was a disaster (super busy night, people waiting even outside, general mayhem).  The food was mediocre at best, so we thought maybe we'd wait a bit before returning to let them "get the kinks out".  We waited a year and returned.  The food was once again bland and the service left a lot to be desired.  Also, way overpriced for what you actually get.  I wouldn't even care if it was bland and you had the option of different sauces to liven things up, but that is not the case.  Additionally, they definitely use jarred salsa.  It was not fresh.  Disappointing and will not return.
3	This place is ok.  It's not great, but it's solidly ok.I was there with my father, sister, and brother in law.  Our dinner came to $110.00.  We had ordered 6 margaritas (between four of us) and the drinks were $45.00.  Given this was a strip mall mexican place, we were not expecting this so I want to mention this as a word of caution.  I dont think it's over priced, but we just weren't expecting it to be over $100.I hate when people complain that local mexican restaurants dont serve authentic food.  We live in Pittsburgh, not El Paso.  This was pretty good!  All the cheesy beefy spicy goodness I crave in Mexican food was present.  I ahd dinner #2.  It was one fajita, one taco, one burrito, and one quesadllla.  Needless to say, I brought most of it home.  The quesadilla was just meh, but a quesadilla is just cheese on a tortilla.  The taco was good but very salty.  If I got back, I'll try the fish tacos.The service was good but disorganized.My father had the sapapillas for dessert and was expecting little pillows of fried dough--chi chi's restaurant style.  We got fried tortillas w sugar and ice cream on them.  He wasn't very impressed.  My brother in law had the flan and said it was great.The margaritas were excellent!  Certainly worth $45.  Very strong, we were all feeling a little bubbly when we left dinner!  I tried the frozen mango margarita, and I loved it.  It was like alcoholic candy.  Highly recommend.I'd go back, and I'd recommend it if you're hungry in the South Hills.  It's not a fancy restaurant; but its a simple Mexican joint with pretty alright food.
5	What the *bleep* is wrong (and by wrong I mean AWESOMELY RIGHT) with you, Pittsburgh?!It is a well-known fact that Mexican restaurants all across the nation have a tendency to stuff you with food, enticing you to eat a veritable smorgasbord of cheesy, meaty, spicy goodness piled high on plates the size of hubcaps until you surrender to the inevitable food coma and wake up two days later STILL REALLY FULL.  I figured that Cocina Mendoza would be similar in this respect.  Except that I'd forgotten that THIS!  IS!  PITTSBURGH!... which means that their "Meal for Two" specials are completely misleading, unless by "two" you mean "two veteran champions of the International Federation of Competitive Eating".  For the rest of us mere mortals, it's more like a meal for 4 ... or 6.  And how tasty the food is!  Crunchy, meaty, dreamy taquitos.  Lovely fajitas with tender chicken and succulent marinated steak.  Quesadillas that must have been half an inch thick at the very least, oozing with lovely queso.  And refried beans and Spanish rice so tightly packed into their to-go containers that you swear that the wonders of modern compression technology (here's looking at you, Lempel-Ziv-Markov) must have been involved somehow.  Glorious!My wife -- who is herself an accomplished Mexican cook -- comments that the food is very "homemade" in nature, prepared with love by people who obviously care a lot about food.  She likes one of the salsas in particular so much that she wants to go with me to see if she can get the recipe from the cooks there.  That's high praise coming from someone who was taught by a Mexican housewife whose food was the envy of the entire neighborhood.And now, as I sink further and further into my food coma, I repeat: what the *bleep* is wrong (and by wrong I mean AWESOMELY RIGHT) with you, Pittsburgh?!
1	We were so excited to have stumbled across a great little Mexican place in the South Hills that we dashed in with a party of 4 on a Saturday night without a second thought. Very soon after our hopes were dashed and or appetite was answered with a heaping spoon of disappointment.  INITIAL IMPRESSIONS- When our waitress came over to take our drink orders, she had no clue what variety of margaritas they offered.  She was unsure of the difference between salt and sugar.  Both she, and the bartender, needed clarification on what a "Captain and Diet" was. -Margaritas were fine once the order was corrected, but the aforementioned Captain and Diet was a watery mess. Either they aren't using top shelf as advertised (and paid for) or they are watering down their liquor.  As a Pittsburgh-dwelling, borderline alcoholic the one thing I know with absolute certainty is how my rum is supposed to taste.SERVICE AND ORDERING- One line will sum this up, NICKEL AND DIME.  With your entree its not rice AND beans, rather it's "Rice OR Beans?".  God forbid you want both, like at any other Mexican restaurant in the world,  Your sin is punished with a $5 up-charge.-Similarly, you are given a choice of sour cream OR guacamole with your entree.  You guessed it, $5 more.- Overall the service was a disaster. Between the waitress, owner and bartender there was a total failure to launch.  Repeated requests for extra napkins, more chips, a glass of water, or even the rest of our order were put off for an embarrassingly long time, some never answered at all.FOOD- Don't come here looking for great salsa.  Their recipe is no more than pureed tomatoes, cilantro and a dash of vinegar.  No heat and no flavor.- The food served to us was average in terms of Mexican cuisine.  Nothing mind blowing but not quite dog food either.  Think, better than Taco Bell but falling far short of Emiliano's or even Mad Mex.Really, the bottom line to this review is that this place has so-so food at an over-market price and terrifyingly subpar service.  Honestly, this was a very disappointing experience for us, as we wanted so much to love Cocina Mendoza.Maybe we can chalk this up to growing pains. I would be willing to give them a second chance in a year or so, if they make it that long.
3	The older man (not sure if he's the owner or the manager) has the strangest sense of humor. But funny nonetheless.He took our order, a table of 6, and told us that they were out of rice. We all believed him until he brought our orders back with rice as the side. He brought this container with three different salsas, one red, one green and one cheesy yellow that was on FIRE! Don't get me wrong, I love spicy foods but this one had no flavor, or it killed our taste buds, we will never know.The waiter/owner/manager got the birthday girl the wrong meat on her quesadillas but he did surprise her with a tostadas and ice-cream with a candle on top.My fish tacos had only one corn tortilla per taco so I had to eat them with a fork, even though they were very tasty and flavorful. The place was pack on that particular saturday night and all the servers were running around that it took a while to find us a table. We sat at the bar for a few beers until they were able to clean up a table for us.Even thought we were here a few years ago, and weren't too impressed by it (the decor was average -and still is- and so was the food) we may come back to an earlier time if we're in the area. Friendly staff.
4	Have been eating at Mendoza's for the last 10 years.  Initially, we had to drive to Noblestown road, then Bethel Park and finally, they moved to Mt. Lebanon.Mendoza's is delicious, authentic Acapulco type food.  I look at some of the posts on this site and realize that most Americans do not recognize authenticity.  Fish tacos and a variety of shrimp dishes is a dead giveaway.Pricing is good and alcohol is typical prices.  I've taken my family of 5 for dinner, no alcohol and the bill is always under $50-60.Abraham the owner and Fernando the head waiter are great.  Very accomodating.Lastly, there used to be a Taco Bell one block away from Mendoza's.  After a year, the Taco Bell's business had dropped off so far that they closed.  If this is not a testament to the quality and affordability of this restaurant, nothing else will convince you to give them a try.
2	I really wanted to like this restaurant.  I had heard great reviews and there seems to be such a lack of good Mexican food in Pittsburgh.We arrived on a Sunday evening around 7:30; the Pens game was playing at the bar. All was good. Noticing that the restaurant closes at 9, we quickly ordered and out came the salsa, chips and a few beers. The salsa tasted as if they added plain tomato sauce and the chips were cold and had a stale texture.  We decided to give the guacamole a try (with a fresh, warm basket of chips). It was delicious and the highlight of our meal!Our Chili Rellenos meals soon arrived and were so disappointing.  Too much breading on the CR and hardly any fillings in the enchilada/taco that accompanied.  The beans and rice were tasty, but dry.  Our waitress was apathetic . We still chalked this up to "well... it IS a Sunday evening" This may sound like an oxymoron, but what really disgusted us was the cleaning. While I am finishing up a meal in a restaurant, the last thing I want to see is a wet, soggy mop (gag) or a staff member standing nearby waiting for me to finish my meal so that she/he can sweep under my table. We saw both right under our noses. At this point it was maybe 8:15. The Pens were still playing, but they shut off the game and started turning chairs upside down (on the tables)  As I stated before, the restaurant was open till 9 o'clock. We had leftovers. On our way to the car we tossed them in the garbage can. I'm only giving this place 2 stars because of the guacamole.
5	Me and my boyfriend went here yesterday, we love our mexican food. Our bartender was friendly and  the service was great. The margaritas were made with fresh lime juice, and were very good. The food was great too, as well as the service. We will be going back there quite often. I have leftovers at home in my fridge, and can;t wait to get out of work so i can eat them!
4	I had to tell you all about one of the BEST MARGARITA I EVER had , (ok , so I had 3 ) DAMN They were good ! Not the chemical taste of the one that I had at another place . I don't like to mention names (Mad Mex)I ordered the special of the day ( Mexican number 2 Dinner ) Little taste of everything , and everything was delicious. If your Hungry and really enjoy Mexican food , you should order this plate.The staff all spoke broken English , ( True Mexicans ! ) Very Authentic.The salsa was bland , could have used a little more spice , but I fixed that problem with a plentiful application of the hot sauce supplied on the table.  over all , a very good diner decision
4	We frequently visit this establishment and enjoy it every time.  Stick to the classics - tacos, burritos, etc and you can't go wrong!
4	We have never actually ate in the restaurant but have gotten take out a few times. My latest decision, the meal for two number 1. Wow! That's a lot of food for $26 dollars. There were apps. Cheese quesadillas and chicken taquitos. There was an entree. Huge shrimp, chicken, steak, peppers, onions with cheese melted on top. Flour tortillas on the side. Speaking of sides. Everything you could ask for. A quart of rice! A quart of refried beans! Yikes. I wouldn't want to be around the person who ate those beans. Guacamole, salsa and sour cream. This was quite the Mexican feast! And the flavors were fantastic. My only criticism is that the entree consisted of mostly shrimp and was short on the steak. Overall, CM has great, authentic food for very reasonable prices.
5	Second time here. We sat at the bar and got the same bar tender, who we liked a lot the first time. everyone is friendly. The margaritas were just as good as we remembered, the perfect combo of sweet and sour. We got a "meal for 2". Everything was great, including the price!
4	I'm a little stingy on 5's or they would totally get one!  Authentic food, great salsa verde (get it on anything), great tamales and everything was solid to say the least. Margaritas were very good with homemade simple syrup and fresh lime juice for only $4.25. Sat at the bar and had great service. My girlfriend and I will be there most Wednesday nights at the bar if you want to drop in(kids eat 1/2 off Wed or we would hit a table sometimes).
5	Really solid Mexican restaurant. Been here twice and each time it was a good experience. I plan on going back many more  times. Staff is really friendly. I would rate their food 4 stars since it's nothing extraordinary, just the basic Mexican food we all love. Since their staff is so friendly I am giving them 5 stars.
5	Good specials, friendly staff, fantastic food.  Salsa was a little runny for my taste. But we have made this a regular stop on Friday nights, especially with  soccer on the tv. See you next week.
4	Solid authentic Mexican food. Close knit Mexican family. Servers are a little unfriendly, but who cares when you're digging into endless chips and 4 kinds of salsa. We were seated at the bar, which was uncomfortable because of a large edge. Great food, Coronas a plenty, and Spanish tv.
2	We recently tried Cocina Mendoza, mostly because it was close and I had a hankering for fake Mexican.  (Hello, Pittsburgh -- these places are NOT authentic... Mexicans don't use flour tortillas for starters nor do they cheese the hell out of everything.  I'm guessing the people who would call these sorts of places authentic also think Olive Garden and Benihana are authentic.... But I digress.)Anyhow, I was expecting an el camps level experience.  But it wasn't even that good.  (Side note: why is the el camp's on McKnight so vastly superior to the other locations?) It was just bland as heck and the service, while pleasant, was really slow.  Despite the place being empty.  Prices were what you'd expect.  On the upside, portions were huge if you're into that type of thing.  Of the three of us who went together, the best thing had was a chicken quesadilla... not a good sign.For this type of a joint, I definitely prefer El Paso over in Bridgeville.  If you want something resembling real Tex Mex/Mexican, it's worth the drive to Los Chiludos (which wins hands down).  Honestly, I'd pick a Moe's over this one.... We won't be back.
1	I lived in Los Angeles for 22 years and Dallas for 20 years and have traveled extensively in Mexico, so I consider myself a good judge of GOOD Mexican food.Well, Unfortunately I didn't find it at Concina Mendoza. In fact, it serves the worst Mexican food I've ever had. I started out with a beef chile relleno and it was awful.The breading on the chile was soggy and bathed in some sort of soupy sauce.The waitress took it back and I was hesitant to order a replacement but went with the simple ground beef burrito thinking how could they mess up a burrito. Well, they did.I don't know what the meat was inside but it sure didn't taste like beef. I had 2 bitesand asked for the check. And by the way, they have a huge sign on the window offering Margaritas for $3.25. When my bill came, they were $5.99. When I questioned why $5.99? the waitress said the $3.25 price was Mon-Thu. Upon leaving I did check the sign and in very small print it does say Mon-Thu but you need a magnifying glass to read it. Taco Bell has far superior food to this place. Don't waste your money here.I spent $22.00 with tip for a margarita, some chips & salsa and 2 bites of a burrito.I'll never eat here again and will make sure my friends & family don't either.
3	Great place of you want to have a lot of Mexican food. Portions were generous for the dinners. Some of the components were in the bland side but overall everything tasted like any other Mexican place. Margaritas were disappointing as they were mostly ice. Service was kind of slow too. I would go back if I am craving Mexican food and don't want to drive very far to get it.
3	I can see that the this place got mixed reviews and I understand why. My meal was good (I had the vegetarian platter #2). You do get free tortilla chips as you do at most Mexican restaurants but the salsa was runny and just okay in my opinion. Also, our margarita was disappointingly small and was 75% ice. The service was very friendly but it seemed unorganized because we were waited on several people who kept coming up to us asking if we had been helped yet. It was busier when we were there though so that was probably contributory. I would describe the decor as cheesy. Meals possibly overpriced. Overall, I rate this place as average. Fine if you are craving Mexican but wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
3	Authentic mexican food. Between my husband and I we have tried several items on the menu and everything was good. My favorite is the carnitas dinner. Service is slow and a little unfriendly but worth the food. Id rank it higher than most other mexican restaurants in the south hills area.
