4	These Haagen Dazs locations (there are two...) are so very well placed in the New York New York casino along the walkway that connects the MGM Grand and the Excalibur. That's because as you are staggering with your yard-long bong decanter sipping your rum daiquiri, you probably need a place to sit to avoid a potential altercation with a band of no-neck truckers raging drunk from their gambling losses. And yet, they know all the lyrics to the Black Eyed Peas' "I Gotta Feeling". Mazel Tov! Anyway, Jamie W. and I ducked in here after sauntering the Strip because we wanted something sweet and transportable. I frankly don't remember what he had since the people-watching is pretty intense in Vegas. Otherwise bland and boring people get all dressed up in outfits ill-suited to their frames, especially when you see gold lame micro-minis wrapped around a pair of tree trunks. I was enjoying a $6.95 Bailey's Irish Cream Milk Shake with a mound of whipped cream and chocolate shavings. I wonder if the calories will stay in Vegas, too. ICE CREAM - 4 stars...no arguing Haagen Dazs ice cream on a Vegas-saturated night AMBIANCE - 2.5 stars...just a little shop with three little tables, no time to loiter when there are slots calling your name SERVICE - 3 stars...pretty efficient when you think about the variety of humankind that must come in here TOTAL - 4 stars...oh why not?...it's about being in the right place at the right time after all
5	Awesome service and great ice cream.  Perfect place to stop for an afternoon pick me up!  Ditas was great--she was helpful and friendly.  Overall the customer service was outstanding, definitely would return on my next trip to Vegas
5	Absolutely love it here. The service is phenomenal. Ditas is seriously the best. She is very welcoming, cheerful, and extremely helpful. There was so many options to choose from I couldn't decide but Ditas let me sample a couple of ice cream flavors (all were great flavors) and I decided to get a banana split dazzeler. I can't wait to come back.
