5	I am giving this vet 5 stars because Dr. Kay is great!!  You know how sometimes with check-ups, you feel rushed and not all your questions are answered completely?  Not with Dr. Kay.  She provided us with so much information about our cats (specifically about their diet and how to clean their teeth)  She gave us several different samples of new foods that we can try with our two cats.  She was very clear on the options we have for our one cat who has to get a tooth removed.  I really appreciated her thoroughness and passion for really taking great care of our pets.  I would highly recommend Dr. Kay to anyone.  Visit their website - free check-ups for your pet on your first visit!
5	I've been going to Dr. Kay at Companion Animal Hospital since my husband and I moved to Madison in 2006.  My own dad is a vet, so I was looking for a knowledgeable veterinarian for the first time in my life.  A friend of my mother-in-law recommended Dr. Kay to me, and I've been going to her ever since.  Companion is great.  The vets are knowledgeable and always willing to make time for their clients.  In addition, I know that they occasionally make house calls.  Highly recommended.
3	As both Kate's and CW's reviews note, the vets themselves are great.  They seem to take their time, have a good "bedside manner" and are knowledgeable.  Both of my cats have FIV, so it's nice to find a vet that understands the disease and isn't scared-to-death of it.However... as CW's review noted, the techs (specifically the receptionist) leave a lot to be desired.  The clinic is also extremely pricey - an office visit is now more than $50, and labwork for one of my cats with visit totalled more than $200... that's super steep.I'd be happy to pay that if I felt good upon entering and leaving the place, but with the current receptionist, I don't.  She doesn't seem to listen or comprehend or remember much of what you say... case in point, starting with the reminder call for my appointment, which went like this:Her: I'm calling to remind you of your appointment, on (day and time).Me: Yep, I've got it on my calendar and thanks for confirming.  I'll see you then.Her: We also need your correct address and phone number.Me: I believe you have both of those - I get your reminder cards in the mail, and you just reached me on my primary phone.Her: Well, we had a card returned as undeliverable.  Me: Sorry, my mailman is absolutely attrocious - he regularly mixes up my mail with other people's and vice versa.  I could give you my PO Box, which doesn't have any issues.Her: What is that?Me: (tell her my address)Her: And what is your correct phone number?Me: You called me on the correct number, so that's it. Her: But it's not a 608 area code.Me: I realize that.  I have two homes - one of them is not in Wisconsin.Her: Ok, so what is your Wisconsin number?Me: I don't have a landline at the house here.Her: Well, we need a correct phone number for you.Me: What's wrong with this number?  You reached me, correct?Her: Ok, well, I suppose that's fine.  I don't know why you don't have a 608 number though.  And I show that "Anne" is still on your account, is that valid?Me: No, sorry - I don't know and never have known anyone named Anne.Her: Well, it's on your account, and since you've got a weird number maybe you don't remember this person?Me: Sorry?  I don't know an Anne, and the info on my account is accurate - not sure why you're having such a hard time with it.Her: We'll see you tomorrow.Ugh.  So, I arrive at my appointment today, and the same lady "greets" me at the desk.  Again, she insists that I have to give her a correct address and a correct phone number.  I reminded her about our conversation from yesterday, and her response was that I was being "difficult" and that they had a very important mailing returned as "undeliverable."  (the important mailing was a special offer for discounted teeth cleaning)I reminded her about the mailman situation and that I gave her my PO Box yesterday.  She then went back to the phone thing... like Groundhog Day... only I didn't have the option of dropping a toaster in my bathtub in an attempt to end it all.It's frustrating on one hand, but the tone and demeanor is what really bothered me - accusitory, cold, and slightly condescending.  As such, I really don't feel like supporting a clinic that charges so much for "premium service."  Sorry.So, as long as the "supplemental staff" remains abrasive and semi-inept, it's unlikely I'll return to CAH.  If the prices continue to rise, I definitely won't return.And, as a side note, I've noticed that many WI vets appear to be "alarmist" and/or "super thorough" - I've had a few vets attempt to scare me into a bunch of extra treament, in the form of lab work, x-rays, and so on... Never have I experienced so much panic-inducing upselling before... Companion is pretty good about minimzing this, but they do seem to be overly thorough at times.  Again - not a direct comment/observation about Companion, but WI vets in general.  Take note.
5	My cats have been seeing Dr. Kay at Companion Animal Hospital for many years (probably around 8+), since we switched from another veterinarian who was inattentive to our needs.  I am always impressed by the level of service we receive, both for routine visits and when the kitties need more in-depth medical care.  Dr. Kay frequently goes above and beyond in her level of service, and always puts my cats' needs first.  While she will provide you with all of your treatment options, she is very understanding that cost can be a factor, and has always made me feel comfortable working within my budget while still doing everything necessary for my animals.  She is also open to integrating alternative medicine and more natural foods diets into an overall health plan.  A few years ago when my cat ended up in the emergency clinic, she even went to check on him the first night to see how he was doing (at no cost to us).Office visits are currently $44 (another reviewer priced them at over $50), and you can print a coupon off on their web site for $5 off.  I've been to some vets where an office visit is over so quickly I wonder what I paid for, but Dr. Kay takes a lot of time with each client so I feel this is very reasonable.  The vets are also very accessible by phone when questions/concerns arise outside of an exam.I highly recommend this clinic & Dr. Kay!
5	Dr. Kay has been really fantastic with our two adopted dogs. My expectations have been exceeded several times now. Also, for the care they receive when here, the fees are very reasonable. Recently a relative was telling me how their vet wouldn't even clip her dog's nails when she asked - instead he replied "You want that, go to a groomer - it's not what I became a vet to do" and she continues to go there because the price is cheap. Fortunately, at Companion Animal Hospital, you will receive terrific care, without the attitude, and without spending a fortune.
5	Very compassionate and knowledgeable staff. They are very genuine and give clear estimates for the procedures.Highly recommended.
1	::UPDATE::I have contacted the emergency vet and the owner, or anyone else, of Companion Animal Hospital has ever called them, despite what they say. It is also illegal in the state of Wisconsin to disclose information to a third party without the owner's consent. Which was very obviously not given.Original post:I hate this place more than I could ever possibly express. Their incompetence lead to my cat almost dying. I brought my cat in here TWICE and they couldn't figure out what was wrong with him. I paid for expensive tests and still nothing. I broke down one morning after my cat was peeing blood and took him to a local emergency hospital in a panic because I was terrified for my cat's life. They immediately diagnosed what my cat's problem was and proceeded to help him. They said if I had waited more than 12-ish hours to get him in, my cat would have died. If I could wish any business out of existence, it would be this place. They may be cheap and friendly, but they have no idea what they're doing. Please don't ever put your cat's well being in their hands.In response to the owner: First, I'm the co-owner of the cat. The cat originally belonged to my boyfriend and now he is both of our's. Said ownership has even been registered with the city of Madison. Trying to discredit me by saying that my cat isn't my cat, is a terrible thing to do.Secondly, I have the paperwork stating that there was blood found in his urine when he was brought in. Which I'm sure the emergency vet would have informed this person if they actually had called. The paperwork of my original "take home instructions" from the emergency vet even clearly states that bloody urine is a sign of my cat's disease.Third, the emergency vet did say that there was a blockage of the urethra that could have ruptured the bladder if not handled that day. I remember the conversation clear as day as I was told to watch out for further blockages that may occur. I was informed that if it became a regular issue my cat would need surgery to widen the urethra to lessen the chance of blockage.Fourth and foremost, I gave my cat the amount of medication told by this vet. The vet actually gave me antibiotics because they suspected the problem to be an infection. Something that the emergency vet almost laughed at. So far every vet I have mentioned it to said that they don't understand why they would have prescribed it. The extra medicine brought in (which was mentioned on my negative review on Facebook) was Nature Calm and Cosequin. Nature Calm appears to be a calming nutritional supplement and Amazon is showing Cosequin as a joint supplement. It looks as though it is a moot point seeing has how the medication has nothing to do with my cat's disease. And, again, no one had called Companion Animal Hospital saying my cat was doing better. Both my boyfriend and I hate this business for what they did.Lastly, attempting to slander my name by saying that "vicious, graffiti-like attacks by third parties" is what is going on is pathetic. Again, I am one of the two owners of the cat. Not that it should even matter considering how I was there for every step of the way and was even the only decision maker at the emergency vet clinic. That would qualify me as a first party. This owner of the Companion Animal Hospital is clearly unable to provide an adequate defense of the situation and is resulting to name calling. The fact that the owner is trying to make this already traumatic experience worse is disgusting.I also have serious doubts that this person ever called my emergency vet and will be placing a call to the vet later tonight. (Updated at the top)
