5	A few weeks ago I heard a story that this location was selling suits 2 for 1.  I didn't believe this until I got there.  How could any place make a deal like this?  I ended up getting paired up with a guy named Gabe.  Instantly I thought he was your typical men's clothing store kind of guy until I started peppering him with questions.  Very quickly it became apparent Gabe knew a lot more about both casual and business suits.  I had specific ideas for my suits as they needed to breathe well.  After showing me several different types of suits Gabe picked out 5 suits and I loved eash instantly.  I then had to cut down to two suits for the final purchase.  He then talked about the positives and negatives of each suit.  There wasn't any BS spewing, just facts and numbers and personal opinion.  I will be back to the store monthly to see what the latest sales.  Thanks for all your help Gage!  Sorry to ask a million questions.
3	The staff is very friendly here.  Plenty of suits, sports coats, and other clothing to choose from.  However, I found the styles and cuts of the suits to be lacking.  The stripes of a pin striped suit should match up on the seams, but some of their styled didn't.  If I'm going to pay $549 for a suit, it better be well made.I prefer to buy a sports coat here.  They're more reasonably priced at around $119 and designed well.The Staff gets 5 Stars in my book.  Overall, 3 Stars for the store.Return Factor - 50%
2	My boyfriend and I went to this store for an outfit he needed for a wedding. A female employee walked up and measured his pant size and sent us to the right section. She then informed us the whole store was having a "buy one get one free" sale on th thew entire store. This was perfect considerig we needed a shirt and pants. The female employee walked away  to not be seen again and the three other employees in store store never once approached us to ask how we were doing despite having my arms full of clothes and frequent trips in and out of the fitting rooms. When we finally found the outfit we liked we took the pant and shirt to the counter to find they were the same price. The gentleman at the counter said he had to talk to his manager to see which one to comp for the sale since they were the same price. Then a man who I assume was the manager walked up and told us the sale was buy one get one free only if you bought 2 pants or 2 shirts but that you could  not mix them. We pointed out that the two members of the staff we had talked to told us differently and that we had confirmed twice before deciding what to purchase. The manager just reiterated what he previously said with no sincerity or willingness to work on the price due to his employees misinformation. So we walked out without paying a penny and found the same outfit somewhere for cheaper, we will not be shopping here again.
4	Let me sum this up: I liked the way I looked.I needed to rent a tux for a black tie wedding in about two weeks. Came in and was quickly greeted by younger looking employees who were very friendly but slightly unpolished. When I think of suits, I think of older gentlemen, preferably with accents and finely coiffed beards. Nevertheless, the young lady working the computer pointed out various shapes, sizes and selections for my tux. She ascertained my budget and attempted to fit it. Despite my ignorance, she guided me through the process of accessorizing appropriately for the style I wanted. They took my measurements and told me to come back a couple days before the wedding.To my satisfaction, the tux came in early! Everything fit perfectly and I walked out a happy and prepared man.Policy states that you must return the tux (in one piece) the day following the event. The nice thing is, ANY Men's Wearhouse will accept back your partially soiled attire. I made sure not to lose pieces and avoided any penalties.The whole rental cost me about $120 (including deposit). Pricey, maybe. But, consider all the free food and drink at the wedding! And after all, isn't looking awesome, priceless?Tuxedo Renting Tips:-If you choose suspenders, do it for function. No one will actually see them... unless you want them to.-Don't forget to brush off those nice cufflinks you got as a grad present years ago. Otherwise, you're stuck with the free ones they include.-Bow-ties are cool. The ones they give you are clip-on. Unless you're really good at tying one, opt for the clip-on.
5	Awesome staff! The guy who helped me was named Skip happened to be a suit wizard and got me in and out with exactly what I was looking for. The tailor Joaquin was awesome as well and knew I was kinda in hurry and got my two pair of pants tailored under 15 min. Would definitely recommend this place if you need a suit!
5	I give this place six stars and a bag of chips!!I was an usher in a wedding today. When I arrived at church, i realized that I left my tie (which was by design the same as the other ushers and groomsmen) at home and did not have enough time to go home to get it...SO with the help of Yelp, I found a nearby Men's Wearhouse and called them to explain the problem while heading over. They said they had a silver tie but it might not match exactly. At this point I'm like "a silver tie that doesn't exactly match is waaaaay the heck better than NO tie".When I got there an EXTREMELY nice saleslady informed me that they had the exact silver tie over at another store and she would be happy to:1. Give me the almost-but-not-perfectly-matching silver tie so I could get back to the church to get to my usher duties and2. Drive up to the store that had the exact matching tie and then drive over to the church to DELIVER IT...Now, like most folks, I don't love asking people I don't know for favors and this was A LOT to ask for a tie, but I've heard brides can be particular about stuff pertaining to their weddings so I figured since she was willing then erroring on the side of safety would be a good way to go. so I left with the one tie to do my usherly duties and a bit later, the unbelievably kind sales lady showed up at church with the legit tie.  Wow... this was so far above and beyond what I've come to expect from anyone in business, I'm still kind of thinking that that will probably never happen again...OH yeah, I forgot... they did all of this for free. I didn't have to pay extra for the tie or her time to run get it. Nada.Anyways, like I said... 6 stars plus a bag of chips.
