4	I am a regular at this Olde Orchard location because its food is excellent (I adore their burgers and onion soup) and its beer selection impressive.As with other Olde Orchard locations the food ranges from pub fare to burgers, steaks and curries. I stick to the burger section and have never been disappointed.Beer-wise, I prefer the local brews to the imported ones. They are cheaper (even more so at happy hour, which runs until 7-ish IIRC) and stimulate the local economy. My picks are the Cream Ale, Apricot Wheat and Griffon Rousse. In the imported section I dig Smithwick's, Newcastle Brown and Cidre du Minot cider. It is excellent.The wait staff are always great and help create a good mood. They will gladly recommend your next tipple if you're undecided.I love this place, and so should you.
4	A GREAT place to either stop by for a pint, a bite to eat or watch a game.I began by frequenting the 'original" Ye Olde Orchard" on Monkland years ago but since they have branched out to downtown and St.Laurent, I usually meet up with friends at this location.Was here yesterday meeting up with a friend for brunch. Both of us had the Highlander Breakfast complete with sausages, ham, bacon, scammbled eggs and their IrishToast (French toast dipped in Bailey's). They also have that Dr. Seuss classic ,Green Eggs and Ham (It's actually scammbled eggs with pesto)!Friendly service, a great menu, very good food and a laid back vibe make this a great spot along the Main to just chill and relax with a friend or more.
4	This pub is right around the corner from our place, and I feel very blessed about that. It has a cozy authentic pub feel (not commercial). It looks a bit rustic with big wood floors and custom-made bar tables along the side. It feels buzzling and busy without being to loud. Obviously it is great for watching games with all the screens but I like coming here for the food too. I mostly eat from the Pub menu which has meat pie, Irish Stew, steak and Guiness pie - all warming wintery foods that I eat year round. I have also had some sandwish there, it was comme ci comme ca. Lots of food for the money actually. On Thursdays they have a band that plays Rockabilly, it is quite groovy. They have pub quiz one night which doesn't sound very exiting to me but had some friends mesmerized for hours. Think it was a Wednesday.
4	Great place to go. Good drinks, good food (for a pub) and great bands coming to play there. Amazing place to watch Hockey. Some of the staff are weird sometimes (uninterested/lazy attitude and slow speed) but they are ok most of the time.
5	Me and a few buds came here to kick off our last night in Montreal not expecting much, and boy were we surprised. Delicious food, good prices, friendly service, and nice live music. What a place!
4	We were looking for a place to grab a late night dinner and this pub served food until midnight so we found ourselves here at 11:40 pm, starving. It was a typical pub with plenty of tables and table tops in addition to a long bar. We sat a table top and a server immediately brought us menus and took our drink orders (Guinness, natch). I had a French dip that came with fries and a cup of lamb barley soup. Pretty decent pub fare; everything was tasty and not greasy. The place got really loud when a cover band came on and busted out with some Pretenders and U2 tunes. It actually got a little too loud for my comfort level but then again, I'm getting old. Surprisingly, it never really got crowded in there, even though it was a Saturday night and all the surrounding bars seemed packed to capacity. Well, I guess not everyone likes cover bands? If I lived in the neighborhood, I would likely frequent this pub as long as they took the band's volume levels down just a notch.
4	I usually go to the Monkland or St-Sauveur locations but stopped in at this one after a day of gallivanting on the Plateau. It's a little small but they also have a few tables set up outside - perfect for those warm summer days. Well, if we ever get them! The service was good, and when asked for a 'birthday drink recommendation,' the waitress suggested one of their 'homemade' creations: the Bourbon lemonade. HELLO! It was served in a pint glass and they weren't cheap on the Bourbon so... no complaints! What I especially like about this location is that it just feels like you can walk in at any time of the day, pick a corner and just chill out without anyone bothering you. Love it. I didn't have anything to eat so can't comment on the food. That said, if it's anything like Monkland or St-Sauveur, you've got nothing to worry about. They typically serve food throughout the day, including breakfast/brunch; their menu is quite varied so there's something for everyone - even you veggie lovers :)
5	Fantastic place! Came here for lunch while visiting the city. The service was great. Got the fish and chips, which was super tasty. Friends got two of the curries and the hamburger steak, all were very happy.We ended up coming back the next day for dinner. Everyone got fish and chips since it was so yummy the first time around. Check it out for sure!
5	Best grill, my favorite place.
5	I'm a regular, what more can i say!
5	I've been here for football game brunches and for late night beers with friends and I've always had a great experience.The offer an amazing variety of beer and have decent quality food for a pub. I would describe this pub as "chill". It not big as such but that's what gives it a very comfortable feel. The nights when live music is played are the best; one is more than happy sipping beer and smiling.
3	Exactly what you expect from a Irish pub: good food, friendly staff, relaxed vibe.A few items worth trying:- their burgers- their curries- and their Irish Toast at brunch (French toast made with Bailey's)
3	All I can say is the food is very good, and a fan of their pub style. But the wait staff,......phew! really need to work on them. I had some very bad service here. Those kilts sure don't help them be better at their job. I've been here many times, and the last time i went was from a waitress who really needs an attitude change. The only reason I'm giving 3 stars and being nice is because the food is great and don't want to take away the whole restaurants integrity just based on the wait staff.
4	Started coming here due to the worldCup and discovered that they have great nachos. Will continue to go back even if the World Cup is over. Nice little pub.
4	good irish pub that is not too crowded having good alcoholic beverage and serving good enough food albeit one of the dish is extremely salty.very friendly staff that will play along if you have a bachelor party going on. they sure know how to add to the fun.service is good but place wasn't busy so who knows when its busy.price is what you expect from an irish pub: pretty affordable
