5	Enzo Pizzeria - Enzo (formaily know as La Golosita... under new managment) - This place offers great food, great service at a great price! My favorite is the fresh made pasta... (Just like home). However all the food is really really good. Must try's are the "Mac and cheese", "Ravioli" and any dessert.
4	Enzo's is a nice change to the business park and offers good Italian food. Calamari is on point and the pizza is equally delicious
4	Went about two hours before closing with my wife, both of us were craving some pizza late at night when we noticed this place in the parking lot. Easy to overlook since it is way in the back too. We ordered a personal pizza (the veggi), some stuffed shells, and a small house salad as well and split everything up. It was surprisingly good!The house salad was a fairly big portion, especially considering we ordered a small. I'd say it looked to be about double the portion size of most restaurants when you order the same thing. The personal pizza was delicious and exactly what we were hoping for. Not too greasy, the crust managed to stay firm, and the cheese didn't slide completely off with the first bite, lol. Also, despite it saying "personal pizza" we both managed to get fairly full sharing the single pizza. The stuffed shells we barely touched because of the salad and pizza, but the piece we did eat was cooked properly (seemingly a rarity in our experiences) and the portion was bigger than we expected. In the end we were quite happy with the experience and ended up taking a nice amount of leftovers home with us. If you are looking for an inexpensive yet tasty pizza experience my wife and I very much recommend Enzo!
2	Don't get the Fettuccini Alfredo. I tried to eat the leftover and heated in the pan. It was pretty much fettuccini soaked it oil or melted butter. It was more like frying in the pan. When you eat it fresh, it taste ok, but doesn't look appettizing. When you tried to re-heat it, yeah...it's something else. Garlic knots are delicious. Will come back to try their pizzas.
5	When I first bit into our pizza, there was something oddly familiar about the taste, but I couldn't put my finger (tongue?) on it. My dinner partners were all pleased with the taste of the crust, the bounty of meats on top, as well as the flavor of the sauce. At one point I asked who seemed to be the manager about the pizza. I'd had something very similar before and asked if they had other locations. Only to find out that they had an outlet at the Venetian on the strip. Of course! Theirs was some of my favorite pizza when staying on the strip and made special trips when close since that pizza was very tasty. Of course, this location was MUCH less expensive than the single slices at the Venetian "food court" on the main floor. I'd stop in again any time for this pizza, but avoid rush hour as the area is packed with traffic!The only drawback is their restrooms are located upstairs, although there is a handicapped location on the main level.
4	love the thickness of the cheese that they add....; service is good....
4	French Fries Pizza...my daughter loves it- A kid's dream!!! The Margherita was alright-I'm still looking for better, I know it's out there. We used to go to this place when it was La Golosita to eat their pasta.So we will come back and try their pasta sometime. When it was time for dessert we ordered gelato from their menu, the server did not tell us that were more flavors in their bakery part, so I was disappointed that we not informed about that!!I'm hoping they bring back the FIG GELATO that the previous (La Golosita)  had, it was so yummy!!!All in all it was a good experience, the interior is very cool!!!
5	I've been to Enzo's 4 times now, and each time I was not disappointed. The pizza is the best I can find out here in Vegas. The quality of the food and ingredients are comparable to NYC (where you get nothing but the best). My family catered an affair there and I swear, the filet mignon was better than "Beso's" where I paid $45.00 for the same cut of steak, only Enzo's was like butter! The cheese, pizza, appetizers, main courses and DESERT are unbelievable! There's no reason to go back to NY anymore! Even the bathrooms are original and beautiful. Oh  yes, and one more thing Jerry, Vito makes the best pizza in Las Vegas!!! I'll be back!
2	Wow, I am surprised at how good of reviews Enzo's has on here.  I admit, that's why my family chose to give this place a try instead of going to Cugino's for some yummy Italian.Seriously though, the people giving this place awesome reviews must be the same people that pack Olive Garden every night and think that they have good Italian food.The sauce was super bland.  On the pizza and as a dipping sauce, not impressed and of course as is with Italian, if the sauce isn't good, most of the dishes made with it aren't either.  My husband and mom both agreed the best way to describe it was like tomato soup.  The pizza and pasta had the same blandness, due to the sauce.On the plus side, the service was very good and the owner super friendly.  And the decor inside was just gorgeous!  Just wish they had better Italian!
5	The food and service was great!  My husband had the buffalo chicken pizza and I had the caprese pizza...both had a nice amount of toppings and the flavor was amazing.  It's a little bit of a drive from our side of town, but completely worth it!
3	Upon walking in I was pleasantly surprised with the nice atmosphere. Staff was incredibly friendly and welcoming . We came in for the $19.99 dinner for 2 special - includes choice of appetizer (cheese pizza, app platter, or salad) + 2 pastas from a list. I will try not to let the fact that they sat a family with a crying baby (in a half empty restaurant mind you) about 1 foot away from me sway my opinions of the food! Bread brought to the table was just alright, nothing special. We each ordered sangria ($5.50) and found both the strawberry variety and the plain variety scrumptious! The appetizer platter was tons of fried things - fried ravioli, fried mozz, fried zucchini and fried chicken. Not particularly bad or particularly good. The "just alright" food continued with my husband's chicken parm and my canneloni. I'm the type of girl that gets pretty excited about the chicken canneloni at freaking Macaroni Grill - this one unfortunately wasn't nearly as good (less cheese, less meat, and less flavorful to be specific). The dinner took a bit longer than it should have (about 90 minutes), especially when I was itching to get away from said crying baby! I'd go back but I'd try the pizza next time and I'd dine in the bar (holding a sangria!) away from the crying babies.
5	Would have never went here without the use of a Groupon. (Get yours at: http://www.groupon.com/r/uu1775957) Used it for my wife's birthday with a group of 8. We started with a wonderful Pizza that was easily up to NYC standards (Owner Jimmy is from LI). All the starters and especially the Greek Salad had rave reviews. Cocktails were excellent and the Watermelon Sangria on special hit the spot. Everyone's entree was declared delicious with ample portions, my lasagna was outstanding and the angel hair pasta had 5 stars. The highlight of the meal was dessert with the New York Cheesecake as the star of the show. Second billing went to the very creamy and Gelatos - probably the best in the valley bar none, the Pistachio was very tasty. The prices are reasonable and the service is excellent.On a next visit the Margarita pizza was still up to NYC standards. The Spaghetti Carbonara was perfection and left my mouth very happy. The Pasta Arrabiata was an unusual variation and spiced perfectly. Again the meal ended with the very special gelatos. It must be mentioned that Enzo's has a large and well-stocked Italian style bakery and shop next to the restaurant plus an outdoor dining area. And even the bathrooms are over-the-top.
2	OK, before you guys chop my head off, let me say that we didn't eat pizza.  I had Shrimp Scampi and my partner ordered the Baked Ziti.    We went there because a lot of Yelpers gave it a pretty good review.  Boy were we pretty disappointed.  First of all, the service is really slow.  It took them about 10 minutes or more to get the appetizer salad to our table.  Second, the food was just meh.  My partner actually said, "We should've gone to Fazolis."  I have to agree with his suggestion.  My Shrimp Scampi was just ok.  It was fresh shrimp but somewhat bland.  It had tons of scampi sauce but it just didn't taste all that great.  Third, their free bread they serve you in the beginning is also just meh.  The only thing that somewhat redeemed the dinner was the canolli that came with my partners' dinner.  For some strange reason, I got one too.  It was a good palate cleanser and I wanted more but was so full.    And finally, there was a family there with children outnumbering the adults.  As they were preparing to leave, one of the kids just had that blood curdling squeal that lasted a bit too long.  I know that parents are used to that kind of noise, but the public didn't need that irritation.  So far, our experience can be described in one word, MEH.  I definitely will hesitate to try more of their food.  If their food is the same as how they prepared the food we had, I'm afraid of trying their food again.  I had a better time when it was La Golosita.
3	Pleasant atmosphere and staff. The bf loves pizza so we decides to try a new place instead of pizza hut. We ordered a pepperoni and black olive pizza, and a house salad. The house salad came with olives, tomato, cucumber, and house greens.  The olives were quite too salty for the salad and the salad itself came out ok but it seemed as if the salad was sitting out for a little bit before it had come to the table.  Imagine chewing on warm room temperature salad when it's already 100 degrees in las Vegas.  Not too pleasant!The pizza looked amazingly good. Nice size with big slices. The crust was thin and yummy. But they served the same salty olives on the pizza. Why oh why would you put salty salty olives on the pizza! It tasted like the green salty martini olives. I scraped off all the olives and left it to the side.  I never heard theend of it from my bf.
5	Amazingly friendly staff and food! It is like being back in New Jersey.  Nice little spot, wish it was cooler out during August to sit outside.
5	My family lives this place.we are originally from New York & this is the closest!  The calzones are amazing!  Save room for desert!
5	Honestly this was so good. I have eaten there twice in one week. The pizza was amazing and then we went back for pasta. Seriously the service was wonderful and the food YUM. But the price was the best part. We had wine, appetizers, salad and full entrees and the bill was ....wait for it....$48 bucks. WHOOHOO.
5	Let's start with the 16" Grandma Thin Crust Sicilian Pizza with Meatballs. The presentation was different being a square-shaped pizza. The crust was phenomenal, crusty on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside.  The meatballs were a great combination with the homemade pizza sauce.  The cheese was stretchy and gooey too. Thumbs up with 5 stars!If you have allergies to tomatoes, the 18" White Pizza is a great option. The presentation of this pizza was a traditional round topped with olive oil, ricotta cheese, mozzarella, and oregano.  It's simple, but a great combination of flavors.  Sprinkle some parmesan cheese and pepper flakes and you're good to go. Thumbs up with 5 stars!
1	This place on Eastern Avenue was great.  But, unfortunately it is now shuttered and closed, with an "available for lease" sign hanging over it on my last visit two weeks ago.  Several months ago a sign on the door said the restaurant was closed for remodeling.  Apparently now it is closed for good.
