4	Was desperate to find a good Middle Eastern / Lebanese place in Vegas and one day we stumbled upon Ali Baba after trying a few others. Nice place - some authentic dishes that are worth the trip, and an authentic and non-Vegas seeming interior. Cool place.
5	I really love the food in this place. The mezze combination is enough to feed 4 people easily, and it's delicious. They have the standard stuff like hummous, babaganoush, and lebni, but there are most interesting treats, like kibbe, and a mindblowing bean concoction which is intensely garlicky and the beans are so buttery they melt in your mouth, they also serve up some pastries similar to mini spanakopitas as well as chunks of feta, olives and some fresh jalapeos, I could go on, there are thing's I've forgotten to mention, I'm sure. We've also had some of their entrees and sandwiches, all of them were excellent. Definitely seek this place out. One word of warning, they have live music on Saturday's and Fridays and it's wacky Mediterranean music with a belly dancer that walks around all the tables, nothing wrong with that, except it's a bit too loud and I like to be able to sustain a conversation over dinner.
3	Well, it appears that many are trying to get into the business of Middle Eastern food, & I have to say that here it's pretty good.  They focus on Lebanese style foods & offer pretty good wines... not too extensive... but I see it growing.  The hookah is just o.k. & pricey!  The live music / singer & band help to make up for the so-so hookah... ;)  Overall, it's a nice place to go & kick back & get together with friends to enjoy a Red Wine! & of course, listen to some music... By the way, they offer a great Lunch Buffet...
4	Wonderful food, great service.  I had had a lot hummus before I went to Ali Baba, but I never really understood how wonderful it could be until Ali Baba.  Also, the Belly Dancer is the hotness.  Kinda felt like I got a lap dance from her, which is nice with dinner.
5	great service and the BEST KEBABS I've ever had! especially the lamb and steak kebab, I don't know how they do it, but it's so tender it almost melts in your mouth. They have a live band bellydancing on the weekends but I've never gone on a weekend, so I can't rate the quality of entertainment.
3	let me fill everyone in on a little known fact about this place. I am middle eastern so I think i know a little more and my review will probably be helpful. When going to Ali Baba you HAVE to go for the buffet only, it is $20 its good food although its a little pricey for a brunch buffet. When eating dinner here its hit or miss. Ive never had a bad experience with the buffet, its good food even though there isn't much variety, but of all the middle eastern places in Vegas this is the best. The dinner on the other hand is not the same. I have had dinner and it was bad. The food is over priced, the hookah is not. Beer and alcohol is also over priced.
5	We came here really late on a Thursday night and I must admit the food is really good. Great hummus, clean and the customer service is a plus. The manger is really nice he was very helpful.
4	Delicious food, excellent service, nice atmosphere. And they finally taught me how to mix the middle eastern oregano and dip the pita bread in it. The falafel was excellent! The hummus was very tasty. The baklalva was the best I've had in Vegas yet, better than most places in NYC.We heard there is Belly Dancing on Friday, Saturday night...
2	Went to Ali Baba last night and that visit will most likely be my last.  The food was great, some of the best I've found in Las Vegas.  The service, on the other hand, was bad enough to offset the good food and make me want to never come back.When I entered the restaurant I stood at the front for five minutes while the owner/manager did 'other things' and didn't even greet me.  Finally I said "two please" and he very slowly grabbed two menus and found a table for me.  The huge restaurant only had two tables occupied, but it still seemed like the host/manager/owner was having difficulty finding a table for me.  As far as food, i ordered a tabbouleh salad, kibbeh nayeh, and chicken shawarma dinner.  I have no complaints about the food, it was quite good in fact.When we finished eating it took one hour from the time we told the waiter we were "all set" to get the check and process our payment.  Other than my table, there was only one other table occupied in the entire restaurant at this time, so its not like they were overwhelmed with business.  Overall very strange service, as neither of the two employees that I saw in the restaurant seemed to enthused to satisfy their customers.Again...food was good...service was terrible.  I will not be returning to Ali Baba.
2	Visited this place because of the restuarant.com coupon my brother had. I printed one myself not knowing we already had one for our group. Needless to say I still have my coupon. Dont really want to go again even with a 25 dollar gift certificate. The food is ok at best, I found stuff half the price and way better in flavor, texture and quality. The shwarna didnt tatse like it came from the tradition spit, I could of fried my own beef/lamb at home way better. The chicken was moist but bland. Damn I miss Zankou chicken..
3	Pros:-BEAUTIFUL decor and ambiance-Free mimosa or champagne with lunch buffet-Cheap buffet-Some dishes were good-This place offers hookah as wellCons:-Very awkward service. Possibly because they're not used to having customers for their lunch buffet (this place was empty)-Most of the dishes I just didn't care forThis place wasn't very special at all. I'm glad I tried the food, but I probably won't come back.
4	Traveling back from Amman and Beirut, I thought I had my fill of Lebanese food, but when I got home, it was calling me.  I went to Ali Baba and with my family and have enjoyed it overall.Not the same as back in the ME, but the staff are nice, if you go early, you are the only ones and get good service. The quail is good, the falafel is good as well. The baba ghanoush is very tasty and the sausages are excellent. Nice place to go with friends and family.
4	Authentic Lebanese Cuisine. I think the interior is pretty nice and the ambiance is great.They  have ethnic music videos and it is quite entertaining. The food was great. I don't know of a restaurant like it in Las Vegas, so if you are looking for something different, come here! Their fresh vegetable salads are very good and different. The soup is very tasty! I am a huge fan!It is definitely comfort food and if you are not used to ethic food then it is possible you may not be become super fan, but I would say if you are an adventurist foodie, like I am, you will really enjoy coming here!
5	My best friend is Middle Eastern and I would always get invited over for dinner compliments of her mother. When they moved away I was on a constant pursuit trying to find authentic (good) Lebanese food in the Las Vegas valley. After years of searching, nothing has come close to Ali Baba's Lebanese cuisine. I like to partake in the weekend all-you-can-eat buffet. It's available Saturday and Sunday from 11am-5pm for $15/person. There is an array of appetizers, entrees and desserts you can choose from. Their shawarma is to die for! YUM-O! The restaurant is decorated nicely with awesome wall murals, they have a dance floor and a live band/singers Fri-Sun night. They offer hookah, they have belly dancers and much more.I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. So go eat there today....and then burn off the calories while trying to belly dance to the tunes ;)
2	So, I used to go pick up hummos and tabbouleh at the Mediterranean grocery that was across the parking lot from Ali Baba.  Stopped by on Monday to find out it was CLOSED!!!  So sad!!So, in a pinch, I ran over to Ali Baba.  I can't tell you how disappointed I was.  The hummos was thick, gluey and bland and the grape leaves were too vinegary.  Rating is up to two stars only because the tabbouleh was very fresh and pretty good, but, I mean, how do you screw up tabbouleh?
5	love tha place espcially the dancer they got there and the huka's.....service its great food excellent......thank u $ bringing these tradiccional cuissine 2 this country.....
1	I kept seeing this place and was very excited to try it. What a MISTAKE. We were literally the only table in the place and got awful service. It took half an hour to get our starter salads, then another forty five minutes for the food. The salad was plain and unappealing. Our shwarmas were so bad my sister and I pawned them off on her boyfriend, who didn't care for them, but was hungry. For a ten dollar lunch special, it was just BAD.After finishing we waited another half an hour for the waiter to reappear with our check. Meanwhile, a man and his son came in and stood up front. After about fifteen minutes, the man finally had to go knock on the kitchen door to get the server back out. I wanted to warn them to run away, but didn't want to be rude, just because I thought it was gross is no reason to chase off their only other table. Needless to say, this was a HUGE waste of money.
1	I am from middle east and I know how the middle eastern food tastes. This restaurant is not as good as the reviews are. Expensive. I went with my wife we had 1 main entree and appetizers with a hookah and paid 100 dollars. Food is below average. Restaurant was empty on a Sunday night. Customer service good. I will not go back to this restaurant since I did not have a good experience.
1	For those reviewing this restaurant and saying this is like a Lebanese mother cooking for you, I want to extend my deepest apologies for your mother's cooking. ;) But on a more serious note...The service was some of the worst I have encountered, even if the manager was nice about it (he served us because I guess he doesn't have enough clientele to warrant hiring anyone else... but doesn't that mean he needs to change something up?)The hummus was okay. I was disappointed to have paid so much for it and the pita bread was ...well, I can get better at Trader Joe's. For that matter, save your money and grab hummus and pitas at Trader Joe's.Don't do the shawarma. Don't. Seriously. I moved far away from my beloved Mediterranean favorite restaurant and now I cannot find anything to replace it with. My 50.00 bill from Ali Baba was a kick in the stomach, or was it the Shawarma that was a kick in the stomach?To add insult to injury, I was late for a movie because it took 40 minutes to get a check from the manager while he was hanging out in the kitchen. Really? 40 minutes without checking on a table? You would be fired for that at my work.
5	This is a great place. The food is excellent and the atmosphere is wonderful. The live entertainment and belly dancers and hookah are fantastic. It's a great experience.
5	We were there over the weekend.  Great food.  The hummus was excellent, as was the roasted chichken (with fries no less) and chicken kaboobs.  By accident perhaps, there was a small shaker of seasonings and sesame seeds.  Put this on the hummus.  Wonderful!!
1	This place is a joke and the CLOWN they call the manager should be fired and the place shut down !  Came here with family we weren't sure already about the place but it was recommended on Zabihah, so hesitantly  we decided to give it a try Boy was that a mistake! If I could give this place  NEGATIVE 5 stars I would have. We ordered our food with the recommendation of the waiter who was nice and friendly, everyones food came out and mines came 10 minutes later. The Hummas is WHACK  first off its like 80 % tahini our bread was BURNED  but they  still served it  to us. We came right at 5 and the restraunt was DEAD  empty, then suddenly two musicians showed up and started to play and practice off beat music, at a loud annoying volume when we were the only paying customer in the entire restraunt. The two weekend performers acted like they owned the place and abused  it like it was their personal studio. We asked him to stop for 10 minutes  so we can have and finish our meal in peace , instead he turned around and asked for another five minutes of torture because he was practiccing a song he planned  to record.  We waited 5 minutes which became 15 and he increased the volume the horrid amature hour  continued. It was so loud and obnoxious I had to leave the restraunt for air leaving my meal entirely untouched. The manager who was a brick of walking stupidity came and pretended to offer hollow customer service he told us the  the performers  don't speak English ( even though we told them in Arabic.)The  lazy disgusting excuse for a  Managmer provided every excuse except customer service. We left our meals and didn't not take  anything. The bill was 120 for 4 people the scum manager then offered to give a free meal for 2 people only the next time we come, but there's 4 of us and we would never come back  to this  shotty excuse for Lebanese cuisine.
4	I was there for dinner. It was almost empty on the weekday night I went. Food was good particularly the salad. Service was attentive though only one waiter. Nice environment. Located in a mall, difficult to find. Prices reasonable. Good place for Arabic food.
4	Okay, I have no reference in much Lebanese or Middle Eastern food other than a container of Hummus and pita chips I bought from Costco on their demo days  and some kebabs from those outdoor food fairs.  I came here for  a lunch special for one of those lunch birthday during work kinda thing about 2 years ago. The lunch special was buffet style and I tried everything in the buffet line.  The staff  was friendly and everything tasted different, which is a good thing.  I even tried to make some of these dishes myself using a quick Google search...fail.  Anyway, I have to try some other place to compare. Yes, it was two years ago but my palette remembers.  All in all, I  would go back again.
3	An extra star for the decor.  The place is beautiful!  It was a Tuesday night and I met a friend for dinner.  She's half-Lebanese and this was her turf, food and location-wise.  She wanted grape leaves; I don't like them, so we settled on hummus and spinach pie for appetizers.  The hummus was okay, the spinach pie less so - four or five phyllo triangles stuffed with a dry spinach mixture.For the main course we ordered "Tasty Salmon", which is supposed to be "char-grilled fresh salmon with rosemary and lemon juice served with a special spinach sauce".  There was no char, I didn't taste any rosemary and lemon juice, and the special spinach sauce was an orange-colored cream sauce with a few flecks of spinach.  The menu had no mention of cream in this sauce.  Cream and I have a love-hate relationship.  Overall, it tasted okay, but nothing special.  The salmon was a smallish portion, but it came with a huge mound of rice pilaf, and vegetables just this side of the freezer.Service was very friendly and good at the beginning, but later on, when the big space was crowded with just two more tables (!), it was somewhat hard to get the waiter's attention.My friend said that the beautiful patio fronting the restaurant is new.  Unfortunately, it was brutally hot and even steamy, so there was no way we were going to sit outside.  But since this restaurant is way on the other side of town, I'm unlikely to savor that patio. There are too many better, closer restaurants.  It's a shame, because decor like that deserves food worthy of its surroundings.
1	Dont't pay with credi/ATMt card. They will change the tip line. I think it was the manager that did it too.
4	So since i moved to vegas and always looking for a great Lebanese spot this place was great. I have been there twice. Portions are big and the prices are reasonable. They have the Kebbeh Neyyeh wich is always one of my favs. The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because the service was really slow at the end of the night.
2	Its ok. Not reall impressive if you are middleeastern. Food is cold and service is disorganized. They can do better. Environment is a bit unique with live middle eastern music. The waiter was very nice and polite.
4	I haven't tried everything on the menu because I am such a fan of the mazza and grand mezza platters!  So much good food in generous portions for a very reasonable price.
4	This is a really great place for chow.The grub is great!The service is even better. This is one restaurant that is worth a visit.
2	Definitely not a good place to eat with friends, especially on a budget. There are cheaper and better Lebanese food out there. You are paying for over priced food and lack of service.
3	I took my mom out to lunch & she wanted to try this place. I had a falafel sandwich & she had the beef shwarma sandwich. The food was very well prepared. The hostess & server (manager) were both friendly & courteous.  My only complaint is the service was pretty slow and we were the only people in the restaurant.
4	I ordered just a bunch of appetizers. Hummus, Baba Ghanooj, Kibe Nayyi, fried kibe, yogurt, black tea and a hookah at the end. Everything was great. I would only tone down the cumin just a bit in the kibe nayyi. Service was great, and it was fast. A place to visit every time I'm in Vegas. Maybe I'll plan my next visit so I'm here over a Weekend to enjoy the live entertainment.
2	I don't think I have to go back.  Food was slightly below average and the place was kind of dirty.  There was still food from whomever ate at the table last all over the floor like the place needed to be vacuumed.  Since we went for lunch my guess is it was there from the night before. I'd skip this place
4	While I can't attest to the lunch buffet everyone has spoke about in previous reviews, I can attest I had a fantastic dinner here. Started out with Mezza (translates to appetizer in Arabic) which includes; hommos, tabbouleh, baba ghanouj, labneh, falafel and grape leaves. I'm very picky about grape leaves and falafel these were probably some of the best I've had, along with the baba ghanouj. This was huge and I could have easily just eaten this without ordering an entree. This could be split 4 ways, they also offer Grand Mezza, which is twice the amount of food. Only place in town to get Kebbeh Nayah, which is a definite if you come. A good accompaniment is Arak, it is to Lebanon as Ouzo is to Greece. It is 100 proof, delicious and I prefer over Ouzo or Sambucca. The way to drink it is over ice mixed with flat water. It is very smooth. For my entree I went with the seafood kabab, included a full salmon fillet and marinated shrimp. This was delicious. My date ordered the lamb shank which is supposed to be a house specialty (I'm not a fan of shank anything, so this was not my fav), but he gave it two thumbs up. Lots if Arabic desserts, try the Kanefeh, Maamoud and Lebanese Ice Cream. This place gets busy on the weekends around 10pm, they have live music (Arabic) and the belly dancers start at midnight. The atmosphere was good, large room, painted murals, comfy couches to sit and enjoy a hookah.
4	Lebanese Food...Don't Mind If I DoThere are some foods in this world that make me wonder, how did I ever grow up without this?? Lebanese food is one these! My friend Nicole and I were going out for lunch the other day and decided to try Ali Baba, a Lebanese restaurant. Upon arrival the waitress was outside and greeted us with a friendly hello. As we entered the restaurant I couldn't help but take in all the decor...the Tiffany inspired chandlers, the paintings on the wall (which turned out to be wall paper), the pillars, the long tables, and the dance floor with a stage that was set up to play bands. There was only one group of dinners in the restaurant and there wasn't any music playing, which was a little unsettling. But we decided to go forth and see what the experience could bring us!The menu was quit detailed, so if it was your first time eating Lebanese food, you'd know what you would be getting into. It all looked so good to me! We ended up ordering some hummus, tabbouleh, a shawarma sandwich and a chicken taouk sandwich. We decided that we would share everything! The hummus was so tasty, just like it should be. So creamy and smooth with a buttery taste. The tabbouleh was amazing with the finely minced parsley, diced tomatoes, onions, cracked wheat, mint, extra virgin olive oil, and lemon juice! Very yummy...I could eat it every day! The shawarma sandwich was good. This sandwich is usually marinated in yogurt and spices over night, although, I'm not sure what this places uses as the marinade. It did come with tahini sauce, garlic, lemon juice, seasoned onions, sliced tomato and pickles. The chicken taouk sandwich wasn't as good but I think that's because of the garlic sauce they put in it. If you dare to eat this sandwich, make sure you don't have to be up-close and personal with someone! The chicken was char-grilled served with garlic sauce, tomatoes and pickles. Both sandwiches came with french fries, which I thought was a little odd. I would have preferred a small side of hummus or babganoush instead.Over all, we stuffed ourselves and had leftovers! I will go back when the craving for hummus is calling! But I would wait till later in the day for when the band and belly dancers show up!  I can't wait to see them perform in person! http://inapplesworld.blogspot.com/
2	I am a great fan of Middle Eastern cuisine. I am fortunate to be able to travel to the Middle East yearly and eagerly seek out Middle Eastern restaurants when I come to a new city. I was very disappointed with the food at Ali Baba. Overcooked meats, yes I know Arabs like their meat well done, but I ordered rare hoping for medium rare. No such luck. Gamey lamb, tasteless entrees. The worst backlawa ever, washed down by the worst coffee ever. How can backlawa be this bad? Service is friendly, courteous and professional. Shisha is served table side, so know that as you are eating there is the possibility that those around you may be smoking. I'm cool with it, but the initiated may be surprised. The Shisha is regularly attended to by staff members circling the room. This place really comes alive weekend nights. There is live music with popular Arabic songs performed. There is a dance floor and many of the mature diners dance into the wee hours of the morning. Overall this place is about the Arabic experience, and they do a good job. It's just unfortunate the food is so bad.
1	I regret to say that our dinner experience was quite terrible here. Our food was bad- the spinach pie was off and the soup was rancid. The service was slow. We were left at our table waiting for 30 minutes waiting for a check after we declined dessert. Not many vegetarian options.
1	They microwaved their bread so long that it was hard like a rock when it cooled downed.  I sent back two appetizers because they were microwaved and just disgusting.  Don't order anything is pastry puff.  The lamb was soooo tough it was not edible.  Waitress argued this is how they aways made it, and she ate it every day.  Too bad for her!  Don't waste your money on this overpriced, poor quality food.  And when they say it includes pine nuts in the dish, don't believe it unless you have a microscope and are willing to search for it!!!  So so bad, ugh, $60 for 3 apps and 1 entree... what a waste!!!!
5	While Ali Baba no longer offers the weekend AYCE buffet as I previously reviewed a few years back, I still dine here frequently with my family. Our "go to" dishes are the beef shawarma plate, tabouli, chicken kabobs and their hot & fresh pita bread. The "Mom" is always there slaving away in the kitchen. She as well as the servers always have a smile on their face and "Mom" will make a point to greet our table. She always makes my daughter a shirley temple (extra cherries) and gives her extra bread to make her happy.Fantastic customer service and great quality food!!
4	Here's the real skinny on Ali Baba - either you're going to hate it or love it. There's probably not much in between.As for me, my husband and I attended a friend's birthday party here on a Saturday night. As other reviews have mentioned this place gets poppin' on the weekends. My husband and I arrived as the first of the anyone in the party to get there. We were seated at one of the many long tables. That's a thing with Ali Baba, it does seem as though they tend to serve large groups, not small dining parties. I wonder if this is because of a tradition in Lebanese culture? I'm not sure.Anyway, the place is dimly lit, with a disco ball spinning in one corner above the dance floor and musician's stage. There is a bar area toward the back. The whole of the restaurant is painted with Middle Eastern type scenes. On Saturday night they have a band and a singer (yes, a real singer) who sings VERY loudly and everyone cheers and claps and some people sing along. Well, the only way you can sing along is if you know what language he is singing in! People get up and dance all through the night and through their dinners. The singer roams the dining area enticing people to sing and clap with him. it's like a Mexican place that has a band/singers, but taken to the next level. By the way, they do hookah here directly on the tables while food is being served. So, if that ain't in your ball park, go elsewhere or it's going to seriously ruin your dining experience if others in the restaurant are partaking of the option, which our party was. I thought it was deliciously naughty and fun to be able to smoke, eat, and drink all at the same time. ;)As for the food and drinks, and this is honestly one of only two dings I had regarding our experience here. I find the pricing to be a little much. My husband ordered a Jack and Coke and it cost him $10 (plus tip). I mean yikes. That's crazy. Plus, the food is NOT cheap. You can get food such as this elsewhere at lower prices. What we had food-wise was appetizer plates split between our entire group. We got two orders of their Grand Mezza (which was actually too much for 10 people). It came with: Hommos, Tabbouleh, Baba Ghanouj, Labneh, Falafel, Kebbehballs, Mixed Pies (Cheese, Spinach, Meat), Fool Medamas, Sujok, Bastermaand Grape Leaves. I honestly cannot at this point in time remember what I actually ate, although I tried to get a bit of everything. I thought everything had great flavor and was tasty. The only thing I did not like was the Bastermaand Grape Leaves. Too much of a bitter flavor. I think I would have to go back and really sit down and know what I was eating to really give a good review on the food. But overall, for our party these dishes worked well.We also ordered two bottles of Arak for the table. This is the national alcoholic drink of Lebanon and it is 100 proof liquor and it is not cheap. We all imbibed and we were all very merry. We danced and clapped and ate and smoked and danced some more and ate and drank some more.Honestly I loved partying here! I thought it was fun. The only issue I had was that it was just a tad too loud to hear much of what my party was saying. Besides the loudness and the high-prices Ali Baba was an awesome time. I would defintiely recomend if you are lookiing for something a bit different for a large group party.
1	Went here the other night and service was HORRIBLE! At first they refused to seat us inside even though there were plenty of open seats. After a long wait they did seat us, but then (after 30 minutes with only water) never took our order, even after we asked several times. We left and will never return. Way to make your guests feel extremely unwanted and uncomfortable Ali Baba. Go to Pasha if you want good food and service.
1	BIT BY SCORPION THAT DROPPED FROM CEILING DURING DINNER:  On October 28, 2013 my husband and myself along with six other couples went to eat at Ali Baba.  We are fairly regular customers there and have always enjoyed the food, service, etc.  (Even though there is hardly ever anyone in there and there are far too many tables jammed into their space).  We were enjoying our dinner and were just winding things up when a scorpion fell from the ceiling and bit my husband twice..once on the neck and once on his chest.  It caused much alarm and distress among our table, needless to say.  The waiter was alerted to what had just taken place and with absolutely no sense of urgency whatsoever wanders back into the kitchen and comes back several minutes later with a mumbled apology and says they will, 'take $25 off our tab'...which, by the way, was well over $300!  My husband was very sick for several days after because of this and we are still considering legal action!  STAY AWAY...it was a baby scorpion that dropped from the ceiling where there was a small hole!  I'm fairly certain that was not the only one up there!!!  I'm not sure which was more distressing:  My husband getting bit by a scorpion in this restaurant or their COMPLETE and utter lack of concern for what had just happened!!
3	3 1/2 stars. Stumbled upon Ali Baba Cuisine by mistake when I made a wrong turn into this strip center. It was lunch and there was only one other patron besides myself.My waitress was super friendly and I chose the beef shawarma sammie - combo of lamb, beef seasoned marinated and served with tarator sauce, garlic, lemon juice, seasoned onions, tomatoes and pickles. The sammie was served with fries for $10.00 The sammie was decent although my wrap was  soggy due to the excess sauces.At night I can imagine this place could be fun with live music, hookah and a dance large dance floor.
5	We got the small mezzanine and the chicken touak. We got the at 9:30 after a show and the food was very fresh. Was very good and the service was amazing. Definitely try this place. We're going back soon!
4	Great hookah. I've also ordered some appetizers which were just all right. Service was great though !!!
2	Went here last night with my wife and another couple.  We were absolutely the only people inside the restaurant, while what looked like the owner/manager and two friends were smoking hookah outside.      After waiting about 3-4 minutes we were greeted at the table as we had come a few minutes behind our friends who had already ordered drinks.  The owner/manager I mentioned earlier was our waiter because he didn't seem to be wearing any kind of serving uniform.       After we ordered our food about 10 minutes went by at which point a man who was clearly the cook (wearing apron) came up to us, hurriedly, to take our order.  We told him we had already ordered, and he asked who took the order and we pointed to the manager coming through the door with ingredients bought at a nearby market.  He ran up to him then they both ran back to the kitchen together. OK so they ran out of ingredients, and clearly the cook had no idea anyone was inside the restaurant or had ordered for those first 10 minutes.       About 20 minutes later we got our food, which was OK, definitely not anything great.  The chicken shawarma looked like it had been thrown together rather quickly and not really fully cooked (probably because they were trying to rush after having to go to the market to get ingredients).       I had a beer but my wife had ordered a Mojito.  BIG mistake... it was absolutely terrible, did not taste anything even remotely close to a Mojito.  It was so bad even I wouldn't finish it just for the buzz.     Then we waited for our check.....and waited....and waited..... and waited.  The manager walked past us towards his little office near the front of the restaurant twice, without saying a word to us.  Then he went outside for about 5 minutes.... then came back and went to the kitchen... then finally came over and asked us if we needed anything.   Uhhhh yea the check, we've been sitting here for 13-15 minutes.       So finally the check came... and WOW! Each beer (12 oz.) was $5.  The previously mentioned absolutely terrible Mojito was a whopping $9.  The other dishes were $13-$19.  The Chicken Shawarma was $16 but definitely not worth more than $12.  So everything was definitely overpriced.       I would come back here if I had no other options, but if there is another Lebanese place open within about 15 miles I would go there rather than here.....     Freakin $9 "Mojito"???
4	Great cuisine and service. Very authentic but can be enjoyed by anyone. The quality and preparation of the food is excellent. Many delicious options for vegetarians. We've been on various Saturday nights when they have live music and it is a great atmosphere. The staff is very polite and attentive. Highly recommend.
5	The cuisine at Ali Baba's is sensational.  Big portions, everything is fresh and tasty.  The wine lists are fantastic and the atmosphere...fantastic.  I never felt like I was in a standard restaurant, all involved from the owners to the servers make sure that you feel like family and bend over backwards to please you.  The foods are served in a timely manner, nice and warm and the veggies....WOW!  Would I go back?  Absolutely!  Do I recommend?  Highly!!  You are missing out on a wonderful experience in all ways.  Go go go!!!  :-)
4	Came after work with a Co worker.  The staff was super friendly and the food was full of flavor.  Mmmm a new favorite will be coming back again and again.
1	One star is too much for this place! I hated it. We went in the afternoon the waitress was a jerk and the food was like I was swallowing garlic
5	An excellent experience all the way around. The place was buzzing on Saturday evening. Very vibrant, lively setting. Fabulous food. Amazing atmosphere (live music and belly dancing). Beautiful people, all of whom were very friendly. Will definitely return.
1	The worst Arabic restaurant I ever dined into. My lamb shank was not done at all it felt like I am eating tires instead of lamb. Also, the tomato paste was TOO much to the point the food was tasting sweet instead of salty and there was no taste of spices at all. Also, the kenafeh I ordered was TOO old and it felt like nylon in my mouth. Bad food for very high price. STRONGLY not recommended. For the money you'll pay in it, you would find a lot tastier and cheaper places.
5	I love baba ghanoush and this is the best I've ever had.  The lentil soup is to die for as well everything is delicious highly recommended.
4	Our first time trying this cuisine. Delicious. Middle Eastern spices are so interesting!  Great food, atmosphere and very friendly service. Spinach pies are hot and delicious with a bright lemony flavor. Be sure to save room for dessert. Although we missed it, live music and belly dancers on the weekends. We will definitely be back.
