4	It is difficult for any first time mom to leave their child in the care of someone else. When I had to choose a daycare, I scoured the internet for countless hours in hope of finding the right place for my baby. One day we received a brochure in the mail for Children's Learning Adventure. My husband and I were blown away by the photos and the description of their programs. We thought there was no way that this place was too good to be true and definitely out of our price range.My husband called to inquire about their rates and they are surprisingly comparable to other daycares. Of course, licensed in-home daycares are much more affordable, but we decided to go on a tour to appease our curiosity. Once we walked-in to the center, we fell in love at first sight. The place looks like a school that fosters learning and creativity. It is also very secure because you need to use your fingerprint to get in. My favorite part of all is that it is so clean! They take cleanliness seriously. You have to take off your shoes or put on shoe covers before going into the rooms. When the caretakers change diapers, they put on gloves. There are separate rooms to change diapers and for food preparation. The cribs are constantly sanitized and that was very important to us.The entire staff has been phenomenal. They are very flexible and accommodating of our needs. We know the teachers take good care of him. I love how they provide a report of how much/when he ate, when his diaper was changed, nap times, and what he learned that day. On Fridays they have themes like Pajama Day or Dress Up Like Your Favorite Book Character. I'm not sure how the programs are for other ages, but I feel content in the care they provide for my baby.
5	My son was enrolled at CLA for two years and my daughter is currently enrolled.   We've been very pleased so far with everything. The staff is all hands on.  My son loved his teachers and they did a great job prepping him for kindergarten. He excelled in almost every area of his diagnostic tests that he took before beginning.
5	I've searched high and low for not just a day care where someone will "watch" my child, but for a facility where people actually care about the children. I have found just that at Childrens Learning Adventure! The staff is so warm and welcoming. They teach your children even at such a young age. In the baby room they have activities they are doing with them. A super plus is that they are a very clean place! That's important to me. I also love how organized it is. They give me a report everyday when I pick up my child of what and when she ate and diaper changes and nap times. My daughter starting attending CLA when she was 15mo...she is now 2years and she just loves it. It make me feel so good when I go to pick her up and she actually wants to stay, that means she's enjoying it. I know she is too because I sometimes stay and watch her. They have cameras in every room and before I leave I watch for a little bit. This place is just awesome!! Go and check it out for your self, you wont be disappointed!! :)
5	We were really nervous about having our daughter attend day care because we had been very lucky to have family watch her. However, Children's Learning Adventure showed us what a positive, rewarding experience it could be. She is very shy but really started coming out of her shell while she attended CLA. She loved her teachers and I loved how safe the facility and staff made me feel about her attending their location. The security doors and sign in features are great and all of the staff was always very friendly and professional. The kids do lots of cute projects and the teachers take the time to talk to you about your kid(s) each day. The lunches served were healthy and very kid friendly. The facility was always clean and welcoming and the teachers were always warm and affectionate with the kiddos.Unfortunately, we recently moved out of state to a city where they do not have a CLA. We have started a new daycare but I really miss CLA and the staff! Their standards for a childcare facility are very hard to beat/find!
1	During the tour we were impressed! We love that they taught the children and had learning activities.  We were also happy to find out that they offered organic fruits for lunch. We also liked that they told us that the child To teacher ratio would be 6-1. We especially liked that they said the toys were cleaned every day by putting them in a bucket of water and Clorox then dried over night. We were so excited that we paid early for my child to attend the following week. Sadly we found all of this to be untrue. We took our child to the school to give her the tour and get her used to the environment. That's when found that the child to student ratio was 10-1 not 6-1 like we were told. The fruit was not "sometimes" organic, the children at my daughters age do not do learning experiments and the toys are not soaked in Clorox everyday. We also found that the teachers had a hard time trying to keep control of the students. We saw about 5 students playing with water in the sink for about 15 min near the restroom that was behind a wall. There was another student that was able to get a sharp coloring pencil and play with it for sometime. Lucky none was hurt due to the child waving it around. There was also another child that was aggressive toward other children several times who did not have his behavior corrected. After seeing all this we decided not to have our child attend the this school. I spoke to the director and explained our concerns and reasons for not having our child attend this school. I also asked if we could have our money back because our child did not attend a single day of this school. She said that they do not give refunds and I would have to send her an email stating our concerns and she would forward that email to her regional manager. Under the circumstances I don't see why I would have to do anything but collect the money I paid for a service i did not use nor was provided to me to the effect that was promised to me during our initial tour.
