5	Try the duck noodles and the esan classics! I loved the som tam and BBQ chicken. They have many choices to try I will have to go back after work and try them again. The service was very friendly and everyone was smiling.  I can't wait to go back, I'm glad they are open late so I can get to go orders.
5	Love Thai food, nice restaurant and good food. Should try raw shrimp lemon salad and thai duck noodle soup
5	nice atmosphere&decorations. It is very cozy. Music is very relaxed. There is a ton of Thai good to try. Foods are great. I like Crispy Onchoy salad. So good. Grilled BBQ Pork is very tender. Sauce is on point. Seafood Delight served w/ hot pan. This is a new Thai restaurant that u must try!!!!  I ll come back to try the other soon.
3	The decor and the food are big upgrades from what was here in it's previous incarnation as Pam Real Thai. First off, heads up that their online menu and their in-store charges are different: I find this both dishonest and suspicious, considering they just opened so it's not like the menu actually changed. I ordered the thai thai noodle ($13 online) and was charged $15- I pointed out this discrepancy and the cashier simply said, "Yeah I know." Really? Then why was I charged incorrectly? Don't like how this was handled.THAI THAI NOODLE dish was just okay: ground beef, two shrimp, and some octopus with a ton of bean sprouts and a few rice noodles. PUMPKIN CURRY was tasty but way too spicy- ordered both dishes the same spice level (3) but they were drastically different. Lack of consistency is problematic, what's the point of a scale if you don't adhere to it?Received a complimentary order of pad thai rolls (crispy spring rolls with noodles inside!)- they weren't given to me in response to the pricing issue, but seemed to be a Grand Opening special. Tasty!
5	Good food,affordable,open late and the chef will make adjustments for your spice level.
5	The restaurant so nice, They have authentic Thai food from big chef, They have karaoke at night for party or hang out  with friends, Try yum sam krob & noodle soup it so good  !!!
5	Best Thai in Las Vegas, curry is excellent and Pim was very nice, crab fried rice was awesome, if you come to Vegas you need to come to Khum chai, and they have live music and karaoke, best Xmas day dinner yet
5	Looking for some spicy or sweet? Maybe even both! Khun Chai Thai restaurant offers that.The food is very well made, the curry is very tasty and they make it it very spicy which makes it better. Their fried rice was delightful and filling. Mixing both curry and rice and a very great combinations a created. Their water was very refreshing, and tasted purified. If you're hungry and close by here drop by and have a taste of their food. You won't regret it.
4	My friend and I were really craving spicy Thai food. Many places were closed as it is was 2am. This place said it was new and open so we decided to try it out. It was empty but I didn't care. My friend got shrimp Pad Thai and I got shrimp pad see ew. It was delicious! My spice level was 3 and it was perfect. Their Tom yum soup was really good too. Service was okay but not bad. Over all I loved this place. Excited to come back with new friends.
5	Friendly staff and delicious food! I recommend the papaya salad with pineapple fried rice.
5	Very delicious food. I found this place in yelp with good rating, and they didnt dispointed me. The service is 5-star too. Best Thai food I've ever had.
