5	I've been coming to this gym for almost 3 years.  Changed from LA Boxing to UFC Gym. Punching and kicking a bag is not only a great workout but also a great way to release stress.  I love the 6AM class, the perfect way to start my day.  The trainers are great! Thank you Erick, Andrea and Danny. TRX training begins next week.
5	Love this gym! Danny & Eric are awesome for kickboxing classes. Use lots of muscles I never knew I had. Toned, healthier and happier! Thanks UFC Gym. Def there at least 3x week plus cab always use gym facilities.
5	I love this place.  Even if you're an overweight, out-of-shape, never-boxed-before schlub like me, you can find a class you will enjoy.  Some trainers are better than others for total newbies (seek out Ryan's and Dylan's boxing/kickboxing classes--they're great for beginners), but all of them are fun.  Basically, with this kind of workout, you just push yourself to your limit, and each person is different.  Even if you get gassed and leave early, you'll feel a sense of accomplishment, and your classmates don't look askance.  The gym facilities are clean and simple: some weights, a couple of machines, but mostly just boxing bags.  That's all you need anyway.  Take a free class: you'll be glad you did.
4	My girlfriend went here and was unhappy at first, she ended up canceling due to a misunderstanding. About a week later she was contacted by the management to resolve the mix up. She went back today and signed back up. At least they care enough about their business to try and reach out to customers and retain them. She really likes the classes and is now happy!
5	Been coming here for 3 years, trained with about 10 trainers and they are all amazing for one reason or another.Here is why this place is so perfect for me-Can't afford private training-Working out alone leads to too many weak workouts and periodic slumps-Working out in a group keeps a trainer up my A$$ while diluting the cost In other words, I'm getting great workouts for a price that I can affordI am healthier, stronger and better to protect myself due to my regular regiment of attending their 1 hours workout sessions.I highly, highly, highly recommend this place!
