5	This place and its owner/operators are the best.  Phong and his wife are pleasant, fun, and have great stories.  They have a good selection of import beers and Phong even ordered in something for us that he did not normally stock.  The prices are reasonable and he has all of your convenience needs on top of the great beer and liquor.
5	This place has a great selection of brew. Lots of unusual imports and microbrewz. The owner Phong is the shit as well, love that guy.
5	The selection of imports is excellent! I do not shop anywhere else! I love the owners and the staff.
5	Drop the convenience and you got yourself an all-start liquor store. For some reason, walking in and seeing bags of chips, slim jims and shampoo does nothing for me. So, going forward, I shall call this place "Star Liquor Store." And what better name to have on Yelp, eh? Especially when the booze selection earns 5 Yelp stars. I'll un-cap (get it?) the star-worthy appeal:+They sell the White Chocolate Ale from a local AZ brewery (it's amazing)+You can pick up a single pint glass or beer mug (wine glasses too)+They carry Rogue and most all other major West coast breweries+Their wine selection is impressive and they have liquor too!+Their prices are competitive and cheaper than BevMoThis is fast becoming my fave spot to stop. You won't have to fight the noise or crowd of Papago to pick up a 6-pack. And the owners are super nice with excellent service.Check out their site: http://www.starlc.com/
5	Cheapest kegs in town. And don't forget about the 89 cent bags of ice. A regular stop for the ASU Tailgate Team before a game. Phong is mos def the shit. He's been sellin me booze since back when he owned T's liquor on Dorsey. "What time is it... Par-T-time!"
5	Awesome place. Neat, clean, organized & the employees are great!
1	My boyfriend and I have been going to star liquor for the last six months, usually 3 to 4 times a week. We pick them because they are locally owned and like to help support,BUT after tonight I won't return!!!!! The owner was extremely rude and has been the last few times we've been. My boyfriend always pays with his debt card and it's not it the best shape, because its USED. Yes, it's time to get a new card, but turning away business because his card it pretty old is not good business. The owner didn't even bother asking if we had another card ( which I did!!!) or cash to pay with. He said "Go somewhere else"..... Really??? I was stunned and now just mad! Went across the street to QT lol it's the same price, but still angry that he turned away our business over a card. I guess QT just came into a lot more business from us!
5	Every college student's paradise. Not a college student? Fine, but you'll still love this place. Star is by far the best liquor store I've ever seen. It's not that big, but every square inch is packed with what you need to get the party started.One wall is lined with craft beer. You can pick up a six pack of well known microbrews and local beers. There are also individual bottles of Rogue, and some other stuff that'll knock you off your feet.There's an extensive liquor selection, too. Everything I could ask for, and lots I've never even heard of is behind the counter, and at very competitive prices when compared to larger chains like BevMo and Total Wine. Speaking of wine, Star has a nice rack. I didn't bother to check them (sadly, no one besides myself enjoys wine at parties), but I did take note of the sake lined up on top. There were even some sake bomb kits! Amazing.I also love the freezer dedicated to munchies (like...every brand of frozen pizza), and the separate freezer just for Jagermeister!Telling you any more about this place would require me to put my liver in harm's way. It fears this store.
3	The first thing I think of when I walk in here is the movie "Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood," haha WOW! That lady is everywhere and I keep waiting for her to pop up out of the freezer and say, "can I help you!" I want to walk in with a sign that reads, "I'm not a thief!" This place is right across the street from me and they have a huge selection of beer, wine, liquor and a few random convenient store items thrown in . If you're looking for something weird you can't usually find, they will have it for sure, but it's gonna cost you. If you want your basic case of beer, definitely go elsewhere!!
4	Super friendly service all the time and a nice selection of liquors I can't find and neighboring liquor stores. They also carry everything from cereal boxes to cleaning products. Haha an easy one stop shop with good alcohol prices.
5	Awesome pricing. They have just about anything you'd be looking for here.
