5	We've been going to Shuck's for the last 10 years whenever we visit Las Vegas. We always leave stuffed and happy. The bar is great, and we enjoyed the excellent selection of draft beers. Their clambake is fantastic, feeding two people generously for around $26. Everything is steamed together in a pleasantly spiced broth: a pound of small clams, lots of Dungeness crab and snow crab, a long split leg of king crab, plus quartered red potatoes and two coblets of corn. The Dungeness crab was fantastic, and the snow crab some of the best I've ever had. Ask for a spoon so you don't waste the broth; it's great on the potatoes.We've also recently eaten the seafood bisque, nicely spiced and very tasty; the linguini with clams in white sauce, delicious and extremely generous with probably a pound of clams in the shell atop a huge portion of well-cooked pasta; and oysters Rockefeller, stunning with a squeeze of lemon to bring out the tastes. Shuck's has a good selection of seafood, pastas, oysters served raw or cooked, burgers, breakfasts, and more. It's a great place to go when you want to get away from the hubbub and crowds. It's open 24/7 and is well worth the trip.
4	My friends took to me to Shucks when I got to Vegas.  We wanted to avoid the strip since everything was overpriced an crowded.  I've heard great reviews from them, for the fresh crab and awesome fries.  They were not kidding.We started off starving, and decided to order the waffle cut fries.  They were soooooooooooooo good.  I love fries that we are crunchy on the outside and soft and gooey in the inside.  I would go back just for the fries.  Then we had the clam bake for 4.  There were only 3 of us and we ate everything!  It was good.  The king crab was kind of bland, but the dungeness was good and fresh.I was sad to see the last crab leg go, but boy was this a good place.
4	A seafood restaurant that's open 24 hours?  No f-----g way!!! Oh yes, and what better place to find it than Las Vegas. A few of us head over here after the club. We order the crab combo bucket for our table. It contained snow, dungeness, and Alaskan king crab legs, and was served with drawn butter. Oy!  As if that wasn't enough (There were only three of us =P), we also order a hot & cold seafood platter with more Alaskan crab legs, fried oysters, calamari, and shrimp ceviche. All I have to say is, I'm so glad I'm not allergic to shellfish. I normally go nuts just at the sight of cocktail shrimp at the buffet when I'm over in Sin City, but this definitely tops it. Our server came by later holding a shot glass and asked which one of us liked chocolate martinis. All eyes moved towards me and my friend mentioned it was my birthday. He handed me the shot, which I downed immediately. It was very good, not too strong. This is a good place to hit up if you want to get off the Strip.
5	Shuck's has the best breakfast deal in town!  Everything on the menu is $3.95!  There are so many options too.  Breakfast is weekdays midnight til 11 AM and weekends midnight til 1 PM.  I enjoyed the veggie omelette which has oven roasted tomatoes (mmm), fresh mushrooms, spinach, and swiss, plus delicious breakfast potatoes (just as good as Egg Works), and choice of toast.  It was seat yourself today, so I sat down and immediately ordered my drink which appeared in front of me before i looked up, then 3 different waitstaff in the area were around and service was lightning fast.  My food really was outstanding, the tea got refilled when it was low, and service was friendly.  They have habanero tabasco on the table so I got to try that, mmmm!When I got my check, my waitress graciously gave me a to go cup filled with iced tea without my asking.  The price was right and the portions are plentiful.  I tipped 50% and filled out the comment card.  I look forward to returning  for the seafood some time with friends.UPDATED 9/20/09Had another outstanding breakfast today!  The spinach and egg white burrito was awesome, the salsa perfectly fresh, and the potatoes still great.  Also got great service.  Such a good deal!
3	The service is the best part of this little tavern in front of Sam's Club out in the vegas burbs. We ordered a couple of po boys to share between the 4 of us and they brought us out 4 well presented plates each with a half order of waffle fries, a half a po boy and OUR VERY OWN MONSTER PICKLE SPEAR.  I very nearly cried, and not just from the crisp dillness that swathed over me.The fries were great, but the po boy was on the po side (I had 2 babies in mine) but otherwise well constructed. Their prices seem on the high side,  but I'd definitely come back again, cos their clam bake sounded great.  3 1/2 stars!
4	So what do you do when you are craving seafood at 11pm on a wednesday?You go to Shucks of course!  I had been craving some raw oysters all week and finally, enough was enough, I was gonna get me some oysters.I was a little nervous about a 24/7 seafood joint walking in.  I even boldly went ahead and ordered one of my favorite soups, a seafood bisque.  Ordering soup at midnight doesn't inspire 'freshness' in my mind.Well all my fears were put to rest when the food was brought out and I took my first bite.  The soup was great with a little bit of spice, just how I like it.  I also got the Oyster Trio, which is 2 half shells, 2 Rockefellers, and 2 fried oysters.  All of them were excellent.  I particularly enjoyed the Rockefellers with a squirt of lemon juice and the raw ones with the cocktail sauce they give you.From midnight - 6am, they introduce a cheap graveyard menu of $1 oysters and $4.99 calamari among other things.  The regualr menu is still available and huge, everything from entrees to pastas to combination buckets to salads to tacos.  They also do happy hours and weekly specials ($1 oyster thursday caught my eye).Their $3.95 any item breakfast and clam bake have got some rave reviews on here, and I'm not surprised.I will definitely be back here again (no matter the hour of day).
5	well, i moved right across the street from shucks in march.. I wasted all this time and get up the munchies for some seafood. I throw down a beer or two and hike across the street in 108 degree heat... i walk around the building and nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo. a big sign on the door saying our lease is up june 21 please visit our other locations. noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo. i give you 5 stars for tempting me every day i drove on past. i give you five stars for your mouth watering online menu. i give your landlord the finger for letting you close the doors... guess ill have to jump in the car and hit another location.
3	A-OK
