3	This is a Japanese and Vietnamese restaurant. Lot's of seating, with a small sushi bar you can sit at as well.Really great Vietnamese menu. Outstanding Pho, and good smothies as well.The portions are big, the ingredients are fresh, and the price is on point.The sushi is so so. I would eat it again, but wouldn't go there just for sushi.There was nothing wrong with the fish, it was just sloppily prepared, and nothing special.Totally worth the drive out to the suburbs all in all.
3	The Deal: Pretty okay pho, (given the availability of pho in the area); good portion, but a bit pricey; still would come backOrder: Pho Bac (tripe, sliced beef, beef balls) - $9.95 & tea*Note - I'm a bit biased as from CA/bayarea so must admit had better for lower price. But given the area & cold  weather pho hit the spot. Portions were pretty large, soup just seemed lacked flavor..like a bit watered down or something.The first plate of bean sprouts/basil not enuf so ask for more; basil pretty fresh, sprouts a bit brown lookin'; Tea good & freeOther Comments:* large menu w/ Vietnamese items inc. rice dishes, ban xeo (~$7), bun bo hue ($9.95) also japanese bentolike box combos  (~15)*bf had the sushi which looked like good portions and said pretty good
3	Having had pho in Seattle for the first time and then trying it here, I was a bit disappointed. The portion was generous BUT...-the sprouts were a bit old-the broth was thin, which is my biggest issue with it-the beef was overcookedOverall it was fine and I will probably eat there again when in the south hills. But dadgum it won't like it!
4	I grew up eating very authentic Asian food.  That being said, my husband and I really enjoy going to Pho Kim 88.  Their Pho is good.  It's not the absolute BEST, but it's tasty and the portion size is well worth the money.  I kind of feel like they went the way that most Asian restaurants do in that they tailor the flavor of the food they serve to appeal to the American palate.  The fish sauce they serve with the Pho is not very strong, and the soy sauce is your standard Kikkoman (this drives me crazy.  Kikkoman is probably the worst soy sauce on the market).For a REAL treat try the Pad Thai.  It's honestly the best Pad Thai I have ever had on the East coast, AND it's made with real pad noodles!Ample parking, BYOB and friendly staff.
4	I am from the SF bay area and have been missing Pho. Pho Kim 88 has very good for Pho for Pittsburgh. The place is a little out of the way but worth it. It comfortable and clean and you can BYOB.
5	Great food! My boyfriend and I come here with some regularity. When ever we are feeling a little under the weather we stop in for some good Pho. =)
3	Wasn't sure of what to expect when Pho Kim 88 came in to fill the old Quizno's space. I've always been a fan of soups, and noodles, so I was eager to try the Pho. The broths seem to have gotten better tasting, but as mentioned the consistency isn't always there. Some days the bean sprouts, basil, and sliced jalapeno peppers are fresh, and vibrant, some days they look past their prime. The fresh spring rolls (goi cuon) are good, but I haven't liked them as much as I used to. It seems since they've replaced the sliced pork with the imitation crab, the taste is 'off''. It could also be because  I'm not a fan of the pressed processed fish dyed, and flavored to be like crab meat. The spicy Pho Kim rolls are good, and the octopus shashimi is a little too chewy. I love foods that aren't burgers, fries, and pizza all the time, so Pho Kim does help in that area.
2	Stopped in for takeout on the #1 Goi Cuon (fresh spring rolls), and #19, Pho with fish cake balls, shrimp, imitation crab in beef broth. Well, I was pretty disappointed to see no brown peanut sauce for the goi cuon, but a vinegary concoction in the plastic cup, why?! My pho is a usual order, but tonight the noodles seemed to get mushy really fast, and the broth didn't seem to have the strong beefy flavor I like. My trips to Pho Kim 88 have been drastically reduced, and after tonight, it's going to be longer stretch of time before I go back. Tonight was a big strike out.
3	Pho Kim 88 can be hit or miss, hence only 3 stars. Usually it's quite good, and I'm a fan of the bun (vermicelli noodles with choice of meat) and the pho. I don't eat red meat, so I really appreciate that fact that they have chicken broth for their chicken soup (hu tieu ga). The chicken broth is excellent here, and the sides of veggies and herbs are always fresh and plentiful. We had been ordering the vermicelli noodles here for years (literally) and the chicken had this terrific marinade, and they grilled it perfectly, and then one day we ordered it, and it was a if it was from another restaurant...flavorless, no marinade, really bad.  I called and complained, and they were nice and offered me a free meal, but that's not what I wanted...I wanted it back the way it was! Sometimes now it's good, and sometimes not, so inconsistency in the kitchen from cook to cook. When they iron this out, they'll get 4 stars from me.
4	Fantastic Sushi. This is my wife's favorite place to eat. Everything I have tried there has been great. I have no complaints about this restaurant
3	I have been dining here for several years now.  The owner is very nice and the service is always friendly.  I like the lemograss chicken salad, the chicken bun and the pho ga and rotate my order as I go frequently.  They sometimes suffer from a little bit of inconsistency but it is rare that I have been unhappy and can definately recommend you go if you are in the area.  Pittsburgh has a couple better but you won't find a better Asian restaurant in the South Hills.
4	2 words. LOVE IT.  Mystical waterfall - check, golden cat waving at you - check, fake orchid with 9 billion flowers - yahtzee!!!  This placed had me at torpedo shrimp, ok Im not sure if they were actually torpedo shrimp but they should have been.  I love eating at this place.  One of the few places where I may continue dining until I soil myself.  At one point I was considering just having the waitress just dump my food into a wood chipper and shooting it over towards my mouth.I know some of you haters are gonna say its not the greatest, but it's a pretty good deal for the quantity and it is also pretty good quality.  The sushi ain't half bad either.  It also helps that it is about 50 feet from where I live.  Definitely worth a try if you haven't been.
5	Personally, I think this is the best Asian restaurant in the South HIlls, with the exception of their sister restaurant, Saigon 88.  My family has enjoyed countless meals at the Route 88 location (Library Road) and we have never been disappointed.  The service has always been fast and friendly.  They serve the best fried rice I've ever tried, and that includes a lot of MUCH pricier places in Southern California.  The Royce's Roll is my favorite on the sushi/sashimi menu, and you can tell that the fish is very fresh and of the highest quality.  The food is very fairly priced, and you can save quite a bit by bringing your own bottle of wine or a couple of beers in a cooler, as BYOB is OK here.
5	Another one of my favorite spots in the city.  In fact, when I get to pick the restaurant, it is almost always Pho Kim.  We love to get the dinners which include full courses:  soup, salad (their ginger dressing should be bottled and sold en masse), tempura shrimp, main course, and dessert.  It's so much food, but sooo good.  I love the Chicken Teriyaki, myself.  The two of us get out, with tip, just under $50, but that's for the dinners.  If you went with one of the standard meals or specials, you'd spend quite a bit less.  They also have sushi, though we haven't been able to force ourselves away from our favorites long enough to try something new yet.
2	Say 2.5 starts. Meh...just meh. Not very vegatarian friendly- which was surprising. Spring rolls with tofu were ok. Pho with veggies, tofu and chicken broth was just ok. Trams is still tops imho. Decent atmosphere here, decent service. Thought price was a little steep.
4	The clever name is what drew me in. For those that don't know. Pho is pronounced with an "uh" sound rather then and "oh" sound.. So the delightful, potentially accidental, play on word sounds makes me giggle every time. That aside, the food is delicious, servings generous and restaurant of a small, intimate size. They're good for any age and have ample selections outside of the regular pho you'd expect.It was a busy night, as I understand most weekend nights are, but we didn't wait long. The only thing I'd change would, perhaps, be the attentiveness of our waitress. That could be chalked up to how busy the restaurant was. I'm honestly not sure. She seemed distracted, preoccupied and wasn't on hand frequently for drink refills.Lastly, they have thai iced bubble tea. That one thing is enough for me to want to move in and live in the back.
4	For those who have had bad pho experience here....you are just ordering the wrong pho.  What do you expect when you order something so plain....of course its going to taste like chicken soup!  If you want something to punch your taste buds and olfactory senses into gear, get the Bun Bo Hue.  You can't go wrong with some spice and lemongrass. The sushi is good here too.  My best friend is huge fan of the squid salad also.  And I also agree with Christine T....the Pad Thai here is really good.
3	I wanted to get away from anything, and everything St. Patrick's Day, and was in the mood for something Asian. I made the escape from the family, and found myself at Pho Kim, I just wasn't sure what I'd be ordering this time. I went for the squid salad as an appetizer, and ordered the Seafood Diablo after some suggestions, since I've had everything else in most of the columns on the menu. The squid salad came with sliced up squid, seaweed, lettuce, and cucumber strips. I was hoping for actual chunks of squid, with legs, and tentacles, but was happy with the taste of the salad. The squid was the only ingredient seasoned, and the rest of the salad a bit bland.The Seafood Diablo came out on a huge platter, with a generous portion of steamed rice (enough for two). I was given a choice of veggie fried rice, or noodles as the side, but since chewy udon noodles came mixed in the dish, I chose steamed rice. The udon was perfectly cooked, chewy, and mixed nicely with the scallops, shrimp, and mixed vegetables (broccoli, zucchini, carrots, and onions). I'm not sure the base of the sauce, but it was good, not as spicy as I'd like. The Seafood Diablo came with a small side salad with a miso(?) dressing, and a small side soup. All this food in front of me made me feel like I was in some kind of chow competition. Food, and dishes spanning my table, and the fresh spring rolls that I always order, had to go home in a to-go box.
2	Is it just me, or has the quality of certain meals gone down hill here?I think their sushi is still good.  But the Pad Thai seems to have changed.  Its rather greasy now.  I also ordered the Fried Calamari Salad....disappointing not only in presentation, but also in taste.  It was GIANT tubes of calamari deep fried and thrown on a bed of lettuce.  The knife given to me was not sharp enough to cut them.  So I had to pick up the huge chunks and bite off pieces. The batter on the interior of the squid was uncooked....pretty gross.  I don't understand the concept of this?  why not cut it before frying it so that you can actually eat it with the salad?  Even my beloved Bun Bo Hue seems to have changed in the flavor profile.  I'm pretty upset about this.  I used to love coming here, but it seems as if they got a new cook or the old cook has a lost any inspiration they once had.
5	i LOVE sushi!!!! the only thing i love as much or more is foie gras! i would eat both everyday if i could, but tom doesn't like them as much as i do, so i have to be satisfied with sushi once a month. my go-to neighborhood place is pho kim. it's close enough we could walk there, but after stuffing ourselves, we can't roll up the hill!!! it's our "cheers". we're welcomed like an old friend when we show up. they know we like the "wheely" chairs & always sit us there.  it's byob & it's free!!! no corkage fee! sure, the glasses are plastic, but it's free! i've seen many a party there!whatever food you order, you get alot! you go home with leftovers unless you're a gluttonous beast like we are!!! &, we haven't come across anything yet that we didn't like. we go with good intentions of trying new items, but usually end up with our favs! i can't help myself! my normal order is the 10 second tuna & the 88 roll. the 10 second tuna is rolled in sesame seeds & lightly seared, sliced & served on a bed of lettuce with a wasabi dressing. i could eat 3 or 4 plates of it! i start my happy dance about then. the dance continues through the 88 roll. it's made with shrimp tempura, crabmeat, avocado & cucumber, topped with spicy tuna & caviar. i love to play with the caviar in my mouth, popping them 1 by 1, little bits of salty sea explosions. it's usually followed by another roll we split or some pieces of sushi. the fried ice cream is pretty darn good! what a great way to finish! now you understand why we can't walk home!!!the spring rolls are terrific. the thai wings are sweet & spicy. the shrimp noodle dinner is real yummy. padthai, excellant. huge, wonderful hibachi dinners. too many killer rolls to name them all!&, as if we were at cheers, as we get up to leave, saying thank you for another stellar meal, the whole staff comes out to see us to the door & say good bye! you don't get that treatment just anywhere!
5	Wohoo! As good as it gets! IndeedI haven't had a "Gotta loosen my belt" moment in a long time.. not even during thanksgiving dinner. This has to be one of the best restaurant that I've been to so far. It definitely exceeded my expectation in terms of "food". (Gotta mention the food since people tend to rate the decoration aspect as well)I had the Combo Vermicelli Noodles Dishes aka Bun (Highly Recommended) which comes with Vermicelli Noodles of course, served with Lettuce, beansprout, onion, cilantro, basil, cucumber,carrot,spring roll, grilled shrimp, chicken, pork, beef, peanut, sesame seed with fish sauce. My girlfriend and her friend got the Hu Tieu Ga (Noodle Soup) and Saigon Pancake Crepe which they both loved it. Need I remind, the price is very reasonable to the generous portion size.Although they do offer various dishes, this is a Vietnamese and Japanese restaurant - so when you do go.. please stick to ordering Vietnamese and Japanese dishes. If you like Pad Thai (which I do) I suggest you go to a Thai restaurant instead.Also, it's BYOB! which I didn't realize until we got there.
3	This place is okay but nothing to rave about. We ordered an avocado roll and spicy mayo which had some really good flavor but the chow fun was waaaaaaaaaaaay too salty. The service was super attentive and the food came out extremely fast (which I'm not sure is a good thing). Not sure if we'll be back.
4	This place is hands down better than any nearby choice; especially chain restaurants. Service is polite and food is FRESH! I try new dishes every time and have yet to be disappointed.
3	Came here for dinner with family. This is a very solid place, where they use fresh ingredients, serve large, tasty portions, and have friendly service. It wasn't crowded at all, even on a weekend night. I had a lemongrass honey salad with lettuce, mung bean sprouts, peanuts, cucumbers, carrots, and shrimp. It was light and refreshing.I also had a taro bubble smoothie and that was yummy, although the ice wasn't crushed as finely as would be ideal.
3	With a bottle of wine in hand (hint: they're BYOB), hubs and I headed to Pho Kim for dinner on a recent Saturday night. Upon entering I noticed the sign on the door stating that they now serve breakfast?! Wouldn't be my first choice for breakfast but it might be worth trying out. When we entered, we were seated immediately seeing there were only about 3 other occupied tables. We sat directly in front of the sushi maker. Our waitress opened our bottle of wine and we ordered. I was really in the mood for hibachi so I ordered the hibachi chicken which came with a shrimp appetizer, soup and salad. Hubs went with the sushi. Within what seemed like seconds, my shrimp appetizer and soup were served. The shrimp consisted of large tempura fried shrimp. No sauce with it and not deveined. No thanks. I passed to hubs who was also not interested. My salad then arrived. Not much to say here either. Typical iceberg, cabbage, carrot mix with ginger dressing. Before I could get halfway through my salad, my entree was served garnished with a huge radish rose the size of half a cantalope. Poor hubs had nothing at this point. My hibachi was typical. Fried rice was good, veggies are soft, chicken was tasty. Everything was very average for me at this point. When hubs sushi was finally served, half way through my meal, he also felt that it was average. Not the best he has had and not the worst. The most redeeming quality of the meal was the fried ice cream. The crisp, warm breading around the cold ice cream was a perfect match. Topped with chocolate sauce and whipped cream for the perfect treat. Remember going to the fair as a child and getting a funnel cake with ice cream on top? It was like that except with chocolate as well. Yum. All in all, I might head back to Pho Kim but will probably not get the hibachi again.
4	First things first, we arrived about 30 minutes prior to close on the 4th of July and could have easily been told that they were closing up. Instead, we were welcomed and given excellent service. We started with The tomyum seafood soup, although not entirely traditional, it was out of this world. I ordered the green chicken curry - I almost ate my weight in it it was so good. Augie got the Pad Thai and it was by far in my top 3 Pad Thai experiences ever. I wish they had been serving sushi because I'm sure we would have been in for a treat! Stumbling upon this place was a lucky find for sure. If I had known they were BYOB I would have raided my grandma's liquor cabinet before I came.
5	Phee Phi Pho YUM!!!   We had some business to take care of close by and noticed Pho Kim 88 restaurant so, being Pho lovers, we thought, "Lucky us! It's been awhile since we had a big bowl of Pho. Let's go eat!"  We started with the fresh spring rolls, emphasis on fresh, served with a tasty peanut sauce. I ordered a customized Pho that included seasoned tofu and lots of vegetables. Our waitress wasn't bothered one bit by my specifications. In fact, she was really helpful. My husband ordered the traditional beef Pho and liked it even better than his favorite Pho restaurant which incidentally is located in Albuquerque. (Believe it or not there are quite a few Pho restaurants there.)  Bottom line:  We really liked this place and will most definitely return.  Food was fresh and delish, service was fast and friendly, decor was sweet. Hey, what's not to love about a big happy Buddha greeting you and bidding you farewell?
4	Got some of the best Sushi and Soup around;  Salads are pretty good too.   Don't go too nuts though
5	Ok, I was seriously surprised by how good the food was - I went with a good friend of mine who had been to Pho Kim 88 many times in the past and she said the quality of the food was MUCH better than its been in the past.  I got the pho gai with tofu, they were happy to accommodate a change, and the broth was delicious, the veggies were all fresh and the tofu was perfect.  The prices were very reasonable and the service was great.  Note: they do not have a kids menu, so I brought outside food for my 3 year old and they had no problem with it at all.  I'm excited to eat there again, especially since I heard their hibachi is great!  Plus we live right behind the restaurant so I can't wait to go again next week!!
2	Totally mediocre pad thai.
4	Pho Kim is really good, but I can tell that they've changed their menu... Their Pad Thai used to be amazing but now it's okay.  I've heard the Pho is different too.. I used to love to get the Royce's Roll but now I'm liking just the plain vegetable roll :) The vegetable curry is really good and if you want a real treat get a Honeydew smoothie. Mmmmmm...The staff is always friendly and helpful and they remember who you are, they really do love their customers. It's BYOB and clean. I'd definitely suggest it for someone who wants a quick bite to eat and was in the area.
4	The food was fresh and flavorful. The only thing I didn't like was my meat had more fat than meat. I would give it another try.
4	If you're thinking about going, just do it. Go. It's one of my new favorites. Very good food, clean place, good service/friendly staff, reasonably priced.I had the Vietnamese Fried Rice--it's become the new standard for rice IMO.My wife had the Pad Thai, it, too, was also very good. We split a sushi roll that was impressive. Will go again.
4	Great pho, spring rolls, and bento boxes. Sushi is ok, but not bad for the price. Recommend mostly for the Vietnamese food.
5	they just keep getting better! they did some remodeling last month-new paint, furniture, lighting, seating, &, they made some additions to the menu. there are several new rolls to choose from-yeah for me! there's a new lobster roll that comes with some of the tail meat tempura style. it was all delish! there's also a whole lobster done in 3 preparations. we were dancing our brains out!!! as always, everyone is SO nice & make us feel at home. due for my next fix soon! can't wait! SUSHI!!!
4	Recently remodeled.  I have been here twice in the last 2 weeks.  Both times I had their curry, once red and once green.  Both were excellent and I would do it again when I'm in the area.
5	Great sushi and dinners.  We go there or get take out at least once per month.Their SUSHI is fresh.  We love it.  They just created new rolls on the menu...each time we go back,  I try a new one.  We have never been disappointed with their sushi. CHICKEN FRIED RICE and the Chicken PAD THAI are amazing!  Our favorite dinner is the HIBACHI steak dinner. Prices are reasonable and they have generous portions on these meals.  The lunch version is just as good, just smaller portions and no soup or shrimp appetizer. The Seafood Diablo is also extremely good...spicey too. I also like their wonton soup. Their ginger dressing for their salad is light and tasty. If you like fresh spring rolls in peanut dipping sauce, theirs are delicious. They also have a vietnamese rice noodle dish with peanut, basil - also excellent.They recently remodeled and created new additional seating.  It is very nice.  The staff are very friendly.  The restrooms are clean and nice.  The owner is usually around too and very pleasant man.Tip:  order vietnamese items on menu OR items above. Tip: beware Chinese items (general tso) - it's done differently than traditional Chinese restaurants.Tip: lunch has large portions too and cheaper menuIf you are in the neighborhood, give them a try.
4	Not only do they have great Pho, surprisingly, they have awesome sushi, too! The sushi chef is meticulous with both ingredients and with his/her presentation.I love the ambiance, too. It has a very chill vibe to it. Service is always with a smile.
2	In the past I've looked forward to even craved Pho Kim's fare.  Unfortunately, my recent visits have not delivered the consistent quality I've come to expect from this establishment.  I'm beginning to think this place is not what it once was.
4	Food was really good. I tried a Vietnamese broth dish, spring roll, sushi, and Chinese shrimp dish. Everything tasted very good and the presentation was very nice. The reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 is that the decor is very dated. Carpet needs replaced as do the chairs at the tables. They also do takeout which I will try sometime.
4	After dining at Pho Kim 88  for the first time, we were very pleased with the food and the overall experience was satisfying. The decor is a little dated but overall the atmosphere is bright and enjoyable. Service was fast and friendly. Take out available. The food was delicious including the fresh spring rolls, phogan and sushi. We specifically had the crab, tuna and avocado sushi. They have many options including vegetarian. They have Chinese, Vietnamese and Japanese cuisine. We will be dining at Pho Kim again for sure!
4	What a pleasant surprise. Delicious Pho and spring rolls. Wonderful service. Definitely will return
5	I just moved to PA from Westminster, CA (little Saigon) and have been craving pho for months. This is probably the only spot I have found on the east coast or anywhere that isn't in Orange County that actually tastes like the awesomeness I am used to on the west coast. Their satay tastes like it is homemade and is super spicy... Love it! Their pho bowl size is a good size. They only have one size but it's ok. They have small bowls that you can just ladle the pho into them and share. Really awesome. The place is clean, and the staff is very attentive and nice. I will definitely be back.
5	I've been coming to Pho Kim for a couple years, so obviously the food is amazing! They just recently redesigned the interior and it looks great. Pho Kim is a great place for lunch or dinner, but their lunch special is usually what draws me in. Soup, salad and 2-3 rolls, depending on which special you choose. You can usually get out of there for around $30 total for two people! I highly recommend starting with the onion soup. They give you a pretty nicely sized portion, much larger than most other restaurants do.  My go-to rolls are the Pho Kim roll, Royce roll and the Las Vegas roll.  Definitely stop by if you're ever in this neck of the woods!
4	Pho Kim 88 is one of my favorites! Every dinner selection that I've ordered comes with a rose carved turnip and some selections, like the phenomenal sushi, comes with an edible flower. This shows you the extra time, money and attention to detail that this restaurant invests in its patrons! Service is usually very good. The crab rangoons are absolutely amazing! I also enjoy their fresh spring rolls with peanut dipping sauce, although some less adventurous customers may be turned off by the transparency of the fresh roll's exterior. The Thai bubble tea was wonderful- very refreshing. No matter what sushi you order, it is wonderful and the presentation is outstanding. I ordered the Chicken Curry dish, which was very good! The ambiance of the place is nice with asian art and plants, an exotic fish tank and is dimly lit. The restaurant is not very big and has many tables, so on a busy night, one may feel slightly cramped or overwhelmed by the patrons voices carrying in the smaller room, but overall it is not too distracting. The quality of the food is really what makes this restaurant a favorite in my book, not to mention, the owner let my father and I in before they opened just to ensure quality customer satisfaction! This is a place that gives you ambiance, good service, phenomenal eats, and overall great feeling upon leaving!
4	After just one experience at Pho Kim, I was instantly in love. Whenever sushi-fiend friends are in town to visit, I always take them here and they are always pleased with their experience. The service is great, fast and friendly and the atmosphere is chic. The rolls are a bit on the pricey side, but nothing outlandish compared to other sushi restaurants. The sushi rolls are huge, so you definitely get your money's worth here. My personal favorite here is the Pittsburgh roll. My personal favorite on a rainy/snowy day is the PHOGA (Pho with chicken). They serve the Pho in a bowl that's big enough to swim in, and for about $12 you definitely don't leave hungry. My other favorite when I'm craving something warm is  just a regular bowl of Miso Soup. Their miso soup is GREAT, and only a few extra bucks.
4	Best pho I've had in Pittsburgh, their broth is wonderful - and is by far my fav restaurant! Just wish it was much closer to where I live as I don't get to make it out to Castle Shannon very often. Sushi is reasonably priced and good quality, better than any I've had at Nakama lol
5	The place was very clean. Hard to spot because of how dark it was... But very clean. Service and food was fast and efficient. The chicken broth for the pho was incredible. Large portions and great food. Hint: tofu pho isn't listed on the menu, but it's available.
3	I've eaten at Pho Kim 88 quite a few times. I used to even look forward to it. Unfortunately, the last 3 times I have visited the restaurant and/or gotten takeout these was an issue with something. Vegetarian rolls with shrimp in them, forgotten dishes, etc. I think the food is pretty good, but it's very pan-Asian. They're nice people, and I like the boba tea, but a think a little focus on service and accuracy may be in store.
