5	I would strongly recommend Frank if you need work done. I had to get work done on my girlfriends AC. The other guys wanted to charge me 120 bucks just to "find" the leak. Frank didn't charge a thing. he said it took him about 10 minutes to find it. The cost was less than i expected to get it fixed too. I found my future mechanic from here on out-
5	A would strongly reccommend Frank and Feeny Auto.  They have worked on both mine and my wife's car.  They are quick and straightforward.  It is hard to believe that we are so lucky to have found such a great mechanic
5	I found Feeney through Yelp and am so glad I did.  Frank and his team are amazing.  As a woman, I've had some horrible experiences with auto repair and never felt comfortable that I wasn't getting sold something I didn't need since I know very little about cars.  So I've always been a 'take it to the dealer' kind of girl where I definitely paid a premium.  That all changed with Feeney -   Frank is just a straight shooter who knows his stuff and values his customers.  I originally took my Lexus SUV there, and some emissions thing was cracked (see, I have no idea what I'm talking about but I remember them saying something about a charcoal canister...).  I called Lexus and getting the part from them would've been $800 (plus labor!).  So Frank offered to call around to see if he could find it used.   It took a couple days, but he found it - $150.  Yay!  Now I take my Mercedes there for all factory recommended service.  Frank and Chris are great.  They take the time to explain to me what's going on, what I need, and what my options are.  They even patiently answer all of my rudimentary questions without indicating that they think I'm a ditz.  Maybe I don't get the loaner car or the nice waiting area that I'd get at a Mercedes dealership, but it feels great to have a neighborhood mechanic that I can trust.
1	We have been customers of Feeney Automotive for 15 years. Last December 2012 my son took his Corvette in to have the Distributor replaced.  We bought a brand new one from O'Reillys and brought it to them and had them perform the labor.  A month later the Distributor threw a code, we took it back and the technician said it was bad and that it needed to be replaced. They said it would cost about $300 in labor to replace it. We decided to wait. This week my son decided to pull the distributor out himself and fix it. He took it apart and the Distributor which should have been gold and and have a steel label GM05 RPT on it did not. It was black and the GM05 was not there. We took it  to O'Reilly and  they said this was not theirs. We called Feeney's and he told us to send him pictures which we did. He said his mechanic worked for him for 16 years and he trusted him and did not know what to say. He called me back after looking at the history and said he was positive they put the new distributor in and was confounded. I sent him more pictures and pulled all the receipts. The Distributor installed was NOT the one we bought.O'Reillys replaced the Distributor, even though they did not have to, for free. At least someone stepped up to the plate. I called other family members, and found out that my father brought in my sisters' wheelchair van a few months back and was told the cost for repair would be $35  and was billed for $90 only to find out later the work was not done. He went somewhere else for repair.  My brother brought a car to them and had several thousand dollars of work done, and again the same thing, work was said to have been done but wasn't. We believe the owner is honest but puts far to much trust into his mechanic who I honestly think is ripping people off. Stealing parts and reselling them for personal gain.  I also went to file a complaint with the BBB of Arizona and they do not have record of this company on their site.  I am so very disappointed and upset.Tomorrow I will have to spend the day with my son helping fix his distributor to get his car up to spec.  I have known the owner for a long time as a friend and as a mechanic and am terribly disappointed in his response and his handling of this situation.
5	ok I finally can post on here lol, I really needed a go to mechanic that I can relate to. I wrenched myself backin the day so im bright when it comes to vehicles just dont wrench anymore, these guys are fantastic, they dont charge to diagnose the car which is huge and they are straight forward with everything they do, the owner,Frank and his son Franics are class acts as well as Chris the service advisor. all great people and they are very fast on the work they do and I would highly recommend them, I have been screwed over by other shops in the past and they completely make me feel comfortable eventhough I just bought a BMW LOL.
5	MOST Honest guys u will find, super helpful and get things done efficiently, cheaply and explain everything! Family owned and Chris, the office manager is awesome!
5	Honest mechanic shop with great labor rates. I had the best experience.
