5	We have a 9 month old Boxer who we take to Siena and can't say enough good things about the staff and how well they treat her. The vets and their assistants take an honest, interested and compassionate assessment of you and your pet's needs and we highly recommend them.
2	Service was good, 2-legged people are nice, prices suck. So for the first 4 1/2 years that I lived here (been here for 5), I didn't have a dog. That's a LONG time if you're going to consider that I've had a dog even before I was born lol. So November 2009, my husband finally gets me a puppy! She's a Miniature Pinscher and we got her at 3 months old and 4lbs. Being the first dog that I've had since I moved out here, I had no idea where to take her to get her shots and checkup. The first place that I could think about was the place down the street from us, Siena Animal Hospital. The staff is great and the facility is new so it's nice. Each visit was $50, just for the checkup, of course, everything else was extra. Well, it came time to get her fixed, spayed and the cost was close to $300 for the surgery, cone of shame and pain meds-- WTF?!?! My aunt is a Vet in San Diego, I am so used to her prices and I was blown away when I heard that! I decided to call around and see what other options we had and I found the Spay and Neuter Center of Southern Nevada that Spayed her for $105 for everything mentioned above. It all depends on the size of your pet and at this point she only weighed 5lbs. It was across town but it was saving us close to $200, so t'was worth it! One nice thing that they offer, at no additional cost to you, is a pet portal. It's like and Outlook for your pet lol. Kinda cool but I'm sure that's apart of their outrageous prices, as some hidden fee-- don't know for sure, just saying. So to sum it up, you basically get what you pay for...You have a pretty facility, you pay more lol. They don't even have any other payment options like they do at other clinics. I gave them the 2-Stars just because I liked going there, it was close and the place was nice but for your moneys worth, go else where.
5	Dr. Keeney is the best vet we have ever had. Her communication skills are great and she explains things in a way that you can understand.  She is very proactive with our dog's current and future health. When it comes to my pets only Dr.  Keeney will see our pets. I highly recommend!!!
3	I have been going to Siena Animal Hospital for a year now and it is ok. I do think the prices are rather high but the staff is good.
1	I'm done with this place. Not only did they fail to tell us about a "Sunday pick up fee" over the phone, then surprise us with a larger bill, but they also forgot to have someone working during those Sunday pick up hours(4p to 6p). None of this was made better with their off the hook phone number.We waited in the heat for over two hours with a few other couples waiting to pick their animals up, having to call other animal hospitals just to make contact to one of the employees of this one. Finally, someone was contacted, and they got there around 6:30pm. You could tell that my dog wasn't let out all day, because he smelled like urine, and he never pees in his crate at home. I'll never come back to this place.
5	Had to put our 8 year old Doberman to sleep today.  Her pain even lying down and lack of back leg strength to get up to move around had just made it too much to watch.  The staff was very courteous over the phone and in person.  Very understanding and compassionate.
4	These guys are great.  I have taken my dog here twice now (once for an ear infection, other time for immune's) and both times they have been wonderful.The staff is friendly and swift.  The doctor's are all caring and helpful.  This is a very clean office and the only one I have been in where I am not constantly terrified where my dog is sniffing!The only knock I have on them is the constant upsales.  Obviously, I love my dog and want the best for him but you have to be prepared to say no when you walk in here.  I came in for year old booster immunizations, basically, and they were trying to sell me heartworm tests, flu shots, etc.  The way it is done is the problem:  "Do you want us to test and go ahead and preventatively treat for heartworm?"  Well... of course I do!  But its like $140... and no, I don't have that currently.If you can get past the salesmanship part, which I completely understand is how business make money, they are a good vet.
1	I'm done with this place.  They were great at first but the prices are INSANE!  The quotes to get my dog groomed kept getting higher and higher for the same service. The scheduling here is not good.  My dogs grooming appt was at noon...they just started him now!  I was told that we were mis-scheduled.  Mis-scheduled?  The groomer called me herself to cancel my original appt and reschedule so how was it mis-scheduled?  My last visit here was 3 hours long because they got backed up.  If I hadn't stepped out of the room I'm pretty sure I'd still be sitting there!  I will not be back.
1	I have waited a few days to write this complaint so I did not just come off as a grieving upset pet owner who just lost her dog.I had my rescue mix female dog for 17 years.  She had arthritis reoccurring cysts or growths on her belly that sometimes reabsorbed and went away or on 2 occasions I had to have removed.  Her quality of life had rapidly decreased over the past few months.  Although the decision to put an animal to sleep is a very hard one I know it needs to be made with your animals health, happiness, pain level and quality of life as your main deciding factor.  I believe if you keep your pet alive when they are in pain and have lived years beyond there life expectancy it is selfish.  Hour pet has given you years of comfort and unconditional love so keeping them alive when they are suffering is wrong.  A few years ago I had to put my 18 year old rescue dog to sleep due to her arthritic pain, glaucoma pain from a swollen eye and her inability to make it outside to use the bathroom was very humiliating and embarrassing for her as you could see the shame in her face.  When we took her to the vet they were kind they explained everything when the time came they sedated her then gave her the shot.My experience with my second dog could not be more opposite. I knew the time was coming and dreaded it.  I returned home one morning on my work break to find my dog on the floor laying in blood with blood on her face from licking.  Her cyst had ruptured and was bleeding severely. She is 65 lbs.  I got her in the car and took her to the nearest vet office.  On the phone I was told it would be the exact same steps as my last.  When I arrived they ask I pay first which is best because after the last thing you need to be doing is settling the bill.  I then found out they were going to charge me $55 more to be in the room with her so I had to go with a lesser package because there was no way I was not going to be with her. When the vet found this out things changed quickly.  They went back on their word on sedating her before the shot the vets words after stating they would sedate her "she probably wont need it I'll see if I have something but I don't think I do".  An animal hospital with no sedation medication?  I tried to insist but what could I do going somewhere else was not an option.  When he was administering the shot she panicked and tried to struggle to get up! If I had not paid the extra fee to witness them doing what I paid for I am mortified to think what her experience would have been.If you have read this entire post thank you I do realize how long it is and I hope it may help to prepare someone for what to expect and what questions to ask if they are facing this extremely hard decision. I do hope your experience is easier than mine and my dogs. I do hope you reconsider if you plan on going to the same hospital I went to.This animal hospital info:Siena Animal Hospital5625 S Grand Canyon Dr.Las Vegas, NV 89148
1	First I must say that this hospital took great care of my two cats when I had to put them down. My puppy and me... Not so much. I took my new (and first) puppy there for her first visit and shots. The doctor never mentioned to me to be sure that my puppy stayed calm and didn't play much after her shots. Several hours after receiving her vaccines she threw up. They told me to bring her in immediately and proceeded to give her medications adding up to a couple hundred dollars. At her next visit I mentioned that I only wanted to give her one vaccine. The receptionist and the vet on staff proceeded to basically tell me how stupid it was to do that. All I really wanted was a little more information and time to think over my options. When ID cited to have her vaccinated and neutered I went to another hospital where the staff was very patient and educated me with out giving me any of their own personal opinions. I'm done with Sienna.
5	My wife and I cannot speak for everyone at Sienna Animal Hospital. We can, however, speak for Dr. Allala. We first met Dr. Allala at Flamingo Pet Clinic. We were a little weary at first, but that quickly subsided after we saw how well Dr. Allala handled our animals. We have a dog who has a liver shunt and is scarred along her entire chest and stomach. We were pleasently surprised at how much Dr. Allala knew. She informed us that our dog is susceptible to patella luxations due to the breed of dog. After about a year or so we noticed our dog becoming more aggressive to our other dogs. Dr. Allala checked our dog and recommended knee surgery. After we decided to get the surgery and after recovery, or dog is no longer aggressive towards our other dogs. If you are looking for someone who will be kind, caring, affectionate, sensitive, and highly educated, then I suggest you go see Dr. Allala!
5	I just love this place! I was visiting my parents from San Diego and happened to find these guys on Yelp and I brought in my little Maltese for a grooming session. The staff was SO sweet and friendly and they did such a great job on my little sweetheart. The facility is very clean and modern. Also, I just really appreciated how accommodating the front desk staff was. Though I've only even once, I can tell they go above and beyond for their clients. Definitely coming back if I'm in the area!!!
5	We have known Dr. Keeney for a least 16 years. We met her when she first began to treat our dog, a rescued greyhound, and our cats. She saved our greyhound's life and gave us extra precious years with him. Since then, she has also had similar success with our other pets. We have always admired her reflectiveness and her persistence to find solutions to help our pets. She helped several of them in some very complex situations.When she feels she needs additional advice, Dr.Keeney has excellent, highly professional referral sources. As a result, she has been able to help our pets and us through some difficult situations. When Dr. Keeney decided to open Sienna Animal Hospital, we naturally followed her there. Her goal was to operate an ethical, compassionate, knowledgeable animal hospital. Based on all our experiences with her, she has succeeded. Over the years, we have referred friends to her, and they all have been highly satisfied.She advocates for our animals, even if she thinks we will not like her advice. In addition, her staff has been very knowledgeable and respectful of us and of our pets. The fees in some other clinics may be cheaper. However, Dr. Keeney's services have been well worth the cost in terms of the resulting sustained health of our animals. We have come to trust her a great deal, and we are lucky to have her and the Sienna Animal Hospital in Las Vegas.
5	My dog had eye surgery yesterday by a pet ophthalmologist. I've been worried about his eye since the surgery and I don't know if by intuition but Dr. Keeney just called us today to ask how he was doing. She allayed our fears and gave additional instructions to make sure our dog heals properly. Dr. Keeney is an amazing veterinarian and it's nice to know she's aware of surgeries and procedures that are occurring outside of her facilities and takes the time to follow up. The staff at Siena are awesome as well. We always feel at ease when we take our pets there.
5	We have been taking both of our dogs here since 2010 under the care of Dr Keeney and have been very pleased with her services. She genuinely cares for our pets and will give you honest answers regarding what she feels is necessary and unnecessary in their treatment plans. We have never felt pressured to make any costly decisions here or had the feeling of there being any deceptive practices taking place for simple profit or greed. They will explain which tests or exams are needed, the cost, and why they are needed. We truly feel that Dr Keeney and her staff have your pet's best interests at heart and genuinely have a passion for caring for your furry friends.  It's always a pleasure to see Dr Keeney and our dogs actually like her too :) which is always a good sign in our opinion!
