2	Swung a rental by here to have the road salt washed off and interior detailed after a long drive to & from Ohio with a dog in the back.The automatic wash got the salt off, and the hand toweling of the outside got most of the water wiped away.However I was really disappointed with the lack of attention paid to the interior. They sprayed down the plastic floormats and wiped off the dashboard. That was it. No vacuuming, no window cleaning, not even a lint roller to attempt to pick up the extra dog hair.When I asked the guy doing the detail work if he was able to get the dog hair out, he said yes. Looking in the back seat, it was obvious that noone had even tried to get the the hair out.Very disappointed that they don't vacuum. And the less than honest approach they took in dealing with my request.Other Auto Bells have better reviews, so I won't be coming back to this one.
4	Wow, I'm really surprised by the negative reviews. I'm not a "car person" and I tend to be a bit of a "slob" in my car. My dogs tend to shed all over the car also. Being far too lazy to attempt to clean the car myself I love Autobell's basic car wash. The guys do a quick vacuum, send it through the auto wash and then do the detail work - windows, wipe down and generally for my dog hair riddled car- a 2nd vacuum. It's not the equivalent of a real detail job but the results for the price are more than adequate and make me feel like I have a respectable car... at least for a few days!
2	Came here with my friend while I was visiting to have the rental car cleaned before returning to LA. The actual car wash was fine, nothing too special or spectacular.I thought it was really weird that they didn't vacuum out the trunk though... (maybe that's an LA thing?) It seems like every other place I've been they've spent a lot of time on vacuuming and this place just didn't.It was pretty affordable, but the service could have been better.
4	They always do a good job, the staff is quick and extremely polite. They could be a bit cheaper, but I guess I could wash/vacuum my car if I didn't want to shuck out the $15. Definitely worth the money on cold days!
4	This is a good location for a car wash.  Although the they can get a bit lazy on a Sunday, who can blame them?  I have only encountered one person who could not drive my manual car. The rest of the gang are always eager to please with each service.  I would highly recommend you sign up online for their coupons because they email them to me regularly and I use them all the time.  I just used my 5 dollar birthday coupon for a full service wash.  They also send free tire gloss coupons and other deals that are sure to make your experience great.  The one negative part about the location is traffic.  It can be brutal during peak times. Great service and super clean car!!
