5	I have been getting painting quotes for the interior of my house... and tAdam and company are great. Great prices! His reviews on Kudzu are amazing as well where I found him.I had another quote and they wanted 4,000 more!Adam was running a bit tardy for our appointment and he called 3 times to let me know! Now that is respect and customer service!
5	Life in Color is great - they are very fast and responsive - provided a more than reasonable quote and their work far exceeded our expectations!
5	Life in black and white would be very boring, but a man named Adam Maire decided he could spice that up and formed "Life In Color" Painting Services!  He was very prompt to return my request for a painting quote, was clean cut and very respectful and friendly.  I got 7 bids from different companies and his bid was so scary, having not just a lower price, but destroying all the others coming in at one fourth the price of 2 of the bidders!  I thought either he was poor at his estimates or the others just wanted to exploit me or weren't really interested in working.  Well Adam was "the man".  He did what he said he would and did it well and appeared to have fun doing a GREAT JOB!  WOW, customer service, skill in painting, honest and truly wants to please his customer and didn't even take a break for lunch so as to complete his job in one day.  I was shocked to see just one review for him on Yelp, but if you go to the Kudzu review site, the man has 59 out of 59 five star reviews.  I am impressed with his reputation and with the quality of his work.  I guess I sound like a big fan, but I am because he earned it.
5	Great company to work with!   I received a response to my information request within 1 business day and a very reasonable price quote within 24 hours of my estimate appointment. Adam was also very helpful with interior color selections and flexible if I changed my mind about my initial choices.  I will definitely be using Life in Color for exterior house painting later this year, and highly recommend this company!
5	Adam and his team painted the interior of my house this weekend and it looks phenomenal! He came highly recommended by a couple friends so I did not even bother looking around. I am so happy that I had this done. Adam came to do an estimate and said they usually run about 6 weeks out, which was fine with us. He kept in contact and emailed later the next week to say they had an opening that Saturday if I was interested. So the house was painted all in one day just 2 weeks after the estimate. They painted the entire downstairs and hallway up the stairs and the hall upstairs as well as one of the bedrooms. I love the house more now that it is painted and I never had to pick up a paint brush. I would use this service again in a heartbeat!
5	After several weeks of bids and lame pitches from multiple other contractors I chose Life in Color to paint our 12 year old home.  Adam was a standout guy from the moment I met him.  My gut feeling was he was "it".  Even though he was booked solid for several weeks out, we waited.  His quote was neither the most expensive, nor the cheapest, but not by much either way.  He was able to come start earlier than expected and he himself came out to pressure wash the house and verify all the color choices one last time.  His foreman Ray and 2 workers showed up right on time-Adam moments behind.  The team got their orders and off they went.  Taping, scraping, shoveling and even breaking out old stucco that Adam patched to perfection!  The work did not slow down one bit even when Adam was away.  All men were courteous and professional in appearance and manners.The job was completed in 3 days (as quoted) and was perfectly done.  The final day included a walkthrough where Ray and Adam walked the entire project and touched up the minimal issues.  Extra paint cans were labeled and given to us also.All in all it was a wise choice and I an see why Yelp and Kudzu users love this guy.  Don't waste your time anywhere else, call Adam!
5	I was recommended Adam to paint the exterior of my house and was not let down. I received other quotes and Adam's quote was right there at the bottom for pricing but..that lower price didn't reflect in his work. The work was great, fast and they cleaned up well afterwards. I did my homework before choosing Life in Color and I would definitely recommend them.
5	I had my home exterior, block wall, and metal fence recently painted by Life In Color. The house was painted in a two tone color and they did a great job. Adam was on time for the quote, able to follow my HOA guidelines and very responsive if something came up (a couple minor issues were addressed and fixed immediately).  Adam really cared and proved that to me plus his rates were very competitive. I would recommend and use them again.
5	Adam and his team painted my house a couple of weeks ago, and he made the exterior of my house look so much better.  I would use him again because his prices are so much better than most quotes I had received.  I am not big on writing reviews but had to write something on the job he did.
5	These guys offer up some awesome service. I had a quote done within a day of calling, and paint scheduled for a few weeks out. Adam, the owner, was easy to stay in contact with via Email, Phone, or text so I was always up-to-date on any needed information or schedule changes. Ray, a great guy of Life In Color, made it out early to wash the house so that their paint crew could start painting right away. The 1500 sq ft home (two story) was finished in two days right before Christmas, and I have not seen one issue yet. Beautiful paint job from these guys, and I would highly recommend them.
