5	Liz is the best massage therapist I have ever had!  She has the ability to know what my body needs to relax.  Definitely "Purrfect!)
5	So I got a groupon for a massage with Liz.  Little did I know it would be a life-changing experience.  This is not your run-of-the-mill spa/relaxation/candles/zen music massage.  This woman knows what the hell she is doing. First, she started doing her thing and asked if I had been in any sort of car accident.  I'm assuming she asked me this because I work at an ad agency and it's about on the same stress level playing field as a medium-to-serious fender bender on a daily basis. I have this spot in my lower back that just hurts all the time.  She pressed a spot on my  calf.  It didn't feel good.  Actually it hurt.  But two minutes later the pain in my back that had been a constant for the last two years had disappeared.  Like freaking magic.I walked out of there feeling like a high million bucks.  Seriously, this was life changing.  I don't get massages on the reg, usually only once every year or two.  But now the tides are turning.  This woman has put a spell on me.  And she works Sundays.
5	I was looking through living social for a massage offer in my area and came across a unique option from Purrfect Aesthetics for a massage and sugar scrub. I checked out the yelp reviews and only saw good things so I purchased the voucher and made an appointment. When I called she was booked pretty far out, so I booked for her next available Sunday. This is not a place that I would compare to typical massage/aesthetics offices. She will let you pick what you want to listen to and what scrubs and scents you prefer.Liz has a great technique! I felt like a millions bucks when I left and she also gave me some follow up specials. She does not cut corners even if it's a living social!I will definitely be back and referring friends and family!
5	Liz has worked on me for over ten years and with her almost 30 years experience, she knows what she is doing. It is always a great massage and the reflexology will relax you so much, you will fall asleep.
5	Liz is life changing. Seriously though, I bought her amazon local deal for a 75-minute massage and it was the most relaxing 75 minutes of my life. She knows all of the pressure points and how to make all pain go away. It came with a salt scrub on your back too, which was great. Her office is just a little room in a wellness clinic, but she is by far the best masseuse that I've ever seen. She also had great regular prices and offers a second time deal. She also works on Sundays. If you don't mind searching for her office (it's kind of hard to find - don't go to the oriental place in the strip mall) then I definitely recommend her. I know I'll be going back.
5	I have come back to Liz and quit my membership at one of the chain because I couldn't find anyone as good as Liz.  It took me awhile to get an appointment as she was booking a couple of weeks out but it was worth it.  She really works on you and where you need it, listens to your preferences and gives you all sorts of options during the treatment that can help with muscle relaxation and/or pain.  And her massage feels great too!  She is very reasonable with her prices.  I would pay more for her than she charges!  She also works weekends and evenings which makes it convenient with my schedule.
5	Liz is a great massage therapist.  She's a small woman and at first glance you might think she couldn't do a good deep tissue, but make no mistake, she certainly can!  She doesn't skimp on either technique or time in a massage.  She's also quite motherly and very attentive, and remembers things about you that you talked about the last time you visited.  I also had a facial with her and that was a great experience too.  I'm going back for my third visit soon!
5	Hands down, the best massage of my life!! And I've had over 20 massages from many other places. Liz is by far the best. I was skeptical of all the rave reviews on here but it rings true, she's amazing. I left feeling so relaxed and pampered. It's quite a drive down to Tempe but well worth it! She has deals all the time, like $40 for 90 minutes, I'm going back next month!!
1	Voicemail full at times when called to scheduled. Left several messages on a voicemail to schedule. Never heard back. Not good business. Told Amazon local about my problems with this business and it was nice to get my money back in an unused voucher.
5	I went to see Liz after reading all the great reviews she had on Yelp and purchasing a Groupon. This has been the BEST massage I have ever received! She is very  professional, organized and accommodating. Her priority is to make sure you are comfortable and that she meets your needs. I will for sure take advantage of the great deals she offers to returning customers.
5	I had originally come in with a groupon and had no problem making my appointment. Liz returned my call the same day to set up a time. I have made all my other appointments with her after other visits, so I have never had any issues with scheduling.( I go monthly for massages, and as needed for facials.)She gives the best massages I have ever had.  She definitely knows her stuff.  After a year of physical therapy trying to avoid of tendon fusion and ligament repair on my feet and lower legs I was still having issues with chronic pain in my legs and lower back. She always hones in on the problem areas even if its one I forgot to mention. - (Isn't everything supposed to ache all the time?) And can deeply work problem spots while still keeping the massage relaxing. Her massages leave me feeling like jello for days afterwards. I also highly recommend her skincare services as well. The facials are very relaxing and definitely help trouble spots. She uses products from a local company- which is also a plus, and does not try up-sell you afterwards.
5	I received a Groupon for a massage with Liz. She returned all my calls to make an appointment and was very nice. When I went in for my massage, she was very knowledgeable and knew exactly how to fix my aches and pains. It was an overall relaxing experience. Definitely would go back again.
