3	Pleasantly surprised.  After some bad experiences at a North Phoenix Manuel's, I hadn't tried another one in years.  But today it was close and well... I'm glad I went.  I was able to get a table at 1pm - and there was only other one couple in eye shot. Part of that is because there are lots of little alcoves for eating, and part of it is because they serve the food so quickly that if you got there at noon you're out the door by 1pm easily.  I'm willing to give it that excuse because both the service and the food were quite good.  Their rice and beans aren't anything to write home about, but they weren't so bad that it took away from the meal.  My only negative, and this could be why there were fewer folks, is that not only do they have a pretty limited lunch menu, with much smaller portions, but they aren't really "lunch special" prices.  Their lunch menu ran from $7-10 with most things $8-9.  Considering the full sized meals with more options were available for just $1-$2 more, why not get the larger size and a doggie bag for dinner?  Not a bad spot, but didn't exactly rock my world either.  Ideally - 3 1/2 stars.
4	pretty average mexican food, with a large cantina area atttached that becomes a club of sorts on the weekend.to be honest, i've been here three times in as many years. with casa reynosa and rosita's so close, i tend to opt for them over this place.
3	I happened to visit Manuel's yesterday for some lunch with some friends. I had never gone before, but thought I would give it a try.  Here's a very quick assessment of the place:atmosphere: very 70s/80s - clearly the place has been here a while.service: fair. nothing stellar, but not terrible either.food: also fair, not great but not bad.price: perhaps a bit overpriced for the quality, but not by much.overall experience: ok.
3	Manuel's used to be awesome.  Definitely would have been a four star Mexican restaurant.  However, something changed.  Ownership, menu, service.  It's bordering Garcia's territory, except the albondigas and the ribeye steak with norteno sauce are still pretty good.
4	This place is consistently very good.  It isn't the cheapest Mexican restaurant around, but it's also of a higher quality than many.  My favorite dishes are the cheese & onion enchiladas and the spinach enchiladas.  I have never tried anything there I didn't enjoy.  I am really amused by the retro, deep leather booths they have.  They are really comfortable, but sort of strange looking and not necessarily what you would expect to see in a Mexican restaurant.  I am still looking forward to the visit where I save room for dessert!
4	I have been going to this Manuel's since 1983! My baby ate cheese crisp & green corn tamales in the high chair there. Guess what, still goes there for the same! The green corn tamales haven't changed in all these years, still great. The sampler platter is awesome. The margaritas are good, not watered down like some places! I love the chicken chimis, seasoned wonderfully, not just meat in a tortilla, like many places! The flan is YUMMY! So are the sopapillas!! The decor is "vintage mexican restaurant" with thick leather booths and hanging plants. There is a bar in the restaurant area with sports on the tvs and a full separate bar called Tiajuana Tilly's.he parking can be touch on Friday & Sat night. Monday night in the restuarant they have 1/2 price margaritas and Tuesday is kids eat FREE night- I think? Mine are grown. They had this busboy 20 years ago that we dubbed "The World's Greatest Busboy" because he could work the whole dining room and you never wanted for anything! He ws AMAZING! I hear he is a maitre d' in Phoenix now. But, never fear they have a fantastic waiter- Luis. We only go when he is working, so if you go, tell him Desertdoll sent you! He will take good care of you! and live a little, get the green corn tamale!
1	OK...I just walked back into my hotel room after a meal at this place. I think I'm being overly generous by even giving them one star.  Fact of the matter is I had no choice but to give them one because there was nothing lower.I had the #5 combination which consisted of one cheese enchilada (which was 1/100th of a percent decent), one shredded beef hard shell taco (which was perhaps the best thing on the plate), and one bean tostada (stale tostada).  I also ordered an overpriced ($7.95) chile relleno a la carte that tasted more like an "effen" omelette.  C'mon now!!! The consistency of the egg covering the chile relleno should be fluffy and quickly fried.  This thing looked like and tasted as if they first made an Omelette and then wrapped it around a steamed chile....the chile wasn't even fire roasted!!!! Friends, I know real Mexican food....FINE Mexican food for that matter and this place IS NOT IT!  With all due respect to those of you who have written rave reviews about this place and of course to the proprietors, BUT I think I would have had a much better meal at the nearest taco bell, gladly paying the $25 bucks I laid down for a less than mediocre meal.  My recommendation to you all is .....DON'T BOTHER.  They should really consider dropping the "FINE" from the name of this establishment.On a good note - The lady tending bar that evening was very very nice and attentive.... unfortunately the service alone can't hold this place up.
2	The other day my coworker and I attempted to hit up El Buen Sabor for their $0.99 taco tuesday special (seeing a theme here yet?), and much to our dismay, their doors were locked, their menu board was down, and it appears as though they have shut down. Since we didn't want to drive much further, he recommended we give Manuel's a try, and as I didn't have much of a choice, I agreed. I ordered two tacos, the shredded beef was ok, however the chicken was the absolute WORST I've had in as long as I can remember. I was starving, and I couldn't even bring myself to eat more than two bites. Very disappointing...it takes some serious hard work and effort to completely f-up something as simple as chicken! I filled up on chips and salsa, which were decent, but I just can't get over the whole chicken ordeal. Not to mention, at $15 after tip, this was no bargain. I will not be making a return appearance.
