5	Let me preface this review with this simple statement: I HATE going to the dentist. I don't mean I dislike it or it is unpleasant for me. I mean I really really HATE going to the dentist. I grew up with military dentists and if you grew up going to them you understand. Dr. Wood is very patient and considerate with people like me. He explains what he is doing and why. He also gives me laughing gas right after he finishes talking about what we are doing for that visit. That stuff is wonderful and makes going to the dentist so much easier. I have to also say that I refer to my teeth as 'the million dollar mouth' because of the amount of dental work I have had and still need. Dr. Wood did my most recent, but not last, crown. I have a mouth full of crowns and am on my second or third set for most of them so I have some experience with the procedure. The crown Dr. Wood put in is the best fitting, most natural looking crown I have. No gaps and the color is darn near a perfect match and I am not easy to match on color. It was also the least painless crown procedure I have ever had done and one of the most reasonably priced. Could I feel this way because of the gas? Maybe.....but I do think part of it was because of the Dr's skill. The staff is wonderful, Jill and Mary at the front desk are friendly and caring. Kathy is the hygienist and does a great job. These women are great and I almost feel sorry for the Dr when they start teasing him. Almost but not quite. If you are looking for a good dentist in this area, take a few minutes and check out Dr. Wood. You will be glad you did.
5	I have been receiving my dental work from Dr. Woods since I was a wee teenager. I used to go to office on 19th and Northern before he moved to his new location. I lived in Oregon for about 5 years and just now have been able to come back to my home dentist.3 things:1-Great chair side manners2-Experienced3-Wonderful front house.I have been very busy with certain priorities that requires a flexible schedule . I rescheduled several times and Jill was very kind in every way. It was nice.I strongly recommend them.  R\_
5	I have been to many dentists and I must say that I am so very impressed with Dr. Wood. He is kind, gentle, caring and thorough. I had to have my tooth extracted and will need to have an implant done. He has helped me in getting this set up. I was also incredibly impressed that the night I had the tooth extracted he HIMSELF, called to make sure I was doing okay! I was unable to answer the call but I felt so honored that he would take the time to check up on me. He also offered me a direct line to get a hold of him if I were to have any issues. The customer service of Mary and Jill is spectacular, they are wonderfully sweet ladies to work with and I enjoy talking with them. The hygenist (unfortunately I cannot remember her name) was sweet, wonderful and so caring. The assistant (whose name I have also forgotten) for my extraction was also just amazing. I was quite anxious and even though I had the laughing gas I expected to feel some pain (I did not but the expectation was there...sounds etc.). She knew just how to calm my nerves and help me to relax. I am so incredibly impressed with this office and am so glad I followed through on the referral I received from a friend. You cannot go wrong with Dr. Wood!
5	Dr. Wood is an amazing dentist. He is friendly, knowledgeable and cares about his patients. He never makes me feel rushed when I am asking questions and he makes me feel at ease in the chair. I have never felt pushed into making any hasty decisions on major dental work. His staff is just amazing as well. Everyone is friendly and they greet you by name. When they gave me a referral for an orthodontist, they provided me with all information that I needed and also offered to send any information over to save me time. Liz, the dental hygienist, has always done my cleanings and she is such a genuinely sweet person. She always takes her time and I feel great when she has completed the cleaning. The exam rooms and front office are clean and modern. I feel very relaxed when I am in the office, either waiting or sitting in the chair. All machinery is never outdated or worn. I tell everyone how great Dr. Wood and his staff are all the time!
5	30 min for a quick filling...same day as my cleaning!Great!I have been visiting Dr. Woods for a long time, since I was small, and I think he does an honest service and would recommenced him. I travel over 20 miles to have my cleaning done with him and his team.RL
5	This is a great place! The dentist is extremely thorough and has genuine interest and concern for his patients. It is also very state of the art and ahead of the times compared to every other office I've experienced. I am happy my husband found Dr. Woods.
5	We have all had need to find a new dentist and have worried about running into a quick buck dentist.  You know the type... all fillings should be replaced, everything needs to be fixed before it gets worse, unheard of treatments and procedures.  That is NOT Dr. Wood.  He is interested in whatever is best for the patient.No busy, busy, hurry, hurry atmosphere.  A feeling that the patient is important.  Very thorough exam.  His staff have been there forever; that in itself is telling.  Senior citizen discount.
5	As a new patient with a toothache I was very happy with the service provided.  I got an appointment quickly and same-day resolution.  My tooth was pulled fairly painlessly and the follow-up was great.  I got a call from the office staff to check on me a little while after the appointment and another call from Dr. Wood later in the day. No complaints here.  Great job.
5	Leaving my dentist back home of over 18 years made me VERY nervous.  Since I'm new to the area I came to trusty Yelp to help me find someone.  I called & the lady on the other end of the phone was so unbelievably sweet & answered all of my questions, she got me in within 2 days.  Upon my arrival I was greeted with such a warm welcome from all of the staff.  I was taken back & seen promptly. Dr. Wood was so friendly & warm & everyone helped with my uneasiness. They talked me thru every step & when I came back 2 weeks later for my filling the ladies at the front remembered me & greeted me with the same friendly, warm demeanor as before. I was very nervous & actually shaking but Dr. Wood & his staff once again calmed my nerves & made me feel at ease. I've only been here twice but the staff has all made me feel like I'm a long time patient! I even received a letter with a hand-written note from Dr. Wood thanking me for becoming his patient.  I'll be recommending them to EVERYONE!
5	My husband and I are both patients of Dr. Wood and have been seeing him for a few months now.  He did a crown for a titanium implant and a few fillings as well as a thorough inspection and tooth cleaning.  For my husband, the inspections has begun, and I could not be more pleased with the professionalism.  Dr. Wood and his staff are incredibly detail-oriented with the entire process and if you have ever been to another dentist in your life, you will be shocked at the level they could be at if they followed Dr. Wood's example.  His staff is kind.  The front desk ladies are kind.  Kindness and professional medical knowledge and dedication are traits I have always hoped for and have never been able to find in a dentist.  I highly recommend him and his practice.
