5	Finest and most dedicated desserts in PGH. I've tried Paris Brest, Eclair, and the Strawberry Tart. All very well done. Balanced in flavors and texture. (I bake a lot myself. :p) Finally find a not-americanized good patisserie place in pittsburgh. hooray~Maybe not a good place if you just like "sweet" stuff but don't care much about other things tho....
5	I've been to Paris a handful of times. I lived there for a summer when I was 17. Never, have I had French pastries, croissants, or bread as good outside of the city of lights. My fiancee and I went there this morning for the first time and were blown away. We ordered a quiche, a loaf of rye bread, a butter croissant, a pain au chocolat (chocolate croissant), and  a pain au raisin, (a pastry with raisins...my favorite). Each was delicious. The quiche was light and fluffy (like it should be). The croissants were filled with enough butter to make them melt in your mouth. And the bread (which we tried at home) was crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, and delicious all around.I can't express how excited I am that we now have an authentic and outstanding French bakery in Pittsburgh. If only it were in Squirrel HIll (where I live) and not in Lawrenceville. I guess we'll have to make more trips out that way!
4	Pretty good for a French bakery, very good if you like crusty, crusty bread.  Just remember that it's a French bakery - you're SOL if you're headed here for a nice sourdough or rye loaf.The pre-made sandwiches are good because of the chewy baguette, but the non-bread ingredients aren't particularly special.  (Still, for $5, it's an excellent sandwich - not too big, not too small, and very tasty.)...And I'm still holding out for a good, regular bread bakery in Lawrenceville that doesn't confine itself to cupcakes or the breads of one European country.  You build it and I will come.
5	By far..the best quiche ever.  I go at least once a week to indulge on a piece of quiche and a bite of dessert.  Would be nice to be able to sit and have lunch instead of standing at a table but love it anyway.
5	I stick with my previous review for the rest of the bread, but I finally hit it for breakfast pastries: kick ass!  Easily one of the best croissants I've ever had, and the turnover and cinnamon roll were awesome, too.Overall assessment:bread: 4 starspastry: 5 starsmean: 4.5 stars, which rounds to 5They're friendly, too.  I also think they're giving up a nice chunk of revenue by not being open for take-home pastries on Sunday (hint, hint).
5	I have been excited about trying La Gourmandine since it opened and I finally got to go try it this morning for breakfast.  All I can say is wow!  I was so impressed and pleased with my experience that I can't wait to go back for more.  I bought an almond croissant and coffee ($3 total) and a baguette for later ($2).  The croissant was fantastic and the coffee was very tasty.  The baguette was just as perfect (with cheese for lunch).  Great little bakery, keep it coming!!
5	I really can't get enough of this place. Everything is just delicious. The chocolate eclairs are to die for. Excellent croissant (although a few times they seem a bit underdone in the middle). The little tarts are beautiful AND delicious. The prices are pretty reasonable and the staff are pretty nice. They really should have gotten a bigger space to allow for more seating though; they have a few tables outside and a couple standing tables inside, but come winter time you won't really be able to enjoy anything inside the store.Only downside? They aren't open late enough, so it takes an act of work-scheduling-god for me to be able to get to the place.
5	This place is truly lovely. We live close by, and at first just walking by the place thought this was some chica's "lifestyle business" and wouldn't do well, but man, we were wrong - they were just getting down to business.  They are a real French bakery, with excellent breads and excellent French desserts. (Fruit tarts to rival the best.) In walking by for the bus, I have even seen people waiting or knocking on the door even before they were open. It might only take a while before they have lines out the door. My only complaints: for a bakery, 7:30 is kind of a late opening, and on the weekends, it would be nice to get early breakfast. Also, it would be nice if they had espresso. Pretty small complaints, really.(PS, you can get the new 93 bus down here from Oakland if you hadn't heard.)
5	Amazing. get the almond cream croissant! i think its cash only.. but worth every penny.
5	Charming, Charming, Charming. Friendly staff and very moderate prices. Authentic and tasty as can be. Simple seating outside and this place has morning and evening rush hours so beware. There's a park a the end of the block across the street where you can eat your treats if the shop and outdoor seating are full (only 4 tables total so fills up quick ).This spot is a favorite for sure. Ask about the $3 coffee and pastry deal. Bring your own travel mug for coffee as the place has only styrofoam togo cups.
5	Now I've gone through almost everything they have except bread and sandwich, I still LOVE it. Every time I saved myself one almond croissant from here for breakfast next morning, I go to bed with a sweet smile. They have the best danish and croissant in town to my opinion, creamy and flavorful, but not loaded with sugar.
5	Dear delightful french bakery next door. Your hours suck. And you need to stop playing coy and open on Sunday. I mean seriously? Tuesday can eff off. I need a pastry and some delicious coffee on Sunday morning. Also, I love your baguettes and sandwiches. This is one of those places that will bring joy to your heart. (Assuming your heart is also closed on Sunday)
5	I love a god eclair. But I've never had an eclair like that.Everything we tried was marvelous - go Larryville!
5	I love love love love love this bakery.  It's been so difficult to find a good bakery/pastry shop around Pittsburgh.  Before La Gourmandine, my boyfriend and I have been going to Allegro Hearth in Squirrel Hill and Whole Foods.  However, neither have left us satisfied.  We heard news of La Gourmandine this summer and we decided to give it a try one Saturday and we were not disappointed.  We come here often on Saturdays for the pastries.  They are definitely authentic (my French boyfriend verified it).  My favorite are the croissants aux amandes (almond croissants) because they are just simply warm, gooey, and delicious.  If you're lucky to get them just as they come fresh from the oven, you will need a fork and knife to enjoy them.  These are dense, sweet and buttery on the inside (filled with almond paste--though the word paste doesn't do it justice) and crunchy and crispy on the outside.  In fact, they are unlike any other croissant I've ever tasted before.  The flans patissiers, pains aux raisins, tarlettes aux pommes, choux a la creme,and mousselines are good too.  Pretty much all of their pastries.  We have never tried the breads there simply because I'm not a fan of Parisian style breads (They tend to be darker and dry). Considering the quality of their pastries, prices are very reasonable, especially compared to what we've paid at Whole Foods and Allegro Hearth in the past.  I love this place!  I wish it would be open more (like on Sunday and later in the early evening).  Also, it would be lovely if they have an espresso machine.  There's nothing like dipping your warm pastry in a cup of espresso for breakfast.  Yum!
2	I have to be honest. I JUST don't get the hype. First off, a patisserie should have an espresso machine (not coffee that you would find in your office break room). In addition, they should offer (and maybe they do?) tea. Coke and croissant? I don't think so... The quiche was runny and I'm now worried about salmonella and the croissant aux amandes was very heavy. My friend felt that his pain au chocolat needed more pain and less beurre. However, my roommate, who has studied in both France and West Africa, really enjoyed her pain aux raisin.
5	Another gem in Pittsburgh. Serves desserts, We had an amazing chocolate parfait to go. Silky, mousse-y, and creamy yet not heavy at all. Coffee eclair was also very good. Beautiful...
5	I have to say I'm extremely biased here because this place is just down the street with me. But come on, the owners speak French! Their pastries are incredible. Every time I go I get a few classic eclairs as well as a few more things that I'm unfamiliar with, just for fun. Not once have I ever had something I did not like.I honestly can't think of anything bad to say about La Gourmandine. It's delicious and everything they make is done that morning. When they're out, they're out, and it's reassuring to go into their bakery right before closing and see that most of the stuff has been snapped up.Their baguette sandwiches and quiches are also great for breakfast, brunch, or lunch.I hope some day they get a nice espresso machine and put the cherry on top of an already near perfect establishment. If I can get my eclair with a foamy cafe au lait, I'd be in heaven.I have a more in-depth article on my website.  http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/06/30/cest-magnifique-la-gourmadine-in-pittsburgh/
5	And my gourmet food pillaging during spring break continues...with almond croissants.Having never been able to visit La Gourmandine because the PTA doesn't take me here without an obscene transfer, I seized the opportunity to do so when I had my rental car.  i've had this bakery on my bookmarks since the week after i moved to pittsburgh this past august.  In fact, I was so stoked to try out this place, I woke up at 7:30AM.  As a reference, I usually go to bed around 6AM and wake up around 1PM.The bakery itself was just as I expected (based on the reviews and pictures I've read and seen), small and quaint.  Because of their size, they don't seem to bake in large quantities; when I got there, they had just taken my prime target out from the back. almond croissants.  For the longest time, I've been trying to research places that could match the way that St. Honore Boulangerie in portland, OR, makes their almond croissants. the two main characteristics? crispy outside (brownish), and almond paste-y goodness inside (see http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jJP0FVA7PY7R0SkGaNC9Kg?select=q7PjkW1IQFM95teJ6Iccng for st honore's almond croissants).  most never seem to make the outside crispy enough, and because of the priciness of almond paste, many skimp out on putting a satisfactory amount.  Priced at $3.10 (vs. St Honore's blasphemous 4.75 or something), the almond croissant was the closest that I've tasted yet to that of the bakery in portland.  Although the outside texture was still a slight miss, given my tireless search for a good croissant, I'm more than satisfied with this place. I took two of the mere three they came out with from the back, along with a chocolate eclair and something else my girlfriend ordered, and we headed out to crazy mocha in shadyside to enjoy our breakfast.I'm not a big fan of eclairs, and I haven't tasted many eclairs before, so I can't make fair judgement of the ones at this bakery.I'll let the pictures do the talking - do be reminded that I took all these pictures with my iPhone camera. I highly recommend this place, and I'll definitely be back again to beast mode through their entire daily batch of almond croissants.
5	As I finished studying abroad in Paris for 4 months last spring, one of the hardest things I knew I would have to part with were the pain au chocolats. I literally DIED when I followed the reviews on here to this lovely bakery, and have been going back every weekend. Everyone I have taken here has fallen in love with the small yet so parisienne bakery. Their croissants are as similar to the ones in found in the small back streets of paris that you are going to get, the sandwhiches remind me of walks along the Seine, and the customer service is warm and makes you want to come back again. There are 3 small tables (mostly ones for standing) that you can enjoy your croissant, sandwhich, or coffee at while you listen to the owners speak french (along with the different languages of the customers stopping by). There is quite the foot traffic in this small bakery, so go early on the weekends or risk a small selection!Overall, this place is making the aching in my heart a little less, so if you have studied in France, read about France, dreamed about France, or are just curious about french pastries, PLEASE go to this bakery!
4	Who would have guessed a few years ago that Lawrenceville would ever have perfect french treats on Butler Street? Probably someone would have guessed, but not me. The pastries are flakey and not over-sweet. The coffee is really good (although the coffee set up is a little awkward.) The staff is incredibly nice and they don't mind when I use my debit card to pay for the super-awesome-so-cheap pastry and coffee special ($3!). And they open at 7:30, making the shop a perfect quick stop before I head out to work. Our timetables are in alignment, and I like that. Plus, early-birds get warm baked goods. It pays to be early.But here's my nit-pick: the atmosphere is a little... off... for me. They have that beautiful brick wall, and cute chalk boards and nice display cases, and then it feels like the room designer gave up on the rest of the place. Maybe a little color or something to warm it up. Or maybe it's the lighting. I'm not sure. But it's not like you're going to be hanging out there for long anyway. There are two or three small tables and no seating. So get your really wonderful pastry and hit the road. Or the sidewalk. It's probably not a bad idea to walk and burn off some of the pastry. Especially if you can't help gobbling down two of whatever you bought, like me.
5	After three years in France, I can definitely confirm that this is a the real deal.  Fabien and Lisanne have taken a lot of time and care to make certain that their pastries are authentic.  I appreciate that they have kept their food true to tradition -- while there is something to be said for altering your menu for the local geography, they've kept the icing in the bag and adhered to the recipes, making La Gourmandine feel like a patisserie you'd find in a little French village.  The chouquettes and tarte aux poires are especially good.  Plus, this is a great spot to get a taste of French culture, with local language meetup groups camping out here!
4	My one previous qualm about La Gourmandine was the atmosphere. Qualms=relieved! There are now two very cute wrought iron tables. With chairs! And nothing in the setup is bistro height! So, two pairs of people can sit comfortably and have a delicious pasty. Or sandwich. (Or, you know... PASTRY.)Also, there's some kind of special where you can get a medium coffee and a pastry for $3.00. This is so so super rad. In Boston I would be paying twice that for something comparable.Note for summer: they do not do iced drinks.
5	This bakery was everything the Yelpers said it would be and then some. Honestly, after eating there once, I wouldn't have cared if it was in the middle of Homewood, open only in the middle of the night, the pastries were amazing! An added bonus was that their coffee was also delectable. Twice in our visit to Pittsburgh we visited, both times with rather large pastry orders, to try and sample the widest variety of pastries possible. I don't really have a sweet tooth, but I have a soft spot for well-made pastry and this place hit the nail on the head. I haven't been to France, so I cannot attest to it's authenticity, but it is the sort of stuff I dream of visiting if I were to ever go to France. All of their prices were extremely reasonable, especially given that their goods are baked fresh daily--I was a little shocked actually, at how cheap they were. While I didn't purchase any, their prices on whole cakes and pastries to take home were also extremely reasonable. The service was quick, efficient and pleasant. All of the pastries were not overly sweet, nor did they give you the sort of sugar shock you associate with cheap pastries. (I also purchased a giant box of pastries before leaving town and they traveled remarkably well in the car for eight hours, not getting soggy or melting.)The chocolate eclair, lemon tart, raspberry tart, croissant, almond filled croissant, chocolate filled croissant, chouquette and cinnamon roll were all to die for delicious. The only pastry I had that I wasn't overly excited about was the raisin pastry, but it was just a little dry and I'm not overly fond of raisins. You must, must, must visit if you are in the market for high quality pastries.
4	Some of these reviews are fairly wordy, so I'll keep this simple:La Gourmandine is a small shop in a nice area--there's a table outside and a table or two inside. The coffee is hot, the bread is unbelievable, and the quiche is to die for. I suggest the salmon quiche, but all of the flavors are always excellent.The people behind the counter are friendly and combine everything with affordable prices, and you have a returning customer out of me.Any foodie in Pittsburgh looking for a nice morning pastry should definitely go here.
5	Delicious! Amazing! The pastries are unbelievable, surprisingly great coffee too. Only complaint is that they are not open on Sunday.
5	OOOOOORRRRRLLLLLHHHHHHHHH GAAAWWDDDDD. That's really the best way to describe what you will say if you eat one of their creations. Highly recommend the chocolate eclairs and the almond croissant. And even better, the cashiers are ALWAYS super friendly and have a smile on their face.
4	I got their vegetarian quiche and a raspberry almond tart.  Both were fabulous!
4	We found out about this bakery thru Yelp.  We had been wanting to try out those almond croissants for quite some time.  We happened to be in the area on an early Saturday afternoon.  Unfortunately for us, they were out!  No croissants of any kind!   We opted for an apple pastry and a pistachio eclair.  Both were delicious.  Can't wait to visit, again.
5	The best french bakery hands down.  I live in Virginia and wish there was something close to the level of greatness as this place.  Every time I come up to Pittsburgh,  I make sure to stop here for their tuna and turkey sandwiches.  The french bread is to die for and it is the best I have every tasted.  If you are in town check this place out!
5	Oh my. This place is GREAT.My mother and I recently went out for a day of sweets and treats, and this was our top stop.  We also went to Prantls in Shadyside and it did not even compare.  I had at least 5 different kinds of tarts and pastries and they were all delicious.  The raspberry tart was excellent, and they also made this snowman looking thing.  It comes in chocolate and vanilla, and the vanilla  one was absolutely amazing.  There was literally not a single pastry in that place that I wouldnt eat.  I plan on going back next week for more treats.  Also the work staff was very pleasant.
5	The husband and wife owners of La Gourmandine were born and raised in France.  They studied in Paris, and the entire city of Pittsburgh is VERY fortunate that they have opened a bakery here.  It is the very best French bakery I've ever been to outside of France.  Everything I've ever tasted here has been phenomenal.  Everything.  Everything!  If you haven't been here - you must go TODAY.  When you go here for the first time, you will feel sad and angry at yourself that you've lived in this city and haven't been here before.  You will dream about their bread and croissants.  You will find yourself sitting in your office in the middle of the day having naughty thoughts about the pain au chocolat that will cause you to blush and feel lightheaded.  You will develop an addiction that will eventually lead to finding yourself driving through the snow- and ice- covered streets of Lawrenceville in the middle of February at the crack of dawn on a Saturday morning - unbathed and anxious that you will arrive to find your favorite pastry sold-out by the time you arrive.  You will buy an extra loaf of bread for the trip home - tearing huge hunks of crusty, nutty, chewy baguette and stuffing them into your mouth at red lights.  You will get irritated when you arrive at an intersection and the light is green.  The front of your coat will be covered in bread crumbs and you will not care.  Your jaw will ache a little and you will not care.  You will arrive home and run RUN to your kitchen to grind your best coffee, and you will patiently wait to brew a perfect carafe of French-press while you steel yourself to have the fortitude to not even LOOK at the boxes of pastries you've bought.  You will even prove to yourself that you are mentally strong - by leaving your coffee sit for a few minutes to cool to the perfect sipping temperature.  Then - then you will feel an immense wave of self-satisfaction with yourself, your mental resolve, and your good fortune.  You will eat your pastries and drink your perfect coffee and your eyes will roll into the back of your head and your heart will leap with happiness.  You will sit back and you will realize that your life is wonderful and you will allow yourself to be happy.  Purely happy.
4	Mmmmm. La Gourmandine. The yelp reviews did it justice. Lots of little baguettes and pastries filled this place. Our selection was a little sad- I mean, what do you expect for stopping in at 3pm on the Saturday of Labor Day weekend? But we split this chocolate eclair dessert- and mmmmmm. Oh how I love desserts. Nice and chocolate-y, yet not overally sweet? Mmmmmm.Had we had been more hungry and had we come earlier, we totally would have gotten more. Definitely worth the stop..... :)
5	Their choux is divine, really beautiful. And the pastry filled with custard and covered in vanilla glaze with pearls is alone worth a trip across town.While Jean Marc takes the trophy for croissants, and is more reasonably priced too, La Gourmandine excels at all things choux and some of their pastries are unique and uniquely good.
5	Best bakery... EVER!!! Hubby and I have tried pretty much everything they make by now. We go every saturday morning right when they open for the best selection of goodies. You can also pre-order, just to play it safe. The almond croissants are my favorite. But they're nice and crisp on the outside right when they come out. Once they get stacked on top of one another and sit for a while, they get a bit soggier. But once you re-toast/bake them they're good as new. We love just about everything there, especially the almond croissants, raspberry almond tarts, mango/passionfruit/coconut mousse cake. Their almond paste is the best around. Most place cheap out on almond paste, but La Gourmandine's is REAL almond paste and pretty darn DELICIOUS almond paste too. We've gone here every week for the last couple months since we discovered this gem! My favorite place in all of Pittsburgh. :]
5	my cousins took me here and i was just blown away. one word to describe their food and that is delicious! i had the tartelettes au citron and it was amazing. i definitely have to come back and try more. your taste buds will feel as if they died and gone to heaven.  so GOOD!
5	I have been to this bakery multiple times and each time I am impressed with the selection as well as the service. I arrived here about 15 minutes before opening on a Saturday and a line had already formed out the door.  What we sampled: Pain au chocolat ou Chocolatine (outrageously delicious and flakey)Brioche fine (sampled later in the day and was still as good as the things we tried for breakfast)Croissant aux amandes (delicious almond croissant!)Baguette traditionnelle (best baguette ever!)I will definitely return, and even with the line once the doors opened I was out in about 3.5 minutes!
5	The bad news is that I've just moved within a few blocks of this bakery.  :-)  I absolutely have loved everything I've bought here.  The lemon tarts are especially tasty.  I recently tried the flan and it was exceptional.  Any weight I gain in the next few months will be blamed on La Gourmandine!
4	I'm French-Canadian and I've grown up with French bread/pastries/etc at every single holiday and/or special event so I consider myself a connoisseur of French baked goods and I would have to say this is a pretty fine place to get something delicious. The only reason why I didn't give them 5 stars is because, well. My mom is French and she will forever be in my heart the best baker in the world. Everything is baked with love and you can't top that, but La Gourmandine does come in at a very close second!
5	This is an amazing bakery. The baguettes alone are to die for, not to mention all the other delicious goodies for sale. This place is truly top notch and as good as any bakery anywhere.
3	I saw this place has 5 full stars and I just had to---pop the bubble.  Mainly because it's really not all that great.  Have you all tried Jean Marc in Millvale?  This place cannot hold a French candlelight  to Jean Marc!  Cons: It's more expensive, the chocolate croissants have less chocolate, and the signature almond croissant was ho-hum to me. Pros: This place does have a very nice location and it does look very pretty inside and out.  It has a couple tables to sit at.  It has a wider variety as it is a bakery (I was eyeing one of those French sandwiches).Main point is I would come back only if all the bridges to Millvale were blocked and if that were the case, I might just give up my French bakery excursion altogether.  Try Jean Marc!
5	Yum Yum Yum...Insanely deliciously. Deliriously cute and so are the staff.  I dont like the heavy sugary pastries. This has a better balance than heavy chocolates most pastries have. It hit the mark with the buttery flaky euro thingy they do.I look forward to seeing people bike down the street with a baguette in hand, on their way to coffee and something to dunk it in!This bakery just upped the ante to Lawrenceville and the neighborhood deserves an accent mark in their name.
5	So it's been a few months since we first discovered this gem, and we still love it here, and still try to come out every Saturday. We love that they're always coming out with new pastries/goodies. Most recently, we've discovered the pistachio eclairs and the king's crown puffed pastry round (Sorry, I don't have the French names). And the baguettes are always good (and a steal), in addition to everything else we love there.  Still waiting for them to "perfect" their macaroon recipe. We'll be the first ones lined up to buy those!! If you've ever get to try one from a cake, you'll know what we mean!
5	WOW.I never thought I would be so impressed with something as simple as a lemon tart or a hazelnut puff pastry, but La Gourmandine is solely responsible for spoiling my appetite for dinner.  I jumped straight to the dessert and sat on the couch with mixed feelings of satisfaction and disappointment in my inability to restrain myself and wait to eat the delicious desserts until after dinner.  Oh well!
4	I have to say, the shop itself I thought was a bit pretentious. But it could just be the way Lawrenveville has been developing.  Or the fact that I was coming from Barb's Country Kitchen, a strong contrast. Despite my first impressions of the shop itself, the almond croissant was magical. The chocolate eclair was delightful. And even though I am a faithful supporter of BreadWorks, I have to admit the baguette was perhaps the best I've ever eaten.  I most certainly recommend giving it a try. And I will return, if for no other reason than to try a sandwich and soup, something I was not expecting to see when I walked in the door.
5	I am SOOOOOOOOOO glad that another French bakery has opened in Pittsburgh.  Its competition's same ol' same ol' menu and snooty French attitude are what drove me away from going there.If you are looking for unique and authentic French delights, this is the place the check out!  They have the best almond croissant and amazing bread....something Jean - Marc does not have!
5	I'm guilty of making fun of places for being "the best of Pittsburgh". By that I mean it's the best of Pittsburgh but not even close to being the best I've had or the best in any other major city. THIS IS NOT ONE OF THOSE PLACES.Every morsel of food from here has pleased me greatly!
5	This bakery offers really authentic French pastries!! Although the desserts were not mindblowing, they were very decadent and very well prepared.We went there and spent $25 to get a sample of everything: pastries (the plain croissants, pain au chocolat and the chocolate and eggs braid -- don't recall its french name), desserts (lemon tartelette, a chocolate semi-froid with ganache on top and a raspberry bavaroise) and the bread. Out of all these, i truly recommend the plain croissants, the chocolate braids and the lemon tartelette: they were really really good! finally, one place in pittsburgh made me feel we don't need to miss europe for pastries. :)
5	This place is absolutely, mind-blowing, unbelievable!  I lived for a brief stint in Paris (pah-ree), and this is as if a wonderful Paris boulangerie set it's digs in Pittsburgh.  It's spot on!  You must give this place a try, you won't be sorry.  I'm not lying when I say that I adore everything they offer, seriously it's all good, you can't go wrong. here.  DH ordered  me a specialty raspberry mousse cake for my birthday (isn't he the best, i just love him) it was to die for!!!  But my absolute favorite item on their menu is the pain au chocolate because it's how it should be, the perfect amount of chocolate (the fancy kind), and the buttery croissant crust.... oh yeah baby.
5	Today I finally tried La Gourmandine, and it was so good that it encouraged me to write my first review.To frame my mindset, I'm training for the marathon and Saturdays are typically my long run day.  Since it snowed I decided to run the Cathedral of Learning stairs for an hour and a half instead.  Needless to say, I was famished and seriously needed some carbs.  Fortunately, we decided to try La Gourmandine after my workout and I was about to get my fix.When we arrived, there were people stretched around the counter--and for good reason.  Everything in the shop looked (and was) amazing.  I was dumbfounded between the culinary beauty and my ravenous state.  With help I decided on the Opera (Almond sponge cake layered with cocoa chocolate mousse and coffee flavoured butter cream, glazed with dark chocolate) and Religieuses (Two tiers of choux pastry filled with vanilla or chocolate pastry cream and topped with fondant).  I ate the Religieuses first and thought it was great...until the Opera made my knees buckle.  The Opera seemed to fill a void in my life I didn't know existed and I was in a complete state of serenity afterwards.  And then the carb coma kicked in.  Totally worth it.They said there are usually people waiting outside before the shop opens.  I think I'll join them.
5	I can not tell you how "wow" made it out of my mouth after every bite! Valentine's weekend and cafe a la "my house" was the idea. My sweetie and I love cafes and sugary treats after active city days. Since I don't know of any late night bakery cafes in Pittsburgh like in Boston I created the atmosphere.A long weekend was in the works so I picked up an assortment from under the glass. Everything looked like edible art. I started with a Napoleon, then a pistachio eclair with a chocolate on top, a round chocolate mini cake, a lemon tart, and a chocolate croissant. It is so inviting in that little shop, not just because of the aromas coming from the front door.  The tea selection is amazing too. I buy my tea from the same company online bc it is not sold in stores and it is the best. The first night we had the Napoleon. I was expecting something like from the Italian bakery. It did not have the light custard in it, more like a dense cake with layers of chocolates. It was delicious but not quite what I was craving.The green eclair was the next night. Amaaazing. Light, delicate, pistachio cream and fall apart in your mouth custard. I stole an extra bigger bite on this one. We also had the buttery perfect croissant this evening. Paired with my agave sweetened, vanilla, and cream tea it was better than sitting in the cafe.The next afternoon I started nibbling the lemon tart. Just one bite. Sweet and lemon with a butter crumble crust. It was gone in no time.Last but not least the chocolate mousse mini cake. I'm going to admit we are cheesy and we ate it in bed, sharing bite after perfectly moussey, chocolaty, heavenly bite.  This one was denser like the first dessert but more of a chocolate overload. Mr. B's favorite. I loved the pistachio eclair best. After a long weekend all the desserts held up and tasted fresh. It looks like this will be our new tradition.
5	Food has been great every time i have been here - note that they have fantastic sandwiches for lunch in addition to their pastries.  The staff is super nice.  And they have phenomenal desserts.  My husband also raves about their coffee.  So glad to have this little bakery in our town.
4	I was instructed to get the almond croissant on my first visit here.  Unfortunately, not a single almond croissant was to be found.  Instead, a very helpful employee explained what my other options were and offered her suggestions.  I had a wonderful apple tart that was a combination of spiced apples and applesauce.I also bought a baguette, which I heard they are famous for.  I couldn't even make it home without trying a piece (or three).  It was really delicious.  The location is a bit out of the way, but Butler and Lawrenceville are expanding, and I'm excited to see what else is coming!
5	Go! This place will make you feel like Amelie. The owners are friendly, the prices are reasonable, and the pastries will make you wet.
4	This is a very cool little spot. I love the fact that you can walk in and get a delicious sandwich, very similar to what you'll find overseas. Their one fault however, and perhaps this is just an acquired taste, but the bread will give your jaw a WORKOUT... it was fresh and delicious, but hard to chew... my jaw legitimately hurt for the next 24 hours. But you know what they say, no pain no gain.
5	La Gourmandine deserves the 5 star reviews.  It's a spot-on French bakery.  I've been here a few times now, and last week I stopped in for a sandwich.  It's just like I got in Paris...a small loaf of crusty, chewy bread, meat, cheese, mayo, lettuce.  Sounds simple right?  It is, and that's what makes it so awesome.  The inner fat in me wants one of everything in that sexy glass display case (at once) but I'm attempting to pace myself.  So far I've had the lemon tart, and last time I had this flaky, donut-like pistachio creme thing.  Holy crap, I'm pretty sure it's made by magical leprechauns.  You would expect it to be overly sweet, but it's this perfectly-balanced delicous little crack-stick.  When I was getting ready to leave, they brought out a new cake that was covered in large chocolate shavings.  Even if that damn thing is $50, I'm buying it for my next party.  A lot of their goods in the display case looks like art.  Edible, delicious, art.
5	Delicious.  But don't go because I don't want you clogging up the store, creating a long line and possibly taking the last of my favorite pastry.
2	ive always wondered about this store's baked goods, the one chance i had to make it in during their almost prohibitive hours of operation (a saturday afternoon) they were entirely out of french bread- when i asked if they could reserve 2 loafs for me the next morning, they said that wouldnt be possible- sorry for a 'french' bakery i would assume more to be offered. save the anticipation, try another 'fine' pasteries shop on the northside instead.
5	This is the best bakery in all of Pittsburgh. They aren't just filled with sweets like most bakeries, it's filled with delicious, savory pieces of excellent food!  The price is cheap for what you get and the quality is amazing! This place is so nice and cozy, it's so relaxing to go in, get a baguette sandwich, a drink and dessert and sit outside while enjoying the excellent food.  If I lived closer, I would go broke because I would be there everyday if I could.I think this is the best place for the best-tasting, most authentic French food for a brunch/lunch meal.  Highly recommend! I tell everyone I know about it.
5	Incredible French bakery in Lawrenceville - from the bagettes to macaroons to pastries and breads....delicious! Special cakes are also often available. The bakery sells sandwiches, soup and coffee too! You.won't.be.disappointed.
5	I'm a HUGE fan of this place. I walked in and looked at the menu, and the first thing that appealed to me was their prosciutto sandwich.I thought "well, here's something weird, a french pastry shop, that serves up prosciutto on a french baguette." The prosciutto was very appetizing and came with small vinegary pickles on it, which really paired well with the saltiness of the prosciutto. I know what you're thinking, "Why didn't you order any pastries Nick?" The truth is, after eating prosciutto, I really couldn't stomach any pastry. I know, I know. Their pastries looking amazing, and I can't wait to come back and devour one, or four. And I will definitely come back to do that.
3	Compared to Tartine in SF and Balthazar Bakery in NYC, Gourmandine is a real disappointment. And when there is no comparison, it's still not that great. Is it because I came later in the day rather than the early morning?Tried the flan and it wasn't as rich as it looked. I was expecting creamy but it was a bit chalky.The Paris Brest's hazelnut cream was delicious, but the pastry tasted over a day old.Same goes for the Roules a la canelle - it was a bit stale.At Beard Papa in Japan, SF, and NY (yes I went to all 3!), the choux pastry is always fresh, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I was expecting that from Gourmandine, which boasts 5 stars on Yelp. Maybe I'll give it another try one day, but only in the early morning.
5	Lunch in Lawrenceville? Make it La Gourmandine.  Love the pastries and the sandwiches.  My favorite was the prosciutto with the baby pickles, but honestly I don't think you can go wrong with any of them.  Their baguettes are crispy on the outside but soft on the inside and make wonderful sandwiches.I've been trying to not indulge my sweet tooth too much recently, so I've skipped the fantastic looking pastries most times.  I did give in a couple times though.  Once was a double chocolate mousse, and the other was a fruit tart   Both were good, but the chocolate mousse was amazing.
5	How do the French stay so thin?!  I stopped in here today and tried the eclair.  OMG.  Out of this world!
5	2 words: almond croissant!  i drool a little just thinking about it. perfect french pastries and baked goods.baguettes are excellent too, best in pittsburgh by a long shot.
4	Deliciously simple delicacies. Love the vegetarian sandwich, minus the raw gums after biting through the thick bread. The store itself is small but is beautiful to look at (and smell)! My boyfriend's sister was in Paris and this place was almost an exact replica of the French bakery and pastry shop she posted a picture of. I'm sure the food here is just about as good as it is there given its French roots. Somewhat pricey, but where else can you get meals and desserts seemingly straight from Europe?
5	Didn't make it around the menu yet but from the taste of the two pastries I had they deserve every star available.  Choux la creme and pear tart, unbelievable pastry. Quality is very similar to Tartine in San Francisco (minus the cakes) and I'll add to this review once I try the quiche and sandwiches.  Once you've eaten around enough in your life you get an idea that this is one of those, "You can't go wrong with anything you order."
4	OK, I am actually a loyal Jean Marc Chatellier fan.  True to his French root, however, JMC takes off for a month long vacation in the middle of the summer. Where else should a girl turn to to satisfy her insatiable need of patisseries? A friend suggested that I try to fill the void with La Gourmandine ("it's not cheating on JMC if it's closed."). I had previously passed on La Gourmandine, penalizing it (perhaps unfairly) for its hipper Lawrenceville address and its posher decor. But one fine Saturday morning, my croissant addiction got to me, so I finally caved and went in. Here is how I feel the two bakery stacked up against each other:* plain croissants -- JMC's are consistently better. At G's, one week's croissants were kind of doughy, but the next week's were nice and flaky* almond croissants -- I actually slightly prefers G's. JMC's almond croissants don't taste particularly almond-y, more like a vanilla pastry with some almond garnishes.* fruit pastries (apple turnovers, etc.) -- a tie. I think G's are sweeter and more dessert-like while JMC's are more like breakfast pastries.* dessert tarts -- JMC's hands down. More varied, fresher tasting.* opera cake -- here, I have to give the nod to G's. It is less dense and not as over-poweringly sweet as JMC's.Some other points I appreciated about La Gourmandine:* On Saturdays, G opens later than JMC. So whereas JMC's most popular items are sold out by 10am, I can saunter into G's as late as 11:30am and still get a wide selection.* It is easier to get to G's by public transportation than JMC's.* G offers sandwiches and other savory items. I've not tried them yet, but they do look delicious* The coffee at G's is better than the coffee at JMC's.Aspects that favor JMC:* Overall La Gourmandine is maybe 20% more expensive.* Although the servers are cheerful and friendly, my purchasing experiences at La Gourmandine somehow feel less warm, more impersonal. * Sometimes, there are free samples at JMC's.* JMC has macaronesSo what do I conclude from these comparisons? Well, Pittsburghers are pretty lucky to have a choice of decent patisseries!  Now that JMC is back from their vacation (and as La Gourmandine is gearing up for theirs), I'm back to my weekly routine of trekking out to Millvale.
5	I've been here a million times, and I will be here a million more. It would be perfect if I never have to hear another person nearly ruin my butter buzz by uttering, "A moment on the lips, forever on the hips" while I'm inside.
5	go here for a delicious sweet treat or a filling sandwich for lunch.  have only had good experiences here.
5	The ham and cheese and the prosciutto and pickle sandwiches are amazing!
5	Been several times now and tried something different every time. I have been amazed every time the desserts are wonderful and becoming a weekly habit of mine.
5	Incredibly good bread, pastries, and coffee.  The croissants and baguettes are just like what you can buy in France.
5	My significant others got some "tartelettes" (little pies) from there a few days ago: total winner. I highly recommend their pear tarte, their lemon pie, and the raspberry pie. Being French, I am also happy to bring the seal of cultural authenticity!
5	the food here is divine!!!
5	This place is great.  I got a long stick of bread with cured pig meet in it and some tiny gherkins.  The desserts looked good too but I was too embarrassed to ask what any of them are.  I call 46th and Butler Little Paris because of that and that French jukejoint Partiern's on the corner.   Every morning when I walk by it smells like I'm on a tandem bicycle on the banks of the Seine with Sebastian Tellier.  Highly recommended to all.  J/k never been to Paris but it smells like Europe.
5	The pastries are delicious, especially the pumpkin flavored ones.  However, I HIGHLY  suggest that anyone who goes there tries a baguette sandwich- the tuna is my favorite.
3	Sigh... I was hoping to give this place a great review. I had seen the reviews other Yelpers had given and I was expecting some mouth orgasmic greatness. However I was left with just a tease of pleasure. The location isn't great, however how much control does one have over that. The shop is small with a few seats for a quick coffee and a pastry. The pastry shelves were really empty and their reasoning was they were pretty busy and ran out. If this is a common occurrence I would expect them to have a larger number of pastries baked to keep up with the business. I felt like I barely got a taste of what this pastry shop could offer. I ended up getting their cream puff, lemon tart and pear tart. They were good and had the tastes I expected. The cream puff was very light and felt like a salty sweet cloud. The pear tart was more crusty pie than pear because it only had a slice of pear in the middle; wheres the flavor? The lemon tart was the best of the three with a nice sour and tart taste with a great smooth lemon curd. I would like to re-review this at a later time after going back here again hopefully at an earlier time where they have more options. I need a second look, however with what they offered me at this time I am left unimpressed.
5	Going to La Gourmandine makes me truly, genuinely, sincerely happy. That is all you need to know.
4	This is the best bakery in Pittsburgh. Nothing to add that other reviewers haven't mentioned already: The croissants are very, very good (particularly the croissant auxes almande), the tarte au citron is almost perfect with the beautiful lemon acidity balanced with the sweet richness of the shell, the mini tarte tatins and tarte au poire are fantastic, and the mille feuille and opera pastries are decadent without being cloying. The only thing I can think of to improve is to add an espresso counter (apologies if I missed it). Highly recommended!
5	This place is fantastic.  My daughter needed to take French food to her Fun in France class for school.  Like the slacker parents we are, we forgot until late the night before.  A 7:30am call to La Gourmandine was all it took to send fabulous French food into the school.  They got us plenty of food within our budgeted range.  So glad to have this place in our neighborhood!
5	Their bread has the French bread sound, if you know French bakery, you know what I am talking about. And I love their pastries, not too sweet, just right texture and right amount of cream, milk, no fake ingredients; I can taste them right away. Good food means start with good and right ingredients, cook them the proper way and the right timing.  La Gourmandine Bakery & Pastry Shop hits all of them, it is a place you will go again and again and never get bored.  But they only have three tables inside, so usually you can only take a to-go.
5	The almond croissants are one of the best pastries I've ever experienced! They're unbelievable when fresh out of the oven. This small French bakery serves up delicious pastries, sandwiches, and breads on Butler Street. If you've never had a sandwich for breakfast before, try one of these and you won't be disappointed. Even though the ingredients are relatively simple, e.g. ham and cheese, the excellent bread makes all the difference. Highly recommended, although be aware that it's a popular location so there may be a line. Also, they tend to sell out of popular items such as the aforementioned almond croissants, so go early if you want some. It's a good thing I live across town from this, otherwise I'd come by a little too often!
4	Just another great place in Pittsburgh ! French bakery is really good everything was fresh! Coffee was good! Really enjoyed it all
4	This place has done me wrong: I can no longer bring myself to eat quiche ANYWHERE ELSE because they have done it so perfectly and beautifully RIGHT. It's soft, it's light, it's fluffy, it's buttery... My favorite is the red pepper and goat cheese. The chocolate chip pistachio creme-filled treats are another go-to. But please, get more real plates and silverware! Disposable ones are far too much of a waste!
5	This morning there was a line out the front door and there's a reason for that: everything is really good. There are a few tables but mainly the shop is set up for buying pastries, quiche, bread and sandwiches to take away. They have a building permit in the window, which is good because it means they are expanding, and I overheard someone behind the counter say that they are maybe opening on Sundays. The neighborhood, right on the line between central and upper Lawrenceville, is fast becoming the most vibrant area of Pittsburgh so it's easy to see why this place is thriving.
5	Pistachio eclair. No words.
5	Although this place is so far away from my apartment and it has a weird schedule, it is still my favorite bakery in Pittsburgh! Everything is heavenly good!!!They have several kinds of croissants/pastries, which are great with a latte. My personal favorite is the chocolate one. For desserts, I would definitely recommend the Opera cake. It has this perfect balanced sweetness and not too dense like in some other places. What surprise me most is their sandwiches. They taste much better than they look, so give it a try!The staff are very friendly and always pack the delicate desserts in such an assuring way. By the way, you can order birthday cake from them too!
4	reminds me of the patsseries (bakeries) in Paris that I frequented during my time there.  the owners are a married couple from Paris who had family here in the PGH area.  they brought their skills to town and opened this place up.  the baguettes are spot-on ... exactly like what you're finding in the gothy streets of Paris (and maybe better than some of those places, even .)they sell out early of certain key items thanks to their hard-core fans/followers that line-up early at 7 am I was told , on some days... get there early, in other words if you want to see their full offerings.  i'd like to see them offer a proper "tart au chocolat" aka chocolate tart ... this is something that is common in the better patisseries in Paris so, i'm a bit confused and disappointed that La G. doesn't do them ...  Be nice if they were able to open another location somewhere in town ... it'd make a killing as the current one, is .
5	They will soon be open on Sundays, too, according to their Facebook page! "Beginning May 12th, Mother's Day, we will be open Saturdays and Sundays from 9:00am to 2:30pm. We hope to see you there!"
5	I stopped by here a few Saturday's ago with my girlfriend for breakfast.  We were going to try to get there at a little after 9 but didn't look at the hours until we were on our way there.   So in route we found out that it didn't open until 9:30 but as we had been wanting to come here for awhile, we decided to wait in our car.  It became fortuitous though as shortly after we got there a line started forming outside and so we quickly inserted ourselves in the queue.  Whenever the doors opened promptly at 9:30 there was quite a bit of a line behind us and not everyone was able to make it into the store.  The store itself is quite cute with a display counter taking up a large portion of the room with a brick wall behind it with a chalkboard menu and French flag.  Everything in the display case looked wonderful and led to a tough decision on what I would want later. There were also two small two-tops inside and we saw some workers carrying a few more tables out the door while we were waiting to purchase our breakfast.  I decided to go with one of the combos that they had on their menu which was a tart au brie with a coffee.  After I ordered the cashier asked me if I wanted it warmed up to which I replied that I did.  In the meantime I sat down at one of the two tops with my girlfriend and enjoyed my coffee which was fairly good.  I thoroughly enjoyed our seat inside as the volume of people coming in and lining up outside made for some good people watching.  A short time later my brie tart was finished being heated and I was able to eat it.  Man was it delicious with the warm brie tasting amazing on the puff pastry!  My girlfriend and I also really enjoyed her almond croissant which she was nice enough to give me a taste of.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be headed back here in the future.  I loved both the feel of this place as well as the food and I am excited that they will have Sunday hours after Mothers Day.
5	One day I got bored and I decided to go on a mini self-guided tour of Pittsburgh bakery (I went to Vanilla pastry studio, La Gourmandine Bakery and Jean-Marc Chatellier's French Bakery.) I got there in the afternoon and by that time most of their stuff was gone already,  I was disappointed, however, I really enjoyed what I got. I got this square chocolate shell thing filled with chocolate mousse, crunch caramel and something else inside. It was DELICIOUS. I wish I got there earlier and got to try other stuff from that place. Ladies at the counter was super nice not that it would've matter if she was being rude cuz I was busy stuffing my face with the deliciousness. Overall, really enjoyed this place.
5	A friend and I went on a sunny Saturday morning, and the line stretched outside the store and extended past the next store. While waiting I secretly hated all the customers coming out with their pretty white boxes full of pastries. The worst part was when I was forced to wait in the door of the bakery, the sweet buttery smells wafted through the air and caresses my nostrils. I couldn't help myself but spend an exorbitant amount of money (I'm sure you will too). Money was the only thing getting in the way of me and every patisserie there. I got the delice de pistache, croissant, pain de chocolat, and and almond croissant. Needless to say I ate them all in one sitting. The croissant was perfectly flaky on the outside and sickly doughy on the inside. Everything was gone in less than 5 minutes, leaving me with an empty box, and an array of smeared napkins strewn around my feet.  I stared longingly at the bakery, regretting the fact that I didn't get more...TLDR: get everything or you will regret it.
4	delicious and unique.  Worth a stop for anyone looking for a special treat or to try some authentic french desserts.
5	I didn't expect to find such an authentic place in Pittsburgh. It is a very typical French bakery, something you don't expect to see in the middle of the country, really. The bread is done just right, all pastries are exactly what you would have found in France. No wonder that every time I stop by there is a line of people that goes out the door and into the street. Very much worth the wait!
4	Out of 5:3.5 - Croissant: delicate and airy3.5 - Almond Croissant: crunch almonds, not overpowering light filling
5	We loved the fresh pastries and sandwiches. The chocolate eclair reminded me of Paris.
4	Highly-recommended for anyone looking for bakery heaven. The lemon tart was perfect and the chocolate eclair was exactly as it was supposed to be (tasty, chocolatey goodness).  They had other items, but once I got those babies, the tastebuds were happy.
5	a must for sweet teeth.
5	This is my happy place. I love their Flan Patissier and the Parfait Chocolat. So much so that I cannot buy one without buying the other. But if I had to pick, I would consider trading in my lovely husband  for a lifetime supply of the Parfait Chocolat. I wouldn't actually do it because somebody has to do the dishes at my house, but I would CONSIDER it for a few seconds. There is something indescribably amazing about bitter chocolate mousse encases a spongy cake and topped with chocolate sauce. Everything I have tried here (most of the sweet stuff, haven't tried the bread) is just decadent and lovely. Go. Try. You will not be disappointed .
5	This is a gem in Pittsburgh. Its so awesome it has no equal. I feel guilty every time I go here that I don't frequent it more often. Seriously why don't I have their bread on hand at all times.
5	Location: 4605 Butler St PittsburghPrice: $This bakery made my day when I visit Pittsburgh. I went on vacation with family and I really wanted to visit this bakery after reading all the reviews on it. The pastry was were mouth wateringly delicious. I bought a plain croissant and a twisted chocolate croissant- I legit died. My favourite was the twisted chocolate croissant...it was just sooooo good! DEAD Verdict: MUST GO! SERIOUSLY
3	Argh, this one is likely my fault, but I can't get past the feeling of letdown.We decided to pop our heads into La Gourmandine as we were walking down Butler St. on a Saturday afternoon...  the latter part was likely the mistake.I have been dying to try the shop based on the overall fantastic reviews it's received on Yelp (and my overwhelming sweet tooth).  As I opened the door, I was expecting an expansive array of fine French delicacies, waiting for my wallet to cringe under the sheer might of their sugar... but, alas I was met with a relatively empty case filled with two tarts, a couple chocolate mousse, a few raisin/cream twists, and a few baguettes behind the counter.I blame my being late in the day (an hour before closing) on the empty case, but I also can't overlook the complete lack of product available during what should be normal business hours.  Not to be completely defeated, I decided to purchase a raisin/cream twist that, while alright, left me wishing I hadn't bothered.I'm definitely marking this one for a second try (looking to get one of their famous almond croissants).  I look forward to that alone being a redeeming factor for an unsuspected 3-star experience.
4	I loved going into this place when I lived in Lawrenceville! The pastries are really good. I love macarons but find them hard to come by, and pretty expensive most of the time. However, I got a giant macaron in here and it was to die for! The place is pretty small but it's got a nice little seating area.
5	I have to start off by stating the disclaimer I'm not a huge pastry fan but with a place like this I may have a new food group added to my diet. I came here on a Sunday morning and I was contemplating moving on as I drove by and witnessed a line coming out the door of this place, but that also intrigues me a bit and so I  found it necessary to see what the heck was going on. The smells billowing out the door drew me in as the line was moving quite fast with a very good system of helping people get what they wanted. Before I knew it I was up to the counter and a jumble of words came out of my mouth of everything I wanted to try a baguette, apricot thingy danish, chocolate chip croissant thingy, and omg is that a cream puff. Well they all ended up in a bag for me. I thought to myself what have I done but when the cashier rang me up it only cost me $8.50, I don't know if they screwed something up but that is one heck of a deal. Everything was very tasty and the Cream puff was such a nice treat since I haven't seen one of those in the Burgh in ages. I highly suggest you get yo tail down here and check out all the goodies for yourself.
5	Do you like France and miss French baking? Please go here and stop missing it.I would happily pay 2x as much for everything they sell. The pastries are perfection. The sandwiches are life saving.Go early and be amazed. Get there late and hang your head in shame. The goods will be gone by the time you arrive. That's how 'fresh' works. Better luck tomorrow.
4	I want to give this place 5 stars, I really do. In truth, the quality of the food is top-notch. I've been here multiple times, and every time that I've received food, the food has been excellent.So why only 4 stars?Well, there was that one time I arrived at around 1:30 on a Saturday. I had my heart set on a Parisien sandwich (ham & cheese on a baguette), but I didn't see any sandwiches at all in the case. Having driven about 40 minutes to get to the place, I didn't want to give up that easily. I asked the person behind the counter if they could make a sandwich, seeing as how it was only 1:30 (a perfectly reasonable lunch time). The answer was no. Apparently once they sell out of the sandwiches, they do not make any more. Even though there were plenty of baguettes behind the counter... and I'm sure ham and cheese are not elusive products. No. No sandwich for me.Frustrated and pretty hungry, I gave up and left without buying anything. I've been back since, and I do recommend stopping in, but be sure to go early if you plan on eating anything resembling a meal.
5	By far, the best pastries, desserts and sweets in Pittsburgh. They have the best and only true eclairs I have tried in the U.S. and I am a great fan of them! Hope they would open more hours but I guess the owners have to be there to keep it is this good and they need a break.
5	Everything here is knock your socks off insanely good. Its the kind of food that makes your eyes roll into the back of your head and you could die happy if this was your last meal. Try everything. Everything is amazing. Really go there now. I want my ashes dumped in front of this store when I die.
5	My 3 year old loves their crossant..I ordered a birthday cake Fraisier..it is so good!
5	The croissants and eclairs are to die for! I would highly recommend this little bakery for breakfast/brunch.
5	Don't count on dining in here, because it is small with limited seating.The almond croissant I had was absolutely perfect decadence. I can't wait to go back.
5	They sell the BEST almond croissants EVER here. Simply divine! Other things I love are the lunette cookies (shortbread? sandwich w/ raspberry filling dusted w/ confectioner's sugar) and pistachio tart. I have also tried the flan, raspberry tart and lemon tart which were delicious.A huge plus is that prices are very reasonable, especially for a French bakery.
5	Oh my! This place is great!My girls and I went on a sunny Saturday morning this past Summer. Surprisingly the line wasn't out the door. We were all overwhelmed by the variety of choices from such a small space. The pastries are out of this world! The Pain au chocolat ou Chocolatine (Flaky pastry with chocolate barres.) is without a doubt my favorite pastry that they offer. They also offer danishes, croissants, individual little pastries, cakes, tarts and so much more. Everything I tried was delicious. They also offer coffee that goes perfect with the pastries they offer. The space is small with only a few tables to sit at so I would suggest getting your stuff to go. Their sandwiches are also delicious. The fresh French baguette really makes the sandwich. The Le Parisien (French baguette with butter, ham, and Swiss cheese) was my favorite.The people seem happy working there, are patient while waiting for you to make your choices and greet you with a smile. If you are ever in the area, THIS PLACE IS A MUST STOP!
1	Pretentious.So, I am trying to buy a cake, and I ask her what other cakes can she suggest other than choc mousse cake, her reply is "Sorry we are very busy right now". If you have opened a bakery and you are not able to handle your customers, may be you might want to hire another employee rather than insulting your customers. I understand that you are cost cutting and your goal is to get more money from customers, but no need to be so desperate about it. This is Pittsburgh and not France first of all,   and I have lived in Paris for 3 months, and never had an actual French person  behave with me this way, no matter how busy they were. Seriously? And, honesty, their French baguette tastes like crap as compared to the real thing. People buy it because probably there is o other option in Pittsburgh and its what is making these bakery people so complacent and full of themselves. Yuck.
5	Love the sandwiches and my favorite pastry has to be the raisin one. Im pretty sure they sell those in heaven. Very good pumpkin pastry as well. One of my favorite spots in pittsburgh.
3	Review number 136 of this quaint little bakery is going to be short and sweet (no pun intended) and to the point. I loved the place. Like a little piece of Paris right on Butler Street. The pastry looked amazing but I wasn't there for the buttery, flakey croissants, the eclairs, or other delectable treats. I wanted a loaf of crusty, airy spelt flour bread. I wasn't disappointed. Besides all the treats you'd be served at a French cafe, they also serve up some pretty mellow and smooth coffee. My only beef, just like any business on Butler Street, the parking is ridiculous.
4	I had the quiche which they had to warm up (microwave) so parts were hot, parts were cold. I probably should've gotten there earlier for this but what can you do. That is the only reason this place does not get five stars. On to the good stuff: the eclair was one of the best I've ever tasted. Fluffy, light, savory: everything you want out of an eclair was there. Still think about it to this day. My girlfriend got a prosciutto and pickle sandwich on a French baguette which soon became her favorite sandwich. The bear claw- like item was also delicious. It's an awesome little locally owned bakery. I don't know why you would go anywhere else. It is quintessential lawerenceville and that's awesome.
5	Yum! Tempting selection of breads, pastries, savory sandwiches, and more!  So glad we stopped here.
5	As many others have said , worth going for almond croissants. The quiche and pastries are also top notch. Be sure to get there early when they open on Saturdays.
5	I love this bakery so much! Highly recommend the almond croissant but they do run out so you'll have to stop by in the morning. The sandwiches are really good- I love the prosciutto with butter and pickles. The baguettes are delicious. Street parking is annoying but welcome to the city- drive around the block. It's worth it!
4	My first visit to La Gourmandine came after a particularly stressful exam, so after I traipsed down to Butler and opened the door, my blood pressure must have dropped by 10 with just the sweet smell of butter and caramelized sugar that invited me even closer toward the display case. I ended up buying an almond croissant as well as a butter and prosciutto (!) sandwich on a crusty baguette, both to take home... or so I thought. As I was waiting for the bus home, I couldn't help myself, so I decided to take just *one* bite of my pastry... and next thing I knew, I had sticky fingers and sugar all over my shirt. Pure bliss. The sandwich didn't disappoint, either. I also enjoyed that the woman who was helping me took the time to explain the different pastries and help me choose, given that this was my first visit. I was very impressed overall, and hope to be back again soon to try another delectable dessert.
5	I can't believe this place exists - it's like walking into a fine bakery in Paris, but wait, you're still in Pittsburgh! I cannot say enough good things about their fresh, crisp, tender baguettes, or their gluten-free macarons. Their hours are odd, so make sure you look up when they are open before going. Lovely.
4	Love love love this small place. My boyfriend's parents live down the street and whenever we're over this area to visit, I always asked to make a stop here FIRST :) everything here is so pretty to look at it and most importantly, so so yummy! I can never remember the names of what I got because I always choose what I want on how it looks.. so the name is just a blur to me, especially with sweet pastries (ugh, so bad I know) Parking on butler can be a pain sometimes because of how busy this road can get but I never seem to have a problem with it. So it might just depends on the time you come in. Other than that I'm definitely coming back to try some of their sandwiches because I've heard great things on it too
5	The croissants are delicious. They remind me of being in Paris. They also have an item that looks like a candy bar and is the most delicious thing ever. It's messy to eat with a creamy, nutty middle. Its good! Be prepared for a 20 minute wait if you go around lunch time.
5	You know when you try something and you think, "Well, it was kind of like what I had in (insert name of foreign city)."  The baked goods at La Gourmandine are EXACTLY like what I ate in France.  I felt like I was back in a patisserie et boulangerie , except no one was mocking my terrible French.
5	I will be a Pittsburgh unit in no time.  there isn't a dessert that I don't enjoy from this place.  I go get a different dessert every time.
5	So happy to have found a little piece of France in Pittsburgh! As a francophile and food-lover, i was excited to try this place out. It exceeded my expectations. The little shop mirrored the boulangeries in France. I ate the sandwich La Campagnard, which was a simple turkey sandwich on a baguette. Its simplicity, freshness, and texture made for an amazing gastronomic experience. I also sampled the Pistachio macaron which was reasonably priced and very good as well. Of course, i had to get a Baguette Tradition, which had an intoxicating smell and had the perfect consistency of crunchy and fluffy on the inside. Will definitely go back soon, and i suggest anyone who is visiting Pittsburgh must go here. The only downside was that there were only a couple of tables, and with the line forming into the street, not everyone could sit. Luckily, there is a park across the street.
5	Loveee! I've been here about 5 times and everything here is amazing. I ordered the "fraisier" cake for a birthday party and received tons of compliments.  Their pastries are to die for...not too sweet and buttery. I even tried their sandwiches which are also delish...especially the prosciutto sandwich.(love the tiny pickles)  What is there to complain? MAYBE...the size of the place is extremely tight with little room to sit to enjoy their baked goods.
5	incredible selection of breads, danishes, sandwiches and desserts. the new chocolate & almond croissant when they have it available is a must - incredible. be sure to get there EARLY on the weekends
4	The pastries were really delicious. I got a croissant and a chocolate filled croissant and coffee. It was a little disappointing they didn't have a selection of coffee but rather a do it yourself dispenser but it was good nonetheless. The service was excellent and they answered all the customers questions with smiles.
5	One bite of these delicate, buttery, delicious pastries and I was transported to the heart of Paris. I kid you not. The pain au chocolate, the croissant almondine, the macaron... All so very delicate... All so very sweet... All so very, very French. I'm told the owner/baker is himself from France. A transplant to Pittsburgh who made the genius decision to open an amazing, authentic little French bakery in the neighborhood that would most appreciate it. The cakes are exquisite. The pastries are gorgeous. They have savory croissant (which I haven't seen anywhere outside of Europe!) and they have lovely little baguete sandwiches. Everything and anything your heart could desire, they have something for you. They do. The shop is small, with a few cafe tables and wall art that pays homage to the homeland. When we arrived, there was a line nearly out the door but everyone politely waited for their petit pastries while oogling the other beauties in the case. If you find yourself in Pittsburgh, do yourself a favor and make a trip to Lawrenceville if for no other reason than to taste the confectionary treasures from La Gourmandine. It's a helluva lot cheaper than going to Paris, and tastes just as good, I swear.
5	The macarons here are so awesome. I wish they were nearer to where I am staying so I could eat them everyday. I have tried many flavors, but my favourites are pistachio, lemon and raspberry (the pink one). But all the other flavors are really good too. It's not too sweet and perfectly crispy on the outside and still moist on the inside.
4	I came here last fall to check this place out, since at the time, it was the top-rated restaurant in PGH on Yelp.  I needed a place to meet someone in the morning, and this provided me with an excellent excuse to try it out.  I ordered a chocolate eclair, a lemon tart, and some tea.  The coffee and tea condiments (incl. the teabags) are located to the left of the door--I recall being a bit confused about finding them.  Although it's difficult for me to recall details, the pastries were quite tasty, though not as much as I would have expected for the top-rated restaurant on Yelp.  They were very pretty, however, and definitely hit the spot for a late-morning breakfast.  My dining partner and I sat at one of the tables across from the counter, but be aware that there are only three of them and that they're quite small--if weather permits, I'd recommend taking your pastries across the street to the park for consumption.  Overall, a nice little French bakery in Lawrenceville, and definitely worth a try, even if it doesn't merit the top listing for restaurants on Yelp.  4.5 stars.
5	The pastries are works of art .... We almost hate to bite into them since they are all so beautiful. The croissants are delicious also. I have suggested this bakery to numerous friends and EVERYONE has been impressed with the beauty and quality. A true GEM!
5	I have been looking forward to going to La Gourmandine for the past month. When I tried going there the first time, I got there five minutes after they closed and I was devastated so you can imagine my excitement when I finally walked into the store.I have seen, been, and tasted my fair share of French pastries because I frequent NYC often and I can say that La Gourmandine can be comparable to any famous NYC French bakery. The time I chose to go there resulted in a long line which allowed me to decide what I wanted since I wanted to get everything. In the end, I picked the abricotine while my friend got the pain au chocolat ou chocolatine. As I am writing this review, I'm actually salivating for abricotine. It was the perfect combination of flaky croissant, pastry cream, and dollop of apricot jam. I also got the chance to try the chocolate filled croissant and also loved it. The chocolate inside was soft which allowed it to seep into the nooks and crannies of the croissant dough. One suggestion I would like to make to the owners is to move the chairs and tables from inside the store to outside. When I was waiting in line, the tables and chairs were a hindrance and by moving them outside, people would have a place to sit, eat their pastries, and enjoy the outside weather.This is the place in Pittsburgh for French pastries and can beat many of the French pastry shops I've gone in NYC. I do not doubt that anything they make delicious!
5	Amazing little authentic patisserie in hipster Lawrenceville. People waiting at the door for it to open on Sunday!
5	This is a new Whole Foods, smack in the Moscone-Yerba Buena-Metreon area. I visited for the first time a week ago, and wow, do they have a pretty attractive store there. Very inticing. And the cafe is packed. They sell organic and regular produce, have a good selection of vegetarian options, and have a good personnal care items section. Natural and organic and good for you would be the classification for this store.
5	This is an amazing & authentic French bakery! I drive to Lawrenceville most Sunday mornings just to hit this place up as soon as they open. They have croissants, fresh bread, all sorts of pastries, quiche & a variety of French sandwiches - everything is incredible and truly French. I take people there all the time & they literally can't believe how good the food is. It reminds me of my summer in Paris. They only have two tiny tables inside though, so don't bank on being able to eat there. But you can take your haul home, sit on your back deck & enjoy a French brunch. J'adore La Gourmandine!
5	Listen: I'm just going to cut to the chase. If heaven had a bakery, I'm pretty confident it would be La Gourmandine.I've been dying to come here for ages now, and I'm kicking myself for not coming sooner. When I walked in, I was greeted immediately and everyone was very friendly. It felt just the way a bakery should feel: quaint, homey, and it smelled wonderful.I was immediately skeptical when I entered the bakery, however, because the girl behind the counter was really skinny and pretty. I typically don't trust bakeries with skinny employees. But not to worry, this place is legit, I promise. Obviously, everything looked amazing so I asked the girl there for some recommendations. She basically recommended everything and then said, "Oh, how could I forget about the cream puff!" I pretty much so wanted to ask if she wanted to be best friends on the spot, but instead replied, "Yeah, I'll take one of those, too."I left the bakery with 5 huge pastries because I obviously couldn't decide on just two. I apologize to my already non-existent waistline. I was trying to get things for my better half and I to enjoy together this weekend, but he's still at work and I can make no promises that there will be any left by the time he makes it home.As I was checking out, my new BFF said, "Oh, you should come back here earlier in the day, we have twice the selection!" I'm literally glad I didn't come earlier in the day, or I probably would have left with 10 pastries. But tomorrow morning? Well, maybe I'll go back tomorrow morning.
4	The pastries are the closest to a French bakery that I have experiences in this city. Many delicious things to choose from !
5	La Gourmandine is part bakery, part patisserie, and they do a very good job at both. They stay within limits; no extravagant, overstuffed breads or pastries. Just the basics, plus a few things here and there. Everything that I've tried here (two visits) is simple, fresh, and delicious. Sandwiches are terrific and a great value. Decor is minimalist and there's almost no seating, but you can eat in the park across the street. Strongly recommended.
4	I've been looking for a good French bakery in the States for a while now. I've succeeded in NYC, LA and NOLA, but haven't had much luck outside of the three. Luckily, I was bored last night and surfing Yelp for restaurants in the area in hopes of picking a place to grab a quick breakfast - and La Gourmandine popped up on the top of my list, so I decided to give them a try.The place was pretty packed for 10 a.m., but right away I liked the ambiance. The place looks and smells exactly like a patisserie in Paris would. The selection is also pretty solid. I went for the pain aux raisins as my old European staple, but then also saw a tarte au brie and got one of those as well. With coffee, it came out to $7.50, so not a bad bargain, either. Both the pastries were cold, but as I was pouring myself a cup of coffee (strong and flavorful, by the way), one of the ladies behind the counter offered to warm them up for me.Both tasted good, but were a bit on the greasy side (which is understandable) and, while I couldn't quite put my finger on it, something felt like it was missing... It must have something to do with the ingredients they are using and the difference between the staples in Europe and the U.S., but these guys are definitely making the most out of what they are working with. I've long said that food in Europe, even if prepared exactly the same way as in the U.S., just tastes better. Not at all their fault, though. I am definitely going to go back to buy bread, as well as to try other items - probably earlier in the morning, as well, so that I can get the pastries fresh out of the oven.
5	I think they put crack in their almond croissants. They are so addictive. Everything here is top notch and we are super fortunate that it is within walking distance.
4	We finally made it! After eating up the street we opted to walk the three short blocks to check out the goodies. We just squeaked in prior to their closure time (which was 230 on Saturdays). We had 15 minutes to make our selection and check out. It's a cute small shop but they don't need big because they have got great product:). They do what they do very well. After looking over their goodies, we made a few selections. I had to try the macaroon as I had never had 1 before. It was good. I don't even know how to describe it other than a cookie sandwich but more pastry than cookie?! Perhaps?! Who cares? It is a great mix. Me and the hubby got an assortment to try. You have to, right? We got a citrus tart. Wow! This was my favorite. The pastry shell is perfection and the lemon tart inside was just the perfect mix of sweet and lemon. At a close second was the apple tart, yummy and again the pastry was light,  fluffy, & perfect and it was topped with appley goodness. We got a cream puff and while the pastry was good I felt like the cream lacked flavor but the consistency was nice, very light and airy. The hubby chose the almond croissant which was terrific, great flavor. And he got the chocolate croissant as well. Do they know what they are doing or what?! They may not have a huge selection but what they have is amazing! Definitely worth a stop in to check it out and if you are in the area and don't stop shame on you:)
5	Just the best.  I adore this place.  Very wheelchair friendly and the most incredible bread and pastries.  Not sure that they have an ADA bathroom but then I don't know if they have a BR for customers at all.
5	Best French bakery outside France. I have been to others like it but this one takes the quiche. Apart from the workers not speaking French and being rude it's like a bakery I have been to in Paris. But onto the food. The bread is fresh and full or flavor the desserts are amazing. I always go for the flan. But don't forget to pick up a peace of fresh quiche for lunch. I make a good quiche but this one is extra good. There croissants really prove they know what they are doing, flaky, soft and rich. But watch out! If you don't get there early you won't get what you want. When they are out they are out.
5	The bread, croissants, and pastries are all out of this world at La Gourmandine.  Absolutely must stop in shop for anyone in the Pittsburgh region.  So many delicious choices and the staff are friendly.  Whenever i go on a morning walk around Lawrenceville, I always seem to find myself stopping in for a pastry.
5	OMG.  Buy two of everything. That is all.Oh, and they have a new location in Mt. Lebanon.
5	Can't top all that's already been written about this place, so I'm just going to say. Yes. Go here. Why? Nice people. Delicious pastries. What more do you need? I'd be 200 pounds if this was in my neighborhood because I would put hundreds of those chouquettes into my face every day. Thank you!
5	I'm not really sure it gets any better than La Gourmandine. Sure, there's no sense to the layout of the bakery, the lines can get long, and they'll offer seasonal items that blow your mind for a few weeks only to never return again (ex. religieux au caramel)...but it's worth the "hard times" to visit and load up on the sweet goodness that fills up this small French bakery.The sweets are incredible. Macarons, tarts, eclairs, etc. I've tried every single item in the displays case at least once...and for the most part, I've rarely met a dessert on this level that can match La Gourmandine at other bakeries. From savory, to sour, to sweet, they nail all of the flavor profiles. They have a dessert for everyone. Rich, decadent options and more savory ones. One of my favorites on the sweet side is the macaron au fruit. It's a giant macaron with raspberries and cream in the middle. Talk about the perfect variety of textures and an overload of flavor! I could go on all day about their desserts...so amazing.If you don't have a sweet tooth, not to worry. They have excellent baguettees, sandwiches (albeit only three varieties), quiches, and things like the tarte aux brie. I seriously can't say that I've ever had anything bad from the place. Sure, I haven't loved everything, but that came down to me not being a fan of hazelnut (gasps from the masses of nutella fans), more than the Paris-brest being at fault. Ha. Overall, you can't go wrong at La Gourmandine. Great food, desserts, and smells paired with super-nice employees and reasonable prices. Also, it's fun to chat with the other people in line for a sense of community in the mornings. What's not to love!
5	I have waited in line in the freezing rain for this place to open on a Sunday morning, multiple times. Enough said. Try to almond croissant.
5	La Gourmandine will get you laid. If she's never been there, take her. She will be amazed w your city knowledge and terrible French pronunciations. You're so cultured.Incredible pastries and everything else. When I say incredible, I mean 'knock your socks off good.' If they have turkey sandwiches when you're there, get one... The bread is kinda tough but that's how I like it.Go here, you will be converted and want to come back.
5	My visit to this little gem of a bakery was serendipitous. I drove past it on a Saturday morning, and there was a line out the door. I ended up needing to kill some time in the area before any of the Butler Street shops were open, so I hopped in line, figuring people wouldn't wait a half hour for pastries unless they were damn good.I got a small sampling: A piece of flan, a macaron or two, a fruit tart. But the standout item was by far the almond croissant, which the owner recommended and said was one of the best sellers. It's just melt-in-your-mouth good. It paired perfectly with a cup of coffee.The owner was also nice enough to have me try a few little samples of sugared bread and pastries despite how busy the store was, since I told her it was my first time there.Don't let a long line deter you. The pastries here are definitely worth the wait.
5	Wow. Take your friends and family from out of town here. They will always remember it- it's that good.
5	Delicious... Try this place for great and friendly service. Ofcourse amazing yummy baked goods. Maccaroons are great, quiches and sanwhiches must try. We will be back often
5	Ooh la la!!!Enough said!
5	La Gourmandine is everything a French bakery should be. The pastries are perfection, the coffee is delicious, and the staff are charming. I've been coming here long enough with my boyfriend that they remember my breakfast order now! The chocolate croissants are my favorite, and sometimes I treat myself to one of their glorious desserts. The eclairs are particularly divine. Try it, even if there is a long line. It's more than worth the wait.
5	SETTING:Cute little french pastry shop with a clean and cozy interior. A handful of tables (about four) that seat two people each. Not a very big place, so probably best to get things to go or come during off hours if you want to eat here. I heard lines can get pretty long which would crowd the bakery quickly.PASTRIES:I think they only make a certain amount each day, so once they're sold out (which happens) then you're out of luck. To me, this speaks to the quality and freshness.Got me the Almond Croissant that was recommended by a friend. Excuse me while I wipe the white powder that is sugary goodness off my lips. Personally, I don't like things that are super sweet (ie: I dilute my fruit juices with water to cut down on the sugar...don't judge me!). This pastry was just about right on the sweet-o-meter. A tad bit on the sweet side though, so I cut it in half to save for later. I don't think I would be able to finish the whole thing in one sitting without feeling guilty or bouncing off the walls from the sugar high. My friends who got the almond croissant all raved about it, and I agree. No doubt, it was delicious. Parts of the base/bottom tasted a bit doughy though, but it wasn't a big deal...maybe that's how its supposed to be? I'd definitely get the croissant again and try the other pastries.SERVICE:Very polite, warm, and patient people working in the shop. Gave some good recommendations about their offerings. Classy establishment with classy people. IMPRESSIONS:I'd love to come back and try the other pastries! Reasonably priced and delicately made. If you ever want to "treat yoself," stop by and check it out. I already feel a withdrawl coming on...uh oh. It would be dangerous if they delivered.
5	I love this place! A friend told me about it so we decided to head over before we hit the strip for some shopping. We parked around 8:40am (opens at 9am) on a Saturday and there was already a line by the door! I saw a bunch of runners in line and I thought it was funny how they went for their morning run and then got in line for some baked goodies. Sounds legit. It made me even more curious about this place and their sweets.As soon as it hit 9am, the door opened and the intense smell of heaven came wafting out. Everyone formed a nice line and filed in with order. I got a Eclairs au chocolat and some coffee. The staff there was quick to respond to requests so the line came in and out quickly. I liked that even though I really wanted to kneel down and gawk at all the stuff I still wanted to try while I took mental pictures of everything in the case before it was my turn to get my butt out so someone else could drool. Coming back ASAP!
5	I was hoping to hate this place - because it's too close to my home.  But...everything was absolutely amazing.  I didn't think I was going to like the almond croissant, but it was total perfection.  At first glance, it appears almost burnt from the outside.  Instead, it's just perfectly toasted, with the inside soft, almondy and buttery.  The pistachio thingamabob - wow.  Perfect flavors and textures.  The red pepper and feta quiche - so good.  Lastly, we got the raspberry custard bar (which is huge).  This might be my favorite, because I love custard.  The custard is very firm with fresh raspberries.  Everything was amazing.  It's almost a guessing game with what you're ordering, because there aren't any descriptions of the pastries.  Makes it fun, like a surprise dessert.  My only gripe is the service.  Perhaps it was just my particular experience.  There was a line of about 5 people, and they were all in front of the pastry case.  I couldn't see what was inside.  The woman asked me what I would like, and I first said the "Almond Croissant."  She put it into a bag, and then said, "Ok, he will ring you out at the end."  What!  I started to panic.  I wanted more, but now felt awkward.  "Actually, can I also have the pistachio bar?"  Yes, he will ring you out now at the end.  !!!  Why.............   It just created this total awkwardness, and I actually would have even ordered more than the 4 items I did at the time.  Instead, her response should have always been, "And what else can I get for you?"  This won't stop me from returning, unfortunately.
4	The best croissants in Pittsburgh.  The coffee was good too!
5	This is the real deal. Go! The pastries are legit. And the bread delicious. I mean this place is like stepping into a neighborhood patisserie in France. I've tried the pain chocolate. The Bouche de Noel. And the country loaf bread. I will be coming back here every time I need bread and a French pastry!
5	The best bakery in Pittsburgh. I dream about this place. Vanilla Religiouse is one of the best pastry items I've ever tasted, but it hasn't been on the menu for quite some time. Must haves:Almond CroissantBaguettes Lemon tartChocolate EclairBrie or pizza tart(You can't go wrong with any item actually).Not much seating. La Prima coffee, but it's usually warm not hot. But who cares? You go here for the baked goods.
