5	I am staying here for an extended period of time.  Every morning they have excellent breakfast with muffins, assortment of bread, fruit, eggs etc.  The staff at hotel are extremely friendly and helpful.  I am staying in a king studio which is very nice.  Price is very very good.  For those who want las vegas "experience" the strip is like 15 minutes away.  I would def stay here again.
5	Relatively new facility with a real commitment to providing excellent customer service.  Staff is very friendly and always helpful.  The price is reasonable.  This Hampton Inn is very close to the LAS airport (and rental car facility).  The "Las Vegas Strip" is only about 15 minutes away.  I would certainly stay here again.
2	This is a newer Hampton Inn and is quite chic for a limited service hotel, it's also a far, far cry from your Fairfield Inn's or Holiday Inn Express type of hotels.The rooms are pretty awesome!  The little foyer area as you enter the room is tiled and connects you to the amazingly large bathroom with stand in shower and large granite top vanity.  The closet located just outside of the bathroom is a little small, it can hang maybe about 6-8 items perfectly.  The bedroom area was great and well decorated.  IMO, I think the interior designer of this hotel must really like DWR, Z Gallerie and those type of furnishings.Each morning, they host a complimentary breakfast, which is really an upgraded continental.  I wasn't a fan of it but, no complaints really since it's complimentary.  They had your basic breads, bagels, muffins, danishes, cereals, fruit, make your waffle, eggs and one meat, coffee, juice, milk and tea.  The bread products were cold and when the hostess would replenish them, they literally were just out of the freezer.  The coffee wasn't the greatest but had caffeine which is all that mattered to me.  One day they had a ham and scrambled egg mixture going on, which was tasty but the next day, it was dried scrambled eggs and paper thin bacon on the side.  Again, it's complimentary, it's not designed to satisfy your morning appetite, much less your palate, but, it'll get you through the morning.  We ended up only eating there the first 2-mornings out of the 5-mornings we were there.Okay so it's going from excellent to good to bad, it eventually had to happen.  The hotel is literally next to the runway of LAS.  You can see the runway, from our room at least.  You don't hear the planes landing as much as you hear and feel the thunder of the planes taking off.  The first night, I literally woke up to the rumble of a plane taking off at 12:40am, probably because our window was vibrating.  No kidding!  We asked the front desk agent the next morning, who BTW wasn't all that pleasant, but seemed like she had a scripted answer to the ever popular question.  We were unpacked anyway and didn't want to move so we just went to CVS and bought ear plugs, which DID help.  However, we were in an odd number room, facing the back.  I have a feeling if you got an even number room, facing the front, the noise isn't as significant.  Not sure why the front desk agent wasn't so proactive in trying to make us happy, the hotel wasn't full or anything the whole time we were there.Overall, it's a nicely furnished hotel.  The service might be a little iffy.  But it's just too close to the runway for me to comfortably stay there again.  But, the concept and design of this newer hotel sure made me appreciate Hampton Inn's much more!
4	This airport hotel is definitely a pleasant surprise.  It's close to the airport/strip and stores (there's a walmart right down the street).  The hotel is nicely decorated and clean.  Even though it's an airport hotel, I didn't hear any planes landing/taking off.  The best thing about this hotel is the free breakfast. They actually offer decent breakfast food - real warm food like scrambled eggs, sausages...instead of plain old cold cereal.  They also changed up their selections everyday.  Overall, I am quite impressed with this limited service airport hotel.  Will definitely recommend it to friends and family ever come visit Vegas for business.
5	My family really liked staying here for the three days we were in Las Vegas.  Clean, spacious room with good sound insulation.  We really enjoyed the great breakfast each morning.  Front desk folks were friendly and very helpful.  We would definitely stay here again.
5	Very clean!!!!!
5	I have stayed here multiple times for extended stays. Staff is always helpful, courteous, and cheerful.Rooms are always clean and kept in good order. Even though the property is near the airport, you do NOT hear the airplanes taking off or landing. I would recommend this property if you like to stay away from the Strip.  Be aware though that there are no restaurants in close walking distance.
4	This will be the new stay-at hotel for Channel 70 Productions when we are not on The Strip. It is close to the airport (I enjoy watching the airplanes) and shopping and restaurants are a short drive away. The parking is excellent. The hotel offers a van all day long that will deliver you anywhere in town and then come back and pick you up. Don't forget to tip the driver. The suites are nicely appointed. The staff is top notch. Four smallish negatives - I could hear the people talking in the suite next to mine in the wee hours. The free wifi is glacially slow. My 3G netbook was 4x as fast (1mbs vs .25mbs) according to Speakeasy.  Flat screen, but no HD signal. This hotel is also part of we-don't-wash-your-sheets-because-it's-the-green-thing-to-do scam.The leftist newspaper USA Today is delivered to your door early in the morning. Lastly, a very nice continental+ breakfast (limited hot food) is served at no charge.We'll be back.(just added photos)
3	Meh is right. We arrived late night for an early flight in the a.m. The staff just wasn't very welcoming. Stayed in much better Hampton Inn's and as a Hilton Honors member I was not treated as such. Disappointment but you can't win at them all. Not accommodating on getting us a cab at 5:30 a.m. The staff said it would easily take 45 min to get a cab.  Even their shuttle service that runs 24 hrs a day...only runs on the hour ... That doesn't make sense.  The airport is literally 5 min away.  For what it is and the price it's fine. Also, my room heater was on set to 78?!?!Ok. Regarding accommodations this location has got it. Brand new and large rooms. As all Hampton Inn's comfortable beds and a great living space. If not for this would have easily been a two star.I'm all about hospitality and to me, at least at a late night check in, this place didn't have it. But what do you expect?
2	Not so impressed with this particular Hampton. I usually really enjoy them. However, when I checked in I went to my room, and the inside lock was engaged. So I knock on the door and there was already someone occupying the room. Ouch!Back downstairs and the staff was accommodating. So I go to sleep and need to get up super-early for a flight. My wake-up call never happened, I couldn't find the coffee pot and when I finally did (located on an inset shelf in the bathroom BEHIND the door, they only had decaf available. What?All-in-all I'm happy I had a place to lay my head--and it was a comfortable bed--but I've stayed at Hampton Inn's before where I had a much more enjoyable experience.
5	Ok, so all I have to say is I NEVER even hear the airport!  I come to Las Vegas at least twice a year and always stay at this hotel.  My last trip was on the first on the second weekend in December and I loved it.  The staff is very friendly and check-in and out was a breeze!  I love that it is so reasonably priced yet still close to the strip and they even have a shuttle service!  No brainer there!  One thing I hate is rooms that smell old and musty or when you check-in after a long day of travel and something doesn't work.  I have never encountered any of that here...ever.  The Manager, Pamela, even greeted me and asked me to enjoy my stay.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Vegas for business or pleasure.
4	Have you stayed at a Hampton Inn & Suites?  Because they are all the same...clean, slightly modern, flat screens, etc.About this one-Room 338 is on the corner and big.  Request a room that faces the airport to watch planes land and leave (since the views are nothing to write home about)Complimentary HOT breakfast sure smelled good (we missed it by 5 minutes)Only 1 turn to get to the strip, so if you don't want to stay in a casino, and you are able to drive yourself, this is a good alternativeFriendly staff
1	WORST HOTEL SERVICE!! Called 3 weeks in advance and spoke with manager regarding shuttle availability for the duration of my stay and was told 24/7. Called before my flight took off and once I landed in Vegas....NO SHUTTLE WAITING. After 45+ minutes I decided to take a cab to my already late appointment. After work I wanted to go to the strip and eat dinner but the shuttle was "at the airport waiting"....took a cab. After dinner wanted to go back to my hotel but the shuttle was what? You guessed it....at the airport waiting. Every time I called or asked it was at the airport and unavailable yet when I was at the airport it was no where to be found. I think the fact that I called to advance my trip, called before my flight took off, and called once I landed just makes it worse. Oh and no understanding from the staff about the situation. I will never stay at any Hampton Inn again and neither will anyone I work with.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Hamptons Inn. I booked my flight and hotel through priceline and decided upon this hotel due to the 24/7 shuttle service, free breakfast, and free wifi. I'm just going to list this off because I have so much to say.-Check in was quick & easy-Rooms were spacious and clean. Furnished with a flat screen tv, sofa, large sink and bathroom area, closet with iron and iron board, king size bed-I did not hear a single airplane while I was staying there, which surprised me considering how close we were to it-Location wise is perfect. A bit off the strip and thank god away from all those nude cards, smoke, and casino smell-Hotel itself was absolutely clean-Staff was friendly & helpful. I even got a glimpse where they will joke and laugh with each other. A very homey feel.-Breakfast was wonderful, consisting of: Waffles, Oatmeal, Eggs, Bacon, 5 different types of cereal, fresh fruit, coffee, tea, yogurt, three types of juices, bread, muffins, danishes, & croissant-AC works perfectly and kept my room at 60degrees always. Since I'm from Washington the heat wasn't being very nice, haha.The only thing and only thing I have to be disappointed about is the shuttle. I did get a good handful of free rides from it, but airport is priority for the shuttle and you need to think about traffic time and other guests that are in need of shuttle rides. Sometimes when I call they come when they say they will 10-15 minutes other times the most I have ever waited was 40 minutes. But my suggestion is that there's a bus that runs from the south end to the north end for 8 dollars a day and make sure you have back-up options. But I love the drivers and it's really a small detail for me that everything together, the whole package is there for me. 5 stars. Thank you Hamptons !
5	By far the nicest service I have ever received from a hotel. The shuttle service may not have been the fastest but gee gosh willickers Batman! They sure were friendly! The rooms were nice and spacious with wifi and cable. The complimentary breakfast is also a bit nicer than the ones you normally get but still not amazing. Very clean rooms and and a pool. Will stay again! =D
5	Stayed for five nights. The staff at this hotel really knows what customer service is all about! This review may be longer than most of my reviews but I really need everyone to understand how much the staff anticipated our needs/desires.Lets start with the front desk. I came in early the first day. I do mean early, there breakfast was still going. All I really needed was the shuttle to pick up my rental car, no problem. Told me what time to be in the lobby for the next shuttle, which was less than 20 minutes. So I just waited in the lobby. While I'm sitting there they called me to the desk and handed me my room keys! I'm like are you for real, but sure, that's great. I went to pick up my rental car then came back to take things up to my room. These rooms are very spacious. I was thrilled with a microwave and refrigerator as well. Ice machines available on each floor by the elevator. Just how convenient can it get.Housekeeping is next. Wow, once again. The first morning we left a note for them to leave a couple of extra coffees. When we returned that night lets just say they made sure we had more than enough, regular and decaf. Everyday it was at least noon or later before we headed out for the day, and our room was still cleaned everyday. The last day, we stayed in the room till 2pm before we left and we returned around 6pm. To our surprise the room had not been refreshed, but we understood and didn't really need anything but coffee. Then a few minutes later housekeeping came by and all was perfect. All this without having to ask for anything.Our last day, they where able to let us stay as long as we needed, since they still had availability that night. They just asked us to let them know when we where done.The breakfast is pretty standard at Hampton inn. They always have some sort of egg and protein as well as waffles, cereals and pastries. I do wish that the Hampton chain would do something about the egg/protien selection.  Very limited and the eggs seem to always we way overcooked with very little flavor. This is a problem with the chain, and not this particulair hotel.   My only complaint is about families with children. I love kids but please make them throw there candy wrappers away. Everyday the pool was littered with candy wrappers, and I know the hotel was cleaning the pool area. Sometimes we have to do our part. I see several comments on people making comments about the airport right next door.  Yes, if you are a light sleeper then the planes may just keep you awake, but I believe you would have to be a light sleeper.  If youve ever stayed at a hotel near LAX, then this is nothing compared to them.  I will be back to Vegas and I will stay here again. Thank you for the opportunity for me to relax!
5	This hotel is great! It is a bit loud as far as the planes landing but the cleanliness and amenities make it worth it. If I have another flight cancel, I will definitely return. Friendly staff :).
5	I have a cinematographer and I travel a lot. Typically, I stay in Hampton Inns or Hilton branded hotels.  I like Hampton because you know that you're generally going to get consistent service across-the-board.However, this Hampton Inn is an outlier.  The customer service was incredibly great!When we arrived, we were greeted by Lucy, the front desk manager. She made us feel like we were at home.  She cheerfully granted all of our requests and made us feel like we were the only people staying at the hotel.Even though the hotel is right at the airport the rooms were incredibly quiet. I slept like a baby and I'm ready to meet the day's tasks.I have already made three future reservations for this property. This hotel is now my go to place to stay when I'm in Las Vegas.
2	I hate to give this place a 2 star review based on some things that are not their fault but the truth of the matter is that I have had better accommodations elsewhere and at other Hamptons.  I picked this Hampton because it was close to where I needed to be, not too far from the strip/food and it was close to the airport...that last one is what got me.  It's VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY close to the airport.  I mean very close.  Like, look out your window and there's a jumbo jet close.  So the planes landing and taking off at all hours of the night?  You can hear all of it.  It gets so bad that the windows shake at times and if you're a light sleeper then you probably aren't sleeping.  They provide you with ear plugs but...how will I hear my alarm with those ear plugs in?Anyhow, the staff is really nice and the breakfast isn't bad at all.  But the problem comes from location and it's proximity to the runway.  If you like watching and hearing airplanes take off at all hours of the night, this is the place for you.  For me?  Not so much.
5	We booked this hotel on accident, when booking through Hotels.com the reservation agent told us this was the location closer to the strip.When we received our confirmation we didn't realize there were several locations so close. We showed up and were disappointed being this wasn't the hotel we thought we booked. So, tired from the drive we didn't want to hassle and decided to stay. It wasn't too far from the strip and they do offer a 24 hour shuttle service which was awesome. We booked the Studio Suite for not much more then a regular room and were very satisfied. It was roomy, very clean, and the bed was SUPER comfortable. Our whole stay, 3 days, there was not one problem, the staff was more that helpful and friendly at that. Their breakfast in the morning was better than expected for being free. Juices, pastries, coffee, cereal.....we got to mingle with a few other people staying in the hotel and learn about a few new places to check out. My only complaint for the stay was that where our room was, the room above us with quite noisy. I told my BF that it must be a storage room or something because the amount of thumping was ridiculous and lasted throughout the night. It didn't bother us too much, but if I were staying there on business I would have totally called the front desk. All in all our stay was a success. We didn't mind being a bit further from the strip, we didn't have to deal with crowded parking structures or traffic or all the hoopla to get to our room. You should definitely consider this alternative for a very nice, clean, convenient, and reasonably priced hotel when looking into visiting Vegas.
4	Budget hotel 15 min away from the strip. Pro: Great customer service. Everyone from the front desk to the housekeeping department are very friendly. Rooms are very clean and well maintained. Surprisingly, complementary breakfast goes beyond fruit and cereal. Hot meals were provided.Con: Your next to a runway next to McCarran International Airport. You can slightly hear the planes take off and land but for me it wasn't a problem, since I live on the landing approach to Bob Hope Airport in the Los Angeles area.Overall: My stay went pleasantly well and my expectations for this hotel went above and beyond. I will come back here again.
5	I think this is a great hotel to stay for business! I've stayed here on two separate occasions. The rooms were clean and bright.  The staff is extra friendly and will do whatever they can to accommodate your needs. Marcus at reception called several area businesses for me so that I could get an appointment. The hotel exceed my expectations.They offer a free airport shuttle and a free shuttle to the strip. The breakfast could be a little fresher and less canned but it is free so you really can't complain much.
1	So this place has a free shuttle?  Well we scheduled our shuttle, and they much rather pic up someone at the airport than give someone A ride who has two rooms vs one, from the airport!    Ill never be back here and ill let everyone I know to ignore this place!  Being on your game is awesome!  Way to go!
5	Pleasantly surprised is an understatement! I was a little nervous to stray from the Red Rock, but wanted to be closer to the strip on this visit. The value on Hampton was unbelievable - I even "splurged" on a King Suite - and so was the entire experience!The 2 ladies working my check-in shift (3 pm on Saturday) were awesome! Very friendly, helpful, and set a great tone for our entire visit. Check-in and -out were a breeze, and I felt like I was a VIP. :-) My BF went to the concierge at 2 am for a fork (he was able to microwave a Marie Callendar's frozen meal after midnight, and dammit if he was going to let anything get in his way) - he said the guy at the counter was amazingly friendly and nice - way to go, Hampton staff!Room was spotless, all appliances are high-quality, bed is SUPER comfy, perfect AC (over 105 degrees this weekend!), refreshing pool area with towels, and OMG the complimentary breakfast was so good! Eggs, potatoes, ham, a waffle press, yogurt, cereal, pastries, juices, coffees...something for everyone and everything was great. They also have free coffee/tea in the lobby 24/7. This hotel is going above and beyond in providing high-quality service for an affordable price in a safe neighborhood. Only a 10-minute drive from the strip meant we didn't have to ditch our friends, and having a mini-kitchen in the room meant we saved some $$ from pricey Strip drinks. ;-) On my "best" list for future visits - glad we found this place when we did!
5	Hampton Inn really does not get enough credit.  After staying here for more than 8 days I can see what it is part of the Hilton family.  First I arrived into Vegas about 12 pm no need for  taxi, just called the hotel and within 15 minutes they had a gentleman pick me up.  When i arrive at the hotel it definitely looked upscale which surprised me because I thought those type of things were only reserved for hotels on the strip.  The staff was nothing less than awesome and take pride in doing their job and it shows.  Everyone was so knowledgeable and quick to attend to my needs I kept asking are you the manager?  Andrew is great I asked him advice on the casinos and he gave me some tips on that as places to eat.  Vickie was also very patient  with me as I forgot my room key in my room several times.  Both of them always greet you when you enter the place and ask you how was your day and if there is anything they can do for you? The entire staff was great, these are just the two I interacted with the most.  They made the Hampton feel like home away from home for  me...plus the cookies are delicious!
4	This Hampton Inn & Suites is extreme clean and 100% smoke free, that's the best part. The downside it's close to the airport and you hear the planes land and take off,  but not too much late at night.  The other downside it's far from the strip, (5-7 miles)you will definitely need a taxi,  a car or take the bus. Clean and Smoke free sold me. Enjoy.
5	We were traveling with a 7 1/2 month old and needed a place to stay one night.  I picked this particular hotel because of the reviews and I have to say I was very happy with our stay.   We got a King Suite and the room was a good size.  There was enough room for all of our stuff as well as a playpen.  The room was very clean, and the bed was very comfortable.  The Staff was excellent and friendly.  The breakfast had a wide selection to choose from and we were very happy with what was served.  If we are back in Las Vegas, I would chose this hotel again.  It is close to the airport, but I didn't hear the planes.  It isn't too far from the strip either.
5	This hotel is lovely and the staff is so friendly! Stayed here recently, but lived here Mon-Fri a couple of years ago, so have a lot of experience with this hotel and I'm never disappointed. It's a clean hotel. There have never been any issues with the cleanliness. They have standard rooms and suites, with comfy beds and very comfortable duvets. This location is close to the airport, shopping, and The Strip. I didn't have a car on this trip, and they have a couple of pretty good restaurants close by.They have 24-hour coffee available in the lobby, as well as coffee makers and coffee in the rooms. They have a pretty nice little breakfast with quite a few options. Also, they usually have a bowl of fruit out during the day and freshly baked cookies in the afternoon and evening.
