5	This is a rather non-descript looking repair shop next to a Circle K.  But don't let that turn you off, this is a decent & honest repair shop.  I took my Toyota there a couple of years ago for a starter replacemnt.  I got genuine and straightforward diagnosis of the car's problem and recommendation for repair.  There was no coming back to me with pressure to have $1500 of additional repairs (you know, the mechanic's upsell????), just altogether good service.  It's a family run business according to their website.  I'd use them again with no reservations.
5	These people will treat your car and wallet the same way they would like to be treated, period. NO pressure whatsoever to get you to fix what is recommended and they explain everything in terms that you'll understand, not the bullcrap jargon the dealership tries to bombard you with in their printable fancy booklets 'customized' to tell you everything that is POSSIBLY wrong with your baby while trying to pretend to buy you a soda from the vending machine.I can't tell you how many times my family and friends have told me how they've brought their own car here to 'test' whether they really need to fix what the dealership suggested and even if it was true, how staggeringly lower $$ they are to fix it. Lexus, Nissan, BMW, they've checked them all.For example, my boyfriend thought his rear wheel bearing was having issues and even though he's been bringing it here for a while, he wanted to try a BMW specialist. We called Bavarian and they told us it would take a week to get in and an upfront $80-something hour long diagnostic charge. Cool story brah, but definitely not for us poor college-pizza-roll-eating-students.Brought it in the following day to Camelback,left it there for a few hours, and at the end of the day, come to find out it's only the tire/rim having problems and they didn't charge us a single thing to have it checked out. So while it doesn't look fancy and could be mistaken as your typical llantera, be smarter than that and give it a try.How I wish this was a body shop too, but alas, the world is too cruel.
1	The owner was completely unprofessional, called me stupid repeatedly and tried to charge me a fifty dollar fee for adding water to my radiator. I wouldn't go here again if he paid me!  It was the most ridiculous attempt to get money for doing nothing that i have ever seen. In top of that he tried to charge me almost two hundred for an oil change and adding coolant. What a crook!
5	We love the honest, dependable service.  They help us keep the budget reasonable. We have used than for years. Our cars are still going after more than fifteen years. It's a nice small business.
5	This shop is great. They service our fleet vehicles for work so I brought my personal car in when I needed the AC serviced. They fixed me right up and didn't break the bank. I appreciate their honesty and professionalism and tell everyone I know to go see Chuck at Camelback Garage
