3	"Nice family restaurant, with decent food at a decent price. Nothing outstanding, but fun to attend!"
4	What a great experience we had there tonight! Drove to Montreal this morning and went for dinner with Mom at a restaurant of her choice, Del Friscos. I had told her of my experience at Il Fornello's on the Danforth just last night, so initially she thought I may not want Italian again, but I was all for it.I remembered this place as being where the East Side Mario's was that we drove by on our way to the much cooler (at the time: mid 90s) Jack Astor's around the corner.The arrival was a bit messy as there was no host around and the passing staff paid us no attention. I saw there were some great hightops in the bar so we grabbed one of those. I wanted to keep tabs on the ballgame (playoffs) and besides, my Mom would be the first person to sit on that side anyways!Our server was really good. Fantastic timing and very easy to talk to. She told us that after ESM, the building was converted in to a large pub which never took off, and then Del Friscos for the last 4 years, and she's pretty much been here from the beginning, after 5 years at a nearby Kelsey's that had closed down (chains don't generally do so well in Quebec). She did have another table's appetizer on our bill though. If I hadn't looked at the bill myself, Mom was about to pay an extra $20. That would have fully soured the experienceThis time I ordered the Chicken Parm with a side of penne and my Mom grabbed the lasagna (she had had it before and LOVED it. I don't think she even looked at the menu.) The portions were great, the salads refreshing and the comfort level in the bar was top notch.Looking forward to a return visit! (Oh, and for you Habs fans out there, apparently Larry Robinson is friends with the owners so he has a dish named after him and also does the radio ads on the local sports radio station!)
1	Pros- Tasty appetizers- Creative and balance martinisCons- Way too pricey- Snooty wait staffMy waiter acted like he was doing me a favour serving me. Everything came with a sigh and a face. Regardless of the food and drink, I won't go back because I simply didn't feel welcomed there. My friends and I wanted to continue our night so we just crossed the parking lot to Jack Astor's, where we felt the staff were happy to have our business.
5	This is the best italian restaurant in Montreal I've been to.The pasta is very good.Also, the mussels are very good too.The buns taste great and are very fresh.Service from the staff is very good.The restrooms are very clean.It was a great experience.
3	This is your standard chain-like Italian restaurant.  The bets thing was the service.  The food was fine, nothing special.  This place is BUSY.  If you are looking for quiet and intimate look elsewhere!
1	Don't eat here. Service SUCKS, food is mediocre, and they don't have tirimisu. They are on the way out and they deserve it.
4	I'm a fan,go there often,pizza is always a win win, rack of lamp and scalopini, love it!!
