4	It's a storage unit.  Clean, easy to access from the 51 and have very reasonable rates. The people here are very friendly to work with such as when I lost my key and they happily cut it for me (after securely identifying me first through a number of checks).  With many drive up units, easy to get in, get your stuff and get out with little hassle.
1	Facility on 32nd St in Phoenix, AZ is unscrupulous and unprofessional. After a long discussion with Ron about my storage needs, I received what seemed to be a fair quote. I later called back to confirm prior to my on site visit and all seemed fine. Upon my arrival, both Ron and his quote were mysteriously missing. After much convincing, the other guy decided to honor the still missing quote and Ron. I understand mistakes happen and chose to overlook their disorganization as the price and location was right for me.7 days after I made a payment, I removed my stored items before the office opened. Ron called and, literally, LAUGHED at me for forfeiting 3 week's rent and refused to refund the difference. When I asked for his supervisor, manager, district manager, *anybody* who would talk to me, he gave me a customer service line that isn't in existence.DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THESE GUYS!
5	I've been renting a small 5 x 5 storage unit since 2007 in a ground floor evaporative cooled building. I'm able to drive up next to the building for easy loading. The facility is clean, adequately lit and secured. I added a battery tap light in my unit to see better at night. I enter a code on a keypad each time I enter and leave my unit. I have access to my unit from 6 AM to 10 PM daily. The office is open normal business hours. They auto deduct my rental fee each month using my credit card and that has always work well for me. Unfortunately, they have continued to raise my monthly rate every year. It started at $48 a month in 2007 and it's now reached $79 a month. It's now too expensive and I'm going to have to leave the unit this month and find other storage. Too bad because I enjoyed renting at this facility for the last 7 years.
