5	Paul was awesome!  EXACTLY what you want in a serviceman.  On time, honest, professional and correctly priced.  I'd recommend him ... and will... to everyone.
5	UNDERSCORE "HONEST" and "EFFICIENT"I called Paul after having first contacting WHIRLPOOL. Paul not only fixed the problem, that WHIRLPOOL did not, but was MUCH less expensive than the original price I was initially quoted by the big company. I'm glad I turned down the big company, and instead chose PAUL. PAUL IS GREAT and I would highly recommend him for your washer / dryer repair. In addition, he is a very personable fellow, and knows his job / profession VERY WELL. He even gave me some free tips for other issues that I might need in the future. THANKS S0-0-0-0-0-0 MUCH PAUL!!!!!  :-)
5	Absolutely fantastic! My dryer quit working. He was right on time. He diagnosed and fixed it in about 10 min. Cleaned up his mess and the charge was as stated. Good old fashion service and dependability! He is absolutely, by far, the best!!!
5	Prompt service and very fair prices! My favorite thing is that he helped me diagnose the problem over the phone so he can order the part right away instead of visiting first and then waiting days until my washer is fixed. I highly recommend !!
5	I had to call here again this week. I can not say how great Paul is. He comes on time, fixes the problem, and the charge is very reasonable. One of the few places left that you can count on.
5	We had Paul out today to fix our 10 year old washer and dryer.  He was on time and did the job well and educated us about the value of older units. He also share ideas about how get more life out of our units. We were thinking about spending $900 on two new units but are glad we called Paul. The repair cost us less than $200 and we now want to keep the older units because they are just made better.
5	Our 20 year old Maytag washer and dryer were basically on their last leg.  Looked at Lowe's for a new set.  Wow.. Not cheap.  Saw the excellent reviews for Paul's Washer and Dryer Repair..  I called Paul and set up an appointment.  I described what kind of noises both washer and dryer were making and Paul gave me an general idea what I could expect to spend for parts and repair.  All I can say is this man know his business.  He was prompt and thorough with his repair work.  His rates are very reasonable. Would most definitely recommend his repair service.  Thank you, Paul!!!!UPDATE:   June 29th....  Our dryer stopped heating at one of the most opportune times.  Paul was on vacation, and I left a message for him to return the call.  He said he would be returning  calls on July 7.  He did.  Again he was prompt and fixed the dryer and it runs like new.  Very happy again with Paul's expertise in washer/dryer repair.  Ya gotta problem with your washer or dryer, call Paul.  He's on time and he's reasonable.  Funny how a broken down appliance like a dryer can wreck your day....
5	Paul was very courteous and professional. He told me what he thought the problem might be and an approximate price over the phone. He arrived at my home exactly when he said he would, and was correct about what the issue was. Great price, quick repair and now I can dry my clothes again! Thank you Paul!
5	Wow! I called Paul based on the other Yelp reviews.  I described my washing machine problem over the phone and he had me send him a picture. He called me back within minutes, and fixed the problem! I had fully expected to have him come over, fix my machine and charge me a bunch of money. THANK YOU Paul! I will definitely be calling him with any appliance issues I have in the future.
5	Paul really deserves a lot of thanks from me for fixing my Maytag 40 yr old washing machine.  When I explained my problem to him he told me it was 1 of 2 things and one item was not available anymore  but the one he brought with him was correct.  Paul was not only on time but was very courteous and did not overcharge me.  I certainly would recommend him to anyone and everyone who needs an honest person.Paul thank you againCarol
5	Fast & friendly service. We will definitely use Paul again for washer and/or dryer repair.
5	Most of you may not believe this but I have a 40 year old Maytag washer that started overflowing.  Called Paul and he told me over the phone what it was.  Made an appointment came out with the exact part and now I am back to washing again.Paul, can't that you enough.
5	Paul is absolutely the best appliance repair person we have had in the 20 years we have lived in Las Vegas.  Extremely courteous, professinal, polite and most important fair in price.  We had an emergency with our washer - stopped working when the very next day we had company arriving from IA - Paul worked us into his scheduled, fixed our washer at a great price - cannot thank him enough.  Definitely will be the only person we call when we need a repair.
5	Paul was awesome. Got my dryer fixed in 15 minutes on a Saturday. Right on time, super courteous and very reasonably priced. Will call him every time.
1	Very disappointed!  I made an appointment with Paul's on Friday morning based upon Yelp reviews for Monday morning.  This morning I received a text that said he wasn't sure if he had an appointment with me and needed to cancel.  Had I known Paul's was not a reliable company I never would have wasted my time in making an appointment with them, I would have called another company.  Now it will be Wednesday before I can get my washer fixed.  Thanks for nothing Paul's!
5	My Kenmore Elite washing machine was repeatedly firing an FH code.  After seeing these reviews, I have Paul a call.  He asked if he could do some research and call me back.  I said okay.He called about 2 hours later, telling me the problem and quoted a price over the phone.  I agreed to the price, and we set to an exact time for him to come over.  He showed up, confirmed the problem, fixed it, and was on his way.  Price was exactly as quoted.Easiest fix ever.  Highly recommended.
5	Called Paul up about my broken washer.  Upon asking me about the problem, he thought it best that I buy a new machine and not attempt to repair mine.  Very honest, could have came out, charged me and then told me this.  Although I didn't use him, I certainly will when the next washer or dryer issue arises.
5	I'm giving Paul 5 stars even though he didn't repair my washer. I called him and told him what was going on. He said the timer was shot. He had to look up the part and called me within an hour with an estimate. I was torn between having it fixed or buying a new washer. Paul said he'd hate to see me put money into my old washer since it was about 15 yrs old just to have it go out soon after. I bought a new washer. Nice guy and very honest! I wish he also fixed cars and plumbing! I'll call him again if I ever have another washer or dryer problem.
5	LOVE  PAUL!  He called me back within the hour just like he said he would.  Made an appt for 10:30, arrived on time, fixed my washer.  Was courteous and knowledgeable.   Cleaned up after himself.  Will definitely use him again...and again!
4	While Paul and I agreed it would not be cost effective to repair my washing machine, I really appreciated his candor and honest approach. I will definitely use them again in future.
5	My washer would require several bangs of the lid to get it to start, and once it started it would fill up with water and then do nothing and just sit there.I called Paul, he said it was probably the lid sensor and the quote would be $100-$140 total. Paul arrived, and sure enough it was the lid sensor.I figured a new/used washer/dryer on craigslist would be $200-$250 (and $400+ at Lowes/Home Depot), and this was a much better route to go, and it was.Paul arrived on time, was even early, diagnosed the situation, replaced the sensor, and fixed the washer in under 20 minutes. Now it's good as new.Very polite and knowledgeable. Would definitely recommend.
5	Just had Paul here to fix my 41 yr old Maytag washer and as usual he diagnosis on phone and brings the correct part.  This is the second time I have used Paul and there will never be another repair person to touch my Maytag.  He is the greatest.  DO NOT hesitate to call him.
5	My washing mashing stopped working saturday afternoon. I shopped around for quotes and availability. Paul picked up right away, asked me a few questions about my problem, and after I gave him the model number he said he would call me back. Within 5 minutes he called and said that he was available to come in next day! On NFL Kick off Sunday morning no less! He showed up promptly at our 11am meeting time. Very polite :) Diagnosed the problem. He showed me how the lid switch had melted the wiring. On Saturday (prior to calling Paul), when it seemed like I couldn't get anyone to come in until Monday, I considered fixing the problem myself with DYI Youtube videos. Im glad I called him because there was no way I would've been able to fix it myself and with such efficiency. The lid switch and wiring needed to be replaced. Paul had the parts ready and fixed washing machine within 15 minutes! Working great and he guaranteed 90 days parts/labor. The parts cost $40 and he charged a very reasonable $96 for labor. I will recommend Paul to anyone with washer/dryer problems! Problems with your washer?...BETTER CALL PAUL XD
5	I have a 20 year old Maytag Neptune (one of the first front loading machines on the market).  I have never had a problem with this machine.  The display lit up that the motor was not working.  I pondered the idea of buying a new machine...but thought I would check on a repair before I spent the money.  I found Paul, due to the good reviews on Yelp.....and wasn't disappointed.  Paul diagnosed the problem over the phone, had a plan in place...and showed up when he said he was going to.  Thanks Paul....now that's what I call service !!
5	Paul just wanted to let you know my 41 yr old  Maytag is still working thanx to you.
