4	Some of the staff is very nice and helpful. This makes some visits quick and easy.Other visits... we wait 10 minutes plus just to get acknowledged. We can go to the cashier and have assistance paged for us, no luck.For a chain pet store, this seems par for the course. We go back because they have good prices for the feeder crickets we regularly need. And despite these long waits, sadly, it is still better to go out of the way to this location than some of the other pet stores around our house.
4	They were Having a grand opening...this place has been here for years...so i did not understand that.but the staff is very friendly. They had a pit bull adoption agency outside with some pit bulls that were too cute.They let you bring your dogs in. We took our pit bull in to pick out a new toy,one of the staff came up and gave him a treat.
5	We just bought a new puppy and the staff here was extremely patient and helpful. Not having much experience with puppies, the staff was a wealth of information.
4	This review was is for the grooming section. The woman who trimmed my dogs nails was outstanding. I have two Rottweilers that are anything less than cooperative. She was able to calm them down as best she could and clip their nails. Thank you so much for being patient with my doggies!!
5	Grooming is awesome!! I took my Yorkie to get a bath, cut, and nail trim. The girl who took care of Coco was so sweet and gentle with her. She really took a lot of care with my baby and when I returned for Coco, Coco was sitting on her lap waiting to get picked up. It's those little things that really make a place over the top. Also Coco came out beautifully!!!!
1	Beware of the dog food; this Petco is having a problem with pantry moths!!!!!  I bought a bag of Wellness dog food about a month ago and when I opened it, I discovered that it was infested with moths and larvae....gross!!!  I returned the bag to an apologetic staff; however, when I returned this week to purchase another bag of food, I discovered that the bag I brought to the register was completely COVERED in bugs.  The cashier's response, "go on back and choose a different bag of food".  This says to me that the staff ignorantly assumed that the bag I returned and the bag I was about to purchase were flukes.  They did nothing to make sure there wasn't an infestation at hand.  Pantry moths are not brand loyal, so I seriously doubt Wellness is the only brand being affected.  I will be getting my food from Petsmart from now on.
1	My review is for the grooming area.  I'll start by saying I was very pleased with getting an appointment within two hours of having called and I called late in the day.  I dropped off my dog and everything went fine.  I was told it would take the usual two to three hours.  The groomer (Tysha Nutt) called and told me my dog was ready but that she couldn't get some parts on my dog's neck.  Okay no big deal.  I went to pick up my dog and noticed Tysha was outside having a smoke break.  Okay no big deal.  I had no reason to concern myself with her smoking.  I went inside.  I could hear my dog calling out for me.  I was sure someone would come out and assist me.  I waited and waited, called out to someone but it turned out nobody was there.  The only person there was Tysha who was out on her cigarette break.  I went outside and asked if anyone was going to help me.  She came in and handed me my paperwork.  I tipped her $10.00 and went to pay. It wasn't until we were getting ready for bed that I saw a big cut on my dog's shoulder and on her paw where the pad meets the skin.  I was furious.  This cut isn't a small cut it's pretty big.  I will go back to this Petco because it's convenient for me but I will NOT let Tysha near my dog ever again.  She needs to go back for more training or needs to find another job if she isn't patient with dogs.
