4	Reef Culture is the Valley's newest coral and saltwater fish store, having opened in the same hard-to-find location that formerly housed About the Reef. Aside from the location, the two stores are quite different. Reef Culture seems much bigger inside, definitely cooler, and much more pristine. They have some *huge* tanks filled with more coral frags than I have seen outside of a trade show- with some rarer specimens I have only seen at shows. They have plenty of fish from which to choose as well, and many popular ones, like several varieties of clown fish, have been tank raised. They have a good selection of chemicals, fish and coral food (pellets and frozen), tank supplies, and live rock. They also sell reef stew, RODI water, and two salinity levels of pre-mixed salt water. We appreciated that they packed our frozen food in paper- with an ice pack!- to keep it frozen all the way home. The prices I saw were all competitive with other reputable aquarium stores in town. Every one who helped us, or offered to help, was friendly and knowledgeable. What I also appreciated is when an employee happened not to know an answer to one of my husband's picky questions, he went and looked it up immediately. To me, that says they care about getting it right, rather than saving time or face by bullshitting the customer. Impressive. I know we'll be back to Reef Culture often- especially now that we have a GPS to get us there.
3	Reef Culture has an exceptional selection with some of the rarest livestock I have seen. The fish selection is the best I have seen. They have several fish I've never even heard of before and many I've never seen available before at a valley store. The coral selection is very good as well, although not as exceptional compared to other local fish stores. The selection of inverts is good, they have all the basics you'd need for a solid cleanup crew, but I would say this is one area that could use a little improvement.All of the displays are gorgeous and well maintained, the store has a great ambiance when you walk in, and they have a pretty good selection of tanks and supplies.The only downsides to this store is that it seems you would pay 10-20% more for a lot of the livestock. Also, although the staff seems quite knowledgeable, they were also rather rude on my latest experience, and just indifferent on my previous. Not very courteous.
5	so, my husband has hobbies.  Lots of them.  And when he starts a hobby he becomes mildly obsessed.Saltwater tanks are a hobby of his.Therefore,  I have been to MANY a tropical fish store, and let me tell you, Reef Culture is THE BEST.These guys know their stuff.  Anytime I have a question about some odd growth or surprise invertebrate, they have answers.The store is clean, squeaky clean, modern, very appealing.The stock is great, they always have some cool pally or fish I've never seen before.And they have Guinness.  Guinness the dog, not the tasty adult beverage.  Guinness the dog is awesome.  He may be the sweetest dog ever.In short, I highly recommend them.
4	Came here for a water chiller and they had what we needed at a great price. This store is huge with a private lot. They have a vast selection of reef rock and coral. We will surely be coming back.
5	Great fish and coral store. Kyle is a great guy and Very helpful. Their fish is quarantine so u know they r healthy. Bought couple of sea horses and they r doing great. Very good selection.
5	I'm just starting out in the salt water game and of all the fish stores I've visited since originally setting up was by far the most helpful. Their tanks are beautiful and incredibly clean, especially the display tanks. They have a wide variety of clown fish and most of the other basic fish. Their prices on everything are a little higher than other stores around town, but it is worth it for the quality and the advice. I love the look of this store. It is very modern with darker lighting than most pet stores so the focus is on the tanks. They also have the most modern technology needed for a marine tank including protein skimmers, lighting systems and tanks themselves. As far as I'm aware, this is the only salt water only store in the Phoenix area and they certainly do it well.
5	Great LFS. Very helpful and lots of product. I had a very pleasant experience here. After two trips around the store I picked out my items and was out of there in a flash. Thanks!
5	The best coral shop in the phoenix valley. Great store, good service and very knowledgeable.
5	I buy all my fish and corals there, great store.
5	Maybe the best aquarium store i've been too in the valley. The whole store has a mood and overall kind of relaxing. The only bad things I have to say is I didn't like the customer service but I got their an gour before they close on a Saturday so maybe that's some of it. The other bad this was their prices but totally understandable and I'm willing to pay a little more for a better product.
5	One of the coolest reef stores you'll go in. Lot's of stuff to choose from. They even have a good selection of nano fish that you don't find most places. Staff is cool. They are a little more expensive than the industry average.
5	Pretty much the best store for salt water aquarium livestock in the Phoenix metro area. I have been to all of them. Awesome selection, good prices, large, clean store with great lighting, friendly and knowledgeable staff. I have no complaints or recommendations. A great place to visit with kids- they love it.
3	Permanently closed
1	They have been closed the last few times I've tried to go. I don't know if it is permanent or if they moved or what.  This was one of my favorite stores so I would like to know if they relocated.
