3	This restaurant is inside NY NY Hotel & Casino..and it's ironic how they can't get my NEW YORK STEAK right.....medium rare please.
2	For a midday snack, you're probably better off at a fast food joint in the food court area of NYNY.  Appetizers to hold one over before dinner were just awful.  Calamari, salad, even a baby order of ribs:  served lukewarm/cold and just plain bad.  It's really difficult to imagine any of the entrees here as redeeming.Earns extra star just for the interior styling -- the wall and the ceiling map are nice touches.
4	One of my friends amongst the group was craving breakfast with actual eggs and toast and etc. And we were somehow in NYNY at the time and couldn't find a buffet. So we were pointed in the direction of America.  The food quality was about the same as you'd get at IHOP or Denny's, and the prices about the same. So nothing to rave or complain about. My Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs was tasty, fatty, and delicious. Our waters were constantly refilled, and the decor and environment felt relaxing enough. What really stood out was...as I am asian..I MUST have soy sauce with my over easy eggs..Get that Ketchup and Salsa away from me. Our server said it'd be no problem, and she actually went all the way to neighboring restaurant Chin Chin to get me a bowl of soy sauce. Wow above and beyond the call of duty.  The only real reason I gave this four rather than five stars, was that our server disappeared for what seemed like ten minutes before we could pay our bill. Not a deal breaker, but a nuisance nonetheless.  Anyway if you're in NYNY and want some breakfast, it's worth a shot. Not to mention if you don't care about having eggs and hashbrowns etc. They have a great deal for all you can eat pancakes at like $6 (which were fluffy and delicious). One of my buds ordered that and helped feed the entire table (our server didn't mind at all)..which was cool.~G
1	WORST RESTAURANT IN VEGAS!  I went with some friends to Vegas this weekend, and after a night of fun we were looking for a place to get a good breakfast.  Granted there were about 12 of us, but the restaurant was moderately empty when we arrived.  We placed the orders no problem, things were going well.  About half an hour later we start thinking, hmm, food coming anytime soon?  Another 20 minutes later 2 or our 3 appetizers arrive... the other one got lost somewhere along the way...  20 MORE minutes later, with us starving by this time, the food arrives.  12 of us ordered.  4 of these were wrong.  1 meal didn't resemble anything anyone ordered.  3 more were wrong in some way- veggie instead of turkey burger, wrong sauce on top of something, etc. The other 8 (yes, seriously) were stone cold.  When we complained to the manager, she was not only rude and condescending, but also incompetent!   If you're looking for somewhere to go where the service and food will be so bad that  they'll end up giving it to you free, then this is your place.  Otherwise, avoid it like the plague.
5	This was the first place we ate at upon arriving at the hotel.  We were hungry and felt that the food was good.  The waitress was great and service was awesome. We stopped in for breakfast the next day and also got great service.  All the waiters and waitresses seemed very nice.  We had no complaints at all and the place is open 24/7 so that is always a plus.
4	Ok, the mac and cheese alone is worth five stars IMHO.  But there is a catch with this place.  Long wait times brings the whole experience down a notch.  But damn if the mac and cheese isn't good.  I've been here three times.  I've always pulled up a chair right at the bar.  You can avoid waiting in lines, which can tend to form at certain points in the day.  America is located inside the New York New York Hotel-Casino.  Above all the tables posted on the wall is a huge sculpture type deal of the United States.  All the menu items have some tie to a city in the U.S.  (mac & cheese = Austin, Texas)  Again, I've waited around a half-hour for my food sometimes.  That's my only gripe.
2	Really disappointed with this place as Ive read about the cool celling of the map of the states, but it was just tiny and you have to be sat directly in the middle to see it as the place is huge. As for the food we went for breakfast and we both got the Italian skillet which consisted of marina sauce and potato's and cheese lots of it and sausage and egg. Not bad tasting just wasn't great, but service was okay.
4	I have to vote for that macaroni-and-cheese - woo! Our waiter was absolutely attentive, courteous and helpful. He impressed me.America was the only restaurant we could find open that late at night, and I was glad to find someplace good. This is a diner two or three notches above a typical diner, but still with a diner feel and prices.
2	Grabbed breakfast food here.  Hash browns were burnt.  Scrambled eggs were a bit runny and bacon wasn't as crispy.  Mainly didn't like the service at the very end.  We had a flight to catch and needed to leave.  Another server printed out the check for us, and we paid our bill and left it at the table.  The server runs towards us and tells us we don't pay at the front and we have to pay her.  We pointed to the bill with all the cash and said it's there.  When she finally grabs the bill and sees the cash, her tone flips back to being nice.No, I don't like it when a server thinks we want a free meal.
3	It's just kinda there and convenient, especially if you're staying at NY NY or if you're around at ungodly hours (which I suppose could be any hour in Vegas). Better than Denny's. I had a pretty good Turkey Reuben here. Came back for an okay omelette breakfast the next day, OJ is freshly squeezed here. Awesome giant map of America sculpture (can't miss it). And they have a bar--bonus!
3	Convenient and better than some of the shady places in the other hotels.  I liked the crab cakes benedict for breakfast .  Service was kinda on the slow side,
3	I ate here on a previous trip to Vegas, but really didn't remember much about it. I found myself in there again a couple weeks ago. It was late, we were drunk, my companion wanted breakfast, and Denny's seemed a million miles away. There's nothing really special about this place unless you're into craning your neck to look at the giant map. Our server wasn't exceptionally friendly, but he wasn't bad either. He did seem quite disappointed when we didn't order drinks, though. You can't really go wrong with pancakes and omelets. . . so there's not much that can be said about the food. The only really negative thing that can be said is that our food came out incomplete. My toast was missing and my friend didn't have any butter or syrup for his pancakes. Oh, and there is a full bar. . . despite what the majority are saying in the survey. Apparently the people who voted for "none" on alcohol were wearing blind folds as they were walking in. ;)
3	Huge portions for the price, but slow. Cocktails are alright. Serves a lot of beer, but their Fat Tire was inoperable when I went.
2	This is typical of the overpriced diner but with neato interior design in Las Vegas. Great for groups and drunk eating if that's your bag, baby.
1	If you want regular American food that tastes okay and is the same quality as Denny's, go here and pay 76 dollars for your meal.  All I ordered were chicken strips, a steak, and fried chicken.  And yes--it was 76 dollars. Mediocre food doesn't deserve a good rating, and although edible and an interesting ambiance, it was not worth the money at all.
5	I have no idea why people are whining, but I'll jot my two cents down.It was christmas day, late night, we were looking for a 24 hour restaurant to eat at in NY NY, and found this place. We had the cheese pizza and the vegetable sandwich on rye that came with spiced potato wedges and couple of cocktails. The drinks were great, so was the pizza and the food. The service was impeccable, i mean good food at midnight? with good service? and reasonable prices? and we didn't need to leave the casino to find it..what more do you want? the pizza tastes like east coast pizzeria style which is something we NEVER find in cali....WE LOVED IT. totally worth a checkout.
3	It reminds me somewhat of a Denny's in terms of its menu. What I like best about this place is that it's open 24/7, so if you're looking for a quick bite at 3:00am you can't go wrong here. Their burgers are pretty decent and their entrees are big enough to get me full. The fettucini alfredo was surprisingly good too. There's also a full bar so you're not limited to just beer and wine.The only thing that needs improvement is the wait time. We had to wait at least 20 minutes for our food, which happened on both occassions we ate here.
3	Had the chocolate chip pancakes as big as my HEAD! So good. Trust me, you do not even need syrup for these pancakes, but they are sweet enough with all of those chocolate chips. Had a side of bacon, but I hate it when my bacon is still "oinking," so I asked for it to be well done. It was still undercooked for my tasted and it gave me a few snorts. Didn't dare to ask for them to throw it on the grill b/c the kitchen was a marathon away from our table and service was just a little slow. Slow, but very nice and appreciative that we were there. I give that a two thumbs up.
1	It was late, as we'd flown in that night.  This seemed safe, in the way that you know you can always find something at a Denny's.  It may not be the best thing you've eaten, but it'll fill you up and you know what to expect.I'm sad I ate here.  We should've gone to the Irish pub place or something instead.First off, they pretty much scorched the outside of my "medium" burger, then managed to make the bun into mush.  The vegetable side tasted like someone took canned veggies and boiled the hell out of them.  We barely got service, despite it being dead in there.  Everything was just kind of frustrating.That said, you might not be bad off if you attempt dessert or breakfast food or something.  Maybe getting something pre-prepped is the way to go.  I say this, because any excuse to sit and look at the giant map sculpture thing for 30 mins. or so is fine if it's not like punishment.  That's the one redeeming factor here.Seriously, how can you be a bastion of diner style food and jack up a freakin' hamburger?!  That's all I want to know.~EEE~
5	If I can recommend a great restaurant with excellent service, it was our own hotel, the AMERICA restaurant at the New York New York hotel. We ate the $11.99 ribeye steak and potato special, and OMG it was juicy, flavorful and the service was the best we had in Vegas. We didn't even need to use any A-1 sauce! SOOOOOOOOOO GOOD.James was our waiter and he is THE BOMB! We tipped him almost half of our meal cost because we were SOOO pleased. He was very personable, gave us tips and offered a drink idea, the Fruity Booty which was DELICIOUS. He checked on us often, and made sure that he made us feel like we were the only people in the restaurant. We even had a few laughs with him. Who knew our own hotel's restaurant would be so good. We went back for breakfast this morning as we left for our flight back home, and once again, EXCELLENT service!
3	Husband and I went here on 5/10/09 for breakfast.  We opted for the All-You-Can-Eat Pancakes for $6.95.  We loved the decor, which considered of those fun postcards for each state/city back-in-the-day and a huge map of the United states with mountains and fun things.  Our waiter was on top of things. Checked in on us appropriately.  The pancakes are huge and dense.  Neither of us were able to finish.  The manager even stopped by to see how everything was doing.  We asked how often it was that people would even go for seconds for the pancakes and she admitted herself that it was rare.  Pancakes good.  Coffee was expensive though, a cup for over $3! Yikes!
4	$11.99 for a 16oz.ribeye dinner special.....definitely can't beat that.  I mean this was a pretty sweet deal especially when your luck is down.  (I was doing pretty good at the tables here)  Came here with my boys after spending hours at the tables.  They tried to get steak and eggs but for $13.99...ha no way.  I told them you might as well get the steak dinner and add eggs....overall you pay like a dollar more and you get a baked potato and veggies...I know I am so chinese.  The steak was not bad considering it was my 3rd one in a span of 24 hours....it was too big tho cuz I only ate half of it.  Great deal here...but its only from midnight to 5am I think.
1	From the moment we were "greeted" by the hostess to the moment we left, this place sucked.Needing a breakfast fix, wifey and I strolled up, after noticing that the room was at least 3/4 empty. Figuring that this place was a safe bet, we sat down for a quick bite. Shortly after we were seated, we saw that the NBA finals were on, but with no sound, and he big 'ol closed caption lines over the scoreboard.  So, we asked the waiter upon taking our orders to make them to go - we would be watching the game in our room.Our order - breakfast burrito and pancakes - took 25 goddam minutes. Even after the wait, being in generally good spirits, we were only mildly annoyed. All we had to do now was pay the bill and get out.However, that sentiment quickly turned, considering that after we received the food, our waiter didn't come back with the check. 5 minutes pass... As I'm getting up to walk out with my free food, my wife grabs what appeared to be a manager, and asked him for our check. He brings the check, we provide our card, and he, too, decides not to come back. WTF?I ended up walking the check to the front so the manager could complete the transaction... then guess who decides to show up? The stupid goddam waiter! How've ya been, bud?He approaches me as I'm walking back to our table and says, "Is everything okay?"No, prick. I'm missing the finals.To wrap it all up, the meal we had in our room was indicative on the "wish it were mediocre" service. Dry breakfast burrito, and pancakes that were crispy like waffles on the edges. So yeah, this place sucks. If do come back, I'll be totally hammered so I can vomit on the tables after I eat.
2	Ugh.The story that I can tell that sums this place up involves a group of us guys roaming in here at 6a (having been up the entire night) and in desperate need of food. They had an "all you can eat" pancake special going on, which at the time sounded fantastic. And then we got the pancakes - these were the driest things ever put together - more absorbent than a Sham-Wow. No amount of fake maple syrup could make these things palatable, which in our state is saying something. Terrible food. About the only thing that I've found on the menu that's any good is the bagel sandwich.(If you're wondering why I've gone back, well, it's the only 24-hour restaurant in the NYNY Casino, and sometimes convenience just wins out)
4	America is all about big portions of comfort food, served in a casual atmosphere 'round the clock.  It meets its goals.We made a reservation and our table of four was seated immediately.  Our waiter, Rich, showed up right away and gave us a rundown of the alcohol menu.  I had a great cocktail and my friends shared a bottle of reasonably-priced wine.  We were all pleased with our food.  We shared an order of edamame (dee-lish!) and a caprese salad (yum!).  The starters arrived promptly.For my main course, the cobb salad did not disappoint.  The veggies were fresh and the bacon crisp.  It was a good cobb.  My sister had the cedar plank salmon, and it was perfectly cooked.  My friend had a salad with tuna, and she liked it.  My other friend devoured her cheeseburger in a matter of seconds, and had quite the smile on her face.The four of us shared the hot-fudge brownie sundae for dessert.  Seriously THE BEST hot fudge brownie sundae I have ever tasted.  The brownie was moist, soft, chewy, with just a few nuts.  The fudge was thick and rich.  This sundae was AMAZING.  Just remember that the bottom of the ice cream dish is coated with hot fudge, so don't ignore the bottom of the bowl!I can't say enough about our waiter.  Rich is my newest crush.  Turns out he's so good at what he does that he's been promoted to bartender.  Plus, he looks like a young Kevin Bacon / Nick Nolte / Gary Busey (when he was young and handsome) hybrid, so we gave him a hard time all evening.We enjoyed our dining experience here.  No frills, decent food, crazy portions and great service.
5	"America f**k yeah" That's all I should really have to say. This place came in handy soooo many times on my last trip. They have some really good food options. Loved the quesadillas! But hated the tuna sandwich, and I was drunk when I ate it. So it has to be pretty bad. But really you can't go wrong, there is something for everyone on the menu. Also they have a special going on where it's $3 well drinks during happy hour and between the hours of 12am-5am M-F. I never physically ate in the restaurant since we ordered our food at the bar and took it up to our room so I really can't comment on the service or the hostess. But the bar staff were all really cool, once we were even reminded of the $3 special so we just had to order a drink.
3	Your $3 gin and tonics during happy hour gave me a hang over by 7pm, leaving me nauseated for the rest of the night. Good thing or bad, you pick. Loved your "4 cheese" mac n' cheese even though it was probably velveeta. But whatevs, it was 5am and it was awwwesome.
2	Bloody Marys: Amazing. Vegas is a city that knows how to do the Bloody Mary right. America was no exception and they spiced the glass rims for an extra kick. Steak and eggs: Decent. Then again, it's my go-to for hangover breakfasts (actually, all breakfasts) and the Bloody Mary stole the show, so I didn't pay too much attention to it. Service: Sigi was our server. You know, I was, incidentally, at the same table as fellow reviewer Richard C. over here (we're crew - what's up punkass!) and I agree: Sigi was top-notch. Her hustle deserves a better forum in a better establishment. Ian did indeed get six fries. It was embarrassing for everyone and I felt bad for the dude. And overall, the food was sub-par and America brought out the weirdness in everybody: Jeff - who is 6'5, was hungover and routinely eats like a garbage disposal - couldn't take more than a bite of his veggie sandwich. The bathroom was outside in the casino and it was weird with eight of us shuffling in and out of America for fifteen minutes at a time. The kitchen took too long to bring out our food. Even I grew a beard along with the rest of the man convention just sitting around waiting for our slop. Also, I dropped a Benny on black at the roulette table afterward, and it went down the drain. I think it was because of America. Bad mojo.
2	I am very sad that I agreed to eat here.  The food was barely palatable and my drink came out COMPLETELY wrong twice.  Service was acceptable, but in the end we paid $40 for the pleasure of crappy food and a generally bad dining experience.  Blegh.
2	Well, there's not really much I can say about this place.  I came here with my friend for a late night eat.  We both ordered their $8.99 late night steak special.  Granted, at 1:30am with a empty stomach, the bland steaks did their job.  Probably won't eat here again though.  The menu didn't really appeal to me.
3	This place is located within the New York - New York Hotel & Casino. My husband and I decided to try this place for breakfast/lunch on our last morning in Vegas. At first glance the menu looks good, but once we got the food it just wasn't that great. The service was pretty lacking too. I ordered an orange smoothie which I still hadn't received by the time we got the food, and when we reminded the server she brought a strawberry smoothie. I'll say that the smoothie was pretty good, even though it wasn't what I ordered. My husband ordered a breakfast burrito which he seemed to like, but it looked like there were too many eggs inside it compared to other ingredients. I ordered the lump crab eggs benedict, and it just wasn't very flavorful. The restaurant is open 24/7 so I'd probably go back for a late night meal, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
3	My wife and I were staying at the New York New York hotel, and we stopped in here for a quick no-reservations meal before going to a show that night.Food:  I had a burger, which was fine; there's only so many ways to screw up a burger, after all.  My wife ordered an advertised special, which was steak and crab legs.  She told me they were the best crab legs she'd ever had, and they certainly appeared fresh and well-prepared; I've never seen anyone have such an easy time getting huge hunks of crab meat out of the shell, especially with snow crab.  So, based purely on those crab legs, they'd get a positive review.Service:  Here's where things fell apart.  Our server was apparently the slowest in the restaurant, which was not at all busy (we'd arrived just after 5, which is really early for dinner in Vegas).  We didn't get out of there until 6:45.  People who arrived after us got their drinks and meals before us, paid, and left before we even finished our meals.  It took him 25 minutes from the time we ordered it to bring dessert!  I mean, it's not like they had to bake the cheesecake or anything!  We really had to hustle to make it to our show, even though we felt we'd allowed plenty of time before we stopped for dinner.  Of course, when it came time to pay the check, he miraculously turned into Mr. Speedy.So, three stars:  good food, slow service.
2	They're open 24 hours a day and that's the main draw here after the 3am closing of the pizza place in the hotel is done for the day. Nothing fancy here just plain ol' food that fills you up after a night out in Sin City.
3	We stayed at the New York-New York this last weekend for 2 nights.   Both nights we ended up seeking refuge at the America Diner at some ungodly hour, much like old travelers of yore would seek refuge at a Tavern to escape the icy snowstorm howling outside.   Except in our case it wasn't howling but it was the incessant sound of clinging coins, and it wasn't a snowstorm but utter mayhem on the Casino floor.   Lastly, it wasn't icy but it was an inconceivable amount of cheap booze that would leave us clutching ourselves in agony the next morning.  While the food pretty much sucked at America, I'm still pretty fucking glad the place was still open at 3 AM on Sunday morning.While my wife ordered the steak the first night, she opted for the pancakes the second night.   I went with the Macaroni & Cheese and a Spicy Chicken Sandwich the first night and the Macaroni & Cheese and Potato Skins the second night.    (Hey! Nothing like simple carbs to absorb an insane amount of alcohol lounging about in your stomach)The first night, the Mac & Cheese tasted very much like I what I imagine a Salt Lick tastes like.   The Spicy Chicken Sandwich was anything but.  I'm guessing they ran out of Buffalo sauce and they figured I was too drunk to give a fuck.   While it's true I was too drunk to start an argument then & there, I knew I'd get these fuckers on Yelp sooner or later.    The Mac & Cheese the 2nd night was legit... not great but certainly better than the first night since I could actually glimpse the taste of cheese that time around.   My wife said the steak was completely fucked up and she's still having painful bowel movements some 48 hours later.   The pancakes were good, but then again how does one really fuck up pancakes now, right?If this was the Bay Area, I'd probably give this place 1 star or 2 at the very most.   Seeing as they're open 24 hours a day though, I'm being generous and giving them 3 stars.   Besides, as drunk as we were, it's fascinating to realize that you're the most composed couple at 3 AM in here.   I feel bad for the waiters and waitresses here... They gotta deal with some seriously fucked up shit every day.
1	I am a proud american and do love this country so it brings my heart to have to say this but America Sucks! The restaraunt that is. Its loacted inside of new york new york from the outside you'd think it would be really good, a great place to have a hearty "american" meal you can but it is going to cost you 20 dollars for that meal. There a few items on the menu less than 10 dollars that don't provide a lot of food, what they do have though is all you can eat pancakes for 6.95. Now I can eat me some cakes so I decided to get this. You get your first plate of two nice bigs pancakes which are really thick, but beyond dry. Added a side of bacon which was 4 dollars for 3 strips and a coffee which was 3. The wait staff was rude and not very attentive at all. So stay away!
1	Overcooked poached eggs, pallid rye bread (in a New York, NY restaurant!), and corned beef hash that tasted of nothing but onion.  The server was friendly when she had time to come around and see us, but I asked for a newspaper, which never came.  She came back to see if everything was okay when we'd already been finished eating what we could take of the food.
3	There are a few locales that are referred to as a "city that doesn't sleep", with New York as the likely original, though it has been proven to me over time that few other places can really live up to this claim.I guess that for my first time back in Las Vegas as an Adult, I assumed that it would be easy as pie (specifically apple pie...read on) to find somewhere half-decent to eat late at night. After passing many unworthy eating establishments on our 2.5 HOUR trek down the entirety of the strip (complete with a stop to purchase Dr. Scholls shoe inserts after developing blisters), the BF and I reluctantly sat down in a semi-fancy restaurant at the MGM. I took a look at the multicultural, Californian, fusion menu that I would normally exalt in and said, "...I kind of just want some American food."BF sighs. We forced our aching feet to carry us across the street to New York, New York, dedicated to a city we should have known we could depend on in the first place, and like a beacon in the night saw this place called flat-out "AMERICA." Complete with textured map of the United States on the ceiling. If there is a god, she must know what it feels like to NEED a milkshake at 4am. This is the first time that I have ever paid more for a salad ($14 for southwest-inspired chicken salad) than my BF paid for his steak and potatoes dinner ($12), but I was so happy to get that salad and malt milkshake into my stomach that I didn't mind. America -- Fuck Yeah.
3	Good food and it will satisfy your hunger.It's a coffee shop and a good one at that. My girlfriend had the  Mac and Cheese, it was huge and tasty and I had Bacon Avocado and cheese omelet was good too. A good play when you come in late like we did or justt want more then pizza before going to bed after a night of gaming.
3	im thinking 3 stars for this place.   portions were huge, but nothing that was super delish... server was as expected for the atmosphere of the restaurant... we can keep this one short but sweet... I would return.. but definitely not on my list of a must return.
1	After walking around the strip with a 5 year old, we were starving and jumped into New York New York thinking that they had a nice cafe for lunch. Spotted America and thought it would be a good place to eat. The hostess seated us right away and even gave our daughter crayons and a place mat to draw on. It wasn't crowded. There were only 5 tables in use. There were 3 bus boys cleaning off tables. Oh wait! Make that two bus boys and one server cleaning off tables. We waited and waited and waited. After 15 minutes nobody came to even offer us water or something to drink. Really annoyed we got up and left. The hostess looked up surprised to see us leave and asked us what was wrong. We told her and she told another girl up front to get the manager, but we did not stay to see the fireworks. Took a cab back to Mandalay Bay and had a decent lunch at Raffles Cafe.
3	How can you complain when you can get a steak and crab legs, salad, and baked potato for $14 in Las Vegas and leave super full? Its not the best quality food but, if you are looking for a filling meal..this is where its at. Shout out to Mono....your girls from VA are coming to see you soon!
3	Ahhhh nothing like breakfast food when you're drunk! After a night of dancing at XS we stumbled here from our hotel, the MGM which is across the street. This night was a little blurry for me, not sure how we heard of this place but thank goodness it was open 24/7!The place was pretty empty and we were seated right away. I ordered the Empire State Plate which came with eggs (over easy), bacon, sausage, hash browns and toast. Our food came out pretty quick and I loved my runny eggs with the oh so buttery toast. The bacon was super crispy, just the way I like it. Keep in mind that I'm still a drunken mess but the food was good. I think the only thing I didn't finish were the hash browns, they were a little too mushy for me even in my state of mind.After we got our food, I think service was pretty slow. From what I remember when we got the bill we just put the money at the table left. In a sober state of mind, I probably wouldn't come here but this place filled my tummy and I was happy.
3	Open late for all the club stragglers. Nothing else was open, so we came across this place. Inexpensive steak and potato dinner and was pretty fulfilling. Worth what ya pay for. I mean I wouldn't go here if I had other options but it's not that bad for a Denny's-type restaurant.
1	This place sucks.  First of all, their coffee is $4 and my husband thought it was awful.  Second, I really like businesses that put their customers first and their priority is to make sure that you are happy.  So when I ask to substitute a muffin for toast, and pay the $1 difference (the price difference if you order them a la carte), and this isn't okay, it makes me really wonder about where their brains went.  It is a little detail like that which is the difference between true hospitality and a restaurant that is just out to make a buck.  Also, I was really bummed about that muffin :)
3	We decided to look for a spot to eat in the wee hours of the night after a night of drinking and found this spot open 24 hours in the New York New York hotel and casino. I was easily drawn to the sign that had the post midnight special: a 16 oz. steak meal for only $11.99.  I'll take that please!We came in and ordered fairly quickly as there were only a few people sitting in this enormous room filled with memorabilia from around theUnited States. I ordered the steak special which came with two sides. I ended up getting some coleslaw to substitute the vegetables and an order of the french fries.The food came out in about 12 minutes or so, which is a good time to wait. The steak was decent. It was a litte tough to tell the truth, even though I had ordered it medium rare. Id say the steak was decent especially for the price so theres nothing to complain about.  The coleslaw was forgettable as were the fries. If you're really hungry and in the area I'd say go for it, otherwise there's probably other better alternatives.
3	This review is for the pool side food service that gets the food from America, according to the receipt.We didn't eat breakfast and we went straight to our spa services which lasted for a few hours so by the time we got to the pool, it was around 2pm and we were starving.  Thank goodness for the not-so-friendly waitress walking around.Quesadilla - A little oily but not too bad.  It would have been better probably if we ate it at the restaurant so I'm not complaining too much.  The salsa was decent and the filling was significant.  Definitely an American style quesadilla.   Would try it again.Burger/Fries - Cooked MR and dressed appropriately.  It was a decent burger with no frills at all.  Definitely a $6 burger per Carl's Jr.   The fries were okay but I can't expect too much from pool side service fries.  Not bad but not great.   If service lady was a little nicer, it would have been a lot tastier I presume.  Who knows.  Anyway, I lived a little dangerously and went swimming 29 minutes after I ate.
1	We heard that you cannot go wrong with the restaurants in new York new York.  There were lines everywhere so we thought that we got lucky when they took us right in. We commented that the restaurant was so empty so perhaps that's not a good sign. WE WERE RIGHT. Not only was the service bad...took 55 min to get food, but our waitress was rude and no explanation given or apology when we asked about our food. Food was mediocre at best. But they really don't care because they get automatic tip. Waithelp were crowded by the bar a lot talking and laughing and a lot of empty, unbused tables around us as we ate. Quite unsightly.  Do not try this one!
2	So, it's 4 a.m. and you're drunk and stuck inside the New York, New York Hotel. You're a 15.00+ cab ride away from your hotel down the strip and you have no cash, your friends are borderline vomits, you're wearing a $500 dress that's sopping wet from a naked hot tub party that seems like a distant memory (wait, naked? how was my dress wet?) and the only thing that's going to keep you alive is a cup of coffee and some buttered toast. Where do you go? You go to America, the only restaurant that will cater to your busted, drunk ass. We ordered sausage, eggs and toast, a pot of coffee, chicken fingers and nachos. Someway or another, the grand total of the bill was $60, not  including tip. This is for crap I probably could have bought at 7-11 for $10.00 or less for the same quality. I guess when you're drunk and rambling, you have to pay extra for someone to try to decipher the shit coming out of your mouth. The service here is terrible. It's because the people who work here hate their lives and it's evident in their lack of facial expression. Some may be suicidal, I mean, if I was working there at 4 am trying to talk to drunk people who have no idea what they're doing or saying, I'd probably think off-ing myself would be a good idea, too. The only thing worth mentioning is that fucking gigantic map of the US. I've been to America a bunch of times, the most recent time being the basis of my review - but that shit is funny when you're sober, when you're drunk, when you're high, and I'm sure if I ever did shrooms or any sort of hallucinogen, I would want to come here and just stare at it. So what I'm trying to say is, don't come here for the food - you come here when you've hit rock bottom with your partying and you need to chill the fuck out with some really greasy, crappy food. Expect to pay a fortune for food that some dog probably shit out a few hours earlier. That's all I really have to say.
5	This place is getting 5 stars and even getting a review from me for one main reason... ... RIch... the bartender... We are making a 15 hour trek from CA to CO and our first stop is to blow some cash in Vegas... let's check out New York NY... So 300.00 down the drain and down on our luck we are hungry... starving say the least... we walk around and find America. We decide to sit at the bar ( some thing i rarely do).. watch some college football... and order up some grub. Rich comes over to take care of us.. and take care of us he does. Charming personality, and doesn't seem to get ruffled.... One thing my friend and I love to do is watch people tip. We watched him serve up things great time after time, and never flinch when gathering up his tips.. be it the 50 cent change or 2.00 for a 3.00 beverage.. he smiled, checked on his entire client group ... along the bar... often. I like this place, good bar set up, nice sizable dining area.. and a great big map of the USA, with little symbols on each state.. probably a great place to take you kids.. should you have had to bring them to Vegas... and get a little education out of it. The price is the price... what you would expect from a Vegas Restaurant... 2 bud light drafts, 1 Pepsi, 2 chicken sandwiches .. and edamame... oh yeah, and the food we extremely satisfying... Like I said, RIch is 2 of these stars alone. He was great with his co-workers.. his shift ended while we were there and we hurried up and cashed out and give him what we thought hopefully made up for the lower, unappreciative, prior tips!!
4	Surprise Surprise!  This is the 24 hour behemoth inside New York New York.  These 24 hour diner style establishments I review as if I am forever comparing them to a Denny's.  When I arrived at America I was seated quickly and brought water and coffee quickly, which in Vegas is a great way to start any meal.  Big old carafe of weak coffee is plopped down on your table within a minute of sitting down, and although it isn't the finest quality it makes up for it in quantity.  They have this giant tilted sculpted map of America that hangs precariously over your head as you eat.  I was seated under Texas and this did not make me happy, but examining the map/art thing was a great way to pass the time until my food arrived.  The service was quick and prompt, although the waiter forgot my smoothie on the first trip but realized it himself and was back super quick with it.  My breakfast plater thing had a good amount of mediocre food, that looked like it had actual veggies in it.  Weird.  Also the bacon had some sort of thickness (it was NOT thick bacon), but when you compare it to the bacon at a Denny's it was pretty divine.  I am pretty sure they had some kind of all you can eat buttermilk pancakes for a pretty good price as a special, but a lot of basic pancakes just didn't special to me.  I overheard that this is the food that they serve as room service in New York New York, so hopefully that helps.Things I like : Decor, Lots of coffee, bacon, hash browns, serviceThings I dislike: Smoothie (tasted watered down and also pricey)in the end these 24 hour places with decent prices are how I usually survive in Vegas for at least part of my time there, and I would return to America when I am dangerously close to extinction.
2	We went here for breakfast when we first arrived in Vegas. Let me start by saying that the wait staff was extremely nice and attentive to our table. The breakfast is what you typically get at any 24 hour type of diner restaurant, nothing amazing. I ordered an omelet which had no flavor at all but it was a big portion and frankly I was starving after not eating for over 24 hours. My other breakfast mates weren't impressed either but hey we weren't upset about it we kinda figured it wasn't going to blow us away.I recommend going here if you don't want to spend a lot of money, want big portions and pretty great service. I never tried it for lunch or dinner so I can't comment on that.
3	For late night diner type fare after a long night in high heels at the club, this place is the old reliable.  If you don't feel like "Moons Over My Hammie" at Denny's, this place won't disappoint.  I've found myself here more than once in all my trips to Vegas.  The service is usually friendly and fast.  The food is alright, but it's hard to find gourmet at 2 am.
3	We rolled into America at close to 4 a.m. hungry after a night of gambling and drinking. All we wanted was some good chow to put us to sleep. The 16 oz. Ribeye Steak for $12.99 was screaming my name and I took the bait. I'm so glad I did. It was a great steak, perfectly cooked medium rare and served with a baked potato and veggies. My two brothers-in-law had the same thing and were also satisfied.
3	Great place to have breakfast if you happen to sleep in from a night of partying!This place is located in New York New York Casino.  The restaurant boost American food fare and the decor of the place reflects that and there are plenty of seating.We both ordered the Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs.  Originally we were gonna order all you can eat pancakes but we missed it (last serving was at 11:30 am for the AYCE pancakes @ $7.95).Our food took awhile to be served but it was okay, the place was busy and we were busy admiring the decor of the place.  The food was good but I noticed it was a little overcooked.  Maybe it sat on food warmers before it was served to us because when they served us, they also served the other surrounding tables guests around us.  Maybe they need to hire more waiters and servers.  Now back to my train of thought, the food was overcooked, the hash browns was a little charred.  The scrambled eggs was perfect, nice and fluffy.  The other good thing was the gravy for the chicken fried steak, lots of flavor.   The THREE STARS only minus one star for location (had to walk through smoked filled casino to find this place) and overcooking our food.Food           =    CStaff             =    B+Decor          =    ALocation     =    F
3	Since we stayed at NYNY during this trip, this was a convenient place to have breakfast. I love the HUGE map of USA that covers most of the large ceiling. Great piece of art and worth coming just to see it. We ordered... Coffee Orange juice Eggs Benedict Crab Cake Benedict My Crab Cake Benedict was good and bad. Let me explain... The Crab Cake was yummy but the egg was not runny. It was like a hard boiled egg (which I hate). The tomato hallondaise sauce was yummy. Our waiter Claudio was very nice and professional. Rest of the staff were equally pleasant. Overall not a bad experience but I doubt I'll be back.
2	Arrived on the strip just in time on a Monday afternoon for lunch and walked from Mandalay Bay, ending up in New York. We (workmate and I) figured we would give it a try, so we ordered drinks, water, 1 iced tea and 1 beer, and it took a long time to get them. After about 20 minutes we finally got the attention of a passing wait person, who seemed to be a supervisor, and she made it apparent to the wait staff that we were waiting for drinks.  10 minutes later we finally got our drinks, ordered, and waited...waited...I took a picture of the cool huge US map for my Yelp review, and we waited...waited...waited...it must have been about 45 minutes later, finally got our food - two American burgers with fries.So, the food was actually very good, and we were really hungry by that point so it went fast. We paid and left.It's too bad we waited for so long, or I would have rated it a couple of more stars. I may go back if I need extra time to rest my feet ;)
1	A 1STAR this time around means mediocre food coupled with absolutely horrible service.  Really?  45 minutes to get us two sandwiches that weren't that good?  Save yourself the trouble and go to Jack In The Box.
5	I was just here few weeks ago and I really liked this place.  I stayed at MGM but decided to eat here (they have a deal going on right now for $15 for 1 lb or crab legs or ribeye steak w/ choice of 2 sides).  I've been craving for crab legs and I really didn't want to go to a buffet and over stuff myself.  I really liked their crab legs.  My hubby got their steak, which was cooked very nicely.  We also had an appetizer, which was very good.  Our waiter was also very attentive as well....  I noticed this place wasn't very busy for dinner, seemed like they get more crowded for breakfast...I would definately go back here again!
1	Eating at America taught me a really valuable lesson.  Check Yelp before you decide to eat someplace.  I could've saved myself some time and money and gone someplace else, anyplace else, but no, I chose to go here.The first time I went here was for a late dinner the night we arrived at the hotel.  I ordered a chicken quesadilla which was too terrible for words. I was so hungry I would've eaten almost anything. ALMOST.  I would've rather spent $7.00 on a Snickers bar from the vending machine than eat that again. My husband got a bacon cheeseburger and couldn't even finish half of it, it was so bad.  At least that night the service was friendly.We went back two days later for breakfast, since we needed to go someplace quick and close. We figured maybe the bad food could be attributed to the fact that it was late at night the last time we went. Nope. I had the Eggs Benedict this time and my husband had a waffle.  Again, it was so disgusting I didn't even want to touch it after a few bites. This time our waiter was nowhere to be seen after taking our order and dropping off our food.  Quick breakfast? Not so much thanks to our waiter. Seriously, there are other places to eat in Las Vegas, or even in New York, New York. Pick any of them, just avoid America.
1	Yet another example of "Check Yelp before eating here"...after waiting thirty minutes to get our food and receiving a bagel sandwich that seemed to have been soaked in grease, I logged on to Yelp to check what others say about the place.  If only I had looked before!  Service was slow (when there was any service), and the food was awful. Do NOT bother with this place.  Walk on by....
4	I've just got one thing that I want to mention about this place. The midnight Steak Special for $12.99. I came here after a late night out and the steak really hit the spot. It was steak house quality and the meat was tender and juicy. It came with a baked potato sour cream, chives and butter. If you are not into steak I've also tried their Mac and Cheese which was really good. This had a nice creamy texture to it no clumps to be found here! The portions run big over here so you could easily share an entree.
4	We came here two times during our stay.  Once when I was told that I had wait an hour to check in and the second time for breakfast.  For lunch we had a sampler platter and it was pretty good.  It had potato skins, chicken wings, quesadilla, and mozzarella triangles.  When we came for breakfast the next morning we had bacon, avocado omelets with hash browns.  WOW!!!  That omelet was one of the best I have ever had...and the hash browns were nice and crunchy!The service that we received both times was great.  The decor of this restaurant is really unique with a huge map of the U.S. hanging up and matching tables and booths.  They also decorated for Christmas and it looked really nice.  Overall, a good experience on both my visits and I will be back again for sure!
2	I thought this was just an ok restaurant.We were staying at NYNY and decided to eat at America's (after much "discussion" among eleven people). Because of the time of day we arrived, we were given the breakfast menu.The menu seemed like your typical diner food. The only disappointing thing is that they don't offer combo dishes. I ordered the cinnamon apple waffle but if I wanted it with a side of eggs and bacon, it was an additional charge (like $4 for each item!). But maybe I'm just used to the Dennys and IHOPs and whatnot.Servers were polite but it took a while for our meals come out. We were told that they wanted to bring everyone's meal out at the same time (keep in mind we had eleven people). Unfortunately some meals weren't as warm as others.Despite that, food was ok. Everyone in the party seemed satisfied. The bagel and lox seemed like a popular dish amongst us.The best thing about this experience: it was comped. Thank goodness for the gamblers in the group.
3	We stayed at the NY NY and just decided to eat here one night. There was no wait and it was near our rooms. It took awhile to get someone to notice us and take our order but after that everything was fine. I was feeling sick so I got some chicken noodle soup and it was actually really good! The bread they give you was nice & hot! I'm a bread fan so I enjoyed it. Got chicken tenders which were really good. Boyfriend stuffed rigatoni with a bolognese sauce - which he thought was just ok. This place was okay - definitely not my favorite but not bad either.Pretty sure the room service menu at NY NY is from this place as well.
2	Came in for a quick bite with a group of seven. Food and prices were better than expected. Service was decent, but our server seemed overwhelmed. Not a bad choice when you're not interested in waiting or looking for anything specific.
3	Pretty good food and pretty good service. This place is pretty interesting. The food was fresh and tasty. They price was pretty expensive for four of us. I had a sandwich and soup, I was happy with it. My friends had breakfast there. Everyone was happy. Check it out.
1	-Do you like mediocre food?  -Do you like crummy service?  -Do you like high prices?  What?  You don't?  Are you a terrorist?  Why do you hate America?This establishment is just not a good place to choose to eat at.  Their food tastes like cafeteria food.  It is home of the "Worst Country Fried Steak" in the United States.  Now they won't openly advertise that, but I sure will....Avoid...
1	Only thing open 24 at NY NYDecent serviceTerrible FoodHigh pricesWill not return
4	Got to say that they have a great midnight - 5 am special for ribeye!! Everytime im drunk at 4am and ready to retire from the tables, America at NYNY delivers with a delicious steak!
3	Staying at the NYNY hotel, we decided to try it out for breakfast.I had the crab cake eggs benedict. It was pretty good but nothing about it stood out nor was it bad. The restaurant was decent and I would not make it any sort of a destination but wouldn't mind dropping in were I around in the vicinity.
3	I debated on only 2 stars, but there are some redeaming qualities here.  Whether you like this place or not probably depends on what you order.  My wife got the dinner special which is an 8 oz. steak with 1/2 pound of crab legs, potato, veggies and a salad for $15.  Great value.  My wife liked her steak a lot and the crab legs were OK.  I got the vegetarian club which was not  that great but the fries were very good.  I got the mac and cheese before and I remember it being OK. This place isn't expensive, but If you not getting the special then I can't really say its great value.  I can get a great vegi sandwich at the Cheesecake factory for a buck fifty more, plus this place charged $3.75 for crappy iced tea.The only reason I gave this place 3 stars and not 2 was the good service.  My server was Neverly and he was very nice.  The hostess was very nice too.  The only reason I can see coming here is if you want the special or you are looking for a table service place where you don't have to wait.  I suppose it's a good place for kids too.  I actually wanted to eat at Nine Fine Irishmen but there was a 30 min. wait for two on a Tuesday.
1	Oh God I forgot I ever dined here but I guess I just blocked it out. I came here with a group of 12 people. One thing in general about Vegas is that dining in large groups just screws everything up and I really feel that the service since they add gratuity automatically they feel they can just shut down quality service automatically. It took at least 20 minutes to get a seat on a fairly slow 11 am on a Monday. When we were finally seated we waited another 30 just to get our orders in. I understand that restaurants want to get the food out all at once. But, I really feel that if the food is done they should starting bringing it out. My whole crew ordered breakfast except me who ordered a club sandwich. The food no joke took almost an hour to come out and mine must of been finished first because the fries were ice cold and sandwich was soggy all the way through the bread. When it was time to pay we were not allowed to split up the check any less than 2 ways. The whole fiasco took over 2 hours and wasted a good chunk of the day for a group of my friends that were leaving that day. Never again and stay away.
4	Great place for a late dinner or snack!!! I had a 16oz ribeye med rare and it was cooked prefect!! My friend had a tuna salad sandwich, I had a taste of that and its just like the deli I go to by my house!! Oh the chicken strips with the buffalo sauce is good too!
4	came here at 11:30 pm on a tuesday night and even though the ratings seemed a bit sketchy i decided to give it a try. my friend got the french toast and i got the steak special! 14oz rib eye w/ veggies and a baked potato for $14! crazy!!! the service was a bit slow, but our waitress was as attentive as she could have been (she had A LOT of tables on her own)our food came out in 20 mins and the steak was surprisingly great! cooked to  perfect medium well! i couldn't even finish 1/2 of the steak...my friend had to come to the rescue lol.honestly i would say if you're in the area give it a chance! and remember the steak special! 12 am-5am :D
3	On the weekend when the Griswalds came out, after they got out of a comedy club, I had some great ideas for late night eats. As I was getting ready to tell them, I got: "There's a steak and crab leg special at New York New York for $14.99 at their cafe!""At America?""Yeah, let's go there!"OOooooooooooooooooooooookay. Now, I've been to America (the cafe at NYNY) before, but I was liquored up when I went, so I vaguely remembered it and decided to be okay with it.The food wasn't TOTALLY mediocre. I had the Buffalo Chicken sandwich and it was nice and spicy. Just the right amout of kick. Not atomic, but not wimpy. The folks were disappointed that they had missed the steak and crab leg special, but went with the graveyard steak special for $12. They were pleased. There's not really very much to say about America. It's a 24-hour cafe in a casino, and you get that kind of food. If I had a half-star to give, I would call it 3.5 start, because the service was speedy and friendly. But if you're going here, just accept that you are because it's there and convenient, not for culinary greatness.
5	Awesome rib eye steak!!! Service was great!!!
1	Cold eggs. Crappy sevice. Rude manager. NEVER AGAIN!!!!
5	Definitely eating here again next time I stay in Vegas.  Finally a place with reasonable prices!  Very cool decor, good food, good prices.. yep, I'll be back.
1	Came down for dessert. Took us nearly 20 minutes to get a slice of cheesecake and a bowl of ice cream. Unbelievably slow service. The 2 servers were completely overwhelmed. Where was management? They should have been helping. Food wasn't bad and decor is cool.  Bad service seems to be a theme throughout the New York New York.
2	I have been to NYNY several times and on several trips we've thought about eating here but we always end up going somewhere else b/c the prices seem kinda high for what they actually give you. If a side salad cost $7 - seems suspect when I can go to outback and order a real salad for $10.  anyway my bf was hungry and I didnt want the cranky to set in and we didnt want to go any farther than we already had at the hour. We probably couldve driven to Summerlin and been eating before out dinner came out here. SERVICE: ALARMINGLY SLOW. Couldnt believe it took SOOOO long. We got there around 645. It took over an HOUR to get our food. The place was kinda empty. I ordered a cobb salad and he ordered rice and shrimp. last time I ckd shrimp cooks really fast? so I dont knwo what took an hour other than poor communication. Theres someone to give you water, theres another person to give you your food, theres a differen person to take your order. We saw the water girl way more than we saw our server, which at this point we decided they jsut forgot to turn in the order and that must be why it took that long. the table in front of us had more people, sat down after us and ate and left and we still had yet to take our first bite. sad. FOOD: the plate was ok, not anythign I'd order again. THe bacon was good and crunchy which I like but oh so greasy. . to the point it made me sick. i wasnt alone... my bf felt fine till I gave him a bite of the bacon oops I mean grease with bacon. ah .. lets put it this way. the food @ Hard Rock Cafe was way better and we all know they arent known for great cuisine.  would I come back? no I would not. Its a 24 hr place but so is walmart and mcdonald's.
1	The only reason I'm giving this restaurant one star is because of our waitress who went out of her way to make my mother's meal free. Other than that, I regret having ever ate at this place. Sure the big map of America is nice to look at, but out of the four of us only my boyfriend's mother liked her food...and she got mac & cheese which is hard to mess up. It took about 45 minutes for our food to come out and when it did it was luke warm. I got the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was gross and dry. I asked for more buffalo sauce and they brought me out a bowl of tasteless sauce that had been watered down one too many times. I definitely learned from my mistake and will not be returning here by choice.
5	server : DeniseDenise was extremely nice!!! If anyone from this restaurant every looks at these reviews please give Denise some appreciation because she was so nice to us and we most def enjoyed her!!! We had a very long day and we wanted to eat before we took our road trip back to San Diego. We stopped by this place cause a friend discovered this place a couple of nights back. It wasn't too far from our hotel,Excalibur.The only problem I had was with the host. They didn't seem approachable and I felt as if we ruined their day when we walked in.. So that was my only downfall for this place... Food was so good! Lots and Lots of comfort food! I love the macaroni and cheese! Their chicken fried steak was good but nothing out of the ordinary. Prices are reasonable..What do you expect though, its Vegas. Lol :)  Will most def come back again on my next vegas trip! :)
3	Cheap for vegas. Quality is on level with dennys
2	I don't know what happened to this place over the years but it was quite a disappointment coming back here recently and seeing the change. Do not come here unless you are desperate because everything else has closed within the hotel and you are too tired to go walking down the strip, like me! Also, don't come here unless you have at least an hour to waste while you are waiting with hunger pangs for your food. I came two times during my last trip because I had booked a stay within NY NY which happens to be my favorite hotel in Vegas. I have always liked the food at America and service was always decent.Both times I came recently were just terrible. The first time we waited exactly 40 minutes for our food. Our waiter seemed to make jokes over the fact that he moved verrrrrrrrrrrrrry slooooowwww. Well he wasn't joking. It ended up being true. It was not busy as this was around 2am. Another time we decided to try again for breakfast, hoping the first disaster was just a fluke. The waitress was not very friendly and she never came around. She didn't even serve us our food or give us refills. We had several other people come around to do her job. The thing is, she wasn't even busy. She only had two tables. The place was dead. There is no excuse for terrible service like this.Also, there was a very obnoxious drunk girl yelling at the bar for the entire time we had to wait for our food to arrive. At first this all seemed slightly amusing, I mean it IS Vegas. However, after awhile it was annoying and none of the staff seemed to give a darn about her behavior. No one told her to pipe down. She just sat there putting on a drunken show for the entire place, cussing and showing undies and falling off the bar stool. I guess this is what keeps the staff awake at 2am. Who knows. The food has also decreased in taste and quality. Too bad. I used to really look forward to this place back in the day for some great steak and eggs at 3am. Never again.
4	I liked this restaurant. The BF had ate here before and wanted me to see the huge map. It was cool. I got the spaghetti and meatballs but changed it to angelhair instead which they did with no problem. It was a good meal. Had an awesome waiter.
2	This is not one of the better simple breakfast cafes in Vegas. Although the decorations inside are cute (huge USA map, etc.), it still has an odd feel to it inside. Not sure what it was - guess I thought that this place should have more people inside - especially considering every other place in Vegas is so packed.  The service was friendly, but the food was just lacking. I say skip it and eat your breakfast elsewhere.
2	There are some things that are a cardinal sin of a 24/7 Diner Restaurant...I can accept Farmer Brothers Coffee (or whatever your low grade Joe happens to be).  I cannot accept whatever java dung I was served with my all you can eat pancakes.  I'm sorry America this is a deal breaker.  I was good with your diner food  but what was poured in my coffee cup tasted like a dry roasted turd.
2	Came here for breakfast on a Saturday. We got a table right away, that was the only fast thing about our meal. We waited probably close to an hour for our breakfast. I gobbled my meal up not because it was amazing but after that long wait- I was starving. In addition, the runner spilled the syrup on the pancakes and said he would be right back with fresh ones but never came back. The coffee was not tasty. I suggest you visit the host of other breakfast places in LV besides here.
3	This place is nothing fancy, but doesn't pretend to be. I think foreign visitors and families with children might get a bit more out of the decor and USA trivia on the menu, but the place is designed to be a diner and as such, it fits the bill just fine. The breakfast menu is ordinary (eggs, pancakes, etc), but executed just fine. The service was friendly and efficient. The prices were decent. In short, good place to get a quick bite, but nothing for a foodie to drool over.
3	A decent joint for typical American food.  Good service.  Not awesome, but a good spot if you're craving food and in the neighborhood.
4	Don't sleep on America, y'all... I went last year and they had a great all you can eat pancake plate for cheap. This is also a place where you can get a steak and crab legs plate as well. I loved it for the price and corny "Americana" decor. It was fun and food was delish.
4	This place is easy on the wallet and serves decent food when compared to most Las Vegas venues. The servers seem to be on the ball as well.I had a Western Omlette that was ok and a Cheesburger and nachos that were ok during my two visits.I will definately head back here if in the area during my next Las Vegas visit.
5	OK, if I had read these reviews first I would likely have never eaten hear.  Seems too many of the other reviews are high maintenance snobs who expect everything in Las Vegas to be gourmet.  This restaurant was a solid choice three times during my stay at NYNY.  The first time, we were so taken by the portions and freshly prepared food, that we came back twice in 3 days.  When my friend ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs, I expected a frozen patty drowned in gravy, instead he got a large TENDERIZED FRESHLY BREADED fried steak that covered 2/3 of the plate!  The portions are enough to keep you from eating at pricier places while you take in the strip.  We dined here at noon and literally didn't eat again until 8pm.  The staff was friendly and fun.  The manager visited the table and was genuinely interested in us and our experience.  Very refreshing, it wasn't a canned greeting, it was a conversation!Conclusion, it's worth the stop for a filling and satisfying meal that will allows for a friendly atmosphere to unwind in before the action that is synonymous with Las Vegas.PS- The bloody mary's were a deliciously spicy start to the meal
4	boo hoo.....leaving NYNY and vegas, so we ate here for our last breakfast. it reminds me of America...pretty standard breakfast options, basic belly filling food. the giant map of America is really cool. i had the veggie omlette and my wife had the veggie frittata. both were actually very good and easier on the wallet than alot of places. our server was perfectly friendly and made us feel welcome. kept the coffee and water coming. i'm glad we came here and would come back.
3	Decent food and cheap beer on happy hour/reverse happy hour. It was in our hotel, the NY NY, and after the Las Vegas Rock N Roll half marathon, I was not up for walking very far. Great place to grab a decent bite and some drinks.It's large and more like a chain cafe/bistro/neighborhood bar and grill kind of place, but it was decent and had cold beer. If it were anywhere else, it would be pretty lame and get a lower rating. Staff was helpful/friendly and food was decently priced.
1	Do not eat here.  The pancakes were old and cold - just run away
2	.strolling through the Casinos, "America" caught our eye and decided to have Sunday breakfast.  I wanted to order a healthy meal so I chose the "eqq-white omelet with the vegetable fritatta".  The omelet was fried in oil, but it wasn't greasy.  Serving size was medium (I estimate 3 eggs worth + 1 ounce of veggies).  My meal, to say the least was not memorable, and left me a bit hungry.  So I was glad that my meal came with a bowl of diced fruit.Servers seemed so rushed, but apologetic for being harry. I really felt so rushed and that they just couldn't wait to turn the table. Put it this way, they practically started clearing the table before I was through with my fruit bowl.  So much so that, when I lifted my arm to take a serving of fruit from the bowl, that by time my fork hit the dish, they had wisked away the fruit bowl and my fork ended up scooping air from the table.After receiving the check, they immediately took the canteen of coffee away.  I guess that was our cue to leave.  On the way out, with our check in hand and headed to the register, we decided to admire the globe on the ceiling (which was the restaurant main feature and what drew us in). After gazing upwards for 20 seconds, the hostess snapped the check from our hand and said, "i'll just ring you and if you can follow me, you can sign your bill".   Price for food/experience was not good.  My small meal + coffee + iced tea came to about 35 bux.  I would definitely NOT return and also NOT recommend to friends! There are better places to blow your money on.
2	my husband had an omelette that was good. i had a blt, a little on the small side for $10, but bacon was great. Our server was awesome!
4	In the 3 days I was in Vegas, I ate here 4 times.  I only discovered this place while staying at New York, New York Hotel and Casino.  It is the 24 hour restaurant right by the guest elevators.They have a very expansive menu, all relatively priced!  I ate the chili fries, the breakfast platter(twice), chicken fingers, and nachos.  The chili fries were the best!The only negative thing I would say is that the service was a little hit or miss.
2	hmmmm..  i dont think i should have expected too much, it was kind of like Zippys in Hawaii minus all the local food. The restaurant being in New York New York, I might have thought that all the restaurants are 5 star.. but perhaps i was wrong.Dont get me wrong, if you just got up and need a bite to eat, America is probably the perfect place, they serve you breakfast and coffee.. what more do you need..However being in vegas and all... perhaps i should have stuck to brunch at a 5 star restaurant!
2	Might as well have just walked across the street to Denny's.  This was really kind of icky.  I ended up getting their fancy oatmeal with maple syrup, soy milk and some dried fruit.  Crazy chewy fruit and when I put the soy milk in my coffee it never mixed - it just sat on top of the drink.  Eew.  jBut if you don't feel like leaving the hotel and need some sustenance, I suppose it would do in a pinch.Really the only thing it has going for it is the artwork that feels like it could fall on you at any moment!
4	I have to say this place is great after a night of drinking. I mean "Who isn't hungry after drinking?". I loved the chicken noodle soup with the club sandwich. I got carry out and took it right to my hotel room inside NY NY. The service was quick and the food was awesome. Thanks America!
3	Don't go here expecting a lot. It's essentially an I-Hop but it's a decent breakfast for middle-of-the-road prices. I ordered French toast and coffee ad was satisfied.
3	Went here after a night out and the food was typical diner plates.  This was fine.  I enjoyed what I had: chocolate chip pancakes and a fruit plate.  I was irritated that their brunch menu was so limited.  What if I wanted waffles or french toast.  There were maybe 8 selections and not at all accommodating to someone who doesn't eat eggs or meat.  The ambiance was nice, the crowd was limited at the time I dined here and the waiter was attentive.  Overall, a decent place to catch a oversize meal after a night of drinking.
3	I really don't need to write a book for this one. It's a reasonably priced (give the location) decent breakfast. If your looking to be wowed, go somewhere else. If your looking for good service and a satisfactory breakfast with basic American fare, than this is your place.
2	I'm going to say the pluses of this place are the super cool map of the US.  I can never stop looking at it when i'm there, and the fact that it's 24 hours.  Other than that....the food is not great, and although the service is friendly, i kinda think they forget sometimes there are customers.  Only go for late night or desperate eating.
2	The best part of this restaurant was the awesome decor! There was a massive replica of the United States which was fun to look at! Other than that the food was sub-par. Our table ordered chicken noodle soup (which was good), a burger (that was overcooked, chicken tenders (that were more like chewy chicken nuggets), and biscuits and gravy that were okay but were luke warm. The service was bad. The location and lack of a wait time where a plus but we obviously know why there wasnt a wait time.
1	My first (and I hope only) 1 star review. As  a New Yorker, I am offended. I have never tasted worse diner food and at real restaurant prices! And, on top of that, the service is horrible. My boyfriend and I were one of only two tables filled and yet they still didn't have time to come over and take our orders, bring us our drinks, and get our orders correct. Never again.
1	Don't eat at this place. The decor and service was great but not enough to make up for the horrible food! Don't, and I mean don't order the country fried steak and eggs !! I only ate one bite and that was enough. Even the water left a bad taste in your mouth. Waste of time and money. Don't come here.
3	This place is OK. It was 1:00 AM on a Saturday night and we had just had a couple beers at Nine Fine Irishmen and wanted some food. We asked the concierge which restaurants were open this late inside the casino and she said America is open 24 hours and "it's like Denny's, but better."Not sure about the better part but it's definitely like Denny's. Just your basic greasy diner that serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner all day long. I was craving breakfast foods so I got the eggs, sausage, hash browns, and toast. Honestly it wasn't the greatest but it was good and it satisfied my hunger. My friends also ordered the french toast, turkey burger, and BLT and everyone thought their food wasn't bad. Service was OK, nothing to complain about. The prices are a little high but typical for a casino/hotel like New York New York. I guess the best part is that it's open 24 hours so if you don't want to leave the building, you can always eat here.
5	let me say that this place rocks when it comes to food and service esp the waitres Tiffini..... we had a HORRIBLE experience at Senor Frogs were starving and just wanted a variety to choose from fresh and good and this is what we got. they lost our ticket and it took a bit long we did not even mention a word but they comped our entire bill and the food was GREAT!
4	The Cobb salad was really good. Loved the balsamic dressing. Ask for Daryl. Best waiter ever because he used to be a butler!!! He is finishing law school. Nice man.
2	The service was curt, the food was basically Denny's quality, the prices were double what they should have been. The map was fun to look at, but I won't be back.
5	No doubt about this place being a 50 star restaurant I love the whole 24 hour everything breakfast by far the best in las Vegas located in the new York new York hotel and casino very friendly staff
2	I ended up TWICE here in one night and didn't particularly like either experience, BUT was forced to come here because of one thing:  Every other restaurant in NY NY stops serving food late and I needed a snack (then my friends met me and needed some sustenance too) so my option was America orrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr America.  So America it was.  The service late at night is awful, the bar drinks take FOR EV ER (and cost too much), the prices are crazy high for the quality of the food, and the overall vibe is kind of sucky too.  Everywhere else in NY NY has such a nice vibe (or at least A vibe), but America has a Denny's with a gargantuan map one.  It's a shame I spent so much money here.  In retrospect, I would've told my friends to suck it up and walk across the street to MGM to get something instead.  Now I know.
2	Just checked into our room at New York New York and the wife and I were hungry.  This was the first place we saw, heres how we did....When we walk up there's a sign of some exotic looking women and the sign said that she was working.  This was quite a draw, this women was stunning.  Although we were there for the food, why not something to look at as well.  We get seated and order some drinks.  After looking at the menu we realized that this place was just a cafe.  And where is this exotic employee?  Nowhere to be found.  BS.  A shit hole of a restaurant and misleading pictures.  I ordered the quesadilla and the lovely wife ordered the wings.  Both tasted like bar food......only worse.  I'm sure glad I had $30 left on a visa gift card otherwise I would've complained about the shit food.  The reason it was 2 stars instead of 1 is because our service was good and I was eating with a beautiful women.....my wife!Will I again?...  most likely not. Tootles!
2	My family and I were starving and there weren't that much restaurants opened at around 12am. This place looks so comfy, nice, clean, and looks like they have good food, but....The service was horrible, we waited for around 15 minutes just to order our food. The waiters were lazy like they don't feel happy serving us. It was really terrible. The worst case scenario was that It took around 1 hour for us to wait for the food.I will definitely NOT come back to this place. Nice huge map on the ceiling though.
1	Came here because we still had credit we HAD to use towards dinning. It was use it of Loose it. Oh how I wish we lost it.Walking in, you get the feel of Denny's meets Marie Calendars, meets Carrows. I ordered the Eggs Benedict, BF ordered an omelet, safe right? Omelet arrived, looked like a normal omeletEggs Benedict - hmm, hollandaise sauce was topped over the egg, but why did it not drizzle even a little down the egg? And what's this black stuff on the muffin, wait, they burned the muffin?! Can't be too bad since only ONE side was burnt. OK, I have this rule of taking back food, I TRY NOT to. I took one bite and seriously, all I tasted was the burnt of the toast. OK, take 2, can I get this fixed? Take 2- Manager comes out to apologize for the order. OK, muffin not burnt, but only a the tips of the crust seem to be a little charred. Bite- why is this muffin not toasted? hollandaise sauce was thick and gewey, tasted a bit mushy. Egg was a bit overcooked and hash browns were mushy on the outside. No amount of Ketchup could save them. Only hate 1/2 of one muffin.BF said his omelet was OK, but I guess his stomach didn't give the same reaction and suffered for 2 days after.Service was sub par. At least my meal was  comped.
4	Late night eats is a big deal in Vegas and if you find a spot that serves something epic at 4am in the morning after a night out with the fellas, you may end up there two nights in a row like us.Located inside New York New-York is a restaurant open 24 hours called America.  The theme is exactly that where there's a giant model of America floating above with states labeled according to specialty.  Our first visit was at 4am in the morning with only one other group in the restaurant.  There was a sign that advertised a 16oz Ribeye Steak Special for $12.99 from 12am-5am.Are you kidding me!  Forget the steak and eggs, get me the special!I ordered the Special, rare of course.  This steak was big!  It took up half the plate and was plump and juicy!  My steak was cooked perfectly!  A steak like this can easily go for $20-$25.  Check it out!  You won't be disappointed.
4	I came here twice during my stay in June.  (This review is really late because I forgot to finish it because I started it on my phone!)Actually three times if you count me ordering room service my first day and this being it..The first time was excellent!  Service was fantastic, hostess was very sweet and talked to me as I came in.  She actually seemed interested in talking and listening when I told her about my stay so far.  Coffee was delicious, good food (although I didn't love the fried eggs).  The restaurant is huge inside so there was no waiting .  Loved it!I came the next morning and got a completely different experience.  It was actually BAD.  Waiter didn't seem concerned about getting me anything in a timely fashion.  Again, the restaurant wasn't too busy, so there was no excuse.  My food was so bad and the eggs were so runny, that I had to send them back.  And I never send food back because I feel bad....Anyhow, I sent it back (after waiting forever to get the waiter's attention and instead I got the manager's attention).My food came back a second time partially cooked more, but still runny.  I hate the runny white part in eggs over medium.  It was pretty gross.  I couldn't eat it and was starving by then, so I just ate the toast and bacon.My toast was ice cold.  The butter wouldn't even melt on it.I was told there wasn't any creamer for the coffee, and instead they brought me a cup with milk in it.  I ended up not drinking my coffee at all.I was ready to rip this place apart....Then I asked the waiter for the bill since he didn't seem to get the hint that I had been sitting there forever waiting for it.  And he told me the manager covered it and not to worry about it.Fortunately for me, I didn't have any cash and couldn't even leave him a tip.  Not that he deserved a dime.So because the manager at least had the common courtesy to cover my breakfast, I didn't give them the 1 star I had planned....I'm not sure if I'd come here again.....I might try it once more....
1	The service was really bad. If you don't like working the late shift then don't work the late shift??? I requested them to toast the bread on my sandwich and the server said he could not?My fries were overcooked or the fry oil needed to be changed. They were open 24 hours which makes me feel bad for all the other patrons.The design of the place was really nice hence the 1 star.
2	Let's be honest-- the food sucks. The menu offers typical diner food at higher prices than your local Denny's and is just as awful. Before dinner, our waitress brought us soft dinner rolls with butter that my son really enjoyed. I ordered the pot roast dinner which consisted of mashed potatoes, onions, carrots, and roasted potatoes -smothered in gravy. Strangely enough, there was one thing missing-POT ROAST. In this bowl of slop, I did detect one piece of something that resembled meat..... I think. My daughter and aunt ordered the brick oven pizza  The pizza was not bad---and is the only reason I didn't give this place one star.My youngest daughter ordered the spaghetti and meatballs off of the kids menu. The sauce wasn't anything special- but the meatball was decent.  Service was mediocre, with several servers taking turns bringing out food at different times. I would not recommend this place to my enemies. There has to be better options than this crap hole.
1	I ordered fish and chips and I have to say the food SUCKED. the fish was terrible and the cole slaw had no flavor.
4	Jesus man. Finding a 24 hour cafe like in  a casino is like pulling teeth! But of course NYNY does not disappoint and we finally found America to curve our 3am cravings. I must say the prices were pretty good for Vegas too. They have a really cool large map sculpture of the United States on the ceiling. I had the Empire State Plate which is a breakfast plate with two eggs, hashbrowns, sausage, and toast. Everything was cooked just right. It was really good!!! My husband got a hamburger that he felt was just average. We had a great waiter who was kind and he always made sure we had what we needed. The only things that was slightly annoying was that the place was pretty dead and it took forever to get our food! I don't know what the hold up was considering there as not alot of other people in the restaurant. That is why I am deducting a star. Other than that is was a great place for late night eats with good competitive prices. I will go back.
3	God bless America!!! Haha, but no, seriously... God bless the America restaurant at the New York New York Hotel & Casino. During my recent trip to Vegas, I was appalled to find that the only 24 hr dining options at Excalibur (where I was staying) and Luxor were McDonald's and Krispy Kreme. My wife and I were in search of late late night/early morning dining that was more substantial that doughnuts or a gut-bomb burger. We were perplexed and nearly gave up when we literally stumbled upon America. The food was average... nothing special. Large breakfast menu, some hot sandwiches and burger, and a small dinner menu (maybe they had more, but I may not have been given the "dinner" menu). Our waiter was awesome. He struck me as a little.... slow, but he was an amazing human being and a fantastic waiter! Our food took a little longer than I would expect for 0400, but beggars can't be choosers. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger with fries and my wife ordered The Empire State Plate (two eggs, sausage or bacon, hash browns, and toast). Sarah LOVED her meal... she thought the hash browns were amazing and so were the eggs. My burger was rather unremarkable, but I don't consider that a bad thing. The restaurant is great for that late night meal that you crave after hours of sitting at the casino tables and our waiter was amazing and got a big tip. Three stars for being open late night, but couldn't quite bring myself to give 4 because the food took a while to come out and I would compare it to Denny's quality.
1	On our last night in Vegas, we decided to have one last meal.  On our way back to our hotel (Excalibur) we passed through the NYNY.  Did a search on the restaurants in NYNY and found that America was the only non bar open at that time (1 am).  Menu looked decent, certainly appeared to be better than McDonalds.  Hostess was nice, we were seated right away.  Waiter comes and takes our order, and then we wait.  And wait.  And wait.  45 minutes passes, no food, and I haven't seen our waiter in at least 25 min.  I flag down the hostess, who says she will find out what is going on.  About 3 min later I see our waiter saunter in from out of the restaurant.  He goes to the back, and surprise surprise, our food is ready!I had ordered a burger, my wife the night's special, a sirloin steak, medium well.  The steak was burned to a crisp, definitely medium well.  My burger, while it did not appear burnt, tasted burnt.  The bun was soggy as well.  Not what we expected after waiting 45 min.  We contacted the manager who was very apologetic, and offered to get us some cold sandwiches from the menu.  We declined and he did not ask us to pay for the meals.  He said that he would be talking to the cook about it.We will not be going into this restaurant on our next Vegas trip.  Seriously, you are better off going to Denny's or McDonalds if you are hungry late at night.
3	I can only vouch for their breakfast but it was good.  The eggs and bacon were cooked to order and the whole meal was generally far less greasy than what I've experienced at many diner type restaurants.  The coffee wasn't too bad.  Not horribly overpriced but keep in mind, this is Vegas.That map is insane.
1	America?????  I think not.  This place SUCKS!  The waitress was uber rude and uber slow.  I felt like I was doing her a favor by coming in there.  The food was mediocre at best too.  Eaters beware.  Don't be allured by the flashy faux USA on the ceiling.  You are being lured into a trap!Remember what the mosquito said right before he reached that bright light?.....ZAP!  I think you get my point now :)
3	ok, so the family decides to eat locally at the resort they are staying at.  America was the choice, I had the steak and eggs which was ok, i made it clear that i need my steak well done which was far from that, I ate the edges and corners and gave the rest of it to hubby. Duuuuude i made it clear i am prego and cannot have raw meat!!!!! really? u serve it bloody!!!  Hubby got the club sandwich which was good.  Its kinda hard to F up a club sandwich. Would not come back cause they had ok food and really bad service
4	The place is perfect for families looking for a fun place to eat on a budget. The food was great for the price and it had a great atmosphere. The staff was very attentive, kind, and friendly and that's all I ask for.The restaurant doesn't WOW you strictly by the food, but overall it's a great place for a casual dinner in the New York, New York hotel. I would suggest this place to friends!
4	I had way too much fun here! I was in Vegas on business, so a friend met me at the Monte Carlo and we walked over to New York, New York for a change of scenery and pace. We found America after wandering around the casino and hotel a bit, and we decided to give it a try. Between the two of us we split an appetizer and an order of fish and chips - and everything tasted great! We also came earlier in the night - comparatively! - so we didn't have much trouble with service, but I liked it a lot. I'd have wanted to try out some of the drinks, but again - unfortunately there on business. Maybe another time!
2	The food was good.Food delivery was extreamly slow.Our server was good.  But between our order and the delivery of our food we could have lost a grand inside the casino.The food was good. But it is not worth the wait.PS: The restaurant was not busy at all.
4	this place is just awesome. my family always eat here when we visit Vegas. even if we're not staying in NYNY.
3	Mid Juicy NYNY restaurantThis was our last dinner for 2012 before we kicked off the 2013 new year. I thought the map was cool on the ceiling. The decor wasn't bad for the holiday season. They  had some 2013 hats and headbands and trumpets. Overall the food was ok.We got their special prime rib which was pretty good. The southern fried chicken was not good, it was dry and hard to eat. Service was decent but not over the top. Food definitely was slow to come. It's a decent place to eat when you have nowhere to go and you're staying at NYNY. I'ts definitely not a restaurant to visit on purpose.
2	The huge map of the U.S. is the best thing about this restaurant. The coffee is terrible & the food is outrageously over-priced - although, it is a casino restaurant so I shouldn't expect better. I ordered french toast (which was almost $10, just for two slices of french toast - no eggs, no bacon, no other food included) and it was absolutely terrible.  It was basically bread smothered in cinnamon.  If this meal wasn't being comped by the casino, I would have been very upset.  The only upside about this restaurant is the service.  Our waitress was very nice & she is the only reason this place is getting two stars.  The price just isn't worth it.  We ended up paying $30 for two to eat breakfast (which was part of a $50 meal voucher we received from the casino for staying in the hotel) and then had to eat again afterwards because the food was so terrible.  Walk the 10 minutes to Denny's.
3	Awesome service on a Sunday morning.  Food is slightly above average coffee shop type fare.  The theme has seen better days but for a quick bite, it's fine.
1	I went back four years later to taste the Bloody Mary again before flying back home. This time, it was a huge and disappointing mistake that left me vomiting at the airport and upon immediate arrival back home. Incidentally, Sigi was our server again! And as sweet as ever. But the fact that they bring out the food on trays with sterling silver covers over everything like it is that one "Be Our Guest" scene in Beauty and the Beast does not change the reality of the situation, which is that the food there looks, feels and tastes like an abomination that was relegated from a preschool arts and crafts class. My chicken noodle soup was curiously sweet, with dirty carrots and undercooked macaroni, all of which had settled to the bottom. The spicy buffalo wings were completely dry with pepper flakes thrown on them, and one broke into two soft lumps with some brown stuff that came out of it. You could take any seasoned inmate there and even he could tell you that it is worse than prison food. I know, because I did. Just kidding. But that is the only part I am joking about, because I suffered for the twelve hours afterwards. Skip America and grab a bagel or something.
4	I know you'll think I'm crazy when I tell you that my 8 year old son and I went to Las Vegas. But, we did and we had a lot of fun.Part of the fun was going to America, a restaurant in the New York New York Hotel and Casino. It is in a quiet location, away from all the noise of the casino and the more boisterous tourists.The service was very friendly, and the meal was great. We shared crab legs and steak, and we both walked away happy. And, the 3D map on the ceiling of the United States made for interesting conversation the whole time, too.
4	I don't know why this doesn't get better reviews, still a great breakfast especially considering the price.  My GF got one of their omelet creations and I got a Belgium waffle with strawberries, everything was very fresh and portions more than plentiful.  I think that the decor is a nice touch as well.Definitely my fave breakfast joint in Vegas.
5	The BEST fish and chips.... I have ever had in my life.... Lol no joke.
4	Like a few of the other Yelpers,  I was surprised this restaurant did not have higher ratings.  I noticed many of the unhappy Yelpers  complained about the breakfast service and food, so that may be why our experience was much better since we went during dinner on a weekday night.  Our server was Tha and he was very professional and made sure we were taken care of.  They had a kids menu complete with crayons which made our son very happy.  He brought out juice in a kids cup also which was a plus since we were inside a casino and have not found many places that catered to children during this trip.  The large 2-D map on the ceiling captured his interest for a long while too.  We ordered the kids cheeseburger and fries for our son, which came on a wheat bun and served with potato wedges.  The bf ordered a patty melt and fries.  I had the catch of the day, very fresh grilled salmon in a chili glaze with seasoned rice and fresh sauteed vegetables.  I was hungry and the portion was a bit small, so a cup of soup or salad included probably would have satisfied me.  The cousins ordered nachos and the steak and crab leg special which they did enjoy.  We were able to catch up with each other for over 2 hours without feeling rushed.  This is one of the few places we will return to when wanting to eat at a restaurant inside any casino.  The food is decently priced, fresh, and tastes decent.  When we used our comp to pay for our bill, Tha never bristled like a few of the servers at the other places did.  Since he provided excellent service, he received a large tip.  That is what servers need to realize, even though the meal is comped, if you provide good service, most people will still tip you, and leave much more than usual since they did not have to pay for the meal.  I used to be a server so I know this for a fact!  It is all about the attitude and service next to the food.
1	I went for breakfast, and although the servers are perfectly friendly and helpful, the food was lukewarm, overpriced, and far from delicious. Honestly, if you're looking for diner food, you'll do much better at Dennys. I did.
4	I went to Vegas for my parents wedding. I was here in late March and I was excited because I knew how many people said that Vegas is a very good city for food. My dad wanted to stay at New York New York. I ate at about 5 restaurants there. I've been checking the reviews of America and other hotel restaurants and they were pretty critical. I went here twice. The first time was a Friday noon and I got the Margarita Pizza. Even though it was Vegas, it wasn't to sure about how good it was. It was actually deep dish style instead of the brick oven style. My step-mom's friend, Ann is from New Jersey and to her it was all about the crust. She liked it. To me, it was all about the toppings like the tomato sauce or the cheese. The pizza was excellent and when my dad tried it, he was in pizza heaven. The second time I tried it was was the morning we left on Sunday. I had French Toast with cinnamon and sugar. That was good also. The bread was soft, it melted in your mouth and the cinnamon and sugar made it sweet which made all those flavors work perfectly together.
3	Food was good but service somewhat slow. Good Bloody Mary's but they were missing pickles which is essential in my opinion. Not too expensive and fun open environment.
3	$12.95 ribeye from midnight to 5am!  I love my deals and I thought the ribeye was great for the price.  I came here late at night for dinner and shared the ribeye and chicken wings.  I surprisingly loved both.  The chicken wings were tender and of great flavor.  The 16 oz ribeye was pretty juicy and quite delicious!  Our waitress was really kind and attentive to our table.  I'd definitely come back here again for lunch/dinner or even late night grub.
3	It was the only decently quiet location in NY NY on a Thursday night at 1230 am, so it was exactly what I needed. I had two vodka sodas, and a turkey burger with fries. It was definitely edible, not the best thing known to man, but it served my needs at the time (returning from a flight and hungry).
4	While I didn't eat much here, I accompanied a friend who had just arrived in Vegas and snacked on a few of her fries. The fries, which were more like jojos, were delicious!But the best part about this spot is that it was one of the few quiet places on the Strip to just sit back and enjoy talking to a friend. Nothing fancy but perfect for what we needed that night.
3	This is a solid 24 hour casino coffee shop type place in NYNY, but it's not overwhelming.  I had breakfast one morning at the cafe, and service was very quick.  I ordered the bagel sandwich, which has eggs, bacon, ham, and cheddar cheese.  It comes with hash browns.  The only hot sauce America has is red Tabasco, which I don't care for by itself.  So, the waiter asked if I would like to try their salsa.  I said I would.  The salsa wasn't bad, it actually had a little spice.  It's thin, so it was hard to get on the sandwich, I basically had to dip.  I was annoyed when the bill arrived and I had a $1.50 charge for the salsa.  It's not that I care about paying $1.50, but he offered like he was doing me a favor and didn't mention it was an additional charge.  I would have still said yes, but I feel like you should give diners a heads up when there is a charge that's not on the menu directly in front of them.The sandwich was large and did not stay together well.  The bagel was grilled, but not toasted.  I would have preferred it toasted for a more consistent result.  The shaved ham overwhelmed the sandwich, which is too bad because the bites I did get with bacon were very good.  The hash browns had a decent sear to them, they clearly were cooked well.  It's not fantastic, but a decent value if you are in need of a quick and casual meal.  Also, the map of the USA around the restaurant is pretty cool.
5	Great variety of delicious food at reasonable prices (especially for the strip) ...this coming from a Vegas local!  Great service, very attentive!!!  Ask for Joe (bartender)
1	I came here a while ago and I was browsing for places on yelp for my next Vegas trip so I thought I'd write a review about my experience while I was looking. First off, I got sick eating here. That should be a red flag to people considering the place, but it honestly could have what I ordered. Wanting to be cheap I got the roast beef sandwich. The sandwich was served cold which was fine with me. But it tasted very strongly of horseradish to the point where the store bought roast beef and veggies were sort of overpowered. That was also fine. I thought it'd at least make the sandwich taste like SOMETHING, but not to long into my meal and I felt a strange gagging reflex and a rumbling in my tummy. The meat seemed to have gone bad and it was very well masked by the aforementioned horseradish. I spent the night with an upset stomach and a bit of heaving.Just do yourself a favor when you're in Vegas and choose your dining establishment with at least as much care as you would place on a table game.
3	So, I notice that they have remodeled this place since last year. They added a ice cream parlor & donut shop and that's dessert on your way out the door. They always have great dinner and late night snack deals on a daily basis. It's open 24 hrs and I've always have good experiences here. Im a fan
3	Food was okay but nothing great, Service was kind of slow, I think New New York has to step it up a notch in order to get the quality in great standing since Vegas is known for outstanding food and service!!!
4	Fun place to hangout at, and they have this really cool bridge.........lol
4	Stumbled into the America around 4am after a night out which lead to morning at Marquee. I was staying at NYNY so finding a decent place to eat a real meal was key for me and my friend. We were seated right away... Of course, the restaurant was hardly busy. Only a few tables were occupied. Our waiter brought us water right away before we could ask so it was perfect. I'm sure he's seen it hundreds of times... The need to hydrate in Vegas is of the absolute importance. Ha!I opted for the bagel mania which is a grilled NY style bagel sandwich with bacon, eggs, ham and good ol' american cheese. It was delicious not only cause I was starving at the moment but the combination of ingredients was perfect. The cheese topped off the bacon, eggs and ham. And all those things were encapsulated in a perfectly crisp on the outside, soft on the inside grilled bagel. Delicious... It was just what i needed. It came with country style potatoes. That was pretty good too.My friend got a rib eye steak and eggs. Loved it and scarfed it like it was the last meal on earth.... Satisfied customer.Our waiter was real cool. Bill was under $25 with tip. Yes, please... Thank you America, I luh you.
3	On our first night getting into town, my buddy and I were pretty exhausted and didn't feel like venturing out to find food on the Strip, so we swung by America after getting out stuff up in the room. Not really too much to look at - typical diner-style restaurant with a lot of American maps and ethos painted on the walls. We came in pretty late when it was empty, so we just slipped onto a couple of the bar stools at the front. The beer selection is pretty standard, but not expensive, and the liquor selection is quite extensive. I ordered your standard breakfast - eggs, bacons, toast, etc. - as a late-night snack, and it came out pretty much as you'd expect. In all - a decent place to grab a bite within NY-NY, but nothing more than that.
3	Great place for late night food when at NYNY.   Breakfast items and burgers are better than expected for a casino casual diner.
4	The food was pretty good but it was a bit overpriced. Banana pancakes are delicious!
2	A group of us [More than 25 people ] were looking for somethings that would accommodate everybody's budget. America's was suggested by one who lived in Las Vegas. The restaurant managed complied with the group , accommodating us in 2 large tables which was nice. We were in the back of the restaurant so we were secluded from the Casino and noise. The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace. However the food was preorder as shared plates , so they knew will ahead of the quantity and type of food. Food:Appetizers:Potato Fries - Garden Salads - Mozzarella fried Cheese.. Fried Chicken wings.. Noting spectacular. I would have expected more from a restaurant hotel. but but looking through the dated decor of the hotel in general and the restaurant in particular , I wasn't excepting much.Main Dishes: Salmon topped with a slab of Ketchup - Fried spaghetti and Lab chunks -- Again .. Oily and loaded with Salt.. Salmon with Ketchup === Seriously [ Not even a sauce from a can ] Desserts : Hard as a rock, brownies , Chocolate chip cakes- Cheesecakes  and fried small apple fritters.. Again .. Not Dessert worthyHigh Notes: Cheap !!! If you don't want a burger at night, go there, but I can guarantee that you will be more happy and satisfied with a burger from Mcdonalds than eating at this diner.Low notes: Risk Factor for High Blood Pressure
2	Our last night in Vegas, out group of 10 needed to kill time before our red-eye flight so since we were already in New York New York gambling we decided to eat here (located right by the casino). The restaurant is huge and there is a giant map of the US on the ceiling with all of the famous things about each state.I got the salon entree with the spicy BBQ sauce on the side (I do not like BBQ sauce) and I gave that sauce to the boys which they loved and used it on their hash brown and steaks. The salmon was small and not the best tasting but the veggies that came with my plate was excellent! I even substitute my mashed potato's for them but the waitress forgot then realized it and brought me a side of veggies. The bf got the spaghetti and he didn't like it and had better. For both our entrees it cost us about $36...kind of pricey for okay food. Everyone else thought their food was okay but they did say that the jambalaya was spicy and delicious.
3	I have been to this place many, many times but this is my first review.  This is a great place when you want food quickly and don't want to wait for a reservation at the many other dining options inside the casino.  America has the look and feel of a traditional diner. I love coming in here for breakfast.  They recently re-did their corn beef hash and eggs dish and it was very good.  Overall, for great value and good service you really can't go wrong here.
1	Slow service. Water ordered before food, and when food showed up, and the one time the server checked in on us, showed up at the same time as the check. Briosh French toast is made on wonderbread, not Briosh.
3	The healthy veggie omelet was really bad.
3	Pretty good. Nothing to shout about. Alright breakfast but it's not a restaurant you'd be clamouring for. It's decent
3	Came here this morning to get a donut and coffee for my girlfriend who was still in bed because she wasn't feeling good. I get here at 6:45am. I try and order coffee and a cronut and the girl there tells me they are still closed. The resteraunt is opened 24hr, but the donut shop section opens at 7am wtf??? Doesn't make sense. This is Vegas, a 24hr city and the donut shop opens and 7am. It don't make sense. The girl agreed to sell me a cronut, but since she said her coffee wasn't ready, I went to Starbucks for the coffee, which by the way opens very early.You might want to change your hours. I saw people walking in for coffee and being told they were closed. So they went down to Starbucks.
4	I came here twice, once for breakfast and the same night for dinner.I loved my breakfast. The service here is very very pleasant, they are a bit slow however, happened both morning and night. I had eggs, hashbrowns, toast and orange juice. I ate everything and found it delicious. My bf was not a fan of the stuffed french toast however. I came back for dinner because at breakfast I saw they have a $15 steak and crab leg dinner. The dinner was good for $15. It came with a baked potatoe, salad or soup and bread. The steak was average but good enough for the price. The crab legs were pretty decent not the best but good. The potato was great. The salad was average. The bread was amusing. We didnt get it right away and we asked the waitress about it and she said she doesnt bring it out unless someone asks for it because she figures it is enough food and we wont need it. Ummm, yeah give me my bread. The bread wasnt very good but my bf ate it to spite the waitress haha. Dinner was cheaper than breakfast strangely.
4	Cronut?! Yes please. Walked the strip for the first time in who knows how long and ended up at NY NY so some peeps could ride the roller coaster. As I was aimlessly walking around I remembered that there was a donut spot at NYNY I heard about and they had cronuts.Staff - one of them was clueless but luckily another came and rescued her. How hard of a question is, "which donut do I need to try?" You should have a favorite and if you don't you should have one that you can pretend is your favorite to answer questions just like that. I pretty much knew I was going to try a cronut but thought it was worth asking in case she was like "OMG you have to try this one."Cronut - this looked more like the original cronut than the one i had at PB Doughnuts. It was really good. I thoroughly enjoyed it but it still felt like it was missing something. I guess I'll never know until I try the original. Maybe this was a dead ringer but in that case I would wonder what the craze was all about.Anyway, didn't eat anything else here but awesome little selection of donuts and I'll probably be back when I decide to go back to NYNY sometime.
3	This place literally screams out America.Ginormous donuts/cronuts out front. Steak/ Meaty meals w/ late hour deals. Not to forget the option of adding protein to your smoothies.This place isn't bad after coming back to the hotel at 3 in the morning and craving some cheap ribeye. The steak benedict was like a cute steak sandwich covered with strong hollandaise sauce. If you like salty, its definitely the right thing for you. But I really wanted to wipe off all the hollandaise sauce so I can just have a steak slider. The bacon on the other hand was some of the best I've ever had. It's better to just go simple here if you're craving a quick breakfast. Save your money for the rest of the casino.
4	I usually have breakfast here once a trip.  For a place right on the strip the prices are very reasonable.  Beyond that the food is good and the staff are friendly.
2	Low quality ingredients. Basic concept dishes. Nothing exciting but works in a pinch late at night.
2	This restaurant is ok. My husband and I stopped in here for dinner before heading to a show. I ordered the macaroni and cheese and was disappointed, ultimately it tasted like Velveeta shells and cheese but the shells were a bit larger. Now don't get me wrong Velveeta shells and cheese is great but I can buy that at my local grocery store for $1.50 where as this plate cost $10.95. I suppose I just expected a little more out of it. My husband ordered the slider trio (which was a fish taco, pulled pork on a biscuit and a beef slider) which he wasn't blown away by either.PROS: Their decor is cute, they have a giant map of America on the wall that highlights each state with something they are known for, example: Michigan had cars for the motor city. CONS: There were maybe a dozen people in this restaurant when we went (which didn't even fill a quarter of the tables) yet we had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. The hostess seemed frazzled so I can't imagine what it would be like if they were actually busy.TIPS: This city is filled with amazing restaurants, this restaurant is fine, but I personally would not go out of my way to eat here again :/
2	So here's the deal - the food may or may not be okay here, however the fact we had a Thanksgiving meal reservation here made us eager to find out.We had reserved online several days in advance, and even called to confirm the Thanksgiving menu went all day.  We were told "of course, why wouldn't it?" which just sounded like an I don't know or don't care answer so we asked again and got "yes, as we said the Thanksgiving menu runs through the entire day".  Even though said with a "now buzz off" type tone, we at least we're now confident.So we get there, show them the reservation and say we would like the Thanksgiving menu.  They said it did not start for 30 more minutes.  When we explained what we were told when we reserved, they said we could have the regular menu only and no we could not wait the extra few minutes to get what we had reserved for in the first place.Poor service.  So the food may or may not be good, but it wasn't like this was 10:15am or something.  We wanted what we had been told we could get  and went off to somewhere else where we had a 5 star Thanksgiving meal, even got in at rush time with no wait or reservation.Bad service is one thing, and I'll often forgive - misrepresentation or just not knowing is poor business.  Management here need to train their staff.We did not go back during our trip.  We had found other great places instead, the 2 stars is me giving the benefit of the doubt they can do better on non Hoildays.
3	I forgot I had done a review for this place. It's kind of become my (very) late-night spot after work. The food is still sturdy and the service is still nice, although it was a tiny bit slow last time I went. Plus, since Excalibur doesn't have 24 hour dining right now other than McDonald's, it's one of the better 24-hour options on the south end of the strip.
3	I didn't love this place but then again, I didn't hate it. The husband and I were just walking around in NYNY trying to stay dry from the rain that weekend. We were hungry but not starving so we wanted to grab something quick to eat. We walked by the America Restaurant and the cronut's at the entrance basically welcomed us in. We were quickly offered a table to sit at. The place itself is interesting looking. There is a HUGE United States 3D map. Looks pretty cool and it is def something to stare at for a while. The restaurant is pretty big but to my surprise was pretty empty too. We decided to just order appetizers and our waiter took our order. We ordered the potato skins because it caught our attention being that it had chorrizo. Took quite some time before our order came out, too long for a place that was empty and for an appetizer. The potato skins were interesting and unfortunately a bit on the luke warm side rather than hot. It tasted like it had refried beans, chorizo and sour cream. The chorizo was pretty good and it made the plate worth it. The price was fair and service was alright. As far as going back, probably not. We decided to not get a cronut on the way out since the food was just ok, we didn't want to risk a disappointment. The restaurant is sort of like a diner so if you are looking for diner food, they have it here. I did see a couple next to us share a sandwich and fries and boy was that a large order.
4	I've eaten here three times in one week while staying at the New York New York. This prices at this place are very reasonable amongst the Wolfgang Puck's and the grandiose buffets. The food here is typical American food (burgers, salads, pancakes) but it taste very fresh. I had a virgin guava daiquri and it was delicious. If I come back to Vegas again, I'll be eating here.
2	It was just ok. I had the $15 surf and turf. What can you really expect for $15. You get what you pay for. The apps were the best part. I thought the bruschetta was good.
5	Finally had my first Cronut!!!!! OMG YUM!!!!! Thank you America for these lovely pastries! We tried the original and the lemon and they were both delicious. And they better be for $3.50 a Cronut. I will most def be coming back for more.
1	There's absolutely no reason to eat here unless it's the only place that's open...and even then you may want to rethink your options.Service by the wait staff was fine...friendly and fairly attentive...service from the kitchen was quite slow.More importantly, the food was just plain 'blah'. And at $20 a head for breakfast it should be a lot better than 'blah'.
2	The environment is good but the food is a bit disappointing. The steak is too small for its price. The pasta is really a mass, can't finish even a half.
4	Items sampled:CoffeeFrosted Flake French ToastMonte Cristo - Black Forest Ham, Sliced Turkey, Gouda, BriocheApple FritterBoston Cream - Chocolate Iced, Custard Cream FilledMonkey-See Monkey-Donut - Bananas Foster-Filled with Chocolate Icing, Toasted NutsNutella CronutCandy Cake - Chocolate Cake Donut, White Sprinkles, Chopped Reese's Peanut Butter CupsProbably not the first place on most Las Vegas gourmand agendas, the 24/7 "America" at New York-New York Casino had always interested me if only for its kitschy design plus one of the city's few Monte Cristo sandwiches, but it was not until I heard about the restaurant's in-house donut program that I finally committed to an early morning visit; the expansive restaurant largely unoccupied as servers joked around at the bar while "American" Top-40 played from speakers hidden by the enormous map of the good ol' USA.  Featuring a menu of expectedly American classics ranging from pancakes and waffles to country fried steaks and eggs it was with a bit of disdain that I arrived to find the Monte Cristo now relegated to the 'lunch' menu but happy to accommodate given the restaurant's 24-hour nature it was with a simple request that the sandwich was prepared and arriving on a covered plate alongside the Frosted Flake French Toast both dishes would prove competent , though nothing to write home about, with prices and portions both in line with other Las Vegas Boulevard breakfast joints thus leaving plenty of stomach space for a sampling of the restaurant's deep fried dough.  Featuring no less than a dozen different varieties with three cronuts plus fritters, crullers, filled, raised, cake, and fancy on display it was with a bit of indecision that I pondered my options and eventually settling on a few personal favorites plus those most interesting a quintet was selected at a total of $12.50 and aside from the lackluster, artificial banana flavor of "Monkey See, Monkey Do-nut" the results were very impressive indeed; the 'cronut' as close to Dominique Ansel's original in texture as I've found (a plus for those seeking authenticity, though I still prefer Coco's rendition to both,) the Boston Cream featuring surprising subtle custard inside a delicate yeasty pocket, and the apple fritter rife with fresh fruit beneath a delicate sugar crunch plus plenty of cinnamon rivaling some of the finest I've ever sampled; the best in Las Vegas by far.
4	(Note, there are two listings for this same restaurant on Yelp - the other is listed as "America Restaurant" http://www.yelp.com/biz/america-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:Jf3KrDuLYfIVeMXPEYZKEw/)Items sampled:CoffeeFrosted Flake French ToastMonte Cristo - Black Forest Ham, Sliced Turkey, Gouda, BriocheApple FritterBoston Cream - Chocolate Iced, Custard Cream FilledMonkey-See Monkey-Donut - Bananas Foster-Filled with Chocolate Icing, Toasted NutsNutella CronutCandy Cake - Chocolate Cake Donut, White Sprinkles, Chopped Reese's Peanut Butter CupsProbably not the first place on most Las Vegas gourmand agendas, the 24/7 "America" at New York-New York Casino had always interested me if only for its kitschy design plus one of the city's few Monte Cristo sandwiches, but it was not until I heard about the restaurant's in-house donut program that I finally committed to an early morning visit; the expansive restaurant largely unoccupied as servers joked around at the bar while "American" Top-40 played from speakers hidden by the enormous map of the good ol' USA.  Featuring a menu of expectedly American classics ranging from pancakes and waffles to country fried steaks and eggs it was with a bit of disdain that I arrived to find the Monte Cristo now relegated to the 'lunch' menu but happy to accommodate given the restaurant's 24-hour nature it was with a simple request that the sandwich was prepared and arriving on a covered plate alongside the Frosted Flake French Toast both dishes would prove competent , though nothing to write home about, with prices and portions both in line with other Las Vegas Boulevard breakfast joints thus leaving plenty of stomach space for a sampling of the restaurant's deep fried dough.  Featuring no less than a dozen different varieties with three cronuts plus fritters, crullers, filled, raised, cake, and fancy on display it was with a bit of indecision that I pondered my options and eventually settling on a few personal favorites plus those most interesting a quintet was selected at a total of $12.50 and aside from the lackluster, artificial banana flavor of "Monkey See, Monkey Do-nut" the results were very impressive indeed; the 'cronut' as close to Dominique Ansel's original in texture as I've found (a plus for those seeking authenticity, though I still prefer Coco's rendition to both,) the Boston Cream featuring surprising subtle custard inside a delicate yeasty pocket, and the apple fritter rife with fresh fruit beneath a delicate sugar crunch plus plenty of cinnamon rivaling some of the finest I've ever sampled; the best in Las Vegas by far.
3	During my stay on Vegas I came here three time and in all honesty it was because I was too lazy to walk out of the hotel since it was cold.1st time - breakfast, overall it was descent price but the quality of food was ok.2nd time - late dinner, decent price for food and the steak was actually yummy and better than ok.3rd time - they hosted the Super Bowl party loved the bottomless drinks but was sick as a dog that I couldn't enjoy the drinking and the finger/game food they had sucked. Totally, not worth the cost we paid.FYI - I'd compare this place to something like Denny's.
3	Every casino has a coffee shop/cafe, and this is NY NY's place.  A big restaurant and so far, I usually don't wait long to get a seat, unlike most of the other places.  I thought this is a bad sign, but was pleasantly surprised.  Nothing memorable here or to write home about, but the food is good and the menu is very adequate.  I would come back.
3	We went here for a late breakfast. I got a sirloin and eggs for breakfast. Partner got pancakes, eggs, hashbrowns, etc. Food was good. Wait service was prompt and attentive to our needs.When you walk in your see this awesome display of donuts and coffee. Upon being seated you see a full map of the US hanging from the ceiliing. Definitely keeps you occupied while awaiting your food. It is good for kids and big families. Doesn't seem too romantic of a place for a date though.
4	Disclaimer Alert:  This review is just on their donuts, not the main restuarant. That being said, by the looks of their menu, there's an extensive line of breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Prices look decent, especially since America is inside a casino.  We arrived around 7:30 AM and there wasn't much of a line.  So, I'm sure we'll be back one day for some real food. As for my review...it's all about their donuts. I tried their maple bar with chocolate drizzle and some of their cronuts.  The maple bar wasn't as good as it looks.  The donut wasn't fresh, it was lacking any flavor, and for about $3, way to expensive.  However, I think America's has some of best cronuts that I've had in Las Vegas. I have my favorite out there, but America had a unique taste to their's.  Their cronuts were layered with the outside of each layer having a crunchiness to them.  It was moist inside each layer and as you get closer to the center of this hybrid donut, it's even softer.  There's a uniquie citrus taste to these cronuts which appeals to me.  America may have bad maple bars, but sure made a huge comeback with delicious cronuts. PS:  Additional photos of America's cronuts can be found here.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/donut-crawl-ii-las-vegas?select=IWJfpUAAiQK3e4zSSwB2Wg#IWJfpUAAiQK3e4zSSwB2WgYELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (057/366)
5	Eggs Benedict was delicious with perfectly poached eggs. The hashbrowns were crispy. Service was fast and friendly always refilling and checking up on our table. Easy to find in the casino. Known for their baked goods. Reasonably priced compared to other strip restaurants.
3	This place is a typical diner.  We had breakfast here 2 days and it was ok - did the trick.  Our orders were incorrect and some of our eggs were a little runny.  But it was ok for breakfast.
1	I took the family for Easter dinner and was very disappointed!  The service was very slow and somewhat rude. I had a chicken parm and it was very mediocre. The chicken breast was over-breaded and very thin and the pasta was so over cooked it was one big lump.  Other reviews talk of the big mapbut when they seat you in the back next to the kitchen you aren't so impressed.  Of all the places in Vegas I have been this one is on the bottom of the list.
2	Probably one of the most horrible places we've been to in Vegas. The only reason we came here was because we all drove 5 hours and were dying of starvation... literally!First off, the service was horrible. The place was vacant and probably had 15-20 customers max, so I thought we were going to be tended to promptly. Nope we were wrong. We had to hail the waitress from across the room after we waited 10 minutes of getting seated. Did I mention we were dying of starvation?The food finally came and it kept going down hill from there. Here's a few of the dishes we tried:-Steak & Crab Legs: The Steak was so tough and gritty, it took my cousin almost 20 minutes to finish her steak. The Crab was still frozen. There were icicles still inside, inedible. -BBQ Ribs: Not bad, but not that great either. This was probably one of the mediocre dishes we had-Salads: We ended up getting a few of the salads (Asian Salad?). They were all horrible and had no taste what so ever. -Turkey Sandwich: How can you go wrong with a sandwich, it wasn't bad.Over all, this place deserves a 2 star rating entirely. We won't be back here again. I did like the fact that the manager did comp us some donuts , which were horrible also. BLAH!
3	During our stay at New York, New York we decided to have breakfast at America since it looked interesting from walking past. We showed up about the 11 hour and where seated quickly but the service from that point on was pretty slow. I wasn't too impressed by the decor of America, I had heard they had a large scale map of America displayed and it looked more like a geography project my nephew did back in the 5th grade, also wasn't too impressed with the price of breakfast for 3 since the food was just okay.. I was expecting too much from my croissant french toast ( no sides included) and was sadly disappointed. Side note ( don't get fooled by the  name of the specialty donuts at America, nothing special either)
3	Stopped by to eat with my wife and her nephew while staying at New York New York hotel and Casino.  We had walked past it a few times while either entering or leaving the hotel but it has closed the fire few times as it was after hours.  We came in to eat brunch, and the 3 of us were seated pretty quick.  Once seated my wife and her nephew went to use the restroom, and stayed behind.  Our server who took our drink order came back with only 2 sets of utensils instead of the 3.  We way looked at our menus (which I think were way too bland).After our orders were taken, the service got slow and I think if it wasn't for the 3 of us having our cell phones this wait would have been longer than we would have enjoyed...Thank you Interwebs!Our food finally had arrived and much like the menu, the taste was mediocre.  Nothing too way over the top to be memorable enough to be the best food ever and all.The Donut stand was also mediocre.  Not that great tasting, but the options were still interesting.
4	Came in for breakfast, and had the corned beef and hash. While the poached eggs were over cooked...the rest was excellent. Fast and attentive wait staff, and interesting decor of the U.S.
3	Yes this place is overpriced, yes this place is mediocre, and yes, this place in located in probably one of the worst hotels in Vegas (so sad because it was my favorite). However, they do have the ever so famous cronut, and I am now addicted. Having said that, I totally love this place!
3	This place is a good drunken breakfast stop. Unfortunately we weren't drunk. The food was still decent but nothing to write home about. All around the service and food was a solid average.The nice thing about the place was that it was so huge so it was good place to meet to start the day for our large group.Also the donuts are a tasty option.
3	Food here is expensive and not very good. It's a nice place to sit and sober up though which is why I give it 3 stars.
3	I'm reviewing the donut bakery not the restaurant. Presentation wise the donuts look so delicious.On the 2nd day of my visit I got the 7 for $12 deal. Bacon Maple bars, cinnamon roll donut, bear claw & glazed donuts. They were OK because they were cold and probably sitting out for awhile. I'm sure when they first come out they are delicious. I would suggest checking how fresh they are before purchasing.
3	Had breakfast there twice during our stay. The food was great, especially the omelets (asparagus & feta omelet-DELISH but didn't quite match the menu-few if any green onions & minimal dill) (wild mushroom omelet could have used more mushroom varieties) & pancakes, but the service lacked. The hashbrowns that accompanied the meals were excellent. The food came out quick & hot, but we were missing part of our order the first visit, delivered by a bus-boy or kitchen attendant, not our server. Our toast was missing butter. We were missing a side of bacon. We couldn't correct the issue because our server didn't follow-up until he brought the bill. The second day, service was better but our table was missing silverware (like knives for spreading jam... Which conveniently was also missing this day, but at least the bacon arrived & toast was buttered, and service was more thorough). Overall satisfied with the quality of food (4 stars), but 3 stars for the execution & service.
1	Overpriced omelet that was wayyy too eggy. OK, I get that an omelet is made of eggs... duh. But with an omelet, you have to have the right proportions of toppings to omelet, and in mine, there was just too much egg. Get this -- I paid $19 (service charge tacked on for 4 people eating, wtf) for a bad omelet, toast and potatoes!Service was slow. He was slow to bring the check, and never brought my water.The one thing America has going for it is convenience, with its location in NY NY. Maybe I should have stuck with their doughnuts, those looked appealing...
4	I went here because my boyfriend loves the ribeye deal. We went at 12:30am!!! I yelped the America before we got to NYNY and the reviews ranged from horrible to ok?!, egh, With a 3 star yelp rating. My rule is I wIll gIve It a try If rated 3 stars or more, so I was in!. Plus my boyfriend swore by the steak and its seasonings. At he restaurant,  host greeted us with a smile and we were promptly sat. :-) we already new what we wanted. The rib eye!!! I got mine med/rare with xtra seasoning on the side and baked potato. Our server jaime was friendly, helpful and quick. My steak was cooked perfectly! Sooo good and for only $14!!! Local discount another 10% off. From reading the reviews, seems like you should only go with the steak. I really enjoyed I will be back!!!
4	Yummy yummy. My BFF and I came in for breakfast. I loved their poached salmon and eggs -- under the "healthy" or whatever synonym they use for "healthy" menu. The food here is really affordable (within a $12-$20 range for breakfast and about the same for lunch). This place is really a steal, especially for locals because it's 10% OFF.AGAIN, THIS PLACE IS 10% OFF FOR LOCALS. THAT REALLY MEANS A LOT FOR A RESTAURANT ON THE STRIP, LET ALONE IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK.Also, this place has a great donut selection and even has CRONUTS on certain days -- regular and lemon filling was what we saw that day.Cute decorations as well -- they have a huge map of the USA decorated with each state's specialties. Mimosas and other cocktails are really cheap here -- well, at least cheap for the Strip -- $12!!!
1	$20! for terrible food! Ugh! I was very disappointed with my experience at America. During long layover I'm Vegas I decided to go on the strip for a few hours. I needed to start with breakfast. I passed up 48TH and Crepes because the line was really long and there was no where to sit. My weariness led me to make the bad choice of choosing America.  I knew going on the food was overpriced for what they were serving but i was really tired after flight.I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and after waiting 20 min for my order, even though the place was slow, I saw my food and knew right away I was going to regret choosing this place. It came with 3 pieces of chicken which could have came fron a chick they were so tiny. I could tell the chicken was bought prepared and heated up. It had that familiar orangey color diner chicken has where the establishment is too lazy to flour chicken themselves. Lots of places actually serve this chicken and it's not bad tasting but it can easily be dry. Of course those tiny pieces were far from moist. The Waffles were crunchy on the outside and fluffy in the middle, nothing spectacular about the flavor. But my guess is that any place who doesn't take pride in preparing their own chicken, probably bought the waffle mix prepared as well.Funny that the restaurant is called America, pretty ironic. Lazy, no pride in your product, over charging customers, the buck you make is more important then the goods they are pedaling.  Is that what they are saying America is?  The service was great, that's the only reason I gave them a star. Seriously how hard is it to make your own fried chicken?
2	Long wait for the food and the food didn't taste very good.  The only good thing about the restaurant is the huge United States art that is displayed in the dining room.  The kids enjoyed looked at the states.
2	Came here for my cousin to get a cronut and for me to try some sort of fun, new donut. She wanted the chocolate cronut, but the man before us got the last one so she ended up with original. She hates lemon flavored a stuff, but sure enough, the glaze had a citrus tang to it. It also felt a bit dry in the mouth. I read that the Bavarian cream donuts were yummy on yelp so I was ready to get that. Once I was there I saw several cream filled LOOKING donuts and asked the cashier how they were all different. She gave me a HORRIBLE answer. "Umm, They're pretty much all the same." Me: "So what's the difference between the donut labeled 'Bavarian Cream' and the one with the dollop of cream on top?" Cashier "That they  look different." I tried to laugh a little to ease the awkward rudeness and got the cute and supposedly cream filled donut. *insert annoying buzzer sound here* It wasn't filled! It was just the little dollop on top! Though the cream was delicious (as I read on yelp), the DOUGH of the DOUGHnut was dry as heck! I was very disappointed. And the customer service didn't help at all.
1	Ate here on July 6th.  I am a Las Vegas local, and when I asked the waitress about a locals discount she said there was no locals discount at the restaurant.  Ending up spending over $50.00 for lunch for 2 people, when I should have had a few dollars off.  The waitress didn't even flinch before telling me there was no locals discount.I am rarely in this restaurant, but this place never fails to disappoint me in some way or the other.The decor is pleasant, and service was relatively quick, but they still get a one star rating for ripping me off!Please note the casino website for this restaurant makes note of a 10 percent OFF for Las Vegas locals with ID, on the restaurant webpage.  Yelp reviewers make note of a discount for locals, but I was just outright told immediately by my waitress that there was no locals discount.
4	I felt like i was getting rushed out so i had to look around to see how man available tables there were so i turned around and checked it out it was about 20empty seats so not sure why i was being rushed. But oh well next time ill ask!
3	Updating, since "America" went above and beyond to resolve my customer service issue of not receiving the 10 percent locals discount, I am happy to revise my rating.Always good to see a business respond so positively regarding customer satisfaction.
4	Thank goodness for this restaurant and New York New York for being open so late at night. After going through a hour long food hunt staying at Excalibur and nothing was open to eat at 2 in the morning we were told America was the only restaurant open in the area. After walking and ready to pass out from not eating we were seated and had the best service from James. We told him we were starving and he brought out the food right away. Great service James and not to bad food especially so late at night.
3	We came here for lunch yesterday. We ordered the prime burger for each of us and the burger came out tasty and good. The onion marmalade was very good, the patty was soft even when it is well done (it is ground prime rib). The patty is half pound. The burger came with baked potato. The size is big that I can't finish the whole burger, while my husband finished his whole plate including the baked potato. The only down side is that I wish they would put more horseradish aioli on it. The service was good. The waiter was sincere and polite.Another up side is that it opens 24 hours so it is very convenient while the price isn't crazy. The decoration was very interesting too as there is a half wall made into an american map, and there is different things pinned on each state. For example, there is an alligator figure on the Florida state, and there is an astronaut figure on Texas.They have a 4-7pm rib eye special. We probably will try it next time.
2	Food was decent, but the service was bad. The place was very slow, but the waiter was always missing. We had to get up and pour our own water after we sat for almost 10 minutes with empty cups.
4	We hit here late after seeing a show. The prices are very reasonable for the strip. I had a trio of sliders. The burger was excellent, pulled pork was tender but a little sweet, fish taco was decent but fish didn't taste real fresh. My husband really liked the chicken wrap. With two beers it came to just $40.Service was quick and very friendly. The one negative was they did not have their cronuts available at the late hour.
1	This was the worst restaurant I've eaten at in Vegas. The food was cold. We ordered potato skins that cost $9 and they brought out a plate with 4 of the smallest potatoes I've ever seen and up could tell they were pre-made and frozen because they were still cold on the inside. We will definitely not be eating here again. It was way to overpriced for the quality of food.
4	The food was delicious, the service was perfect, & the restaurant is super cool. I had the (Deconstructed) Grilled Veggie Pita & the husband had the Monte Cristo. Both were absolutely delicious. The portions are spot on as well. Mine was just enough, while the husband ended up eating only half (it's a big sandwich).Started with the Mozzarella & zucchini sticks. Very good!
4	Hubs and I visited America around 10:30 AM on a weekday.  I love breakfast foods and he hates them, so we really liked that he was able to order lunch that early in the day. The decor of this place is amazing.  There's a huge 3D map of the United States showing each state's claims to fame.  You really just need to see it.Our server was knowledgable and attentive without being overbearing.  My parents own a small breakfast restaurant and I worked there until after I graduated college so I am a huge breakfast snob.  I mean, it takes A LOT for me to compliment a breakfast made in a restaurant, and let me tell you: that breakfast was GOOD. I ordered the eggs benedict which came with hash browns and a halved roasted tomato.  I don't even like tomatoes usually but that one tasted really good.  I don't think the hash browns were home made, which would be the only downside.  The coffee was really good.
2	Wow service is slow here & they were not busy. The waitress was nice, but she often forgot things, maybe becasue we had a larger group. The inside of the restaurant was cool, all the places across america! Which is awesome. My husband and I both had fish and chips. The portion was huge omg was it huge, we could have shared. Taste wise it was horrible, i hate tarter sauce and i had to drench the fish in to cover the taste. They have a little bakery infront of the store, with a lot of tasty looking items. We got a cross between a donuts and a croissant, i wasnt a big fan, we got a maple one my brother got a regualr one and said it was pretty good.
5	Over 100 reviews later and this is my first 5* I'm giving for a breakfast place. I went here 4 times during my trip (all for breakfast) and was not let down by anything, not once. By the last day i was looking for something wrong with the place but was hard pressed to find it. Every day the hostess was nice, even genuinely asked us how our morning was going on the way to the table. Our service was great. Even with our special requests, time constraints and what not. It was near flawless. We were always asked if we wanted a mimosa or bloody Mary even though it was like 8 or 9 am!Now the food. Oh yea, the food! In the 4 days i went, i had Steak and Eggs, A bagel with lox, omelet with lox and 2 eggs sunny side with bacon.  In general all was well above par and blows any Denny's or IHOP out of the water. The steak n eggs was about $15 and tasted better then many "dinner" steaks I've had in chain restaurants. The bagel with lox was a tad overpriced at near $11, but was delicious. The omelet with lox was good, but the lox were cooked. I sort of expected it on the side (idk why). it just tasted like a fish omelet to me. Strange but good. If I'm back in Vegas in this area, I'd eat here again and again.
4	Excellent place for breakfast and good value for money too. Absolutely no complaints.
3	Good for a very late night snack.  Food: 7/10 - For the late night menu it is good food.  Cooked properly.  Nothing to right home about but it get's the job done.  Eggs were cooked properly and the have some nice late night speicals.Service: 6.5 / 10 - Service is friendly but slow late at night.  The place has a quiet feel to it late at night.  The server can disappear for 5-10 minutes at a clip.  If you need something you're kinda hosed waiting.  Cleanliness: 8/10 - No visible problems here.Parking: 5/10 - Parking is the lot for the New York, New York hotel.Restrooms: N/A - Didn't visit.Overall: 6.5 /10 - A safe bet for a basic meal.  If you are looking for a fine dining experience, this isn't the place to go.  Think "diner"
5	24 hour good shit.Rib-eye...at 3am...and the shit ain't expensive. Plus there is some giant mock-up of....guess...AMERICA up in there. Sit at the bar and random people may start talking to you, as well as possible prostitutes. I was in there once and two prostitutes were having a crazy ass argument and then one said "Do you know what you pu**y smells like?" and I'm over here trying to eat a tasty assed omelette...AND I'M NOT EVEN MAKING THIS UP! Staff is super friendly, customers are friendly as well and kinda cute for a late night eatery. If you're at the south end of the strip roll up in there and get you some good stuff.
2	The food was mediocre! If someone asked for a place to eat in Vegas I probably wouldn't recommend this place unless you don't mind bland food and semi ok service.
1	The food was horrible all the way from the Pepsi to the fries. They don't give you regular fries, they are the wedges. We made a mistake and got dessert and even that was not good at all. I wouldNot recommend this place at least for dinner. Never been for breakfast though. The only reason it got a star was because our service was very nice and on top of things.
5	Nice little place. Donuts are yummy and fresh. Coffee is good. They have a deal for a coffee and donut for $4.50. Cashier was really nice.
2	It's kinda hard to find good 24 hour places in Vegas, as shocking as that is. Yet, America is not terrible. In Vegas terms it's more like a 2.5 but I just wasn't completely thrilled. The wait staff was nice but the food was meh. I ordered mashed potatoes with gravy and did not feel so hot afterwards. My friends' food was ok...the chicken wings were the standout among them. But hey, beats my last Vegas trip where I was too tired to go anywhere else for food in the wee hours than McDonald's. If you're on this end of The Strip, I'd say this is a solid late night option. During normal hours though...I wouldn't chance it.
4	We got to the hotel too early to check in so we decided to eat breakfast here. I asked about the corned beef hash and our waiter said it was his favorite so I ordered it. It was great. Very fresh amd a healthy portion. Could have had more veggies - my only complaint.  I would highly recommend  this place.
1	Mediocre food, bad service. At least our server was friendly, when he eventually came around. Wanted something quick, ended up with cold food that took too long to arrive.
4	Service was very fast contrary to what people have been experiencing on Yelp. I came here for the first time during dinner and had their 14 oz steak. Was incredibly delicious and the price was just right around $14. My girlfriend had the Spaghetti and Meatballs. She loved it so much we actually came back a second time to dine here. I couldn't believe how attentive the waiters were during dinner. They must have came by like 5 times to check on us. Bonus points for the waiters. I believe we dined here 4 times during the course of our stay at New York New York. Twice for breakfast, once for lunch and dinner. The second time around I wasn't too impressed with the Philly Cheesesteak special. The bread felt very soggy and that ruined the taste.For Breakfast, I had the New York State of Mind which is your traditional bacon, eggs, white toast with a side of fries. Their bacon strips are huge and I absolutely loved it. However they charged $5 for Orange Juice which I was not very pleased to see when the bill arrived. Very very overpriced for Orange Juice. Shame on you, 1 star off for trying to gouge the customer.Moderately priced for all the other items on the menu and I would recommend giving this place a shot if you are looking for something traditional that you would find at most American diners like Dennys or IHOP.
2	This place has been going down hill. The food quality is getting worse and worse. The servers are trying to make it a better experience but the food is just disappointing. Skip this place if you can until they either fix with what's wrong in the kitchen.
3	Good Waitress and Fresh Jalapeno  Poppers made for a good experience.We went in November, so unfortunately know I can not remember our waitresses name, but she was nice and knowledgeable.We started with the Jalapeno poppers and it was nice to have them done the way they were originally intended, with fresh crispy peppers and not frozen from some bowling alley,We shared the pork chop entree even thought it was only one.  She liked it and I thought it was just OK.Our nice lovely waitress whose name still escapes me, suggested a dessert instead of doughnuts and it was spot on.  I can't remember what the dessert was either.  Oh, did I mention that the drinks there were ok and flowing.  Sorry for the gaps in the story, I would like to blame it on the booze, but its probably the on set of old age.  Bah!
2	Breakfast service was good, prompt and friendly. This place offers your typical American breakfast fare at a price which is average for Vegas but more expensive that anywhere else in the USA. We had the corned beef hash with poached eggs. Nice. However table over from us had to send their breakfast steak back because it was gristly.I was tossing up to give this 3 stars. But the main thing that let it down was the $3.75 charge for brewed coffee.  The coffee was just terrible and I resented paying for it at any price.
1	Oh please!  Why in the world did we come here?  There are so many great places to eat on the Las Vegas Strip and we ended up here??  I expected so much more from a restaurant in the New York New York casino...  never again!We came for breakfast, not sure what the other food is like but maybe that's what keeps them going.  When we arrived, the bored, angry looking hostess looked at the four of us standing there (only people for miles) and said "Two?"  Lame!!  When I said four she gave a heavy sigh and rolled her eyes because she had to take one step backwards to grab two more menus!  Holy moly, we should have turned around right then and there!Our waitress was no better although at least she kind of maybe almost smiled once!  She too was tired and droopy and acted like it was a real chore to take our orders.  It's not like she did anything else so I'm not sure why she was so tired!The food was absolutely horrible!  I got the ABC Omelet and it was dry with very chewy bacon bits, just a little avocado and no cheese to be found.  The hashbrowns were ridiculous to say the least and burnt just as bad as the toast.  My husbands Eggs Benedict was the biggest joke!!  There were no egg whites to speak of and the teaspoon of hollandaise sauce on each egg was pathetic.  His hashbrowns were a little better than mine but still, way over done and dry.  My daughter got the Red Velvet Pancakes and barely ate 1/3 of them!  They were dry no matter how much syrup she put on them (not sure how that happens) and basically just made your mouth stick together so you couldn't take another bite without taking a drink of something.Something needs to be done about this place, seriously!  With such bad service and bad food it's hard to believe something hasn't been done already.  If you're smart, you'll either go somewhere else or grab donuts and coffee at the entrance and turn around and walk away!
