5	I have been seeing Dr. Pak for years.  I'm a little bias, I know her personally, but that doesn't discount the fact that her office is very efficient and she (& Elaine the other dentist) is nice and good.  I only have normal dental cleaning done so far, and her office handles all my insurance claims without any problems.  Her office has all the new cool things.  And though I have no kids, I know there are plenty of kiddie patients that go there.The office locates right off I-485 (Tryon Street) inside Ayrsley Town Center, above the YMCA.  She has numerous hygienists and I never have to wait much if any (normally I'm the bad patient who's running late).  For instance, today I got in and out with my teeth all sparkly in 30 some minutes.  If you need a dentist in that area, I suggest to give them a try.
5	Friendly people, great service, no long waits and the latest and greatest dental equipment. What more can you ask for you ask? Small hands. My small mouth appreciates Dr. Pak s small hands :) Never had a problem with either of the 2 insurance providers that I used at this office.Got setup for Invisalign by Dr. Pak and the results speak for themselves. Funny how straight teeth can improve your mood and confidence.
5	It's not many people that can say they actually enjoy going to see their dentist but I really can say I'm lucky to have found this great staff and this location! Located in Ayrsley above the YMCA the office is in a suite in the back, friendly greeting when you walk in...by name! They are very attentive to your needs and work with you to ensure you leave with a perfect smile.I would recommend this place to everyone!
1	Very disappointed service today. I went to the dentistry today to have a gingivitis treatment but I felt I was discriminated and not respected. The lady who performed the treatment to me made me feel that I should be ashamed of myself. It is because that we have problems that need to be taken care of that we go to see the doctors, isn't that right? This dentistry failed to train their employees that customers should be treated well. I would not recommend this dentistry to anyone if you are expecting a great service (which we deserve since we are paying).
4	Soooooo friendly and sweet! The receptionist could use a cup of coffee, but she is who she is.lolThey give you shades so the procedure light doesn't bother you, have your file tagged with your preferred name and use that name thought out the visit, and they and the cleanest most organized business I've ever seen!They have text reminders and same day appointments. Last time I overslept I even got a reminder callLol5 stars! Minus 1 for overly inquisitive Assistant who shall remain unnamed.  Very sweet, just kinda creepy.
5	AMAZING place! I'm so glad my friend recommended me to this dentist! Friendly staff very comforting and very detailed in explaining treatment and options. Dr. McNeight is truly an amazing dentist and very fun, she made my visit (which I was nervous and dreading) a very enjoyable pleasant experience!
5	Let me start this by saying that like many of us out there, I am incredibly afraid of the dental office in general.  I put off going to the dentist like it is the plaque and I want nothing to do with it. I was so nervous before my appointment, that I almost cancelled it. This office provides a notification by mail about what to expect with your first visit and starts to ease this tension ahead of time and set the correct expectation for this initial visit, which is by far the most comprehensive and thought out dental exam I have ever experienced.  As soon as I walked into the AFD office on the day of the appointment I was immediately put at ease by an amazingly friendly lady at the lobby desk that was full of smiles that made the experience so much easier. After being checked in and having my insurance information obtained, I was seated no more than 3 minutes and I was taken back to start the visit by another smiling and beautiful face (Chelsea I believe)!!!! She explained the consultation process as far as x-rays, pictures, initial examining is concerned. When Dr. Pak came into the exam room she made me more comfortable than I have ever been with a healthcare provider. Kudos Dr. Pak. The way she explained each step as we went was absolutely priceless. What a wonderful disposition she has as a dentist. Intelligent and thoughtful are two of the best words to describe this woman. After my exam, Tammy went through my suggested treatment plan and provided me details as to what my insurance would cover and what my next steps would need to be, she also went through a slideshow of pictures of my mouth to show me my areas of greatest concern. This was of great value and added to my wonderful experience. I now know EXACTLY what treatment that I need and I can't wait to move forward. I would recommend this dental practitioner to anyone who asked me for my opinion and would do so without ANY hesitation. THIS TEAM IS BY FAR THE BEST DENTAL TEAM IN THE CITY!!!DO NOT LOOK ANY FURTHER; THIS IS YOUR FUTURE DENTIST! PERIOD!!!
