4	Friends of mine took me to Le Chien on a recent trip to Montreal and boy am I pleased to friends with such great taste!Le Chien Fumant is a compact and packed little space with a daily fresh board offering perfectly prepared plates and entrees. Portions are generous so consider sharing. We had a Chinatown Calamari salad - superb - and shared half a roast chicken complete with mashed potatoes and peas. Wow, simple yet divine.    Also come prepared to wait OR make a reservation. And order a cocktail, their drinks are creative and well executed.
4	I am a big fan of this small, cozy restaurant just south of St. Joseph. I took a friend there and we both had the korean short ribs, which were made to perfection with an excellent kimchi side.  The food was perfect, but I was loved the atmosphere and am excited to go back.
4	I had a good time at this off the beaten path Restaurant.  I came early and sat at the bar without a reservation.  The waitstaff was very friendly and spoke about the entree, apps, and cocktails.  My meal was excellent and unique enough to satisfy different tastes.  It was a little pricey in my opinion, especially for the out of the way location.  But I'd go back and enjoy another meal when I visit Montreal.
3	was supposed to go here for a date, my date canceled so i took a friend...we went on sunday night, i heard about this place from a friend of mine who wanted to try it, at the time i read about it, but thought it was a bit iffy... so i told her well i'm not too keen on it...we were there at 6pm on sunday and we were the only ones, for over an hour... maybe it was unsusual cuz i usually hear that it's packed... it's an open kitchen place like salle a manger and pied de cochon, but much smaller, and darker.i had the gnocchi, my friend had the chinatown calamari... hands down the calamari was the best dish of the night... it was light and crispy and well accompanied, with a nice sauce, the gnocchi was well made, but just too mushy for my taste... i heard mushy was good for gnocchi, but this one kind of fell apart on the plate.i had the rack of lamb and my friend had the ravioli for our main dishes.this is where it all went to shit. The ravioli was bad, bad texture bad taste, just bad, can't save that one, i make better raviolis....rack of lamb was a big mess with sauce and all kinds of things... i was hoping for a nice rack with a crispy crust cuz that's what i was craving, instead it had more of a stewed consistency, and it did not taste too great...we skipped dessert because the portions are big here... didn't have room for dessert... all in all, the calamari will bring me back, but i'll be trying something else and hopefully i'll find a good main dish here yet...The staff were very friendly and the place is welcoming, i like the atmostphere here.
4	Went there for brunch and totally loved the decor and the food! excellent! It's a pretty small place, so be sure to get there early for brunch!
5	Awesome brunch, very very tasty, master chef pay attentions to the details of every ingredient..staff is friendly with a sense of humor and my friends and I were impressed they actually been to NJ where we hail from albeit they visited the crap hole known as Atlantic City when they were there. Food was impeccable and I'll be back next time I make the trip up north.
4	A brunch unlike any other I've had. Loved it!!
4	I had a great brunch here.  Make a reservation since the place is pretty small.  One of the best brunches I've had in Montreal
4	I feel like I'm in Brooklyn when I have boozy brunch at Le Chien Fumant.  Yummy Caesars.  They have an ever-changing menu for brunch, which keeps it interesting but can also be frustrating if you have something so amazing you go back wanting it again but find it's not on the menu.   The first time I went I had melt in your mouth blueberry crepes with a dollop of lemon curd. The second time I had melt in your mouth trout gravlax with fresh greens.  Yesterday I had 2 eggs cooked in a ragu sauce with a parmesan crisp, pesto and soft charcoaled bread. divine.  about $ 50-60 for 2 people for brunch.  I went for dinner only once, and I wouldn't go back.  Brunch is a better bet.
3	Our visit on a quiet Sunday night did not quite meet expectations. We were one of about 4 tables, so the joint wasn't quite jumping.  Between our party of 4, we had the famous Chinatown Calamari, which is the only item permanently on the menu, zucchini flowers and lobster in grape leaves for apps.  Mains: ribs & scallops, turbot dieppoise.  The calamari was good, overly sweet and the zucchini was good, if a little heavy on the bread stuffing.  We all agreed, the lobster in grape leaves was a fail.  The  mains were both well executed if not especially stellar and unfortunately the Korean ribs were sold out.It's not that we didn't enjoy the meal; as a neighborhood resto, it's very good but given it's out of the way for a lot of folks and tourists almost certainly, it may not be worth the trip.The service was good and I can imagine when busy, it could be a fun place.
2	Brunch was the goal. I'm not really sure what I left with. I was full, but I would hardly call anything they had on the menu as brunch. The food was average. The prices were a little on the high side. I did have an incredible coffee!Here's the problem in having a bathroom in the middle of the dinning room... when one coffee drinking patron went in for evacuation everyone HAD to smell it. Ouuffff.... Luckily I had paid but was on my way out. Not cool.
1	Love the decor dislike everything else. I love good service, I tip well when it is deserved.... Almost to excess. However I can tell you that there was absolutely nothing to tip over at Le Chien Fumant. The food was not very impressive and the wait staff were dreadful, rude and un helpful. It would have left a bad taste in my mouth if the food hadn't been so salty that my mouth shriveled up. Overall unpleasant.... And I am a glass half full kind of person!
3	Review is most helpful for tourists, not for locals. As a tourist, I heard about this place from someone on the DC metro who overheard us talking about going to Montreal. The food was overpriced (waaaaaaaay overpriced) and so were the drinks. Overall, though, the service was really pleasant and our server helped us pick something off the menu (we understood almost nothing). The ambience is amaaaaazing. Really great place, hole in the wall, but with personality. Also, a guy sitting at the bar got so drunk that he fell off his seat and backwards INTO someone else's table. It was a great way to start our debaucheries is Montreal.
4	This was a fantastic meal. The cocktails were excellent, the wine selection was modest, but of excellent quality, and the food was delicious.The steamed buns were quite tasty, and the hoisin-heavy dipping sauce with them really made the dish sing.The veal sweetbread paprikash was revelatory. The sweetbreads were perfectly cooked, and the sauce was velvety and unctuous.I highly recommend this restaurant. It was one of the more memorable meals I've had in the past year.
5	Always a consistent and delicious meal.Definitely great for meat lovers, but once had an amazing salad with burrata here too.
4	I made a reservation for Le Chien Fumant a few days ago (note that you must supply a credit card for your spot) for a romantic morning date with my man. We headed out towards the plateau bright and early (despite a rather indulgent night) and ended up at the restaurant an hour before our reservation.Happily they accommodated our early arrival and seated us in a lovely spot by the window. The menu is written on a chalkboard in the middle of the restaurant; with four breakfast choices, all rather tempting! I went for the lobster Benedict while my man chose the boudin with apple waffles. While they do not serve filtered coffee, they do offer a delicious Americano and awesome pulled espresso. I dare say one of the best espressos I've had in some time.The food was spectacular, my Benedict was a traditional florentine Benedict with a pile of lobster on top. How could this be bad? It can't be! Add in house-made fresh English muffins and you've got yourself a home run!The boudin plate was also quite impressive, made with house-made blood sausage... Delicious.Now, this isn't an inexpensive brunch. At close to $50 for two with no alcohol, this isn't going to be weekly outing, but it definitely meets the bar as a special treat once in a while!
5	So our friends who live in Montreal made a reservation here for the four of us on a Saturday night and it definitely did not dissapoint. Restaurant was tiny and only had 3 tables which could accomodate more than 2 people.  They had several two-tops. Our firends had been to the restaurant only one time previously and enjoyed it (obviously).  Living in DC with some of the best restaurants and variety of cuisines, we are always slightly cautious about what people think is good.  We ordered some drinks, the smoked meat appetizer, and discussed our dinner options.  We decided to do the "small" tasting menu.  We ended up getting four appetizers and four entrees which were SUPERB!!!  The amount and quality of the food for the "small" tasting menu was overwhelming. Every one of the dishes was delicious, had interesting flavors, textures, and was cooked to perfection.  I generally dont like lamb and my wife does not generally like any fish, but we both loved the lamb dish (one app & one entree) and the halibut entree dish.  My favorite dish was the korean bbq tartare which was awesome.  I wish that they had some more wines which were under $50 a bottle.  We ordered one of the cheapest bottles and it was still $57.  With the four of us we ended up spending quite a bit in wine.  Also, they did not have any wines by the glass so you either had a whole bottle or drank cocktails.  Probably one of the best meals which I have ever had and definitely in the top 3 or 5 of all time.
5	Was there last night, a Tuesday. the place was full. In essence, Le Chien is no doubt part of my top 10 in Mtl.In short, well executed plate of beef goulash. Flawless structure, fresh ingredients, flavours combined delightfully in unison (rather then one overpowering the other).Interesting wine list.Yes, I shall go back in a heartbeat.
1	Food = greatambiance = greatservice = my very worst experience of all timeCocky Waiter told us we could have wine by the glass but left the bottle on table after opening it up ripping the bottle rim like it was giaconda trash, then kept serving it to us until I told him that we had agreed to just have a glass.He literally called me dude, man and said: come on man, I leave you the bottle and you know what that means...I replied no and was honest. He insulted me repetitively calling me (man) with a condescending posture like I was some guy transacting in the street. I honestly will never return to this place as it tells me that restaurant is willing to risk all it's effort and reputation and hire some off the street disrespectful idiots.
3	I went for brunch with friends, the setting is nice (big windows with lots of light). They serve mostly revisited classics and it's good but it's a little expensive for what it is. They have a new 3 courses brunch formula: it has a set starter (we got soft-boiled egg and flaky pastry sticks with ham), a set dessert (a strawberry cream cake), about 6 options for the main dish and a mimosa. Also you have to get the menu, you can't choose a la carte. It wouldn't be so much a problem if you we had two options for the starter and if they were a little more accommodating. They made no substitutions whatsoever when we asked for the eggs to be done differently but then our main dishes where slightly different from what was on the menu and they also ran out of their set dessert so they served us something else. All in all the concept isn't bad, it just need little adjustments (like having the menu on their website so you can know in advance what you're getting since you don't really have a lot of options). And again it's a little expensive for what it is. They should probably put the mimosa as an extra and reduce the price of the menu. I might not go back for brunch but I definitely want to try what they have for supper.
5	This was the PERFECT Valentine's Day dinner spot. Amazing steaks. The atmosphere is warm, hip, small & cozy and the menu is definitely gourmet and specialty. Service was impeccable, too. Tucked away off the busy street on charming Gilford, it's the best little romantic retreat. I can't wait to go back again.
4	I'm from California. I am unaccustomed to walking through snow in 26 degree weather to find a tiny restaurant on a side street, but I would do it all over again to go back to Le Chien Fumant, I don't think I need to say anymore.
