5	this place was FABULOUS!its a chic and very VERY relaxing environment with wonderful art and music!i originally wanted a chicken liver salad, but they were out of it so i thought i'd try their pigeon breast salad. the waitor came back and told me they had just got in some freshly smoked duck and if i wanted that insteas. i couldnt' decide so they made me a specialty salad with both!probably the best salad i have ever had in my entire life! (pigeon breast was ok... kinda like unsalted ham) the Smoked duck was to Die for!my Papa had a lamb stew with a very tender and flavorful helpin' of lamb in it!a Must!
2	The Lot Bistro offers so much to entice customers in - everything from its location in the Grass Market under the castle to the promise of art works and performances upstairs in the older part of the building.The Lot Bistro, however, fails to live up to expectations. While I had been to the Lot prior to my latest experience, this was for a quick snoop around the gallery and a cup of tea. This time, I thought I would go for lunch to give the place a real try.To be honest, I wish I hadnt - food tasted like anything I could have microwaved at home (but far less of it), and while it was not that expensive, did leave a bitter taste in my mouth - both metaphorically and literally.The Lot Bistro then is a nice place for coffe and culture, but not for a LOT more. (Heehee).
4	I haven't been to the Lot for the food or coffee. Actually the Lot holds every Tuesday for the past year and a bit a grand ceilidh. Ceilidh is basically Scottish barn dance. Even if you don't know the steps, there are multiple dances and they walk you through them at the beginning of each song.This one is clearly geared the tourists, as their are so many hostels in the area. However, this gives it a layed back atmosphere and no angry people if you get your steps mixed up- everyone is here to have a good time dancing the night away. Entrance is about 5 pounds. The only thing I can really hold against this place is that the dance floor is tiny for such exciting dancing.If you visit Scotland you must try out a ceilidh! Even if you have two left feet like me, it's the most authentic fun you could have!
