4	Leave it to my very responsible, tech-savvy boyfriend to sniff out the best deals, because as much as I don't want to share this secret, but I'm thinking this is the place I'd always want to stay whenever I come back to Las Vegas.Why?FULL KITCHEN.Yes, that's a regular sized refrigerator with freezer, stove, microwave, coffee maker, and pans and flatware. Even a little nook area to eat what you're cooking. The bathroom is pretty well sized, there's a small living room area and our room came with two queen beds. Oh, there's also free WiFi, a laundry facility and workout room (the latter two of which we did not take advantage of).It's also walking distance to a Starbucks (good for me when I needed some hot, black coffee to combat an asthma attack and forgot there was a coffee maker in the room), a bagel place, some other small stores, and a 7Eleven across the street. Sure, it's not immediately close to the Strip, but it was more than enough room for 4 adults to stay comfortably for a weekend, but still have access to Vegas' main drag. I suppose it helped that we weren't in town to hang around there, and this location was in fact closer to where we were going (Sam Boyd Stadium). The people with whom I interacted from the staff were really friendly, and the place is pretty quiet from when we were there, and I'd think it may be a bit rowdier since there was a music festival going on and it being Halloween weekend. Like I said before, I'd seriously consider staying here should I find myself in these parts again. It's got the conveniences you may want now and again, but is still affordable (and the fact that the room isn't all that exciting) that you can still go out there and get down with your hedonistic self in Sin City.
1	When we first arrived at Crestwood Suite everything looked good.  The person checking us in was very nice, but then everything went down hill.            The room we stayed in was very dirty.  On top of the refrigerator, and around microwave and stove was dirty.  There was dirty and dust in all corner.       The front desk also screwed up the days we were supposed to have our room cleaned.  We were scheduled to have towels changed and trash taken out on Tuesday, that ever happened, and the full cleaning that was scheduled on Thursday didn't happen.  After complaining to the desk, they told me the girl who checked us in was new, and had never scheduled us for any cleaning.  We did have our room finally cleaned, but about 18 hours before we checked out, at that point why bother.      If I had not booked on expedia, and would have last the money I paid for the room, I would have left and found another room
2	This is an okay hotel, but there are others that are cheaper that are much nicer.  I'd rather pay the extra money and upgrade to a better place.  True, the rooms have small kitchens, but I wasn't in Vegas to cook, so I didn't use it at all.  Also, I got a smoking room instead of a non-smoking, so that wasn't happy times.  There's free wifi, so that's a plus...
2	Staff is not friendly, but they do their job.  The room was not immaculate, but decent.  The full size kitchen was nice.  Carpet was fairly worn- maybe other rooms are better.  Tile selection in the bathroom and kitchen reminded me of a Wal-Mart store, and was slightly dirty.  Overall, not a bad deal if you need a cheap place to stay for a long-term period.  Otherwise, spend the few extra minutes finding a similar-priced hotel on Paradise near the strip.  I would not return to this hotel unless I had to.
4	there are plenty of advantages to hotels that are off-the-strip.  they are quieter and offer a refuge from the madness of the strip.  this place is no exception.  only 10 minutes drive from LV blvd, it is clean, cheap and well-equipped with a full kitchen.   ideal place for your annual week-long Vegas binge.
1	Stayed here for 2 nights with a group.  Was in a 2 queen-sized bedroom with a full kitchen and bathroom.  Air Quality:  If you want Vegas Throat... stay here.  UGH.  I could not fall asleep because my nose kept getting stuffed and my throat was killing me from the air.  Recycled air from the air conditioner system was the worst.  I thought it was just me getting sick, until I found out that the other guys in my room, plus the group from the room across the hall felt the exact same way.  Cleanliness:  The room and bathroom wasn't dirty, but it didn't look the cleanest.  Free wi-fi:  Yes, free wi-fi, but it cuts in and out all the time.  Very slow.Vicinity:  Nearby is a Starbucks, supermarket, Baja Fresh and other stores.  It's convenient.I stayed out of the room as much as possible.  If you can deal with the Vegas Throat, you could stay here, but I've had a much better sleep at a Motel 6 in Vegas.
1	My stay has been horrible. First when I was checked in they kept my id. They did not bother to call to tell me that they had it so I found out the next day when I drove across town to pick up a rental truck and had to go back to get my id.Second, there where no towels in the room at all. We were unable to shower until the next day when I had to go to the front desk and get towels.Lastly I have been in my room for two hours and they just called and asked to stop slamming doors. I have not left the room so I am unsure how I would slam doors.The rooms are outdated, the bed mattresses are horribly stained and the bathroom is disgusting.It is cheap but not cheap enough for all of this.
3	Wanted to spend a weekend in vegas, but was trying to figure out options to paying the weekend pricing the casinos typically charge and opted for this place based off of a search on kayak.com.The suite itself is setup for an extended stay with a full kitchen included, refrigerator, iron and board, tv, and a queen size bed. For the price of $55/night was decent and free wifi in my room something that i have not found in other casinos on the strip like the excalibur.Don't expect to walk to the strip from this location.The closest casino, Terribles still required a few miles drive.
1	The rooms have little kitchenettes, AC, TV, Beds and Bathroom. They are no frills studios, available by the night or week.  The cost is fairly low, we got our room for about 67 after tax. But the place is filthy. The lobby smelled of soup, our floor smelled of pot, which covered the soup smell. We had to move from our first room because it had a leaky, moldy toilet, our second room was little better. It was a hundred little things. We had to air out the room, the chair has a bunch of unidentifiable stains, the shower squeals when you run it, the sink doesn't drain properly, the free wifi is incredibly unreliable and slow... But, all this adds up to a systemic problem of CRAPPY HOTEL. We were too embarrassed to invite a friend up to our room. Just nasty. I'd really steer clear if I were you.
1	STAY AWAY!!This hotel was terrible.I would have fled, except that I'd booked online through Orbitz, and had already paid.  I wasn't willing to make a wash of what I'd already spent, and was a bit too wrung out from driving (we'd started the day in Utah) to look up Orbitz's refund policy.The only good thing that I can say is that our room (324) did not have bugs.  So, there's that.I'm not a prissy person.  I camp.  I know how to rough it.  This place was gross.  I tried not to touch ANYTHING.
4	I did a road trip to Vegas and staid here. This place is some what close to the strip and for $50 bucks a night it's a good deal. Pros & Cons about this place: Pros: the rooms are clean, new carpet, and it has kitchen essentials. The staff is friendly and helpful. Cons: the furniture is outdated and the hallway smells like cigarette. Put it this way you get what you pay for.
4	Great deal if you're staying for a week or longer. I stayed here for a month when I first moved to Vegas and was still looking for an apt. For the price you pay the room was amazing, especially with the kitchenette (definitely wasn't trying to eat out all the time for a whole month). The only problem I had was the ants: hardly had much trash or ever left any food out and I kept getting a swarm of ants in the bathroom. Other than that, all the employees were so nice and helpful and made the stay very enjoyable. It's also very close to the strip, about a 10 min drive.
