5	Absolutely a joy from start to finish. I have had many dogs groomed over the years with various groomers and my experience at Margo's was by far the best. Margo is efficient, professional, knowledgeable, kind, gentle, and my bushy haired border collie dog looks AH-MAZ-ING! The store is clean and fresh smelling. Margo's husband also works at the store and is an excellent 'receptionist'.  I couldn't be happier and I will definitely go back!
5	Margo is so good with our sweet Sophie. She has groomed her twice and we are very pleased with the results. Margo has notes of how Sophie is groomed and our likes/dislikes.  I highly recommend her!
5	I took my two Golden Retrievers in for a close shave and baths and Margo's did an excellent job!  Their coat is smooth, soft and just the right length.  I really like the open feel of the shop...the staff was also very friendly.
5	I love this groomer!I took my Chipoo, Dany, into Margo's Pet Spa since she was looking a little scrappy. Upon walking into her shop, immediately I could tell that Margo adored animals. That's a great sign!We decided to get Dany trimmed and "furminated", in order to diminish some of the shedding. It only took her a little over an hour to groom Dany. When I came to pick her up, she looked happy and so cute! Margo was very reasonable price wise, and even gave me an extra discount. I will definitely return for Dany's future grooming!
5	Very friendly staff, clean facility, and affordable pricing. I recommend stopping by and having your pet groomed by these nice groomers! My dog looks great and was happy in the calm environment while being treated.
5	Margo was great with my puppy.  She did an amazing job grooming her and taking care of her.  She was professional and courteous.  I will go back again.
5	You want to get your dog groomed the right way - then this is the place to come!  Remember stay and support your local business.  Don't take your pooch to those large pet business chains for grooming!Location - conveniently located in Surprise along West Bell Road opposite Walgreens, just on the corner with Reems Road.  The business is located in that shopping center/strip mall on the corner behind Sonic and next to the gym/fitness center.Lots of available parking and the business is not difficult to find with large signs and two easily identifiable entrances.Aesthetics - Inside is very large - both the dog grooming area and the waiting area.  As you enter, the business is bright with soft colors on the walls, lots of windows/glass, and smells great!  The last part is important because you don't want to visit a dog grooming business and it smells doggy or of anything else!  Even the area where the animals are groomed has lots of space for them to run about and socialize with each other!  No evidence of cramping at all!Service - Only one word the sums it up - excellent!  The business is run by Margo and she's there taking calls, greeting folks as they enter, and grooming.  Very warm, welcoming, and pleasant lady!  Initially when I visited I thought it was a one-woman-show but later when I returned to pick up my dog, she had help.  Despite being busy, she is very organized and excellent with the dogs.  She doesn't shout or yell at them and was very patient.  She's very accommodating in terms of timing and scheduling and was willing to accommodate my schedule.   She can usually get you in within a day and that's what she did with me - I called on Friday and was able to get an appointment on Saturday which fit my schedule perfectly.  Prices are affordable for a grooming which includes everything from teeth cleaning, nail clipping, to hair cut, etc. and you can tell what you want and what you would like to omit.  There's even a 10% discount for new customers.  Each dog is individually cared for and not treated like a conveyor line production like you might find at some of the large pet chains.  I have been going to many dog groomers and usually my dog will come back with some kind of problem, e.g. an allergy to the shampoos used but this wasn't the case with Margo.  My dog returned home happy and healthy without any problems!Rating - 5/5 stars!  Definitely will be returning and have already scheduled my 8-week follow up appointment!
5	I recently moved to the Surprise area and was looking for a groomer for my two Pomeranians. Decided to try Margos because of the reviews on here and the shop is close. The ladies were SO friendly and did a great job with my babies. Lots of shops you walk into are chaos with loud dryers barking dogs and a hectic vibe. This was totally different the dogs there were quietly getting groomed while a few daycare pups tottered around the shop. The two ladies there interviewed me on my dogs and how I wanted their coats to look.  A few hours later they were ready and looked fabulous!  Will definitely be back.
5	I've been back twice since my last review and each time Margo's Pet Spa has been a joy to work with. They are super accommodating with availability, professional, knowledgeable, and very understanding of my Type A dog's personality.  My border collie looks fantastic when he visits and he doesn't fear the visit either which speaks volumes.  The store is fresh and clean, conveniently located, and hands down the best groomers I've dealt with.  Love it and highly recommend!
