5	I could barely roll out of bed in the morning. Then i started massage therapy with Pamela. She is so much more than just a spa massage. She works using massage to channel your bodies energy and create a whole body healthy experience.I feel so much better now.Thanks, Pamela.
5	Talk about pro!  Pamela knows where to go and how to work it.  She has her system down and also left room for my unique areas that kneaded extra attention.  Thanks Pamela:)
5	I loved the pressure and technique my therapist used during my full body massage.  If you are looking for a full body, deep tissue massage ask for Pamela and enjoy!
5	I love the nu-muscular massage that Pamela gave me. My back was killing me after a long 3-hour drive. I founded her through groupon and really loved it. Pamela paid a lot of attention to where I was hurting and I felt a lot better right afterwards. Totally recommend it.
5	Pamela is so good at what she does! Her massages are amazing and she not only helps your body feel better, she has a special way about her that calms your mind and helps you relieve yourself of stress. I always leave feeling renewed both mentally and physically. I highly recommend Pamela, she has helped with my fybromyalsia pain and my excruciating headaches.
5	I've been getting massages for years, as well as studied at massage school, so I tend to be pretty picky about my therapists. I've had quite a few therapists over the years, but Pamela is so far the one I keep going back to. She's very sweet and she is always  in-tune with my body and where I need work. She's taught me about neuromuscular massage and her massages are definitely incredible. By the end of the session I feel like she stripped every fibre of muscle on my body with intention and awareness. 60 minutes with her is just not enough. Not every therapist is going to be a perfect fit for every client out there, but I believe Pamela is worth giving a shot. I tend to roll my shoulders a lot, she always does releases on my upper back and neck. One time after a session I was walking around the grocery store and didn't even realize how naturally my back and shoulders felt, I was in perfect posture and I felt so free, open, and amazing. Pamela is one of the few therapists I've found that manages to maintain presence throughout the entire session. I can't recommend her enough!
5	I am 41 years old and I've suffered from muscle aches and pains all of my life. I was finally diagnosed with Fibromyalsia about 4 years ago. In addition to the muscle pain in my hands, legs and feet, I have always had horrible pain in my shoulders and bad headaches. In the past I have seen chiropractors and had massages to try to help, but had no relief. I finally found Pamela Shippey and started getting massages from her about 6 months ago. I had never had someone massage me the way Pamela did. She really knew what she was doing and how to help. In my first massage she only worked my shoulders and to my surprise, I had no pain for weeks after that. I continued getting regular massage from her for my whole body and my fibromyalgia pains diminished, my headaches were less frequent and my shoulder pain was gone. No one in my life has been able to stop my shoulder pain-ever! I am now able to go longer between massages and I feel great! With Fibromyalgia, you will always deal with some degree of pain, but with Pamela's massages the pain is greatly diminished. I am so thankful I have found Pamela!
5	I had right shoulder rotator cuff surgery in 11/2013, and it's been a long road to recovery.    I am at a point where regular massages help to loosen up very stiff muscles that have not been active in awhile, so I visited Pamela for a therapeutic massage.  She applied just the right pressure and really helped to loosen up muscles surrounding my rotator cuff.  I will definitely be seeing her again as she really has a very unique technique that I have not experienced at other massage places.  I highly recommend Pamela.
