5	Love it! Wait time usually 5 mins if that!!! Wonderful staff. Mrs. Ash is the best =)
5	We love everyone at Valley Pediatric --  they make my children feel so at ease and are very welcoming.  The office is so clean - it shines and I don't think I've ever waited more than 2-3 minutes in the lobby.  It doesn't get better than Valley Pediatric Dentists
5	My sister in law recommended Valley Pediatric to me and rightfully so! The entire staff was wonderful! Dr. Amy worked her magic and took care of everything with in one visit. Now I understand why they have pediatric offices, you really need a special touch and understnading of how children think and they have it down pat here!!!
2	Taken my daughter to this office a few times, but won't anymore. The good points- the office is clean. The staff that answers the phone is nice and usually helpful.  The hygienists are all really nice and are kid friendly.  On the downside- when you walk into this place it just feels cold.  The staff won't even greet you since you have to sign in at a computer.  Dr. Ash wasn't as kid-friendly and a little bullish with my daughter.  I understand she was crying, but she didn't do anything to make her feel more comfortable.  They seem to be all about money; they are very aggressive about making future appointments and overcharging when they can.  I would not recommend anyone to this place.
3	Dr Ash is very friendly and the office is very clean. My child was referred for a anesthesiologist and I never heard from the coordinator for that (I think located in their other office). They totally dropped the ball on that and I don't think I should have to keep calling for a status.
5	Dr. Lout and all of the staff are wonderful and great with my son! I would recommend them to all of my friends and family!
1	II agree with a previous reviewer....I would not recommend!  The first  time we (my 2 kids) tried this dentist/office...I did not get a good feeling at all.  You walk in and it's cold...uninviting.  Probably because instead of greeting you with a "hello" and a smile, they can't wait to tell you to go check-in at the computer that's behind you about 10 feet away. First time in the office....no one was there in waiting room or being worked on (strange).  Cleaning okay...dentist was nice.  But again, no other kids besides mine...many empty chairs.  Then when making an appointment 6 months out...they said they didn't have an appointment in the afternoon for two kids together, that the only way I could get 2 appointments together was to take the kids out of school.    I was going to look for another dentist...but forgot, and our appointment 6 months later was here.  So I thought, let's try it again.  THE SAME THING...no greeting as we walked in but to tell me to check-in at the computer.  Immediately that not-so-warm feeling came back!  As I am checking in...and it's NOT two clicks.  AFTER I confirm that we have Blue Cross and that my husband he is the primary and all the regular information, then it asks me who is bringing the kids in for their appointment.  I type in mom and phone number.  Then is asks me for my birthday, address and SS#!  So I tell them that I do not want to give my personal information that it is not needed for a cleaning that is covered...that we have 2 cleanings a year 100% paid!  She says "NO, WE HAVE TO HAVE THE INFORMATION or we won't work on your kids."   So that was it...and we walked out!  Just lost two more patients and I will NOT recommend.  Recommendation to the owner: Get rid of your computer check-in (very cold and uninviting) and teach your staff how to interact with customers/patients with a warm and welcoming voice/attitude.  Not to mention you might want to rethink your mandatory policies...especially with Identity theft being more prevalent.
5	Wonderful Dentist and Staff. Very caring and informative. Spends extra time with our children explaining preventative habits to ensure healthy teeth and gums. Easy to get an appointment especially in an emergency. If you do not have a pediatric dentist this should be your FIRST stop. I would never go anywhere else.
