1	I've stayed here for the past 6-7 years and I have watched this place deteriorate into a seedy brothel.  WARNING!  You WILL be called on the phone by a prostitute in your room.  I promise!  It's happened the last two times I've stayed here (once at 3am).  This place is HELL!  The only reason why I've stayed here is because they take dogs.  Now I'm finally done and will NEVER stay here again.  This last time a prostitute was staying next door (she was walking the parking lot looking for clients!)SERIOUSLY!  Look somewhere else.  Anywhere, just not here!
1	We had to book a room here at midnight after having some altercations with our original hotel plans.. It was dirt cheap but obviously you get what you pay for...the room made you feel depressed and dirty. However, the customer service at the front desk was great. They were very friendly and helped us out with whatever we needed. But honestly I would never ever stay here again.
5	Our room was like 40 bucks. costs 10 bucks in a cab to get to the strip and we still had plenty of money to play with in Vegas. The staff was super nice and we felt welcome.See ya next time!
5	We stayed here in Dec 2012 & had a dog with us.  The staff was friendly & didn't blink an eye that we had a Pittbull with us.  The rooms & outside area were clean & quiet. We just stayed here again (with no dog).  The rooms were remodeled to a more modern look.  Looks great.  Everything is still clean inside & out just like last time.  The first non-smoking room we had had a strong smoking smell (SEMA show people just left the same day).  We were quickly changed to another non-smoking room that was much better (smell wise).  Later that night the office called to make sure we were ok with the new room & if we needed anything else for the night.  This made me feel like we were in a 4 star HOTEL.  The customer service, cleanliness & quietness is why we stay here...the new room look was a bonus!
1	No stars! Horrible! I Don't care if it is pet friendly! I'm telling you now, this place is the slums  It's broke down and dirty!! I don't care how many "UPDATES" they do to the place,,, it's bad. Rooms are tiny! No accommodations at all. Ugh! Never again! (Prostitutes and drug dealers hang in the parking lot)
1	You get what you pay for. They don't offer soap or shampoo. They're very rude, and don't even try checking in before three. They beds are a little hard. The floors are hard wood which is fine. Remember to lock your doors because if you don't and some customer is drunk or retarded they will try to come in. Yes, this place is inexpensive but save your sanity and go someplace else. Down the street is a convenience store, don't go there they nickel and dime you as well. No prices in the store so be careful. Welcome to Vegas!
1	Our checkout date was mysteriously moved up a day. Luckily we were able to get our stuff. The same thing happened to the person in line in front of me. Seems to be a common occurrence
