5	If you are looking for contemporary furniture, this is the place to go! The furniture is sleek, stylish, and comfortable. If you aren't in a rush, you can order most pieces in just about any color if you don't want the color they keep in stock. The furniture is of better quality than the contemporary pieces you will find in most major furniture chains. Often a bit pricier as well, but worth it. And if you are looking at other contemporary boutiques (there are several in north Scottsdale) you will find Copenhagen is significantly cheaper and carries the same or very similar pieces.  If you are looking to fill a couple rooms, make sure to purchase everything at once - purchases over $5K get a 10% discount. Even if you don't need furniture, Copenhagen is a great stop for decor including candles, clocks, or rugs.
2	No longer a fan. The first time I visited the store the staff were friendly and helpful. Since then, the customer service has gone downhill. If you just want to look at furniture, it's a great store. If you want sales people to acknowledge you and answer questions without attitude, then maybe it's not the store for you. I still love the furniture, though. They also have lots of parking.
3	Did not know this location existed!  Service was ok.  I still prefer the Camelback location.  Selection was decent and didn't have want I was looking for.
5	I didn't think I would like Copenhagen. The modern, minimalist look seemed a bit cold and stark to me.  But, stepping into the store, I was pleasantly surprised. I liked the solid construction, and the clean cut lines of the furniture. We spied a lovely drop leaf table, which came in various finishes. We were lucky and were interested in a finish that was in stock. Otherwise, it would have to be specially made from Denmark and would take several weeks. Delivery was $69 and we were told our delivery time would be between 12:30 and 2:30. We were also pleasantly surprised that the delivery guys came right at 12:30. You gotta love punctuality! Prices are steeper than what I've usually paid for furniture in the past, but you're paying for high quality pieces.
5	Love this store!  Very friendly staff who know the merchandise well.  I've purchased 2 desks, 2 tables and a recliner in the past 3 years.  Very nice quality.  My original desk purchased in 2011 still looks new.
