4	Very good sushi.  As does it's companion in Old Town.  Set in Kierland, very nice atmosphere.  Very predictable menu, no suprises.  Good quality, slightly overpriced, but a great place for a date.
3	Pros: trendy scene, good music, nice atmosphere, and one of the greatest happy hours in the valleyCons: very mediocre sushi, not very authentic, trendy scene (if hip young Scottsdale 20-somethings don't do it for you)You make the call.
4	I adore RA!  They have a great selection of sushi.  Go for Happy Hour.  Its only a couple of hours, but you really get some great items for pretty cheap.  You can even get a large Asahi for about $5!
4	Ra has a hip fun setting and they are open late which is a real plus for this night owl. On the other hand it can get a little pricey and it's not the best sushi I have had. I would recommend coming in during happy hour or getting there lunch card and coming in for lunch. They offer a lot of fun and creative rolls which you won't find anywhere else such as the Arizona roll or my friends favorite the Crazy Monkey Roll. Overall if you want a young atmosphere with some good sushi RA is your place.
2	Ra. Is BlahAnd the peeps. Give me the creeps. Service? Makes me nervous. The vibe. Just don't jibe. Just not my scene. I'm a picky queen. Don't like the snotties. Acting all haughty.Sake bombers cheap and good. Only reason I would.Go to Ra.Blah Blah Blah.
3	Not my fav place prob like #7 on my list however a great lunch spot late in the afternoon its usaully empty. I like there lettuce wrap thing o and they have alcohol there too after being in Barnes & Noble for hours I get hungry and thirsty what can I say!?!? The one in awhatukee bluuuu 100x worse food wise but thats another review =)
2	Happy Hour 4pm-7pm is the PERFECT time to dine at RA for sushi. Should you decide to dine at RA.3 gals with an alcoholic bev and enough rolls to roll us home and the total bill was $41 and change.  This was a nice bargain.BUT.... the 2 stars state it perfectly "Meh. I've experienced better."  That pretty much says it all.  The sushi was okay.  Nothing special that makes me want to go back, so I probably won't unless I am shopping in Kierland and must eat a sushi roll but that probably won't happen. Service was good.  It was that blah sushi. 2 stars.  With plenty of good sushi in town, they gotta step it up.  Do you think they do better sushi before or after happy hour like are they thinking "ha, it's happy hour and that cheap-skate wants good sushi?!  ha ha ha"-- I don't know.  But I'm sticking to my other sushi hot spots.
1	So, after the assplosion, I think I'd better write my review!Sucked as soon as we walked in.  Party of 5.  Approximately 1pm.  Not busy.  2 four-top and one 2-top tables empty, plus the sushi bar.  They said it would be a 20-minute wait for us to get a bigger table.  We suggested just taking a 4-top.  Ended up that the co-owner of my company pushed two tables together and Voila!  We were seated.  Drink order got taken quickly.  Our waitress, Sarah, hated us from moment one.  Got our drinks, placed our orders.  I've never waited so long for sushi!I had the tempura box lunch special, and everyone got a bunch of sushi dishes to taste.  One girl is allergic to gluten, so ordered hers wrapped in soy paper.  It came wrapped in rice.  The waitress also claimed that they don't wrap their sushi in cucumber.  Huh?  I've never been anywhere that DOESN'T wrap in cucumber instead of rice.  Luckily, we took the plate to the sushi chef and he re-did it with the soy paper.  It was a WAY smaller serving than the original.She was great about refilling our drinks, but just wasn't as friendly (meaning not at ALL) as any other server I've ever had.This place sucks ball and I won't be back.Now, Back to the assplosion...
2	Why, why, why?  Oh right, because it was my niece's 16th birthday and this is where she wanted to go.  The rolls were sloppy, the fish could have been fresher and the service was a little slow and inattentive.   The fish isn't cheap and there's not even a whole lot of character.  Thank god I'm not 16.
3	The menu changes every now and then.  Sometimes it's awesome and sometimes the rolls really blow.  The staff is half snobby, half cool.  I always avoid the hostess station as much as possible.  Bartenders are generally nice.  Decor is great and sitting outside is fun.  It's pricey and you're paying to be there just as much as you are paying for the rolls.  I wouldn't go there more than a few times a year.
3	I could care less about being seen in Scottsdale, what my friends look like, and how cool we look when we hang out together. This is why I don't go to this place more than once every two years!!!! That being said, I do like their food. Its pretty good for sushi. But, the music is too loud, its pretentious as all get-out, the staff is too cool for their own good (Hey Bambi... You work in a frickin' restaurant), and its too much of a scene! Can I just have two of the Las Vegas' to go without all the crap?
4	we went to eat here while visiting my hubby's brother. place looked great. you could say it's more of the 'hip' scene. the music playing through the speakers made us all want to go out and do karaoke [seriously, we went all over town trying to find a magic mic haha]. anyway, the food was good, not the best though, but their Las Vegas roll was absolutely delicious. oh and we all felt a bit under dressed, everyone there was dressed like they were at a club. 4 stars only because it took forever for them to bring our order out and there were barely customers there. our waiter was some guy, didn't get his name, but he was like so mellow. He barely came to check on us. i'm pretty sure they were waiting for us to get out because my daughter and niece pretty much were running around like the place was a playground :p -california rolls - ok- rainbow roll - ok- shrimp tempura roll - good- las vegas roll - GREAT!- mango lobster roll [?] not sure what it's called but i loved it and my husband, who's never had sushi before loved it too and even asked for another order of it :)- green tea ice cream - yummy. no one can go wrong with that!we pretty much spent over $100 bucks [during freakin happy hour, wtf].
3	Ok rolls. Good but not too memorable drinks. Recommend it for the happy hour.
3	I went with my girlfriend and I ordered the spicy mitso soup and she ordered the potsticker soup, and we shared some endamame.  Both soups were big portions and absolutely fantastic.  Was told by the GF that the spciy mitso was similar to something she had in Japan.  The other great thing was their happy hours:  10 to midnight.  So while surrounding restaurants are cleaning their kitchens to close for the night, this place is just getting started.Now for the bad:  we never got around to ordering a main, because of the ghetto Muzak that was being piped onto the outdoor patio area, inside, even in the bathrooms you could not get away.  Are these people serious?  Nothing like hearing the lyrics "you gotta lick it, before you stick it, you gotta get it soft and wet so we can kick it" (yes, that song from a previous decade is now in a cheesy extended club mix version playing exclusively at Sushi RA)....how nice it is to hear such words as you contemplate which raw fish to order.  I don't think so.  I looked around but did not see a dance floor...although I did notice a couple behind us with 2 young girls which made the whole scene seem entirely inappropriate.  I thought for certain they must be offended, but realized much later, during a short break in the music, that they were speaking French and seemed entirely oblivious to the lyrics being pounded out.The management of this place need to mature a little bit.  I have been to places like this in Manhattan, where they think they can survive on great food and reputation forever, and that people will tolerate any attitude and disrespect for the sake of it.  The bottom line: this establishment serves 5 star food while pandering to 1 star clientele.  I was surprised to hear they have been around for 8 years.....
3	I work near this Ra location, which is the only reason I end up here when I get a craving for a spicy tuna bowl. It's just like all the rest...too loud, random happy hour, obnoxious and rude hostesses, nice bartenders and late hours (which is a bonus since everything else short of the OC closes at 9!!!). BUT, I do enjoy that spicy tuna bowl for lunch!!Also, they do have a 'Nooner Card' that is stamped for each lunch you have and after I think 8, you get a free one! That free one always seems to taste soo good!!The rest of the sushi is average and predictable and their iced green tea is good. I honestly recommend just getting it to go and saving yourself the rest of the experience!
3	Hmmm sushi in Scottsdale, Arizona...The goods - there is usually little wait, the music is good, and the sunday specials rock my sox.  The staff is usually attentive and down to earth, and the food usually comes out pretty quick.  It is hard to find a good mojito in this darn town let alone anywhere, and they make a MEAN mango mojito.  The crazy monkey roll is my absolute favorite with a lot of flavor, but its definitely an acquired taste (if you are a nigiri lover, this is probably not the one for you).  They are open late night too which is great and hard to find in the n snottsdale area.The bads - they are not always consistent with their fish.  Sometimes its great, other times it absolutely blows --- the nigiri is a toss up.  A seasoned sushi-er knows when something is not right; I put a piece of nigiri in my mouth that tasted way off, and what do you know it came right back up about 10 minutes later. Normally, I would swear to never return to a place that caused unnatural regurgitation, but the manager was quick to rectify the situation, covering our food on our bill and offering us a voucher for a free dinner of whatever we wanted next time we came back in [this however did not go as planned - check out my review on the ra downtown] Another time I found a bone in my salmon nigiri, definitely not ok.  The scene here too is simply obnoxious at certain hours, not as bad at this location though than others.  Its worth a try, and I do still dine here, but your money is only worth it during the happy hour specials.
3	Had lunch here the other day....the food was good. My husband had the New Zealand roll and I had the Salmon Teriyaki so I could try a benton box which I had never had before.....it was nice but next time I think I will order a roll as I sampled some of the New Zealand roll and it was delicious. The music was fun but just a little too loud....it was killing my appetite and making me want to go dancing instead! lol There were a few nice wines to choose from on the menu and our waitress was very good!....will return again.
4	This place is a treat. The service was good, the sushi was on par, and the atmosphere was pleasant. This Ra location could not be in better company (Sapporo's, Cheese Cake Factory, Mastro's Ocean Club, Morton's Steakhouse) all located within walking distance. Our server was very helpful and full of suggestions when we asked for them. It's always an added bonus to have a good looking staff as well. Hannah is by far the best server in the place. She's always quick and very attentive and she has a very pleasant demeanor, and she looks....well, seductive. Unfortunately, as is the case with many chains, the beer line up could use some improvement. How about some Labatte's Blue, Sagres, or Sam Miguel for example? Come to think of it, the wine needs a polish as well. Some Gazela, Lotengo, or Villa Maria would fit in nicely with the current line up. I mean it's not like were trying to dine in North Korean now is it? Overall the food is a solid B. Teriyaki chicken, rolls, tempura, you name it and Ra has it. The rolls are pretty reasonable, especially the regular rolls. As far as proximity goes, Ra is at the top of the heap, considering that Barcelona is just two blocks away.
4	I enjoy this place at happy hour as they have some really go prices. All of their appetizers are half off as well as a few of their drinks. I do wish they had more rolls on the happy hour menu but hey you take what you can get. You can eat pretty good for less than $10 during happy hour and that includes a beer. Not too shabby if you are on a budget like me! :)
2	I have eaten hear over the years. Most of the time on Happy hour. The menu for happy hour always changes and seems to be decent. Good flavors, ok size. The reason why it only gets 2 stars in my book. Turn the fucking music down! The tech music they play sucks! It is hard to hold a conversation with that shit turned up to "11" If you can handle that then enjoy.
3	I love me some RA.. Enroute to Oreganos Mark turns the Bimmah towards Kierland and says.. Sushi?? .. yep.. sounds like a plan.. We expect to wait.. Dont mind valeting.. ( I mean is it just me or are the parking sizes in Kierland meant for matchbox cars??).. But as we watch the blonde eye the guy behind us.. tell us that there should be a patio table in like 5.. as she adjusts her white bra under her black revealing dress.. we move towards the bar wondering.. WTH?.. Oh well.. its still happy hour.. I love Ra Sake Sangria.. yum.. bartender is cool.. and hes wondering where our buzzer is??? Yeah as a MOF.. we are too now!.. Duh.. Now Im a dumb blonde at times.. but this girl is off her ra! So Mark starts to go ask.. but Mr. Nice Bartender Man.. says hes got this one.. as he makes another Sake Sangria for Mark and gives me the extra.. score..:-) and a second or two later.. problem solved , we are out on the cool yet warm--esque patio.. There really isnt a roll on RA's menu I dont like.. other than the scallop.. ech.. but this time they are a bit slow.. and for RA this night isnt over the top busy..Nonetheless...Im always pretty much a fan..now for that hostess.. hmmmmm
2	We ended up going here cause we were in the area and craving sushi. I wish we would have drove a little further cause this place has gone down hill. I used to go here a few years ago and i use to like it. I guess there are so many sushi places now and they are just better than Ra. We got two sushi rolls and i laught when the waitress brought them to the table. These were the smallest rolls I had ever seen and it was not a half portion cause of happy hour or anything. They were as big around as a quarter. No Kidding! I was really wanting to pig out on some sushi rolls but after seeing those we just ordered teriyaki chicken which I have to say was good. Teriyaki is not my favorite but this was alright. I most likely will not be back but if I find myself there I will get a dinner entree and not the sushi. Drinks were stiff and delicous and waitress was good and friendly. Nothing good  to say for the sushi and thats sad when the word sushi is in the name of the restaurant.
4	Good vibe - high energy - even a live band last night!I ordered take out and sat at the bar and had a beer and some sake and enjoyed the atmosphere.We are from out of town but always visit the Kierland location when we are in town.There is probably better sushi out there - but this has that whole package for a bite to eat before you go out on the town.
4	I usually don't go to RA since the only one that I thought was close to my house was the one in Old Town Scottsdale and the place was not to my liking.  Recently, I discover their Kierland Commons location which has a great outdoor seating area and it's spacious with their signature red decor.  The other thing I discovered was their Happy Hour menu, which I must say, is probably one of the best in town in terms of prices and offerings.$1 sake, sushi like salmon and yellowtail for $2.50, generous servings for friend calamari for less then $4, shrimp cerviche for less than $5.  This is my new fav place for happy hour- I can hang out here, eat my full, drink all the sake I want without breaking the bank!
4	A local favorite sushi place of mine. As are all their locations. Nothing can beat their happy hour and the red lights hanging from the ceiling give it a dark cozy atmosphere. I would recommend the Mango Margarita off the happy hour menu as a good choice. Great date place.
4	Had lunch with the fam here and we were all super pleased with most everything! We had a seaweed salad, vegas roll(*best!), spicy tuna roll and split two lunch specials. Ma got pork katsu bento box and it finally came out as sis and I were finishing the bowl that I had ordered full of raw fish. We were a bit scared at first, but the shrimp, tuna, yellowtail and salmon were in perfect bite sized pieces over rice and accompanied by tasty vegetables. It was a winner even to sis who claims to hate salmon. The pork was a letdown, but saved by the salad's it was served over and next to. Ixnay the pork and everything was perfecto!
5	I absolutely love their Kierland Commons location, and their happy hour menu cannot be beat. We always end up having tons of sushi and beer for less than $20/person. It's a cozy place with a cool vibe as well, great for people watching. Definitely one of my favorite places in the valley.
3	I feel like Ra is too focused on social and not sushi. Good for groups, and decent happy hour prices. Lots of cute waitresses too.
4	Its a good place to go for happy hour. Good drink specials as well as inexpensive appetizers.  If you are in the North Scottsdale area I would suggest going and sitting on the patio and doing a little people watching and enjoying some sushi and drinks.
4	Not authentic, but tasty in its own way.I go here for happy hour.I really like the viva las vegas roll.The crab cakes are of good value.Fried calamari is a bit bland but worth the volume (big)Off the happy hr menu, my fav is the scallop dynamite roll.either you love it or hate it. It took me a couple tries to appreciate it.the desert roll (bananas fried and topped with fruits, w/ a hint of white chocolate chip) was surprisingly good.Walking around the mall after dinner is pretty relaxing.Do not get the tempura icecream here.It was nasty.
4	The scene is definitely better than the food, but I have to give it 4-stars for the happy hour menu.  In total they have over 20 items to choose from - sushi and appetizers, most under $5.  I believe it runs from 3p-7p.  Good looking wait staff and a nice decor.  Agreed - walking around Kierland is a nice way to work off lunch, or perhaps across the street to the Westin.We'll be back for happy hour again!
3	Love RA.... This RA is small & has a cramped feeling to me compared to Chandler .. Love sake sangria... The sushi .. All good:-)
3	When it comes to sushi my eyes are ALWAYS bigger than my stomach and I just can't seem to avoid spending a tiny fortune, drats!I hadn't been to Ra in a severely long time and was pleasantly surprised and wonderfully satisfied upon this recent re-visit!Items we ordered that I care enough to remember and am salivating at the memory are: Beef Tataki Roll - artichoke, asparagus, roasted red pepper & avocado rolled & topped with seared beef, served with creamy wasabi & drizzled with black pepper soyOMG!Mango Lobster Roll - lobster mix, avocado & cucumber rolled & topped with thinly sliced mango, served with mango-tobiko & kiwi-wasabi saucesSo Yum!!!
4	Its everywhere so its hard to say all you can write is about certain locations, right?Well I go to the one in Old Town scottsdale a bit but mainly in Kierland so thats what this is about.smile hour- is great , they offer super deals on drinks and food during the happy hours so you cant beat it.Service and smiles- I highly recommend sitting at or in the bar for the best service. The ladies seem to have worked there for a long time and rock out the drinks and conversation.Aroma- although most sushi places have a smell to them the down side of sitting at the bar is you get the normal smells plus thestale beer of the bar, but I think its such a great place , you get over it real quick. PLus you can always sit on the patio and people watch , which is the BEST!Nom Noms- Miso soup, Las Vegas Roll( not my fav but every person I know lves it) , caterpillar rool and any sashimi, will always be fast and fresh. Never a complaint there.Break it down Jess- Its corprate so they cant really screw up but of all the RA's I have been to cleanliness, service, staff and vibe, this is by far the best . Hopefully I will see you there.
3	This is a cool sushi restaurant that serve good sushi.  I have had much better, but for a fun vibe with outside seating, it's not bad. I like the one in Kierland and would recommend checking it out.  It is not my favoriate sushi in AZ, but if I'm in a pinch, it will work.  What I don't like is that the outside table will fill up for sport games on TV and the people continue to lurk and refuse to give up tables.  Granted, it's a game, but the sushi place is not a sports bar.  They should require the people to order so many drinks or some much food every hour to maintain the table... that's my only rant!Enjoy.
4	Consistently good sushi.  Service is good, not great, but good.  Today I had nigiri sushi.  Mackerel, halibut, yellowtail, and Hawaiian yellowtail.  Each one was very good.  The spicy lobster roll was very spicy today, which was perfect for me, but might be too much for some.
5	BEST sushi and one of the best happy hours in the Phoenix area! Definitely come for happy hour as the deals cannot be beat.  My favorites are the RAckin' Shrimp and the Las Vegas roll. Both are unbelievably delicious.My mouth is watering just thinking about it....
4	Very popular sushi bar in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale. Good sushi for Arizona. I had to send a happy hour alcoholic beverage back to the bar for some fixing. Weekend evenings are very busy, can be loud inside and nearby parking space is usually difficult to find, so if possible, car pool.
3	Stopped by here on Friday for Happy Hour. the sushi was just okay but the Happy Hour drink specials were amazing. We did a bunch of saki bombs and the sushi started to taste better ... hahaha.  My favorite shshi place is here in NJ called Sushi Lounge, after eating here, hard to find another match.
3	Sushi good - but nothing special or creative. Appetizers and small plates are very good. Happy hour specials bring us in, although they aren't as good as they used to be. Mediocre to poor service. A lot of activity - people watching place.
2	Eh, this place is not good. The food isn't fresh, and it just plain tastes bad. It is far too pricey for how mediocre it is. The service is also not so good, and the servers can be a bit unfriendly.The only time I would ever come here is when my friends want to go here (even then, I try to tell them not to go!). The happy hour can be okay, but I would definitely rather go somewhere else!
5	I've been a fan of the Ra Sushi happy hour for some time, and this branch is similar to the ones that I usually go to in Southern California.  The sushi is very reasonable and tasty, and the drinks are cheap.  My favorite happy items include the Calamari Tempura and the Las Vegas Roll.
4	I have family in Scottsdale and I think that I've eaten here literally every time I see them.  Last night was no exception, so off to Ra's happy hour we went.  They've recently changed their menu, so the happy hour offerings were different as well.  They have a few more drinks on special, but I went with the white sake sangria which is always a favorite.  Edamame was good per usual.  But, the new offerings are what blew us away.  The shisito peppers were probably my favorite part of the meal.  They were simple, but every bite was spicy and filled with garlic. Also new and garlicy, were the garlic sugar snap peas.  These were cooked well and very good.  The dengaku tofu is an old favorite.  I have to praise Ra for the amount of vegetarian dishes on their happy hour.  There were more options than we ended up ordering and that is extremely rare on most menus.My only complaint with the new menu was the vegetable roll.  They seemed to have gotten rid of a standard veggie roll with cucumber, carrots, and avocado wrapped with nori.  The new roll is wrapped in rice paper and had artichoke hearts, and iceberg lettuce and a few other things mixed in.  I like that they tried to give it a new spin, but sometimes you really just want the classic.
4	Went for Saturday happy hour last night and left with a happy tummy! How can you beat sushi happy hour on Saturday until 7!! :)*****  Large Kirin Light for $5 (always good :)*****  Salmon Carpaccio (amazing and a great kick of wasabi)*****  Sushi (all was fantastic...got salmon, tuna, and yellowtail)*****  Pineapple Cream Cheese Won-Tons (yummy!!)***     Viva Las Vegas Roll (Unique, but not for my taste)**       Crispy Spicy Tuna (soo hard to chew! Rice was not crispy, just tough and chewy)
5	The good:Happy Hour! Great quiet location(not directly next to a busy street), beautiful woman left and right, great club like atmosphere. If you want to have a night out at a "cool" place with friends Ra is it.The bad:For the money not the best sushi. But for happy hour you can't beat the deal and this becomes a great value. You will get a great experience. Also it can be packed over the weekend so get there by 5 P.M to catch the happy hour.
5	I'm really impressed with this place.  I think some people may give it bad marks because it's sums up everything beautiful and wrong with Scottsdale in one meal.  The location in Keirland, lends RA to be a haven for the Scottsdale douche elite to hang out at the chain sushi restaurant with mexican chefs, order a dynamite roll and reminisce about the time they ate the freshest yellow fin at the Grand Wailea resort on Maui.    And I got to say, I saw a couple of them there.  But sushi is a funny thing.  You can't fake freshness no matter how hard you try, and the fish here tastes like it was flown in from Japan, Alaska, or Hawaii this morning.  Blows places like Yume out of the water.  My wife and I wondered in on a Saturday afternoon and to our delight happy hour was in effect.  Long story short, we ordered a lot of nigiri, ponzu marinated sashimi, a couple of hand rolls, gyoza, and 4 beers for a total of $64 including tip.  I'd definitely come here during non happy hour, but I have to say, this is going to be my new place for Saturday afternoon indulgences.  You see, like the mexican sushi chefs that work here, Scottsdale is a bit of an anomaly.  There's no real culture here other than the one that's been put up by developers.  All the authentic real grit that resides in the Downtown Phoenix, has been washed away, polished up, and desert that used to be considered no mans land nothing is now the height of luxury in the Valley and its only getting better with time.  I guess what I'm trying to say is that beyond the Pottery Barns and the overpriced Hemingway Cigar Shop bullshit, there are local businesses that have adapted and learned like the chefs at RA and they are turning out spectacular food and doing it really well.  Don't let any other reviews change your mind.  Come down to Kierland on a hot day, sit at the RA Sushi Bar, order a cold beer, a couple pieces of maguro, and suck up all the Scottsdale ambiance you can muster.  Douche bags included.
4	Not much is open in Scottsdale at 10pm on a Sunday night.  Did a little Yelp searching and found a few places with late night happy hours... Yard House, Elephant Bar, and RA.  Since RA's happy hour was only on Sunday nights, figured I'd give it a try.  The place was going on, but we were served pretty promptly.  All RA's seem the same to me... the fish is average, the ambiance is good, and if you go for happy hour, it's a steal.  We had two rolls, some nigiri, and edamame and our bill was $19.Basically, the place is a 3* joint to me.  But they get an extra star for their Red Cross promotion.  With your bill, you can leave a donation on your card, and RA will match it 100%.  And this wasn't a one-day promo, it goes til mid-May!  Not sure if it's nationwide, but definitely come support RA as this is pretty awesome.
1	So over rated. I'm from San Francisco- I have high standards for my sushi. I especially dislike sub-par fish in a place that tries to look/act swanky. This reminds me of a sleazy date spot- oh wait it is!I prefer my secret spot in Avondale for better prices, fresher fish, and more attentive staff.
4	Not the best sushi in the world but I appreciate the value of their lunch specials as well as the charm, panache and mystique of the bartenders. Tip - They also make a fantastic squid salad.
3	Fun Americanized sushi bar.  Usually packed with a 30-something crowd at the bar.  Loud music.  Sushi is average, but what you would expect from a place like this.  Service is good.  If you want drinks with some sushi on the side, this is a great place.  If you want authentic, try Hiro Sushi instead.
4	Solid place for happy hour.  The california and tooty maki rolls were good.  Salmon and yellowtail sashimi were solid.  Nice prices until 7PM. Good music.
3	I went here for a late lunch with a few friends, and it was pretty good. I would give it 3.5 stars, only because of prices, the size of the rolls, and the attentiveness of the servers. I had to wait a few minutes with a completely empty glass of water for the server to come and ask if we needed anything else, while the table next to us had a few refills without having to ask. Aside from that, the food was delicious. The rolls were smaller than I would like, but they tasted really good. The fish was very fresh and the sauces were tasty. We also got the tropical punch drink that was huge, and it was really good. I would go back, but I would try the happy hour next time.
5	The sushi at RA is beyond amazing!  I eat sushi about 3 times a week and if I could eat at RA evertime, I WOULD!  Happy Hour rocks and there's some really awesome stuff on the HH menu!  Absolutely love it!
3	The wife and I are hanging out at Kierland doing the window shopping thing and it's time to eat.  Sushi sounds good!  Oh' look it's RA Sushi!  (Ok so we rarely have a plan...)  Just so happens it's happy hour and there is some live event being video taped for channel 3 TV.  Place is packed with silk and the men who love them....to our amazement we were seated right away albeit next to the kitchen but oh well...RA is a place for redefined sushi, tetaki, sashimi and assorted japanese style choices...we tried most of their specialty plates from the happy hour menu and a couple of signature rolls from the menu.  I tried to dislike the food, but, it's good!  And you cannot beat the prices for happy hour!  Turns out the taping was a charity event for a young man battling cancer, proceeds from a special menu were being donated by RA.  Kudos for that!RA isn't my kinda thing but I would go back for happy hour or late night...the scene is a little too moda LA for me.
2	I used to frequent this RA on a very regular basis and absolutely loved it. Always received great service and was seated in a timely manner (even during rush time) I just went here with a girlfriend a couple of Fridays ago and it was awful. I would give it one star except I'm hoping this might be a one time thing however many signs indicated it is not. The wait was AT LEAST 30 minutes long, thinking it was worth it we waited, saw some friends and they got sat at a table large enough for us all to sit together so we only waited about 20. We were sat outside after being told there were misters to keep us cool. the misters were about 9 ft high and pointing in the wrong direction so we all sat there in an uncomfortable humid state of sweat. We asked multiple times for extra menus and place settings and did not get them until AFTER our food was served. No soy sauce on the table had to wait for that too. My friend and I ordered sake bombers and they gave us water glasses instead of bomber glasses...they said they kept breaking so they don't provide them anymore. What kind of sushi restaurant does not have the appropriate glasses for bombers? They must be really struggling financially. Our server was dull and unenthusiastic, no desire to please. Asked for more water and got it about 15 minutes later. If I wasn't enjoying the company so much I probably would have lost it and asked to speak to a manager. Server also didn't get my friends order right and so they didn't get one of the rolls they ordered until we were almost finished eating. Also they took away the mushrooms in the veggie tempura one of my fav items, big bummer for me. We didn't dare order desert even though we wanted it. All of us are very good tippers and we couldn't even decide if this server deserved a tip. We ended up leaving 15% instead of 20-25%. I considered that very generous. There are way too many new sushi restaurants that contend with RA or are better for me to have any desire to go back again. I wouldn't be surprised if this location shut down if they keep up that quality of service.
4	Shopping at Kierland over the holiday weekend & got hungry, so we decided to try RA. I originally saw RA in Old Town, but opted to dine elsewhere. Methinks it was divine intervention that led us here the next day. Their HH goes from 3-7p, Mon-Sat. Now that's a good HH! We ordered a shrimp tempura roll, spicy tuna & rainbow roll. Like previously mentioned on here, I was amazed that they had a rainbow roll on their HH menu.  Our sushi & service was great, AND it was a cheap dinner! We will definitely come back when in Scottsdale.
4	This place was always great. The atmosphere is energetic and the prices are very reasonable! Sometimes the service lags when they get super busy but the management really makes things right, should there ever be a problem. Sitting at the sushi bar is always a great experience too! Especially if it's a busy night; there's usually a seat opening up there pretty quickly!
5	Saw Alice Cooper here at lunch a couple weeks ago.Food was good, too.  :)  But 5-stars for having one of the coolest customers ever!
1	Not a fan...boring food and their service stinks!They wouldn't serve our party water (on the patio-mid summer) until the whole party arrived! LAME
4	Quite surprisingly (but in a pleasant way), this joint had some pretty darn good sushi.  I mean, really - landlocked?  Desert?  Where water is uber-scarce?  They put on a good happy hour.  We stuffed ourselves with edamame, salmon and tuna nigiri, squid salad, 'RA'ckin shrimp, Vegas roll, rainbow roll, salmon carpaccio, and a couple other yummies.  Their sake sangria was quite tasty.One thing I could've done without was the music volume - we had to yell to converse, and I felt like I was in a dance club.  Turn it down, yo!
5	I Love this Place !!! one of my FAVS for Sushi !  they have great Bento Boxes for lunch that are resonable priced, my Favorite is the Shrimp Tempura ! Good prices on Cocktails, and Japanese Beer !  if you get on their e-mail list, they will send you coupons, that are $10.00, and $20.00 off, and great to Celebrate birthday's !  Good Service, also !
4	Ra boasts a fine happy hour.  The seaweed salad is fabulous and the rolls are sufficient.  Like the rest of the area, the scene at this location is full of cougars and trouts.  The patio area is nice and offers a view of Kierland's shopping area.    Stingray at Scottsdale Quarter is also open and Sapporo is nearby as well.....
4	Walked over here from the Kierland Westin Resort.There was no wait when we arrived and they hostess was very friendly. The decor was nice and fit the place pretty well. They had a DJ playing music until closing. The music was a good touch!We came here on a Sunday night around 8:30 so we were able to catch their happy hour menu. Which had a lot of appetizers and rolls for almost 40% original price. The chicken yakitori was delicious! The chicken was so moist and tender. The rainbow, spicy salmon and California roll were good too. The spicy salmon definitely had a spicy kick to it. We also go the sweet potatoes and asparagus tempura, the sweet potatoe was really yam. The slices of "sweet potatoe" were so thick it wasn't great. The asparagus was good on the other hand. The pork gyoza was yummy too! I'm getting hungry just thinking about the gyoza. Don't get the grilled short ribs whatever you do, they were burnt and fatty. I took a bite and spit it back on my plate because it was chewable. But pretty good sushi.
2	I went back recently with a friend for happy hour. We were excited to have some sushi and enjoy a drink on this nice night. We were told that there were no tables outside available for happy hour except for high tops, where we could seat ourselves. As we walked over to the high top table area, we passed at least one open table in the happy hour section (for which we weren't even offered to wait). Our server brought us menus, waters, and then disappeared. When she finally came back, my friend ordered a blushing geisha. After that, the waitress left and over the next 25 minutes, frequently checked on her other tables around us, but ignored us completely. Finally, after getting her attention, she took our food order. I asked for a sample of a red wine, and the glass came out filthy and unpolished. When our food arrived, the server took our edamame before we had finished them. We also had to ask for soy sauce (the dispenser was empty), wasabi and ginger. I was really shocked, because RA has such a good reputation. Needless to say, this server did not get a good tip, and the only reason I will return is because I am particularly fond of one of their happy hour items.
4	Ordered roasted shishito peppers, short ribs, and a chirashi bowl for lunch.  The chirashi bowl came with miso soup.   The soup was very light  and delicious. Love the shishito peppers.  It brought back my childhood memories.  I've eaten at many Japanese restaurants in the past but this was the first time i have seen it on the menu.   The  chirashi bowl had a few kinds of fish chunks with some vegetables and it was good.  However, the short ribs were dry and had no taste.  It was also cold.  If you have a short lunch time you should not go there.
1	Food was mediocre. Service was terrible. After getting served our unsweet tea, the waitress disappeared for 10 minutes. No sugar/sweet & low/splenda. Her excuse? We ordered unsweet tea, so she figured we would not want any sweetener. I explained that means I don't want it PRE-sweetened. Took our order, disappeared. Edamame was terrible. Salad & soup mediocre. Sushi sampler was not marked as spicy but somehow had wasabi hidden under each piece of fish. Meat was mediocre. Waitress disappeared again. When she came back, she said that her sister had her car with a dead battery and she had to leave, and the manager would take care of us. Nobody ever came by the table.I wandered the restaurant to find someone to refill my tea. I showed the manager, she walked away. Waiting for the replacement sushi without wasabi took forever. I asked the manager how long does it take to make RAW FISH? No response. No apologies. No discount off the bill. When I asked for the bill, the waitress that supposedly had to leave to do something with her sister/car brought us the bill. Odd, thought she had to leave and could not take care of us with the same level of disservice that she had done so far.Wasted $33 and over an hour and will not return. The reason the restaurant is quiet is that we saw very few people actually eating there. That should have been our first sign. Waiting for the waitress to order, we finally got up to leave and she happened to show up as we were heading towards the door. That was our 2nd sign, we should have kept walking. When we finally left after this bad experience, we saw other restaurants nearby that seemed to be full of people eating and enjoying themselves. Pick one of those and save your time and money.
4	Ra is a sushi classic in AZ. I love everything here except the calamari, the thick pieces just aren't my thing.The service is decent and the menu is simple, great happy hour!
1	This place has the worst service and sushi food. I have been to several places but this one takes the cake for being the worst. The waitress disappeared without coming back with the change. Unbelievable.
3	This will be short and sweet.  Went on Friday night and waited to sit outside.  Was worth waiting for because of the weather.  Service was LAME.  The waiter was so incredibly slow/miserable/uninterested/checked out that it was painful to experience.  His first statement to us was that he couldn't bring us water or plates because he was waiting for them to be cleaned, but eventually we would get them.  But the food was great so I wasn't sure how to rate the place. (hence the 3 stars) Got several rolls, the potsticker soup, and some drinks.  All the food was good and the atmospere was cool as well.  I would go again because I hate to let yummy food go because of a coma induced waiter.
2	Place is avg.  Sushi was good but the red sangria saki was bad. Service was sporadic and we had a one plate that they forgot to put the sauce on, and another couple plates they tried to give us which we did not order.   I would try to find another place.
3	The most recent time I went to RA, the hostess was MIA so I walked past the entrance and stood awkwardly at the bar for a few minutes. A girl whom I assumed to be the hostess walked by me and I smiled dumbly, hoping she would assume I needed help... but she smiled and kept walking. So I walked back to the hostess counter and stood there waiting for her to acknowledge me. Basically every time I go it's a version of this story.The sushi is cheaper than Stingray and better than Sapporo, but I almost need to prepare myself for battle to just get a meal there.
5	We just got back to NY from a stay in Scottsdale and loved Ra so much we went there twice!  The happy hour deal is ridiculous.  The Ra'kin Shrimp roll was soooo different from anything we've ever had.  Great food, great service, great ambiance.  Def lives up to NY sushi standards.
4	My husband and I came here for my bday and our anniversary dinner. I just had twins a few months ago so I hadn't had sushi in almost a year! Way too long to wait if you ask me!!! We got a table on the patio and ordered a ton of sushi off the happy hour menu. Service is what you would expect during a busy happy hour, not horrible but not fantastic either. We had to ask for bowls for our soy sauce twice, which sucked waiting to dig in to my sushi after such a long wait! Sushi was decent as were the prices. We'll be back, celebration or not.
2	Their Viva Las Vegas Roll is always good, but the service always leaves you with a bittersweet taste. We don't plan on going back!!
4	I was with a mixed group of sushi lovers and sushi newbies.  Ra was a great choice to cater to all.  Atmosphere was loud and lively.  The restaurant was very dark - could barely make out the menus.  Lots of outside seating as well.  The place was PACKED but luckily we managed to snag a table.  We ordered family style, including spicy tuna rolls, seaweed salad, the Viva Las Vegas, soft-shell crab rolls, tempura, chicken teriyaki, and a few other things that I can't remember.  Even the sushi newbies loved all the sushi items!  They were also turned on to Asahi.  Our waitress graciously split the bill evenly 7 ways with 7 credit cards and no attitude.  Total came to about $27 each, which was a very reasonable price.    Would come back next time I'm in town.....
4	I'm not a sushi person but I love RA"s happy hour. There are non-sushi items that I can order and be satisfied with.The patio area with the high top tables are my favorite place to sit, especially since it's located in the mall, you can ''people watch'' while you eat!My friend ordered the Las Vegas roll which was a Yelp favorite. I ordered the California Roll, Edamame & Chicken Kabobs. Their happy menu varies from $2 items to $7 items (still not bad for happy hour!)The white sake sangria was my cocktail of choice and was SO DELISH. It was fruity, fresh and hit the spot.Not problems with service.This RA location is located in the Kierland Commons mall next to jCREW.
4	4.5 Stars!Great place for a first time date or a night out with friends!Happy hour menu is amazing, food is always good, staff mostly friendly but give them a passing B ;)Best part is RA's location, great for a walk after wards if you're on your first date.
2	The next few times that I went in (2 times to be exact), there was a hair in my food. The first time I sent my food back, the 2nd time I spoke with a manager. Since speaking with a manager I have not had a problem, and he was very well-meaning and hospitable. The only thing that keeps me coming back is their garlic citrus yellowtail. It is ridiculously good, when there aren't hairs in it.
5	I love this place.  Tops the sushi places in Las Vegas.
4	Leaps and bounds ahead of every other sushi spot in the Phoenix area (especially Sushi 101) as far as taste goes. The atmosphere is always great, the service is generally quick, and the food is amazing.I was a little put off by one of the sushi chefs preparing rolls with a band-aid on his ungloved hand. I realize that they have a license to prepare food without gloves, but having a bandaged hand preparing it was a little unsettling. If my food had been prepared by this sushi chef, I probably would have left 2 stars.Other than that, the Las Vegas Roll and the Tootsy Maki are both absolutely delicious.
5	I Love RA!!  I usually go there for lunch.  They have a great lunch menu with bento boxes, bowls, and sushi or sashimi combos.  I also LOVE the veggie tempura!  They also have a great happy hour menu and pricing.  I come here as often as I can.
4	Okay, okay... I know this is like my 4th update, but things have really changed! RA has really stepped it up with its management and quality of food. I still LOVE their happy hour, and I am here at least once a week with friends. If there is ever a problem- and there rarely is anymore- the management fixes it at once. I still love the garlic citrus yellowtail, and have added new favorites to my list as well, including the crunchy calamari rill, zonie roll, rainbow roll, etc. Although I still think most of their rolls are small (the zonie roll, and others), their happy hour prices make them affordable. I wouldn't go here during a regular, non-happy hour time, unless it was for a lunch special. In addition, their drinks are delicious. I like the dragon bite and the blushing geisha. I really recommend going in for their happy hour deals! One pointer - I do not recommend sitting in the bar area. The service in that area has not improved, and you can get the same happy hour prices in the dining room area with far better service. The only downfall to the whole indoor area of the restaurant is that it is very, very loud. Also- they could improve their hostesses a little- I don't know if it is a lack of training or what, but they always seem clueless, cold and brash.
4	This sushi bar is wonderful. Marlena was our bartender/waitress and was great. She was so helpful in picking out items that were gluten free and delicious. With allergies its sometimes difficult to tell what's in everything. Both the sushi and drinks were good.
4	I just followed the recommendation from FourSquare which also offer a free Edamame as an appetizer, and I'm glad I did. They open late even weekdays, which is convenient for me who often end up with looking for a place to eat a dinner after 9pm.  A lot of healthy choices with reasonable price and decent volume. I will probably go back there when I go Phoenix again next time. But Sushi Nigiri from a la carte menu are pricy. I did not see any Asian Sushi Chef in the Sushi counter, which is not very common in the area I live (MD, DC, VA), but I suppose that is not unusual in Phoenix. Sushi quality was still pretty good.
2	This particular RA has confused the difference between an appetizer and an entree. I ordered both an app and an entree. The entree comes out with nary an app in sight. The explanations ( yes multiple) 1) this app takes longer than entrees to cook ( then why is it on the "starter" menu???) and the other is " we serve family style so we bring things out when they are ready". Really ? It doesn't say that on the menu which CLEARLY has "starters" and main dishes delineated. That's just lazy restaurant operations.
1	This place sucks ass.  Went there on Sunday night to watch game and eat sushi.  Place wasn't busy yet it took the hostess about 10 mins to acknowledge us.  I said we would like to sit at bar and watch game.  She pointed and said you have to go sit at outside bar.  Wtf?We walk out, sit down and ignored again by staff.  After waiting for another 10 mins we walked across to pizza place and were actually treated like an appreciated customer.Lost my business for good.
2	Stopped by today for some Sushi with my heterosexual life partner.We were seated by the hostess quickly but waited ten or more minutes to be waited on.  The hostess noted we had not been servedand went to find a waiter.  There was a delay even after that point.This did provide us with plenty of time to get our order of sushi.  When our waiter arrived he tried to leave after taking  the drink order.  I stopped him and had him take our sushi order before he wandered off again.This level of service is what I would expect in Greece where literally I have had to chase waiters down to get a beer.The sushi when it arrived was good.  We enjoyed the Las Vegas roll and the Gojira roll (GoJiiiirrrraaa!!!!) the most.The fried banana desert was splendid.Overall the quality of the food was shadowed by the at best indifferent service.
3	The Las Vegas is a mouth full you may not want to try to eat this if your on a first date.The service isn't great but, it's worth a try if your in the mood for sushi
5	My favorite sushi restaurant by far.Happy hour is from 4-7 and amazing. They also have a reverse happy hour late night.I've had really good service at the Kierland location... So pretty at night! Great atmosphere to go out and have some drinks and HEALTHY food with friends.
2	While I don't consider myself a sushi connoisseur, I do know good service. I'm always willing to give you the benefit of the doubt and cut you some slack, but when there are only 4 tables and the place is empty, cmon. It seemed there were more workers than customers and it literally took 1.5 hours for dinner. Wtf. 10 minutes just to get waited on. Another 15 for him to come back to take our order. All pepsi products, no dr pepper or pibb (ugh!). Even the sushi on the happy hour seemed outrageous. With so many sushi places, no real reason to come back here. Too expensive, too poor of service, good food I guess, but most sushi tastes the same to me.
4	I love RA. I am a sushi fan, but I am somewhat of a a newbie so Im not quite sure what I like, and RA is the best place to be indecisive. They have an amazing happy hour with numerous wines, beers and cocktail specials and sushi and appetizers that range between $4-$8. Service is super hit-or-miss. There are a few girls there who are extremely attentive and personable, and other times it takes about 15 minutes to get greeted and get drinks.
2	Food was great! Service was the worst I've experienced in a long time. So disappointed. I went here with my friends last night for HH. I've been to RA before but tonight I had my $20 gift certificate for my half bday. I love this! I used this last year and couldn't wait to do it again. The Vegas roll is amazing! Now to the service. I initally sat inside but when my friends arrived we went out to the patio. The male server who brought me my drink inside was great! When we went outside and had a new server everything went down hill. First the server only brought us 1 menu for a table of 3 people. We had to ask for the HH menu and she dropped it down and walked away. When we ordered I asked if she could leave the HH menu there in case we wanted to order more drinks and she got an attitude with me (wasn't the first time) and told me she needed to make room on the table so she took it from me. I've noticed that the last couple of times I go to RA they leave the wasbi off of the sushi plates and I have to request for it when i receive my rolls. I had to do this last night and she again responded with an attitude and walked away. She never asked if we wanted refills. She was upset when I was trying to explain who was going to pay what with our cards. She came back with our cards she handed my check to me and mispronounced my name purposely (it's Jaime) so...  gave her my gift certificate and it seemed like the total owed was off she ignored us when we tried to call her over. She looked straight at us and kept walking. I just paid and left. I have no clue why she was in such a bad attitude but it's ashamed because I love the food and she made our experience horrible. Never going back there again and I'm going to vocalize our experience to my friends (at least not at that location).
1	Slow Service. This has been our family's favorite restaurant but over our last three visits we have become so frustrated with the predictably slow service that we won't return.  We wanted to give it one last chance, but last night was our last visit.  The food was great as always, but the service is so slow you feel as though your business is being taken for granted.   We ordered cocktails first, which took ages to arrive.  Our starter arrived in a reasonable amount of time, but no soy sauce.  The server did not return and to our amazement there was not soy sauce on any of the outdoor tables, so we had to walk into the main restaurant to ask for it.   Nobody else ordered a second drink or desert as we were now sitting so long we were physically uncomfortable and just wanted to be out of there.  Waiting for the check was another unreasonably long process.  Unfortunately, poor service has become the standard at this location and with so many other choices in the area we will not return.
4	I've been craving sushi way too often lately. This place, conveniently located next to the Westin, was a pleasant surprise when it popped up on our Yelp map while we were roaming for sushi.The ambiance will leave an impression on you. The room is lit by a pleasant glow of red light and we instantly felt welcomed and excited to start our meal.Garlic Edamame, Edamame dip, and Pepper Shishito are a must. We mostly ordered nigiri, and were satisfied with everything they put down on the table. Highlights include eel, salmon, octopus, and sweet egg. All worth a try if you have the appetite.Distinguishing factor: Chic decor, accentuated by the glowing red globes on the ceiling.
5	What a great experience we had on our FIRST time here.  The service and food were outstanding!  Could not be happier.My husband gets his hair cut next door, at V's, so I met him there for Happy Hour and sat outside.  We were seated immediately.  Our server was very cheery and helpful.  The place is very clean.  Great Atmosphere.  Now, if only my husband could get his hair cut EVERY WEEK, so that we can stop in at RA, life would be perfect!
3	Hello Yelp'ers,Came here today while I was at a conference and had some drinks with my team. They had a GREAT happy hour and good drinks.  however, my big complaint was the mens restroom.  While some good decorations, it stunk to high hell.  Really killed my happy hour mood due to the stench. Went back to the hotel to commence drinks. Happy yelping,
3	I headed to Ra for a happy hour with a couple of friends last week.  We sat outside and were quite comfortable, thanks to the well placed heaters.  Our server was nice enough, but not very engaging.  We really enjoyed the pineapple cream cheese wontons - enough that we ordered a second serving!  The spicy salmon and Tootsy Maki rolls were delicious, but we weren't very impressed with the Vegas roll... it had an overwhelming strong mayo taste.  Otherwise, it would've been a very tasty roll though.Not a bad happy hour spot, if you are looking for some cheaper sushi, but the drinks are still pretty pricey.   At the very end of our meal, our server brought over two drinks that she said they "wanted us to try" - nice, but there were three of us... one of us was supposed to just watch the others drink, I guess?  And unfortunately, the free drink was absolutely unpalatable - some kind of strawberry sake martini? Avoid it if at all possible.  Instead, the Mango Martini and the Shiso Naughty are much better options!
2	I don't know what happened to this spot, atmosphere is still great, but I was there for lunch a few days ago, ordered vegas roll + spicy tuna & they were both terrible..literally my friend and I had maybe 1 or 2 rolls each..bland, no taste & stale..hard to find good sushi in this town these days..
3	The food: absolutely great.  Started off with the pineapple cheese wontons - really, really good, but if you don't eat the coleslaw they're served on, you missed the best part!  Tempura rolls were something special, the others were quite good as well.   Really enjoyed it!The service: fair.  The ordering with a checklist thing was annoying, and it didn't work well.  We ordered 4 types of rolls, only got 3, had to ask for the fourth one.  Hello?  It was in writing!The ambience: Ouch.  Maybe it was because it was happy hour, but as we sat there the music got louder and louder.  By the time we left, it was almost to the point of pain.Recommendation: Do carryout, so you can enjoy the food without audio assault.
5	Love this place! I've been here quite a bit and every time is amazing! Went here for lunch at around 1 in the afternoon and had amazing service! Wasn't too busy and our food came out super quick! I'm talking less than 5 minutes after we ordered it! The spicy tuna roll is a classic must have and the viva Las Vegas roll is something everyone should try! I wanted to try something different so I got the Zonie Roll and it was amazing! Wasn't as spicy as it sounds which makes it ten times better! Definitely cannot wait to go back here to try other things on the menu!
2	I'm a fan of RA and this was my first visit to this location. I went with a friend and my daughter during happy hour so I expected it to be busy. When we arrived we gave our name to one hostess and she said they were cleaning a table so we should be seated shortly. About 5 mins later another party of 2 arrived and they gave our table to them so we ended up waiting another 10 mins for a table. We ordered and wanted our appetizer first but they ended up bringing our sushi first and our appetizer last!?? Our waiter was horrible obviously he wasn't hired for being a good waiter. He cared more about flirting with us and other guest. When it was time to pay we split the bill and he never brought back change. I tried getting his attention but he didn't care. I was to fed up to wait for my change. He definitely didn't deserve that $10 tip on a $35 bill. Beside the bad service the sushi was great which is why I give them 2 stars. They need to train the staff with better customer service.
5	Love the Sushi rolls, Ra Rockin Shrimp, and of course we hit up the reverse happy hour you can't beat the prices after 10pm.
4	Great food, ~good service, cool atmosphere, loud hard surfaces (which seems to the trend) a little pricey.Yeah, I would go back
4	I really enjoy coming here for the happy hour/reverse happy hour. The staff is hit or miss, if you a have a good one then you will be well taken care of unfortunately if you have a bad one prepare to wait forever to even order. I'd love a few more vegetarian options on there but I definitely make do with what they've got. Drinks are usually good but sometimes a little strong for me, but I'm a wuss so people who like to taste the alcohol will like them a lot. :) They aren't really prepared for younger kids to come in so keep that in mind if you are bringing family. Oh. and its ALWAYS really loud with the music.
2	Tuna tataki it's where it's at. Ra does a good job with it's Sashimi dishes, but comes up short with it's rolls. The six that my group ordered all derived from Califormia rolls which are safe and boring. I ordered:Tropical Roll with, " Cucumber, mango & avocado rolled & topped with spinach tempura bits, spicy shrimp mixed with masago & mango salsa," Unfortunately the mix was so cold that it was flavorless. I tried to let it sit until last, and ate my other food, but it wasn't good. I ended up leaving it on the table. The Ultimate Shrimp Tempura: with, " Spicy kani kama crab mix, cucumber & shrimp tempura rolled & topped with seared tuna & avocado." It tasted like a california with avocado and resembled a rainbow roll. There was little flavor from the shrimp tempura,as the boring crab mix took up most of the rollTuna Tataki: "Thinly sliced, seared ahi tuna; served with an onion soy vinaigrette" This happens to be my favorite item on the menu, and is the reason I keep coming back to Ra. The sauce is perfect with the tuna, and it's sliced perfectly. Everything about this dish is perfection.Overall, RA is a nice place to sit back and relax, but the menu is boring except for a few items. At the table there were 7 items overall, but only one warranted a second bite.
4	Met friends here last night for restaurant week. The food was fantastic and the variety offered was a great value. They even included wine or sake. The lobster rolls were very good.The only negative I found was the waiter had no idea what was on the restaurant week menu or how the whole deal worked. Once he figured it out, he did a nice job.Amazing amount of food and drink for $30.
2	My wife and I came here for Arizona Restaurant Week. We've never been to RA Sushi before, so we figured we'd check it out. This is at the Kierland Commons location in North Scottsdale. We walked in and I thought it looked really cool inside. I liked the atmosphere and thought the red lights were a good touch.Our waitress was nice, but really didn't understand the AZ Restaurant Week menu. She gave us conflicting information about it. It had been going on for at least a week but she said we were her first customers to order off that menu. Maybe she should have been trained in it better. Whatever, not a HUGE deal.We got the pot stickers for the appetizer. It was good. No complaints there. But it reminded me of the pot stickers you sample at Costco. I wonder if they got it from there. We ordered the Las Vegas roll and some other sushi assorted platter. The Vegas rolls were way too messy. I didn't know how to eat it with my chop sticks. Kubuki is better. The California rolls were super tiny too. I had no clue what the other thing was. I think it was salmon on top of white rice? Not impressive.Then came desert. We got the green tea ice cream. I couldn't finish it because it tasted too bitter. My wife informed me that it wasn't bitter, but I thought it was. Maybe my pallete is off? Anyway, it was overpriced. Our server was nice, but she didn't really go above and beyond. Would I come back? Probably not.
5	I'm fairly new to the sushi world..so I have had a lot of catching up to do over the last few years. I have tried SO many places and by far RA has been my favorite. Amazing food, affordable prices...especially the happy hour menu and the staff is so friendly and attentive. The manager Kearstin was so nice. She made us feel welcome and made sure everything was ok throughout our lunch. RA is my go to place for amazing sushi and service!
4	I don't know if it's Arizona or RA but the service here was exceptional. I've never seen anything like that - especially in NYC. First of all, garlic edamame? Who came up with that? Genius. They took a little long to get some sauces out to us so the manager came over, apologized and took some $$ off our bill. It was totally unnecessary but totally appreciated. Great food, fun space.
2	We came here for the much touted Happy Hour. Pricing was OK. We ordered appetizers, a couple of rolls, and a couple of orders of Sushi.  The service was excellent! Our server was pretty attentive. The beef short ribs and shrimp tempura were pretty tasty.  The tempura and calamari rolls were good..............The nigiri suishi was sliced pretty thinly.  I kind of expected to see a Japanese suishi chef at a Japanese restaurant.........not one in sight.  The chef didn't even know how to hold a suishi knife properly. I was kind of suprised to hear so much spanish spoken behind the suishi bar.  The suishi chef acted irritated whenever we ordered a dish. We ended the evening with a tempura cinnamon ice cream concotion. Tasty dish!Its really loud here.........so if you are looking for a nice quiet evening, this is not he place to come to...............
4	Have lost count of how many times I've eaten inside and on the patio.  Perfect for chilled healthy food in the AZ summer, especially during Happy Hour when the Sushi & drinks are deeply discounted.  The food & service are consistently fabulous, and the atmosphere fun.  Fun to shop till you drop at the Kierland shops afterward.
1	I have been to RA a couple of times at different locations. My main thought is that it is WAAAAAAAY overpriced. $10 for a well martini? REALLY?? One trip, I got 2 drinks, peppers, and one or two sushi rolls (which are relatively small), and I paid $60!! Yes...60 bucks for ONE person to not even get full! I then heard from a friend that happy hour is the best time to go...prices on happy hour items are a bit more reasonable. So...I went to the late night (10-close) happy hour last weekend.We walked up and saw a few tables of people outside, and inside there were no more than a handful more...good, not too busy. There was one other woman waiting at the host stand so we stood behind her. We stood there...and stood there...and stood there. Several times employees walked by; one even gave a polite little head nod which verified that none of us were invisible. However, even after several times of poking our heads around the dining area and toward the bar tender, no host ever came. We even walked around the fish tank at the entrance thinking maybe someone would come over out of concern that we were essentially BEHIND the host table. Nope! After at least 10 minutes of being completely ignored we finally gave up and left. That other woman stayed. That was about a week ago. She very well may still be waiting there. We went to a different restaurant where we paid much less than we would have at RA (even at happy hour prices) and where we were served very quickly.I have had it with RA. Food is expensive and the taste/quality is mediocre...more presentation than substance. They use tricks to make the food appear larger than it is...spreading out the pieces of sushi roll, garnishing with sauces and some items to make the dish appear taller. It looks nice of course, but when you're hungry, the aesthetics don't fill you up! Happy hour was my last attempt at allowing them to win me as a customer...and I never made it past the entrance.
3	RA Sushi is a fun place to go and it has a great Happy Hour!We came here yesterday on Father's Day for brunch and were seated very quickly. I am not a big fan of the Americanize sushi craze. I was brought up on the old school counter seats and conveyor belt setup, with different colored plates. But, RAs does a nice job and has a well deserved reputation for good sushi and as an after work watering hole.  We started with Edamame, which was very flavorful.  Our waiter was eager to help, offering to tell us everything he knew about the menu and sushi.  Over the top for sure, but very nice just the same.The sushi portions are the Americanized thick cut with an exaggerated piece of fish that hangs over the rice on either side. I was less impressed by California Rolls which are made with a crab salad, rather than strips of crab.  It also had a fishy taste. If you are sushi purist, you might not enjoy it. We skipped their famous Sake Bombers, since it was before Noon. But we had a very nice Father's Day and enjoyed the atmosphere of RA's.  Our bill came to a reasonable $19.00 per person, including taxes and gratuities. So, Three Stars "A-OK' in Yelp-ese.
4	Reasonable prices, great service, unique and delicious rolls.  This one is also in a great location right in Kierland Commons.  I consider myself very picky when it comes to sushi and this is a place I am very appreciative of having recommended to me.  I am a true fan of RA!
1	PROMOTE YOUR OWN BENEFIT !!You are doing a wonderful thing for the Yarnell firefighters and 100 Club of Arizona.  I stopped in July 12th and there was no sign in the restaurant that told customers about this benefit.  The bartenders, waiters and servers said NOTHING about it.  So, for those of you reading this on Saturday, July 13th please stop in.  RA Sushi will donate 100 percent of the profits from all menu items sold to the 100 Club of Arizona for its Survivors Fund in memory of the Granite Mountain Hotshots.. Profits from all of RA Sushi's dine-in food items, beverages and alcohol will be included in the fundraiser, in addition to all take-out orders.
3	It was OK, but I remember it being much better. Met a friend there for dinner and should have chosen a different place just for the noise level. The place is loud, so I'm officially old. The bar is right in the front and was packed at 7 on a Saturday, but they sat us right away at the sushi bar. The service was quick and the sushi chef was helpful, though it was hard to hear him (again, old). My wife and I had the 'RA'llipop, RAckin Roll, Chili Ponzu Yellowtail, toro nigiri, salmon nigiri, king crab nigiri. My buddy ordered a watermelon and kiwi salad with shrimp and sushi that I lost track of. When we asked the sushi chef about salmon skin he told us it was 'kind of like bacon' and made some for us to try (no, not like bacon...).The RAllipops and the Chili Ponzu were the standouts of the evening and the toro nigiri and king crab nigiri were a bit of a disappointment. The toro was a little fattier than I like (I know, some folks like that), and the king crab had a lot less flavor than I'd remembered it having and tasted a little like refrigerator. I would have given four stars (the service was five) but for the value. I really expected knock out sushi. It was 'good sushi', at a 'great sushi' price point. (And too loud for this old man).
4	The Ra in Kierland has one of my favorite patios in AZ. Awesome happy hour.
2	Went here for reverse happy hour with some friends.  Never been a huge fan of Ra considering I feel there are other better sushi restaurants around, but the majority wanted to go here so I went.  Definitely good happy hour prices but still not all that great.  I ordered for the hubby and I:  the chicken wings, tootsie maki roll, Ra-ukin Shrimp and korean bbq short ribs.  I honestly don't have a lot to say about this place because there is nothing sticking out of my mind.  For all of that, my bill came to $33 including an 18% gratuity.
4	I love the food here!  The sushi is always so fresh and delicious, and everything has such great flavor. The staff is always friendly, although possibly not trained the best on the official terms of ingredients in their dishes.  You can always find a table with a minimum wait. Their happy hour is fantastic. I love it!  This is a staple in our rotation of restaurants.
4	Kowasaki made amazing sushi for us at the sushi bar, and our server, Adriana, was really attentive and so genuinely friendly! The sake salmon sashimi is sublime and the ra'llipop roll is one if my favorite types if rolls: no rice and tons of delicious fish!Overall, a terrific experience, plus excellent happy hour. This place just made it into our regular rotation!
3	I only gave this 3 stars because of the taste of the food.  RA always has a great selection.  This was the first time going to this particular location.  We were very disappointed.  Our waiter took more than 4 minutes to even come to our table and greet us and take our drink orders. Just a little information before I go on....this was at 3pm on a Saturday and they were not busy AT ALL.  He finally gets our drink order (sodas) and it takes him a while to deliver them.  We place our food order, several minutes later we get our food but never received our soups as our appetizer.  That got corrected after bringing it up to our server.  Now all our drinks were empty and needed refilled.  We had to flag him down and ask for refills, he had his hands full so would be "right back".  He didn't come back, we had to again track him down to get more soda.  While we were waiting I went to the restroom, it was gross, papertowels overflowing and trash on the floor.  The restaurant itself looked a lot like this also.  There were wrappers and debri all over the dining area.  You would think being in North Scottsdale Keirland things would look nicer.  We will be sticking to the south scottsdale location where we know we get great service and the place is clean!
4	One of my favorite sushi places in az. I'm from California so my sushi standards are high and while there is no comparison to Cali sushi, this is a close second. Ive tried about 6 sushi places in az and been dissapointed and felt totally ripped off but ra has some great deals and quality for your money. My favorite is the seared tuna with a sweet onion sauce and their salmon roll with asparagus. Everything is fresh and fast. The bartender Eric ALWAYS takes great care of us and always has some entertaining and morally objective stories to keep us entertained. They USED to have a great happy hour menu but they changed it and I am not impressed . I haven't been back for hh since the change and I hope they revert to the original hh menu. One nice touch is they are good about pouring your beer/saki in a nice cold/hot glass and refilling it as it goes down. Its the little touches that matter!
5	Best sushi happy hour I've been too. Gotta get the crispy spicy tuna and the shishito peppers.  Great patio too.
5	I love, love, love their garlic edamame! I have had them at other sushi restaurants but nothing can compare! I wish they bottled their sauce!! Go during happy hour!!
4	Great customer service and great food. It is in a great area, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
1	Bad experience on reservation. Called before we left the house and reserved seats for 15 people, they did not notify us that there's no seat available. We drove 2 hours to try their food and hoping to get  seated on time.  instead, we have to wait 2 hours. We ended up going to the other new ra sushi  at north Scottsdale since there was no wait and food were served less than the time waiting on this branch
5	Best sushi in town. I usually don't like that fishy stuff but hell.... I'll take it! Plus there drinks are always mixed on the heavy side.
2	As usual a friend and I were feeling hungry so we decided to go to Ra for a quick bite to eat. It was New Years Eve and the restaurant was pretty busy at around 9pm. There weren't any tables available so the hostess offered us a seat us at the sushi bar. Seeing it as I work at a sushi restaurant myself and knowing how difficult it is to seat the sushi bar i agreed and she showed us the way. This is where it gets confusing. When we got to the sushi bar she just stood there and I had to ask her if we could just sit anywhere or if she had a specific spot where she wanted us to sit. She said we could sit anywhere but then motioned to two empty seats in front of her. Assuming that's where she wanted us to sit, we took a seat. That's when I noticed that the spot where she sat us had been dirty. Soy sauce was on the table. There were no set ups, a random plate off to the side, etc. Before she left I called her over and said excuse me miss, there's soy sauce on the table (implying the spot was dirty) she said oh, went to wipe it down and just left. She didn't give us set ups, nor did she take away the dirty dishes on top of the bar. I remember there was 2 hostesses. I didn't catch either of their names but it def wasn't the taller blonde one. Our server was nice, for the two whole minutes he was around but didn't really come back after that.Our sushi was mediocre as Ra sushi tends to be. We didn't order much but my sashimi was a bit tough and chewy.
2	Poor service - Dirty tables and they waited until after my order was in for 20 minutes to tell me they didn't have the item I ordered. I have to request a menu to order something else and then they told me there would be a wait because their kitchen was backed up. The food I did order was not very good, very inconsistent.
4	So yummy! It was a little longer than I like to wait for my food but it's always worth it.
4	I like this place... the simple fact they restaurant is open until midnight but the bar is open until 1am on a weekdays, I'm up for another round of sushi at 11 PM.
2	I had been a regular here and placed fairly decent sized take out orders weekly. The food is always good although they don't always get substitutions right. Since substitutions are sometimes about allergies that isn't super. Anyway, I had not been here in a few months because I got really tired of how terrible the young girls taking the orders over the phones were. I decided I would give it another chance and called tonight around 4:30 to place a take out order. I gave Whitney my name and was about to place my order when I was asked if I could hold. 5 minutes later I was still holding and I hung up. Management, train your employees on customer service. I doubt I am the only business you are losing!  It's really sad too when you love a restaurants sushi but the employees can't take a take out order and treat customers properly at off hours. Guess next time I'm craving RA I will be driving to old town. Hopefully they are managed better and value their customers their. Bye bye Kierland. Too many fails for the least acceptable reason.
5	Great presentation, great service, great tasting food.  Simple and easy, no hassle tasty food.  Just how I like it.
2	I work in the area and decided to meet a couple friends for dinner. Wrong decision. The place was busy. But not packed i.e. several open tables that just needed busing. The hostesses were unnecessarily rude and threw a lot of sass about how "it is a Friday night". Fine. I can take a rude 17 year old. But I don't think it takes 3 hostesses to do the job. How about clearing the empty tables we've been staring at for the past 40 minutes? The ladies room was disgusting. The stalls were out of supplies and in need of attention. The waitress seemed like she could care less about her job. The food was mediocre (it's Ra we're talking about) and an item was ultimately comped due to the ineptitude of multiple servers. Needless to say, there are much better choices around the Kierland area with both better food and service. I was so over the whole experience. From beginning to end. Not even worth it for Happy Hour. Meh.
4	Always a good experience here. We only seem to come when we have $20 half birthday certificates and our waiter is usually the same guy (hi Jimmy), but no complaints. I love coming during happy hour and getting more bang for my buck. We love their "RA"ckin' shrimp appetizer, the sauce is so good. Sushi is always reliable. Out of the desserts I've tried, I love the banana split maki. The mochi is okay and the fried gelato wasn't as good as I anticipated.
3	My daughter and I had a reservation and we were seated right away.  Nice atmosphere and the server was friendly and was really familiar with the menu.  Food was very good and drinks were great!   Service- not so great.   Appetizer came out before our drinks then my daughters plate came 10 minutes before mine.  The manager comped my meal.  When paying the tab, server came back to the table without my change!Needs improvement in service for sure!
4	The food is simply awesome! Whether it's fresh sashimi or sushi or cooked stuff, you won't be disappointed. The calamari tempura is a must try! I would have given it 5stars except that the servers are not very attentive to those sitting inside.
4	Got together here with some friends for my birthday a while back.  They were easy to set a reservation with completely online.  Some of the group showed up late and there was a pushy group waiting for a table behind us but they made sure we still got our place in line.  The food was great and came out quick and the server had no problem splitting the tab several ways.  Definitely will continue to come back
3	I went here with a friend Shannon I hadn't seen in forever, we grabbed lunch on a beautiful cool sunny day.  Which meant the entire restaurant was sitting outside so we opted to be 1 of 3 groups that sat inside and had the place to ourselves pretty much.The waitress was pretty nice and pretty patient with us because we spent so much time chit chatting and catching up that she had to return at least 5 times before we were actually ready to order.  My friend picked the place and I decided to give it a try cause I figured a different location might be better but the food was still just okay and the apple martinis were still very very strong.  So strong that she and I had to do some more window shopping for another hour to make sure I was good enough to drive after just one drink which is insane.The place was very clean, I give them credit for that, but I personally feel for how bland the food was it's too overpriced.  But I'm guessing it's just me because I have many friends that can't stay away from here and love going back for more and more and more.
2	So I feel like I might be a little harsh....but I came from San Diego and have had high quality fish and better service at a lot more places. Let me get started. When we showed up for reverse happy hour on a weeknight I had a reservation which I showed up ready to announce to the host. We stood there for 4 minutes before the bartender actually asked if we planned on sitting, I said yes so he said he would go find someone to help us. After getting our hostess, I informed her of our dinner reservation and that we were there for happy hour. She then sat us without a happy hour menu and gave us an ordering sheet to fill out....without a pen or pencil.Not off to a good start RA. Might I add I've always been a little against commercial sushi restaurants, and so far...this was reinforcing the reasons why.BUT the server we then had was amazing! Very sweet and attentive, always asking if we needed anything else and if we had any questions. ....The food was okay. I had ordered a yellowtail roll and spicy salmon roll, both were fishy tasting. More than any other place in Scottsdale that I've tried. My boyfriend I really enjoyed the Zonie roll, which was my favorite and the Las Vegas roll which was my boyfriends and I must say, has a great presentation.If you plan on coming here, sign up for their "hooked up" email list and get new menu updates as well as free gift cards. I won't be returning, try the sushi at stingray across the street at Scottsdale Quarter.
4	Okay so before everyone gets all JUDGEY about the impossibly high rating I gave a sushi restaurant in Arizona that's part of a chain owned by Benihana (THE HORROR!), hear me out.  My office is located in the Kierland Commons. This can be nice when I want to blow half my paycheck at H&M during my lunch break, but it's not so nice when I NEED to blow half my paycheck if I want to be able to go somewhere walking distance from my office for lunch. Originally, I thought my most reasonable options were a $7 Asian Chicken Salad at Chloe's Corner or crossing Scottsdale Rd to get to Chipotle. That is, until I ventured over to RA today and saw what I had been missing.For starters, they have some amazing lunch specials.  Yes, they are pricier than Chipotle but in the grand scheme of sushi, they're pretty damn good. They have a Sashimi Lunch combo that is four pieces of salmon, tuna, and yellowtail with a miso soup and a salad for like $12.  Their Bento lunches come with so many things I can't even remember them all and cost like $9.  For the area (this mall in particular), these lunch prices are incredibly reasonable.What I got today, the Tuna Squared Salad, isn't even on the lunch menu and it totally blew my mind that for a couple bucks more than the tuna-mayo salad over greens I get at Chloe's (which is delicious BTW but that's not the point), I could be getting a huge portion of greens topped with about 5-6 pieces of seared ahi, about 5-6 slices seared sushi-grade albacore, avocado, and cashews.  These are all very expensive things!  This should be a very expensive salad! But it's $10 and it's glorious.Oh one more thing that I probably won't be getting while we're in the triple digits but I have had before and it's delightful: Miso Hot Soup.  Picture a huge miso soup full of shrimp and tofu and mushrooms with with a kick strong enough to clear your sinuses.  Plus it comes with these fried rice balls (I usually get it to go and they come on the side) that are surprisingly delicious. I always think I can save some calories and not eat them, but it never happens. Those suckers are in the soup by the second spoonful and gone before I'm half done, they're just that good.All in all, no, I don't go to RA for mind-blowingly fresh, melt-in-your-mouth sushi. But I do go for decent lunch options at prices that allow me to blow money during my lunch break the way God intended: Shopping.
4	Decent, the happy hour is good.  The patio is nice and food is generally good!
5	This place has probably the best happy hour I've ever had, fior sushi. Service is pretty great too!
3	We love coming here for happy hour. The service staff is very attentive the sushi is great and the "rock n roll" music on the patio is fun. We always have a good time at the location in Kieland. Try the shishisto peppers. Excellent!
4	This is my favorite RA. The best time to go is for the lunch specials or happy hour! Otherwise I feel that it can be a bit pricey! On Tuesdays they have the by one get one lunch special if you are apart of the "hooked up" email list. My favorite lunch special is the salmon bento box! Service is usually pretty good! Chill atmosphere.
3	We did not like this place at all.I don't understand why it was so busy.The sushi is mediocre and bland.The cucumber sunomono salad was bizarrely sweet and lemony.The only dish I actually enjoyed was the kimchi dressed salad.The service was okay and the establishment was clean.I would never eat here again.
2	This was our second time here, but we mainly returned because I had a coupon.  Even with the coupon however, it was too pricey for what we got.  The server was fine- not too friendly, but did his job.  We started with pineapple cheese wontons which ended up being the highlight of the whole meal.  Next we had the tunacado, the scallop dynamite roll and the chili ponzu yellowtail.  They were all just average- which is really what I feel about this whole restaurant- its just average.  To top it off the restaurant was freezing!  I know its hot outside, but everyone in the place was cold and they did not bother turning the air down as we requested.  There are better places -even in Arizona-for the same price or even less.
2	The atmosphere was amazing. The sushi was fresh but lacked pizzaz and taste. My order was incorrect and the waitress was busy so i ended up just shutting my mouth. The bathroom was disgusting. The price was decent .. happy hour prices. I wont be back. Major dissapointment.
3	You could read the long version or the TL; DR version.  Here's that version, MehSo we came here looking to celebrate.  Honestly I thought this was another much fancier place, but it was close and the food wasn't bad the last time we came.  We were seated immediately and had reservations that definitely were not necessary for a Tuesday afternoon.  We didn't get a better table because of the reservations and it looks like we missed the happy hour specials.  We ended up getting an appetizer, the Zonie Roll, the spicy yellow tail roll, and the Pacific roll.  The rolls themselves were creative and OK.  The fish wasn't super fresh but the rolls had good flavor to them.  Definitely not a place I'd go to WOW someone, more like somewhere we'd go if we were lazy.  The Happy Hour specials looked cool, and they do a reverse happy hour which is also fun.  Our rolls took FOREVER to come out though, to the point that the birthday party to the right of us with about 15 people got their food first even though we were seated first.  They apologized twice and took a roll off the bill, but still it didn't leave a great taste in our mouths.  The sushi didn't either.  So Meh, we thought it was alright.  Unlikely to be back.  Sushi you remain an elusive mistress in Phoenix.
4	Love this place, they always have great deals on sushi.  Great Happy Hour pricing.  Come here at least once a year for my half-birthday deal.  Great staff and fast service, definitely a must for cheap eats.
3	Came in for happy hour to meet with some friends.  The specials are mediocre at best.  I enjoyed my simple Jim Beam on the rocks with a spicy shrimp roll.  The roll itself looked like it might of been a training exercise or its just how they prepare happy hour food items (fast and not pretty at all.)  We enjoyed the patio that had misters and is nicely positioned in the shade after 3p.m.
4	Visit this place almost weekly. Frequently enjoy happy hour with and crispy spicy tuna roll and chili ponzu yellowtail. Always reasonably priced and is good quality sushi. Have bad better have had worse but it's very good for the price.
2	I love ra and have been here many times and many locations. This ra has the worst service of all! We had to ask for our server multiple times and usually do at this location. This was a Friday night and there were tons of open tables. The worst part is that they were out of fried ice cream.. The whole reason we went to Ra instead of a different sushi place. The server did nothing. I am sorry but you shouldn't be out of your desserts on a Friday night and there's clearly something wrong with this location since it was empty on a Friday night and every other ra you go to is packed beyond belief. We will be going to the other locations from now on.
1	I have been coming here for years and never considered it an exceptionally amazing but loved the happy hour and their crazy monkey roll. Well I decided to come here just for that last weekend. It was not busy at all which is very strange as it was prime time on a weekend night and we were seated outside. Let me bottom line it: the food has completely gone downhill and the service is TERRIBLE. Our waiter was nice but seemed kind of new because he would rarely come around to check on us... like 20 minute intervals at least. My husband didn't like his iced green tea so he asked he send it back, he forgot my husband's replacement drink order until we asked again for it. He said he "comped" us for the iced green tea even though we drank hardly any of it and asked for it to be sent back. He never brought us water, I had to walk inside and ask the bartender for water. He forgot the soy sauce and ramekins for our sushi, so my husband had to walk inside and ask for this as well. We're not particularly picky people but when we get a night out we expect basic service. Now on to the food, I used to LOVE the crazy monkey rolls. I mean I craved them so much it's the reason I went there last weekend. To my disappointment, it was sloppily put together and there was more cream cheese in there than anything. It actually did not even taste good.Long story short, due to the terrible service and decreasing quality of their food we will not be returning unless it only for happy hour drinks or something. There are far better sushi places in the area with comparable prices, Sakana is amazing for example.
4	Whenever my girlfriends and I need to go to HH we always choose Ra. They have a BIG HH menu and it goes until 7 which is the latest Ive found. After dinner there is still time to shop around at the stores. It is a great spot and can get busy but they will take reservations which is a huge plus for organizing a successful Happy Hour. The food is always great and we never have to wait too long for our food.
3	The sushi isn't my favorite and their edamame is very bland. The service is friendly and I love the environment. Interesting decor such as a big fish tank and cool lamps
3	Ra has been a longtime favorite of ours. Thursday night was a huge disappointment. The atmosphere is horrible at the kier land location. Music was so loud we had to yell at each other in the booth. We asked the waiter Dustin if it could be turned down a little, he laughed and said the manager will turn it up, and they did! The manager was lance. Also, they changed the happy hour menu which is really surprising since it has been a valley favorite for years. I may not be back.
3	Decent sushi joint, but the quality of their rolls was not as good as their old town location.  Definitely try the garlic edamame appetizer - it does not disappoint.  For a premium roll, the "Las Vegas" is incredible.
1	Very disappointing experience...Have been to Ra Sushi a number of times over the years and have had an overall positive view of the restaurant as a whole. Although, after my recent visit to this particular Ra Sushi location I am entirely done with them. Was in the area and saw the restaurant from the street and decided to drop in. I was by myself so decided to sit at the bar. First, it took a while for me to be greeted... From the get go the bartender (Jennifer) wasn't warm, friendly, nor accommodating. The initial interaction with the bartender would hold true for my entire experience. After being greeted I put in my drink order. The drink did not take long and was actually made very well. The issue was the horrendous customer service. I was three sips into my drink and the bartender (JENNIFER) brought me my tab.... Mind you, this was around 8:00 PM on a weekday... no close coming around the corner nor did I indicate I was there for just one quick drink. This coupled with the fact that she had an overall rude attitude towards me was upsetting. No customer ever wants to feel rushed. While at the bar I was never checked up on one time. No, "how's the drink..." "Here is your bill. No rush sir." "Would you like anything else?" "Thanks for coming in" ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. I was also never asked if I wanted a menu. I received dirty looks to boot??? I typically like to stay on topic and never reference other reviews as a 3rd party... Although, one needs only read through this restaurants review to see they have a major issue with service that they have obviously yet to properly address. I will not be spending my hard earner money with this business again. If you value good customer service and professionalism I recommend you stay away from Ra Sushi. Disappointed.
3	I love the RA chain, but this RA always has TERRIBLE SERVICE. I can't tell you how often my friends and I come here and are always trying to flag down our waitress despite the empty restaurant.I love the food (decent sushi, good for groups, girlfriend dates), and happy hour is great! Also, their half birthday deal is amazing, but I come here instead of the better old town location because it's closer to my house.Other than the service, the sushi chefs are nice and it's very clean. Oh, but I will note that a lot of the time when I walk in and stand in front of the hostess table, the hostess will be missing and I'll have to wait a long time before someone realizes I'm there... Cheap sushi, decent quality, bad service, but willing to come back b/c of convenience.
4	By far this is their best location as I have frequented all their establishments. You will never be short of good energy, consistently good food and really good service. Bravo to my server last night for her finesse in managing the patio area with always a sweet smile and thoughtful apologies for being not as attentive as she would like. The back up bussers are always spot on to clear the evidence of my gorging. Thank you for letting me look dainty!This is my fave HH location. Great people watching. We all know their lunch specials are the bomb, especially the bento boxes. My faves that aren't on HH are the lobster spring rolls and the Gojira roll. Otherwise, stuff yourselves on the Vegas roll, the garlic citrus yellowtail and the rainbow roll. Perfect flavors to compliment the potstickers and your Sapporo beer!
