3	A large, fairly standard 24 hour Ihop. You know how sometimes the booths at a restaurant have kind of a musty funky smell? Well, that wasn't an issue here, and that's usually my major issue with ihops. Also the menus were not sticky, another plus. Service was friendly, smiley and prompt. I come to ihops for their distinctly buttery pancakes and their perfect hash browns, and was satisfied there.But. The men's bathroom was NASTY. Narsty. Gross. Dave came out looking traumatized and preferred to wait out the ride home than go near those funknasty toilet seats. Step it up guys. Even if it is next door to a strip club. So bring your purell if you want to clean your hands and vacate your digestive system prior to coming, and you'll be fine.
5	Paul our waiter was FANTASTIC, great southern hospitality. He went above and beyond what most waiter/waitress at IHOP do. Strawberry and banana pancakes were pretty awesome too!
3	Okay, let's get the not-so-good part over with. Yes, driving along the highway you do not get the sense you are in an upscale neighborhood. Yes, the place needs to be refurbished. Yes, the rest rooms need some TLC. But, and this is a big but (one "t" folks!) the attitude, friendliness, and attentiveness of the staff we encountered more than made up for the buts. Our server, Chris, did an excellent job and made our morning with his cheerfulness. The manager, Chymia, obviously practices my old philosophy, MBWA. For the uninitiated, this means Management By Walking Around. Get off your butt (two "t"s) and see what is going on.If you are in the area, be sure to give this place a try. It was quite an experience.
4	This is by far the friendliest IHOP I have visited.  The managers are on top of the service. I was trapped in town due to weather and had dinner and breakfast here. Great value and service.
5	Everyone knows what your getting at IHOP. There were no disappointments here. The staff at this location are wonderful. They have the best customer service. The food was just as expected also. I always get my two eggs over medium with hash browns and sausage. I will go back to this location (Charlotte at Woodlawn Rd.) mainly because of the staff.  Thank you IHOP at Woodlawn!
3	Stopped in here for breakfast while out here on a business trip. I like IHOP's for their breakfast and really no complaints on this visit. Service was quick and friendly. We were here on a weekday morning a little after 7am and it was by no means busy. Getting out of the parking lot was a bit of challenge since I-77 is pretty busy, but other than that, I was happy with my visit here.
2	Not sure if I came on the wrong day, but my experience wasn't as pleasant compared to the other reviewers. I'll make this quick and painless. My pancakes came out cold. I sent them back, and received a fresh stack. There was a shortage on coffee, so my sister had to wait for more to be brewed. I ordered ice coffee, but couldn't get a refill because they ran out. The server was friendly, but overwhelmed. The taste of the food was on par with all other Ihops that I have dined.
3	The food is good, consistent and cheap. The service depends on who you get. Expect to wait awhile while they try and figure out who's gonna wait on you. Open 24 hours so it's not very clean. Everything is sticky all the time.
1	My parents absolutely had their credit card compromised here and they have since called the police.  They drove to Charlotte and stayed overnight in order to catch a flight the next AM.  This is the ONLY place they used their card in Charlotte.  Their waitress at first told my dad his card was declined so she needed to run it again which took more time.  My dad said he thought something was a bit off.  Sure enough, my parents fly out the next day from California.  Their card is declined.  My parents figure this is because they were in a few different states within a few days and was a security feature.  Nope.  The card was copied and used a number of times in Charlotte that morning and then even in Canada.  Maybe the manager is in on it?  Who knows but do NOT use your credit card here.My parents also have the name of the waitress on their copy of the receipt.
