4	Great stop for your caffeine fix. Big seating area or a fast drive thru. Staff were friendly and fast! Yes, please. And thank you.
3	The closest Starbucks to Banner Estrella Medical Center.  Compared to other typical Starbucks, it is a 4.  However the shop doesn't have the quaint feel of a little independent cafe. The store has a drive through, so the actual inside seating was quite empty.  The Starbucks had a variety of seat types: 2 seated tables, a large table and mini conference area.  Over the mini conference area, there were paper cranes hanging from the ceiling which gave a cool vibe.  So if you need to get away from the hospital and want a step up from the Dunkin Donuts, stop by this Starbucks.
1	So as a treat I take my husband and two daughters to Starbucks to get a quick caffeine fix. It was raining outside and figure, what better then some hot chocolate. The girl at the front taking my order wasn't friendly, continued to talk to the girl next to here then letting me finish my order to her. I told her two KID-TEMP hot chocolates, one reg coffee and a large' frapp with no whip....not such a hard order, right??Our orders came up and thankfully my husband made a comment of how toasty the kids "kid temp" hot chocolate was before handing it to my 5 year old daughter. Had to go back up and tell the girl that it was supposed to be kid temp. She didn't apologize, just took it and threw it away. 20 minutes later the rest of our "same order" came out. I was upset yet again because they put whip cream on my coffee. Was upset so we just left. Then when getting into our truck and the kids said their hot chocolates were gross, I tasted them and they were white chocolate something. I couldn't make them drink it but was already to upset to go back into the store, afraid I would throw all of our drinks on both of those girls. I will make sure to avoid this Starbucks in the future. Ridiculous that I pay $20 for 4 drinks and these young twit girls can't get or do our orders right.
4	I'm guessing all the Starbuck's don't get their food items from the same place or has it just been a while since I've been into one to order and sit down for breakfast?  *shrug*Anyway, we don't usually go to this SB but decided to stop by here before we headed into downtown.  The croissant and cheese Danish was much tastier than the other SB we go to on Litchfield.  I was surprised b'c I figured they got their stuff from all the same place.Anyway, there was a constant line so to me that seems they could improve on efficiency ... or maybe they are just that busy.  Overall tough, good service.
1	So I used to be a big fan of SB coffee...then I found elsewhere.  I got a gift card for Christmas and decided to go in and grab my old "usual"...a venti Americano with room.  When I walked in at 7:25 in the morning, there was not a soul in the place...the drive thru was full, but inside was empty.  First of all, the girl at the counter looked as if she had no idea what she was doing.  She was talking to someone else and I had to repeat my order 3 times because she was more concerned with her sidebar conversation than a paying customer.  She asked my name...another 3 times, which I spelled it (because she asked) and she still spelled it wrong.  Now, here's the kicker...as I made my way to the other end of the counter to pick up my "coffee" my bagel had finished toasting.  A different girl gave me two small bags; one with my bagel, the other with the cream cheese and a knife.  I also got a sandwich for lunch.  So at this point, I had 2 bags and a box.  5 minutes later...a few people had already walked in and ordered.  I was still waiting.  There were 4 girls total behind the counter.  I still had no coffee.  The woman behind me made a comment about how it was taking forever and I agreed...yet not a single person behind the counter acknowledged the now 5 people waiting for their orders.  After a few more minutes, I finally got my drink.  I had to ask for a small bag and got some attitude from the barista.  There was NO acknowledgement for the near 10 minutes that I had to wait for a drink.  NONE!  I packed up my lunch and went to fix up my drink...and bolted out of this place.  When I finally took a drink, my coffee tasted absolutely BURNT...legit nasty! I dumped the entire venti cup out...NEVER.  NEVER again!!!The service was crap and the coffee was crappier.  Sorry, but it's true.  I have deleted my app and they can have their gold level member back.  If I ever get a gift card, I'll give it away or use it to scrape something off of somewhere.
4	What can you say? It's your typical Starbucks. I opted for the green tea frappuccino no whip. They keep it moving!  Service was fast.
