5	I feel like I have been to every eyebrow threading place on the SW side of tthe ceiling.  Each time I get stuck in a uncomfortable chair, with a blinding light on the ceiling.But I love the look of threaded eyebrows, so crisp and clean and I personally think look better than any waxed brows (coming from a former Aesthetician who rocked at brows) - so I keep going back.Eyebrow Envy apparently opened a month ago and it was on my way home from running errands so I dropped by. The chairs were comfortable! I didn't feel like I was going to fall backwards, my back didn't hurt and I felt safe. There was no blinding light right above me!  The owner did my brows and she kept everything clean and sanitized, and no pain whatsoever.  No pinching or pulling at all.  My brows are clean and look great!The prices are listed right in front, but from the looks of their website and facebook - they offer coupons.  I will be back, especially considering it was so clean and nice in there. Plus, she was really nice and friendly.
5	Just had my eyebrows done by Susan....she did a great job and was super friendly....i will be going back again!
5	Susan (I believe is her name) is so great! Always very friendly and she threads with a quick hand which makes it less painful. I really love this place and having it so close to my house makes me go more often.
5	The best threading salon in Las Vegas! I was very fortunate to find this location since moving from Chicago where there is a street dedicated to most of these type of businesses. The salon is clean and is a pleasant environment. Susan maintains my unruly eyebrows and keeps them in perfect shape just the way I like them!
5	I have been to many eyebrow threading places and this by far is the BEST!!! Susan is great. Ive always dreaded going to get my eyebrows done because it hurts! With her I seriously do not feel any pain. She does it so quick you barely feel anything. Definitely recommend this place!!!!=)
5	Very friendly and nice environment. Susan does such a good job i swear it does not hurt at all ive been to so many eybrows r us and dread going. Because it hurts so much. This place is great!!!
5	Eyebrow Envy is the place to go. Susan doesn't only treat you as a regular customer, she treats you as a friend or family member. Not to say, she is really good at threading. Because of this, I've been a loyal customer ;).I'll see you soon Susan :)
1	I saw this place listed on Groupon and because of the reviews listed on Yelp, I decided to buy it. I'm not sure what the other reviewers had threaded, because maybe this place is only decent when working on eyebrows, but I had an absolutely horrible experience. Not sure what the lady's name was but she was middle-aged, heavy-set, and wore glasses. Here are the details: My Groupon was $12 for eyebrows, upper lip, and chin threading. When I arrived I let the lady know that I'd like my sides done too. She said it would be $12, I said fine. When I got in the chair the lady exclaimed about 3 times, "That's a lot of hair!" Now, I'm a woman. I don't have hair on my face like a man. I have a layer of fine hair on my face that I'm weary about constantly removing because of numerous bad experiences I've had with waxing AND threading. Last time I was threaded by a different place, I broke out really badly after. I was a bit offended that she was saying I had so much hair and thought that was unprofessional. Then she does the threading and I'm half holding my breath the whole time because the lady had bad body odor. When she was done, she hands me a mirror and I see numerous spots that she missed. I pointed these out to her and I had to tell her to do more 2 more times still. Not sure if she just can't see well or if it was the dim lighting or if she just didn't care, but she did a terrible job. By that time I was so over the whole experience, I just wanted to leave, so I said that's fine. I get up to pay and she tells the cashier, "It's $24 for her. And she has that Groupon thingy." I tell the cashier, $24?!! She told me $12. It was only my sides that she did beyond the Groupon. The cashier looks at me and says it was $12 for 1 side. I shook my head, held my tongue(because I'm not the type to cause a scene) and paid. That was a complete lie. The price menu says "SideS" not "SidE" and that was not the price I was told before I sat down. I ended up paying $36 total for upper lip, cheeks, chin, and eyebrows(which I only asked her to get the stray hairs because my eyebrows are pencil thin)... that's MORE THAN THE COST FOR FULL FACE, which is $30!!!! What a SCAM!! So as you can imagine, I left EXTREMELY upset about the whole experience. And on top of that, when I get outside and look at my face in the car mirror, this lady left spots of hair EVERYWHERE!! I felt horrified and ANGRY. I was going to have to go to another place to get the hair removed or go home and spend an hour tweezing them myself. Because I will NEVER step a foot in this place ever again and I will tell EVERYONE I know about what a horrific CON this place is!! I hope that extra money they scammed me out of was worth losing a lot of business.
5	This place was awesome! I did my eyebrows by Sephora, who works part time there. She was quick and fast, which is the way I like it. It looked amazing when she was done!! I'm sure glad I went here, I would definitely recommend this place to a friend!
5	This was my first time having eye threading done and admittingly, I was a little nervous. I am a male so there was a little stigma attached to getting beauty services done but after, I have a new and good attitude. Susan was incredibly friendly, more than what I would expect. $10 for this service seems like a really good deal from someone with 25 years of experience. Plus there are coupons and specials on the website. My eye brows look great and I will repeat business.
1	I'm surprised to see so many 5 star reviews, I had a very bad experience here!I went here the other day based off of the reviews on yelp... What a big mistake!!!I simply went to get my eyebrows done the lady was very friendly and asked if I had my eyebrows threaded before which I have. So she's doing my brows and she asks if I'm ok because I guess I looked like I was in a lot of pain.. Which I was in alot of pain I've never had it hurt that bad when getting my brows threaded it felt like my skin was being pulled off. So anyways she finishes and hands me the mirror they looked ok she had missed a few spots and my skin was red and irritated but I figured it would heal. So the next day I wake up and looked in the mirror and I see my skin was ripped in several spots I had bumps and blood stains from her pulling at my skin, on top of that I noticed she had missed more then just a few spots of hair there was tons of hairs left! I will not be returning here it was a waste of money and I had to get my eyebrows done 5 days after she had did them. Not to mention she damaged my skin!
5	I had my eyebrows threaded here for the first time. Chair was comfortable, the person who did my eyebrows was very nice, studio was very clean. It was a good experience overall, but I think I prefer waxing. Nothing against this place, just a personal preference.
1	Like the very few, I swear they scammed my cousin and I on price. I remember seeing on their website that first timers get a discount or something for students getting something off (not sure if it is like that anymore) and when I questioned them about it when I went to pay for us and I realized it wasn't the price I thought, they tried explaining it and I was confused as hell but didn't want to cause any problems...but I do believe I paid more than necessary.If you go, make sure their price is final and set in stone and they don't charge you extra.Even if I knew what to say next time for the price I wouldn't go back. Susan did an OKAY job. Not sure about the other ladies working there. Idk why some threaders think I want an arch for my eyebrows but they do (even though I wanted my brows to be cleaned up) and she made my cousin's eyebrows a little bit uneven which made her upset.Never going back, sorry.
5	I've been here four times & it is amazing!! If you've never done threading I highly recommend, and the staff ease you into it! I'm embarrassed that I don't know her name, but I'm pretty sure she owns the place she is wonderful! I swear she treats me like her daughter I love it, she remembers me every time I  come in, and they even have a punch card where after 6 times you get a discount, not like you need it! It is so reasonable! They have a package where lip and eyebrow is only $13. I don't live nearby anymore, but I still make the drive just to come here I absolutely recommend!!
4	I love this place! I am here at least once a month getting cleaned up. Both of the girls are great and always friendly. The store is clean and the prices are lower than some of the other places in town I have been to. I would definitely recommend coming here.
2	The women were very nice and friendly and listened to how I wanted my eyebrows. That is the only reason I gave them an extra star. I have been getting my eyebrows threaded for almost 6 years now and I have never had a reaction or problem until I came here. The first time it was very painful and when I woke up the next day I was scabbed and red. I looked like I had a disease. It took weeks to heal. I decided to give them another shot last week and the same thing happened! Looks like I will have to drive back to my old side of town to my old threading bar.
4	I too noticed a few of the bad reviews and thought that I should take the time to share a few key factors of Eyebrow Envy.1. Call and be absolutely sure that Susan is there! She is incredible at what she does and an overall beautiful woman. She cares about her clients and takes the time to listen to what they really want. 2. If Susan is not there....WAIT until she is :) I made the mistake of coming to eyebrow envy one day when Susan was not in and left with eyebrows that truly looked the same as when I walked in. I was very disappointed at the job her co-worker had done that I hesitated to come back at all. :/I do get my eyebrows done regualry by Susan and wouldn't have it any other way!Added Bonus: They have a punch card so after a few threadings you get a couple dollars off!
5	Wow, I never have seen my eyebrows so cleanly/naturally shaped and my skin look so clear while feeling so soft. Threading is something I now think every woman needs and on a continual basis. Just try it once and I bet you will agree. Thanks Susan was for being so accommodating and making sure I was in and out in no time.
5	Susan is AMAZING, she did mine and my eye brows perfect and prices are great!!! I definitely recommend this place.
5	Great place to get your eyebrows threaded. I'm always pleased with the results! I always go to susan, so I can't speak on the other girls. But Susan is amazing she really makes the experience enjoyable for me. With her there is no pain which we all know is hard to find when it comes to threading. And the prices ate great. Also they have really pretty jewelry and they do henna! Look no further this is the best place to get your brows done!!!
5	I always call to make sure that Susan is working first before I go in. Because my friend went in when Susan wasn't there and my friends eyebrow came out so bad........ So always call to make sure SUSAN is working.
5	Love the place and my eyebrows look amazing!
5	Eyebrows look amazing, walk in appointments welcomed, in and out service, clean environment. Love the outcome :)
4	Went to get my eyebrows threaded, I really like Susan always very nice and gentle as she can be. The place is always nice and clean. At least 2 people waiting everytime I go, appointments aren't required. I'm really not a fan of threading but it lasts longer then waxing in my opinion. But I just might stick to waxing because I'm a chicken shit...lol I highly recommend this place. The reason why I gave 4 stars because, I hate getting my lip threaded, it brings tears to my eyes so Susan did a great job trying to do it fast to get it over with but when I got home, I still had a few hairs.  Also they have a stamp card, so if your a regular, you can get a few bucks off after so many threads
5	I've gone to Susan twice now and I'm set on never letting anyone else touch my eyebrows. She never disappoints me and she is quite possibly the nicest person I've ever met, great prices too.
5	Just had my first experience here and I was so pleased.  Susan was the best.  I did a full face and my skin looks and feels so smooth!  I can't wait to return next week and get my legs done.  I also love how close this place is to mountains edge.
1	I had a little extra time before work this morning so I stopped in to have my eyebrows tamed (they really needed it). The threader seemed to know what she was doing and I was confident. I didn't experience very much pain during the session, except for a few times when the thread broke. She made good conversation, and it was a really pleasant experience until she handed me the mirror and I noticed blood spots on my brow; I've never bled from threading, even on occasions where it hurt like hell. I was kind of baffled, paid, tipped the threader and went on my way. I got into the car and went on my way; about 10 minutes later my eyebrows started to burn a little. 12 hours later, they're still very tender, and have seemed to scab over. Wanted to give this place 2 stars because the service was so pleasant, but this is the absolute worst threading experience I've ever had.
4	Great place .Sefra was awesome friendly made conversation with us.. Will be coming back soon .. She took me at last minute and did great a great job.
5	Just moved to this side of town, and I was looking for a reputable place to get my eyebrows threaded. I showed up this morning and had the fortunate experience of having Susan do my eyebrows. They've been uneven for a long time, but she did a great job making them even and giving them great shape. And the pain was minimal, far less than other threaders I've been to. I'd highly recommend them!
5	Great place with great service and reasonable prices. This is the only place I trust with my eyebrows.
5	Love it here! The owner is so sweet she always does my eyebrows and they're perfect every time. This place is the only place I go to get my eyebrows threaded for the past 3 years I've been in the area! I dont need to worry about them getting messed up when I go here. It's clean and convenient.
4	Best service and customer appreciation, been going here and never going anywhere else! Very fast and efficient!
