5	Best waxing experience I've had! Super cute and clean environment, painless wax plus a free pair of panties,(not cheesy, but really cute ones!) :0)
5	I live in the Arcadia and have been waiting for Urban Wax to open from the moment I saw their sign go up. Went in this past week and could not believe how cute the interior is. Super modern and chic! Went in to get my brows cleaned up and was happily surprised at the attentive of the entire staff. The girl who did my brows (I forget her name!) was great. She suggested I get a brow consultation at their "brow bar". I never had a brow consultation before and I actually learned a lot, love the way she shaped my brows! I took an out of town friend with me and she got a Brazilian, she had a great experience and loved the free pair of panties (fun)  I will definitely be going back!
5	Great Waxing experience!  I am loving that these waxing places are springing up...its great because its modern and clean!  I feel like i stepped into a hip joint in LA or NY.  They did an awesome job!  I will recommend to my friends!I heard about the free panty for brazilians and when I need one i will be going here and its around the corner from my house!
5	Best waxing experience I've had! Super cute and clean environment, painless wax plus a free pair of panties,(not cheesy, but really cute ones!) :0)
5	Kelly is the best! I highly recommend her!
3	I had to change my review from 4 stars to 3.  In all fairness I left the original below.  I feel a business is only as good as it's employees.  I was drawn to Urban Wax because of it's location and the free "get you in" wax offer.  I returned because I lucked up and got Kelly as my waxer.  Kelly is very good at her job and is also what I call a "good egg".  Since my last review some events transpired and she is no longer there; I followed her to her new location inside Salon 3121.  Yes, I did try another waxer and I was not happy with the job she did or the vibe I got from her.  I will not post any names.  So Urban Wax is indeed cute and continent but I will not be returning. ----------------------------------------------------------------------I live a few blocks from this establishment and I am so happy to have them in the neighborhood.  Welcome. Personally I like the place. It is clean, fresh, upbeat and tres chic.  The owner having a Euro accent adds a nice touch as well.  I have been in AZ for almost 3 years and have been on the hunt for a decent waxer.  It has been way harder than it should be in my opinion.  I have had so many disasters I care not to digress.  I dared go here because 1. It was 1st time free, 2. Close to my home and 3. I really had nothing to loose; my eyebrows had been tortured.  Upon entering I was pleased.  Just so cute.  Kelly was the tech I ended up with and boy am I happy about that.  She is really good and pays attention to detail.  My eyebrows now have a natural line and I no longer look like the victim of sticking ones head in a heated oven.  The only reason I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 is because it is still really new and I am wondering is Kelly is going to stay for the long haul or will I be forced to make a new wax friend in the near future.  I am 5 star pleased with her service.
5	I'm not really one to discuss waxing on such a public forum, but I had a great experience at Urban Wax that warranted a review on Yelp.  I love that Urban Wax is locally owned.  Urban Wax looks very sophisticated and is very clean and the staff are very professional.  They have great pricing for first-time customers.  Free eye, lip or underarm or half off brazilian or bikini waxes (includes a free panty).  I don't know any waxing salons that have this offer.  If you are looking for an awesome locally owned waxing salon, look no further.  Also, let them know I referred you :)
5	I've been to urban wax a few times now... I'm in love, the place is clean and crisp, the staff is always friendly and knowledgeable, and you can expect expert services. I just saw Nicole and all I can say is wow, what a treat! My brows and lip are perfect and the best job ever by far. Thanks urban wax and thank you Nicole!
5	Nicole has become my "go-to" for my eyebrows. I lived here for a couple years before discovering her and always just bounced around to different salons for threading or eyebrow waxing. I wandered in here because of a sign they had out near Camelback announcing that new customers get a free wax. Gave it a try and became addicted to Nicole's eyebrow taming skills.
5	Urban Wax is fantastic! Super clean, professional, knowledgeable and friendly. A little more expensive, but worth every penny! I will totally pay a little more for fabulous eyebrows! Ask for Allison, she's the best!
5	I've been here twice now and just bought one of the packages: buy 9, get 3 free! Nicole is wonderful and I am so happy a friend introduced me to this place! Definitely check it out!
5	This place is beautiful! I came here when they opened for my first waxing experience (probably the most terrifying grooming experience for most women) and my girl Nicole made me feel about as comfortable as humanly possible in that situation. The receptionist staff is wonderful, welcoming and helpful. I highly recommend booking with the lovely Nicole, especially if you're a little nervous.
5	Ive been coming here for a few months now and I love this place. I used to get my brow and lip done at ulta for a similar price for years until I tried this place once. I have been back ever since. I go to Alisson and she is seriously awesome. I like that she takes extra time to see that my brows need to be trimmed and she goes the extra mile to take care of them. I most of all know my brows are a pain in the ass and I can see after she is done with them that she sees and understands exactly how I feel. She I definitely one of the better brow specialists I've ever seen and I love her I will definitely be coming back to her as long as I can.
4	$16 is a little more than I typically spend on an eyebrow wax, but it was worth every dollar. I will say, the girl really went to town on my brows and it even hurt a little, but she got EVERY damn hair out of there! Well worth the suuuper minor discomforts! She did a great job with the hair removal and shape. Gosh, and it smells so damn good in there! Also, beware of the adorable (expensive) jewelry they have for sale -- I may just have to by some earrings the next time I'm in.
1	I stopped in Urban Wax for an eye brow wax and met with quite possibly the most rude and confrontational person I've ever experienced in a professional setting named Sara.  I sat down and tried to explian to Sara the brow shape I wanted.  She kept drawing outlines on my brows that were completely opposite of what I described.  When i tried to explain again, she became ANGRY and said she knew what she was doing, that she was the "expert".  When I told her that she was making me uncomfortable she quickly raised my chair for me to get up!  I told her she was being very inappropriate and she began to RAISE HER VOICE with me--to the point that one of the girls from a back room came out to see what was going on.  The recpetionist at the front desk, Jessica, was very quiet (though she heard everything that transpired), but polite and said she would have the owner call me.  Mean while, Sara sat in a chair trying to ARGUE that she didn't do anything wrong and that I was "the inappropriate one".  I told her she was out of line speaking to a customer like this--she bobbed her head back and forth and just kept trying to engage me in a confrontation.  It was a surreal experience.  Would hate to have her come near me with hot wax.  I've read the reviews for Urban Wax and it looks like a nice salon, but they should seriously consider getting rid of people like this girl before more bad reviews start pouring in.
4	BEST HARD WAX place ever!!  If you've never tried hard wax, you should definitely give it a shot!  They have the most amazing blue wax  that barely hurts.  I come here for Brazilians and the clean venue.  The place always smells great and they give you a free thong after every visit!  They are very sanitary and don't double dip.  Seriously, amazing blue hard wax.
5	Great first experience here. Clean, professional, quick and pleasant atmosphere.  I will be back.
5	As someone who has had to shop Around for places to receive a safe and comfortable wax, Urban Wax was a god send. Nicole is amazing. Super informative, professional, and made me feel totally comfortable. She is efficient, thorough, and quick! I went in expecting to pay full price for a bikini wax but was pleasantly surprised when I received half off for being a new customer! I also got to pick out a cute pair of panties after my wax and was informed that with each visit I receive free panties!! Woohoo! The location is perfect, and the design and overall atmosphere of the shop is immaculate, modern, spacious, and beautiful! Glad to have finally found a home for my waxing needs. See Nicole and you will be so happy you did!!
5	All I can say is that I'm fully in love with this place! I'm very picky about my face (dermatology wise) and who gets to come in contact with it... Urban Wax is great. The location is good, though a little hard to find in the midst of the other stores in that shopping area. The store smells great, has beautiful things to buy, and the receptionist is really nice too! Getting my brows waxed was a delight. The girl who did them took great precaution in cleaning and prepping me before the wax took place - I was very impressed. Clean, sanitary, and thorough, this place is great!!!
5	My wife came here and was thoroughly impressed. "The staff was so cute and friendly. And such a good wax from Jessica"She thought the free panties per visit was a cute idea. A very clean establishment as well.All smiles, great place.
5	Great experience. Very clean atmosphere and the free panty was a cute add on. Will definitely be back!!
5	Clean. Quick. No annoying sales and no drama. Easy set appts. Fair price.  Exactly what they should be. B
5	Excellent, courteous service on the phone and at the front desk and a meticulous and efficient wax! 5 star in every regard! They even have a policy that if you find later that they missed an area, they will fix it at no charge. Waxing is not fun, but I found myself chatting and laughing through my time on the table. The results were just wonderful. I will be coming back here - no question.
4	I just moved to Scottsdale and I was hesitant to try a new waxing salon... Urban Wax is great!  I've experienced many different types of salons, aestheticians and waxes, overall Urban Wax definitely ranks in my top 5. Alison is wonderful. The entire appointment took about 20 minutes. I won't say that it was painless, because waxing rarely is, but Alison was gentle enough that it hurt less than what i'm used to. You also get a free pair of lace panties after every bikini wax. The prices are great as well, less than what I typically pay. This is definitely going to become my go-to.
4	I've tried many other places in the valley, and this place is the best at eyebrows. When I used to get the Brazilians (before laser hair), I loved getting the free panties. So cute and they always had different ones. They take walk-ins, but appointments are preferred. Parking is always a huge hassle.
5	I got possibly the fastest and least painful wax I've ever had here. I have very sensitive skin and can often have a reaction to waxing but this place...nothing. Great price, great customer service and they even stayed open a little late for me!
3	I was really excited when I saw this waxing place was opening up down the street from my house.  I have struggled to find a good esthetician in the valley.I went a while ago for a brazillian, had an ok experience.  I had Allison, and she was definitely a professional, very friendly, sociable.  The waxing job itself was just so-so but I blame it on the soft wax.I do go back regularly now just to get my mustache waxed off (ladies I know you understand me!), and I feel that this place is good for this when I can buy a package deal and spend like 5 bucks on each wax (cuz lip waxing is way overpriced at other salons!). I appreciate the clean, trendy space and friendly front desk staff.  I have bought some products there and I really like the PFB after-waxing serum they sell.  It works really well to calm down irritated skin.
5	I have been going here for over a year and Nicole is awesome!  I have had a few bad waxing experiences at other places, and am thrilled to have a consistently great experience here.  Urban Wax is in a great location for me, it's always very clean, and the front desk staff are very nice and professional.  Pricing is reasonable, and you get a cute pair of panties with every bikini wax :)
4	Loved my experience - from first call to tint (lash n brow) from Jessica and a bunch of waxing with Chloe, I was very happy with the end result from both and will go back!
5	Back again- my go to place! Clean and professional.
5	I am the type when I see amazing reviews I then go try it out. Well if I could give this place more than 5 stars I would.I love this place. I drive about 25 mins to get to this place, but it SO worth it.Nicole is amazing! I have never gotten a bikini wax or anything waxed in that area, I decided to 3 months ago. Nicole is gentle and amazing. And you get free underwear whenever you get a wax in that area!!!Who ever you get here you will be HAPPY! I love this place. I will never get my eye brows done at a nail salon, I will be a Urban Wax customer for a very long time!
3	Family and those who don't want to be tmi'd, I suggest you stop reading now. Anyway, I have been to urban wax twice and once it was a 4 star and (more recently) it was a 2 star. I like that the place is very clean and sterile feeling and the fact that they give you free panties with a wax. On my mist recent visit, I had a not so great experience. My waxer was awkward and didn't make any small talk or anything to try to make the session more comfortable. She used wax that was very hot and I'm fairly sure it burned my skin because almost a week later my skin is still irritated and peeling, not to mention that it was more painful than any of my other experiences. Now, tell me, what is the point of getting waxed if you are left with ugly and painful burns or welts or whatever it is for a week? That does not make sense to me. Anyway, the facility is nice, but maybe they should look into their technicians more closely before hiring. I don't think I'll be back.
5	Recently moved to the Arcadia area and was blown away by Urban Wax! From being taken back right on time, an amazing eyebrow wax with Nicole, and an all around fun, cute and CLEAN experience - this place was truly top notch. To top it all off, my wax was free as a first time client. This is my new regular spot for sure!
5	I've been going to Urban Wax for over a year now and love it! The staff is very friendly and accommodating. I usually see Nicole and she does an awesome job on my lip and brow wax. Amanda did my last two waxes and she did an awesome job too! I've gone to a few other girls when I 've booked last minute and everyone has done a wonderful job. I highly recommend Urban Wax!!
5	I will never get a bikini or eye brow wax anywhere else! This place is awesome! Sleek modern decor and it is VERY clean. The staff is kind and makes a painful experience go by quick. Great prices and they do exactly what you request. You get a free pair of panties with every bikini wax too! They have a great referral program and you get 5 dollars off every time you refer a friend. Very happy I found this place.
5	Got my first free wax, and I bought a package of eyebrow waxes and it's so amazing. All the girls are so nice. Very calm and relaxing. Love it, love it, love it.
4	Have been going here for almost a year now . I purchased a year's worth of waxing. For the most part I have loved my experience. Allison had been my go to girl almost from the start and she was amazing.  Unfortunately she recently moved out of state so I have had to go with some of the others here.They seem to have a high turnover rate because the last 3 times I swear it's been a different person. And none of them quite as good as Allison. But they get the job done.I always use hard wax because the soft wax leaves me red and raw for days. Some of them love the soft stuff though so I have to let them know each time, hard wax only. No exception.
5	I can speak from experience that Urban Wax provided a much more pleasant experience than other salons in the area. (EWC) Amanda was fantastic with getting the job done. The best Brazilian I've had! The least painful- and complete. Very clean and nice salon. Friendly service and cute panties after your wax.If your looking for a new place I definitely recommend Urban Wax!
5	Just had a most fab brow and leg wax from Alicia who is a complete and total rock star.  I have had my brows done by the same person for almost 20 years and was slightly nervous about letting someone else at them.  No need for nerves, Alicia is amazing - quick and super thorough, giving me  perfectly cleaned up and arched brows.  And the leg wax was equally fantastic.  I have very light leg hair (my friends laugh when I tell them I need a wax as they can't see anything) and its easy to miss chunks.  Not today.  She even got out the tweezers to grab a few errant hairs....just a really great job.The salon is gorgeous and bright and really clean - all other employees are super nice as well.Almsot forgot my lash tint - surprise surprise,  also a great job!
5	Urban wax is my jam. All the girls are always so nice from scheduling to dealing with me when I'm 15 minutes late for every appointment. I've seen 4 or 5 different waxers here and they all have their own way of doing things but it always turns out great.
2	I've been here 3 times for a Brazilian wax.  The first time, with Allison, was my first experience getting a Brazilian (I've been having "regular" bikini waxes for twenty plus years, so I know what they tend to feel like). Allison was quick & professional, if not terribly engaging. She did go over a few places more than once & that worried me.  But, the results were great & lasted a long time, with no grow-out problems (I'd purchased their $20 small bottle of lotion that prevents in-grown hair).  Second experience with another waxer (Allison had moved) was mediocre...hair grew out much quicker & I had some ingrown hair issues. Figuring it was just a " technique" difference,when I called for my third appointment, I  carefully explained to the receptionist my concerns.  She said..."Oh, it's probably the (2nd) tech...I'll put you with someone who does the waxes like Allison did".  Well...third time is definitely NOT "the charm".  She missed half the hair (where I couldn't see it!) and I've had lots of ingrowns, despite using the rather expensive lotion that UW recommends.  Very unhappy with this and I won't be back.  Sad, because the place is adorable and the staff friendly..in fact, I'd recommended it to several friends....before my lousy experiences.  To the owner:  the "free panty" thing is clever & charming, but you'd be better off putting some of your operating budget into better training for the techs, instead of a cute gimmick.
5	I had the perfect example of why you should stick with the same waxer every time yesterday. I went and got my eyebrows done by someone fairly new and usually I am not picky about things like hair and eyebrows because they grow back or you can usually do something with them...and then have a funny story later on.Well the girl I went to just didn't do them right. She didn't trim them and didn't take enough off etc. etc. Normally I would ask for the person to do those extra steps and I just felt bad because she was new and I wanted her to feel good about herself. Maybe it was the wrong move, but I just wasn't in the mood to deal.After work I went over to Urban Wax and told the girls my story. They got me right in and made them look awesome as per usual. Everyone is always friendly there and its always clean and quick. Their wax is a bit different than some traditional waxes I have used but that's a good thing. All in all, lesson learned and make the time to go to this place every time you need a wax. I think my problem is that I suck at calling ahead for an appointment so I have to work on that too.
5	Excellent customer service. Professional, friendly and very clean environment. Nicole was amazing. I will be happy to go back.
5	I'm converted! I use to be a loyal European Wax Center customer and after trying Urban Wax out for the first time today I will never go back! My waxer was amazing (sadly can't remember her name but I'm sure all the girls here are incredible based off of other reviews I've read). It was extremely quick and the pain level was significantly less than my previous wax experiences. I got the Itsy Bitsy and I would recommend any of their services. On another amazing note, they offer their clients a free pair of cute panties after every wax session! Who does this? No other wax place I've been to! An extremely unique and welcoming perk that will keep me coming back for sure! Try this place out, you won't regret it! You get half off a bikini service or free facial or underarm waxing on your first visit!
4	Visited Phoenix recently and was unable to get a bikini wax before I left home. Decided to try this place. So glad I did. I'm used to the wax with muslin cloth removing the hair bit by bit. Their method used a blue "goo" that hardened and was removed as one piece. A little "ouch- but it was all done in one strip! No bruising or after-effects! And you get a free pair of panties to boot. When I booked the appointment, the girl quoted me for a Brazilian. But the girl who actually did the waxing corrected the mistake- she did not charge me for a Brazilian- just a bikini wax. I appreciated her honesty. I would go here all the time if I loved here!
5	Had such a fab experience I just had to yelp about it!! Went in for a brow wax first time client went to pay didn't pay anything, first time clients get a free brow wax or pay extra for an upgrade. My estetician was Nicole she did such a fab job I love love my brows!! So quick and painlessly not like other places I have gone.I will definitely be coming over here. Totally worth the 25 min drive!!  Did not wait I scheduled same day people there are so friendly and it smells like sweet orange I fell in love
5	WOW I'm very happy this place exist! I love Jessica, I used to get my wax done at Suddenly Slimmer but they started failing me and making things hard so I stopped going there and started shopping for a better wax place and boy was I surprised! I decided to give this place a try since it has the highest ratings for a waxing place on Yelp. I was scared since I might go through the same thing at Suddenly Slimmer but NOPE! right when I come in the receptionist was so nice and calming and ready for anything.I never rescheduled an appointment before in my life so this was scary as a first since it's a salon, I was so scared they wouldn't work anything out or I would be charged for a fee I called about a hour before my actual appointment and told them I had some problems that I couldn't make it at that time but if possible another time, the receptionist right away found me another spot the same day too! I was worried if I would be charged a fee for changing or cancelling since Suddenly Slimmer does but nope they didn't charge anything in fact they were happy to help me anyway they could.I got a Brazilian wax which ladies who had it would know it's painful and scary, but I had Jessica that did mines and IT WAS BEAUTIFUL! no pain at all she was super professional and we talked about all sort of things that made us laugh and feel calm, during and after I never been so relaxed and good about a Brazilian wax. I told Jessica before we started I had a horrible experience at Suddenly Slimmer with a person who was one of there top people (she did a frightening job) and that I was still scared to get a Brazilian wax but I would still try it again, and It was perfect! Jessica understood how I must have been scared and she made it all better.There pricing is a lot more friendly compared to Suddenly Slimmer and you get better service! what could I not love about that!They give you a special if it's your first time with them, which I got half off of my Brazilian (check it out on there website) AND you get a free panty after which was new to me I was like WOW this place is amazing.The pictures of the place are accurate and they are a VERY clean and strict about double dipping NONE happen at all during my appointment! and everything is super beyond clean, even the smell as you walk in the door you are carried away by a very fragrant and calming aroma. I'm definitely a lover of this place now.
5	Every esthetician is accommodating, clean (no double dipping here!), friendly and most importantly, professional! Same goes for the front desk staff. The one and only time I have had a less-than-stellar experience, the issue was swiftly and seamlessly resolved.They carry Jane Iredale mineral makeup, PFB (life-changer) & Pure Fiji, products that you're likely to find at a resort spa... High quality products without high-pressure sales. Also, I recently learned that there are only about 6 service providers there (I've received services from 3 over the past 2 years) & they don't seem to have an issue with turnover like salons often do. I love knowing that there won't be some stranger all up in my lady business if my preferred wax professional isn't available.Plus, you can't compete with free undies!
5	Chloe shaped my eyebrows perfectly and made me feel very comfortable and relaxed. Overall it was a very pleasant experience and I'll definitely be back. Would recommend to everyone! Try it out. You won't be disappointed.
5	I love this place. I will never let anyone else touch my brows again.  My first time here was because it was super close to my work and very accomodating! Every employee was and is so nice and professional! The first time you come your wax is free! Everyone loves free! (If you get a bikino or brazilian wax you get a free pair of cute panties too!)This place has the most amazing smell and I always forget to ask what it is but its heavenly! Prices arent too steep but its way worth it!
5	Everyone was really nice and Chloe was great 1/2 first Brazilian wax and every time u get waxed you get free underwear ....#Score
5	This is by far the best waxing place I have been to. Worth the drive, but I do wish for one in glendale! Best Brazilian results ive ever had, least painful, clean, and super friendly! Puts European to shame. Oh, and you get to pick a free pair of undies on your way out! That is just adorable. Love this place
5	After my traumatizing experience at European Wax, I cautiously scheduled an appointment with Urban.   So glad I did.   Clean studio.   No double dipping.  Professional front desk.   The prices are very reasonable and you get a free panty with every bikini wax!  Chloe was very nice and put me at ease.   The pain level was manageable and she checked in with me often to make sure I was happy with the progress.  My mom got a fab lash tint from Nicole.  She was very nice and very thorough.
5	This place is chic, clean, and upbeat! I was met with friendly service from my initial phone call to set up an appointment. I heard about Urban Wax from a friend who really caught my attention when she told me about the panties you receive after a bikini/Brazilian wax. Obviously, this is a very cute idea that makes your experience feel like more than just a maintenance necessity. It's a great touch!Dani (I hope that's how she spells her name) is awesome. I get the feeling that all technicians are cool here. She listened to what I wanted and communicated any thoughts or suggestions she had. She held a great conversation! If an owner/manager reads this review they should give Dani mad kudos. I already made my next appointment!
5	I am so glad I stumbled upon this place! Amanda is an expert in her industry. She gives me the perfect brow wax every visit. This wax salon is clean (no double-dipping EVER!) friendly and affordable. I plan to be a long-term client here.PS--free pair of panties with a Brazilian wax. How great is that?!
5	Just got my brows and lip done and all I have to say is wow!! Totally professional environment and so modern inside. I have really weird shaped eyebrows that pose a challenge for many estheticians but they were shaped perfectly here. My esthetician (forgot her name I'm sorry) even showed me how to correctly fill them in afterward. Reasonably priced for such a great job!
5	Alicia did my eyebrows. This was my first time here. She was nice and good at what she does. Will be back.
5	There isn't anything I don't like about this place. The salon is always clean and the ladies working there are friendly and professional.I tried it originally because of the location (close to home) but have continued to go for their great service. I have only had my brows done here thus far, but no matter what esthetician I receive, I always end up leaving with a beautiful, cleaned up look! The retail space is also really cute, with a decent selection of jewelry, bags, and skincare products (a great place if you need a quick last minute gift). I will continue to go to Urban Wax as long as possible. Thank you for the great service!!
5	I went in for a wax earlier today, my first ever Brazilian. I LOVED it. The esthetician was so sweet and made me feel absolutely comfortable about going bare! She talked to me the whole way through, continually checking to make sure I was doing okay. That was by far my favorite part of the whole thing was how friendly and caring she was. On top of that, the place in so clean and professional! The ladies at the front desk are very nice and upbeat!As for the wax, it wasn't actually that bad! I could tell she was doing everything she could to make it the best experience for me, and the pain was nothing like I was expecting. Just like taking a band-aid off! The sting doesn't last for a very long time at all, I mean remember you are going in for a wax not a massage.
4	Shhhhh...... Do not tell my asthetician and I went somewhere else....and LIKED it!Not being able to go to my usual girl, and needing to get waxed asap, I ventured to Yelp for help....hehe that rhymed. The reviews here seemed pretty good, and I liked that it wasn't a chain, so I figured why not give them a go.The place is clean and bright, very, very orangey smelling... like sitting inside of an orange actually, but luckily the overwhelming citrus is just in the lobby. The receptionist was polite and efficient.I am horrible with names, I should of grabbed a card.  My asthetician was fabulous, young girl, fun curly hair.  Wish I could remember her name though. hmmph. Anyways, she was very personable and not in the "I am supposed to chat with you" kind of way. Conversation was easy, which is always a plus when someone is pooring hot wax on your hoo ha. This was my first time with hard wax for a Brazilian, and I must say I am a convert! OMG, it was fabulous!  My girl knew what she was doing too, I was so used to the same methods for so many years, and hers were nothing like what I am used to.... for the better.  She was quick, there was no need to move or manipulate myself or all my delicate parts, yet I got home to find that there was barely a stray hair left! Her skill paired with the hard wax got more hair, more efficiently than I am used to.  There were just a couple hard to get at hairs that I plucked when I got home. Two minutes max.   I did not leave the studio sticky either, so often with soft wax you leave feeling a bit of residue, not today. I was able to go about the rest of my day not feeling sticky, nor did I leave feeling like my lady parts had taken a beating. It was amazing!Also, went in for an underarm, that was super quick and a very productive use of time.  I have dark hair with super strong roots, so I am used to having a couple hairs left over in the crease of my underarm.... nope, baby smooth.  Again, amazing!Only things I felt a little eh about my experience: Waaaaay too much orange smell in the lobby, wish there was an XL choice of panties for those curvy hips, (but its a cute free perk, so I can't really be too bummed), and they sent a text reminder for my appointment without approval of text alerts first, their answering machine is a real answering machine, so if the front is left unmanned and someone leaves a message, all the guests in the lobby can hear the whole message.So really, petty things... The things that really mattered, friendly staff, good results, cleanliness. and reasonable prices are all spot on!I'll come back.... just don't tell my usual girl, its our secret.....
5	Love this place :) great service, amazing staff, high end experience all around. Be sure to make an appointment ahead of time. Newbies get a free eyebrow wax and if you recommend someone, you'll get $10.00 credit when then come in :)
5	It's always seamless when I come here. Clean, professional, fast and reasonably priced. Would continue to recommend!
1	What a shame, I was so excited to try it ! I booked a session for today and ran five minutes late, I called 30 minutes ahead to let them know I was late and heard a "no problem". When I got there my waxer took me back to the room and informed me that because I'm late she will have to remove one of the services, which one would I  like to remove... I explained I have a vacation booked so I need it all for this weekend, she explained she can't. I chose to leave and booked an apt with European Wax Center.Shame, so close to my house, looked cute, wanted to support it. Oh well.
5	Friendly staff, competitive prices with the option of membership to save some extra cash, clean establishment with great service! Nicole does a great job. She's quick and makes a painful service go by quickly. Definitely recommend. I drive 30 minutes to just go here!
5	I initially purchased a brazilian package but ended up getting laser hair removal treatments instead.  So I called the owner and she quickly converted it to 1 year unlimited eyebrow waxing.  So of course, I went in every 2 weeks for a year.  :)  The girls here are super friendly and the facilities are extremely clean.  They also have online booking which makes things super convenient.  They also do a wonderful job and instantly went for the more natural look with my brows.  The only downside is that its oftentimes difficult to get a walk-in appointment.  I tried a couple of times and usually had to wait for a later time slot.  That being said, definitely try to make an appointment if you don't have a few hours to spare!
5	Incredible!!!! This was my first time here. It was so easy to get an appointment, called in the morning, got me in no problem. The receptionist, Sydney (or Cindy, I forget) was so sweet and personable, had a nice conversation with her while I waited because I had arrived early. Jessie was my waxer, she was so sweet and knew exactly what she was doing. The wax itself was the least painful wax ever! The hard wax was awesome and I will definitely be back!! The store is so clean and great smelling. This was a positive experience.... To anyone worried about someone messing up their eyebrows...don't be! These girls know how to make em look good!!!!! Thank you urban wax! I'll be seeing you again soon!
5	I love it! They got me in right away (like an hour from when I called). I showed up and they took me back right away. Kiana did an awesome job and was she very easy to talk to. I will be going there more often. The atmosphere is perfect. It's very clean and cute in there. The free panty was of course a great bonus!
