2	I don't want to dedicate too much time to a BK review, but I've only been there twice and both times they failed to get my order right.  I simply ordered 2 Single stackers with extra ketchup and pickles, neither time was there a pickle in sight!  I did their online survey and addressed the problem, but I'm sure the bureaucratic process must be slow in ensuring that pickles are accurately represented.  They also never gave me my free cup of water that I asked for on my second visit.
2	i've gone here numerous times since my initial review, and only one time could've redeemed the initial low rating.  was here again and gave the woman 2.22 for my 2.17 bill and after she left and did something else for about 2 minutes despite the fact that i was otherwise all set, I finally got 3 pennies back.  2 cents isn't a huge deal, but it just is indicative of this BK's service
2	Luckily I don't mind Coke....  I have been here several times and it's been... "meh"... but the last time I came through the drive thru and ordered a simple Medium #1 with onion rings.  I thought it was strange that the order taker did not ask what I wanted to drink, but just drove around (figured he would ask me when I got there).... NOPE just handed me a coke.  I try to roll with the punches more-often-than-not, but this was not the end of the world for me.  When I opened the bag, I had fries... and mentioned it to him.  There was no apology and he just went and got the onion rings and handed me the bag back.I guess  the phrase, "you get what you pay for" applies here.  I will probably give this place another shot since it's right near my house when I need a BK fix, but this is very disappointing in my book.
1	It's very pitiful that I have to give a 1 star to any restaurant or business. But this place deserves it.Burger King hasn't really been good for anything, really. The fries stink and are usually cold, and the burgers have spots with color. I really have no idea what it is.The few times that I've been to this location, we've only gone through drive-thru. The dining room always looks closed. There was one instance when I pulled up to the speaker, and no one answered for about 2 minutes. I drove around to the window, and the lady didn't really apologize and just took my order. I really didn't know what I was supposed to expect. The food always sucks, and so does the customer service. I won't be going back.
