1	I had to join Yelp just so that I could write this review. It's important to me to warn the people about Filibertos just West of Dobson on Southern. I drove through yesterday and asked about the special. It was two beef tacos with a drink for $2.99. Who could resist? I thought they must be small tacos so I also tacked on a carne asada taco. Oh, my tummy protests even now. I consumed the food items at 3:30pm and at 6pm began to feel really uncomfortable. I had to take a walk. Within four hours, I was retching and squirting from both ends at the same time. Food poisoning? I say YES. Drive thru with extreme caution. Note: I've eaten at Filiberto's on Broadway by Hardy many times and have never gotten sick... maybe a little discomfort but never the double projectile.
3	I've driven by this Filibertos many many times, considering I live right around the corner.  I finally got around to stopping in.At first, it looks like a mexican sonic.  seriously.  they have a walk up window, a drive through, and some tables outside to eat at.  I checked out the menu, and decided that I wanted the breakfast burrito...the Macaba or something...I got mine with shredded beef.  Holy crap was this thing big!  HUGE!  It was only $4 after tax, and I was STUFFED.  Plus, they made it while I waited in my car, so it was fresh.I really liked it here.  I like thier menu and they have lots of options.  Prices are great, and I really feel like you get a lot of food for very reasonable prices.  No, this place is not fancy, and its basically drive through Mexican, but its tasty, and very filling.
2	This place has the worst god-awful crappy beans on earth.Even outside at the drive-through it smells like cheap toxic cleaning products. Did someone drop a urinal cake?What keeps Filibertos in business are Twentyfourseven hours and drunk people. Conveniently located in every lower-middle class Phoenix Metropolitan neighborhood.Urban legends are built upon places like this.
4	I often eat at many of the filbertos in the valley but we all know that some are good and some are bad. This one is good along with the one on 19th ave and Thunderbird and 19th ave and Bell Rd. But i was  at a bar  in this area of town over the weekend and this place made up one of the best breakfast burritos I have ever had.  God dam, ill be back when Im in the area. Thanks Bertos!
2	Not bad, a lot of food for a good price.  The food is pretty bland, but that's what the red and green sauce are for, get extra.I have to agree with "Kimberley M.", about this place stays open because of drunk people, 10 years ago I was that 'drunk person' and this place was a beautiful thing.
5	I live in Cali now, but I miss the AZ burrito with sour cream! I haven't found any place over here that even comes close to Filibertos!
1	How this place is so loved and popular amongst so many in the Phoenix area astounds me. I love the idea of their food and hours they are open is awesome, but every time I have eaten at this low cost palace for late night cravings, I got real sick.The food quality is low and the taste is nothing amazing. Either way certain conveniences about this establishment make it the ideal spot for high school and college kids so they will continue to thrive with little effort to providing quality.
1	OK so writing a bad review for this place is almost like a high school kid kicking a defenceless baby , it just does not make any sense. But what I have to say is to important. DO NOT EAT AT THIS PLACE EVER!!!! Seriously I understand that not everyone likes taco bell or has the time to make food at home but eating this food is not a option it is a dare. Like I dare you to eat that taco and not spend most of the night on the bathroom floor with your face deep in the toilet bowl.I would give this place a half star if I could because the only thing good about this place is the fact that they are cheap enough for the people who are crazy enough to think the stuff they sell here is food. This is not a review it is more like a public service announcement. Attention great citizens of AZ do not eat here unless you enjoy, then have the fast talking guy from those medication commercials read a list of side effects (eating this food may cause bubble gut, late night trips to the ER, stomach pumping, the shakes, and forced consuming of various intestinal aids such as tums and pepto bismol) lol.
4	Big food,little price. Fast service.
5	Fili-B's is the closest thing you can get to real Mexican food in the Phoenix valley. It is dirty and slightly unnerving when you order the first time but in my opinion, it is well worth it. Some people violently disagree and aren't willing to chance getting the runs to eat here, but for me that is a chance I will willingly take. My order is essentially the same every time: a massive carne asada burrito with a large horchata. So, the moral of the story is that Filibertos isn't for everyone, but for those who aren't afraid of possibly eating cat, it is a winner. It is also very inexpensive so it is popular with the college crowd. Try it.
4	I love taco Tuesdays at Filibertos, and this is the one closest to my house.  I  usually go to the one on Main and Dobson, and had forgotten about this one.  So this last Tuesday I go here to get my regular order of tacos.  They are very crunchy, cheesy taco goodness.  Every bit as good as my favorite Filibertos, maybe even better.  This may just become my regular Filibertos!
1	Had some tacos on taco Tuesday yesterday and immediately got an upset stomach.  Woke up this morning and was in the bathroom more than once.  Don't think I'll be going back here unless I want to have the same brown issue.
4	Great cheap Burritos, Tacos, and traditional Latin foods. The service isn't super fast, but fast enough. The food is seriously plentiful, and very tasty. buyer beware: food may be filled with outrageous amounts of meat! (in a good way)
5	Love the 99 cent menu. I ordered 3 99 cent queasadeas.
4	I Love Filly-B's! The food is great! It is cheap! Open 24 hours! you can't ask for more! The food is be horrible to my heath! I am surprised i have not gotten violently sick from eating there!  But i am willing to take that risk when i eat at Filibertos! If you get hungry and night and nothing else is open Fillys is the place to go! I feel like crap every time i eat there but it is 100% worth it!
4	There's nothing fancy about this place. And it shouldn't be fancy. All you need to know is that it's REAL Mexican food, with a good chance of getting sick and also a good chance of getting robbed while eating at the tables. This neighborhood is somewhat dangerous. I ate at a taco stand in Mexico and had the same two feelings. It's legit.The unhealthy food tastes good!
2	10:15 pm on a Friday night in Mesa.  got an itch for some mexican food.  Headed over to Filibertos Mexican food.My main target was the carne asada Fries.  I was curious and hungry.  My brother also got the carne asada fries and two tacos carnitas.The fries were a good idea gone kinda bad.  Fries covered in cheese, guacamole, sour cream and diced carne asada.  I had high hopes, but was soon disappointed to find the fries soggy (under cooked soggy) and the other ingredients uninspiring.  The place does scare my stomach a bit.  Reading other reviews today about being sick with the runs after eating here is believable after having been there.NOTE:  my brother really loved his carnitas tacos, flavorful and crispy.  He would go again.  he also did not care for the carne asada fries.Kudos for the late hours and cheap prices.  (2 Stars)
5	I go here a lot and of course not every single time is a home run but 5 stars for how consistent they are. EXCEPT on Sunday but that get's a pass in my book. There was one time where I had to drive back because the guac and pico made my burro very cold and I expected the Shitty to come back my way but they were cool as hell!!! they apologized and explained what the issue was and hooked it up fresh.Because this is a filibertos and only considering filibertos compared to other fast food mexican or other filibertos I've been too, 5 stars.
5	3 words!  carne asada burrito!  excellent!
1	Worst Filiberto's around and that should tell you enough. They use old McDonald's fries for potatoes.
4	Good food and good food specials..
4	If you really hungry, and it's really late, this is the only place you should go. Beware though, you'll start going at all times of day to get your fix, even though there are better option out there for any other time of day.
1	I still love the food, but unfortunately there's a bigger problem.  Only pay in cash.  I used my debit one evening recently and when my bank posted the purchase, the attendant at the drive through had added an extra $5 to the purchase.  Receipt was for $13.83 and got debited $18.83.  Can't abide a thief.
2	Robbery! $8+ for a bean cheese sour cream with Jamaica! Burritos are significantly smaller. Still hungry!!
2	Unspectacular. The service was extremely slow considering I was the only customer in the afternoon and all I ordered was a burrito. The place itself is pretty filthy, and the construction around the entire area makes it even tougher to get here. I would have to be pretty drunk the next time I come in
5	Best Fili B's in the valley! I am a regular of almost 20 years and love most every item on this menu. In general, filibertos is hit or miss depending on which location you go to. But this place takes pride in their store!! Know what your getting into, and go get yourself one of the under 5$ meals, or cheese enchiladas, or whatev!! Extra red AND green sauce, and don't forget the horchata!!! Thanks Fili B's for all the great meals!!!
2	If you're desperate for Mexican food and can't bare to drive any further, then this is your spot. They have a decent menu but the food I ordered was basically flavorless. Go to Moreno's.
1	Got charged $9.99 for a Super Nachos, with tax $10.57. Ya, there was a lot of food in the box, but you know what, i'm not going to pay you sit down restaurant prices for a fast food drive thru experience, it's just not gonna happen.
1	How can I be still hungry and spending $15 for 4 tacos and soda my tacos were broken so oily in the amount of meat it was sadly very insignificant for being a Mexican restaurant with no flavor is so sad but the prices are so high I do not recommend this place,and I will never go back those prices are crazy.I called  they say that the manager is the ones who make those decisions I'm surprised they still have a job and a place still open. The quality of the food is embarrassing for The truth Mexican food.
5	Look, quit bitching. It's drunk food. I love this spot. The value menu is pretty good, but I love the green sauce from here. The ham breakfast burrito  is the way to go. This place is a Mesa landmark.
2	Ok I don't write a lot of reviews BUT I've been to this location twice now, and it's the ONLY location that puts the pico in a separate container when you order chips n salsa in the drive thru. Do you even KNOW happy I was when I arrived home and DIDNT have soggy tortilla chips?? Can you IMAGINE? Well I could've gone to another location a fraction of a mile closer to get my beloved Mexican food satisfaction today, but I went to this one and sure enough they separated the pico and chips, AGAIN! It takes thoughtfulness to get my attention, and these guys nailed it! Also, thank you for giving me more than 2 red and 2 green sauces... All hot sauce lovers out there know that wont jgo more than a few bites.. Give or take ;)! Kudos to this Filiberto's location.UPDATE: got chips and salsa today, came home and did a couple things because I had gotten them to eat later. Whelp, pico was on the chips and they're RUINED. Best request it all on the side. Recanted my 5 stars to 2 stars because thoughtfulness and CONSISTENCY are of equal importance.
1	Terrible service. Staff claims they have no manager & can do whatever they want. Got horrible product the last 3 times. Was told by "Elizabeth" at southern & Dobson. that I could come back for replacement but got there 3 days later & told no way! Very rude!
