4	I personally am a tea fanatic. My uncle first showed me this place in a shopping mall outside of Montreal. He bought me and also recommended the Green and Fruity tea which smells AMAZING! One whiff and you are blown away. It's got all sorts of smells going on. Like a mix of tropical and citrus/sweet fruits. A lot of people say David's Tea is for "hipsters" or it's not "real" tea. But I think it does it's job in my opinion.  I don't find service at David's Tea to be that top notch but their tea I find is decent. Makes great gifts, and prices are not too bad, but not cheap either. Green and Fruity is a really nice flavor. I highly recommend it. It's the flavor that made me a regular.
4	I was sick to my stomach today because of a huge presentation and my friend took me to David's tea. and honestly it's the best pick me up ever.I had one of their milder green tea, that has guava in it, it was fruity. But I didn't ask for sweetener for my iced tea, so it was good. The thing about it is that they make the tea right in front of you, so the ice isn't enough to cool the tea down. So let it soak for awhile, and then drink your iced tea.If you get their bottles, you can refill it with iced tea for $1.
4	Legit Iced Tea!David's kind of reminds me of our version of Teavana. Hundreds of canisters of teas ranging from black to green to white, oolong etc...you name it, they have it in every flavor, scent, fruit whatever! So I was on the search for a real iced tea. Just tea, with ice. David's lured me in with a free sample which was then explained that they will make it into iced tea. FINALLY! And it was delicious too.They also have/had a travel cup for iced tea which was about $10, but allows you refills at $1 instead of the full price which, if I were living in MTL right the heck now, I would totally be in for that.
4	Hard to find, this place is in a cubby hole of a large downtown mall, very small, ALWAYS crowded, so of course, you CAN NOT come here for a "sit-down and relax " cup of tea. You can, however; get a blend to go, hot or cold. There are some super cold blends for the summer, the eww banana/chocholat/coconut/maple syrup horrid "tea" blends aside. If you purchase an iced tea "to go" mug, your refills will be only $1.00, all summer long. The hot varieties, again, NOT the eww blends, are quite good too. Watch for the seasonal price promos.
4	Great hotspot for tea. Any kind of tea. There's pages and pages of tea. Just tell the rep what you are in the mood for and they'll bing you several types of tea to choose from. Soak in the aromas and then pick hot or cold and tahdah you have awesome tea.  They also sell the loose tea leaves, tea serving products.  Worth a visit if u enjoy tea!
4	Same as any other David's Tea except that this place is quite small and it was really crowded. Other than that, my mango madness ice-tea was great! (ask for the sweetener)
4	Tea is tea. My taste for tea is not sophisticated enough to distinguish which tea comes from where or anything like that. I know what I like and what I don't like and that is where my knowledge ends. My favorite teas are Lapsong Souchong (they don't carry this tea!), Earl Grey and Cardamom (I make this at home from cardamom pods). However, David's tea does carry a good selection of interesting blends that intrigue me enough to go outside the box and try something new whenever I happen by one of their outlets. I've tried their Jumpy Monkey (with cocoa nibs and coffee beans), Cookie Dough (caramel, brittle & almonds) and Fired Up Fennel (licorice & chillis) and enjoyed them very much. Even though this location was extremely busy, I found that I received good and friendly service.
4	If you're looking for a wide selection of black and green teas, David's Tea is the right place to go. I think my only complaint is that there's just too much to choose from! That, and it's almost always packed. That being said, the clerks are very friendly and if you tell them what you're in the mood for, they will recommend a tea that's sure to please you. I like that they take the time to select a few teas for you, based on what your preferences, and then let you smell. It's a good way to help you decide what you want.  My favorite so far is the Chocolate Chili Chai; I've also tried the Red Velvet, which was also quite nice (amazing in a latte, which they make, BTW).The downside is that they use "flavouring" in some of their teas, and it's not exactly clear what it consists of.   For that reason, I usually like to stick with my #1 tea preference - Kusmi (which I'll review later!).Lastly, they have a great selection of infusers, tea pots/cups that are reasonably priced.
5	Loved this place! I have become used to Teavana, but I must say I have seen the light! David's is so much cheaper and the service is wayyy better! After a terrible experience at Teavana where I felt nearly bullied by the tea snob behind the counter to buy the ridiculously expensive monkey picked oolong, I am so thankful we found this place! I would much rather drive double the distance to David's. This location also wasn't as packed as some of the reviews say... We went on a Friday evening and were helped immediately. Maybe we just got lucky.
5	Both me and my friend bought a travel mug from David's tea and we absolutely love it! :) it is definitely the best travel mug I've ever had. It can keep my tea hot for 9-10 hours! Cannot believe this! And it's 100% leak protected! I love this product and recommend it to u guys.
