5	here's the deal: this place is a pittsburgh institution.  you to kennywood, you eat potato patch fries.  that's just the way it is when you're born & raised in the 412.  if you don't give this place 5 stars, you're definitely not a true pittsburgher.for those out-of-towners: the fries are hand-cut, like steak fries.  toppings include cheese (lots & lots of melted cheddar cheese that comes out of pumps but is still somehow delicious), beef gravy, garlic salt, seasoned salt, and bbq salt.  oh yeah, and bacon.  actually, fried bacon -- perfection!right by the thunderbolt & noah's ark, it's almost worth the price of admission to kennywood alone!ps - i saw a guy buy baked lay's here.  at the potato patch.  really?!
5	I have to second the former review. Who goes to Kennywood and passes up the Patch? Lines may be long but they do go fast. The potatoes are cut in front of you and fried to golden brown perfection then smothered in whatever tickles your fancy. Yes, they are a bit messy to handle that's why they give you a fork and yes, they will most definitely clog your arteries but just indulge yourself then make a couple more laps around the park.
1	This is painful for me to actually post this but I am giving the Potato Patch at Kennywood Park 1 star of 5.   I grew up going to Kennywood Park and the Potato Patch was always something to look forward to with perfect fries and toppings like malt vinegar, gravy, cheese or just good old fashioned Heinz Ketchup and salt.  When I went to Kennywood this past summer I stood in line for 30 minutes and the fries were horrible and VERY soggy with old hot grease (and perhaps the worst thing that I have attempted to eat in a very long time).  I know that a lot of kids work at these amusement park stands but someone with a little more experience or seniority needs to put in some standards and return The Potato Patch to it's glory days.
5	Fun Fact: anywhere from 1 - 2 1/2 tons of potatoes are downed daily here.That should be enough to convince you I shouldn't have to explain how good this place is.But maybe, just maybe, I can't keep my mouth shut.  I mean, there is something utterly amazing about how little time there is between the initial cut of those potatoes in front of you to your mouth there is.  D E L I C I O U S!  Nothing better than a fresh potato fried up then smothered with your liking of toppings (one topping is free).  If you want the bacon and cheese fries it's about $1.50 more than the regular one topping fries.  Opt for no topping and decide off to the side if you want Heinz ketchup or ranch dressing.  Best tip for this place: Lots of napkins...I mean like half the container, especially if you get the cheese topping.
5	A Kennywood must try!These are the best fries ever! Eating Potato Patch fries and going to Kennywood is part of the Pittsburgh summer. It's almost worth the price of admission to Kennywood alone!Yes, the lines are long, but they do go fast. They are always cut fresh right before being fried, unlike the fast food chains that  double drop their fries. I always get the bacon and cheese fries and add ranch dressing and ketchup. Other available topping include beef gravy, garlic salt, seasoned salt, and bbq salt. You will defiantly need a hand full of napkins as you are going to get VERY messy!
4	As someone who didn't grow up in Pittsburgh, I wondred if the legendary Potato Patch fries would live up to expectations.  After all, every single person that knew I was going to Kennywood said that if I ate one thing that day, it had to be these fries.  They had a lot to live up to.  I heard stories of waiting up to a half hour (or more!) for the fries, so I was worried that I'd wait a long time and be disappointed.  During our visit, there was a downpour and thunderstorm.  All the rides were closed but the area where we were seeking shelter a quick jaunt from the famed stand.  My husband braved the rain and got me an order with cheese, bacon and garlic salt.  It was love at first bite.  The fries were perfectly covered in warm cheese and an ample supply of bacon.  They were HOT and had just the right amount of crispness.  An awesome treat.  I was tempted to get them again before leaving the park but decided to save the treat for a repeat visit later this summer.
4	I like cheese fries. Don't get the bacon. It's too greasy and will make you sick. I will be back here.
4	One the "must do" things at Kennywood is to get the Patch Fries. I always preferred getting the cheese on the side so my fries would not get soggy. I was a bit disappointed recently when we were given cold fries. Not sure how this can happen when the lines is continuous. My expectations are high from the Patch because of my memories. Make sure to visit this place while at Kennywood.
2	I know this is a "beloved" Kennywood classic, but I just cannot find reasons to love it.First off, the wait was dreadful, but I'll overlook that because it is located in an amusement park filled with hungry people. I ordered right off the menu--fries drizzled in cheddar cheese and loaded with bacon. That sounds delicious right? Well, what I got a pile of soggy fries drowned in grease and cheese with pieces of stale bacon on top that literally tasted like salty cardboard. Goodbye appetite, goodbye $7.  Final verdict: It was a $7 poorly spent. I am a huge french fries fan, but I am definitely NOT a fan of the fries at The Potato Patch.
