2	If you have an actual skin condition, go somewhere else! Not only does this dermatologist office specialize in cosmetic procedures, but they have virtually no knowledge of actual skin conditions. The dermatologist I saw literally said "I have no idea what this is" about a topical cream I had been prescribed for 10 years in another state. She was not willing to research it; she simply asked me what it was. Save your time and money and go to people who are actually invested in actual skin problems.
1	Needed laser treatment for fungus feet...Dr. Obagi told me that laser is painful despite her own brochure stating that it was painless... Then asked me how my liver was... ? never bother to give me options for care... She just assumed that I would rather take oral medication... She saw me 45 min after I arrived to my appointment and didn't even touch the feet... She emphasized the cost of laser treatment and cost of lifelong topical medications for feet...as if she was convincing me not to go on with the procedure... Racially profiling patients! Assuming since I am a minority that I can't afford laser treatment... Poor bedside manner... Come here only if you want poor service
5	Dr. Susan Obagi is here. There are few better than she.  As the Center's Director Suzan Obagi, MD, is associate professor of dermatology and plastic surgery at the University of Pittsburgh, and she trains physicians from around the world on the latest in cosmetic and laser surgery.You may have heard of Obagi skin products and of her very famous doctor father in Los Angeles. She gives straight advice and the best treatments you can find anywhere. I think we are really fortunate to have Dr. Obagi here in Pittsburgh. She can be expensive but she is definitely the best for you skin and face.  Our results over several years of various treatments have been quite outstanding.Dr. Obagi also has a practice in Wexford where we first met with her before the Shadyside suite was completed.
1	Good afternoon Yelpers, let me start by letting you know that I am a surgical assistant in a "fee for service" medical practice. I am also 35 yrs old and in need of a new Dr who does Botox. I just moved here from Orange County, CA and I rely on Yelp for their reviews. I heard this physicians name and was intrigued to call because I use her famous fathers skin care products. And I live in Shady Side and work next door to her Sewickely office and I was like "JACK POT"!!!   So I called and asked the obvious questions like .... how long has she been in practice (which is a standard question anyone should ask) and the response I got was (look on the website) WHAT?!!! Here I am calling for a cash service that creates repetitive revenue. I get Botox every 4-5 months roughly 30 units at $16 a unit and I need more skin care products and that adds up to $650ish 3 times a year. And my husband needs services too, not to mention all my friends and my clients who also pay CASH for services.... Anyway my response was I already looked online and it wasn't readily available, and I asked how many people do Botox in that practice and she said 3 and I rephrased my question and asked how many Drs do Botox???? MDs.. and she said 2, then proceeded to tell me one of them was a fellow, and I was like no no no I have worked in an academic setting and I don't want a fellow (1-2 yr fellowship after obtaining their MD) to me that means a student and I have 15 yrs in medicine and I don't want a student. So the not so friendly voice on the other line said "well she is booked until the end of February and in a snide condescending way and she didn't seem to be the least bit interested in trying to book me as a patient so I thanked the lady and hung up. I do hope that the office manager or Dr.O herself reads this review because if this were one of my employees review they would be out the door (especially in this economy) . On a side note to my fellow Yelpers please drop me a line if you know of any good Botox Drs. I am ready to book and spend some cash ;)
