5	I'm shocked the Melrose District has yet to be reviewed. Anyone who passes through Phoenix should visit this little eclectic haven. It's one of my favorite areas in the Valley. If I'm ever looking for something unique and off the beaten path, I immediately visit the Melrose District. Full of vintage clothing stores, antique stores, boutiques and restaurants, it's a great way to shop and eat the way through a lazy weekend day. When traveling through the Melrose District, I find the best antiques (reasonably priced too!), great vintage clothing if I'm in need of a costume or classic piece, boutiques where I find great gifts for friends and family (shh, that's my secret!) and I can stop and grab a bite either at a neighborhood grocery store or restaurant along the way. I've noticed several stores that I haven't had the chance to visit yet (like the 'wash your own pet' store) so as soon as the weather becomes nice again, I'll be making it a day on Melrose!The Melrose District does a great job of preserving Arizona history. With the gorgeous homes off the main strip, you can easily park your car and take a stroll up and down the streets. But beware, if you blink you might drive through the Melrose District without even realizing you drove through! It's an area that looks misleading to the common eye, but once you really look, you realize that you are surrounded by gems of the city. In addition to the daily services, when the weather's nice, the businesses on Melrose participate in a street festival where visitors can walk up and down the district and browse the shops. I'm counting down the days until the next one! So when you have some down time on your hands, take a drive to 7th and explore the district you've been missing all along!
5	Vintage heaven.  I love spending the whole day going shop to shop finding unique items for my house or wardrobe. This is one of my favorite places in Phoenix.
5	I love this part of town!!!  Thanks for cleaning it up!!!  Welcome to the "gayborhood"
