3	Pricey but love this place. Their denim from Craft are the softest I have ever felt. I would never buy another gap jacket for my daughter again. A little far for me to drive so I don't get there much but I definitely make the effort every now and then. Too bad we don't have any high end clothing in the SE valley. I need an escape from the Justice for girls junk.
4	If you are looking for cute kids clothes, this is the place!  The key is to only buy on sale...then you get cute without blowing your budget!Staff are friendly and helpful!
3	Pretty cute store. Mostly clothing not the best for gifts unless you know the person well. Good California relaxed style
1	The clothing they sell is wonderful and as a previous poster mentioned the key is to buy it on sale.  I have to say the retail experience at this store in no way matches the quality of the merchandise.  On a recent visit, this grandfather was relieved of his Peek shopping bag brought in to get a benefit of sale reduction.  "So that my hands are free to shop" I was told..  Do you try that with women's handbags and briefcases?  I think not.  Very bad form   You're implying that your customer is a thief after having spent handsomely.  They refused the credit since I was a few days late to which I had to tell them I'd return the goods then buy them again at the sale price. Then I got the benefit of sale.They practice data mining by asking for your name at the beginning of each sale ?  Why bother ?  Declining only makes people feel uncomfortable.Petty retail practices and poor customer relations.
2	I was so excited to have a new kids store in town. Very cute clothing but due to inconsistent quality and sizing it makes it hard to continue to shop here.  I bought a wrap dress for my daughter and after only a few washes it had multiple holes on the seams. The salesperson states it's thin material so it doesn't last long- Really?? My son's very cute block shirt had the cotton pilling after only 1 wash.  I mentioned this to the salesperson at the Kierland Commons location and she stated since they have only been in business 6 years they are still having issues with their venders.
