5	One of Charlotte's newest and most welcomed places.  This dive bar offers unique alcoholic beverages along with food that is superb!  Only having been open a few weeks, they are still figuring out their service.  Food took a while to make and deliver for our party of 6.
5	Great new place.  It's been open for 2 weeks. It's a little small but it's great. I had the pork belly with cornbread mac & cheese... amazing.  I usually try mac and cheese wherever I see it and this was top notch. I sat at the bar since I was alone and Jim took excellent care of me. They have food and drink you don't see everywhere. If that isn't enough, the owner is involved with underprivileged kids. Go try it before the line is out the door.
5	Excellent food, unique cocktails & friendly attentive service!  Friends recommended this new restaurant since it was a pleasant evening for dinner on the patio!We started with deviled eggs & hummus plate. All was unique and tasty! Pickled veggies on the hummus plate were delicious and crunchy! Oh the cheese scones were warm with crispy outside and tender center along with soft butter - they were melt in your mouth scrumptious!Since I had read the mac & cheese was fabulous, I knew in the back of my mind I had to have it! So I opted for it and drunken mussels. Neither disappointed although I would have enjoyed more grilled bread with it. Delicious!!  My husband had the sliders which he said were pretty good. Friends got fries (which were wonderful, great seasoning) and another got brie stuffed hen.  Staff ensured we had full water glasses, wine was flowing, and all were friendly & attentive!  I can't wait to try it again and will probably get the farro risotto! I'm also anxious to try their sister lunch place, The Mayo Bird!
4	5 stars for the food... 3 for the ambiance and service. This place is fairly new, and I hope the quality of the food keeps it in business - it was pretty quiet at dinner on a Monday night.  Upside - no wait for a table!Very unique cocktail and food menu - made for a difficult choice. I started with the strawberry lemonade cocktail, and my husband had the Everest. Both were fantastic. For food we tried the street corn salad (with popcorn!!!), bbq pork belly with mac n' cheese, and the farro risotto. WOW!! We loved every bite.  Upscale comfort food at its best.Overall, the ambiance seemed caught in an identity crisis - the decor has sort of a retro-modern farmhouse quirkiness, which doesn't seem to match the refined caliber (and price) of the food.  The restaurant is small, and has the potential for an intimate, cool vibe, but it didn't really deliver on this visit.  My biggest gripe would be the uncomfortable metal chairs - they were cold on my legs and looked like they belonged in a 50's diner.  I'd expect something a little more comfortable and high-end considering the overall quality of the cuisine. A few small cosmetic tweaks could help The Summit Room deliver the full dining experience you'd expect from this type of place.
4	Interesting cocktails (my favorite was the Blueberry smash) and huge patio right on East Blvd. Didn't get to try the food but everything I saw on the menu looked amazing. Great date spot!
4	I'm so rarely on the early end of a trendy restaurant that I feel pretty cool having visited The Summit Room just a month after they opened! It looks totally different than when it was Bruegger's - I can't speak to the Mayobird side, but I definitely felt like I was in a casual, trendy restaurant. A girlfriend and I went after work and got there right at 5:00 when they opened. We were only the second people in there, and we grabbed a seat at the bar.The bar itself is awfully pretty... glass bottles as far as the eye can see and silver bar stools lend themselves to a very clean, modern feel without being sterile. There were maybe 12-14 seats at the bar, a few tables along the side, and a high, long table at the front near the front door. There's also a huge, inviting patio, but it was a little sweltering the night we were there. I also love the huge, private parking lot, which is a little rare on East Blvd.Our bartender, Scott, was so fun and gave us honest recommendations on what to get. I think he got a little overwhelmed later in the evening, but I'm guessing they're just getting their footing. We opted to split the BBQ shrimp appetizer and chicken flat bread appetizer. The chicken flat bread came in four pieces, which were delicious if just a smidgen dry, and the BBQ shrimp was pretty tasty, too. It came over a corn pudding, which tasted verrrry corny, so buyer beware. We were also given complimentary cheddar scones before dinner, which tasted like the delicious Red Lobster cheddar bay biscuits, only in light scone form... mmmmm.We each got a signature cocktail; there are 7, and they're named after the tallest summit on each continent. The Mount Vinson was very smooth - cinnamon, ginger beer, vanilla - and The Kilimanjaro was refreshing and sweet for summer - lemonade, cranberry, gin.When we left, we noticed that the patio was packed! This is a great "classy" addition to a casual row of restaurants on East Blvd. Do yourself a favor, and check out The Summit Room.
5	THE SUMMIT ROOM: Go. Don't just sit there, GO. Go on! Get up! Go! You can read my review on the ride over.This is probably the best new restaurant Charlotte's seen in a couple of years. Not only is the everything on the menu upscale, trendy, local, and fresh, but the prices are SUPER reasonable and the service is A+.We went on an early summer evening, so we couldn't resist the urge to sit outside. The patio area is incredibly charming, with hanging lights and a view of a quiet part of East Blvd. The inside of the restaurant looked very pleasant as well: there were a lot of wooden services in lighter colors with a lot of light coming in from the outside. Very welcoming.Speaking of welcoming, our server knew the menu backwards and forwards and could describe each dish beautifully based on his honest opinion of the food. A server who tells you what's in each dish is good, but a server that is honest about what s/he likes is worth their weight in gold. It paid off.We weren't chomping at the bit for food, so we went straight to the main event. I ordered the mussels and the BBQ shrimp, while my companion ordered the stuffed cod. Everything was fantastic, but it was the BBQ shrimp - which we split as an appetizer - which was by far the standout. The shrimp were extra fresh-tasting and quite large. They were slathered in a smokey BBQ sauce and served atop a sweet and luscious corn pudding. A touch of tasso cream on the side made for a great dipping sauce when desired.The mussels were quite tasty, with the innovative twist being that they were cooked in a broth made with Olde Mecklenburg Brewery Copper Ale. They were served with some stewed veggies and some grilled bread, which, let's face it, is the REAL reason why everyone gets mussels. The mussels themselves are always wonderful, but dipping the bread in the broth after you've polished off your mollusks is like touching the face of Poseidon.The stuffed cod was quite good. The scallops stuffed inside were a wonderful touch and the fact that this glorious combination of seafood was only $24 made it impossible to turn down. The cod itself is presented beautifully in two pieces - you can see the pictures in this restaurant's Yelp profile - and comes with a candied lemon wheel and arugula butter. Both these accoutrements can make this stellar dish even better if applied sparingly. The one thing I didn't like about this dish was the size of the sweet peas in the scallop stuffing. They were a bit to large and mild, so they ended up distracting from what might best be described as a sonata of flavors. In spite of that, the dish was still quite satisfying.Okay, you've read my review and now (I hope!) you've pulled up to The Summit Room and are about to enjoy a fantastic meal. Bon appetit.
4	Watch out for the food prices.Probably the best new restaurant in Charlotte. Great space in Dilworth. We sat at the bar. Super menu and the most friendly staff. We were made feel really welcome. The menu is fun, not the typical Charlotte fare. Or if it is; then it has flair.They have a unique and cool way to pre-order or play-forward a drink for friend.The only drawback are the food prices; they are too high, even for Dilworth.
4	Great place but too expensive for a casual place.  Food is gourmet but still not worth it.  I Was there right after they opened and service was very slow.  Went back and sat at bar and service was great so the only real negative is price.  Love having this place in neighborhood but I can't really become a regular when hummus is $10 and majority of small plates are around $15.  Love to do small plates but at those prices the bill adds up too quickly.  Loved everything we had both times.
5	Very cool place with rustic, lodge-like decor but with a modern take. Drinks are fantastic and unique but can be a bit pricey. Food is well prepared, portions are good sizes, and there are plenty of vegan, vegetarian and gluten-free options. Bar and wait staff are knowledgeable and caring (we recently had Jennifer wait on us, she is really good).
4	Very cool place, upscale, trendy yet friendly and neighborhood vibe is all over the place. You never had collards or brussel sprouts like this in Mom's kitchen. Every item has an adventure dining twist. Lots of options if you want to snack and drink or have a major meal. Service was a little slow but the ambiance was relaxed so it didn't matter. They never mentioned desert or a desert menu so I guess they don't serve it.  Like the Dilworth neighborhood it resides in it is waaaay more expensive than it looks or feels. Surised a place this trendy wasn't on Open Table, figured they didn't take reservations. Turns out they do, they were booked.They mentioned some service I never heard of or to just call them. Pretty prehistoric for such a trendy place.THose things aside, a real winner. Best new place in town just has Saturday night prices  with a Tuesday night ambiance. Get over it and enjoy, that's why we work.
4	When I checked out their menu online, I was so excited to try one of the newest additions to Dilworth. I was definitely not disappointed by our first visit there tonight for dinner.It was the first day of restaurant week, so I wasn't sure if we'd be able to sit down without a reservation. Luckily, there were still open spots at the bar and at the tables outside. We chose to sit outside on one of the few Charlotte summer days that wasn't overwhelmed with humidity. It was a lovely evening for a lovely meal.We shared the kale salad, and he had the NC crusted trout, while I had the mussels. The kale salad was dressed with a light house-made vinaigrette, and had flavorful additions such as pickled thinly sliced radish, roasted peanuts, and grape tomatoes. Very fresh and light. It was a pretty large portion, so it was perfect to share as an appetizer.The trout was lightly crusted and was pan fried perfectly to get crispy skin without being smothered in grease. The filets sat over a bed of creamed corn that tasted very farm to table fresh.My mussels were delicious as well. Aside from the wonderful flavors, I appreciated the little bits of radish sprouts sprinkled throughout. Overall, I loved my meal and look forward to trying the other items on their menu, such as chorizo collards, shrimp banh mi sliders, and their fresh juice cocktails.
2	After reading excellent reviews of this place, we decided to give it a try. The food was excellent and the drinks were delicious. Unfortunately we had really horrible service. Our waiter routinely ignored us and went to other tables multiple times. We waited about 35 minutes for one of our courses. We wanted to like this place, but after the poor service, we will not return.
4	Came here Thursday night with friends for a dinner/date night.  We had the bahn mi sliders for an appetizer and the stuffed cod as a main course (split with the bf).  In all the food was good but a bit over priced. For example the sliders were pretty small and there were just 3..for $14 not worth it what so ever.  Out of the two the stuffed cod was my favorite.  The fish tasted fresh and the presentation was very creative.  I would definitely be coming back but probably just to the bar. The cocktails here are pretty solid as well.
5	Stopped by the Summit around 5:30 and chose to sit in the shaded patio. The bar and interior is retro-modern and beautiful but there's nothing quite like summer evenings on a shaded patio. From the creative drinks (try the cucumber or island) to the fantastic small plates of new southern food (crawdad pimento cakes and collards + cornbread) we were blown away. The food and drink is matched with attentive, smart service.  Thoroughly enjoyed and highly recommend.
3	The food is out of this world.  The cocktails are to die for.  The noise level is unacceptable.  I will only return if I get a table outside.  We were at the bar having dinner, we were screaming at each other.
5	Best new restaurant in Charlotte! Cool vibe, friendly service, interesting drinks and fresh, tastefully done foods. 5 out of 5!
5	Best patio in Myers Park/Dilworth area! Our server, Jennifer, was outstanding tonight. Presented the restaurants concept and menu well, was funny, friendly and attentive without being intrusive. The sweet potato empanadas are a great way to start your night and the duck is always good. Upscale menu in a casual neighborhood environment. Save room for the sweet treats after dinner.
1	We were so excited to try the Summit Room,  especially since it's right in our hood. I called several times to make a reservation, but no one answered. So I waited and called again. Finally, it was dinner time (8:30pm) so we just walked  over. We were told the wait would be an hour. Seriously? There were several open tables.When I mentioned that no one was answering the phone, I was told reservations were booked 4 days in advance. Ok... But that doesn't mean you shouldn't answer the phone. A server seemed to suggest that not answering the phone was a pretty normal thing. #unprofessional I suppose we'll try this place another time. Ya know, if they ever call us back.
5	This has now become one of my favorite new spots in Charlotte, I'll start first we the staff. Very welcoming, Frances the bartender just awesome! They make it a point to get to know you especially after you visit a few times. Now the food, love the Hummus, the pickled vegetables the come with it are amazing.  The Brussels sprouts are probably the best I've ever tasted, deviled eggs with pickled onions on top were a real surprise but very good.  The desserts are awesome and the drinks are great too.I love the charm of the decor, a southern charm but yet you feel like you could be at a cute little spot in Colorado.  It is small so make reservations or arrive early before 7 on the weekdays. After 7 your going to have a tough time finding a table or bar seat. Great location, great staff and great food!
5	One of the best meals I've had in a while. Great addition to the food scene in CLT. Great atmosphere and amazing food. The menu changes from what I understand but the cheese plate was great and mussels were so flavorful. Also, a great cocktail menu! The service was on point and attentive without being too much, they were all very knowledgeable about the food & beverages. Definitely adding it to my rotation.
5	The Summit Room is SOOOO GOOD.  Went for my birthday dinner with my husband last night. We shared as an appetizer the mussels.  They were amazing, and a great portion for the $.  I could have drank the juice they were in.  We got Brussel sprouts, and fingerling potatoes to share with our entrees.  I got the pork belly cornbread Mac and cheese (WOWWWW) and be got the duck (delicious) . the decor is really cool.  Reminds me of a cool place that would be in Charleston. . Finally a Charlotte restaurant I really can't wait to go back to.
2	I loved the decor and seating. We elected to eat at the bar and the bartender was very friendly and helpful with the menu. The scones that were given to us were bland and cold. Nothing special. The entrees were nicely plated, but left us hungry. For 85+ plus tip for two people at this place was just not worth it. Our food took a very long time to come out, we waited almost an hour and the missed our movie date. I also had bone in my stuffed cod which was very unsettling. I would rather spend that kind of money at other places around town. I don't think I will be back unless it is for drinks only.
5	Absolutely love this hidden gem!! The vibe is amazing, makes me feel like I'm in a cozy cabin in the mountains. It is a tad small, so may be tough for large parties unless you make reservations, but we got there at 5:30pm on a Friday night and was able to sit right at the bar! Tonight was my first time trying this place; from service to drinks to the food, everything was superb! We ordered two drinks and three appetizers or "small plates." The pomegranate cocktail was delicious and had a cinnamon sugar rim! The fried green tomatoes were cookedTo perfection with an excellent sauce pairing! The BBQ chicken pizza was delicious, the cheese they chose was the perfect touch! Lastly we ordered the Brussel sprouts, seasoning was amazing and had a small crunch to it! The most amazing part about this night was Jennifer (an employee), she recommended everything we ordered and was spot on! This girl knows everything on the menu with as much detail as you'd like to know! She's very passionate about where she works and believes in the chefs! And man was she dead on! Sadly, I couldn't fit in dessert, but her explanations made my mouth watery! Highly recommend sitting at the bar and asking for Jennifer!
5	Great Place food well made and they make good cocktails! Servers are really nice !!!
4	Good local beer selections and tasty food. They definitely put effort into their dishes and have creative offerings. Overall, I think this place is over priced and in a bit of a weird location. I would go back again for drinks but maybe not to spend a ton of money on food.
4	Came here last night for lite bites and cocktails. It was a short Uber ride from where we were staying downtown. The drinks were delicious; ordered a clementine negroni and was made with the freshest ingredients. As for food, ordered Brussels sprouts with lardon bits and Sriracha deviled eggs. Can't wait to come back next time we are in town.
