4	Pupusas for $1.50...oohh sooo good...but oohh soo greasy.This resturaunt seems like Grandma's in the kitchen. The pupsas are a Salvidorian kinda thingy...Hand made thick corn tortilla filled inside w/ cheese beans and pork.My one and ONLY complaint is that thier cheese is too greasy, after it melts, out pours the oily mess. but hey, you'll love it and you'll never know until you try it. & YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!!!
3	Went there with my hubby and 2 kids on a Sunday afternoon.  The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside... I was a little nervous.  The inside was pretty clean and tidy... not much for decor but   there was a guy on karoke singing songs in Spanish!  We went mainly for the pupusas.... they were cheap, a lil' oily and oh so cheesy!  There are 3 types available, plain w/cheese, cheese and bean and a pork cheese and bean.  we ordered a couple of each  and were not disappointed.  Next time I'll ask them to make them "well done"  a couple were kinda doughy... the slaw they came with was ok.. nothin special... They had a sign for 12 pupusas for $12 Mon-Fri... I dont remember what type but it sounded like a good deal.....  We'll definately be back!
4	Small pupusas for $1.50 good huh? BUT GREAZAY! The toppings were real good. BUT alas.... The place is small real weird looking blue colors and the kareokey was uhhhh yea lol. I just so did not dig the little joint. They seriously need a fashion ambush. I love/hate the cheese melting in your mouth don't get me wrong that is great, but again it's greasy so that's bad. It gets you full and it's cheap. But yeah I will come back don't worry I won't let you go out of business.
4	Tasty pupusas... nuff said?  Cheap and not too greasy.  Oh yeah, they have orange soda.  Ok ok... the restaurant was roomy and clean too.  The girls behind the counter were nice. Might see ya there!
4	everytime i come to vegas, i have to come eat here. pupusas are yummy. love the beans with fried bananas & cream. nice staff.
4	They did do a remodeling of the inside! See? Plus the pupusas are the same. But they are less greasy now. They taste awesome! Karaoke still there.
4	The food was absolutely delicious. I had the pupusas and they were very good. I also ate the platanos Fritos and they were soooo yummy. Defenatly recommend this place. Only thing is waitress was rude, but I guess the food makes up for it.
5	We ordered combo #1, some pupusas revueltas & a shrimp pupusa! Soooo good! Best food ever!!!
3	Great please to eat, sit, and relax. The main reason I come here was for the pupusas and they do not disappoint.Just customer service sucks .
1	horrible service..Ruined my family breakfast, I decided to give them another chance months later but I ordered to go because I didn't want to deal with the attitude, Only to get home and see the wrong order!! $18 for a wrong breakfast..
4	Since it is near my house and I love pupusas, I tried this place and my friend yelp! this place for their delicious food. The food was amazing! Was big, very tasteful and very friendly customers service!
5	A must go if you're looking for delicious pupusas and other Salvadoran or Mexican dishes. The bean and cheese pupusas are great plain, no sauce or salsa needed. I always get three carne tacos and 2 bean and cheese pupusas and I am stuffed. I have never been dissatisfied with their food or service.
4	YumThis place is very good and very authentic. Initially I was upset they were out of the pork tamales, but the chicken tamal was excellent I also had a few bites of a pork chili relleno and nothing could describe it other than amazing. I have returned a few times and it is always good!
1	This place  that fuck  up  the. Food  without salt  and to fucken. Cold   And. The charger  ex for. To go  order  it's was  my favorite place but now they are so bad
