4	I'm pretty sure this YMCA was around when the song came about. I joined this YMCA when I was in High School and I got a pretty good deal on a student membership. Only twenty dollars a month! BUT this gym is old school. Recently they did some renovations to try and keep up with their competition, but I'm not really a fan of those either. Even though it wasn't the most to date gym, that gave it some advantages as well. I got to know the staff really well, and I never had to wait for machines. I probably wouldn't join this gym again because I would prefer a bigger gym, but if you aren't a gym rat this location would probably be perfect for you! Y-M-C-A!
4	I love this place! We grew up at the Y in south FL, and my son is getting involved, too. It is definitely pricier than most gyms but you are supporting a place that doubles as a community center and place you can bring your kids! They have group fitness class, a huge pool, and swim lessons (my son goes every summer), a place you can drop the kids off when you're working out, a rec room, trainers, basketball, and all kinds of things. The smoothie bar and wi-fi is cool too (I wouldn't go there to work necessarily, but if you need it it's there)! The swim lessons are what we do most  and we really enjoy them. The classes have gotten pretty big but its a nice pool and a great instructor. Really love it here :D
3	The first thing I've learned after joining this Y is that not all Y's are alike.  In fact, they can be vastly different since they are managed independently.  We came from one of the nicest Y's possibly in the country in University Park, Texas.  The Scottsdale Y is OK.  The gym has a good variety and number of cardio machines.  I have been very satisfied by the adult offerings.  They also provide 2 hours of child care a day for members, which is nice.  My kids love the playroom there and usually don't want to leave.  I have been very disappointed with the kids programs which is why we chose the Y over LA Fitness.  We almost joined swimming for kids, but after watching a few lessons, I decided to go elsewhere.  It appears that the teachers change every week.  I watched a private lesson where the instructor didn't even get in the water with the kid, but barked commands from the edge of the pool.  How awful.  We recently tried the Itsy Bitsy sports.  It is supposed to be an intro to t-ball, basketball and soccer for toddlers.  On day one, they tried to have my 4 year old dribble across the court, do chest shots and lay-ups.  C'mon now.  They did give me a refund for the class which was nice.  My last comment is that the pool is really gross.  We've tried to swim there with the kids, but the water just doesn't smell very good and there are hairballs everywhere.  The locker rooms are also not super clean either.  But if you just stick to the gym, the adult classes and the child care, you should be fine.   The last perk is that I have been able to use other Y's across the country due to my membership here.  It's definitely a great value.
4	The Wii Fit is fun way to workout but realized thanks to my daughter that its not a "real" work out.  So to avoid further harassment from my daughter we decided to look into joining a gym about a month ago.  After doing some research the YMCA seemed to be the best fit for us.We joined as a family about a month ago and so far I am really enjoying the YMCA in Scottsdale.  If you are looking for a well maintained gym that has a pool, tons of classes, and a day care (at no additional cost with the family plan) and not full of muscle heads this is the place for you.  I have taken about 10 spin classes so far and Lisa is a great instructor at 5:30am so definitely recommend giving her class a try if you can get your butt up early enough.  Every time I have gone my day has seemed to be more productive.For those (and I am one of them) that need extra motivation to work out the YMCA uses a progress logging system called Fitlinx.  You can sign up for a free intro to the machines that are part of this system.  Each time you visit the gym you log in and those circuit or cardio machines (and there are many) that are tied into the Fitlinx system it will record your progress.  The YMCA even reports weekly progress of top members so for those competitive folks this is the perfect incentive to getting off the couch and into the gym.  I know its working for me as I don't like seeing my name so far down the list.For the price the YMCA is definitely worth checking out if you are considering joining a gym.
4	I'm excited about this Y. It is pretty much the same as all the other Y's, but that is what is great. It is more private, personalized and cozy (if that makes any sense). I love to work out and they have everything I need - nothing too fancy - just your basic - get down to business fitness equipment. And then there's the classes and pool and so much more than the "showy" gyms. Plus, the people are friendly, and I get a family type of vibe here. And there's no one walking around with there ass crack pinched up in a thong! It is classy and pleasant. I just love it here and look forward to my workouts as a result. It really should get five stars, but I haven't tried the classes to see if the instructors are any good yet (so I will update:)
4	I've been a member at this YMCA for about 6 months. Before that I've tried many big box gyms like LA Fitness and Ballys. This place is definitely different than those other gyms.First the good stuff:  For everything they offer, it's pretty affordable.I love that I have never have a problem finding a treadmill (even at peak hours), there are no time limits on the cardio machines, and each treadmill has an individual TV screen with all the basic cable channels. If you are a techie like me, you can also download tv shows and movies to your iPod or iPhone watch them on the treadmill's TV via an Apple specific adapter.Personally, I have not tried any of the classes, but there are TONS (there are 2 studios) and they aren't all offered in the middle of the work day like a lot of the gyms I had previously belonged to.I've been doing weight training with Teri, a personal trainer there for the last several months and have really enjoyed the experience. She's extremely knowledgeable and encouraging. The personal training is also very affordable.The not so great stuff:If you have kids, you're probably going to think this gym is awesome. However, I do not have kids and I usually find myself wading through big crowds of children just to get to the locker room and then again on the way to the exercise room. Many times there unsupervised children running around, screaming and playing in the small locker room, which I find slightly (ok, REALLY) annoying.The weight area of the gym is can be crowded during the hours of 5:30 - 7 pm when I am there. This was more apparent in the summer, now that it is winter time it seems to be less of a problem. Finding parking can be a problem, though there is another lot near by, you just have to walk a little farther. The locker room is usually a mess with puddles and clutter. I think my usual workout time must coincide with the youth swim team. Those kids must not be too concerned about their stuff being stolen because they leave their bags and and backpacks out all over the benches. There are only 3 toilets in there and it seems like half the lockers don't have a working latch that can be locked.Finally, they are usually closed on holiday weekends. In the winter I don't mind this (since I can get in an workout outside), but in the summer months it kills me.
3	Nothing fancy here - just a good gym with everything you need at a decent price, right in the pocket between Paradise Valley & Scottsdale.
4	Nice, clean equipment and friendly staff.
3	Yes, i know that the Y is a family-oriented establishment. But the massive number of children just milling about in the hallways is a bit more than frustrating. There is a lounge area that should be utilized by people socializing before/after classes, but for some reason, the doorways of the studios and the hallways are just SO MUCH MORE FUN to stand in! I would like to get to and from the locker room and exercise room without having to excuse myself as I navigate through the minefield of casual chatterboxes and feel like I'm interrupting THEM.The equipment is fairly up-to-date and well-maintained. I like that there are more than enough treadmills, elliptical machines and recumbent bikes that no time limit is imposed upon users.I've only taken one class so far, but the instructor was SO NICE and understanding and clear on her instructions (it was a yoga-based class, and i am NOT a yoga master by any stretch) that I'll definitely be back. I'd also like to take Zumba at this location; it looks to be acceptable for all fitness levels, but it's also always full.
5	Excellent, EXCELLENT, family fitness center, daycare, swimming,a mirad of other nifty activities; very well laid out fitness center area (my main use), day care & pre-school for the younger kids, activities for the kids of virtually all ages, and WIDE variety of specialty fitness classes (especially for us SilverSneaker seniors). The management & staff are friendly, helpful, enthusiastic (but NOT overbearing). The facility overall always seems busy while not being crowded. Equipment is modern, VERY well maintained, and the entire outfit is always clean and ready to use. I consider this to be one of the top two fitness centers in the entire Valley of the Sun. I have seen a variety of the 24 Hour Fitness, La Fitness, YouFit, and other larger facilities.. Well done YMCA!! You seem to best them all.
2	Front desk staff totally disinterested in customer service, too busy chatting on cell phones and bantering with other staff.  Never once made eye contact.  Obviously, no one is managing this aspect of the business.  Workout room is very crowded with equipment.  Classes good, but ambience lacking
5	Been here for 10+ years great place to workout and play basketball.
3	The Good: Convenient location. Lots of programs for children. Family oriented.The Bad:Spotty customer service. NO information by phone or website. You have to come in for everything (schedules, updates, hours, prices). Ridiculous. Facilities need more updating and maintenance. They are not horrible, but definately could be cleaner. The bathrooms and locker rooms are lackluster and poorly stocked. Some rooms are also not functional/used (basketball court scoreboard).  There are also renovation projects left  half finished (kitchen, concession area).
