5	I love socks. I have two lingerie dressers full of socks.Several months ago we decided to walk through the shops at Mandalay Bay while we were waiting for a concert to start.As soon as we saw the Sock Market, I made an immediate beeline for the store. It's pretty small but is jam-packed with thousands of cool socks. I have made many trips back and always spend a good 30 minutes perusing the socks.They have something for everyone. Some of my favorites include a pair with patchwork cats, a pair with cute little white sheep all over, Frida Kahlo socks, virgin Mary socks, and flip flop socks with an Asian man on the foot.If you love socks, you will LOVE this store!
4	I LOVE socks! There was a huge variety of socks here. They even had Tabi socks, that were marketed as Flip Flop socks. While I was in there, at least three sales clerks asked if I was finding everything okay or if I needed any help. The cashier was not super friendly, if she had been, she probably could have gotten me to buy a couple more things near the cash register.The socks are pricey though, from $8.50 to $17.50. Normally I don't pay more than $5.00 for knee highs. I couldn't help it though, I had to get a pair of $17.50 Hello Kitty knee highs. I was tempted to buy the Knitter Girl Socks, but I prefer knee highs. I was also able to find some knee high anchor/chain print sock on sale for $7.00, so it averaged out. :D
5	If you've ever been to the San Francisco Sock Market at Pier 39, then you will LOVE this store.The store is pretty similar to the SF Sock Market.  Located in the Shops at Mandalay Bay, they've got hundreds (or thousands) of pairs of socks!  Everything from ankle socks to crew socks to mid-calf socks, to knee-high socks, to stockings and leggings - they've got em all!  And they've got such cute prints!  I like wearing printed socks to work with my Danskos, and this store has a ton of them.  I got several calf-length pairs of socks for work.  One pair is black with cupcake prints all over them, another is black with green turtles on them.  They've even got socks for more professional attire.  If fun and colorful prints aren't your thing, they've got plain colored socks, strips, and argyle prints as well.Such a fun store to peruse around!  Excellent customer service as well. :)
5	This place is amazing!!!!! from really really cheap to not that expensive. great place!!!!! :)
5	Amazing!!!!This is the kind of place you'd only expect to find in the "hippest" neighborhoods in Tokyo or London. I couldn't believe my eyes. Fun, whimsical, cute, and stylish - everywhere.A wonderful sock store with an outstanding selection. All of the socks I bought were great quality, too.
3	So, let's get something straight.  I love socks, I love tights, I love fishnets.  If any of those are in the picture, count me in!  That being said, I get around.  Wait...I mean...  You know what I mean.  I mean I go to buy lots of socks, tights, & fishnets at different stores around the world.  Sheesh, get your mind out of the gutter! ;PI was so excited when I saw this place, I thought it'd be my haven.  Sadly, I honestly owned most of the tights that I saw there.  And I definitely owned all the Batman socks we found there.  So.  Twas a bust for me.  But maybe for the less sock-savvy peeps, this will be the place for you.3 stars - It's Vegas...I want some crazy shit when it comes to my socks, tights, & fishnets.  Sadly, I didn't find anything I liked.
5	Nice and friendly staff, lots of funny and good quality socks! What else should I say to convince you?Just stop by and check things out here. Now you will find yourself paying for the funny socks you picked!
4	I love this store.  There are so many amazing socks and tights here, I go a little crazy which can be bad because these socks are freaking PRICEY.  What do you expect for a store in the Mandalay Bay???But, if you love socks and want to go a little crazy. I totally recommend this store.  I also like that the ladies who work there do a great job of knowing what they have in stock and where it is, which they should, but there are a LOT OF FREAKING SOCKS HERE!Go shop.  Bring Plastic.  Or hundred dollar bills.
4	What a FUN store!  There are literally HUNDREDS of socks here.  The majority of the socks (800+ of them) are for women.  And, they have a side rack towards the back of the store that are men's socks.For the women's socks, there are so many fun and different varities that you can choose from - long, ankle, toes, and knee high socks.  The styles range from sushi print, to hello Kitty to colorful to sexy.  The men's socks are also super fun, ranging from ninja warriors, surfers, buddahs, to bacon.Women's socks range typically between $8-11 a pair of socks.  Men's socks range between $11 - 15 a sock.  This isn't cheap, but it's worth the fun that you get when you wear the socks and start conversations with friends and strangers!Product Grade:  BService Grade:  B+/A-Worth the Money Grade:  B-Overall Impression:  B
5	not only was the sock collection awesome. But customer service was great. They will sock it to you.
3	Socks, socks and more socks. Every pattern, shape and image you can think of is here. Some of the items are cute, but oh so expensive. It's a tourist spot on the strip, so you know what to expect.
