5	I love this place!  Been here twice out of three trips to Montreal and it never gets old.  The food is cooked to PERFECTION. Literally. Every time.  Sometimes I think they cook better than all these four stars around here.For starters, a shot of vodka in an ice cold shot glass served to us before dinner.  Potoato vodka smooth,vanilla flavour.The story of the owners is awesome- they wanted to buy the painting on the wall, and because they were never able to buy it, they asked one day if they could buy the restaurant, and the owners said yes!Appetizers:Terrine de foie gras maison et ses toastsOur own duck foie gras, toasted bread with caramelized onions marinated in onion jam!The owners brought us a special caviar to go with the foie gras terrine and  caviar marinated in balsamic vinegar... on toasted brioche!3 shots of vodka and we're not drunk yet. The crisp vanilla scent, warm massaging moments... laughter over friends... amazing company.Duck breast medium rare surrounding a deep fried mash potato. Sittin atop is a baked pear the the sauce is sweet and savory with duck fat.Crisp from the potato, tender duck breast, amazingly bright flavors coming together as one, but massaging each part of your tastebuds separately.  Makes a wonderful sensation on your mouth!  And fresh peeled carrots, french cut green beans, asparagus, greens and peeled pear.The stroganoff, that I tasted from is so tender and soft, amazing flavor.  I cannot say more due to the wonderful vodka that I was fed.The steak tartar is vibrant with horseradish    spread on top of bread. This is amazing!!Seriously, a must come place.  On a street with tons of bars. :)
2	OK, just to be upfront. The food wasn't bad. I didn't find it great, and some elements were downright lacking, but the food wasn't the deal breaker. The problem was the price, and the service. My wife and I went there for a date night and decided to cash in coupons we got as a wedding present from her former employer. We thought, "Ahh! A meal on the cheap!". I had checked other reviews on other websites showing not so favorable reviews, but I trust the reviews on yelp more, and there wasn't anything that made my spider senses tingle. So our coupon said it covered a meal at the restaurant. Well turns out that the coupon covers 35$ of the meal. What they do is add everything up, tax you on the total bill, add a service fee on the price of the total meal, and then discount your bill 35$ from your coupon. I could tell they get grilled about the bill all the time, because as soon as he dropped off the bill, the waiter immediately went into an explanation as to how the billing worked. Also you're set into a fixed menu as soon as you mention you have a coupon (Which you are obligated to do to redeem it). \The set menu is a tapas style meal. A butt load of tiny little salads (what they call "cold appetizers"to fill you up, and then a plate with 5 hot items. Some of the salads were bland, and I was surprised to see that some of the potatoes in the potato salad were woefully undercooked. One of the cold appetizers was simply some cut dill pickles. I would say if I was to put a price on all the cold appetizers in another restaurant, I'd say 15-20$ just because of sheer volume of selection(I am referring to the amount we got for 2 people). The hot course was pretty good. The Lamb meatball was nice and tender. I would have liked a little more seasoning, but I'll admit I'm being picky. The cabbage roll itself was good, but it was covered in a massive glob of melted cheese, which turned out taking away from the delicate balance of spices in the roll itself. I was a bit upset about that. The deruny (potato pancake) was pretty unappetizing. It appeared to have been cooked in a cold pan, making it absorb a ridiculous amout of oil. As you cut into it, the surface started glistening as the oil raised to the surface. Gross. The rest of the items were pretty good, and were quite filling too. The service, oh dear. We had as much face to face time with our waiter during the whole meal, as when he explained our bill. The dropped off bread, and 2 trays with our food. He refilled the water once. That was it.At this point I will mention that this meal is all you can eat. So if you want to be technical, you could say that if I wanted my money's worth I should have had more. But heres the thing. By the end of trying all the salads, finishing some, and having the very filling hot course, I was very full... and I'm an eater folks. I can pack away the food. I didn't want any more. I was quite stuffed. OK, here comes the math, so some people might want to skip this part and just never go here. So heres the breakdown, we had 2 people have the set menu that comes with the coupons, then I had a shot of ice cold Belvedere Vodka (7,75$) and my wife had a fancy champagne cocktail that was 18$. Now let me add everything together stating the highest price that I would find reasonable for what we had... 75.75$, plus tax, 86$, plus tip, 97$(roughly). So if we were paying the most I would find reasonable it would be a 100$ bill. I really think I'm being as fair as possible on this price. I'm expecting to pay 30$ out of pocket. The reality of the situation is that the bill was 125$. So that means, if I take out the drinks with tips and tax on them, we're looking around 34$ cheaper, so the bill would have been around 91$, just for the food, service, tax. This was NOT WORTH THAT. I've eaten more at MUCH nicer restaurants, with much better food for less money. Walking out with a bill of 54$ in this case, I was not irate. Had I purchased the coupons I would have been spitting my Belvedere vodka and breathing fire. Please don't go here. Go somewhere else. Go somewhere expensive. Treat yourself. Don't get drawn in by a groupon or livingsocial deal. Avoid.
4	Some Russian friends of mine were, lets say not huge fans of this place, but I can't understand why.  Perhaps because it's not mama's home cooked meals, but My group and I had a great time here.  The outing started with a groupon voucher which entitled us to unlimited Russian Appetizers.  Now first off when I try a new cuisine it's tough to know what to choose, well problem solved here, they don't even bother asking you they bring a sampler of everything.There were about 10 smaller dishes which were different salad / vegetable varieties, and a large family style place that had things like cabbage rolls, meat balls, dumplings, pickled mushrooms and more.  It was all very good and very filling, the waiter asked on a few occasions if he could bring more which we did for those delicious cabbage rolls.The music was Russian and the DJ was also singing along the whole night, the crown was young and the Vodka was definitely not in short supply.  It's not the sort of place I'd go every week, but when your looking for a out of the ordinary spot I think this would do the job.
3	I also happened to have a Groupon voucher granting me an unlimited supply of Russian appetizers. Hmm, they seem quite adept of internet coupons at Troika so keep an eye on your favourite websites! I was a bit surprised to see how tiny it is! No wonder the reservations can be hard to get: the place packs 75 people max!The restaurant embraces its surroundings, new, modern, classy Crescent joint. The decor is cool, but I feel I've seen it in every decor magazine in the past 5 years. I was a bit disappointed in the selection of a-la-carte dishes: steak, spaghetti..Where is the Russian flavour? The waiter quickly brought vodka (there was the Russian flavor at last!) and once my mother had ordered a beef Stroganoff he wait was so long I'm sure I could have watched doctor Zhivago in the process! The place can be quite dim in the evenings, which may become a bit dangerous (or entertaining) providing you will probably be offered complimentary vodka!I had never had tapas before, or anything of the sort. It might be just me, but there was this small moment, after the waiter had brought all the cold appetizers (you get 2 rounds, cold appetizers, and then the hot ones, keeping in mind everything is all you can eat) where I caught myself thinking : "...Is that it?" I am so conditioned to having huge plates! Don't worry, the little portions add up to one, big hearty meal! My faves were the little potato galettes with sour cream and the lamb patty. We definitely had those coming back! The tapas formula wasn't such a hit with my parents, who just couldn't figure it out (bless, they're a bit older). I have eating ADHD and end up always regretting not having what everybody else ordered or just stealing from other's plates, so the tapas were PERFECT, and left me without any regrets.
1	'cest plate a dire mais je suis contente que sa soi fermer il nous escroquais vraiment trop surtout avec le menu degustation.
