4	One of my favorite pizza chain restaurants. I remember going to Roundtable pizza plenty of times as a kid in California. Great memories. I love the pizzas here because it has a great crust. The sauce and ingredients are very tasty. I always get the King Arthur's Supreme and it never disappoints. The chicken wings are also pretty good. The only place I like better than this place is Shakey's.
4	Like the previous reviewer I also remember coming here as a kid and I was quite happy when I stumbled upon this location last year.  Yeah it's a chain but there's something about their pizza that is, well, good.I've only been here for the lunch buffet, $5.99? Heck yes! Well right off the bat I'm in a good mood because I didn't pay much and if I got there before 12:00 there probably aren't many other people there. After paying and receiving two plates and a drink cup you slide to the left and survey the salad bar. It's no strip sized salad bar, but for it's lack of square footage it makes up in selection. Then slide over to the pizza. Like any pizza buffet they just keep bringing out different pies. That's whats nice about the buffet you get a little of each. Of course there's always some jackass taking 10 pieces for himself of which 5 he'll actually eat so he can throw the other 5 away. So stay on your toes, if it's busy it could be hard to get a pizza you want if you're a picky eater. They also offer garlic bread twists and cinnamon twists with glazing. I really like frosting and the sad thing here is that they don't put much on, and because the twists are so hot the frosting usually melts off and drips to the bottom of the basket :( What a great place to gorge yourself on the cheap and then roll your carcass back to the office to schlep off the rest of the day while your food coma slowly digests itself away.
4	If you have been to a Round Table before, then you can expect the same great pizza. The staff is super friendly. The only negative thing about this location is the inside. This place definitely needs a makeover BAD! If you can get past the run down feel of the furniture then you will enjoy your meal. I hope they redo the inside soon, they will definitely get more business.
4	The dining area looks like an employee break room at BigLots. and the decoration on the walls are wiring and extension chords hidden by an inexperienced do-it-yourself-er. But they STILL get 4 STARS. I explained to the lady that I had a $30.00 budget and proceeded to order 2 small pizzas for almost 30 dollars. She suggested for me to get an extra large and do a half and half pizza. I ended tripling the amount of food and was still able to get bread twists and chicken wings as well. My wait was only 10 minutes, but she offered me a drink while I waited. People- THIS IS WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!Shannon was the lady's name, and this is the kind of service that  guarantees repeat customers. There was a tip jug at the counter and that usually tells me, "I'm just gonna do my job and nothing else- gimme your change." But Shannon made me wanna go back home and get my check book. Red Robin, Denny's, BJ's , etc. Go here, and take some notes. If you think I'm under-tipping you, it's because you only know how to serve food. You don't know how to keep customers. When your mentality gets to this level, then you will be earning my tips.
3	Round Table is alright, I guess.I visited Round Table for the first time on a California road trip in 2002.  I remember it being the PERFECT PIZZA.  I guess my mind was playing tricks on me.  It's far from perfect.  Actually, sometimes the pizza can be downright icky.This was one of the first places I visited when I moved to Vegas because I was soooo excited to be near a Round Table.  Sadly, it never did live up to my heightened expectations.  I have been to Round Table half a dozen times and ordered basically the same thing (Guinevere's Garden)... and each time, the pizza is vastly different.  Sometimes it is cooked perfectly, while other times the crust is almost raw in the middle.  Sometimes the pizza is overwhelmingly greasy, while other times it is light and delicious.  I don't ever really know what to expect.  I really dislike inconsistency, so I will only visit Round Table in a pinch these days.  It's not the most satisfying meal ever, but it gets the job done.2 1/2 stars, but since we can't do halves, I guess I'll go with 3 because the workers are always pretty friendly.
3	When I visited the woman working the cash register was very friendly and made sure I got ranch for my wings and packets of cheese and red pepper.  So the customer service was excellent.  The XL pizza is huge.  My Wombo Combo was piled high with toppings.  It was decent tasting but not outstanding.  The wings were a little bland and a bit dry.  All in all an acceptable meal but nothing outstanding.  I took my food to go but noticed the decor is a little bland.
5	We ordered a med pan maui zaui pizza, 3 garlic bread sticks, 12 buffalo wings, and a drink for 15 with the 15 for 30 groupon- Great deal w friendly service! although the total came out higher than the retail price, he was nice enough to ring us up without having to pay extra! :)- Everything served fresh. Pretty standard at every RT i go to. - maui zaui is my favorite pizza. i love rt. everyone knows their taste and quality. - pretty far from spring valley. -___-. - probably the best rt i've been to. keep it up guys.
4	You always have to take pizza chains at face value and not expect to get authentic New York or Chicago pizza at these places but the doesn't mean that they are not good.  I always come here with my friends at lunch for their pizza buffet.  At 6.99 its more expensive then cici's but you get what you pay for ten times over.  The pizza is covered in high quality toppings and they make a variety of different pizzas all the time to satisfy all different taste buds.  They use a cheese mix on their pizzas that includes provolone and it just adds to the great taste of their pizza.  The garlic knots are great when they are fresh and hot, so if they are old ask for a new order to be placed out there and I've never had a problem with staff accommodating the request.    The salad bar is also included and is not bad for the price, it has all the fixings and dressings that you need to make a good salad but don't fill up!  Another plus is the ability to order pitchers of beer to wash down the meal with.  Enjoy the pizza and bring the family.
5	This was some of the best pizza I've ever had.  We tried the Montagues meat marvel which was really good and a pepperoni pizza which was amazing!Service was fast and friendly. I highly recommend this place!
