5	It took me about a year of living in Charlotte before friends clued me in to this best kept secret.THE BEST BURGER anyone has served me in Charlotte -- right here, unbelievably, among the wine store casks and the Lenox china displays. It's a lot more low key than the crazy food court upstairs. Killer BLTs that you can address at eye level. Great grilled chicken and salads for light days, plus a selection of hard to find treats like Goldenberg's Peanut Chews.
4	I enjoyed my lunch here at Arthur's at Belk in the South Park Mall. I agree with the previous reviewer who referred to this place as a "best kept secret" - it really is, especially of the places to eat in the mall. You may not notice it if you don't know it is there, unless you happen to be shopping for china pieces in Belk. But once you find it, you'd be pleased with the menu - it's casual, and has just about anything you'd want for grabbing a quick lunch. The staff here is very friendly, and the format is pretty self explanatory - order here, pay here, then find a seat and your food will be brought to you. I had the asian sesame chicken wrap, and I was very happy with it. It came out nice and hot, and had great flavor. I think I paid about $6, and it was ready very quickly. This is definitely the place to go if you'd like a quiet lunch in the mall, and it without a doubt beats the chaos of the food court.
5	I grew up in Charlotte and on Arthur's.  When I was a child, it was Arthur's or the Cafeteria's in Southpark that were your food options while shopping.  They were also social beehives, where you ran into anyone and everyone on a Saturday or Sunday.The go-to staples are the burgers, chicken salad grinders (made with turkey breast, btw), and the salads with the buttery homemade croutons and homemade dressings.  The sweet tea is divine, as well.  I was pleased to see on a recent visit, that not much has changed.  The food is still excellent, many of the same workers are behind the line, and you run into folks you know.  A nice addition - they now sell the "perfect" croutons by the bag for $1.99!
4	I  read on their Facebook page that they just celebrated their 37th birthday, cool... happy birthday Arthur's!  Arthur's is a great little wine shop tucked away on the bottom floor of Belk, being southern, I was flabbergasted that you could buy wine at Belk!  There may be a few folks that would rather be kicked in the head than go to the mall, but you can drive behind Belk and park in the garage, right in front of the door and Arthur's has a few 15 minute  parking spots.  So you can just run in and grab something.  Plenty of knowledgable staff if you get stumped on your decision making!They also offer classes, it's well worth getting on their email list, it's something fun to do.  Last night they just had their yearly Champagne tasting.  Much fun.  I do find that they have paid tastings and free tastings.  I prefer to go to the paid tastings, they are more generous with the wine when it is paid.More people know Arthur's has a cafe, there is a reason.  Great soups and sandwiches.  A lot more healthier choices than eating in the food court.
5	A well kept secret! If you are looking for wine treats, you have to check this out. It is like a little wine store located right inside the department store. They do tastings and classes and have a special room for the fine stuff.. I have only just peeked through the glass, but YUM!
5	Wow!  Great wine selection and knowledgable staff to help me pick out a special bottle for a celebration as well as easy drinking value wines.
3	Arthur's is in the process of improving their Wine Shop.  But walk past the renovation and eat at the deli.  Love their grilled pimento cheese sandwiches and grinders.
4	This place is a Charlotte institution... it has been around for a long, long time.  Back in the day, Belk Southpark had 2 dining options.  Arthurs was located  downstairs for the younger, hipper crowds and  the Barclay Cafeteria  upstairs was a favorite of the "blue hairs"  (like my Grandmother).  I always loved the atmosphere and food choices at Arthurs.  I definitely recommend giving them a try instead of heading down to all the chains in the food court. And if you are not looking to eat, but shopping for wine instead, definitely stop in because these guys know their stuff and have a nice selection.
4	Great Turkey Grinder!
5	Amazing cheesesteaks, burgers, friendly people, and their ranch is top notch.  Shout out to the Balsley family for running an amazing Food & Wine business for nearly 40 years!
4	I have been going to Arthur's for years, since I worked at South Park.  The food has always been consistently good.  One of the best grilled cheese around, with bacon and tomato.  I was not disappointed today, with the grilled cheese.  Another good option is the hot turkey grinder.
4	Old school charm, delish sandwiches. Cafeteria style service with custom options and delivery. My fave? Turkey reuben with kraut and thousand island of course, melted Swiss served grilled on rye. Everything is ala carte, so if you want fries or chips or another side, you'll have to order it or grab it yourself.Nice alternative to typical food court offerings without sacrificing quality for price or speed.
4	We're in the Basement!  Basement in Belk!  South Park Mall...  Most of it's HOT!  Skip the Food Court!  Very Good Sandwiches!!!  Best Place to eat inside the Mall for sure! ! ! Grinders!  A Grilled Sandwich is probably their specialty, I have mostly gotten the same one every time I have eaten here!  The first time I ate here was more than 20 years ago and the flavor has stayed consistent!  Trust me, Skip the Food Court and head to the Basement of Belk, turn left as soon as you get off the Escalator or park under the Mall and enter Belk that way!
4	The Arthur's menu offers a wide variety of options, including burgers, sandwiches, wraps, soup, salad, & grinders...plus wine desserts & other treats.A great spot found in Southpark Mall, to avoid the food court and maybe select something a little healthier.
5	It's been a while since I have been here due to moving to Raleigh two years ago.  But my trip to Charlotte this weekend has me jotting down a few must-have pit stops and this is one of them.  Absolute BEST grilled cheese with bacon EVER!!  I know what your thinking, I don't really need the heartattack in a sandwich, but trust me, you will not regret it.  Can't wait for mine this weekend!
5	I finally got the boyfriend to Arthur's!! We wanted to grab something quick and on the cheap in South Park before heading off to a party.  So I suggested Arthur's he wanted to try Sushi guru. However it was raining and we couldn't really find sushi guru (okay so I really didn't want sushi and I was walking in the rain and irritated about it) so he gave in and Arthur's it was.  He is a convert... said why have we never been here before.  I just stared at him in wonderment because I have suggested it many times and he always says no SMH haha!! Anyways Arthur's has been around since before I was born. My mom and grandmother have been taking me here since I was a little kid and honestly it's kind of a comfort food thing. Yes the menu is just a deli grill kind of menu, no there is nothing special about it except it is always made to order and always tastes amazing!!! Oma (my grandmother) does love to get their quiche but I've never tried it. So yes many people will look at this place and think I just don't get it (maybe it's a local thing) but I'm telling you it's good especially when you just want to grab a quick simple lunch.  Plus the fries are always hot and fresh made to order yummy!! FYI the BF is rather picky and can be snobby about restaurants but he loved this place too ;-) just saying!!
2	Although Arthur's offers a good variety of options, the service and execution, and wait time has diminished the last few times I was there. I ordered a six inch turkey hoagie, with chips and a drink, $12.00, ugh! The sandwich was brought with no tomatoes and lettuce and they forgot to add the onions I requested. The bread was stale, and after waiting 20 minutes I was definitely disappointed.
5	My first but certainly not last time here! Don't know why I waited so long! Damn. But NOW I know what all the fuss is about. It IS a very small shop.....but SIZE is NOT everything! Uh hem. This shop has an extremely good selection, with many "boutique" makers available. Craig, their Somm, was very helpful and of course knowledgeable, and they have tastings on the weekend. Me and my buddy Paul (the other bald Paul) tasted about 8 wines. I met a super nice couple and they shared a bottle of Belle Glos with us! All while we watched the Belmont race - No Cali Chrome didn't make it....:-(  So I walked out with ONLY 3 bottles! For those of you who know me, I rarely walk out of a good wine store like this with less than a case. But I've been buying a lot of wine lately and decided to temper my purchase. I did get a 40 year anniversary of Caymus Cab. For some strange reason, this bottle is $12 LESS than their regular bottling......strange, but I'll take it!If you're looking for that hard to find bottle, or just want a fantastic selection, come check out Arthur's!
5	Best cheese steak in town. The fantastic service and great prices make this a must visit.
5	Had a great Cheesesteak with the fries!!! It was excellent!!! The had a line of people waiting when I arrived but the line moved very quickly. My wait was about 10mins. I will definitely go back!!!
4	Arthur's is a pretty good eat. I didn't even know this place existed, but apparently everyone else in Charlotte does, seeing as how busy they were during lunch. This is a sandwich shop, and they do a pretty good job with the sandwiches and fries as well. They are not too shy with the meat or cheese either. The food is quick and tasty and they have a pretty good variety if sandwich and burger choices. They also sell salads as well. The ambience is chill here, and most people come here for lunch in their work clothes, or seem to be retired. This place is cute and quiet. I will definitely be back here.
5	Never had a bad meal here in over a decade. Burgers and grinders are my go-to's. Get a dill pickle half to cap off the meal.  Prices are on the high side but don't eat at south park mall if you're poor. McDonald's is right across the street.
