1	Definitely would not recommend this service for locating apartments.  If they realize they won't make any money off you, they'll drop you like a bad habit.  No returned calls...no email responses other than they'd say they'd get back to you later.  Best suggestion...just rent a house.
5	Finding the right rental property can create a tremendous amount of stress & expense. We are in constant contact with thousands of apartment communities therefore we know what's available, who's offering the best move in specials, and where you will be approved. We will save you the hassle and the time of looking for an apartment on your own, and best of all the whole process takes on average about 30-45 minutes of your time.Please call Valley King Today 480-756-2330
1	Hmmmm this place is very interesting. I was referred by a friend who said that this place can get me a place since she knew I was stressing on my own. After reading the reviews i was confident this place was going 2 get me placed!U walk in n they have u fill out an application / information sheet. It asks what ur reasonable wants are, area you would like to be in & what's the max you can spend. I already knew what I want was going 2b hard 2 find - if after my search on my own wz unsuccessful. Now ny thing is... My budget wz $515-$525, searching 4 a home that wz a min of 5'125'12 square ft, be a plus w/a washer / dryer in the apt but not necessarily & 2b more of the border of Tempe / Mesa line. I personally did not think my expectations were bad or unattainable.  Now apparently this is where a problem came n2 play.Scott looked ova my info n called a few places, got some info, jotted the info on my sheet, asked if I'd be willing 2 consider near the 202 & I said yes. Scott then says that he only has a few places in Mesa that fit in my budget. He then tells me "Are you sure u cant pay more a month?" I kinda of laughed & told him verbally $515-$525. His response was "If you can push ur amount to a lil more like $560-70 I can get you something better." Granted I know they are there 2 help us but really? ????? So my answer was "If I could afford that amount then I wouldn't need his assistance now would I?" Needless 2 say I was upset!!!! The following Friday I called Scott 2 see if he was able to find me something. Scott said he found 2 places but I was going 2 have 2 spend $560-70 w/all utilities included. Scott was not comprehending what my budget was n that the electric bill fluctuates depending on the months, completely overlooking what I told him what my budget is and trying to get me 2 live in the opposite side of town!!! We got n2a a yelling match basically me telling him what part of my budget does he not understand n that was the of that location. Stress upon stress is not needed is all I can say about my experience. .1 star is just 2b able 2 put my input on this place. Only suggestion I can say is if you want 2 live in a certain area - go to the VALLEY KING in that area. I did n im in Tempe now
1	I have been trying to find a place on my own which I have not have success. I went into the office cause my lease is up and I want to be in a place at least by the 25th of this month. My friend recommended this place i they are all over craigslist as well. I went in there filled out there 1 page application. I was with the agent all of 15 mins I paid the $10.00 which I already knew what was on their. She pulled out 4 binders Tempe....Phx.... Mesa and nothing. I completed a 2 year lease current and 1 full year prior so thats 3 years solid rental history also I work  i make 17.20 an hour and i recieve child support. I also have a $800.00 money order ready to go. All she gave me was 2 apts..which neither was what I needed .. lost clueless and so pissed I drove alllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll the way to Tempe from the West side for absolutely nothing. I came here over 5 years ago and nothing and after my super short 15 min meeting nothing again.... Negative on referring and undone about the lies they say WE PLACE EVERYONE IN A place to live ....Still hunting on my own !!
5	We were actually referred to Valley King by an apartment place that we had gone to that we were not quite a great fit at, and told to ask for Scott.  We were in the office for about a half hour filling out forms, etc., before he sent us out to look at three places.  We never made it past the first place he sent us...it was a perfect fit.The biggest thing that helped them help us was that we were entirely upfront about ALL of the issues we were facing.  Scott was friendly and personable and found a quick location for us.  We appreciated his services and will be using him again.
