4	What can I say? It's the closest gas station to my house, hence I am a big fan. The only thing that sucks about this place is the access. You either have to take the back way in or enter off of St. Rose. Personally, they have some of the nicest gas station staff I have ever encountered. (During the handful of times I had to go inside to buy something)
3	This station seemed to be very clean and well organized inside.  The employees seemed to work quickly and they were polite.  They did NOT allow me to fill my tank and buy snacks inside on the same purchase.  So that sucked but it was not unexpected.  If they had just let me fill my tank I would easily have given a 5 star; it was a nice place.The prices were great,  I think this has more to do with the price of gas in Nevada rather than this particular place but it was still nice.
3	Friendly staff, all the junk food that I need is in stock, free air machine that uses tokens you just have to get it from the person at the counter, squeegees that actually wash the windows and they have actual soap mixed in with the water in the bucket, their carwash is tough free which I like so it won't scratch my 530i....all in all this place is ok.
4	Uhh..what can I say..its Chevron.  I've been going here for over 6years since its one of the closest Chevron's to my house.  Best thing about this Chevron is that they have touch less car wash. I wash my car at least once a week!
5	Clean, friendly staff, best gas station subs (10x better than subway) in town
4	Excellent micro brew selection. Large, well stocked location.I am staying at the Spring Hills across the street and this place has practically everything you need.
4	The staff treats people like guests and not obstructions in the way of standing around.  Everybody there is courteous and ready to help, the store is stocked well and the cooler is at the right temp for all your drinking needs.  There's a pretty good cold cut sammich area inside and I have yet to be disappointed by it.  The car wash is pretty decent and there's even an employee at the end to dry off all the areas the blowers missed.  When ever I need a chaco taco or perhaps a cold beer this is my close shop to stop at.
5	Pretty good service.  Ok gas prices. The store is clean and well stocked.
1	The singularly worst designed gas station in the history of gas stations . Avoid at all costs. You've been warned. A complete traffic Jam for EVUH! Totally disorganized!
4	Very clean, well-lit store right next to the Veritas apartments.  I stopped by here after visiting a friend at said apartments, and had an overall pleasant experience.The cashier didn't say much, nor may eye contact which I thought was weird, but it's a gas station at it was almost midnight on a Thursday.  Who knows.Looks to have a wide selection of things here and, as many things in Vegas are, is open 24 hours.
1	Save your valued time and money and avoid this store at night between 10pm to 12am!!!! First off who does a "shift change" with customers in the lobby? Feels like it was purposely done because they were ringing someone up when I walked in and I went to grab a coke and BOOM I walk up to the counter and they don't say one word to me!! They just ignore me as they count the drawer!!! I meant c'mon!!!!! You could have waited until all the customers left the store and now everyone has to wait 10 to 15 minutes!!!!! This should not happen!!! Bad customer service!!! This isn't the first time and it's always the same lady with bright dark red hair. I will NEVER come back and I've been stopping here for a couple years. I would rather go out of my way and go to a different gas station than waste my precious time on lazy employees who treat customers with disrespect.
5	I honestly never thought it was possible for a gas station to get 5/5 stars. I really didn't, but this place is great. The staff here is super friendly...every time you walk in you're greeted with a "hello" or some other salutation. In addition to everyone just being nice, the store is oddly clean, INCLUDING THE BATHROOM! I have never been into a cleaner gas station bathroom...EVER! I always stop into this gas station on my way home from Henderson to Los Angeles, and I will continue to do so.If you are driving down St. Rose and need to fill up, grab a drink, or just "walk the dog", this is definitely the place to stop!
1	Madeline does not know the difference in gas levels. She charged my card for the wrong gas level, which resulted in me having to cancel my entire transaction and start all over. Making a mistake is understandable-- being condescending and unapologetic about your mistake is NOT. Madeline should find a new job-- customer service is not her calling.
