4	Today I decided to break down and buy myself a very good pair of running shoes for my upcoming half marathons this fall.  A few friends had suggested Run for Your Life because of the personal touch they provide and honestly they were right!  I was greeted as I walked through the door and the associate was extremely friendly and really knew his stuff.  He made me run through the store to gauge how I ran and what type of shoe would best fit my style and posture.  I tried on about 6 pairs of shoes and got to try them out in the parking lot before I settled on a pair.  Overall, it was a great experience for my first time buying a nice pair of running shoes, I'd definitely go back.
5	I come to this store pretty often to sign up for races and frequently ask the staff about all aspects of running/racing.  The staff is very knowledgeable and very friendly - It has gotten to the point where they know me and some of my co-workers I drag in with me by a first name basis.Have not had the pleasure of buying shoes from this store yet, but I am training for an upcoming half marathon and I was in there the other day looking at energy gels.   Not having used them at all before, I was a little scared, but the store associate put me at ease since she has experienced the gels/snacks first hand and gave me good advice for trying some out.
4	I have been running for the last couple of years and have been clueless on the type of running shoe I needed for my style of running, I would just buy whatever was cheap or cute and kept it moving.  I've had a few aches and pains since then and was referred to this place for an analysis.  The staff here is very knowledgeable and skilled and I was a fan right away.  The young lady observed my walking and running style and had me running up and down the side walk in several types of shoes until I found the perfect shoe that had support for my ankles, was comfortable and had width and space across the top of my foot and oh was a full size larger than my regular shoe size.....boy was I clueless.  Needless to say, this is your go to spot for your running needs but do understand that it will come with a pretty price.............
1	Was treated with total disrespect by a female employee when I asked if they had another color of a shoe in stock. She told me color doesn't matter but the shoe does. I know that (duh) but I still want my shoes to look good on me. Don't treat me like a second rate citizen because I care about the color.  This particular person was very snooty. I will not support a place that treats their customers like dirt.
5	I'm trying to be a more diligent runner, but my left foot has been giving me issues.  Is it my shoes, the socks, the way I run?  Thankfully Beth at Run For Your Life is there to help!She listened patiently while I told her my issue, she watched me walk, did a running test on the treadmill, analyzed it with me, discussed possible other shoe offerings, advised me on socks, & "Body Glide". I was very pleased with the level of attention I received.They also have a rewards program...spend $250 in the store (accumulating) & you'll receive a discount on your next purchase.The offerings! They have shoes, socks, supplements, tops, & bottoms.  While they are a locally owned store (with other locations in the Charlotte area), I feel they keep their prices very reasonable.They have running & training groups.  They also sponsor & co-sponsor races around the area.
5	Dropped by there on the no-tax time Friday a few weeks ago, and couldn't have been happier with the choices and especially the staff.  They took all the time I needed to make a great shoe choice.
5	Came to find good shoes because I knew a place like this would have them. I was not expecting someone to look at my gait and help me pick the right shoes for me. We'll done on service and knowledge. If this place doesn't deserve 5 stars, I don't know what would.
5	I have been a customer here for several years. The staff is always helpful and knowledgeable. I was fitted for a pair of running shoes and they are perfect for me. I go out of my way to stop by this store to buy running accessories (socks, nuun, etc.) because they are so great.As a side note, I really wish they were open on Sunday.
2	I went to run for your life as recommend by my doctor for a pair of running shoes. The sales associate was very nice and he help me find the shoe for my needs, but needed to order my width. He told me it would be a week unless they were on back order and he would let me know. Called the store after a week and was told they were not in, never ask my name. I went to Omega Sports was treated very kindly and fitted in my size and width after almost a week and half waiting on the ones to come in from Run for your like. Got a call from Run For Your life that the shoes were in never apoligzed went I told them I got tired of waiting and went some other place. Don't need this kind of treatment.
