5	Awesome place to focus on you and get in shape
5	Your the best place to work out at
5	I have been going here since this location opened. They have new equipment and I never have to wait for a treadmill or elliptical machine since they have so many.  Also you can't beat $10 a month with no contract.
4	$10 per month....no contract!!! Also, the TVs built into the cardio equipment makes "treadmill time" a little more bearable. Not lovin' the purple and neon green scheme they got hapnin, but its worth putting up with to have to get locked into one of those deceptive, heavy handed contracts that fuggup yer credit and haunt your existence.
5	Great, friendly place. Very clean and modern equipment. Mark is an excellent trainer as all of them are I'm sure. Also at $10 a month how can you go wrong?
5	great workout place! It is clean, doesn't smell like a gym, the staff is way friendly - and all the people there are welcoming and fun. Modern equipment, lots of machines and a supportive vibe. I live in Los Angeles and have great gyms to compare it with....super cool.
1	BEWARE, this ISN'T a no contract membership.  I found that out the hard way when I tried to cancel and they showed me a $25 cancellation charge they NEVER told me about when I signed up.  I tried to have them waive it since I was never informed but these guys defend it like its their Constitution and almost immediately threatened me with legal action and credit dings if I refused to pay.  So much for customer service!  I actually found the facilities to be pretty good and was interested in renewing my membership when I returned to that area.  NEVER AGAIN!  Oh, and if you do move away, they require a signed certified letter saying you want to cancel too.  What a thinly disguised attempt to extort you for as much money as possible!  Hate to think what hoops you need to jump through if you die.  And you have to cancel with 30 days notice or they charge you another month.These practices are reprehensible.  And there is no corporate number to call and complain.  I wouldn't sign up with them.
