5	Beautiful place, great classes and instructors. Highly recommended!
5	The positive energy is one of the things I like the most.  The studio and staff are awesome and very encouraging.
5	Really calm and clean facility, and the owners are super awesome! I taught with one of the owners previously, and I know based off experience they will only have amazing instructors. Alfredo is a fantastic instructor! Also, I am so excited to have cardio tramp available in this city. Great booty and leg workout!
5	I've been to 2 classes so far and even though I'm overweight and dragging behind the class, I love it. Eleve will make me thin and I will enjoy every minute of it. I'm able to come here because of the flexible schedule that they have. Their classes go up to 8 at night and that works with my schedule.Trainers are fantastic. Alfredo is wonderful. Very clean and comfortable.I highly recommend coming here!!!
5	Very clean and professional place. Great instructors with a wide variety of classes.  Staff is polite, friendly and very welcoming to everyone. (Sound system is better than most studios I've been to.) Much worth the price, although it is still not as expensive as most studios.
5	With so many new yoga/fitness studios that's opening up in town, it's really tough to choose the right one that will fit your needs. One that really stands out with Eleve is the trampoline class aka "Tramp Class". This is an awesome high-intensity workout especially for people with bad knees. It works all types of muscles without putting stress on your knees.Variety of classes is also a big plus. Eleve offers yoga, flexibility exercises, and other type of workouts if you want to change up your routine. But these classes wouldn't be great without the motivation of the instructors. You are guaranteed a great workout in a fun, no-pressure environment!
5	I just took my first class, Eleve Tramp, and I love it.  It was my first time being on a mini trampoline or any trampoline for that matter.  What a great workout!  60 minutes but the time flew by.  The studio is clean and modern looking.  Alfredo is a great instructor, great at cuing and explaining moves.   I was familiar with his teaching style from previous Pilates classes so happy to see he opened his own facility.  I had bought the deal from one of the daily sites months ago but just activated it and wish I had done it sooner.  Besides trampoline classes they offer pilates type classes and yoga and dance.  I look forward to making Tramp class part of my regular routine.
5	I bought the Groupon about a month ago and decided to take the plunge about 2 weeks ago. I was lucky enough to get a private session since there was no one else in the Monday 8 pm flexibility class this past week. My experience has been the BEST hands down and I'm loving Meghann as an instructor. :)
5	In my recent quest to regain my pre yelp body I stumbled upon this place through a friend.  The studio is a small locally owned and run studio/gym.  They have two rooms and many classes and types of classes to choose from.My quest is to regain and put my curves back where they are supposed to be while becoming more fit and tone in the process.  So far my favorite class is Elev'e Tramp it is a fun high intensity interval work out that if you work really hard you can burn up to 600 to 900 calories!  The reason I am loving this class is my poor joints from many years of standing and injuries can handle this.  I feel the burn but can adjust my workout by using the tramp to help me work out and not injure myself.  I am also a beginner and out of shape, I was made to feel comfortable and not awkward about not knowing what I'm doing!  The staff is super nice, the facility super clean and the workout left me feeling rough but I wanted to come back and do it again!
4	This place is great. Classes are fun and effective, teachers are very welcoming and considerate, the owner is very conscious of how things are run. The only reason i didnt give it 5 stars is because its still small and limited in schedule. But i hope it grows just enough to accommodate and doesnt lose whats great about it.
5	I came across this studio because of it's amazing Groupon.  I have used Groupon to find new places to work out with a price tag that doesn't make me cry. This studio is by far my favorite discovery. They immediately stood out from other places with their friendly staff.  They are happy, up beat people, who I look forward to seeing several times a week.  They make it a point to learn names, talk to patrons, and make it a safe friendly environment.  This was also the first place an instructor asked us to introduce ourselves to each other. It really had an effect on the feeling to the class. When I'm sweating next to a stranger, it made it nicer to know her name and share an "oh my god this is hard" smile. I like the diverse cliental. All ages and sizes.  This is a place I go to to be healthy and enjoy my workout. I can go in frumpy clothes. I like a place that is frumpy work out clothes friendly. My motto is: I don't make exercise look good. Exercise make me look good.  The classes are great. All of them. They offer classes as every fitness level and always offer modifications for beginners and advanced students.  My favorite is the dance class. The instructor helped me discover some booty shakin' abilities I didn't know I had. Eleve makes working out fun. Great classes, great music, and great staff. The added bonus is the inches I've lost! Eleve gets the job done!
3	Still love the place and ppl, but classes were so limited that i didnt even get to use almost half my groupon. Also, classes are all levels so it can be hard to keep up with for beginners. I took a few yoga classes that felt geared towards instructor level yogis...and ive been doing yoga for a few years. I mean, headstands with splits kinda stuff. SMH. :(
5	I started here due to a groupon and was so pleased. I just bought another set of classes. Great classes, whole body workouts with many types of classes. Staff never fails to make you feel welcome.Price point is reasonable. I travel a lot and am always looking for training facilities to use away from home, this is a great place to go if you want to  stay in shape while away from home. I live in Vegas and love to have Eleve to help me with my fitness goals.
5	I LOVE this studio! I've only been here twice, but it is fantastic! Yesterday, I took eleve tone and today I did the flexibility class. Two completely different things, but both are amazing. The tone class will get you toned if you keep coming back. I consider myself a decently fit person, but man was I sweating like crazy during tone. You use the mini trampolines for bursts of cardio, bands for arms, and mini bands for legs and hips. It is definitely a full body workout and will tone every little inch of you and work muscles you didn't know existed. The Tuesday @ 6:45 class fills up quickly, so make sure to download the app and sign in ahead of time (the day before), or you won't be able to get in. Today, I came back for a flexibility class because I didn't want to injure myself after such a good workout yesterday. The people at the front already knew my name and were so sweet. The flexibility class is so relaxing. It's stretching and stretching, which felt great for my slightly sore muscles. It was a very small class and had calming music and left me feeling energized and at peace. Make sure to bring a yoga mat to both of these classes as you'll be on your elbows and laying down at times. Some of the reasons I love this studio: Great workouts for every level. 8PM classes for all the mommies out there that hate leaving in the middle of the day. Now, I can put the kids to bed and then come. Very friendly instructors and front desk. App allows you to sign in ahead of time so you won't be turned away for a class on site. First class is free, so that you will fall in love just like me.
5	I love this studio and the entire staff! The classes are great for men and women and guarantee a great workout for everyone.The classes are intense but good for people of all athletic abilities. The gym feels like a small community. Love it!
5	All you have to do is walk in once and you will be hooked. The staff, facility and classes are all top notch. You will be hard pressed to find a studio that feels like you are apart of their family. Alfredo, Erik and the rest of the team approach fitness in a different way, I wish I could explain but it is something you have to experience. You feel refreshed (even after a hard workout) and energized. Take their Tramp, Core or Dance class, you won't be disappointed. No one judges you, no one looks at you weird if you need a break. Everything is at your pace :)
5	LOVE the trampoline classes!! I look forward to the workouts every time and I leave feeling that I got a great workout every time. The staffs energy is very positive and encouraging. With this studio their maybe hope for me getting in shape after all
5	Becoming a member at Eleve was one of the best decisions I have ever made. The classes are fun yet we get down to business.  Alfredo is an amazing instructor and an overall good person. In fact, the members are personable and welcoming too. I can talk for hours but your best bet is to try a couple classes. If you appreciate fun, different workouts,  then you will be hooked. My favorite classes are Tone, Tramp, Core. Check 'em out!
5	I always leave this place feeling good. I've taken different classes so far and I like them all. The instructors give you a challenge but they always make you feel comfortable to go at your own pace. They really know how to make their clients feel welcome. I love the variation of classes offered. There are a couple of classes I'd love to try but I've got a scheduling conflict and can never make it. So glad I purchased a groupon for this place. I don't think I want to go to any other gym.
5	EVERYONE at Eleve is awesome. They encourage, praise, and inspire you. The classes are fun and their class times work so well with my work schedule.
5	You must try this Studio you will love it! I have been there for 3 months and I highly recommend it, the place and staff are amazing..Very energetic vibe  and  intense workout,  love all the classes.
5	If I owned a fitness studio, it would be exactly like Eleve. Too many amazing things to point out, so I'll just go over the highlights:The workouts are intense but you will not be barked at by a hormone imbalanced trainer... and if you ever done a few group classes, you know what I mean.The workouts themselves are FUN... and I can't believe I just used those two words in a sentence. My only problem is that sometimes I lose my momentum because I'm laughing.  I even... on my own... did two workouts in one day. The experience of getting in tune with your body is complete with at this studio. From warm up to meditation, you come full circle. Because this is a small and relatively new venture, you have two trainers who are adamant and passionate about what they are doing. Working out and fitness used to be an obligatory task... I love to eat, and I have a very active life, so it's always been on the have-to short list of daily tasks for me. I've never dreaded it, but rather was bored by it. I look forward to going to Eleve, and am bummed out when I can't make my class. You should know that this studio is more expensive that a conventional gym... but if you aren't using your gym membership anyways, you essentially throwing away money every month. Far better to invest in a gym that you'll actually go to. I recommend starting with either Tramp or Eleve Mix. You'll be hooked. Lastly, pay attention to some of the quips that fly out of their mouth mid-workout. use the hashtag #sh*tmytrainersays (remove the star). I'm tellin' ya, every workout is high-quality entertainment. I started the hashtag as a way to document for my friends the narrative of my daily burn.#sh*tmytrainersays Eric: I haven't had a Red Bull in so long! Yay for Red Bull! OK, lets get started!#sh*tmytrainersays Alfredo: Get low, ladies, get low! See all those people in the drive thru? What if they are looking through the window right now thinking about their life choices?! Get low!
5	I'm usually a yelp lurker and don't write reviews but this place made me feel compelled to write one. My girlfriend bought be a Groupon and made me come with her to a trampoline class promising there would be other guys there. Dreading it because she always drags me along with her to random workout classes for women I put it off, she persisted she saw guys in class so I went. I arrived, and took my first class. It was tough for me but nobody made me feel weird when I needed a break or couldn't catch on. Btw, I was the only guy in class other than the instructor but no one made me feel out of place and apparently guys do go to this studio there just weren't any there that day.  Fast forward to F.I.T. class- this is hands down the hardest class I've taken but in a good way. I'm a big guy so it made me really work hard and try to reach beyond my abilities, I was sweating. Don't be intimidated if your fitness abilities suck. They tell you at the beginning to walk it out or take a drink of water if you need a break, it made me not feel awkward when I couldn't do something. I don't even think anyone noticed I was have a hard time because everyone seemed so into their workouts. Also, the instructors don't nag you and kind of let you do your thing at your pace which is cool. Alfredo and Erick actually know what they are talking about and they do the class with you which makes you want to keep up and they're funny in class.   Anyway, if I like this place and actually took the time to write a review you probably will too. I'll be having my girlfriend sign me up.
5	I have been attending classes here for two months and I absolutely love this place! I recommend this to any of my friends willing to listen and I will drag them to a class if I can.The instructors are personable, encouraging, and hilarious. If i don't show up for a few days they show concern when I finally come in. During a trampoline class, Alfredo reminded us to make sure to eat breakfast, because the morning class burns so much. His next comment was "I hear Taco bell has breakfast." Really?! We all burst into laughter while trying to finish out a rep of crunches. Each instructor is amazing and tweak the class to their own style. I recommend all of them! Simple synopsis of some of the instructors-Alfredo- Keeps the class moving! Be ready for some serious cardioEric- Likes to work out each part of the body completely, then move on. It can be tough but he is very attentive to his attendees and what they need.Wendy- Has some great throw back jams during class and enjoys having a fun song to just let loose.Araxie- Teaches yoga in motion, so no holding poses for long and makes you sweat so hard, you have the potential to slip off the mat.Cora- She is a little ball of fire. Pushes you because she knows you can do more and you leave feeling pumped.Other attendees are helpful and friendly. While the first few classes may be intimidating, I have left each day feeling better. (Don't forget to bring your own mat to some of the classes)
5	I Love this place. The staff is amazing and energetic. The classes give you a great workout.
5	I've only been to one class here, but I'm hooked. I am recovery from an injury and joined up to try and do some supplementary strengthening whilst doing physical therapy. Alfredo, the owner, really made me feel special and took the time to help me chose the classes that would be correct for me. The facilities are super nice and clean, which makes a huge difference for me. The class instructors are so nice, and not at all pushy in the competitive Crossfit way. If there is something in the class you can't quite do yet, they will give you modifications, so you aren't missing out on work out opportunities. Like another user said, the approach to fitness here is really refreshing. It's fun. It doesn't feel like a workout! No one is there to judge you or yell at you if you mess up. I was ALL OVER THE PLACE during my first class here, and I just laughed it off with everyone else. They have a great audio system, and the music they pick is really inspiring. I thought it was fun at the end when our instructor turned the disco ball on. What a great idea!I can't wait to come back. I can honestly say that I haven't encountered a friendlier staff. Thank you guys for giving me a non-judgmental place to work out with you!
5	Awesome training studio.. Eric and Alfredo are energetic, and have awesome routines.. I've been coming here for only about 2 1/2 weeks and I have had excellent results even in this short amt of time!
5	I recently passed my one year anniversary working out here and I immediately prepaid for another year! I knew I wanted to join after my first class. Everyone was so nice and the class was so fun that it actually broke my fear of going to gyms/fitness studios (other than Curves, which I also go to), thinking that they were all full of stuck up gym rats. The owners & staff are fantastic! I feel like we've become friends. While all the instructors are really good, Alfredo's classes (one of the owners) are SUPER fun! He makes it entertaining & could easily be the next fitness personality w/his own show or infomercial. The members are friendly as well. The studio is very comfortable and non-pressure. The instructors gives correction & encouragement, however, they don't put you on the spot. I need a lot of variety to keep motivated and this place has it! While the trampoline classes are a staple and set this studio apart from any others, there are several other types of classes. I started off doing a lot of yoga but now I do more of the FIT (high intensity interval training), Tone and Pump (similar to Body Pump) classes in addition to the trampoline classes. I've taken several friends of various fitness levels (including my brother who's a Crossfit junkie) to classes and everyone is out of breath and sore the next day! Like anything, you get out of it what you put into it and, here, no one judges you if you're just starting out. You can always go at your own pace. It's also one of very few studios that offers a lunchtime class at 1pm, which is perfect for me! And the great thing is it's a different class most days of the week. I also love that they are open on Sunday and usually have an evening class on Saturday. I travel a lot so I try to get workouts in whenever I can and Eleve has a lot to offer!
5	This place is great! Alfredo is an amazing instructor and the studio is clean, welcoming, and feels private. The trampoline classes are what make Eleve stand out from the other boutique fitness studios in town. The fun music they play makes you have energy you didn't even know you had. The trampoline is a perfect way for someone who has bad joints to get in their cardio. You will never leave a class without also dong strength training, stretching, and a positive affirmation closing meditation. They have a free smartphone app where you can view, book or cancel classes at anytime! The only thing keeping me from working out there anymore is child-care! Once my kiddo starts going to school I'm going to look into joining again. I miss my classes there!
5	Really liked being greeted by the young guy who was very perky and friendly! They made it easy to use my groupon there and went over my options if I wanted to join but weren't pushy about it. Class was taught by a woman who was short and petite but very energetic and motivating. I loved the experience, great workout with the trampolines, and they mixed it up with a ball and other workout stuff. I had a full body workout and love the decor and small, private space they have for the classes. Only downfall is that the trainer did go kinda quickly thru the workout I kept getting behind but it's probably my fault for choosing such an upbeat workout for my first day back exercising but I feel good and sore so I won't ding them down to 4 stars since the overall experience was awesome
3	I bought a group on to try Eleve a few months ago and at first really liked it - everyone is super nice, the classes are small and almost feel private, and the tramp workouts were super fun, unlike anything I had done before. But I ultimately decided to look elsewhere because after a few classes, the tramp classes became too much on my bad knee (even though they pitch the class as "low impact" and there wasn't enough of a variety for me. I did try their yoga classes and was super disappointed. The yoga teacher seemed more into talking than doing yoga and in my opinion, didn't really know what she was doing. She often had us transition in and out of poses in a way that are not the best for your joints.All in all, great if you're looking for tramp classes. Otherwise, meh.
