3	I randomly stumbled upon Yume Sushi's grand opening tonight on my way back out to the parking lot from Uncorked Wine Bar (Yume is in the old Fat Burger location in the Scottsdale Promenade).  I opened the door and received the warmest welcome that I think I have ever received in any bar or restaurant!  Every chef/server/staff in the restaurant turned around to great me -- very fun, and I hope they keep the energy up beyond their first night.Yume has pretty standard sushi fare, but the happy hour specials might set them apart -- huge sashimi pieces for around $1.50 and rolls for $3-$4.  They don't have alcohol yet, but said they are hoping to get their license in January.  I hope they do since I think it will set them up for longer-term success.I ordered a takeout tuna roll and some salmon/tuna sashimi (or I thought), and enjoyed the complimentary edamame during my wait.  The "sashimi" came out with rice, which is fine but I thought that was nigiri?  I was in a hurry so may have ordered incorrectly, I'll double check next time (may have been user error).  The sashimi/nigiri was far above average, really excellent flavor and exceeded my expectations -- perhaps some of the best salmon I have had, and the albacore was also very flavorful.  The roll was okay...I'll give it the benefit of the doubt and allow for the takeout-delay-factor.Overall I would definitely go back to this place if I was looking for a more lowkey sushi spot than the nearby Ra, Sushi Brokers or Sapporo...but with Stingray opening at Scottsdale Quarters soon, Yume will need to work hard to stake out its claim in a very sushi-crowded North Scottsdale neighborhood!
5	My husband and I just discovered this amazing place, we stopped by for happy and hour, what a great price and awesome selection. While we're waiting for our order we got complimentary edamame and (what a great treat on a rainy day!) cup of hot miso soup, also complimentary. I've ordered squid salad and I'm telling you its a best squid salad I've ever had, bits my favorite Sting Ray's octopus salad by far! Then we got our sushi, absolutely wonderful, tasted very fresh. I highly recommend every sushi lover to check this place out, this is not your typical busy, loud sushi restaurant, place is small, very quiet and laid back, you can actually enjoy your meal there.
5	I am for one, very very glad,there is finally a Korean place in scottsdale.  YES, you heard me, a Korean place, not a Japanese Place.  Lunch specials are pretty legit.  Bento boxes starting at 6.95.  Comes with salad and soup, good portions of the main item, rice, four california rolls, deep fried korean dumplings (mandoo), and tempura vegetables.The sushi reminds me of the Korean loose rice sushi back from the Bay Area, its nice to have a taste of the Bay Area in Scottsdale from the Korean owners here.I mean, don't get me wrong, Koreans and Chinese have good Sushi places too, but they arn't Japanese.  So know your differences in Sushi before you comment on things like Yume is not as good as places near by like like RA or Sushi Brokers, it makes you uneducated.  if anything people need to know, RA and Sushi Brokers and Sapporo on the lowest end of Japanese places...  and if you wanted authentic sushi, you would only know that Toyama is the best in Scottsdale, hands down... other great places like Hiro and Sushi Ko are Japanese Sushi bars; owned and ran by Japanese folks.five stars to the first Korean place in Scottsdale, Kalbi, Bulgogi, and Bi bim bop for lunch.five stars to the krew that works there, the ladies that serve you are super nice and keeps an eye out for our needs, tea cups were always full.five stars to the food, it is exactly what is supposed to be a Korean sushi place; with variety of good cooked Korean items on the menu.five stars for a completey crazy affordable price.  For a real cooked and sit down meal, at 6.95 bento box, not even the cheapest of the cheap fast food makes any sense anymore if you are eatingon the budget.highly recommended.Kamsahamnida!!
5	Found this gem of a restaurant on restaurant.com and read the few yelp reviews before we decided to check it out. We were more then pleasantly surprised. They greeted us with complimentary miso soup and salad which was a nice first impression. They have a great variety of sushi rolls as well as Korean menu. We decided on two rolls and two entrees and we loved it all. The sushi is probably some of the best fish I've had in the valley. I haven't had fish that melts in your mouth since San Fran to be honest. Definitely check this place soon!!
5	Yume is yummy! You have got to love a place that before you even order, they bring you free miso soup and salad! The Happy Hour menu is two pages long and priced just right. We ordered all kinds of rolls, squid salad, tempura, Tofu Gooey (golden pan fried tofu with sweet miso sauce), and a couple of very interesting and tasty appetizers that I have never seen before -- Monkey Brains (Deep Fried Mushroom stuffed with Spicy Tuna) and Tuna Ball (Spicy Tuna served with Tortilla Chips). A friend ordered the Chicken Noodle Soup -- I was envious -- a huge bowl of soup laden with oodles of noodles, vegetables and chicken. I should have asked for a taste, knowing that he had ordered it before and loved it. Everything was fresh and flavorful. Our server was lovely . . . very personable and sweet. She let us order at our own pace, and made sure that everything didn't come out of the kitchen at the same time. The restaurant is small but welcoming and comfortable. I love the "grease pen" concept. You can use it to mark your choices on the menu . . . and then the menus can be wiped off and reused. Can't wait to go back and try some of the Korean offerings, like the seafood pancake and bi bim bop.  I'll definitely be a regular here!!!
5	Staff is GREAT and helpful.  Food is fast and fresh and the price is very reasonable.  This is our new Sunday Afternoon Haunt.
4	Well, I've been wanting to try this place for quite awhile, since I work nearby. Finally I stopped in for lunch yesterday. I have never had Korean food before, but decided to try something totally new to me. Unfortunately, I wasnt a fan. Not because it was done wrong or anything, it just wasnt my taste. I had the Bi Bim Bab and didnt know the egg would have a runny yolk (one of my most despised things in the universe!!!) My co-worker ordered the chicken terryaki bento box and I was totally jealous. The chicken was really good, and it came with salad, soup, california rolls and potstickers for only $6.95!  I'm totally getting that next time. Even though I didnt love my entree, I did like the place and the staff and will definitely be back for sushi and other menu offerings. Its fast, friendly, cheap and clean, and in a great location too!
3	Yume is a nice little place for sushi and a few korean dishes.  Plenty of seating with a diner-like atmostphere.  The service was friendly and efficient.  Based on 1 dish alone I would start at a 3-star rating with definite potential to go higher to a 4.  I oNly had the chance to try the bi bim bop (rice bowl filled with veggies and a fried egg) this visit and thought they could do a few things to improve including:  using bulgogi meat instead of the ground beef, offering it 'dolsot-style' (aka in a hot clay pot) so that the bottom rice gets toasted, adding more variety of vegetables, and leaving the gojuchang ) hot pepper sauce on the side to add.  Also, the menu had a variety  of good things including the lunch bento box and sushi happy hour.
5	Still yummy!  First of all, I have to rave once again about the free miso soup and salad that comes before you even begin to order.  I am addicted to the salad dressing.  They should bottle it and sell it!!!We were craving the Monkey Brains ever since our last meal here (an incredible melding of flavors and textures that melt in your mouth) and wanted to try at least one of the Korean dishes.  We ordered the Summer Crunch Roll (Fried Shrimp, Spicy Crab & Cucumber with Crunch outside), and it was fresh and quite tasty.  The owner came by to see how we were doing (he remembered us from a couple of weeks ago, even remembered that we were with another couple trying oodles of appetizers) . . . That is impressive!  We talked a bit about the Korean options on the menu and he recommended the Beef Bulgogi (Grilled Prime Cut of Beef, marinated House Sweet Soy Sauce).  He promised we wouldn't be disappointed . . . and we weren't.  Out come a long, large rectangular plate with mounds of the most moist, flavorful and tender beef, with a heaping  portion of white rice, and two delicious Mondu (potstickers).  We were in a lovely food coma after having polished off the entire plate!  Next time, Pork Katsu!Early on a Friday evening, they had a steady stream of customers which is very promising for a restaurant just starting. And it looks like as the warmer weather draws near, they will have some patio seating as well. Yippee!!
5	delicious food. the shrimp udon is to die for! also free miso soup and salad. great customer service and delicious sushi. this is my new favorite sushi place! :)
4	Made it back in for sushi over the weekend and it was good! The only thing I didn't like was the "crab mix". It comes in a lot of the rolls and I just wasn't partial to it. I did really like the spicy tuna and the spicy crunch rolls. The summer Vegas was good too, but minus the crab on top. We missed happy hour pricing, but it was still a gret value at regular price! We left full and happy!
5	I heart beef bulgogi bento boxes! :)
4	Was suppose to meet my girlfriends for happy hour~ couldn't find the place and came here instead.Delightful surprise.  Comp salad and miso soup.  Nice on a rare cloudy and rainy day in Phoenx.Had the delectable sashimi salad.  Portion just right with plenty of sashimi (around 12 pieces) for $9.95.  Thought it would have been nicer if the salad portion was with variety of lettuce instead of just iceberg.  And would be nice if it had more flavour.Warm, friendly staff~ def would come back to try the other items on the menu!
5	I found this little restaurant through a voucher on dealchicken.com. I've lived minutes away from this place for 4 years and never knew about it. The food was just fabulous! We went for an early dinner and the place was very quiet when we arrived (which was fine with us) and the service was really top notch. Forget about all those overly trendy Scottsdale sushi places, this place is the real thing!
3	Just ok.  Fish, prices and atmosphere was mediocre at best.  No alcohol at sushi joint is bizarre.
5	I'm a big fan. They are super nice there an definitely make you feel welcome!  I got the chicken fried rice and I will tell you, it was the best I've ever had hands down. So good and fresh. If I wasn't so full I would have gotten more. Their edamame was super big and fresh as well and I wasn't sure I could finish it. Of course I did. The whole office loved their food and we will definitely be ordering there again
2	Meh. 2 stars both for food and atmosphere. Not impressed-- sushi did not taste fresh and everything was just ok. Don't waste your money ('cause it's not cheap, either). Will most likely not be back.
3	Meh. I shouldn't start by saying I was disappointed to not partake in a bit of sake with my dinner, but there you have it. Good news is they are applying for a liquor license. Bad news, I'm not sure I'll return. Overall, the feel of Yume is utilitarian. The booths are fine but the tables are cafeteria-like and the retro chairs don't look all that comfy. The noisy soda fountain in the middle of the restaurant is sort of annoying and continued to bring back memories of eating on campus in college. I will however say I have an appreciation for sushi joints that treat you with not just miso soup, but that iceberg salad with pretty yummy ginger dressing. I haven't seen the likes of that since my days living in DC. The miso was really, really good. We ordered the standards: spicy tuna, salmon sashimi, caterpillar roll, soft shell crab and one of their special rolls: the summer Vegas. It always seems if you can get the spicy tuna right, everything else will be good too. And I guess this was sort of the case. First plate arrived with the spicy tuna and sashimi. I liked it but Honey thought the salmon was off. Yikes. His test of good sushi is how their sashimi stands up on it's own and well, they sort of failed. The other rolls were good. They weren't the kind to resonate with me for days, but it was good sushi. I liked the summer Vegas with the outer edges deep fried and the perfectly balanced jalapeno on top, but the sauce was too thousand island dressing for me. Overall, if you are shopping in Promenade and have a hankering, by all means, fill your belly here. But be warned: you just might find yourself gazing fondly at Cantina Laredo across the way as I did.
5	Groupon brought me to Yume Sushi, but yummy sushi, friendly service and great prices will bring me back!  I'm looking forward to trying some of their Korean dishes next time.
4	Simple place, good food. Get the Mardi Gras roll.
2	Was very hopeful of finding a new asian place so close to our house.  This used to be a Fatburger.  (You can still see original fatburger retro tables, metal backsplash and soda machine lol) Mmmm! A Korean/Japanese place! Korean owned! They have at least got to have killer Korean food right? WRONG! The beef bulgogi was WAY WAY off. What small amount of beef that came on our plate was thickly sliced, saturated in meat tenderizer, and came on top of a bed of vegetables. Bell peppers, onions, and mushrooms with Bulgogi? Never had it like that before. It was more like a bad stir fry. It looked pretty though, that's about it. We also ordered one of the rolls that was topped with eel. The eel was undercooked, slimy, and just plain gross. The spicy tuna and crabmeat mix inside the roll was off too.  It just did not taste fresh. The yellowtail and scallion roll was the best, but still not anything to write home about. The soft shell crab roll was pretty horrific as well. The eel sauce had a funky sickly sweet flavor that lingered in a bad way. It just didn't taste right.  We also ordered the chicken fried rice. That was pretty clean, light in flavor, but overly black peppered. Black pepper in fried rice? Me thinks not!  If they switch over to WHITE PEPPER the fried rice would be more edible.  All three of us were so glad that we didn't order more, and left very disappointed.   The rice is cooked perfectly! A+++! The staff is super nice.  I just wish they would serve more traditional Korean fare...and serve fresher sushi!
3	Yumi is becoming a regular lunch spot for my coworkers and me, mainly because it's close-by and the bento box meals are a pretty good deal. I describe the place as a "hole in the wall" sushi joint for North Scottsdale. I say that because it's nothing like Ra or other cool sushi restaurants in the area. Yumi is a small, basic sushi joint. The location used to be a Fatburger, and the furniture appears to be diner-esque, so it's probably still the same. There's also a soda fountain smack in the middle of the place, which is not only distracting, but also unattractive. Moving the machine to the kitchen (where it belongs) would be a much needed improvement.The people who work there all appear to be owners or friends of the owners, so you can tell that they're trying real hard to provide good customer service. I like how they great everyone who walks in the small joint, and immediately seat and serve a starter of miso soup and salad.The bento boxes are reasonably priced--around $7--and they even come with four pieces of California roll--something that Ra Sushi and Sushi Brokers nearby don't do (but I always wished they did). The quality of the food is pretty decent. Not quite as delicious as Ra, but I think it's better than Sushi Brokers' bento boxes. Overall, if you're on a lunch break and have a hankering for a bento box, it's a decent place to go, and I hope that some future tenant improvements (moving the soda fountain) will help boost the experience up a notch.
4	They're doing good things here.  The owner knows his fish, and the spicy ahi roll was on point.  They make a killer tonkatsu and  the hot sake was potent as well.  Come here and leave your AZ desert sushi misconceptions at the door.  They serve good food, and it's a welcomed change from a sub sandwich or tgi mcfudsters.
4	Been to Yume now several times for Lunch, takeout and now for Dinner this past weekend.  UPDATE - they now have beer and wine Yay!  I actually really like this place.  The food is very good and the fish is fresh.  Service is outstanding and friendly.  I really like the bento option at lunch but also am a fan of their dumpling soup.  This is also the first place in Scottsdale I've found that seems to know how to do spicy tuna right.  Also nice to be in a sushi restaurant where 75% of thier "sushi" isn't either deep fried, or containing massive amounts of cheese (wierd but common here in AZ).  Just good fresh fish.It is definately not a meat market sushi place like Sapporo or Ra which is a huge plus for me.  The soda fountain inthe dining room is a bit strange but just a holdover from when it was a FatBurger.  They seem to be making continual improvements and perhaps this will beo one in th efuture.
4	I have been here a few times after an afternoon shop at the Promenade and have enjoyed the happy hour that is from 3-7. The service is very good. I had the mackerel dinner and it was great! The miso soup is delicious and the dressing on the side salad is very good. I think if the sushi were prepared with more veggies, like carrot or cucumber slices incorporated in some of the choices, then it would bring the quality up a notch and I'd frequent much more often. The quality and quantity is very good for the money. The decor is nice for a strip mall restaurant and can be interesting to look at. Yume means dream in Japanese.
5	The more often I come, the more I like this restaurant.  That's why I'm changing the rating for this restaurant from 4 stars to 5.Each time I come here, I'm greeted right away by a warm smile from the waitress.  This just goes to show you, a warm smile goes a long way to make a costumer feel welcome.I'm sure the waitress can't be having a good day everyday like the rest of us, but she still always manages to give her costumers a great smile.I continue to like the comp salad and miso soup.  Always warmly received by me.  And I have to say, the sushi chef is clever.  Every time I've ordered their sashimi, it always comes with more slices than indicated on the menu.  The slices might be a bit thin, but as the costumer, I feel good because I feel like I'm getting just a bit more than what I ordered which makes me appreciate the place.I agree with curious g.'s review that if the sashimi platter is dressed up a bit more with more varied vegetables, that would really bring the dish up a notch.This last time my friend ordered the bebimbop and she said the dish was very good.I hope this restaurant continues to improve and I hope the smiling waitress continues to work there.
4	Whaaaa??!?! Free Miso soup and salad?!! I will have to remember that next time I go... were not offered to me :( I guess those are perks that must be specifically requested....I DID Order the shrimp tempura and a few rolls. They came out Super fast. It was like a quarter before 5 and there was no one else in the restaurant...  I was surprised by this as they have a pretty decent happy hour and it is in effect 7 days a week!The staff is very Friendly. The items are well priced. And overall, the whole place felt very Clean. Will definitely go back ~ A nice change from all those huge sushi chains.
4	Been back a few more times now and have really been happy with the service and the food.  I recommend looking at the specials board.  Last time we got the stuffed Orange (rice wrapped in Salmon topped with spicy tuna).  Came with 2 huge pieces and was wonderful.  Also tried their other special roll, forget what it was called byt basically shrimp tempura with battered snapper with avocado, asparagus
2	agh.  Not exactly what I would consider "Korean" food.  Ordered various sushi's, the chicken bulgogi, and the soft tofu stew.  When the chicken bulgogi came out, I explained that we did not order chicken teriyaki but the chicken bulgogi.  The waitress explained that they serve teriyaki for bulgogi because that is what "American" people like better.   Really?  Really?!  Sushi was not fresh and tofu stew less than mediocre.  Should have cooked at home.  When I say that, you have got to know the food was bad.
3	I had a really pleasant dining experience here... being of Korean heritage, I will say not all of their Korean offerings are authentic, for example the bulgogi leans more towards a teriyaki flavor, which I'm sure is to appeal to a larger palate. The service was fantastic though, they were so attentive and cleared away plates and bowls immediately, food was fresh and served very quickly. The prices were reasonable.. so even though the food didn't blow me away, I would go back simply for the friendly staff.
1	Ok one star not because the food is bad not because the service is bad to be honest I have no idea. I have never got that far. I tried but the smell was so bad after a few minutes I was running for the door.
5	Great food and Reasonable prices
4	I really don't understand the mixed reviews of this place!  We stopped in tonight and had a great experience.  We started out with a couple orders of hamachi sushi that were some of the freshest that we've had in quite awhile.  The sushi chef was a very entertaining and funny man, he even pointed out, much to my husband's dismay, that the Kirin Ichiban beer that he was drinking (and loves) is actually made in the U.S. by Anheuser-Busch...needless to say, he will never order that beer again!  We than moved  on to the spicy tuna roll, which is made just with Sriracha and doesn't have any mayonnaise to mask the flavor of the fish.  We had a few more orders of hamachi and then ordered the "Snow White" roll, (a daily special) which was the spicy tuna roll with white tuna on top and garnished with a dab of Sriracha on top. It was excellent!  We then asked the sushi chef for his recommendation and he made us an order of albacore tuna sushi with a miso mustard sauce on it.  What an incredible presentation!  We immediately ordered another order.  Overall, the cuts of sushi were very meaty and everything was incredibly fresh. The atmosphere was slightly lacking, but the sushi chef (owner) told us that he was in the process of ramping up and had already ordered a large fish tank to go on one wall and was planning to re-do the paper lanterns with hanging lights.  He also told us that he's been in the U.S. for 18 years now and finally has his own restaurant after starting out as a dish washer (kudos to him!) and that he can't believe how his competitors will serve day old fish.  I think we've found our new North Scottsdale go-to sushi place!
5	This is the most AMAZING sushi place i have ever been to. Its not fancy or high end, but the prices are great, the food is terrific, but by far my favorite part is the outstanding service. The Miso Soup and salad with ginger dressing that come with every meal are delicious! And I could eat their crunch rolls all day long!love love love
5	I was eager to try this place after seeing Korean food in the menu. My husband had a sushi and I ordered a Korean dish called japche. They were both delicious! I am Korean and I can say that my dish tasted authentic- just how my mom made it!! The prices are great for how much food you get and the service was warm and welcoming. My only regret is that it is not closer to my house!!
5	So it's not the BEST sushi in the world, but it was good, fresh and very fast.  I enjoyed the caterpillar roll, and my dinner companions had yellowtail sashimi (which I had never had but now a great fan) and Ahi tuna roll (always a favorite)....What I was most impressed with was our server, she was funny, attentive and very sweet.  Service goes a long way with me, and we didn't feel rushed (even on a Friday night, which they were only marginally busy) to leave after we were done eating (might have helped that we ordered a second round of beers though....)I bought this on a Groupon, and was very impressed.  We will return and happily pay full price.  Good job Groupon for a great deal, and GREAT job Yume sushi for NOT treating us like a discounted customer!
4	Been by twice, once with a coupon, once at happy hour. Happy both times. Service was good, food was very good, and it's not too expensive.We plan to go back.
3	Really nice little place with some really nice sushi and really nice people. The prices were really nice too!!! Unfortunately the constant smell of backed up sewage isn't really nice. Fix that and it could stay in my back pocket for emergency sushi when the craving strikes.
4	Great, friendly service (always same two ladies).  Fast and fresh sushi. Prices are pretty decent.  I always leave happy.
5	Was in the area so my friend and I came here for lunch.  I ordered the Korean dish, bi bim bap.  It was sooo good!  Just like my mom makes it.  The only difference is the red chili paste sauce they give you is far less spicy then it would normally be.  They modified to satisfy those who are not used to the "ethnic hot" as I like to call it.  I wish they had a location closer to me!  I crave the food here all the time!
4	This was my first time here and oh my deliciousness! I ordered the TNT roll which had spicy tuna and crab, topped with scallops and a spicy mayo sauce for only $10 and some change!  Im still salivating from that roll. I also got a dragon roll that had really fresh avocado and then the crunch roll that contained crab, both scrumptious. The prices are really decent and you do get complimentary miso soup and/or salad which is a nice surprise. The staff was very friendly and fast. The restaurant itself is very clean and has a giant fish tank along one of the walls. I will definitely be back!
3	Nice waitresses and very cheap happy hour. Is the fish super fresh and was the food memorable? Not really, but you pay for what you get - and given that the happy hour is such a bargain, this place is very decent.
4	Nice little find for casual sushi
2	they have one of the spicies sushi roll. they have the spicy sushi challange posted on the wall. definately can make your mouth scream for water. but unfortunately, because of the spicy tuna, they forgot the basic of sushi. quality and taste. yes with the spicy tuna, it will kill your taste bud. but I still do want to taste other than hot sauce.the korean food there is better than the sushi.
5	Best Sushi in Scottsdale! I've tried at least 5 other major Sushi restaurants in Scottsdale and Yume is by far my favorite. They have all the standard rolls and a few flavors all their own. They have an excellent happy hour menu and it's 7 days a week! You have to try the food here!
4	I love this place!  It's locally owned and I think it's a family.  They are from Korea, and the menu reflects some Korean specialities as well as terrific, freshly prepared, and beautifully presented sushi.  They have a good happy hour and reasonable non-HH prices.  Please patronize!
2	Ghost chili hand roll challenge. If done in 30min, pic on "wall of flame"!! Serious!but after all im here for the fish and it barely passes.#yellowtail fishy, not fresh#tamago ordered in (not fresh) arrives frozen, microwaved defrost. Epic fail.--great salmon, but that's easy.#miso has no tofu, too salty, somehow creamy, flakes of seaweed, not pieces like im expecting#Ama ebi frozen also must be microwaved to order.I'm just sayin'.--very friendly, attentive service as mentioned by others, but--sushi chef is explaining that they just don't do the serious stuff 'cause no one orders it. WHAT?!!Dood. If you can't do it right, then don't serve it.Now, about the GHOST CHILI CHALLENGEOkay, so I can finally say I've had my taste of Ghost Chili. It is an experience like no other. The instant it touches your tongue, it's like someone set it on fire. And it just escalates from there. Up, up, up, up. Hotter. Hotter. The pain is excruciating. Naturally you swallow, but that was a mistake. You should have spit it out. Even with soy milk, the next 30 minutes are sheer agony. No amount of squirming, wringing of hands, gritting of teeth or yelling will help you.And that was from one bite. There are but 5 pics on the wall, and according to chef, all of them had downed the roll in two or three bites. Mistake. An ambulance ride, and a night of morphene-induced sleep is your only escape. You must sign a waiver before you begin which includes a line warning of possible eminent death. WOW that was hot.Having said it, I'm glad I tried it. Those who say you can take any level of spicyness, this Yume is your final resting place and without the 30-hour plane flight to India where they're grown.
3	This place has decent food. Pricing is average. Not too expensive, but not super cheap either. I will say that the service is wonderful. They are very attentive and friendly. A very welcoming place.
5	I have always had trouble finding a great shrimp fried rice in the Valley.  Once I stopped into Yume, I knew I had a favorite!  Most places don't really fry the rice, but Yume does a great job--8 shrimp included for a lunch price of $9.95 which includes a miso soup and salad.I had tried their sushi as well, and have always been impressed.  The owner is always there, rolling sushi and cooking.  He loves talking with his customers, and the service has always been wonderful!It's a little hard to find in the mall, but they are worth it to me!
4	Great location, awesome atmosphere, outstanding customer service and delicious sushi!  Happy hour prices are awesome!  The monkey brains, jalepeno poppers and fish ball is a must try!  We will return!
5	Best testing sushi I've had in the Valley. I appreciate the truly Japanese feel of the place. The staff / family are truly friendly and caring. I can't wait to go back and imbibe in the myriad choices!
4	Yume Sushi Grill is a great spot! All of the sushi is very fresh, and they pride themselves in having great quality. The sushi chefs are knowledgeable in their craft, and also extremely friendly to have a chat with. They serve free salad and miso soup, and the serving staff is friendly, helpful, and attentive.The Korean dishes are pretty authentic, and the home made kimchi is great! I recommend the bulgogi, bi bim bab, and spicy pork for meals. Lunch time is the best time to go, as their lunch specials are amazingly priced for the amount of food that you receive. The one complaint that I have is that they don't stock a few of my favorite kinds of sushi (although I know they aren't the most popular) mackerel, quail eggs, and surf clam won't be found on the menu.
4	Found this place accidently. Went around 5:30pm and it looked completely empty but we decided to try it out since we were there and they had a People Love us on Yelp sticker so why not? We sat at the bar and ordered off of the happy hour menu which is all reasonably priced. We got potstickers and 2 rolls for about $15 plus free miso soup. The fried shrimp roll we had was really good, I would go back just to get that. Everyone was very friendly and I thought it was really cool how a regular came in and the sushi chef (is that what you call them?) asked him if he wanted the regular. I think he ended up getting something different that another chef who came out from the back made for him last time. They also have a lunch special from opening until 2pm, not sure what it is though.Update: The below has been cancelled but was still advertised in the restaurant. My friend called 6/25 to confirm.I noticed that they have a spicy tuna challenge for "the hottest cones" in the valley. I recruited a friend who loves spicey food to do it so I'll be back to watch him do that. Apparently you get happy hour all the time if you complete it or you pay $25 for the dish if you can't.
2	Typically my mark of a good sushi place is the quality of their fish in either the sushi dinner or sashimi dinner.  Nowadays it's too easy to mask the quality of fish in a roll that has a million other different things loaded in it. Needless to say, fish was sub-par in taste and freshness.  I may yet go back just to try the rolls, because the service really was great and the restaurant itself was trendy.  But I wouldn't bank on getting the sashimi again.
4	I'm Korean and live in N. Scottsdale. Sick of driving to Mesa/Chandler for Korean food. Stopped by for n early dinner and we ordered off the Korean menu. Seafood pancake was good and so was the galbi.  The staff was Korean and gave me a side of kimchee!! :)It will mosdef satisfy my cravings :)
2	I had no idea this place existed. Decent lunch hour prices as well as happy hour. Make sure that when you say you want something spicy to emphasize that you really want it spicy. There version of extra spicy was pretty weak.
5	What an amazing place! The owner and staff we're so friendly and the sushi was fresh, unique, andeasily is the best in the area. Can't wait to come back!
4	Stopped by for another Happy Hour Sushi Fix, service was great and the price was nice also. Delicious food keeps bringing me back.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about Yume!! I have recommended this place to many people and everyone has said they love it, including me!A friend introduced me to this place about a year ago. The restaurant itself is tiny but the food is awesome!! You can custom create your own rolls (which I have yet to find at other sushi places) and every roll I've had on the menu is amazing! I love the atmosphere of sitting up at the bar (the guys behind the counter are hysterical and great to talk to) while you wait for sushi. I would recommend going during happy hour for the cheaper prices. I've also had some of their main dishes aside from sushi and those are delicious too. Yume is my favorite "hole in the wall" sushi place and I will keep coming back!!
5	Went on yelp before coming here to see if it was a bust..not a bust! If you didn't know I am a sushi lover! Me and my brother came here before his Lasik eye appointment..and Oh. My. Goodness. Delicious! We were most impressed by the spicy yellow tail. And cannot believe how cheap it was during happy hour! Can't wait to be in the area again just to go here again.
4	Great sushi here at this place. They will also make any kind of roll that you want, which leads to endless possibilities. It is not a very big restaurant, but it is actually just the right size. Good service and great food=must return.
3	Decent lunch spot.  I stopped in last week - the service was fast and the prices were reasonable.Based on some of the reviews, I wish I'd ordered off the sushi menu.  I opted for a bento lunch box with terriyaki salmon instead.  It was pretty tasty, though not filling if you have a ravenous appetite.  The menu had lots of options and I'd happily stop in again to try something else.
4	Amazing sushi. Even better service. I really have a hard time spending more money on sushi when Yume is htis good.
5	Yume is Japanese themed, with a nice selection of sushi rolls and bento boxed lunches, but the best food on the menu is Korean.  The restaurant is small, with a friendly and efficient staff.  Food is served promptly.  Quality control is excellent.    But I know what you're saying, so what?  What's so special about that?  Scottsdale has plenty of good Japanese and/or Korean restaurants, right?I've got three words for you:Bi bim bap.  This dish ranks #30 on the list of the world's most delicious foods and you've probably never heard of it.  You'll probably giggle when you say the name, but for heaven's sake, no matter how fun it is to say bi bim bap over and over, don't do it.  Sure, it's not often you get food with a name that's alliterated, but sadly, most people don't see the beauty in this.  Trust me, I know. What, you ask, is bi bim bap?  In Korean, it means 'mixed rice', but to you and me?  The most excellent beef/rice/veg dish you will ever have.  Seriously.  On the bottom is some nicely seasoned ground beef.  Atop that, steamed white rice.  Then, a rainbow selection of vegetables, some raw, some pickled, some cooked.  Then, the crowning glory, a fried egg - sunny side up, and a garnish of roasted seaweed strips. How to eat it, you ask?  First, there's a red bottle on the table, snag it.  I know what you're thinking, anything could be in that bottle!  Easy tiger, It's chili sauce. Now spiral a bit of sauce over the top of the egg and veg.  Note at this point, that there's a spoon in your bowl, a tablespoon.  You can use in conjunction with your chopsticks or on its own.  Take that handy spoon and break up the egg, letting the yoke flow.  Now mix it!  All of it. Tuck in, mate. You can now die happy. In my opinion, the menu would be complete with just the one item, but the seafood pancake (dinner menu) is also delicious.  It's huge, and as the name implies, filled with seafood.  What seals the deal though, is the sauce.  A thick brown sesame seed, soy, sugar, green onion concoction (ancient Korean secret recipe, no doubt) which probably has enough salt in it to raise your blood pressure.   Just go for it. No worries, life's too short anyway!
3	Its good, not great. Not bad either and I've definitely had bad here in the area of Scottsdale/Phoenix over a small period of time. We'll just leave it at that. I really have no qualms with the place, decent price, tasty but ok sushi. Perhaps if I tried other things on the menu than sushi I might have a better opinion. Or I'm just spoiled by Cali. Who knows.
5	The best Korean restaurant in the valley! My favorite is the Bulgogi dish! It is sooooo good! They offer six Korean side dishes such as Kimchi alongside your Korean entree (although their Kimchi is a bit too sour/strong for my taste). ALSO you get a complimentary Miso soup before your meal! The sushi is pretty good, too. I love their deep fried sushi rolls! Always hits the spot!!! The atmosphere is really nice and the staff is friendly. All these things add up and equals a great experience, again and again and let's go there again tonight! :D
4	Yume is our current go to Sushi place.  We will some times meet there for lunch or an early happy hour (which is all day long).  We will even take the kids in on a weekend for an early dinner.  We have a favorite waitress--May.  She is wonderful and recognizes us every time we come in.  Now, if you are looking for a high end sushi experience, then you can pay for it.  But this is good quality food, without the fancy atmosphere.  Each member has their favorite item on the lengthy menu.  The shrimp and vegetable tempura are wonderful.  The calamari is not prepared in rings like you usually see.  It is in half inch strips and covered with a light panko coating.  The rolls are great.  The golden crabby and the golden crunch are really good.  Even the stand by of the spicy tuna is fresh and tasty.  We especially love the salmon and tuna sashimi.  The chef even made me a cucumber salad with octopus in it.  Yum!We have a really expensive sushi restaurant that we reserve for special occasions. It also costs us over $100 for 2 people.   However, for everyday, Yume is good quality seafood at a good price.
5	Super yummy! Seriously we could have eaten here three days in a row. It is a hidden gem.The service was awesome and the owner was a nice guy and came out to talk to us. We had a great time just hanging out here. We mostly just had sushi and it was all great. Outstanding place. A real find and so reasonable! Loved it!
5	Great prices and great sushi! Spicy Tuna is some of the best I've had anywhere. Very clean, friendly staff, good a around. Ill be back for sure.
5	YUMMMMM!  I had dinner here the other day, and have to say that everything was fantastic.  The spicy crunch roll is unbelievable, and the half rainbow/half dragon was perfect.  I also ordered the salmon nigiri,  which was delicious but overkill as I was eating alone.  I'm embarrassed to admit that I also had edamame, which was salted with is always a plus in my book.  The fish was all tender and very fresh, and the customer service was fantastic!
5	great place!came here for dinner the night before a skating competition to get carb loaded.california roll--very generous on the fillings of crab and avocado.  not overly riced.spicy tuna roll--had a nice hint of sesame oil.  very good. chicken katsu--very nice thick cutlet of breast meat.  nice breading on the outside.  the thickness of the chicken was enough so that it balanced the breading.  the katsu sauce was very good.  also came with two pan fried gyoza which were tasty.side salad--very simple and good, asian ginger/sesame type of vinagrette.  not heavy at all but tasty.miso soup--very good.  standard.the amount of food i ate was huge.  the total was only $30, but this more than enough food for two people.
5	It's been awhile since I've been so excited about a restaurant.  We went here twice in one week. The atmosphere is good.  About 5-6 booths with tables as well.  Sushi bar seating.  Bright blue neon lights... at first were a bit bright, but I got used to them.  There is a large salt-water fish tank that is awesome to look at and the kids were taken-away with the fish.  Nemo & Dory live in the tank.We walked in and there really isn't a lobby/waiting area.  No hostess, but the waitress will seat you.  No wait on a Saturday evening.  The restaurant was about half full.  (The second time we went, the restaurant filled up while we ate... was about 3/4 full).  We were promptly served.  There seems to be 2 waitresses.  An older woman and a younger women.  The are both very polite; however, the older woman is a bit of a firecracker!  In a good way... she builds very good repore and tells jokes and tells you what's a better deal to get on the menu.  I adore her!The menu is pretty extensive, lots of specialty rolls to choose from along with the classic rolls.  I love this about sushi restaurants.  Lots of new things to try out.  They also have a regular food menu that has a great array of asian foods.  Bento plates, udon soups, appetizers, fried rice, katsu, etc.  Great choices for people who have different tastes.  Since we went twice, I'm going to post all the choices we had... we did not order all this food in one sitting.  This is a star based system.  1 star = Bad2 stars = mediocre, won't order again3 stars = good4 stars = Will order again and again and againPot stickers: **Sunset roll (inside out with tempura shrimp, spicy tuna on top drizzled with spicy mayo and topped off with jalopeno slices: ****Tuna nigiri: **** (SO FRESH)Chicken Katsu Bento: ****  (awesome price for a TON of food)Veggie Udon: ***** (5 stars... the broth is out of this world)Chef's choice 5 pieces $7.00: Holy moly delish... all fresh tasting and loved the white tuna. Melted in our mouths.Sake bombers are $6.00 all the time. Loves it!With only two waitresses, we had amazing service, always tended too, waters/drinks always refilled and we enjoyed the repore they built with us...  Also, GOING GREEN?  Yes, they have nicely laminated menus and provide wax pencils so you can choose what you want, (check it off) right on the menu. Brillant and saves alot of paper.  Go them!I absolutely love this place and I hope that this local small business has great success!!!  They are absolutely doing everything right. Fresh food and impeccable service for a small joint.  Do not pass this place up!
4	If you want to eat sushi a lot you are going to have to spend a lot. It's easy to find a top shelf sushi restaurant in scottsdale, with prices to match. The real challenge is finding a sushi restaurant that is reasonably priced, but still really good. Yume fits that bill. Their sushi is really good, their rolls are tasty and priced right and their servers are super friendly and good. Yume is now our go to spot for a sushi fix. We eat until we are completely stuffed and still get out for under $75.
5	Love, love this place! It's one of our favorite sushi places in town and we've been to a lot! Their tuna is always super fresh. We tried their shrimp fried rice on a recommendation and it was the best I've had. Have been craving it ever since!
5	Ah-ha I just found my new favorite sushi restaurant. Fresh food and reasonable prices. What more could I ask for especially with Japanese food. Little strange at this place where you mark your menu for the food that you want. Little different and nice change from your normal restaurant. There most popular menu item is the Bento Box. We had the Ginger Pork box and the Teriyaki Chicken box. The pork was thinly cut with so much taste and fresh. The chicken was all white meat and very juicy. The boxes comes with a salad, California roll, mini egg rolls, rice, and your meat. Can't beat the price $6.95. Oh yea, the meal comes with miso soup. Really good soup. Not too salty. We also ordered the eel roll, dragon roll, rainbow roll. They were all so fresh. Really enjoyed the sushi. The only problem here was that their booth for four was a little small because they bring you so much food. Service was very good and filled our water glasses on time. There was only one waitress but she gave really good service. We really enjoyed the meal there and can't wait til we visit again.
4	Went here for lunch.  Fantastic prices for some really good Sushi.  Seriously good environment as well.. this is added to the once a week list for lunch!!!
5	This place has THE BEST sushi! Try the rainbow rolls and the pork bento box! It's really good. I recommend it to anyone who likes raw fish!!
5	I lived in Korea for six years where I met my lovely wife. I fell in love with the cuisine while living in Seoul. My wife, being a native, is also rather fond of the food. We can honestly say that Yume is as good as it gets. From the bulgogi to the chigae, the food is authentic, the portions are generous, the service is excellent, and the prices are reasonable. If you don't like Yume, then you don't like Korean food.
5	The best place ever for Sushi!
5	Are you kidding? $6.95 - $9.95 for a Bento Box, great buy especially in Scottsdale. Shared the Chicken Teriyaki, Galbi, Salmon Bento Box which included Miso Soup, Pot Sticker, Rice, Salad, California Roll, enanabe and the entree meat which is a generous portion for everyone. We also tried the dragon roll which was very good. One person waits and serves all tables so would recommend going on off hours. Not the easiest place to find, it is located on the East side of where Fatburger used to be. Will be going back here more often because of the quality, quantity and low price of the food
5	Every time I go to Yume, it's better than the last. Fresh sushi, amazing flavors... The tempura veggies are to die for! I love the staff - this place is a gem. Thank you, Yume!
4	This is a great sushi place! Simple menu, Extremely fresh fish and amazing prices. The TNT roll is fantastic and order the spicy tuna roll extra spicy if you like an extra kick. Great service too!
5	Sushi is my favorite food, with that being said I've had about every sushi place you can think of in the Scottsdale area. This is so far my favorite I've had! Their sashimi is SO FRESH I feel like they have an ocean right outside the locale. The way their sushi is categorized is also very helpful they have a section for the spicy rolls and the non spicy rolls along with chef specials that you can choose whether you want spicy or non!Prices- AMAZING. Seeing that everything was so cheap, I was a bit skeptical to try it. I've never had decently priced sushi that actually tasted phenomenal. yes, PHENOMENAL, sooooooo fresh and you can differentiate each individual roll because it each has its own unique flavor. The staff is super friendly, the sushi chef always remembers me, and they have a great atmosphere. DEFINITELY recommend this place. MY favorite sushi place. I would drive from anywhere to acquire that fresh taste. AMAZING!
3	It was 8 pm on a Friday night and we practically had the place to ourselves. The decor is funky- it's like a 50's style diner crossed with a sushi bar- and so is the menu. Funky is good.I don't know about you, but Happy Hour prices make me happy. $5 sake bombers and $3 and $4 rolls ain't bad at all. There is a roll on the menu with albacore, asparagus, and a vinegar sauce that I thought was different than the usual offerings at local sushi bars. The chef used some Korean style chili paste for the Tiger roll that set it off nicely. Overall a great value and I shouldn't have ordered that bottle of Soju at the end of the meal but  it was calling my name.
4	Yume is Yummy!  Somebody probably already wrote that.  My Daughter treated us to dinner and we were blown away by the quality of sushi and bento boxes.  We are from Guam and Korean restaurants are amazing in the pacific and most are owned by families so our expectations are high.  I like others on Yelp have thought that to get a great korean meal you MUST go down to Chandler/Mesa do the trek and then get your fill of bulgogi or kalbi.  NOT TRUE!  If you are from Scottsdale or Phoenix - take the short drive to Promenade shopping area and get to Yume.  They are a small shop closest to the Triathlete shop sort of in the middle annex area.  We had several different sushi platters, veggies, CA rolls, spicy rolls and then bentos. I couldn't resist the bulgogi - it came with salad, half of a lumpia (that's what we call them), a wonton, 2 cups of rice.  The bulgogi was shredded really small and thin which I'm not use to but the flavor was great.  We seemed to have a new server that didn't speak english so she would grab the other woman who moved so quickly it was hard to stop her to ask for what we needed.  If you want fast korean food and sushi -- this is your place.  They have a clever way to order by using colored pencils and plastic menus that you check off like at a sushi bar.They forgot my husband's octopus order but he was full any way so he didn't ask for it. They forgot my mochi ice cream but I was full so I decided against it.  Also, the mochi ice cream here cost less than another nearby vietnamese restaurant offering the same product.  We cannot wait to go again!
5	I ate there yesterday and it was great. I like trying out specialty rolls at new sushi places. I got a Twinky and it was great. Although I was kinda expecting it to be yellow.
3	I forgot to write this review for last Saturday's lunch.Somehow got DH to go furniture shopping with me on Saturday with a bribe of lunch.  We ended up at Yume.  Is that pronounced You-me?  Or Yummy?  It should be the latter!VERY clean, kind of cool-retro vibe with a gorgeous aquarium against one wall---sorry guys, I am eating your relatives!  It was lunchtime and about three tables were occupied when we got there, but several other parties came in during our meal.  The hostess/server was so NICE!  Of course I went for the sushi.  The menu's are large and laminated and they give you wax pencils to mark with---I had never had that before.  Much more eco than the slips of paper.  I got the Chef's Combo 2---7 pieces of chef's choice sushi and a spicy tuna roll.  So fresh, so melt in your mouth perfect.  So delicious.  To be honest, I couldn't identify all the pieces of the sushi---I recognized tuna and a shrimp---but it was very perfectly prepared.  I did ask our server if I could please not have mackerel, and she vigorously shook her head and said: "No mackerel!"  Evidently, they don't like it any more than I do!  The spicy tuna roll was the perfect consistancy---not too finely chopped so there was some nice texture.  All was presented very attractively.  I mean---what can you say---great sushi---fresh, tasty, pretty to the eye.DH, who prefers cooked land-bound animals, had the spicy chicken bento box.  He just raved over the quality of the chicken, the spicy sauce, the crisp veggies.  He didn't care for the edamame---but that's okay, I did!It was all very reasonably priced.  We just really, really enjoyed our meal there.  We will definitely be back or doing carry-out.My only caveat is this: why does every sushi place have a tv (or two) blaring at you?  That was true in Ohio too.  In fact, now that I think of it, my favorite Thai place in Ohio had a shrieking tv as well.  Is this some American-Asian thing?  I am trying to remember, but I don't recall them in Taiwan or China.  Really, guys, I want to enjoy my meal, not have some sports announcer screaming at me!  It's nice, now, to have two options, depending on if we are heading down Cave Creek Road or Scottsdale Road, for Sushi.  That's especially important come summer and we want to do carry-out.  I don't care how many ice packs I have in the cooler---when it's 100+ degrees out and I have sushi in the car, I want to get home FAST!  Thank you Yume, it was yummy!
5	I'm here from Boston golfing. Had an urge for sushi. My wife and I checked our IPad for local places and picked Yume based on a few reviews. We had doubts about sushi here in Scottsdale after all we live on the water back home. No concern for doubt @ Yume. We thoroughly enjoyed the experience. The fish was wonderful the value just as good. The atmosphere was quietly eclectic ...very relaxing and refreshingly non FooFoo for those of you want to enjoy a great meal without the pretense of a "SCENE". We had the Love Boat because we were both hungry it was a good choice for us. Rock solid place for sushi.
5	The teriyaki chicken bento box was amazing. Sat at the bar and chatted with the owner who was so sweet and friendly. Funky atmosphere. Good music. Beautiful aquarium. I will definitely be coming back the next time I'm in Scottsdale.
5	One of, if not the best sushi restaurants in north Scottsdale.  Great value, casual atmosphere, excellent service.  Most of all for me, clean!  Highly recommend for casual sushi experience.
5	Holiday shopping with mom and she wanted to grab lunch close by. Place has a nice clean above average atmosphere for the majority of sushi places that are out there which can hold approx 50 ppl... Nice large salt water fish tank and good menu selection. Prices are competitive to what I have in San Diego. I got the Spicy chicken bento box & spicy tuna  roll and both did NOT disappoint!  Overall, great service, atmosphere and good quality!!!
4	My boyfriend and I just returned from dinner here.  We sat at the bar.  We ordered two squid salads, 10 pc sashimi combo, dragon roll, phoenix roll, 2 fresh water eel nigiri, quail egg and 2 scallop hand roll.   We shared a bottle of the Pearl Nigori Genshu sake. Everything was top notch except the squid salads.  This is one of my favorite things and I nearly always order one to start my sushi dinner no matter where I go.  Their's seemed a bit dry as there was no kind of dressing although the quality of the ingredients were fine.The Chef's Choice 10 pc sashimi combo included 3 salmon, 4 yellow tail and 3 white tuna.  My boyfriend tends not to like salmon as much as other fish but he thought the quality, flavor and tenderness where superb.  All three fish types were tender and flavorful.  There was a light sauce (oil and ??) on the white tuna.  The daikon was super fresh.The dragon roll was fine but nothing special.  We enjoyed the phoenix roll with it's spicy tuna and salmon top. The quail egg was laid on some type of of flavored oil.  I couldn't place the flavors but it was rich and satisfying.  Fresh water eel is one of my favorites and these were more than fine. We finished off our meal with the scallops hand roll which were perfect.We came here once before about three years ago with a Groupon and somehow never returned until today.  We'll add this one into our regular sushi rotation.  Prices are reasonable and quality is good.
4	Stumbled across Yume when I had some time to kill in the area and was craving sushi. It turned out to be a solid spot, and one worth going out of my way for in the future. The prices for the quality can't be beat and the hostess was incredibly friendly. Not much of a crowd when I went. I guess Scottdalers only like club music with their sushi. People need to venture out and try these smaller establishments. I like Sushi Brokers down the street just fine, but I got way more bang for my buck here. You know, I've had sushi all over the world and I'm often bewildered when people claim something isn't the best quality. I wonder what they compare it to. Most mid-price places taste the exact same to me, quality wise. It's the preparation that varies. This place pleased on both accounts.
5	Came here with a group of coworkers for lunch today after reading some good reviews on yelp. Some of us tried soft tofu stew.  Since the owner is Korean, we thought some Korean dish might be good.  Let me tell you it was really good. So spicy, we had to ask for extra napkins to wipe for our face (and nose...lol).. I kept finding lots of seafood inside the stew, I couldn't believe it was only around $11 for this stew dish!Like any other Korean dish, it comes with lots of appetizers. My favorite was kimuchi. The way they prepared was very light, just the way I like it.We ordered sushi too. I had yellow tail hand-rolls. The sushi rice was prepared just right.  I would come back to try more sushi next time.
3	Decent Korean food for lunch.   We ordered a grilled hamachi kama for an appitizer.  It tasted good.   My husband's lunch box included bulgogi, California rolls, salad, rice, and a couple of pot stickers.  I had spicy pork which had good flavor.  Korean side dishes were okay, nothing special.
5	We recently just heard this was supposed to be an awesome sushi place, so we tried it tonight to see what the talk was all about.  Wow, not many places live up to the hype we had read, but having been a sushi lover for the past 30 years, this place was as great as everyone exclaimed.  The ginger salad was an awesome start.  The miso was good but unremarkable.  Then came a number of sushi orders, the tuna, yellowtail and salmon melted in your mouth like butter.  The sliced ginger was as fresh and zesty as we have ever had.  The wine by the glass was an extremely good value.  Upon leaving we immediately called and told some close friends we had found gold in this sushi restaurant.  We can't wait to go back, way to go Yume!
5	I've been to Yume a number of times and really enjoyed the food and service every single time.  Whether i've ordered sashimi, rolls, soup or anything else, the results have been quality ingredients prepared correctly and served quickly.  This place is perfect for a quick lunch or a night out.  There are a lot of sushi restaurants in Scottsdale, Yume stands out as one of my favorites!
4	I knocked a star off because the ambiance and parking aren't great. The ambiance is pretty 80s style and kind of cheesy.  If it's nice out, definitely opt to sit outside---you'll feel like you're on someone's patio, not in the middle of Scottsdale promenade. Prices are the most reasonable I've found in Scottsdale. Service is great.  They have a good selection of sake, pinnacle vodkas and fountain soda (weeeeeee!!!!). The manager (Jay?) is a doll--he was so helpful in picking out the perfect amount of food for an event I was hosting at work. The fish was all supremely fresh and tasty, and it was packaged and displayed beautifully and with the utmost care. Finally, I need to sing the praises of the spicy tuna roll at Yume. It's the best I've ever had - not only in Phoenix, but ever (this is saying a lot as I've lived in NY and eaten a lot of spicy tuna in my day).  It is made with no mayo---just pure heat.  Try it!
2	this place has potential. the food was okay, not the greatest. but not the worst.
4	Great food.  Friendly attentive service.  Around 5:30 when we usually go, families with kids are common, which lets us fit in nicely!
4	Since my original November review, we have been to Yume at least half a dozen times.  I have to upgrade my rating to 4 stars.  We love this place.  Food is always fresh and good.  The lady who always waits on us (she must work 24/7!) is one of the sweetest people I have met in AZ---she is just so nice and always seems happy and always so anxious to make sure we feel like valued guests.  And we do---and now we have been in often enough that we are totally treated like regulars.  The sushi and sashimi are to die for---always fresh and beautifully prepared and DH and DSGF  ordered the bento box meals and just rave.  I am probably being a brat for not giving them 5 stars---it's because I have to drive 30 minutes to eat at Yume.  If they'd move closer to Cave Creek, I'd rate them a SIX star!  Yume-yume-yume in my tummy!
5	Great price for all the food! Quality is exceptional! The specialty rolls are an absolute must! The bento boxes are around $7 and really great for children!
4	This place was good probably the best I've had here in Az. The happy hour menu was what you except or find at most sushi places in Az. The price range  for rolls were $4.95 to $9.95 per the waitress prices all day no specials. Dragon roll melted in your mouth.
5	I love sushi and happy hour and am always looking for a great sushi spot and I think it's safe I found my favorite in the Scottsdale valley. Great service, great sushi, lots of options and prices are even good too! I have nothing to complain about and I've been here a few times and will continue to go back!
4	Yume is a very decent place. In my experience, it never gets crazy crowded and everyone was very chill. The bentos are great deals, you get a decent amount of food for the price and although it's not the best sushi in town or anything, it's still pretty dang good. The decor might be a bit older but, well, I came here for food, not to chill. We eat and leave, never hang around. So, it deserves a good rating
5	Soooooo delicious. So glad I found this place. Hard to find a real sushi and Japanese grill. Yummmm
4	I've visited Scottsdale a few times, but never noticed Yume....tucked away in the Promenade shopping center is this jewel. I've been yelping around and found a great place Hiro's, but it's a lot farther away from Hayden/kierland area. I paid twice the price for Hiro's  vs Yume....for the same items!Service was great, spicy tuna sushi was awesome,and the prices are unbeatable...quite an extensive  sushi, Japanese and Korean dishes...I'm comin back!
5	I found my new favorite sushi spot! I stumbled across this restaurant by accident and I'm so glad I did. I've been here 3 times in the last week. I can't get enough. It's not fancy by any means but who cares if the food is good.I've tried several different rolls as well as the sashimi and have yet to be disappointed. Even their simple cucumber salad with (real) crab is fantastic. Great place to stop in and grab a delicious meal at a fantastic price!
3	Many of the descriptions and summaries on the yelp website are misinforming guests. It offers no delivery and the online ordering system does not work. It may not be the restaurants fault, but I am tired of the wrong information on the website.
5	Tried this little place out recently.  Would have never known it was there if it had not been for word of mouth.  Restaurant needs more visibility.  A Sushi bar that has fresh fish and awesome prices needs to be noticed.  The specials did not dissapoint in the slightest.  Handrolls were fresh and handed right to you from sushi chef,  Seaweed had that nice crunch to it.  Other fish items on menu were so fresh and delicious.  I do plan on coming back to write for some of my other publications
4	This is a good place for Sushi and has pretty decent rolls available.  I come here semi-regularly for lunch.  The servers are always really nice and food is good.  One time I  asked the server about specific ingredients in something on the menu and she didn't know.  I came back randomly about three weeks later and she remembered me asking about the ingredients.  She had since done some homework. She brought up the subject with me again and answered all my questions I had three weeks prior!  It was amazing.
4	Very casual place but great food. I had the spicy crunchy roll (amazing), the centipede roll (very good) and an eel hand roll (good but didn't stand out as much). Strongly recommend this place!
4	As good of a sushi as you could get given you're in the middle of the desert.
4	Smaller place than I envisioned, but the atmosphere was inviting and comforting. My friend and I came here after seeing a movie and craving sushi. We ordered the Philly roll, Summer Crunch roll, yellowtail roll and Fire Cracker roll. We also ordered the Monkey Brains as the appetizer. I love cream cheese so I knew two of the dishes would be good already. I really liked the spicy mayo and eel sauce and shrimp in my sushi. Split a chocolate ice cream for dessert. I'd go back, staff was super friendly even when we ordered dessert late and they were getting ready to close.
5	We love Yume Sushi and usually hit this place once a month.  Food is inexpensive but extrememly fresh...presentation is great and the service is always very good!  Tried a number of places in the valley but nothing comes close to Yume...we are happily hooked!!
4	Good prices considering your in the middle of the desert! They even have happy hour from 2-6 everyday!! Including weekends! Pretty cool. Anyways, service was great and the sushi was super good, we are salmon lovers so we got salmon sashimi, salmon roll, spicy salmon roll and a Cali roll, everything was super good! The only reason I gave this place a 4* rating was because it was empty. Luckily I have gotten sushi from there so it didn't deter me. Worth a try for anyone craving sushi and wants to avoid overpriced and crowded 'RA Sushi'Hope this helps your decision to go there!
4	I have been here two times with my family, and enjoyed both meals.  Excellent Sushi, and had a bento box, then fried rice another time.  The appetizers I had were just okay, but the main courses were excellent.  There was only one server (who remembered us from our first visit 4 weeks prior), so the service was slow but friendly.
5	Best spicy tuna roll. Love this place!
5	I married into a sushi family so for the past 12 years I've been trying sushi with them in several areas, even as far as Australia. This is hands down the most amazing sushi I've ever had. Highly recommend.
5	Amazing sushi and great staff! I can not wait to go again. My 5 year old son loved everything we ordered and the sushi was fresh and delicious. I recommend this restaurant to anyone in the area!!
5	Great place for fresh sashimi. Very reasonable prices, and a nice staff.
