1	If I could give this location zero stars I would. I am surprised this place is not shut down by food inspectors or McDonalds corp offices.  This is a horrific McDonalds. The food is always bad, cold, cooked, or served wrong, despite the easy order. ( Ice in a drink. REALLY? Ya can't even get that right McDonalds staff worker? )  The equipment is always broken, place is dirty except the parking lot ( More on that in a minute)  the staff do not speak English but work positions where they need to, and never  get the order or change correct.    I had complained several times about the staff member who goes out and waters the parking lot every day. McDonalds corporate offices ( not in the deserts of Az of course)  tell me it is policy to wash the parking lots fully every day. REALLY? Even when it is clean? Really? The whole parking lot in a huge strip mall McDonalds? REALLY? Even when you have 200 cars backed up at drive through? Is this the workers only job? He sits out there on the curb holding a hose. He does not clean the restaurant or the bathroom or help serve the million people backed up on line? Hey I want that job. ( insert sarcasm here) Hey MIKEYD"S you do know we live in the desert right?    I used to go here every morning on the way to work for my cafe fix but I stopped last week. I will never go back. Last week the man with the hose was outsIde smoking!( yes a cig, it was lit, and yes he did inhale!)  He was also just aiming the hose in the air letting the water squirt into the air. No, thank you for asking, there were no trees, flowers or plants nearby, just cement. Not a clue what he was doing. Just wasting water in the desert and smoking. SMOKING???????Did I mention he was smoking? EWHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH Oh BTW, did I mention he was smoking????? Smoking around food? Ok, technically there was no food in the parking lot but ya get my drift right? I say OMG! How gross are you McDonalds?
3	It's McDonalds.  Exactly what we expected.  Cheap food fast.  Done.
1	I got food here twice.  I rarely eat fast food but have a soft spot for egg mcmuffins; they don't seem THAT bad for you and are filling.  The first time, the English muffin part of it was just about burnt to a crisp and inedible (leaving me hungry until lunch).  The second time, it was barely toasted and the cheese was cold (giving it a much much much less desirable flavor).  This mixed with kinda rude staff (for those I've dealt with) on both occasions and I'm not going to make the same mistake a third time.
