2	I never knew that getting a gentle burst of wind in my face from a roller derby girl was meant to terrify me, but now I know better.  This is one of the most expensive haunted houses in the area, and supposedly the 3rd scariest attraction according to 'Haunt World' Magazine, which is obviously an imprint of the New Yorker.  The actors don't seem to have been told exactly what they were supposed to be doing, so there is an element of awkward stumbling upon of looming characters, with the end result being an uncomfortable bit of small talk, to which they respond: "Oh, uh...You'll be dead!"...and then you walk away.  After standing in line for two hours, you'll be done with the experience in approximately 4 minutes.  I thought maybe we wandered out of an emergency exit, but the crowds that came out behind us seemed equally confused.  As hard as it was to believe, we had been royally dicked by the Scarehouse.
5	Love this place!
5	Let me just start off by saying that I've been through a lot of haunted attractions - probably in the neighborhood of fifty plus - and The Scarehouse in Etna, PA (Pittsburgh) is as good as it gets - even if you count the big theme park's Halloween offerings. I've been through it for the past 3 years and have seen something new every year. Anyone who says this takes 4 minutes to go through really hasn't been through it at all. For the 2011 season I hit it on opening night September 23rd and was second in line. The Scarehouse consists of one large haunt that is divided into three distinct section. For 2011 they are: The Forsaken - a gruesome menagerie of dark scenes and malign denizens, Delirium - a rave-like, 3D, acid-trip filled with insane fl0urescent creeps and heart thumping music, and finally for this year - Pittsburgh Zombies - yep, an homage to all those great hometown zombies movies.Each area has tons of detailed scenes with horrific eye candy aplenty and more scaracters so that you're always on your guard. I thought the gore factor was pretty low, but younger kids - and many adults - may still have trouble sleeping after a visit so use common sense when decide to visit.General admission was 18 dollars, which is the going rate for haunts in this class, with a R.I.P. pass available for 30 which lets you skip the line on busier nights.So, if you like haunted houses like I do - then go hit The Scarehouse for a hauntingly good time.
5	As with last year, The Scarehouse didn't disappoint.  While we did go early in the season to beat the rush that we had last year, anyone going to this attraction should budget a few hours.  The lines can be long (but there is a well worth it VIP which does cut some time off your wait,) but you do get a solid 20-30 minute experience once inside.  This is done right,in small groups going in, without a constant stream of people pushing behind you so as to miss the many details.The queue is clean and well put together, and as you snake in, it does build quite a bit of suspense.My final tip is to go the Turn Out The Lights this year, as last year it was the crowing glory of the haunt...with just a glowstick, it makes for a totally unique experience.
5	I peed my pants at one point.  Not proud of that, but it is the truth.  So yep, I'm going back.  Can't ask much more from a haunted house!
5	I love the Scarehouse! I had no idea what to expect going in, but I had heard friends speak highly of it. I was not disappointed!  From start to finish, it was a long and winding road of surprises around every corner. Just when I thought I had gotten the hang of making my way through, a wall would come to life, and my heart jumped. From the skilled actors to the unnerving tactile experiences, this is an attraction that removes you from the tedium of daily life for a good long while. I was simultaneously terrified and not wanting it to end!  I went with just one friend, but I could see this being fun with for a group excursion as well.
5	I consider myself a connoisseur of haunted houses and I feel the difference between a mediocre  house and a great house is the details.  Are the actors 12 year-olds in rubber masks, or are the actors paid and  trained performers?  Am I walking through black plastic strung between plywood, or am I walking through detailed sets.  For me it's not about being started, but about immersion into the environment.   This is where the Scarehouse excels.  The actors are clearly trained performers, and they enjoy their roles.  The sets are detailed enough that I notice things on my second and third visit that I had missed on my first.  I feel immersed in an environment rather than as if I am walking through a haunted house.  There is a focus on the things that are truly psychological scares over the easy startle scare, although there is no lack of startles.   They also focus on monitoring and pacing the groups so that the groups are not crowding each other, so that you are moving at your own pace.   For me, the Scarehouse provides a great experience that allows me to look forward to Halloween season each year.
5	I visited ScareHouse last night for the first time ever and was absolutely blown away! They have thought of everything! Parking was a breeze because of the attendants who were directing traffic and keeping things organized. The line wasn't terribly long (I'm guessing a weekend would be much different!), but there was plenty of entertainment thanks to the bunny dancing. We bought our tickets in advance, so we were able to skip ahead to a shorter line, which made it even better.Once we were inside, I was really impressed by how they keep everybody in small groups. We never ran into anyone ahead of us and nobody spoiled our fun by coming up behind us. We had plenty of time to check out some of the extremely detailed sets, although a few people in my group were too scared to hang out for long!While there were lots of great scares, most of them came courtesy of the old-fashioned trick where people pop out of places you don't expect. All of the workers had amazing costumes and makeup. You could really tell they spent a lot of time and money making sure every detail was just right. Keep an eye out for the chair, by the way! He'll definitely get you!I definitely plan to go back!
5	Haunted hay rides. Factories of terror. Faces of Death. Walking in on your elderly relative perched on the John. They all fall short of instilling the type of indelible fear The Scarehouse makes its business to provide.Parking is a flashlight directed breeze and you'll save a few hours by purchasing a front of the line pass. What you'll be undergoing is the best scripted and gleefully terrifying experience eva.You're involved from the get-go. Suckers in line have their ankles threatened or cautiously turn around to meet grotesque figures breathing down their necks.And inside, a true shop of horrors waits. You'll circumnavigate dark winding hallways with a new fright around every corner. You'll find yourself staring at figures to determine whether they're real or not, only to have them come to life and deliver something approaching cardiac arrest.Crazed Go-Go girls dance about on raised platforms as you try to walk across a shifting bridge while wearing the equivalent of LSD goggles. Neon, strobes, bright flashes, ground movement and a discombobulating walk are accompanied by ubiquitous shrieks, knocks and sinister laughing.  And zombie lovers will not be disappointed. The Scarehouse employs both varieties: The quick moving 28 Days Later type and Night of the Living Dead sort both make impressive cameos.So if you have health insurance and are around Pittsburgh during Halloween, do your cardiologist a favor and come to The Scarehouse.
3	I've gone to Scarehouse almost every year it's been opened and look forward to it every year. This year's trip was just OK. We went on a Sunday night and know the golden rule of "Buy your tickets online" so you can wait in a short line. The staff is efficient at keeping things moving and spacing groups out the best they can.There are 3 parts to Scarehouse: The Foresaken, Creepo's X-mas in 3D and Pittsburgh Zombies. The Foresaken is like a normal haunted house. It had scene from a carnival and then you were inside a house. I'm not sure if there is a "story," but it works with some decent scares, but there could've been more and seemed like some were missing. Forgive the pun, but there was a lot of dead space in scenes where scare could have happened.After the Foresaken you reach Creepos and are handed a pair of 3D glasses. You meet Creepo right away and it kinda throws things off as you see elves and other surprised thru this section and they just say "Creepo is coming." I kept thinking, "We all ready saw him so what's the point?" Creepos replaced Delerium which was another 3D section which was as scarey, but cool and funny and had an awesome puppet. Creepos X-mas to me was a huge miss and a disappointment.The third part was Pittsburgh Zombies. It's just like you think, Zombies take over Pittsburgh. It had some fun seens, but few scares. Eventhough I was disappointed in this trip to Scarehouse, I will return as they switch out one part everyyear for something new, base on the pattern The Foresaken will go away, next year, but I hope they rethink the 3D section and restructure it. I was will friends who usually end up crying at the end and they are in their late 20s. This year it was "Eh it was OK. Cool, but not frightening."The scenes are well crafted and high quality. The lighting is great, but in the end the scare were not there.
4	Fun and scary haunted house, but buy your tickets ($20) in advance and do NOT go on a Friday or Saturday evening.     We waited over 2 hours in line to get in on a Friday night!  There were some entertainers (zombie, cross-dresser, and dirty axe-wielding rabbit) while you are in line, but it was cold, and really not worth that long of a wait.  The house itself took about half an hour to get through.  The decorations in the house are intricate and creepy.  There are maggots, cobwebs, and all sorts of strange statues, paintings, and rooms.  Many scary creatures jump out at you throughout.  They have the Forsaken: a haunted carnival, Creepos Christmas in 3-d: you put on 3d glasses, and Pittsburgh Zombies: where zombies roam and terrify.  It's single-file throughout the house--being at the front of your group is the best and scariest experience.  I enjoyed the vortex tunnel, where you feel like the walkway is spinning around, but its really an optical illusion where just the walls are.  Some sections are very tight and make you feel claustrophobic.  Overall, a scary good time--just avoid the wait.
4	I've been to Scarehouse three times now. Each time has been a little better. The first time we waited in line 4 hours before we got in, which is a ridiculous wait for anything. The second time we only waited an hour or two. The third time we waited less than an hour. This is all thanks to a new system they implemented where you buy your tickets for a specific time slot in 30 minute increments. We reserved our tickets for 10:30 and it was so nice to roll in at 10:15 and be in the attraction before 11. As for the haunt itself, it's much more theatrical and higher quality than your typical haunted houses or hayrides. Scarehouse is permanently in the buidling, so all of the special effects and props get to stay and it doesn't have to be deconstructed at the end of each season. This also allows them to continuously modify and change the haunts and improve them during non-season. We were in a group of six, went in single file and we all got spooked several times. They make sure to scare everyone in the group, not just those in the front. It takes about 30 minutes to get through the whole thing.
5	Every year that myself and my wife hit the road to do our Haunt Review Tour, ScareHouse is always on the list. It's not just because we've both worked there in the past either. This place is truly one helluva show and if you're in the Pittsburgh area it would serve you well to visit.What the creative team behind this terrifying attraction have been able to do every year is nothing short of remarkable. Awesomely detailed sets and for 2013 a couple of brand new surprises, including a completely redesigned lobby just go to show that they're never happy and always trying to up their game.The new parking system that has people being shuttled over from the Pittsburgh Zoo parking lot seems to be working really well and the addition of timed entry tickets also is helping with the lines (which could get insane in the past). Definitely buy your tickets online so you can take advantage of that and if you think it's going to be really busy? Check out the RIP option, could be worth it depending on the crowds that night.This haunt is always listed as one of the top Haunted Attractions in the country and every year they show us why. Can't wait to see what they have in store for everyone next year!
5	Thrilling and scary. Perfect. Expect long lines on weekends. Creepos Christmas is a bit much and distorting.
5	Amazing design work and great characters. At least 1 jump from me in each section, I'm very hard to startle or scare. I went as a single and got put in a group and they were great jumping at everthing and screaming. It was wonderful. In the last section there was a place where it was pitch black, and I got separated from them. I wonder if they think the zombies got me? The little easter eggs from the movie Trick r Treat were a great addition and something to look for in the rooms.
1	This was probably the worst haunted house I have ever been to. I didn't jump not one time.  I drove an hour and bought the 40$ rip tickets for nothing. You are to close to the people in front of you so it takes away from being scared because you see what's about to happen every step of the way.
5	Just came back from here.  So incredible. The new haunt is great. I won't give any spoilers.  I do love that they pump smells in certain rooms.  All the themig is great. I do wish they did some more with the Christmas one. It's lacking a bit. Otherwise incredible.
4	My bestie and I are finally back in the same general area, so we decided to get back to our annual haunted house tours this year. She'd heard of Scarehouse, and she'd heard good things, so we decided to check it out. ((Side note: I'm not easy to scare because I've been doing haunted houses since I was wee, and I'm kind of used to them now. I'm kind of known for going through these things and chatting calmly with the actors, so.. yeah. Keep that in mind.))First of all, we ended up with "RIP Tickets," which are pretty much the best thing ever. She purchased them at CostCo ahead of time, and I don't believe they were more expensive than purchasing a regular ticket online. These tickets allowed us to skip ALL lines, which was great since it was seasonably chilly that weekend. When we arrived at the Zoo, we hopped into the line specifically for RIP Ticket Holders and were ushered onto the first bus that arrived, ahead of everyone who had tickets for specific time slots. When we got to the site of the Scarehouse, we were allowed to pass the hundereds of people standing in line outside and went right in through a back door. Our tickets were checked, and then we bypassed the lines inside, as well. So my take? Find these tickets!As for the actual haunted house, we did the main 3 parts (no basement for us.. we are not down with random people being allowed to do whatever they like to us in the dark!). The first part was, IMO, just like most other haunted houses I've been to. I've seen other reviewers complain that you are too close to the other groups going through the house, and I agree.. I was at the back of our group (which had ended up running into the backs of the group ahead of us, anyway), and I missed almost everything because the people at the front of our group got it and I was still around the bend. So.. my suggestion here would be more wait time between groups. Part 2, with the 3-D glasses, was our favorite. It's unlike anything I've ever seen before, and it's unexpected and a LOT to look at. I almost wish I'd had more time in there to just wander around slowly. Part 3 was more like a normal haunted house again.. zombies.. mmhmm.. but there were some kind of odd physical sensations (when they send you through that giant inflated thing and you can't see or touch anyone else in your party and you're all squeezed in and claustrophobic.. that's not something you experience everyday!) that were much appreciated.Not my favorite (late 90's, early 2000's Castle Blood will always have a special place in my heart), but definitely better than most of what I've experienced the past few years. And for my money, it was longer and more worthwhile than a lot of what I've seen recently, too. Kudos, Scarehouse!
1	I'm honestly shocked by so many positive reviews, but glad you all must have had a different experience than us.We watched all of the videos on youtube and were super excited for the experience so we bought our tickets in advance (Definitely print them out, a lot of people had problems scanning from their phones) We went last night (A Wednesday) and parking at the zoo was easy/plentiful and our shuttle driver was funny and friendly. Lines weren't bad at all (assuming mid week/7:30 time slot helped with that) Once we got inside, the "clown" in the waiting area was awkward at best, we were way more interested in the video playing in the ticket line outside. Once inside Scarehouse, the decorations were pretty cool and a few of the illusions were great, but the group behind us was sent in so soon after us that they caught up several different times, making us one megagroup of around 15.I could hear that the woman in the front of our group was scared a few times, but by the time I (7th/last in line) got to those points the actors were either just standing aside or making half hearted attempts to get back into their hiding spots. I kept expecting to be followed by someone creepy or chased with a chainsaw, but honestly most of the actors didn't pay much attention to us at all. Especially once the groups merged and we became the middle of a way-too-big group. The shuttle ride back was full of comments like "I can't believe I paid $40 to walk through a maze." and "We should have went to Kennywood" As for the basement, we didn't want to risk another $30 each to try it out but from the screams we heard and the man running out wrapped in plastic wrap..it certainly seems that's the way to go if you're going to make a trip to The Scarehouse.
1	Waste of time, save your money. Way too expensive for nothing.
4	It was a good haunted house, the last part which was zombies was my favorite If your in Pittsburgh during Halloween it is a good place to visit Next year will do the basement where a lot more scare takes placeThe parking at the zoo and shutte makes it easy to get back and forth
