5	Maharaja means "high king" in Hindi.  Those words absolutely describe how you'll feel after dinner at this mouth-watering Indian restaurant.  I like to consider myself a connoisseur of this historically and tastefully rich cuisine.  A month in India and many dozens of different naans, curries, and tandooris at restaurants around the world have left this palette with an ability to play restaurant critic.  Pick any dish on the menu (believe me... we've tried almost all) and your taste buds will be immersed in a culinary frenzy.  Standouts include the juiciest and tenderest Tandoori Chicken (for those who are newbies), the most creamy and decadent Chicken Tikka Masala (for those a little more daring), and delectable Karahi specialties.  You'll never have to wait for a table, which is a good thing except the owner is thinking about closing.  A bad location (strip mall in the middle of Glendale) and an unimaginative atmosphere don't quite give people the spark to make the trek over.  Knowing one can leave a "high king" should give you that extra push to give it a try and allow the reign to continue...
2	I completely agree with Omer's lunch buffet review.  It is TERRIBLE!!!!!  I've tried it 3 times thinking that they were having an off day, but each time was worse than the time before.  Thre is no taste to the sauces, the meat in non existent, the sag is bland and runny, the nan is rubbery. . . I have not eaten here for dinner and I know people have given it rave reviews.  I just cannot imagine that a fabulous dinner could come out of this horrid lunch time mess.
4	For my money, this is the best Indian restaurant in Phoenix.  I have been to all of them...and I frequented this one the most often.FOOD--The food is good, and I appreciate the way the cook actually makes the food spicy when asked.  Highlights:Garlic NaanSamosasVeggie PakoraAny of the BiryaniMadrasi ChickenLowlights:Not a huge buffet fan, but their food is fresh and good.SERVICE / ATMOSPHERE --The service is usually a bit slow, but the staff is very nice. Atmosphere is pretty generic.
4	This was very enjoyable and probably better than most Indian food I've had in Phoenix. We had dinner here. Naan was goodPathara was also goodTandoori chicken was good and well pricedSag Shrimp also goodThe chutnies were very nice. I liked the mango one best, and the mint and tomato were also very good.All in all, I very much liked this. They were very nice and attentive to keeping our drinks refilled and refreshed.
4	Being a well-seasoned Indian food consumer, I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for delicious, authentic Indian cuisine.We always order the samosas(stuffed with potato and well-seasoned) and the paneer naan(cheese-filled bread--it's become my fiance's favorite thing on the menu lol!)...I also ordered their aloo papri chaat(read my 'Crown of India' review for a description) and it was top-of-the-line...nice and creamy and crispy!It's been a month or two since we ordered from Maharaja, so I can't really remember what else we've gotten, but I know that I've had no bad impressions of their fare...try it out!
3	I thought this place was pretty decent at first, and visited it several times. There's a lunch buffet - all you can eat for under $10 which is pretty good, especially for an Indian food fan like me. Every dish we've ordered for dinner take-away has been great, with my favourite being the vindaloo. Unfortunately, though, there have been a few things that have made me decide never to return. The first was a couple of nasty things that the Maricopa County health dept had to say about them - including the fact that they were dispensing rice milk out of a laundry detergent bucket. A Costco-sized Tide dispensing container might be the perfect shape and totally convenient for pouring milk but, come on now..! They had an FBI inspection on 6/13/2007 and I invite everyone to go read what was found. In addition, some of the guys from my office were eating there at lunch and asked for some more naan bread - the server actually brought it over from another diners' table. And, although this wasn't my personal experience, a complaint was apparently raised against them regarding cockroaches on the wall above the buffet area.Okay, three stars because the food was tasty but that's about it. Considering the fact that Tandoori Times II is just diagonally across the way on the NE corner of Bell and 57th Ave, IMO it's simply not worth eating at this place anymore. TTII has great food and a better 'vibe' overall.
3	I've been going here for quite some time. I love their lunch buffet.  They make the best saag in town. I'll go just for the saag and a piece of naan. Its like butter.
1	Dirtiest Tablecloths in Phoenix area: At first the atmosphere is appealing, once you manage to get inside the non-broken door (are they EVER going to fix it?). The tablecloths at this place are simply disgusting. Plenty of stains, from overusage in the past and also sometimes fresh ones from the previous diners. Employees often have food stains on their white shirts, which I can't understand either. Overall, very dirty place.I managed to give the food a try anyway (don't ask why). Overall, very average for Indian Cuisine. The Naans were rather uninspiring, so stick to the paratha or poori. Vegetable Pakora is dry and chalky. Mint chutney is watery. To top it off, several of the menu items aren't available but they haven't changed the menu. They used to have a southern Indian chef who would make dosa. No more.
4	This is a great place; It is true that the choices for Indian are quite limited in the north and west valley.  This one still makes the cut.  We get take-out here at least twice a month and it is really good.As the earlier reviews said, the buffet should be avoided, but this is true of mostly all buffets.  There is simply no comparison between mass-market food sitting on steam tables and the dinner dishes prepared to order.It's a definite "must stop in" if you're on your way through or live in the west valley and you have a craving for Indian food.
5	Not the fanciest place, but the lunch buffet was excellent. I'll definitely go back to try dinner.
2	It's ok. Not a lot to say about it. Average food, average prices.
3	I like east Indian buffets and this was was one of those that i like, hence the three stars.It is hard to find a 5 star indian buffet.This buffet had your typical indian selections tandoori chicken ,lentils,curry chicken,mixed veggies that were real good and some ground lamb burger that was just ok. for desert i ate those cheese balls that most indian buffets have. I do not know why they call them that they are not cheesy at all,i call them monkey nuts. anyway this place is ok but not worth going out of the way for.
3	Restaurants that get the full spectrum of review ratings, from 1 star to 5 stars, are always tempting to try out, so Rand H., Mike C. and I decided to try the lunch buffet at this place. The restaurant is spacious, decor is unremarkable, service is efficient. The food selections for the buffet range from pretty good (such as the curried mixed vegetables) to pretty bland (such as the ground lamb dish). In all, the entrees and the desserts made for a satisfying but not spectacular meal.
1	Just the thought of this places makes nauseated. I would give no stars if I could. The tandoori chicken on the buffet tastes like the smell of feces. The chicken curry uses cheap cuts of meats. There was so much bone and cartlidge. For a good Indian buffet I would check out Indian Palace next to I17 and Bell.  That place is soooo much better.
2	I've had better elsewhere. However, there aren't a whole lot of cheap indian buffet places that I've seen around here. There weren't very many people during lunch rush, and only one patron was Indian, so either the food is not up to par or they didn't go that dayThe food was decent, not much selection, but the stuff I picked was tasty. They bring you naan which I liked, and I had a mango lassa, which I get every time I eat Indian buffet. I had the usual chicken tandoori, curry, basmati rice, and biryani. It was definitely filling, though a bit spicy for my taste. I'd prob go back if I was desperately craving indian food, and it's close to school so that's a plus
3	Service was faster than some of the other (but better) Indian restaurants I have been to in the area. The food was so-so. Nothing special. I enjoy spicy Indian food, but the "hot" was not. The only reason we ate there was the buy one get one free in the Phoenix area coupon book... no that, was a good value.
2	Went here Friday night for some yummy Indian food, and it was okay.  We ordered 3 dishes for 3 people and 2 orders of the garlic naan bread.  I thought it was fairly overpriced for what we got.  We paid $53 for everything, and they only gave us 1 order of the naan bread.  I remember this place being a lot better than it was.  I have never dined in, but I don't think I would want to.  It had an odd smell, and the tables were pretty dirty for being "clean".
2	Not the best Indian restaurant but it will do!
4	I have been here three times since moving to Peoria.  I agree with some of the reviews on here saying that it may be a bit overpriced.  I must say though, the service is great, it's never crowded, and the food is very yummy.  I haven't been to India Palace, it's a bit out of reach for my liking so I don't really have a proper comparison. But until I do, I will keep going to Maharaja for the delicious Bhindi Masala (Fried Okra dish) and the Chala Masala (Garbanzo Bean w/ Cumin dish)  not to mention the Garlic Naan
5	I LOVE this place! I've been here numerous times over the last 7 years and it's great every time!
5	I absolutely love the buffet here! Always consistent. Try everything! Garlic naan, chutney, curries, and always tika masala! I like that we can get in and out quickly for the lunch buffet!
5	We have been going to the Palace since late 2000, right after we moved to AZ.  The food is yummy but a little pricey, I hate paying extra for naan.  I guess I am spoiled, the place we used to go to in CA didn't charge.  I highly recommend the Lamb Pasanda Nawabi and the Shrimp Korma.  I like spicy but the wife doesn't so I end up getting both mild.  As for drinks, the mango lassi is also yum yum yummy and they have several imported beers from India.  I prefer the Taj Mahal Lager.    The service is great and they are never busy!  So, on a night when the snowbirds are clogging up all the other restaurants on Bell, Maharaja Palace is a welcome respite.
4	Being English I am a BIG fan of Indian food. IMO this is the best Indian restaurant in the N. Phoenix metro (and I have tried several). The staff are friendly and courteous and the food is better than most. Being as I like my food spicy, I like that you can choose the spice level when ordering.
3	The food is here has a few highlights at the buffet but is ultimately forgettable. The bread is very good, but the currys and masalas are very watery. It's not bad if you don't like the very spicy version of Indian food.
1	Terrible
4	really good neighborhood place. The lunch buffet is great, especially if you are unsure what to order. You can try a few different things. The tandoori chicken and tiki Marsala are incredible!
5	What can I say...Maharaja Palace was my midday getaway while living out in Phoenix, and I miss it dearly.  I visit as often as I can (up to three times a year, traveling from Hawaii) and when I do, I am always astounded by the flavors and array of choices this buffet provides.  The tiki marsala happens to be my favorite dish and I find the staff to be accomodating and attentive, especially when ensuring I've got enough na'an to sop up my plate's delightful curries.  I can't wait to return.  This is THE SPOT for Indian Food in the PHX Metro Area, hands down!
4	okay, so i haven't had that much Indian food and I am not a big fan of spicy food but this place was so good!  The garlic naan was like eating happiness and the korma was very good.  I hope to try the buffet soon so that I can experience different food.
5	Sooooo delicious! Great experience even if you're trying Indian food for the first time. The service was fantastic, and our server was very helpful and patient with the whole party.
4	didn't have any problems here first time being at a Indian restaurant and i enjoyed it
4	This is the 2nd time ive been in there and i will say that i havent had any problems with this place i like it will eat there again
5	I love this place so much. Yes, it smells like Indian spices when you walk in...but hey it is an Indian restaurant and it is the way it should smell!The owners are often working the dining room and are SO nice. Their service is attentive without being overbearing. At one point, my husband and I went so often they knew us by name!What here is good? let me tell ya...Spinach SaagBhegan BarthaChicken Masala Tandoori ChickenAppetizers (esp. the little chickpea fried fritters)Garlic Naanthe rice bryani dishesThese are my favs, though I have never had anything bad here. I personally prefer the dinner to the buffet, which is very good. I think the dinner food is just a smidge tastier though.  Will always be my go to place when I need an Indian food fix!!
4	We came in here for dinner and really enjoyed it. I've ordered masala's at other places and they haven't made them as spicy as I like them to be, but here I ordered spicy chicken masala and I received a flavorful hot, SPICY chicken masala. Staff was very friendly and attentive.P.S.I Love Indian Food! ;-)
5	This place has been one of my favorite indian food restaurants since 2002-2003.  Their food is excellent, and the service is great.  During lunchtime they have a buffet with tasty food as well.  (I've done it once or twice)I like this place because the prices are not outrageous, and the staff is not pretentious.  I love their indian flatbread too!
5	We've been coming here for about 8 years, and we love it!  This is by far the best Indian food restaurant I have eaten at in the US.  I try something different every trip, and the food is always fantastic.  The service is great as well, the place is warm and friendly and inexpensive.  Try the Indian plum wine...great stuff!
3	I continued my recent Indian food fixation today by revisiting an old haunt. During the few years I spent living in the West Valley our favorite Indian restaurant was Maharaja Palace. Back then I would have given it four or five stars. However, with so many new, great places opening in Tempe, Chandler and the surrounding area, I can only muster three in comparison.The place has never been much to look at, so I can't really fault it there. It is in a really old strip mall, and the interior reflects that. However, what I don't remember from before was the lack of choices. They only had about four or five main dish choices--a fraction of what the newer places are offering. The food was not as good as I remember either. For example, I've had some supremely awesome tandoori chicken lately, and Maharaja Palace was average at best compared to those; same with their chicken tikka masala--good, but not memorable. Service was decent as always. No complaints there. Price for the lunch buffet was $8.95.I don't get out west very often these days, so I cannot compare with what other restaurants are doing in the area. But to me, this was a disappointing visit. I want to mention that this place continues to appear in various "Best Of" lists--Arizona Republic's, for example, so your mileage may vary.
4	The wonderful fragrance wafted out in the parking lot at just the right time. I must admit, I'm hopelessly bowled over by Indian food. It is addicting to say the least.My companion and I were greeted cordially by the nice Sikh gent who owns the place. He did'nt get a chance to seat us or get a word in edgewise..sorry already know my food. We were at the buffet in a flash loading up several dishes and cups.The north Indian fare here is very tasty and well presented,the naan bread fresh and hot and the mango lassi tall and cool and rich with the distinct natural flavor of thatwonderful fruit.Note that despite all that overload, we did lick em clean and wash it all down with clean good tasting water,which isn't the case with a fair number of eateries. Aside from all this, the place was reasonably busy and quiet. The clean modest size had an openness to it and was well lit.The overall ambience was not over the top, but good, and we enjoyed the whole buffet experience. Have not done the dinner menu yet but glanced through it and does offer standard north Indian variety.Prices seem moderate for all the selection and is among the better places in the north valley, easy to find. Bring an appetite if you like to gorge yourself and if you don't you'll still get more than your money's worth in Q & Q. Bon Appetit!
4	This place was phenomenal! The food was fantastic. Amazing naan. Service was great too. My beverage was never empty. The menu was a little overwhelming. We finally decided on the chicken tiki masala, matar paneer and basamati rice. It was all perfect!
4	Best Indian food on the west side. They are always kind and attentive.Portions are pretty large too. I fell in love with the aloo gobhi and rice with garlic naan bread. Make sure you bring mints.
1	Worst place to go if you really want to eat and enjoy......bad food complimented with worst service possible in this world. Ambiance is ok ok kinds......only good thing is it is not one of those restaurants which looks like rat holes. Staff is not at all courteous.......and it looks like they don't know how to smile to your customers....looks like they are only paid to serve...not to treat their customers well.      We orders some dishes and 4 gobi paranthas.....they came back after 10 mins informing us that they are out of flour and so can serve only 3....we said okay.......but were shocked to hear such an excuse!! Anyhow...that was not the end....when they actually brought food, they told us that they don't even have a single so they chose for us to bring plain naan (not even asking us or apologizing)!!  Wait....that was not the end too!! When they brought the check...it was having an extra beer which we never ordered...and when I pointed this out to the owner...he behaved as if I had done a crime pointing this out....he said how can you blame us like this....we put only those things that we ordered...and refused pointblank to accept the mistake.Overall...a strict no no for this place.....
4	My wife and I ate here for our first time. We really liked the food. We had the Maharajah special. I wasn't a big fan of the desert, which we had both the rice pudding and the other one that is like donut holes in a sweet sauce.
2	I've been craving Indian food since I moved from Boston to Phoenix two months ago, and tonight I finally caved.  I got medium-spice chicken tikka masala from Maharaja Palace.  I will not be returning to this place (unless the other local Indian joints are even more disappointing).  The food was totally adequate, and the medium spice is fairly spicy, which I like, but the dish just lacked the richness I grew to expect in Boston.  That's not the real reason for my 2-star rating, though.  Chicken tikka masala plus rice--which they charge extra for--came to $16.42.  I'm giving the low rating because this is not good value for money.  I love Indian food--I really do--but let's acknowledge for a moment that a lot of Indian food--or at least this dish--is basically slop.  Slop that should be absolutely delicious.  This wasn't absolutely delicious, and it was expensive--and all the more so because of the slop factor.
2	My husband and I were out and about in Glendale, and after looking this place up on Yelp and seeing some of the first reviews saying things like "Best Indian food on he west side" and "our favorite Indian restaurant," we decided to give this a try since we both love Indian food. We were not impressed. My dish was just bad-- easily the worst Indian meal that I have ever had in my life. It tasted like there were no seasonings added (or at least not the right seasonings). It was just really really bland and not at all spicy. My husband thought his was okay (but said he would never go back), which is why I am rating this a 2 instead of a 1. The service was great, but the food was bad. I actually ate a few bites, asked for a to-go box, stopped by the store for spices and stuff to make a Masala sauce, and re-cooked my meal. The na'an is not like na'an that I have had anywhere else, and not in a good way. Na'an usually has a specific texture and flavor that separates it from other flatbreads. The na'an here was basically a thin pita bread-- very thick, dense, bread-y texture and zero flavor.
3	I've been to quite a few Indian buffets around the world in my lifetime.  I am being a little generous when I am giving this "palace" three stars.The selection is quite basic: saag, tandoori chicken, a dal curry, chicken masala, and some other options which probably aren't worth mentioning.  The Naan came a bit late and a choice between butter and garlic wasn't offered.The table settings were basic, with an attempt to be on the formal side but with napkins with shredded edges, a darkish interior, and diner-style booths.Overall, it was decent and the price was reasonable (I want to say that it was about $8/ person), but I'd only return if I were in the mood for Indian and in the immediate area.
2	Left my thoughts at the "Tip"; so sorry!I wouldn't eat there again. The 2 best Indian resturant I have ever had are in Kansas City in Rosa Zone & in Daytona Beach by the beach on Main Street.
1	My friend and I decided to have dinner here.  The food just awful and service was lacking.  We ordered the vegetable soup which had chunks of ginger, hardly any of veggies or lentils.  The worst part of the meal was the main dish we ordered the tandoori chicken sag it was mushy and the chicken was poor quality chewy and gristly.  My friend pointed this out to the waitress and she told her maybe it wasn't cooked and she would let the cook know and that was it. What kind of response is that?  We will definitely not be back.
2	Been here a few times at lunch time because it's close to work, has a buffet, and costs about $10.  It's ok. Not the worse, not the best. I personally prefer Indian Palace (on this side of town) for the money.  Nothing here was extremely tasty or very spicy (I like spice and spicy); it was palatable.  Staff is fast on refills of water which is always appreciated.
5	Midwestern student so I always pass by this place when I shop at Walmart. I stopped in gave it a try for the heck of it. It FAR exceeded my expectations! The tandoori chicken and chicken curry were both great. The garlic naan was awesome also. The staff was very friendly as well. I will be going there more often when I get a craving for some Indian food. I see some bad reviews which is surprising. I think most are about the buffet. I can't comment on that since I didn't try it but I'm not a buffet kinda guy anyway so it doesn't matter!
2	The quality has deteriorated immensely over the years. I used to love this place but the service and food have gone downhill.
5	I absolutely love this restaurant. Do yourself a favor and order the chicken biryani. You are welcome! Make sure you get some of the yogurt sauce to go with it. Trust me!The service here is always excellent. The tables are always neat and perfectly set every time I've come here. The staff is friendly and helpful. I have brought friends here and they've been just as impressed as I've been. It's not a crowded place, so it's great for get togethers with friends and family. You'll actually be able to hear each other. The food portions are rather large, so they're great for sharing, or keeping to yourself for lunch the next day. There really is nothing bad to say. It's an awesome restaurant!
4	WOW!  I'm shocked at the negative reviews regarding flavor, authenticity, wait and selection!I've eaten Indian food all over the US, and Arizona.  I find this to be one of the very best!Now, if you want to slam decor, I can't defend it.  If you want to talk about the odd service... I hear ya.But, overall, this is my family's favorite restaurant... And my 17 year old daughter is one who usually tries to find 'chicken tenders' on any menu at any restaurant.  She loves the chicken korma here - we all do!  And the birhyani... OUT OF THIS WORLD!Rating food alone - 5 Stars.  Reality check though.... service and decor have to take a hit.  Still, 4 stars is appropriate.
3	Food was tasty and fresh. Good buffet selection. Chicpea Masala and Garlic Naan are a must! Leave room for rice pudding. Very creamy.Waiter was slow and not attentive. Great price for service and selection.
3	I too am very shocked by negative reviews regarding flavor, authenticity, wait, and selection.It's a little dingy, my water glass was noticeably dirty, and I was told I couldn't order or eat food at the bar...The food itself was amazing! So much flavor. I got the Kahari chicken and it was sooo tender. The garlic naan was super thin and crispy with tons of garlic and flavor as well. They were on top of filling my waters as soon as I finished em. Lots of space, they set a nice ambiance, and the service was great. The food was out within 10 minutes or so of ordering and I've got a whole second meal to be eaten tomorrow. It was a bit pricey, but I notice that trend with Indian food generally.I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Glendale!~TheWaterGuy
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =Four and a half years after my last visit and Review of this Buffet I walked through the front door today and right into the Time Machine!!  My impressions of the place and the food were just about exactly the same, and it's even still the same price!THE BEST:*  Comfortable, friendly atmosphere.*  Nice booth seating, with tables and chairs available as well.*  Reasonably priced for an Indian Buffet.*  Good tasting recipes, especially for those who like their Indian food mild.  (It's suitable for kids.)*  Indian Buffet standards Chicken Tikki Masala and Tandoori Chicken were both  present and tasting just right!*  Lamb Kheema.  Yay lamb!*  Tasty Chana Masala (Chick Pea Soup)!*  Unusual and good Bhaji (white mushrooms in a creamy sauce)!*  Chai (flavored hot tea) was included and good!= = = = = =THE REST:*  Plain, dry Naan bread was served hot but blah tasting.  (I wasn't offered garlic flavored Naan.) *  Rather small Indian Buffet selection of about 16 items.*  Some of the hot dishes weren't up to proper temperature.= = = = = =SO,,,  It's exactly 3 Stars again for this "OK" $8.95 Indian Lunch Buffet.     :-)
4	Great food. The vegetarian options are great off the menu esp the chili naan and malai kofta. The buffet is not so great in terms of options.
3	The food was descent but it was seriously overpriced and they didn't give us any refills on our sodas. Service was okay but it took a long time for the food come out.
1	Came to have some buffet this afternoon and it's empty with a sign posted that This place is now closed permanently  :(
4	The buffet here was a very nice intro to Indian food.  Came with two ladies that also wanted to give Indian food a try.  We enjoyed the Gulab Jamun -- a sweet cheese ball made with cream of milk and scented light syrup.   I enjoyed the less spicy dishes.
