4	Good. Quite good. Not the best I have ever had. That goes to Pinkberry which is the holy grail of frozen yogurt and only available in London for now. Frisky is a close second. It's smooth and creamy and tastes very nice. I tried the original and the mango. Of the two I prefer the mango. Where it could be better is the tartness. Pinkberry rules because their frozen yogurt is so nicely tart along with creamy and smooth. The perfect foil for fresh fruit. Frisky does some nice fresh fruit too but they are a little stingy with it considering the price. That said, they cut it up for you to order so it is fresh. It's nice stuff. Give Frisky a try. Meanwhile, I still dream of Pinkberry...
3	Frozen yoghurt is a relatively new trend here in Edinburgh (and possibly the UK). Largely due to the fact that ice cream / frozen goods normally fit with a sunny summer. Most locals here have resigned themselves to the fact that the sun comes as and when it sees fit, on an average of 20% of the year; and so Frisky hasn't quite fitted into the 'summer' slot; but as a result, often sees itself busy any time of the year, from December 23rd to August 11th.Im not an ice cream girl. I'm far more a coffee and cake lady. But I really, really, really wanted to try Frisky. A vision of frozen yoghurt layered with fruit, chocolate, fudge sauce. A take-away sundae, with the slightly saintly undertone of it being "healthier than ice cream". I don't quite know how valid that is, but every little helps.So finally, I stopped by here one night after a very disappointing dinner that left me still wanting more. I opted for the plain yoghurt, with two toppings: strawberies and white chocolate chips, then the mango sauce. You can choose whatever combinatio you want, and there are a LOT of choices! I think the success of a delicious Frisky treat will be based on many repeat visits and trialing out what you like till you find your winning combo. In hindsight, I should have just indulged my inner chocoholic and gone for something like fudge sauce.The natural flavour is actually very, very bland. Not much taste at all. Whilst the chocolate flavour yoghurt was incredibly coco-y, even more so than ice cream.A generous portion that went down relatively easily, I'm glad I had the mango sauce to give the yoghurt flavour. It was sweet, and simple, and did the trick. And I will come back when I want some fro-yo on the go. Simple as that.
5	I love Froyo in the summer but now that it's chilyl thank goodness they are doing BUBBLE TEA! This morning I tried the yummy Classic with Tapioca -  it's served hot and milky and it was delicious. Haven't had bubble tea since I lived In Toronto so this is a welcome addition to the Old Town.
3	I was really excited when I saw this place because I am a huge fro yo fan but this place was just not that great. Maybe it's because I'm accustomed to fro yo places with numerous flavors and toppings but I found this place to be quite mediocre. When I went they only had three yogurts to choose from (vanilla, chocolate, and mango) and not that many toppings. Also, they were quite sparse with the toppings when I went. Overall this place is not bad to fulfill a fro yo craving but it could be much better with more variety in my opinion.
3	Nice short simple review. They sell frozen yogurt and recently bubble tea which I need to try. You get to pick a bunch of goodies and presto! You have a nice simple healthier desert. Great place to go after some spicy food such as a meal at Nandos just up the street. This is my desert place of choice and if you are on a diet and need a little reward go here and have the fro-yo because it is healthier for you.
