3	I'm not really sure how to go about this review. My nails look great and a full set here is $25. They do hand-painted french manicures which turn out really nice. $5 extra per polish color. I'm going to also say that this salon isn't for everyone. There are no peaceful water fountains and no soothing music. Actually, the only music playing during my visit was "Drunk in Love" by Beyonce from the Grammy's via laptop. (although I'm sure everyone can admit that performance was hotttt. I didn't mind watching it again)I was in & out in a half hour, 35minutes and Kim did a very nice job on my nails- I would personally recommend Kim. The other nail lady was texting while working on someone's nails. Even though the girl was only 10, she might make that a habit. Oh no no no. I stopped in because I always ask my (only 3) friends in Pittsburgh where they go to get their nails done, and they all have answered "Nails Today on the North Side"Again, this salon is not for everyone. However, if you're pressed for time, money (a quick $30 & you're good to go) and can handle the (sometimes loud) clientele, try them out.
4	This place is great! The wait, pushy counter person, and unattended children are an easy overlook when I finally leave with the best fill and nail art I've ever had! Lisa was super quick, had me drying in less than 15 minutes of sitting down in her chair! I found the nail art I wanted (she copied it perfectly, by the way) on pintrest, but just as I sat down, my phone died. She pulled out her charger, AND CHARGED MY PHONE. Where else has anyone done this? Nowhere. Lisa actually made conversation, and she was easy to understand. I will be back in two weeks for another fill! Just a heads up, go early, if you can, as it gets closer to close, more and more people line up. :) it's so worth the wait, though!!
4	It's hard to beat a mani pedi for $35. I wished they were open later than 6:30. Just don't inspect the salon too thoroughly. Service was quick and satisfactory. I will likely return.
