1	French restaurants are supposed to be a little stuffy, and attitude is the name of the game.  But you usually get superb food and the unfriendly atmosphere just becomes part of the experience.  Not here my friend... the food is very mediocre and when you pay top dollar for it, something is definitely wrong.  I ordered the bouillabaisse (about $30) and was disgusted when several of the mussels were rancid.  The other fish and seafood in the dish tasted like they had been in the freezer too long.  I'd like to say it deserves a second chance, but rude staff and stale food at high prices don't mix well.  Consistency in the restaurant business means everything, and this place doesn't seem to have it.
4	Husband secretly got reservations here and surprised me with a "date." Well played, Husband. Really enjoyed the experience here. The ambiance is very cozy - neutral tones, candlelight, live guitar and piano - tres romantique. The wine prices were very reasonable, which was a nice surprise at a French restaurant. We split the escargot and onion soup to start. The escargot was very good, as was the soup. Husband had the beef bourguignon, which was excellent. I had the coq au vin. It was not the best coq au vin I have had, but it was very tasty and tender. Both were served over mashed potatoes, which, though not traditional, made for a nice presentation. For dessert we had the creme brulee. This dish was not impressive. It was underdone and still a bit cool and watery. This was a bit surprising as creme brulee is the sort of dish that can be made in advance and them caramelized at the last minute. A few more minutes under the pastry torch would have done worlds of good. Overall, though, this place was very good. For French cuisine it is fairly reasonable. The service was very attentive and nothing about the place was stuffy or fussy. A great place for a date.
3	After they turned up the super dim lights and we were able to see the menu, it was great.  The single waitress, Mary,  was a little over-run, but they managed to keep it together.  I love French food but am by no means an expert French foodie.  I was very pleased and wish I'd left room for dessert.  Pretty, luxe setting in a strip mall that GPS had a bit of trouble locating because it needed an update for this new area of town, but very good.  Would definitely visit again.
4	Enjoyed our lunch here today. We tried the French Dip - which was shaved prime of beef and melted Gruyere cheese on a French Baguette served with Au jus and Pommes Frites as well as the Chicken Sandwich which was made up of sauteed onions, peppers, mushrooms and tomatoes topped with melted Gruyere Cheese and also served with Pommes Frites. Both were wonderful and the warm bread served with garlic butter on the side was also very tasty. The staff were very friendly and attentive and our iced teas remained topped up. We sat out on the patio which overlooks a little courtyard....a nice peaceful place. The prices were also very reasonable.
4	To update the Fish and Chips are delectable as is the Corned Beef Sandwich. The fish was the sweetest most tastiest Cod I have ever tasted and the Corned Beef was cooked to perfection and complimented by the extremely flavorful caramelized onions mixed with melted swiss cheese. Due to a dental appointment right afterwards (not well thought out and had to hurry home to brush!!) we had to skip dessert but definitely next time as it is a very good looking dessert menu! Once again the staff were wonderful.
4	Just ate here last night with the in laws and my man for his birthday. Understandably, the the dead of summer in Scottsdale, at 8 pm, the restaurant was dead. Yet, the maitre d and the waitress were MORE than hospitable and treated us like real guests. The restaurant is BEAUTIFUL! A perfect place for a romantic dinner or even an intimate party. It was late, so we skipped the appetizers. I ordered the vealm oscar, my mom in law the house special, rack of lamb, my pa in law, the duck l'orange, and my man, the fuits de mer. All of if was sensational. yet, to me, the serivce trumped it all. They even gave us some amazing creme brulee to sing happy birthday with! Definetly going to be frequenting here again!
4	We had never been here before but tried it.  We're now loyal customers!  From what I understand, the restaurant was taken over by new owners in February 2010; I don't know what the menu and atmosphere were like before (from some of the reviews back in 2006 I'm going to say not great), but it's FIRST-RATE now!  It's not stuffy or pretentious at all; the waiter was friendly and outgoing, as was the executive chef, who served us our bread and checked in a couple times throughout the meal.First, a very pretty, relaxing atmosphere, including a piano tucked in the corner (live music starts up again September 15th).  I had the "Fruits de Mur Aux Gratin" and it was fabulous!  Very rich and delicious.  My fiance had the lamb shank and it was equally as good. We also shared the fried calamari as an appetizer, and were not disappointed.  The restaurant wasn't crowded at all, which is beyond me because I think this place was exceptional, and very fairly priced for the caliber of food and service we received.  Maybe a throwback of previous owners? Or not quite season yet?  Either way, I say GO TRY THIS PLACE and tell your friends.  It's a jewel in North Scottsdale and a must-visit place!
5	Strip mall restaurant which is how they do good restaurants in Arizona and a great alternative to mastro in the same complex. If you want quantity, and noise you can go to there..if you want a steak grilled to perfection, quality service, wine and authentic french meals you go to provance. I went with three of my family members and by the end of it we were having a laugh with the owner who comes by to chat and make sure everyone are enjoying themselves. There is already reservations for some of our party to go again next week. Tell your friends tell your family it's good food in N Scottsdale
5	I chose this place because of the 100% rating on urbanspoon.com & the proximity to the hotel my family was staying at. We were absolutely blown away. Don't let the location of a strip mall deter you from this place. The food is absolutely perfect. I had the bouillabaisse while my 2 table mates had steak. Each dish was prepared perfectly. The service was also some of the best service we have ever had at any restaurant. The waitress was so attentive & detail oriented. I never had to ask for anything, she always knew exactly what I needed. My water & iced tea was never below halfway. At the end of the meal, the owner/chef came out to greet us & that was such a nice gesture. We were so happy to compliment him & his restaurant. My visiting family even said that they would gladly come back to this place on their next visit. This place is so great & you just need to go visit it!
3	I do like this place. I just found it a bit hard to really sink my teeth into. The menu is an array of chicken and steak, with a duck and lamb dish. Decent wine selection, but nothing to get excited about. The place just comes around as a little too generic. It's not really French, not New American, just 'Bistro'. If you are looking for a quiet classy dinner in your neighborhood, it will likely do the trick. I just don't see it as a place you would brag about to your friends.
4	Happy hour experience was very good.  Great price on wine specials ($5/glass), half off appetizers, and amazingly professional & friendly service at the bar.  Portabello app was delicious, and it was a good value.  Nice atmosphere with no riff-raff demographic that is rare these days.  Can't comment on full meals or the French aspect.
4	A great place for a date night.  I don't normally appreciate it when a restaurant charges  a split plate fee, but this was actually worth the charge.  We started with the cheese plate, very good, but the server wasn't as knowledgeable as I like.  Maybe I ask too many questions, but I expect them to know not just the type of cheese, but where it's from, what kind animal the milk came from and if it's pasteurized or not.  And she did not.  Next was the lobster bisque for me and a salad for my hubby.  Both good, we shared a steak which is when we got charged the split plate fee, but the servings we each got we're larger than expected and I didn't feel irked by the up charge.
5	Great service great food..it will be a must do again
5	I like this restaurant. It is friendly and very family - like. The waiters all treat you well. The menu and the Chef is 5 star phenomenal! Ive never had a bad meal there. I redommend this place because they are very accommodating to you. Lets say you just want pasta with plain fattucine sauce, the chef makes it. I do not think you will regret this place. zBut, i do think this place may be a better lunch place for you first time.
4	The location is kind of like a hidden gem type of sorts.  The main entrance is in the back atrium of the strip mall with good scenery of passerbys and neighboring restaurants.  I'm definately going to check this place out for the happy hour $5 glasses of vino and 1/.2 apps is a deal that can't be beat.  The food is pretty good and the presentation is pretty right on.  The feel of the restaurant initally is date night feel while lunch is more relaxed and laid back.  Nery has always been there to greet us and the support staff/server has been always very coridal.  I've only stopped in twice but I'll definately be back for more.  I've ordered the fish special both days and the balance for a light yet hearty dish has hit the spot everytime.  The homemade bread is AMAZING.  It is a biased opinion only because the bread smells, tastes and presents like the bread I'd make with my grandmama.  Totally good stuff.  I'll be back again and again!
3	This was our first visit as part of Restaurant Week. We had the $30 special menu. Service was good, the food was OK but bland. It's worth a second visit to try the regular menu.
4	Was a little skeptical walking in because there was no one in there, but what a find it turned out to be! Now, this is not a cheap place to eat, but I've rarely found a good French restaurant that's easy on the wallet.This was a really good meal, and I never knew this place existed even though we live 5 miles away. We had the escargot, cream of asparagus soup, filet, and bouillabaisse. Get the Decoy Cabernet, to go with your filet, and then I highly recommend the bananas foster for dessert. Yum! Great service too.
2	NOT WORTH THE MONEYI went to this restaurant for the first time during Fall 2012 Restaurant Week.  I LOVE french food, and loved the idea of a $30 pre fixe menu to try all 3 courses at a new restaurant.  Let's just say this restaurants quality and value ($$) are not aligned correctly.  Our appetizers were good.  Then our entrees were served.  Definitely not the best Coq Au Vin I've had, and my husbands Filet Mignon was quite awful.  It was tough, which for being cooked medium is crazy, and his mashed potatoes were actually cold.  Finally, our dessert, flour-less chocolate cake was such a waste.  It was cold and fudgy (but not in a good way).  Would have liked it to be more like normal flour-less cake that is usually warm, light and fluffy (kind of like a simple version of souffle).  If we had paid $35 total for the whole meal, i would have said 3-4 stars, but since we paid close to $80 with tax and tip, I can safely say i will never be back or recommend them.  I can only be glad that I did not go on a regular evening and pay full price for everything.  The ambiance was not that great, but i guess i shouldn't have expected anything better since it is in a strip mall.  My recommendation to the restaurant: improve your quality or lower your prices.Don't bother with this place.  There are much better french restaurants in Phoenix.
4	The food is excellent, the wait staff is efficient, the place is dull.  Don't go for the vibe.  It's really, really dull.
