4	Being from Philadelphia I know what a cheese steak is supposed to look, smell and taste like, these are pretty close.  Would like to see an American cheese option for the steaks, they put a thin cheese sauce (possibly watered down cheese wiz) but it doesn't help the sandwich.  The sandwich is a good size and for $7.00 the price is good also.  They did mess up someone's order though because when I got home I noticed that I had an extra steak in my bag and it was marked with a different order #.Now if they could get a supply of Tastykakes i'd be all set
1	Just tried to place an order and these jokers dont have a menu online. Its hard to give you money if you wont let me!
1	I don't care how good your pizza is....when you tape ads to my front door right next to the "No Soliciting" sign.....you get one star.....and you don't get my business. If previous reviews are any indication, doesn't look like I'm missing much but some disappointment.
1	My wife and I want to Geno's because our usual (and favorite place) Venezia's was packed.  To be honest, we should have waited at Venezia's.We each had a slice and split the Greek Salad.  The pizza was horrible, reminded me school lunch pizza.  The dough at Geno's tasted frozen and looked unappetizing when I lifted up to look at the bottom.  We will not be back and wouldn't recommend this place to others.
1	The service was terrible. The counter help couldn't be bothered. I am from back east and a bit of a sub snob but this place doesn't even come close to good for az standards.
5	Great please to get pizza.  Decent prices and great food. For 24 bucks you get 2 large 1 topping pizza and 20 wings bone in or bone less what an awesome deal anywhere else your paying almost 40 bucks for something like that. And the staff is very nice on the phone and they had the pizza to my house I would say with in 25 mins and was told 45minutes which is awesome for a Saturday night.
2	The pizza is pretty good especially since it's only $5.00 for a large. We have ordered from them a few times but the last few months when we called in for delivery the delivery time is always over an hour to two hour wait time. I can understand being busy and a 45 min time frame, but anything that is over an hour wait is ridiculous.
