5	Great great service, I dropped my Wii off on a Wednesday morning at their shop in Las Vegas and was able to pick it up the same day. David and Eric and the whole staff at Video Game Repair were extremely knowledgeable about Xbox, Wii, Ps3, Iphones basically everything it was quite shocking. They definitely were a bright bunch that truly cared about helping their customers, and I will definitely be recommending all my friends to their shop. A+++
5	I've known about this place for...several years now.  I drive past it every morning on the way to work.  I've never had any reason to inquire about their services, though, until recently. I have a launch model PS3 that has been a complete tank.  Even with all of the issues the launch model seemed to have a couple years after release, mine kept trucking along.  That is, of course, until I decided that my brother wanted to play through Fallout 3 again. Apparently, he had JUST gotten the ant perception perk when...everything froze and he got the dreaded death knell/yellow light combo. Instead of selling the unit as-is and moseying to a different model, I managed to get Dave on the horn here at AVGR and brought my console in on Halloween.  Trick or treat indeed.  While out with the crotch-fruit for some candy harvesting, I got a call saying "Found the problem (Solder bridge finally fell apart, needed a reflow) - Want me to fix it?"  Yes.  Yes I do.  "Cool, it'll be ready tomorrow." (Paraphrased, of course)Saturday rolls up and I feel like a kid waiting for Xmas morning, checking my phone every 2 minutes it seems.  Finally, it rang.  "Come and get it!"  And I did.  Picked it up, got some handy advice, chatted a bit about stressful work environments, fast food assembly lines, and I was on my way!Now, look.  Yeah, these kinds of things can be kind of expensive.  You're talking about disassembling a special piece of hardware, applying the correct amount of heat to a specific area, allowing the points to reconnect, reassembling the hardware, and then stress testing it to make sure that it works.  I consider it money well spent on an essentially complex procedure (for the layperson, anyhow).  Much less expensive than either A. Buying a new console, B. Shipping it to Sony for them to just send me back a different model, or C. Shipping it off to some other repair-place and waiting for weeks to get it back.  ESPECIALLY considering they offer ***FREE ESTIMATE/FREE DIAGNOSTIC SERVICE*** to figure out what the problem is (some places I'd seen charge $30~ just to look at your stuff on top of the repair itself).With the rapid turn-around, the no-nonsense dealing with the techs, and ease of the whole process...  I can't say enough good things about these guys.  If your console (or TV...or PC/Laptop - They do those, too!) decides to crap out on you, do yourself a favor and hit up AVGR.  You'll be glad you did.
5	Awesome repair business.  They are friendly and do what they say with a smile. I had two ps3's for them to fix and it only took a day to fix and if they can't fix it they won't charge you. Also before they repair it they take a look at it and call you to tell you what's wrong with it and give you an estimate and you decide if you can afford it.  They are very knowledgeable and know what they are doing. I did a lot of research on line for a repair shop and I am glad I chose here. My kids were so happy the got their ps3 back so fast.
