1	Theyre the worst, crappy buch of old men that wrk here with bad attitudes...half off fraps may 6-15! Good deal...the new frap is great
3	Nothing special about this place.  Prefer local coffee houses.
3	Like Raj mentioned, nothing special about this location, however, I was greeted promptly and my drink was prepared in record time. When I'm in the area, I'll be back!
4	This starbucks is legit. Don't let the small size of this establishment fool you. I got here at 9PM and I had no idea they actually closes at 9 as the lady was so friendly and asking me how my Friday was and patiently took my order! I happened to asked her when they closes out of curiosity and I was told at 9. But she assured me that it was no problem and that most starbucks stays open 15 minutes past the closing time. This starbucks can feel a bit angular with the shape of the store and the seating arrangement, but that actually does not bother me and it seems to offer more privacy for studying needs! Bathrooms are very clean and well maintained. It also has a good 3-4 tables for outdoor seating, which is perfect for the summer time. After your meal at hawthorne's pizza or after a hectic grocery shopping trip at the harris teeter next door, why not come grab a refreshing drink? Also, the wifi here works like wonders, no problem whatsoever with speed or sign in.
2	Not a big Starbucks fan, don't go often, but usually have friendly staff. This was an exception. The young man that was making the beverages was grumpy at best both with me and the other young man working. The drinks were fine but not used to this type of attitude.
2	Went in with my son for a coffee and quick bite at around 9:30am. The cashier forgot that we had ordered a hot sandwich and I had to remind her to get it started. It wasn't busy at all, we were the only people in line! I don't think she said two words to us while taking our order. I basically could have used one of those iPad ordering tablets like Panera is using for all the good the cashier did. Totally not helpful!! I ordered a danish and a croissant which she did not offer to warm up, she did not ask my name for the order or even look at us while we were ordering. Basically a super bad experience compared to other Starbucks in Charlotte.
