5	A big part of any wireless provider is the customer service. I recently switched to AT&T and ran into a snafu right out of the gate--so I crossed my fingers and headed to this store. Walking in the door, I was greeted by a handful of friendly employees eager to help me. A family came in while I was being served and they were treated just as well. Within 5 minutes, I was in and out, my problem was solved, and the employees had answered a couple additional questions I had. Definitely an improvement over the clueless stoners at Big Magenta Phone Corp, and it definitely started our relationship off on the right foot.
1	I work in customer service for a living. I eat, breathe and dream it. One of the hardest things is when someone walks in around oh....10 or 15 minutes before you are about to close your door. What can you do. I force one more smile and treat them as if they are the first customer of the day. That's the industry I'm in. Last night I went into AT&T about 15-20 minutes before 7 knowing exactly what I wanted and ready to leave with a new phone. I don't think this sales guy could have been more dissapointed that we were there. I had a couple of questions that he couldn't answer as if I was speaking Russian. I literally had to ask my friend to disect and explain my questions for me so that he could understand them. Anyway, the worst part is they locked us in and when I asked my friend to please grab my water from the car, they wouldn't let us!!! They said if we leave, we can't come back in! It's an "auditing" thing is how the manager explained it. And by "explain" I mean her snippy rude response to my question "Uh...we need to get OUT please?" So you're telling me, rather than sell one more phone to a new customer tonight-which is the very reason you come to work every day-you'd rather close at 7pm. Obviously we left. They unlocked the door luckily. And I got a drink of water and no new phone. Weirdest display of company policy I have ever seen.
5	This review is for my most recent experience. I called ahead yesterday to make sure the new phone I wanted to pick up was available. I spoke to Brittany she said they had it in stock, and told me to ask for her when I arrive, so I headed down on my way. On my way down I called AT&T to make sure I was eligible for an upgrade, and I was:-). Upon arriving I asked for Brittany, she helped me immediately and had the phone ready right away. Everything was done and switched over within 15 minutes. I purchase a new phone about once a year, and this was the easiest and most pleasant phone buying experience I've had in a long time.
1	Wow... You guys have OFFICIALLY hit a new low! First, you pulled a massively sneaky pete by tricking my fiance into a 2 year contract by offering a $100 promotion (and of course, forgetting to mention that accepting the promotion would mean a contract), then, after visiting the store, and calling several times to speak with your utterly incompetent reps, he finally managed to get the account canceled - double and triple checking that everything was completely paid. Now, mysteriously, several months later, we get a call from a COLLECTIONS agency stating that we owe AT&T money. When we called you guys to find out what the hell was going on - your unfortunate excuses for reps A. Couldn't find the account, and B. Upon finding the account didn't have any good excuses or reasons for not notifying us of an outstanding balance (especially since we made more than enough efforts to make sure that everything was 100% taken care of). Not only did we get a major attitude from not only your reps, but the sassy "supervisor", but now we're also having to deal with some collection agency to get this taken care of. PLEASE SPARE YOURSELF THE HEADACHE AND NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH AT&T!!!!
1	Went to this AT&T store to sign a new two year contract and upgrade our phones. We have been on a family share plan since 2010.  We spoke with Juan and he was not happy to help us.  He did not explain the different plans very well. When I asked Juan why AT&T does not offer unlimited data plans anymore he told us it was because "people like me watch videos and play games all day and people like Juan can't check their email due to the high demand of 4G usage".  After he said that we got up and left. After almost five years we are leaving AT&T. We are continuing to shop now for a new phone carrier.  T-Mobile has some pretty sweet deals right now....  If your thinking of going with AT&T, save yourself the hassle and go with a different carrier.
5	Just upgraded at this store to the iPhone 6 & 6 Plus today. We were greeted promptly and were with a sales rep within a few minutes. Our sales rep, Earl, did a great job helping us from start to finish. We were able to get a decent deal on a new plan, with more data. Will definitely be back to this store with any other needs for AT&T!
