4	I absolutely love Ann Taylor's clothing! The store is clean, spacious & surprisingly neat. There were a lot of great deals (up to 60% off) after Christmas!My only complaint, they need to get more people on the floor to assist customers.
4	I don't go to this one as much as the one at Premium Outlets, but the last time (Dec. '10) I found a pretty red toggle wool coat that my husband bought for me for my last birthday (last month). It was an additional 40% off the clearance price so it was a huge bargain, considering that the regular price of the coat was well over $169. It's funny that I didn't see the same coat at my favorite store location (see, all the more reason, to check out more locations of your favorite store, 'cause you never know). The other store has more blazer type jackets (suit separates). This one had a much better selection of outerwear. This store has floors (vs. carpet @ Premium) and is a little more spacious (the racks are spaced out more) than the one at Premium Outlets. It's almost located at the corner of the indoor outlet mall, kitty corner from Burlington Brands (the corner). Lots of inventory (ie. career clothing for the classic-styled woman) including clearance racks towards the middle back end of the store (facing the store from the entrance). Like the other one, one section for Petite and another section for regular Misses.Worth checking out if you are shopping at this outlet mall.
5	I love this outlet store!!! It's huge, featuring Ann Taylor Loft (the sportier, younger version of the popular Ann Taylor branding) there are lots of deals and steals, especially in the clearance section, back left of the store, and there are lots of friendly staff on the floor- they'll offer up bags and starting dressing rooms for you as well as tell you about the current promotions- extra percentage off the marked prices. I did not intend to purchase anything as I already picked up a few things yesterday morning, but when I saw the clearance section, I spotted so many cute dresses (I love dresses, in case you don't know me by now, or have not read my reviews in the past, I wear dresses to work during Spring and Summer; I'm a dress addict). Of course, I had to decide between two dresses, but one fit me like a glove, so I got the black and white one, which was marked $24.99. Even the lady helping me, told me that it looked really good on me and suggested pearls or the jewelry that was on sale, but I told her that I didn't need any more jewelry. On second thought, I might snag that other dress that I liked, sometime in the next couple weeks- it was super cute and hard to pass up at $19.99! The fitting rooms are to the back right of the store. My husband sat in the single chair, which he dubbed, "oh that's where the husbands will sit, waiting for their wives." It didn't take me long to show him my selections.   I want gift cards to this store- that's how much I love it!!! The styles are very cute and on par with Banana Republic, and there are so many different colors, styles, and price ranges- all affordable work attire, which I adore. I like classic and somewhat trendy but not young-teenage-trendy, so somewhere in the middle. The sizing is a little bit bigger, for example, the dresses I tried on were X-Small and Small (I typically wear a size 8 dress in womens). I thought it was worth mentioning. The signs are visible and clearly indicate the extra savings (woo hoo!). The mannequins and displays are nicely spaced, as this is a large store, so it does not feel cramped at all. Good use of space, good amount of clothing on the floor. This store is located in the new part- the front of the outlet center facing Las Vegas Boulevard. Since we walked the bulk of the interior of the center, we went to one end, and then to the front of the center, and back to where we parked (the other side where we started).
4	I have been shopping at this store for a few years now and I really like it. Its a huge store with some amazing stuff. On my most recent visit I came in looking for spring dresses. They have such cute dresses in for spring.I had my little one with me so I just picked a few things and bought them & would return any that didnt work out.Well I had 1 item to return so I came back a day later. The sales girl was very helpful and the return went smoothly. I hate it when they ask a bunch of questions.But she was not like that all. Very polite.I look forward to coming back in a couple weeks to see if any of the other dresses I liked go on sale. They have great sales all the time here. I picked up a few tops that were already marked 40%off and they were an additional 40% off.Love that!!
5	Love this store. If you pay full price for something it's because you couldn't wait for a sale. There have only been a few times when I didn't find something for less 40 % off. If you go back often and buy out of season, you will always be happy.
