3	There is nothing more uncomfortable than sitting in a comedy club and listening to a 'comedian' laying in to a member of the crowd trying to raise some sort of smile from the rest of the audience. I always wince a little when I hear a comedian ask if there is anyone from the States in the audience for this very reason- no doubt what's coming is a uninspired rant about American politics and George Bush as though it's the poor tourists fault for the war in Iraq! Last time I visited the Stand this exact scene was played before my eyes. Egged on by a Stag party I watched a comedian blame two poor American girls for every problem from obesity and McDonalds to war and the oil crisis. During the break in the show at least 15 of us walked out. Too awkward for words! This experience is quite typical of the Stand. Often you watch a really hysterical piece one week and then the next it's bitterly disappointing. My advice would be to do your research before you visit and check out the website to see whose performing. Some acts are just not worth the torture!
4	The Stand Comedy Club is great fun. Well fun if you are lucky enough to get a decent comic and perhaps not so fun if you get picked on. My friend is a white guy, with a giant Afro. Throughout the years I have become accustomed to the fact that people are amazed by it and like to point at it or touch it. Sometimes I imagine this is what it would be like to walk down the street with Lady Gaga. So he was a prime target for the comedians who made him stand up and showcase his hair. I quite enjoy the pick on the crowd moment of the comedians set, but maybe that is because I am a heartless bitch who has never been picked on. Anyway, so at The Stand you can have a night full of laughs or maybe only a few. I think it depends on the type of humour you like whether you will enjoy someones set or not. It's worth a trip because you might come across the next big thing, or you might just get that awkward atmosphere where the comedian is totally bombing.
5	Just got one more thing to add. If you talk nice to the sound guy, he'll fill you in on who's playing over the next few weeks, specifically if they're are any secret acts playing. Frankie Boyle has stopped by 3 times to my knowledge without telling anyone, but the venue always has notice!
4	I go to a bunch of improv and comedy shows in NYC, and I've never really worked those into my travelling before.  But my friend and I decided to go to Edinburgh for Hogmanay this past new year's and we weren't into blowing money on castles and tours.  We figured we should do something someone who lives in Edinburgh would do, and since these people actually speak our language (as opposed to most of the countries I travel to), why not go to a comedy show?  We proceeded to look for something.  I forget where we finally found this place, but I think our hotel had some local papers and I was just skimming through for the hell of it.  Improv show for lunch?  For a few quid?  Sure, why not.  Even though I was a bit skeptical of how great this show would be, and whether we would even get the humor (if everything ended up being inside jokes for Scots, we'd be bored), we go anyway since it was dirt cheap.The bartenders at the bar were quite nice.  We asked them a few questions about Hogmanay and whatnot and they were friendly while chatting with us.  The show was also pretty darn funny much to our surprise.  Jokes with a Scottish accent are also more palatable if they end up flat.  That's good to know.  The two-man show was great and we were very glad to have caught it while we were there.  I'm sure I'll visit Edinburgh a third time soon, and I'll definitely be back.
5	I thought I would never laugh so hard in my life as when I heard Billy Connolly's joke about a prank phone call when I was fifteen.  I was wrong.  I came here at the end of my first year and some of the acts which came on had me howling.  Most of them are students in Edinburgh or locals who want to try some material on a relatively small audience.  I've been on two Monday nights and both times I've got pretty merry and drunk from the cheap drinks and, importantly, laughed my head off.  Some of the guys (all of the ones I saw were men) are truly hilarious and, like all good comedians, can transform the mundane into the side-splittingly funny.This is a great, cheap venue which deserves credit for giving lesser known and talented individuals the chance to to demonstrate just how funny they are.
5	If you enjoy stand up comedy, including seeing up and coming talent, as well as good pub grub food and an intimate atmosphere then the Stand is an excellent option for a night out!I've been a few times and have not been disappointed yet! Shows usually start at 9pm with doors opening at 7pm. It is a small club and tables/seating are limited so if you are like me and enjoy having a seat, it's best to get there at 7pm as it will be packed, especially on a weekend!There is a decent selection of drinks and they are reasonably priced so everyone should be able to find something they like! While I've only had the nachos from their food selection, they were amazing! If you get the chilli nachos you get a generous portion that you most likely will want to share with someone else! The shows themselves feature a compare and usually 4-5 comedians with a main headline act. Sometimes one or two of the acts will be a dud but that's to be expected! The times I've been 90% of the acts have been quite entertaining. There are usually at least two intermissions for a toilet break and a refill or two. The staff are quite efficient and the atmosphere can't be beat for an intimate comedy experience. Far better than Highlights if you are looking for a good comedy night out and are not on a stag or hen do!
5	The Stand is how I like it, dark, full of posters to stare at when the conversation ebbs, and comic entertainment to the max. On Sunday afternoons there is a free comedy show to go and stuff your face full of nachos (vegetarian and meat hurrah) and have a few giggles on the way. Haven't visited any of the evening shows yet, but it looks pretty busy so get there early and get ready to enjoy!
4	Huge fan of The Stand in Glasgow and of live comedy in general, so it's a curious addition to my Yelping to write a review of my first visit to this place.Even smaller than the one in Glasgow, to my surprise, it is well situated next to the bus station, with the same intimate atmosphere you come to expect from the brand.Decent bar, for the size, with prompt service and a great buzz in general. It can get a bit cramped of course, where it's advised to get down early for gigs if you're not a fan of standing..
3	Aside from the fact that we came late and all the seats were taken so we had to stand in the back the entire time - some of the act were actually pretty funny. I think we came on amateur night, so I wasn't expecting Robin Williams golf joke caliber or anything, but I found myself laughing a lot.
3	hmm not sure what to say about this place.  if i was reviewing on just the shows i've seen here, this would probably be more like a four star or even five review but as to the venue itself i'm less impressed.i've seen stephen k amos twice and lucy porter as well during the fringe festival both at different stand venues.  lucy porter was in the main venue which is also open year round.  the place was, well, A-OK but nothing more.  it was dark and there aren't really seats, just stools which if you're (apparently) old and cranky like me you get a sore back sitting there for a long period of time.  it's also small, the people in the front are practicualy sat on top of the person performing and i also found the floor a bit sticky...so ew.stephen k amos performed in one of the extended stand venues across the street.  this was in the basement of a hotel and i have to say i found this room much more decent than the actual stand club.  yes it's still dark, but you get proper chairs and no sticky floors.  you're still close to the comedian performing but not on top of them.  my only compliant is that it's so hot!!!!  i know this is a problem throughout fringe venues in edinburgh though, so unfortunately it doesn't seem there can be much done.overall though, the stand club attracts so really excellent shows!  i laughed til i cried during stephen k amos (both times!) and found lucy porter both funny and endearing.  there are loads of other shows during the year and i know a number of big comedians made their start here (including kevin bridges!).  so for the talent and quaity of the shows this place is great, but for the less than desirable atmosphere and sticky floor it's going to have to get an A-OK rating.
3	When they tell you to get there at 7pm even though the show starts at 9pm, you go. The place gets packed... like super duper packed... I sat there almost at the front looking for the fire exits and wondering how many people I would have to shove to get to one. Our friend ran across the street from our hotel to get tickets, but instead had to call a number and buy them over the phone... even though she could hear the lady inside talking to her. They also have a Heckling Deposit: ten pounds a person in your party and you also get thrown out. I think it's more of a Good Behaviour Deposit. Since we were having dinner there, we had to eat in shifts. There were four of us to a table and they're really small. Ordering is at the bar, you tell them your table and then they bring you your food pretty fast. Our friends ordered the nachos and then some mains, so they had to have an extra tray on their laps for all the food.  I thought the food was good. I heard dismal things about the nachos and the mac and cheese, but our friends were happy with the lamb burger (words like best lamb burger ever were used) and said the burrito was okay. I had the bangers and mash. Nothing wrong with gravy, sausage and potatoes. Joanne (is that her name?) was a great host. She asked everyone in what equates to gyno row their names and where they're from. She's really funny and quick witted. I would pay to listen to her. I don't remember that much of the other comics... we saw four that night. All entertaining, but I remember the last one for sure... not his name, but he sounded like a minister from Southern USA. Pretty irreverent and that's what made him funny. We didn't hang around after the comics were finished. We left pretty quick after that. Didn't want to lose our Good Behaviour Deposit.
4	The Stand seemed to become an institution the day it opened its doors. They've matched small scale year round comedy with some of the biggest names on the circuit, then gradually expanded their festival operation so that it now takes in the Assembly Rooms on George Street. The original Stand space, with its seating/standing jockeying for position and an atmosphere that encourages the performers to relax into their show is an experience in itself. Go early, go often, go for food and go home (or elsewhere) happy and smiling. Coming soon: go there by tram!
