4	There are a number of swimming instruction services in the Charlotte area and having used others we prefer the Charlotte Swim Academy.Classes are one-on-one with children from 18 months on up learning to swim, dive, float and overall learn how to be safe and survive in water.  The instructors are almost all young ladies who stay in the water with your child, taking through their paces.A very sweet bunch, all neatly groomed and personable.  Our grandchildren LOVE their instructors and the instructors reciprocate.  Instructors pride themselves as family extensions helping in this one particular area of leaning.There are changing rooms with showers and toilets and from there you hand off your child to their instructor for a 30 minute session.  Then you and any other people with you go into an observation room where you can watch through the glass wall.  When the session is over you reverse the process, picking up your child, showering, re-dressing and leaving.There is also a "toy room" with books, blocks and other child safe materials for self-entertainment while they are waiting.Very clean, efficient, friendly and professional operation.  You will leave each time with a slightly damp, but happy child.
5	THE best swimming classes you will find in CLT. Martha Sue and her staff are AMAZING and you will truly feel like part of a family. Couldn't love it more.
5	I only have positive things to say about Charlotte Swim Academy!  My son has gone from being afraid of swimming to being able to swim underwater.  The one on one experience with the instructor made a huge difference.  All in all it's been a great experience and I highly recommend using them.
5	We have had lessons at nearly every aquatics facility in Charlotte with lackluster results. This summer I signed my 9 year old up for the Rapid Results class and in just 4 short days, my daughter progressed by leaps and bounds. I will never take my children anywhere but CSA. The instructors are knowledgeable and great with children. I could have saved hundreds if only I had come here first. But I am glad to have found them now.
