5	Conditional Recommendation Amerispec employs a wide variety of different inspectors. I've heard both good and bad things about different inspectors and I would recommend against just using them and getting a random inspector. That being said, Mike Hoeser is a fantastic home inspector. I've had him perform two home inspections and he was thorough and professional. He was honest and answered numerous questions. We ended up not buying the first house he inspected based on his home inspection. He didn't recommend for or against buying the house, simply presented the report.  Not buying that house is one of the best financial decisions I have ever made and with a lesser home inspector, I might not have made it. He also caught some things that I felt the seller of the first house was being less than honest about.
5	Pat.  What can I say?  He was great.  As  first time homebuyer, I cringed at the thought of the inspection.  I was so worried that our house would fail somehow.  Pat is so friendly that my worries immediately melted away.  He went above and beyond that of a regular home inspector.  Sure, he inspected our home thoroughly.  But he also explained to us how to fix any issues and things that may become a problem later.  He took the time and the effort to make sure little things were noticed, like our stairs settling.  He explained to keep an eye out for them over time.  Pat was amazing.  Warm fuzzy feeling, etc.  I am so nervous about purchasing a home.  I thought he would find something cataclysmic.  Even what he found was not terrible.  He has such a mellow personality that the explanation never sounded overwhelming.  Simple steps, simple fixes.  My husband and I needed to push the time back to 2pm.  It was wonderful.  They worked with us and we requested Pat, and guess what?  They made it happen.Pat has great reviews and came recommended by another yelper. Thank you Pat, I would recommend you anytime. *OH!  If you call, mention you saw a review or their website and they give you $20 off!
5	I have used 3 different home inspectors in the past 10 years for both buying homes, and I had great luck with Amerispec. When first calling, I talked with Jillian who was very receptive and accommodating to my time frame and needs. The price was right on par with 3 other home inspector in the Madison area, and after I had scheduled, Jillian even took off $20. Thank you.Paid on line prior to the inspection. They also had the option to pay the day of via check. The inspection itself took around 1.5/2 hrs. and many little things were pointed out to me that I had not noticed. Great inspection, many helpful tips, and very nice after inspection paperwork detailing fixable aspects of the home.
2	My inspection was quite some time ago. I was just recently reminded of my experience as we had a huge thaw, melt, and thunderstorm...Everything regarding the scheduling and the customer service aspect was excellent. The report they created was very professional. We were purchasing our home from across the country and needed to rely on a good inspector. Since we were purchasing an old home and intended to finish/re-finish the basement, we were especially interested to see if the basement was dry. We were verbally assured that it was a good dry basement with no odor and nothing to worry about (the disclosures in the report advise that any basement should be considered wet until experience prooves it dry).When we moved in and got to closely inspect the home ourselves, there was LITERALLY "writing on the wall" in marker noting "water entry points" along with the date of each on the interior of the foundation wall (see photo). There isn't just one or two, but probably at least a dozen. This information was not noted in the report. Thankfully, the water only slowly drips in from only about half of the "water entry points" when it rains heavily. It was just a matter of laying down beach towels to absorb the water. It still makes me uneasy when I'm out of town and makes me reluctant to invest money in a basement renovation even though we counted on using that space when we purchased the home. I also asked about a strange-looking rock border along the side of the home that showed up in the photos. I was assured that it was simply low maintenance landscaping. It turns out that it is a French drain designed to draw water away from the foundation, down into the rock filled drain, and eventually encourage it down slope. I'm happy it is there now, but it is another clear sign of basement water issues that went unnoticed. I would think that if my job was to critically evaluate potential flaws in a home and a homeowner was specifically concerned with a wet basement, I would notice and draw attention to the fact that there are potential water problems even if I was technically protected by the language in the report. I understand that I should have inspected my investment personally, but that was not possible so I hired a professional to do it for me...I just feel like they let me down a little by not noting some obvious signs.
5	I used one house inspection Co. before. Amerispec is much better than that one. They are much more professional, less expensive, and with great patience. Pat is the one who did the test about 2 weeks ago. He is very kind, professional, with great patience to all of the questions I have. I strongly suggest Amerispec to everyone. You will not regret it. :)
