5	Makers of Belgian chocolates and other sweets, located in Scottsdale for 25 years. Seven Sisters makes cadies in three flavors to choose from -- dark, milk, and white. The dark (my fave) has a deep flavor and wonderful richness, without being bitter.The white chocolate, is light, and has a very smooth texture, but is too sweet for my tastes. Their milk chocolate is sweet and creamy, with a nice velvety texture. And it melts in your mouth the way good milk chocolate should.They also create fun, fanciful items from chocolate, such as a cactus, cowboy hat, wedding cake, baby bottle, racecar, hearts, and roses. Great for gifts!
5	oh mama! Natalie's review convinced me to try out seven sisters and we were NOT disappointed.  stopped by around 4PM on wednesday, we were a little surprised how far up on scottsdale it was, and that it was located in a small strip mall storefront, but everything inside was worth the drive. the chocolate is the main focus - there are some shelves with knick knacks and packaged chocolate, but the fresh chocolate is resting happily on cake protected from my drooling by thick glass. we were the only patrons, so we had the full attention of our candy gal, a former bostonian by the way.  as we gazed wide eyed  and panted at her chocolate she offered us a free sample of the homemade fat free frozen yogurt they serve there. she gave us a heads up that it's actually made from yogurt, and you can taste the difference but it's really excellent and we were so convinced we decided to get a full cup. (a small is ENORMOUS by the way. and should be for $4.50) here's what i got chocolate wise and my review:mint chocolate: light chocolate layer on top of a mint layer (i'm guessing white chocolate...) on top of a dark chocolate layer. it's a small square but packs big minty punch which i simply adore. it's very dense and sort of hard, like a hershey bar hardness. that was my favorite. peanut butter chocolate: this was an ice cube shaped chunk of homemade peanut butter with a dark chocolate coating. don't think reese's peanut butter cup, this pb was so light it literally dissolved on my tongue and i looked down at my hands wondering where the rest of it had gone because i wanted more. that was my favorite.cherry bomb: dark chocolate dipped cherry twins. that was my favorite.toffee: thick buttery toffee that was coated in milk chocolate embedded with fresh crushed nuts.  it wasn't the tooth breaking, stick in your molars kind of toffee either. it was glorious. that was my favorite. my friend had a marshmallow topped with creamy caramel that was then drenched in chocolate. i almost ripped it out of her hands but it was gone too fast.  i even tried one of their sugar free selections, a cherry cordial and it was decent for sugar free.  i almost splurged on the chocolate dipped apricot but i thought i should probably save room for dinner. the apricot was about the size of my open palm. (why didn't i get it??!!)god i wish i lived here.
4	I thought the chocolates were ok. They were all nicely laid out...very pretty...they were ok.The real story here is the Frozen Yogurt. I lived in Los Angeles for 3 mths and while I was there I got addicted to Pinkberry. You know...that craze going on over there with the "tart" fro-yo. Its is all the magazines people!It was bad. I mean I was going to Pinkberry like 5 times a week. So I come to Arizona and there are no "tart" frozen yogurt places to be found. I was going through serious withdrawal. Hands shaking...headaches...that kind of thing (well not really...I may be exaggerating...but I wanted to draw a picture for you)ANYWAYS....I was reading through the "Phoenix New Times Best of 2007 edition" and they happened to mention the "Best Yogurt in Arizona". I was shocked to read this little candy shop was selling Red Mango Yogurt (basically the originator of the whole tart yogurt thang).I could not wait to make the trip over there. Lets just say I read the review around 9pm last night and guess who showed up to get fro-yo today..yup you guessed it little ol' me.You must try this yogurt  if you are a "tart" yogurt virgin. It is fat free and only comes in two flavors (green tea & original)..then you can load it full of various toppings (my favorites are the fresh fruit,...yum).Just be warned...its kinda pricey. A small is 4.50.
4	I have never tried anything at Seven Sisters other than their frozen yoghurt, so I have no clue what the chocolates & other confections are like.That said, the yoghurt is heavenly, refreshing, and absolutely the best in the valley.  Bar none.  They get the mix of flavor-to-tartness-to-sugar exactly right.  And it's fat free, of course.  I went because I saw they had gotten some kind of award from a Phoenix newspaper.  In fact, they may be the very best frozen yoghurt I have ever tried in any country, period.  So why the four stars instead of five?  Well, it's definitely a little too pricey for frozen yoghurt.  Far more expensive than their competition.   So while it's much better than your multiple WhateverBerry's chains, it costs about twice as much (in some cases, about three times as much).  So they get a star docked because of that, which is the reason I don't take their big yoghurt containers home very frequently.  In terms of the economics involved, I find it hard to believe that's the optimum price-to-volume ratio they could be using, as I'm sure a slightly more moderate price would pull in a much higher volume of customers and thus push up profits higher.  But the yoghurt itself is highly recommended and an amazing treat to take home.  You must try it at least once or twice.
5	Well, stopped by Seven Sisters for the first time in a long while because I was craving their yogurt.  The place is closed, gone.   What a shame.   This was a real hidden treasure, the best frozen yogurt in the Valley by leaps & bounds.   None of the well-known yogurt stalwarts in Phoenix Metro could hold a candle to the premium quality and fantastic taste of Seven Sisters frozen yogurt.   They had even gotten Best in Phoenix prizes from publications, etc.   Yet Seven Sisters seems to have gone bust during the downturn, while others have remained.   Why?Assuming the cause wasn't due to some internal issue, here are my thoughts:1.  The number one mistake was not marketing themselves as a Frozen Yogurt place.   Seven Sisters presented itself as a chocolate & confectionary place, which happened to have some frozen yogurt in the back.   It should've been the other way around.   Frozen yogurt is highly marketable, while confectionary candies & chocolate....not so much.   These guys had an amazing product, but they didn't put it out in the forefront of their strategy & branding.   When's the last time a friend turned to you and said, "hey, let's go buy some fancy chocolates?".   No?  Yeah, I thought so.   But there have been thousands of times when friends tell me, "wow, let's go have some frozen yogurt", or "hey, I want some ice cream or something."   When you search for Valley yogurt places, you see all the places that compete squarely on that turf - Golden Spoon, BerryGood, YogurtLand, etc.   The Froyo at Seven Sisters completely destroys all of these competitors, yet it was always hard to find if you were doing a quick search for a yogurt shop.   It wasn't frequently mentioned because Seven Sisters never really threw its hat into the Yogurt ring, despite having the best product.Yogurt should've always been the marketable core of this business.  The key is that so many yogurt places are identical, literally.  I don't know if they use the same supplier and just re-brand themselves.   Yogurtland, Yogurlicious, Yogurtology - exact same thing.   Overly sweet, too.   No subtlety.  No tang.   Even the title, "Seven Sisters Sweet Shop" says, "we sell candy".  You could've been walking by, dying for a yogurt fix and not have known that you just needed to step inside.  Hell, look right here on Yelp....see the category?   It says "candy stores".   No mention of Frozen Yogurt, while lesser yogurt places are highly visible.2. Their location was a little out of the way, north of the 101, not easily accessible to crowds or non-locals.  It's the old mantra: location, location, location.  If a properly branded & marketed Seven Sisters would have opened somewhere closer to downtown Scottsdale, or some other hip place like Kierland, with high visibility, the fantastic product would've reached the masses.3.  It was a little pricey.   Personally, I don't mind paying for top quality, but until you've reached fame and critical mass, you can't have huge profit margins.Alas, no other frozen yogurt can touch Seven Sisters, so now I'm left with lukewarm subsitutes.   Too bad it went the way of the dodo.   Farewell....
