4	Great old time place with only a few stools. Make sure to try some of their home-made sodas...fantastic and you can mix flavours!Also, this place discourages tipping.
5	One of the last remnants of the Jewish area in Mile End. Wilensky's "light lunch" isnt...its smooshed beef baloney and cheese on a roll. All of it pressed like a Cuban. The place is more of a museum than a Jewish deli.
5	I almost wasn't going to eat here cause I *just* had a bagel from Fairmount next door but vacationing is not awesome until you've stuffed yourself to exploding capacity.My sister and I ran in, ordered a special,  and ran out. I didn't expect much but I took one bite and HOLY MOLY is baloney or whatever is in that sandwich really THAT GOOD? IT was soft and hot and delicious. I really have no idea what I ate, but it was freakin awesome. Prob one of the best things I ate in Montreal. Yup.The actual place is small with less than 15 counter seats. I didn't really notice too much about the place other than the cup of dried sausage they had next to the register for 50 cents. I should have gotten one.
5	Excellent salami/bologna sandwich, pressed warm with a real egg cream soda.  All the soda flavors are unique as they make their own syrups.  Excellent value
4	Nothing fancy, but fricken amazing!They may have other items, but for years -- it's all about the Wilensky's fried bologna sandwich.  Mustard, cheese, on crappy white bread and then pressed together kinda of like a panini.  OMG - so dang good!!!Make sure to order 2 of them...you'll want one for dessert after you've inhaled the first one.  I don't know how or why they are so good...I've tried to make them, and it is just missing that certain jenesequa.When I am in Montreal to see my family, I have a short-list of must haves when I am in town -- and this is one critical stop!
5	Founded in the Mile End in 1932, and in the current spot since 1952, Wilensky's Light Lunch is an institution which lots of us Montrealers are deeply fond of. Most read Mordechai Richler's "The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz" in high school and since several scenes take place in Wilensky's, and scenes in the 1974 film version starring Richard Dreyfuss were actually shot there, it looms in our nostalgic imaginations. The best part about it is that neither time nor local fame have changed it. You sit at the counter and are welcome. The Wilensky special or the hot dog is quickly pressed for you and slid down the counter with precision on a napkin. The soda is mixed fresh for you right before your eyes, and in quiet friendly contemplation you can read the history taped across the walls.
4	This will be the most useless review you'll ever read on Yelp:Go here. Get the special. Enjoy.The end.
5	As you enter Wilensky's you're transported to a bygone era.  Fading photos smile at you from the walls.  A cash register from the late 1800's, built to last a millenia sits quietly beside the entrance.  If it rang more than its $1.95 maximum, I could imagine it still in use.The staff behind the counter are welcoming, friendly and are happy to discuss the occasional question about the shop and its history.  But, some things won't happen, at any price. Cutting your sandwich in half, exchanging bun types: forget about it.  Just sit, order, eat, drink, chat and enjoy.Service is exceptionally quick.  You'll have your Wilensky special sandwich with or without Kraft or swiss slice, always with mustard, by about the time you finishing uttering your order.Sodas are hand made with syrups from behind the counter, ladled and stirred in front of you.Any tipping goes straight into a donation jar for charity, not to the house.Hours are 9-4pm if I remember correctly.The nostalgia of this shop is unmatched and worth a stop for any visitor or resident of Montreal.
4	The Special doesn't seem all that special--what, surprise luncheon meat grilled with some mustard and maybe cheese? But damn is it good, and the hand-mixed soda with it. It's small and not very filling, though, true to the name of the restaurant. Munch on one of those little Slim Jim-lookin' things too, while you're at it.Mustard-haters, don't worry about the strict requirement that the mustard goes in your sandwich. They don't put in enough to clear the sinuses of a baby hamster.
5	As its name suggests, Wilensky's is a lunch counter--one that's only open until 4:00, weekdays and Saturdays.  It's now celebrating its 80th anniversary (going on 81), and with few exceptions it looks like its been preserved in amber since the '40s. One of Montreal's few truly great sandwiches, and a certified original, the Wilensky Special is still priced under $5. So what if it's simply a pressed hot bologna and salami sandwich with mustard? Some days nothing else comes close. I recommend ordering yours with Kraft cheese and a side order of half-sours to get the full experience.  And don't forget to order a fountain drink.  An institution (sometimes in more than one sense), and not just because of The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz.  Beware of imitators--this is the real deal.
4	Wilensky's is definitely worth visiting for the nostalgic factor. Opens since 1932 and still family own and run by the Wilensky's!And of course we need to order their famous SPECIAL ($3.90)! which is a grilled beef salami and beef bologna sandwich with mustard on a kaiser roll, pressed flat from the grill!As the sign in the restaurant announces:"When ordering a Special,you should know a thing or two.It is always served with mustard;it is never cut in two.Don't ask us why; just understandthat this is nothing new.This is the way that it's been donesince 1932."So we ended up having our own SPECIAL since it is the way it has to be and luckily I love mustard!!The Special is great for a snack and it is so hot!! So be careful when you bite into it!The made to order fountain drinks with quite a few different flavours: even a chocolate one!! definitely worth ordering and believe me would go well with your sandwich!No tips necessary but if you do, it will be put into donation box for the Heart and Stroke Foundation! So do leave whatever change you want to on the counter!.
4	Stopped in for lunch while in town for the jazz fest.The Special was as advertised: cheap and delicious. And they make it super fast--like 10 seconds fast. So good I got one for the road. And the phat Slim Jim beef jerky thing was awesome for 60 cents, too.Overall, a Montreal institution for 80 years that's well worth checking out. Will definitely be back.
5	Fantastic 80 year old sandwich shop (see Risa D's review for more history) - If a place has been doing the same thing for that long, they're probably doing it right!Drop by when you're in the neighbourhood, find a seat at the bar (if there's none free, it won't take long for one to free-up), and order a "special with cheese" and some pickles. There're not big - hey, the place is called "Light Lunch" - but after two I'm usually good.While you're at it get yourself a soda - it's made with the syrup right at the bar there in front of you. I like the cherry or root beer flavours, but there are plenty of old-school options to choose from.
5	Get the special with swiss along with a chocolate egg cream. Very tasty! Super friendly staff, as well.
4	Small bologna and salami sandwich, toasted with cheese, mustard, and mayo. Very cheap and good. They also have good pickles, and soda made the old fashioned way. Really cool little shop. Check it out.
5	Wilenski's is an important reminder of Montreal heritage. The Wilenski Special is the type of sandwich your parents would make you after school. It's simple and taste great. When I ate here, there were plenty of kids at the counter so popular with the youngsters for sure. While the decor is minimalist, the place is an iconic image of Montreal and the people who have frequented this place since the 30's.
4	Great place to really experience the history of Montreal, the history of Canada, and food that has been made the same for over 70 years. Special with Kraft was delicious. In front of me within 1 minute of my order. Not too salty and light on the mustard. I added more mustard and it hit the spot.Chatted with the owner about the show being on The Mind of A Chef with David Chang. We talked about the history of the place and it was clear the amount of pride the family takes in running the shop. The big surprise for me was the original soda fountain they have. Best pineappple soda I ever had. Cherry looked amazing as well. A definite must-visit, if going to Montreal.
3	When I told one of my DC friends I was going to Montreal, he said if there was one thing we had to do was to try the "deep-fat fried" bologna sandwich at Wilensky's. After looking it up and seeing good reviews from more than one celebrity chef, we had to go.We walked in and it still has a 1920s feel to it like the kind of delis you see in the old movies. A funny, old man greeted us and ave us their special within literally 30 seconds on a napkin. The sandwich was NOT deep-fat friend and it was literally a bun heated on a panini with layers of meat and kraft slice cheese. I loved it, but I definitely wouldn't give it the best sandwich I ever had award like one celebrity chef called it.
5	Family owned & operated. Wonderful people, offering a spectacular sandwich. Crusty bread lathered with mustard, expertly seasoned salami & bologna and oozy Swiss cheese all pressed flat. (Can be ordered with cheddar or without cheese.)The storefront & interior capture a style and warmth that is hard to find these days. You feel like you've stepped back in time and it feels great.
4	After a late breakfast at Faberge , decided to walk around and discover this pretty street called Fairmont! Saw this spot looked retro,dated! I had to go in! First Thing  I noticed was books for sale for a buck! I then saw a counter and people and I realized that I was a restaurant / grab n go spot! Since I wasn't hungry I opted for a strawberry milkshake! It was only 2.17$ !!!The place is cool in it's own way! I love places where there's history! The walls were jam packed with that. Staff was extremely nice! Family owned I like I likeAs for the milkshake is was basic no fuss and hit the spot! I have to definitely go back for their sandwiches!By the way there's only stools at the counter and sits about 10-15 people! If you are in the area and it's still open check it out!
3	Family owned restaurant that's been around since the beginning of time.  Their location looks very nostalgic, with everything looking like it hasn't changed since they first opened.  (except the rack of 80's music cds).   They're known for their Wilenksy special.  It's a beef bologna sandwich with mustard and it's pressed flat like a panini.  Good sandwich, but nothing i would crave.
5	Thinly sliced and seasoned bologna and salami between a perfectly toasted roll with a hint of mustard and melted America. cheese. The Special is one of best sandwiches in Montreal. We were served by the current owner Sharon, who clearly has a love of the establishment and chatted with us about its history. Wilensky's is everything you want in no frills dining.
4	Wilensky's is a tough place to review. While in Montreal, I ate at Joe Beef and Au Pied du Cochon. To review those places in the same frame of mind as Wilensky's is unfair. They are striving to accomplish different goals. Here, you'll get an unpretentious, straightforward lunch at incredible speed. You'll enjoy the vibe. The food isn't mind blowing, but is very tasty, in a simple, no frills sort of way.First, the neighborhood Wilensky's is in is awesome. If you're a tourist in Montreal, come here and walk around for a non tourist vibe. Enjoy a special, grab a coffee at Arts Cafe, and then eat again at Fairmont Bagel. Next, the food and drink. The Wilensky Special is salami and bologna served on a toasted roll, topped with mustard. It's a simple sandwich, but it will hit you in all the right spots. It's ready in less than a minute, and you'll likely want two. Order a cherry soda with it - Wilensky has syrups in house that they mix with soda, and it's very tasty, even if you don't drink soda.Finally, the ambiance. This place is a classic - 1930's era posters cover the wall, all seats are at a bar facing the griddle. Sitting at the bar, chatting with the owner (who is very nice, and patiently answered two questions about Anthony Bourdain while I was there), gives a very relaxing, small town feeling.Come here and enjoy the sandwich. But more so, enjoy the classic, friendly neighborhood vibe it gives off. It'll set the tone for your day.
4	Saw this place on Mind of a Chef just the night before while we were visiting Montreal so we had to hit it up! They serve only one thing, but they serve it right. Had already visited the infamous Schwart's days prior and although I know they're two different sandwiches, Wilensky's sandwich tasted WAY better. The place is outdated, but full of character. There's maybe like 10 stools at the bar and you eat there. Up close and personal to the servers who are wonderful people. The sandwich looks dinky and lame but the bun is WARM (unlike Schwart's) and when you bite into it...oh man is it tasty. We even ordered one to bring back to Vancouver (since we were leaving that day)! A must-visit!
5	No place quite like this I've ever seen or been to.  Plopped a squat on the bar and ordered me a cream soda and a bologna sandwich.  Tried to act all discreet like we've been here before.  Couldn't help myself and struck up a conversation with what appeared to be the boss, and she could not have been more friendly!I can see why they call this light lunch, don't come here if you're extremely hungry.  Unless of course you want to eat 3 bologna sandwiches.  But you very well may want to after you've tried these!  Best bologna sandwich I've ever had.
5	Simple but great sandwiches.  If I say that they are made with baloney and mustard, you may not be impressed. Yet, each time I return to Montreal I HAVE to stop here.  Somehow, I think the fact the place has not changed in close to a century makes it very warm and homey.  Please make sure you have one of their old style sodas. Made with sirup and added carbonated water.  I suggest a cherry coke.  The only way I'll stop coming is if they change the menu and provide WIFI.
