5	I have only been here twice so far, but I got probably the best haircut of my entire life.I have extremely curly, yet paradoxically fine, hair.  I wanted it cut short for ease of maintenance (I spend probably about 2 hrs/day in the gym, so I don't want to spend a lot of time fiddling around with my hair).  Finding a good hairdresser is a challenge when you have curly hair.  Finding a good hairdresser who can cut your hair short without totally messing it up is exponentially more of a challenge when you have curly hair.  I've been going around to various salons in the area for a couple years now, and everyone basically did the same thing: "Um, I can't cut your hair short because it will look awful.  How about we put some nice layers in it instead to give you some more volume up around the crown?"  End result: Great-looking hair immediately after the haircut, but a cut that I couldn't really style very well, given the huge restraints on my time and my incompetence at styling hair.So, recently I realized that one of my gym buddies has the same texture of hair that I do, and that she rocks a short little curly crop.  It would look horrible on my face, but clearly there was someone in town who could give me a short curly cut.  Hence, the referral to Tim Denham, who owns Denham & Co.The salon is a second-floor walkup in the middle of Market Square, next to Nicholas Coffee.  It's an Aveda salon, if all-natural products are important to you.  The atmosphere is comfortable and remarkably peaceful, given the smallness of the space and the number of people who are there.  I had a consultation with Tim on a Tuesday afternoon, for which he did not charge me, in which he basically said "Yeah, I can definitely cut your hair short.  Bring me some pictures of what you'd like, and let's do it."  Awesomely enough, the salon is open until 8 PM on Tuesdays and Thursdays, so I got a 6:30 appointment for that Thursday.  Haircuts from Tim are on the pricey side for Pittsburgh salons, with a shampoo & cut at $49.  I think the other hairdressers are probably a bit cheaper (after all, Tim is the owner and hair mogul-in-chief).  But seriously, that was the best $50-plus-tip I ever spent.On Thursday, I showed up armed with various pictures of haircuts that I liked.  We picked the one that would probably end up looking the best on my head, and Tim went to work.  (Tim is an ebullient and hilarious person, definitely one of the most entertaining people I've ever gotten a cut from.)  Tim cuts wet hair, even if you're curly -- if you're curly-headed and insist upon getting a dry cut, this might not be for you.  However, he clearly knows what he's doing with curly hair.  My hair was not cut too short, even though curly hair gets curlier and therefore shortens much more than you would expect after a short cut.  He did a really great job of shaping it, as well.  Now I have an extremely cute, curly, asymmetrical bob-type thing going on, instead of the disheartening shoulder-length triangular frizzy mass that previously adorned the top of my body.  I'll definitely go back here.
4	The only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars is b/c of the price.  But they do a good job cutting hair.  I have curly hair and it's rare that I ever like my haircut b/c most places and people have no clue how to cut curly hair that's flattering.  I don't want to give them all the credit b/c I had the original style/cut done in Chicago and I had asked them for a trim only but to keep the same style.  So they can't take all the credit but they did listen to me and maintain the same style while cleaning it up a bit.  I would recommend this place if you don't mind spending the money and if you have specific requirements for your hair!
5	Joh and Jaimee are magic; I don't trust anyone else; nuf said
5	Just as I was about to give up on finding a downtown hair salon, I found Denham & Company and Dan!  Quite a nice cut and those yummy Aveda products, to boot.  Comfortably eclectic is how I'd describe the shop in Market Square just to the right of NOLA and up a steep flight of stairs.  Antiques on beautiful hardwood floors interspersed with contemporary salon chairs make for warm and friendly surroundings, which is just exactly what I found in the staff, too...warm and friendly AND skilled.Thanks Dan AND Denham & Company!  You've restored my faith in downtown hair salons!
5	I moved to the suburbs and briefly stopped going here because I didn't want to drive to town.  Biggest hair mistake of my life.  Gone is the "mom haircut" I got from the chain salon at the mall and I am back to normal.  Thank you Denham and Co.!  I will never stray again!
5	Sheer ecstatic bliss is what this place should be called! wonderful talented friendly hairdressers!  My friend and I went there for the first time today, let them cut our follicle fillers as they saw fit, and have never been more satisfied in our short little lives.If you want bumpin' style and sexy looks, HIT IT UP!!!!
5	I've been going to this salon for 15 years (since I was a little girl) and despite my biased, great history with it, I can objectively say that this is the BEST salon I've ever been to. I don't live in Pittsburgh anymore, and any time I get my hair cut anywhere else, it's too expensive and not nearly good enough.Some highlights (heh) of Denham & Co:- Relatively cheap ($25 for an ordinary women's cut)- Wide range of staff with different personal styles (you'll definitely find someone who gets you)- Experienced staff (most of the stylists have been there for many years)- Comfortable, eclectic environment with antiques (doesn't feel too sterile or "perfect")- Aveda products (herbal goodness)- Friendly staff who actually listen to you (not snobby or stand-offish like many salons)I don't have any specific recommendations of staff (although I love John's style and cuts) because they're all great for different reasons. Ask the receptionist, they'll be sure to tell you who would work for you.(Also, it's in a loft above a wonderful coffee shop! Can't beat that.)
1	I hate to write mean reviews, but I really did receive the worst haircut of my life (no hyperbole) from this place, one that really can't be fixed now until I wait for it to grow out.  I walked in with long hair and normal-looking bangs that all needed significant trimming.  The stylist said he would need to take a couple of inches off of the length due to damage.  I said that was fine.  I did not ask for any other style changes.  I somehow walked out with bangs that take up most of the front part of my head, much like a small child's haircut (to serve the purpose of keeping hair out of the child's face).  He also took almost five inches off the length, instead of the "couple" promised.  I feel like my haircut looks like a cross between a bowl cut, a female mullet, and the futuristic look of Mia Wallace from Pulp Fiction.  I'm pretty open minded to different haircuts, but this one is truly awful, and it's too short now for me to even pull it back easily to try to make it look better.  I'm going to a place in Shadyside today to see if they can maybe do extensions to remedy the mullet look, or implement some kind of other cut to make it look a little better.  It's a shame, because this place is downtown and so convenient to my workplace, but I certainly will not risk it again.:(
5	I've tried many different salons throughout the city since moving here 6 years ago, and once I found Tim at Denham & Co, I haven't gone anywhere else! My hair is crazy thick and I always have troubles coloring it but Tim always gets the perfect shade and cuts it in the best way. I get so many compliments on the color anywhere I go. The price is definitely worth it, plus you'll have a great time while you're there - staff is super friendly and talkative. If you're looking for stylish look, need help with color, suggestions for a overall new look - go here! 2 of my best friends already have gone here after I did.
4	I have been hunting for a new salon.  My friend goes here and her hair always looks great!  So i decided to check this place out. I wanted all over highlights but with highlights in the front and low lights in the back.  Nicole painted my highlights instead of foiling them which cut the time in half.  My hair looks very natural and not "stripy".  Love it, I will be back!The space is beautiful as well! Tons of light, big windows!
5	Dan is awesome!
5	My wife gets her hair styled and colored here with Cara, and I was going to a barber.  Once I tried Cara, nothing else compares.  It is more expensive of course, but definitely worth it.  I tried a barber again recently and will be regretting it until my hair grows back and I get Cara to fix it.
5	Julie does a fantastic job. Been going to her for years. The attention to detail is tremendous and I come away with a haircut I can have confidence in.
4	When I came in for my appointment, the lady who was supposed to be doing my hair was still tied up doing an updo for a fussy person who'd made her redo it. I had to wait an extra 45 minutes but I was not in a rush and they offered to discount my price and were so apologetic. I really respected how they handled the situation that was obviously not their fault. They were very kind and genuine.My description of what I wanted my hair to look like was probably pretty vague because I am not very girly and I wasn't entirely sure how to tell them what I wanted. But it came out exactly how I was picturing. I insisted that they did not need to discount my service so they gave me a free bottle of shampoo. They also were very reasonably priced. I will surely be back.
5	I am very picky about my hair. I have had several bad experiences at hair saloon's( one turned my hair purple) so I am always reluctant to go to a new place. Denham & Company has surpassed my expectation. The receptionist knew who I was before I even gave her my name, offered me a hot tea and  made me feel welcome. The stylist, Tim, was professional and funny at the same time. Dundee, his furry assistant was a little ray of sunshine. Besides all that my hair looks FANTASTIC!!! I got exactly what I wanted! I will definitely be returning for all my hair care needs.
5	I started going here when I did grad school at CMU. Since graduating in 2010 I've returned to visit friends at least once a year, and I ALWAYS make sure to include a hair appointment at Denham & Co. Literally my favorite hair salon that I've ever been to. The cuts are always chic, never cookie-cutter and boring, hair color is always on-point. Love them, will keep coming back whenever I can!
5	Nicole was incredibly friendly and was super intuitive and adaptive to what I wanted! Thanks Denham and Company, I will definitely be back!
5	I have been going to this salon almost 6 years.  I was very nervous when I first moved to Pittsburgh about finding a good Aveda salon with people who are not just friendly and kind but also committed and care for their work.  Everyone here is very friendly and very nice.  No pretentious people here.They suggested Jamie to me the first time and I have had her since then.  She is very good at what she does and handled my Indian thick hair very nicely.  It may not seem like a big deal but in my previous encounters I have realized that it takes experience to work with non-american hair.  My hair is wavy in some areas and plain-ol' non-manageable in other areas.  Through out the years Jamie has given me the exact look I wanted and also tried new things when I was ready for a change.  She has given me suggestions on what products to use and sometimes those products are simple off the shelf products that are not from Aveda.  She is always honest with me about what to use and how to use it and has never pushed anything that I did not want.  I am a big fan of Aveda products in itself and Jamie always gave me her honest opinion.The products they use to color my hair is very good quality and it deep conditions my hair as it colors it.  My hair quality has improved a lot.I wish I could take this salon and Jamie with me as I move again.
