3	3.5 starsThis isn't the high end option when it comes to food trucks.  No crazy fish tacos (please guys, get over it, we don't need that many options for fish tacos!), no hyper-local ingredients, no overarching theme (turkey truck, cheese truck, italian truck, etc...)    The food is simpler -  philly cheesesteaks, empanadas, gyros etc...  Most of it fried.  However,  the heavier-set guy who works there (runs it?) is a good guy and happy to talk with you about the food.  Plus, I really love his inventive empanadas.  The thanksgiving flavored one with turkey, cranberries, and cheese is awesome.  The pot-stickers are great as well.  The line tends to be shorter here than some of the more renowned places which is a big plus as well.  I got my food quite quickly and was happy with it.
5	Enjoyed the fish Po'Boy with breaded grouper on a buttered toasted bun & lettuce, tomato our homemade remoulade sauce and a touch of malted vinegar & a side order of corn chips for only $8. Can and will have that again!!
3	We had Sal's to our community for a neighborhood event, so a big plus is that they do private events.  I do like the fact that they list their whereabouts and menu on their Website / Facebook / Twitter.  Yay social media.They were the only real food option and the even spanned over lunchtime so needless to say, they were packed.  I perused the menu before hand and was happy to see that they had a no meat option for sweetie.  There was a substantial wait and they were backed up for quite a while which was great to see.I ordered the "signature philly".  For $8.00 and whatever I paid to add the garlic butter it was a bit small.  The sandwich was tasty but it was mostly bread and for $8.00 I expected a bit more especially for a signature dish.  The steak was chopped, moist and seasoned well, grilled onions were a nice compliment and I love me some melty cheese.  It was served with fries that were overcooked and way overseasoned.Sweetie had the Falafel Pita.  The falafel was fried so deeply that when cutting it with the plastic fork the fork broke.  My little one had the hot dog, which was ok.  I tried it and thought it was fine.  All in all it was OK for me.  I am glad food trucks are growing in this area and hope to give Sal's another shot.
3	Ate at their food truck in Charlotte.  Decent food but nothing special for the price.  I probably won't eat from them again.
