4	Grand opening on Labor Day weekend. Friday night Kobe Bryant was there with a bunch of other guys like Baron Davis and (kinda random) Marcus Allen. Good crowd. Size is the same as Lure used to be but looks a bit more open as they knocked down some walls. I always liked Lure so Blush works well if you want to party in a slightly smaller, more intimate venue.
2	We were there last weekend and we went after watching le reve around 10ish. We had no problem getting in. It was definitely an older crowd (30-50). It's a lounge more than a club. Compared to tryst at the same hotel, it's probably 1/4 to 1/5 the size.
2	Yawn....snore....pretty smallish lounge, with sucky music.  Every seat is reserved for table service and every seat was empty this past Saturday night.  So everyone was just kind of standing around, including many servers.  Just standing...shaking their hips....hoping someone will want to sit in their section.  Not even the pretty lights on the ceiling could keep us awake here.
2	Agree with Cassie below.  The place was not happening.  Everyone standing, with most of the seating areas vacant.I did like the decor, and the fact that the back portion is open air.  That would be key if the weather were warm.While our group had fun, the place overall was pretty blah.
3	Came here after finding out that Tryst wasn't all that. Got to sit in the back and just chill out. You get free bottled water here. Nice! the server was awesome. There were no lines to the bathroom. Probably because it wasn't that crowded.Go here if you have a cool group you like having fun with. But.. probably not the best place if you're single and looking for some action.*edit* 051908came here again this weekend. pretty chill. good music to dance to, enough drunk people to make fun of, and chill atmosphere.
4	I happened to like this place although it was really small.  I was at outside of Tryst and they were handing out flyers to get into Blush for free, so nothing beats free! The decor inside is super trendy and modern. Much like all the other places inside the Wynn hotel, there's an outdoor patio that still feels like your inside, which was really nice.  The crowd was pretty good-looking and everyone was dressed pretty nice.  When I was there the music was pretty good.  It was a really chill place to just kick back with friends- definitely a lounge type of feel.  If you're looking to dance then Tryst would be a much better place to go to.
4	Every hotel should have a mellow bar... Wynn has Blush! I like it here, when I'm looking for something for more low-key, anyway. My friends and I ended up after we got here late Friday night and wanted a quick. After a few drinks, we ended up on the dance floor and unexpectedly had a lot of fun.
3	No sh!t: $50,000 bottle of champagne on the bottle service menu.  C'mon!  We sampled this place on an "off" night, a holiday Monday at around 9:30.  We were literally the only customers in the place for a good ten minutes.  They make a mean tangerine mojito ($15).  We lounged on the comfy sofa chairs, fantasizing about having unlimited money to toss around at places like this. Looks like an ideal place to get a group of friends to go in on some bottleage.  Nice, laid back atmosphere, great lighting, and cool grooves.  Bottles start at $425, not sure if there was a minimum number, and add a 20% gratuity.  Or slum it like we did and hit it for a couple of a la carte drinks on an off night.
2	Went on sat night and did not have a great time. I had 6 other girls with me and end up leaving 30 min after we got in. I argee with Jean L. the crowd is DEFINITELY older (around 35-65).
5	One of the first things you might notice about Blush, is that it's smaller then your "average" nightclub (about a 400 person capacity). In fact, Blush would rather be called a Boutique Nightclub. Blush feels their size serves them well, as it allows them to be more attentive to their guests. Notable features to their service include: most of the seating is for bottle service and their 25 person room off to the side for the more decadent VIPs.Two things will stand out immediately as you find your way through blush. For one, the 300 color changing lanterns looming over head. Second, you can take advantage of Las Vegas's wonderful weather and head out to Blush's patio, which includes additional seating and another bar.If you're in the mood for nightlife, in an intimate setting, head out to Blush to start your evening.
4	Mood lighting. Hookup from the Pit Boss at the Asian High Roller place.... not that we gambled... but just flashed some pretty smiles and got VIP passes. Music was good. Drinks were pricey, lounge areas were comfy.... dark enough so I could indulge in my lesbian tendencies and check out all the hot girls without being noticed... oh wait.... I think I was just checking out my best friend. Danced and watched the mood lighting change; yes I'm easily entertained. Had a nice selection of perfumes in the bathroom to freshen up!Not too many sleazy guys in there; always a plus in my book!! Great place to go with a group of friends; not a great place to go to hook up. =P
2	Fell in love with my waitress..... and that was the highlight of my evening (and I still wonder about her..... divorced at 26... sigh). The place is very well decorated, but the 40+ crowd gave the place a more museum feel than lounge.I'll definately go back there again...... with my boss or with clientele that don't know any better, but not with my closer club friends.... unless it's to use the bathroom..... or to say hi to that gem of a waitress.
5	Cute lounge. Great place to get a drink, dance a little, meet people and then bounce to another club.  Don't come to Blush expecting Tao or Tryst, but I like the atmosphere because you actually get to talk to people, enjoy yourself and the people you came with.  You aren't battling it out with someone else to find somewhere to dance on the floor and you're not constantly getting pushed around or stepped on.
5	probably my new favorite bar in sin city, respectable classy hip people, awesome interior and great outdoor patio to smoke or in my case to catch some fresh air and cool off.Blush has a nice bottom lid dance floor to start shaking things up.I loved the music and had a great warm up before heading over to Tryst, nightclub also at the Wynn.Highly recommend it!
3	The first time I came apparantly was an NBA afterparty and saw dwayne wade and kobe bryant (barf) inside the club. 3 stars for making us wait for nothin'! The second time, we arrived around 1am, there was barely anyone inside but they still made the guys pay $30 for cover. This place is more like a lounge so if you're expecting a nightclub, you'll be a little disappointed.. There were comfy couches surrounding the dancefloor that anyone can sit on.. Yes it's true, you don't have to be a freakin Kardashian sister for you to be able to get your own private, or not-so-private booth. Another half star for good music though.. they did a good job mixing mainstream music with more underground stuff..
4	Blush is an ultra-sexy, ultra-chic, ultra-chill (you guessed it) ULTRA-LOUNGE! Since we were on the guestlist and were already in the Wynn, we stopped in after the Le Reve show to lounge for a few moments. All ladies received free champagne from 11-midnight, so we took our glasses of bubbly out to the cool and cozy open-air terrace at the back of the lounge. It was a perfect warm evening, and even though there were heat lamps on, they weren't necessary. We sat next to a friendly group who offered up their area to us when they left. Though we didn't order bottle service, the servers didn't mind that we were sitting there. In fact they were really friendly and checked in with us to make sure we were doing okay. One in particular was quite flirty, which made flattering comments that made me blush. Probably a requirement on the staff's part to fit with the theme? The female servers were all gorgeous in their super hot mini dresses. The crowd was mostly older, 30 and up.The DJ was spinning hip hop, and there was plenty of space to dance if you wanted to. This is not a club, so if you're in the mood to just lounge, Blush is a swanky spot to do just that.P.S. Like most other clubs, Blush has a $30 cover for guys. :(
4	A smooth club promoter named Emmanuel approached us in the mall and dangled free champagne before us.Now...I am a champagne lush. I don't like much else... unless it involves fruit, ice, and well...a sophisticated combination of Baileys, Guinness, and Jamison - but I am all over...yes all over - anything having to do with champagne.So after watching the incredible Le Reve - we made our way over to Blush, with our VIP bands, to get our bubbly on.I have to admit that I didn't have high expectations for the space, so Blush exceeded any and all pre-conceived notions I had. There was plenty of room to move, good music, the bartenders and cocktail waitresses were friendly (and hot...), the space itself was glamorous and sophisticated, and as soon as we found ourselves in the picturesque and daintily lit outside patio area, some nice folks smiled at us and quickly made room on their table.It was our first night in Las Vegas, and with our fake eyelashes batting, our brown skin hues pressed up the white chairs, and our bubbling champagne in hand - we couldn't help but bask in the sexy outdoor glow of the night. For any girls looking for a low-key way to start the night, I couldn't recommend Blush more. Unfortunately for guys, they do charge a 30 dollar cover, which Blush, though chic and beautiful - is not worth.Also, while you won't have to fight your way through a glazed eyed crowd, one could even remark and find fault with how mellow the crowd is/was. When we were there, people were evidently interested in conversing and mingling. Very few people, in fact no people were dancing, despite the quality music flowing through the lovely space. I personally loved the low-key vibe of Blush, but if you're looking for your destination Vegas night spot  full of of table top-dance moves - Blush may be too timid for your liking.
4	Definitely a fun dance spot with really great music, great djs, and an overall nice lounge-y set-up.  Plus it helps that my party of 6 very hot, very intelligent lady friends were able to bypass the cover charge (thank you, Megan G!).  ;-)What I DIDN'T like so much was the over-abundance of DBs everywhere, sitting in their comfy couches, staring, who were just TC to even attempt to converse with my party of 6 very hot, and very intelligent girlfriends.  Whatever, dudes.  Embrace your inner DB and continue to sit in your couches and stare.  =)
3	Great ambiance and decor, not so great crowd. Too many pretentious yuppies and viagra men looking around to pick up golddiggers. Very trendy and upscale, but kinda missed character to me. Music gets fun later in the night, especially when they play some 80's beats - other than that, it's too much mainstream hip hop and R'n'B. Also, didn't like the fact that there is no way to sit in the lounge area unless you get a table, but it's literally 85% of the space dedicated to the lounge tables. Cover charge of $30 is totally ridiculous for Vegas, so make sure you go early and better be a female:)
3	I'm pretty sure I forced my 2 friends to come in here after leaving Tryst because after 2 shots and too many other drinks, I was NOT done for the night.  We walked in and sat down and yeah...not too many people left in there.  I think rather than going after the club, you'd probably want to come before and grab a drink.  It's definitely pretty inside, we walked by on our last day and I got a sober view of it, so you can take my word for it from my second view inside.  :)
1	This place was THE worst! We were just walking around gambling and these huge dude's with ear pieces kept trying to get us to go to "Their New Lounge" they kept hounding us that there was no cover till midnight to hurry and get in. We finally gave in and saw tons more bouncers waiting with nothing to do. There was an empty red carpet and 0 line we walked in and it was dead we figured it may have some amazing original drinks or some shit. They were out of at least one ingredient from every drink on the menu....coincidence, WTF!! No lemon grass but you can have this shitty as glass of champagne w a cherry in it for $15 YAY!! Then we try to leave we wanted some damn DRINKS like those mile long blended daiquiri were sounding really good to us for the trek back to the Venetian. So the "Manager" was trying to keep us there so badly he said he would go and get us the daq's well we were like ok thats cool I guess but he never returned. This place was TEH GHEY!! I had a better time lighting myself on fire once.
1	ok I'm on my phone so forgive the briefness. Blush is small, VERRY small. And the atmosphere is very rushed and extremely cramped. I'd say 2k sq ft or less. The tables are not private like they should be if you are expected to shovel out loads of cash for a bottle . Instead you have people tripping over others and onto your table. Its like prison in a sense where you have to fight for your territory. Music: lame top40 as usual. There were some good tracks but mostly shitty half-heartedly contrived wanna be tracks made by a skilless dj. I heard the same Luda track 3 times in about 45 minutes and journey's "don't stop believing " 4 times in the 2 hours inwas there. No skill, no variety, not worth it.
3	Good ambiance.  Rude bartenders.  Strange mix of music.  Good patio outdoors.  If you want to go here, make sure you don't show up before midnight or you'll be bored out of your mind!  Decent scene for late night.
1	simonster's version of hell on earth (part 2)...-  huge crowds of idiots milling about that make these businesses prosper-  people that can't handle their liquor but insist on ordering and drinking tons of it, leading to ridiculous drunkenness and drama-  insufficient number of bathrooms-  establishment that prioritizes making a buck over service-  ridiculously expensive-  rude staff with a serious god complex-  crazy lines-  smokers everywhere
3	i really really like the ambiance of blush. the white light fixtures on the ceiling that change colors are really cool. plus they have a nice little outdoor area, which i loves! the lounge is pretty small but the music is really good. the VIP areas aren't anything fantastical, and this is one of those places that it wouldn't matter if you were VIP or not. they're just tables that anyone can get to. so as for having more space to dance, it's quite the opposite. the bouncers and bartenders were really nice but the girl who was pouring drinks at our table was pretty snooty. it was crowded but not so crowded that you couldn't move. the crowd was also very mixed between younger and older. a guy who was probably as old as my father was hitting on me. meh.... aren't you like 50?! eak! i could be your daughter! **GAG** blush is also very meat market-esque, but nowhere near the level of pure. overall, blush is a cool place. it's not my favorite but i wouldn't be opposed to going to blush again.
3	OK place to go.  Good range of music.  Nice outdoor area where you can still feel the AC.  Prices really suck.
1	My friends said we were going to Blush that night...I thought, "What's Blush? A strip club? Yay! Oh noes, it's actually a boutique nightclub...whatever the hell that means..."I've never heard of it before. So I did what any responsible adult would do before going to an unknown venue...I drank a lot of booze beforehand. Why not. Consuming a bunch of booze will make any place seem fun. Right?Ok, so for the second time in my life, I was wrong. This place blows! And you know why? Do YOU know why? Well, here's WHY!! I not only drank beforehand, I also drank more while I was in there. So I became uber intoxicated. I got so intoxicated that I had to throw up. After throwing up, I was "escorted" out by one of the bouncers. Thus, ending my night there. You might be thinking, "Well, what the hell were they supposed to do after you threw up? Give you a VIP table?" It would be understandable for kicking someone out for throwing up. I concur. But here's the kicker to my story...I threw up in the toilet!! I didn't throw up at a VIP table or on the dancefloor or at the bar or on a girl's boobies...I threw up IN THE TOILET!! Where else is one allowed to go to throw up then if they aren't allowed to throw up in the toilet???I hate you, Blush. I should've thrown up on a girl's boobies to make my dismissal more worthwhile...
1	They may getter a better review if I ever go back but probably not.....We went to the Wynn because I heard USA basketball team was staying there and we didn't really want to go to a club or anything like that so we decided to try Blush for a more Lounge type atmosphere.They got girls outside the Wynn passing out passes to get in saying that you should be able to get in no problem, just go by ...... oh yeah right!EFF this place big time!!  As our group (more girls than guys) stood in the front of the line, they just kept letting in other people in left and right.  It took us about 20 mins to give up on this place.Stay away, run even.....you'll have better luck getting in Tryst (I've been to Tryst before) and I'm positive you'll have a much better time than if you go to Blush.
4	This was a pretty cool little lounge.  I thought it was very strange however that EVERY seated spot in the place was reserved, but we were early enough to enjoy the place with a seat for a while.  I love how the outside is open to the lounge yet closed off to everything else.  It is also pretty neat that they keep it nice and cool outside in this part of the lounge.  The ambiance of the entire place is pretty cool.  I also really liked the lanterns on the ceiling on the inside.  Once again though, hiphop is not my thang, so that would have to be my only complaint.  For some reason to me hiphop and "lounge" just don't go together.
4	Very fun..love the decor, and the music wasn't bad at all. I would definitely recommend it. The outdoor patio is nice as well :)
4	If you're looking for a true "lounge" that is a lot more chill and less dancey than a nightclub, this is your place.  The room is not all that big - more of a large bar than anything - and there is positively no dance floor.  I mean, you could dance in the aisles between couches, which are fairly large, but the music isn't made for it, or at least not when we went.Which was on a completely dead Monday night.  All the tables in the center of the lounge were reserved, but the ones around the edge were open.  All had a nice view of the ceiling, which is the nicest visual feature of this place... some modernist spin on Asian lanterns that constantly change colors.  There is a really nice patio in the back that they seem to air condition somehow, and the lounge seating here also wasn't reserved.  You can't look down or out from the patio (some big wall there), but you can look up, and there is a nice view of the stars.But the real winners here were the overpriced cocktails ($15 each).  The glasses of champagne (also $15) were all just OK, but we had a pomegranate martini that was life changing - enough so that I took down the menu's description of it on a napkin: ultimat black cherry vodka, POM pomegranate juice, rock candy syrup, and a splash of cranberry juice.  I think it was the flavored vodka that made it so good.... and I do recommend trying this at home.
1	We were looking for a lounge to hang out for our friends birthday weekend in Las Vegas.  We had VIP passes to Blush and wanted to go check it out so we did just that.  There was a long line to get into this place, but our passes got us right in without having to pay a cover charge.  Without the passes, it would have been $50 per couple and an hour (minimum) waiting in line just to get in.  There were six of us in all, but every seat (aside from the bar) was reserved.  There we stood, with everyone else in a lounge that played loud (and shitty) music.  The music was so loud in this "lounge" that you had to be ear to mouth to hear someone speak.  My friend went to the bar with our drink list consisting of a vodka and tonic, a vodka and cranberry, a rum and coke and two waters.  The bill was $54.  The water was Fiji water (not the big bottle, but the smallest bottle possible) was $6 each.  The other drinks were $14 each.  Not worth it.  I've had much better!  We will not be back.
3	It's ridiculous that they would charge $420 bottle service fee for you to get a booth inside the lounge.  But hey, it's Vegas, so nothing should surprise me any more!We were on the guest list so we didn't have to pay cover charge.  People were complaining about the music, but I actualy liked it.  It was an ecclectic mix of hip hop and other spins and good ole favorites from the 80s.  I thought the DJ was quite creative.The best part of this place is the incredible view from the outside patio of the Palazzo Tower.  It was really impressive!  The lay out of the lounge is not very conducive to dancing at all.  I know they want to make money with the bottle service so all the booths are reserved but that doesn't leave a lot of other room for dancing and when girls dance, they want to drink and so boys buy!!
3	Think of this as an addendum to Chiyo W.'s review of Blush :-p.The club should really reconsider their table service policy.  Because ALL seating in the club is table service, people gotta leave the club to find a seat. And about 4 of 15 tables were being used.  Since not many are willing to shell out $425 for a bottle of SKYY (so gross), lots of dead space around the club.I have to admit that people watching was super fun though.  On average, the men were late 40's, some in suits even, and the women were mid-late 20's.  And almost 90% of the girls were wearing the same skin tight, ass showing dress/skirt/booty shorts.Still, we had fun & our entire party didn't have to pay cover, even though there were 6 guys & only 2 girls :-p.
1	I went here once for my girlfriend's birthday and I liked the decor and the ambience when I first stepped in.Then I listened to the DJ.If there's anything that will determine how well my night will go, it's the music. If the DJ doesn't impress me, consider my night shot. This is probably one of the spots that I will absolutely avoid if they don't get better entertainment. On the night in question (mid May of this year), we were relaxing, drinking, and all of a sudden, the music stops, the theme to "Rocky" starts playing, and they interrupt everyone's "fun" to bring sparklers and a bottle of champagne to someone celebrating their birthday. On top of that, the music transitions were sub-par and on par with maybe, i don't know, a 5 year old playing with his "My First DJ Set"! Then I heard from one of the workers there that it was the OWNER who had the audacity to think he could DJ.STICK TO RUNNING THE BAR, NOT THE MUSIC!
4	OK people Blush is not a club at all but a lounge. So if you are looking for the mega Vegas club experience, I would go to Tryst instead.But I had a good time at Blush. It was a cute lil spot in the Wynn where it's not super crowded like the bigger places and it's a nice spot to stop by at before headin' to Tryst. And just like Tryst, it has that indoor/outdoor motif so you can either dance inside the club or go outside to the patio and smoke a cig. Hey my BF and I didn't have to pay cover here or at Tryst and got walked up to the front of the line so regardless, we had fun. Yeah we had to go outside to sit down for awhile but while we cooled down we also got to gamble! Music was okay - they would have spurts of bad music mixed with the good but oh well. I was too drunk to care and when I didn't like it, I just went out to gamble and came back in when the music picked up.
3	I had seen Blush plenty of times on other Vegas trips but never stopped in to see what it was all about.  So on my last trip to Vegas the opportunity presented itself .  Blush is a small lounge with an artsy decor.  Kind of like the rest of the decor at the Wynn.  There were lanterns on the ceiling.  The middle area of the lounge stood out because it was a luminous floor.  There was music and seating areas.  We didn't stay for long we just thought it was a good place to start the night off.  I don't know how the vibe is later but for the amount of time we spent there it was nice.  A definite lounge vibe not a whole lot of dancing.
4	I really liked Blush!  If you're in the mood to have good music and go to a smaller (still beautiful) hangout where there is still dancing - I'd say go for it.  It's probably also a great place to start the night before Tryst.  We went on Friday night and never made it to Tryst until really really late where the end of the night gets fuzzy so that doesn't count in my book hahaOur Group:3 girls (not our usual girls weekend). It was a thrown together weekend to meet up with my one friend who has a work conference next week.   We picked a loungy place so our one friend that flew in at 1:30-2:00 could meet us pretty easilyGetting In: Met promoter by our hotel pool.  No line at 10:30, less than 1 minute to get in.  No cover.Atmosphere:Inside/outside mix like Tryst.  Tons of lanterns on the ceiling.  Long bar on the left.  Center filled with booths.   Very prettyStaff:Bartenders were fine, nothing stood out.  More relaxed atmosphere than bouncers visibly regulating.Drinks:Maybe a little more expensive or average than club drinks.   We got bracelets from our promoter for free champagne until maybe midnight?  Then guys bought us drinksFor the single ladies:For us this was like a bar atmosphere.  I'm sure that guys were asking girls to be at tables but we didn't go that route. We ended up meeting several groups of guys that bought us drinks at the bar and danced with us. (It's harder when a place is smaller to hang out with multiple groups too haha)Dancing:I liked this music, top 40's commercial hip hop, older late 90's/early 00's stuff (which I love).   We were totally dancing from midnight on.VIP:I think all seating is reserved.   No private areas, just tables all over the lounge.   We did not hang out in/at VIP at this place other than dancing with a couple of guys that were by their tables and sitting to chat.Overall Experience:Would totally recommend it if you want a fun night but don't feel like navigating the huge multiple room experience of a Tao, Pure, etc.  When we were first there it was not that packed, peak crowd was midnight to one or two.  I think we went to Tryst around 2:30 with some new guy friends.
5	My friends and I agree after 3 trips here this is where we have fun. We normally get bottles at the bigger clubs and always say we'll do low key at blush. By the end of the night we are normally dancing on the tables here. The bottle prices are like a normal club but the experience and the attitude of the people in here is social.
5	Great ambience, drinks and interesting crowd. Hidden gem inside the Wynn. Would definitely recommend.
4	I was with a group in Vegas last weekend to celebrate three friends' birthdays and both nights we ended up at the Wynn and started our nights of drinking at Blush. We went both nights right when it opened at 9 pm, so we were practically the first ones there on Friday and Saturday night. We were able to just walk in and not pay any sort of cover (I imagine there is a cover, but I am not 100% sure on that). The space is dark, sophisticated and sexy with the bar to the left and a large seating/dance area to the right. The outdoor patio was really nice as we were able to sit down and relax in the cool outdoor weather. Drink prices were typically Vegas...$10 for mixed drinks. Arriving right when Blush opened meant fast bar service and the bartenders we encountered were quick and pleasant.I recommend going right when it opens to enjoy the space before it gets crowded. As much as I liked Blush, I couldn't imagine spending my whole night there.
4	The last time I was here it was Lure and I have to say that I enjoy the improvements. The central dance floor area is much more open now which is nice. We hit Blush all three nights we were in Vegas as kind of a first stop of the evening and that is what it is good for. There is no cover when you get there that early and there is plenty of room. I would not plan on spending the night here, and I certainly wouldn't get a table here, but as far as lounges go its solid. I actually enjoy the outside patio space more than I enjoy the inside space. The bouncers and servers are more than willing to let you lounge on the couches outside if the party that has reserved them has not shown up yet, which is a lot nicer than most places.Again, it's  a great place to start off your night, but not a destination in itself. Really, it's perfect for when you go to the Wynn for dinner and then come here for some drinks and then head out to Tao or Tryst or another great club. That's the perfect Vegas night right there. (Oh, well, cap it off with some gambling at the end!)
4	Went here for a netparty mixer type event last night. I really loved the ambience.. and for a mixer it was great that there was soo much seating. I loved the open air patio and they had space heaters everywhere out there to make the patio feel comfortable even on a night in November. Nice ambience.. nice music.. it was a great loungey sort of spot to start the evening, but honestly I'd be happy staying somewhere like this all night.
4	I can't speak to Blush as a club because my experience there was limited to experiencing the place as an early-evening lounge. When I walked in around 9pm on a Saturday with my group of friends, I could barely focus on the decor because I was too shocked by how empty the place was. In that sense, it would have been fun to stick around the whole night just to watch the place transform! When I did actually take a look at the decor, I was impressed and especially liked the multi-colored and unusually-shaped lanterns covering the ceiling. The pink floor was striking but a bit '80s looking. We ended up sitting outside on the patio for a drink or two and I really enjoyed that area. It wasn't too fancy (in fact, the neutral brown and camel color palette was a nice change from the very feminine interior, although I wonder if they just didn't renovate the patio that existed when this place was Lure) and felt more like the outdoor area of a trendy bar. Our drinks were sufficiently strong and priced as expected for Vegas. As Melissa H and Kristin S emphasized, it was also nice to not pay a cover. This was a great spot to stop by on the earlier side of our night out on the town. If I returned at a similar time of night, I'd definitely sit out on the patio and enjoy a drink or two over sitting in the empty inside area. After all, clubs really only feel like clubs if they're packed with sweaty people!
4	We ended up here randomly because we met someone who works for Blush while walking down the strip during the day time.  He invited us girls to Blush because we said we were headed to Tryst that night so he told us to come by before then head over to Tryst afterward.  We were skeptical at first because we didn't know if he was legit, but much to our surprise, he walked us right inside without any wait, and gave us wrist bands for free champagne all night.  The decor inside is really pretty.  It's a lounge so if you're looking for somewhere to dance, this is probably not the best option for you, but for somewhere to sit and drink and enjoy the beautiful scenery, you might want to check out Blush.
4	Blush seems to get a lot less attention than some of the other clubs around, which is fine if that means no cover and free champagne to soften us up for the bandit prices at Tryst.  It's actually quite nice inside.  Definitely smaller than the real crazy Vegas spots, with a dance floor that doesn't get too empty or too crowded, and a gorgeous lit outdoor patio.  The staff is courteous and the man who recruited us for free champagne shuttled us over to Tryst when we wanted to switch over there.  Because nice as Blush is, it isn't a full-night commitment.  If you're going all the way to Vegas, you can't very well leave without getting ripped off and elbowed in the face a few times - though on second thought, that doesn't sound too bad.
4	What a great place to people watch. What a collection of east, west and in between. The crowd does vary and comes and goes each night. What is with the packs of chicks taking their group mug shots all the time? JFC. Never a dull moment though. Between people on the prowl, hefty convention chicks and middle aged men being goofy you cannot go wrong. Always good time. HOT waitresses, great shoes and an occasional one with a personality Drinks are OK but it is truly a place to laugh, look and be merry and not have to drive anywhere.
4	I've been to Blush twice and both times I had a ton o fun! The people are super friendly. The drinks are potent and the music has a good vibe.We got there pretty early so there was no line although when we were leaving there was a long line out the door... To my tip, get there at a reasonable hour so you can reserve a seat.
4	Very cool lounge/club at Wynn.  I attended Blush for a private party.  I was impressed by the living room like furniture inside and a big open dance floor in the middle layout.  A large bar runs along the left side once you walk in and the bartenders are great, very quick.  It is not a very large place but it does offer a VIP room on the right side.  We had a DJ spinning some great music.  There is also an outdoor patio in the back  that is great for a refreshing breather.
3	Got invitied from a friend's client party at CES, it was definitly cool to just relax at the lounge at Wynn & enjoy the music, the drink, the outside heated patio for a drink/two.The crowd, the decor, the server was definitely really nice.Recommend you to check it out if you're looking for some option just to hang around during your stay at LV.
3	Okay, so I was there on a Wednesday night, by myself (on business) and didn't pay (the bouncers chatted me up during the day and put me on the guest list). The music was okay, but the crowd was weird, probably owing itself more to being during CES than anything. Lots of old men hitting on young women made me uncomfortable - so I didn't stay long.I've heard good things from others, though, and the crowd looked to be much better on the weekend (although I wasn't on the guest list so opted to spend my hard-earned cover dollars at Tryst)
3	While walking around the casino to digest what we ate at the Wynn Buffet, we passed by here and got the attention of the promoter who was outside. We were put on the guestlist and the only guy that was in our group got comped on his admission. Sah-weet! Free champagne and Grey Goose shots were given to the ladies for an hour. We would've stayed longer to take in the nice red glass dance floor and pulsating paper lanterns, but we didn't feel the vibe too much. There was alot of "mature clientele" here, if you get my drift. Also, the place was small, so it would've gotten crowded in no time. The venue itself is nice, and not a bad place to go to if you plan on club hopping. I would suggest that this be a first stop, just to get your pre-party on. Thanks Ryan for hooking us up!
3	Smaller club than most of the other clubs. You walk in literally into one big room and onto the one and only dance floor. To the right of the dancefloor is the bar and to the left of the dancefloor is the bathroom. There is an outside patio if you go straight back. So, you've got options =).  Fairly spacious. Personally, I found it more enjoyable to sit out here (Say Wha?????) than dance inside the club (which felt like I was in someone's living room or den). Overall = Older crowd, mostly women (I'd say 80% - good for guys), a small club that has a tasteful ambiance with subdued energy. I like it though. Sometimes you need clubs like Blush to throw into the mix.  Good to know you have an option for a more "relaxing" evening at a club against all the other high energy clubs in Vegas.
4	Blush is a big room with one long ass bar.   This is the PERFECT place to go before heading out to a major club.  the music is great and low enough to have a conversation.guys this is prefect because you can talk to the women here, then invite them over to the next club. That way you don't have to worry about the usual 1:1 girl  guy ratio.i'm glad i  had a chance to check this out
5	Went here for my gf's 30th. There was 8 of us and Larry at the front door was "nice" enough to let us get a table with 1 bottle only!! The ambiance was ok and the outside patio was closed due to rain. However, the drinks are very expensive but it's not much different than any other Vegas club. 5 stars you ask? Service...the absolutely best service I have ever had any establishment. The hostess/server (I forgot her name) was a hawt blonde and very accommodating. She was also very attentive (never had an empty glass) and when we ordered shots (3 rounds), we never waited longer than 5 minutes for her to bring them to us. I also want to give major props to Ronnie, our hostess' assistant. This guy was on the ball and we had fresh glasses and full chasers the whole night. He also let our friends bum a cigarette off him as well! I have always felt obligated to tip at these kinds of establishments but I was more than happy to hook Ronnie up. Go here and have a good time but don't forget your wallet!! And say hi to Ronnie for me! =P
4	Blush is more of a boutique lounge than a nightclub and, as such, it's a great place to start your night. It's small, intimate, and beautiful inside, with a great atmosphere. Hundreds of lanterns cover the ceiling and change colors, giving the place a great vibe.When you walk in, there is a long bar across the entire left wall where you can grab a drink, then head straight back to the patio. If you'd rather stay inside, there's tons of cozy seating for chatting it up with others.When I was there, people were dancing in the middle while others watched from sofas and arm chairs. Very fun. There's also some coves on the right wall where you can grab a seat and mingle with friends and other partygoers.It's inside Wynn, so the crowd was quite classy. Overall, really liked this place and would definitely go back. I got in for free 'cause my sexy best friend and I are good at working the bouncers. Not sure it's worth a $30 cover unless you plan on spending a while there. Personally, I like an hour there at the start of the night. Then it's off to the bigger and better!
2	I had a boring time here. First, they sat my group of 8 people on a reserved table of 5. We kindly asked us if they could move us to a bigger table since all of us couldn't sit, but instead just brought a couple of extra chairs which blocked the walk way, so we had strangers bumping into us. Next they charged us like $8420984032 for one bottle. The music sucked and i think there was only like 3 stalls in the girls bathroom.Service was alright, but I think they could have done better.I'll give them a another try next time, since this was my first time coming here. But I don't think I want to come again.
4	we got a hold of some free passes for blush on friday night. we ended up at blush after leaving XS early. got in free. music was off the hook. a lot of space to dance. there was a nice outdoor area. my friends and i definitely had a lot more fun here then at XS. the space was smaller and more like a lounge but we still had a great time.
5	MY FAVORITE PLACE IN ENCORE/WYNN.Thank you Fidel for hooking us up.Hella good music, really nice lounge area in/outdoors, very nice staff.If you're looking for some fun without all the "excess" (get it?), check out Blush.
2	blush is a cool place to hang out.. idk if it's a lounge. felt like it.. but with a club crowd? there's not enough places to chill and a million ppl walking around and around each other..   music was very typical vegas which isn't a favorite of mine but i deal.. and overall.. drinks f*'d me up... so maybe paying the price is worth it?   idk.. it's real pretty inside though..
4	Pretty swanky club, especially if the whole club is rented out because of the conference you're at.Lots of plush seats, cool lanterns that change colors on the ceilings, outside patio area, and delicious drinks! The compromised cardini that was made for our party (mostly absolut pear and a bunch of other tasty alcohol) was fabulous. And cute, since it was pink.The music was pretty low key, but I have to say, this is one of the better clubs I've been to.
4	Blush is a gorgeous looking lounge. It is great for pre-partying, after dinner drinks, or for a chill night. If you're looking for wild Vegas night, this is most likely not the place to have it but, as I said, it is a good set-up place.
3	u know... i really want to like this place ... A LOT... and i REALLLY wanted to give this place 4 stars... BUT...DUDE... when you see people in their 40s all grinding up on each other on the dance floor and acting drunk, falling all over the place, and pretty much acting like they are in their 20s but they really are not... it's sort of a TURN OFF...so i am hoping & praying that this just happened to be the case when I went (although it was a saturday night) ...i'm definitely willing to give this place another try.  cuz this place definitely has potential...
1	Stopped in here a little before midnight on a Friday night. The club is laid out kind of like a big living room with an outdoor patio in the back. Friend of mine chatted up some girls outside and got us in for free. Dress code didn't seem to be an issue. I was wearing a really casual polo and blue jeans (didn't have time to stop back at the hotel and change before going out due to other issues). Drinks were insanely priced (A "short" redbull vodka was $17). The place was packed and cramped. Bartender service was terrible. The line was always 6 people deep, and the bartenders were in no hurry to get your drink. The other thing that really annoyed me was they stopped bar service for 10 minutes so they could do a mini-fashion show and have some lingerie models walk out on top of the bar. Once service started again the line for drinks was insanely long. Took 35 minutes to get a refill. I also got yelled at by a bouncer for sitting down at the "wrong" couch. There was no one sitting on one particular cushion (enough for one person) although there were people seated at the other spots and nothing to indicate I couldn't sit there. The other people seated didn't seem to know each other. It even looked like all of the other couches, but he came by and said "move it, VIP". I said "excuse me?" Since I didn't even understand what he was referring to at this point. He got in my face and put his arm on my shoulder and said "do we have a PROBLEM?!". Ridiculous. I could have had fun if the bartenders weren't incredibly slow, the staff was nicer, it wasn't incredibly overpriced, and it wasn't so packed. After all the other stuff I had a run-in with a snobby customer who seemed to think she owned the place and her little spot on the dance floor so that sealed the deal for me. I had to get out. I felt kind of bad, because the friend I was with really was enjoying herself dancing and wanted to stay but I really had enough.
4	I realized on my trip to Vegas this weekend that I'm getting too old for the club scene.  I love to dance, so I end up going to them quite often, especially when I'm in Vegas, but it's just all starting to seem kind of, shall I say, stupid?  A pain in the ass?  Pretentious?Blush was exactly what I needed.  They call it a "boutique nightclub;" I call it a lounge.  It's beautiful inside, with lots of red, and interesting lights on the ceiling that look like upside-down chess pieces.  The crowd is somewhat older, and civilized.  We had gotten in free thanks to the adorable Tavo, who had found us shopping in the Forum earlier in the day.  Our bracelets also got us free champagne from 11:30-12:30, which we took full advantage of.The music was pretty good- mostly dance mixes of songs that already had a good dance beat to begin with, but the dj kept it moving.  Great place if you want to avoid the wild "What happens in Vegas....bla bla" crowd.
2	a few of the clubs back home pretty much s**tted on this place, which is pretty sad for a vegas club.we got talked into going by a promoter.. it was not as good as he said it would be.music sucked.i'm 25, but the crowd was a very MUCH older crowd.to say the least, i won't be going back to blush again.
4	If your young, hot, and have oodles of cash ( well if your a female you can eliminate the cash portion) this is an amazing place to "sight see"!Sex sells in Vegas, and this boutique club is SEXY! The plush velvet couches, and hand blown glass lighting makes this place "out of this world" hot! Well you can say most of Vegas is really "out of this world"!I took it for what it was, enjoyed my $14 infused Mojito and enjoyed the scenery!I was lucky enough to be a guest at the hotel and therefore was not charged the $30 cover.Blush is a postcard lounge, and should be enjoyed like the fantasy it is!
4	very nice little club inside the wynn....they're not the most linient in letting people in though... but my fren got a bottle so we got a table and relaxed on the couches =) !!! yaaay! the waitress was awesome too ^_^it's not crowded at all so i loved that....i actually want to check out tryst which is also in the wynn.. but maybe next time =) overall they have some nice designs in this club and decent music =)
4	Blush has a very cool vibe. There are couches all over the place and an open patio in the back. The decor is gorgeous especially all of the Asian inspired paper lamps hung from the ceiling. The night that we were there Flo Rida performed, which made for an awesome last night in Vegas. A lot of previous reviews have said that Blush is for an older crowd but that was definitely not the case the night that we were there. It was tons of fun and a little smaller and more intimate than some of the other clubs but still has plenty of room to dance.
4	Came to Blush on a Sat night around 130am because my friends and i were looking for a chill place to dance.  They were trying to charge us 30 dollars for guys and girls which was ridiculous because us ladies could get into XS , which is a lot nicer, for 20 dollars. We were about to walk away when the promoter decided to let us in for free. the music was AWESOME. it is what they would play in bay area clubs.. i feel like all other clubs in vegas cater to all sorts of crowds so they play a wider range of music (which sometimes is really weird) The interior has really cute decor and outside there is a nice patio for people to sit at.  i would definitely come back when im in vegas again.
3	No line to get in, no cover. New place to check out - why not? I had a lot of fun here and loved the music. It was pretty packed. Good crowd. Funky ceiling fixtures, nice outdoor patio with another bar and seating areas. The catch: it wasn't anything special. Totally out of place in Vegas. I guess they do call it a "boutique nightclub" so that's fair. It's rather small and just not what you'd expect in Sin City. Good for those looking for something more lowkey and don't want to go to a big ol' crazy club. Probably why we went there Friday, then to XS Saturday ;)
4	For some reasons, I like this place, for one it is small, for two, there is no ridiculous line to get in, which made this place a great place to be on Friday night. Just call ahead and get yourself on the guess list, then you will be in for free.The decor is nice, the place have a small outdoor at the back. Most of the people here is a little chill compare to the other mega club such as Tao and SX.I like the music here, mostly the lastest dance pop song, nothing too crazy, but enough to get you jump on the dance floor.
4	Really cool place with no cover! Well, at least we didnt pay a cover to get in :)Probably showed up around 1045 on a wed night and the place was d-e-d dead. We were able to get some seats outside (without paying $400)and had a great time without even really going into the "club" area. More people eventually dropped by; but it never really got that busy. Great decor on the inside and drinks were strong.If you're staying at the Wynn, the concierge can probably get you without cover.
5	This place was really cool. Went here on a saturday APR.11th. The promoters said Justin Timberlake was just there the night before. I did really see some crazy shit here and tons of beautiful people.  I believe the cover was $30 that night but I was on the guestlist and got in free so that was very cool.  Mixed drinks were all like $15, a  bit pricey but it felt like an exclusive environment.  It was alot of fun, nice place to just relax with friends and family that I was with.
4	We were turned away by XS (charging cover for girls?  c'mon man) but I like this lounge-y place. The crowd seemed to be from the mid 20's to the older crowd but we had our own group of girls there so it was ok. There is an outdoor patio with lots of lights that allows you to get some fresh air. I would've given this place 3 stars since the crowd was so-so (seems less exciting than the bigger clubs which is what vegas is for!!!)  but I will tack on the extra star since the MUSIC was good.  I don't like to listen to random house / techno mixes (give me the top 40) and the DJ that night threw in Michael Jackson, Britney and Justin Timberlake plus a staple for us --- California Love. Also lots of Lady Gaga --- I don't personally listen to this music but if I'm going to be at a bachelorette party and I have to dance -- this is what I want to hear. I took off my shoes and stood next to a table to avoid from being stepped on and the guards politely asked me to put on my heels / deathtraps.  They could've been total a-holes but asked nicely so I obliged.  And then took my heels back off when they left.
4	Again, as a place to start an evening out in Las Vegas, Blush did not disappoint. Five of my group of eight decided to go to Blush before heading over to Body English and since we arrived a few minutes after 9, we were the first ones there and didn't pay cover. Mixed drinks will run you about $11 and beers around $9 - standard Vegas pricing.If you go early in the night, they let you sit at any of the tables which we took advantage of by sitting outside. The outside area is definitely my favorite part of Blush. We stayed at Blush for about an hour and twenty minutes before heading over to Body English and when we left, there were maybe twenty people in the whole venue. Again, not a place I would spend a whole night, but it's a great place to start a night out especially if you are over near the Wynn.
4	Met some random dude at the MGM pool that hooked it up with a deal for bottle service for 9 of us guys. When we got there, there was a private party going on for some tall black dude (probably a sports celebrity) and after it was over around 11 they let us in. Mostly girls in line and a shit load of them inside. Got a center table on the dance floor after tipping some douche waiter a hundred which was supposedly for his manager..bullshit.      Place was legit and just like the rest of the Wynn, real classy. Outside open patio was beautiful and chill. Hella good music all night from just about every era and genre. Its a low-key spot compared to Excess and Tryst and all the other big time spots but I had a better time here then the ones i just mentioned. Had my booze goggles on all night and had a good ass time.
3	I was bored.  I think the crowd is too old for me. I know, one day I will be old too...but until then, I will stay away from here.  Blush is great if you like breathing room.  It's fairly empty compared to a lot of places. The decor is modern and classy.  The music is house, which I guess is good if that's what you like.
5	So much fun!!!  Great service, cool people, check it out.  If you want the club experience, but something a bit more laid back, intimate, go here.  Ask for Alex, he's the best host!  Get a table outside to avoid the crowds.
4	One of the best loungie-club places in Vegas.  Dress sharp, pay the cover, and have a GREAT time with a good looking, fun crowd.  The music is always bumping, and the mood is fun.  I try to hit Blush every time I go to Vegas!Note - this IS a bit older crowd, so if you are 21, not dressed to kill, or not interested in dancing/mingling, this is not the place!
4	I always seem to end up in this lounge/mini-club when we bring guys to Vegas!  It's easy to get into this club even though the bouncers act all hard core.  Last time we came to Blush it was because we waited in line at the Tryst.  This is how it goes down at the TRYST : You wait in line forever to get into the Tryst.  Either you can drop bills and pay the bouncers off or drop the guys.  Shoot I've even seen girls get the smack down trying to sneak by the bouncers and it's pretty funny.  So anyway, if you decide to stay with the guys (which I heart my boyfriend so I always stay with him) then you have to either:A.  Get a table.  Just spend the money, it's Vegas!B.  Throw some cash under the table to the bouncer.C.  Wait forever.Those are your choices and there is no way around it.  I don't care how hot you are, if guys outnumber you in your party you will get the smack down.    Oh yeah and dress hot because that always increases your chances (show your body!).OK so you didn't listen to me, you weren't willing to drop money, you wore a cardigan and you had guys in your group and you waited in line at the Tryst.  You get frustrated and now you're at Blush.The Blush bouncers must have a complex that they're not at the Tryst because they really have an attitude. It's ok, just play the game and you'll get in.  Then PARTY TIME!!!!  Good music, good drinks and good times!!! You're in a mini-club (Vegas Standards) but this mini-club plays good music and is a really fun place to go.
4	You can hold conversations at this night club because the music isn't as loud as most other clubs. The scene is more intimate and is better suited for a couple or if you want to actually talk to somebody. The decor was really nice and the staff were professional. There was no cover for us because we got passes for all of us.We got here before Jet and XS and got a few rounds of drinks. I think we had a few rounds of Henn and Coke. We sat outside on a table and it was pretty nice, but we wanted to go to a busy and loud club so we headed out after about 45 minutes or so. I can see myself bringing a special lady here to relax and enjoy a few drinks.
4	I was surprised by this boutique club, whatever that means. It was a Saturday night and we were gonna try XS but when we saw that the line stood, I don't know, three miles long? We bolted and ended up at Blush. There were ladies promoting Booty Parlor at the entrance giving away product samples (love it) and at the bar was free champagne for ladies till midnight. Who can complain? Get a glass, drink it down, refill it, repeat*. After that, it was a good night.*Great decor in the small but cute bathrooms. Glass shard/disco ball walls, huge mirror on the way out, actual doors on the stalls.
4	This place was more of a lounge then anything else, but really nice inside. It would be better to get bottle services, that way you don't have to stand around because most of the seats are reserved. The girls just got lucky to find seats, what a blessing. They also have free champagne from 11-12 on Fridays, same as for Saturday but you had to get on the guest list.Great music and a cool hang out for such a small place, great mix crowd.
4	This is a very nice little spot inside the Wynn. Getting in seems not to be too bad of a problem but that's not because no one is there. My group and I went twice, Wed. an Fri. nights and the crowd was obviously better on the weekend and they played hip-hop on Friday compaired to house music on Wed. We were taken care of by Kevin Lee at the front that helped take care of a group of 17. I recommend this place for a nice experience without having to wait in a huge line forever.
1	omg this place is a joke ... so giving blush a second shot was a big waste of time ...  this pretty much sums it up power tripin security guards ... stupid chairs that stick out into the isle way which they call a dance floor ... blah
1	Save your money and time.  Seriously overrated, crowded and expensive.  The security are dickheads not above ruining a group of girls celebrating with a bachelorette by kicking us out over one of the girls stepping on one of their couches to get by people while there were people dancing on the damn seats to begin with.  What the hell was he doing standing his big ass in the middle of the dance floor for when it was hella crowded already?  Overall, people at the door - dicks. Security - dicks.  Asshole guy who told us to not stand on the carpet near their door (what you own that shit? it's part of the freaken casino) - dick.  Bar - too damn expensive, $160 for 8 grey goose shots, for real?!??!
3	Hmmmmm.  So how to describe Blush?  Swanky.Sexy.Sleek.Yup, that's pretty much my summary.  If it's at the Wynn, it has to be pretty upscale, don't you think?  Oh yes.  The promoters comp'ed our entrance (girls AND guys), but we got there pretttttty early.  10:30, to be exact.    On the plus side, we were able to stake our claim by the bar for easy access.  Holler.  Now, the promoter also told us that girls were treated to free 'drinks' from 11-12.  Too bad these 'drinks' only consisted of champagne.  At first, I was disappointed.  Six glasses later, I could care less.  The music was a little strange - Souljah Boy mixed with Journey, what?  The bartenders were a little attitude-y.  Meh.  The bathrooms were pretty cool, though. 15 Ken dolls were lined up in one of the stalls.  Kitchy, disturbing, but cute.  Good times.  Love the Wynn.
4	This place is pretty chill, it's a nice lounge-y place. The music is great and I'm a huge fan of the ambiance. Not quite what I'd consider a crazy party club but more of a "chill, some people dance, many people just drink and linger" type of place. Had a great time there, don't get me wrong. Also, the free, unlimited champagne helped (try to get a pink bracelet, this unlocks the doors to the free champagne) otherwise, drinks are quite expensive which is a downer. The line is down the hall by midnight so try to get in slightly earlier.
3	It didn't look as nice as pictures on Wynn's website.  But it was a cute place, meaning small in space.   The decoration was sweet.  And I liked the patio part.It was in Wynn so must be within $$$ range.  I will wait for the VIP night for ladies (all drinks are free).
3	Blush is a boutique club, so I was expecting it to be a small club. If anything, I would describe this place as a lounge. If you do not get table service, you will find yourself bumping elbows with strangers by the bar area or just awkwardly standing around.Because of the loungy feel, you also don't get a lot of dancing in. I went on a weeknight which was full of locals but they had a great special. Free admission as long as you were on the guestlist, and open bar for the ladies.I just want to clarify their open bar- it's not really open bar and they take advantage of it. I ordered a drink and when they gave me a bill of $15, I looked at them very confused. They told me that the only thing that can account for "open bar" are sky vodka with 1 mixer or their house champagne - say what!? You should have mentioned that at the door rather than attract us to go in with your "open bar" pitch.Nevertheless, still worth it if you don't mind having vodka-cranberries or vodka-fruit juice throughout the whole night
4	I like Blush. Five ***stars*** for the music! Probably one of the better DJ's I've heard in a Vegas club. Club is very small (but no in a bad way, let's call it: intimate). The floor lights up! Haha, yes I am entertained by the little things. VIP cocktail waitresses are sweethearts. Tuesday is industry night so locals! That's your night. Most memorable moment of the night: the bathroom. The bathroom attendant told me to "have a nice pee." I love that! Very considerate ;) hahaha.
2	Not quite my cup of tea. It's a chill little lounge. We got in for free, so I can't complain. The crowd is pretty much older. There were also a few cougars, well independent cougars, if that makes it any better. I was quite bored just standing around. Just go to Club XS instead!! Right across the casino.
2	My friend's club promoter friend were able to get us into XS for free, and he also said he'd be able to hook us up with free drinks at Blush at 11pm so we dropped by here after we had already gotten admission into XS.Blush is called a "boutique club" for a reason - it is on the smaller and more intimate side.  There's one long bar area and some booths with a very small dance floor.  The crowd here is mostly older - I saw A LOT of cougars on the prowl.As for the free drinks, it wasn't quite what we expected.  We thought it was unlimited alcohol of any sort, but they were only offering free CHAMPAGNE to the women.  You had to get a wristband and be on the guestlist to get the champagne.  Eh, I guess champagne counts as alcohol, and nothing beats free.  This place definitely cannot compete with XS, which is just down the way in the same hotel (Encore).
5	Ape and Rich. In Vegas on Halloween. Toss in some Kaskade and a gallon of vodka cranberries, and well, you have a recipe for an insanely fun night. We arrived around 11pm or so. We were about three cocktails full by the time we filed in line behind "drunk ass Brittany" and her seven even drunker, dressed as slutty (fill in the Halloween costume here) friends. We had purchased tickets online, expecting it to sell out pretty quick. I am glad we did, because after entering the club, we could see that it was packed wall to wall with drunk tourists dressed in their finest renditions of hookers dressed as (insert job uniform here). We promptly squeezed ourselves into a space at the bar and opened a tab. Our bartender was courteous and quick. She remembered our orders each time we approached the bar and she didn't seem to skimp on the vodka we had her mix with cranberry. Our drinks were more of a pink hue than red. Nice. The club is small, but that's expected at a boutique club. The lighting and dance floor are a very classy and eye-catching touch. I especially enjoyed the multicolored Chinese lanterns that flashed to "Move for Me". Overall, this is a f*cking fantastic place to kill your insides and dance to some music. Worth every single penny I spent there, and each of the five stars I gave it. ***Best part of the night (besides Kaskade's awesome set)*** When Apryl saw a guy dressed as "Jesus" doing a bumpie in the middle of the VIP section! Yes. Classy JC, classy.
4	Came here on a Wed night not knowing what to expect and was pleasantly surprised.  I orginally thought it'd be yet another "ultra-lounge" (which I usually hate) but turns out this is more of a "boutique nightclub".  Vegas needs more of these!  Loved the decor, the waitress was very friendly and the DJ was on point!  The outdoor patio is nice too.  Overall, a great place to begin your night, end your night or just stay at all night.
3	Initially, I felt like writing a complaint to hotel management for charging a ridiculous $20 cover for ladies and $30 for guys...even though we were guests in the hotel! Since when do women pay for cover in Vegas?! Unheard of. Yes, I know all about the line passes they hand out during the afternoon, but that's just absurd. We're already forking over a few bills for a room at the Wynn/Encore. The least they can do is hook their guests up with free cover in a not-so-happenin' lounge...on a Thursday nonetheless!Fortunately for us, we ran into the owner of Blush outside at the taxi stand with the intent of moving our party people to Jet @ The Mirage. All we told him was that we were staying at Encore and felt jipped being asked to pay $30 cover, which then he busted out a business card and a pen and wrote "comp group" for us. What a sweet deal! Much love to Pauly for being so understanding and cool with our situation!I don't recall ever partying in Vegas on such a dead night. Then again, it was a Thursday after all. Walked in to a nearly empty lounge with just a handful of folks hanging out by the bar. Regardless, my friends and I had loads of fun completely dominating the dance floor. Blush is a much much much older crowd looking for a chill evening to just sit on the couches with a drink in hand. The dance floor is itty bitty and the music was crappy, but danceable. I enjoyed the heated lamps and lighting in the outdoor patio. Would I come back? Probably not. Unless Pauly can hook it up again.
5	Lounge night: so awesome!I had a really fun, relaxing time here. The lanterns are so awesome!! I could watch them all night like the Bellagio fountains. =)The service was nice, also. Comfortable lounge furniture. Good music, not insanely loud. Just exactly my kind of place. Yay!
3	Stars go to:Excellent bar serviceNice decor (what I saw of it because this place is insanely dark)Cute outdoor area and bathroomsComfortable seating areas with some cozy spotsThe crowd on a Saturday is a weird mix, definitely some older guys is what I noticed (Sad I missed the cougars in other people's reviews they are fun to watch) and most people get bottle service, so it's not really the best place to go out and get your mingle on.Music was a little random and at some points in the night if something too funky came on and you looked around the dance floor people were just standing around.Also there are a ton of employees keeping the place clean/safe/vomit-free which is great but they don't waste any time being polite.Cool spot if you are with a group of friends with bottle service, but difficult to venture off on your own and meet some new stranger to take home with you, if that's what you're into...
3	the pros: - easy entrance thanks to chatting with one of the XS promoters (a surprisingly friendly, helpful, and seemingly down-to-earth guy that was hanging out in front of XS answering questions about purchasing a table for NYE... ranging from 1K up to 10K!) and getting contact info for a blush promoter (also equally prompt and friendly) who escorted us in. when we walked into wynn from the parking structure (around 11:30ish) there was also a guy giving away comp VIP entrance to ladies- mixed scene- fun people-watching- elegant decor- great music: oh how i heart old school music... go tupac!- outside area... with few smokers! of note there's a bar outside so don't waste your time getting pushed around insidedowners:- OVER-crowded (and thus long wait for the 3 stalls in the ladies' bathroom) and unfortunately difficult to dance (no dance floor... more like dancing in the aisles between the tables)- typical over-priced vegas drinks ($15 for a long island). i saw a girl pull out $10 after ordering a cocktail and immediately knew it was her first time in vegas- the fact that i'm getting old: LMFAO was scheduled to perform the night we were there but we got sleepy around 1:30am and left before they hopped on the bar and did their thing... and i'm in las vegas, trick!
4	Lovely, small space with a cute little teeny tiny backyard.  I'm a bit confused about the chaise lounges though; is anyone really going to lounge here?  Maybe we'll just assume they're benches.  They were comfy in any case.Loved the ceiling, though I doubt that will be the case in 5 years.  Loved the mirrored tile in the ladies room; I'm sure that will always be Vegas appropriate.We had an event here and I don't know who catered it (the hotel itself or one of the restaurants) but the carbs and cheese we were served were AWESOME.  There was a huge line for milkshakes so they must've been good as well.I imagine this place gets packed, which I'm not really into, so I don't know that I'd want to hang out here on a weekend evening.  Really nice space though, and all of the servers and bartenders were sweet as pie.  Loved the little drawers where you can stash your stuff too - nice touch.
2	Checked out Blush after Tryst around 3 am on a Friday night.  Interior is beautiful inside but that's about it.  The music was bad and the place was dead, a good portion of the sparse crowd was comprised of middle aged people trying to get their groove on dry humping each other on the dance floor which always creeps me out a little. Needless to say we pounded our drinks and left.
3	Had a corporate party here. A bit small so with all the furniture it is difficult to move around. The back patio is a nice escape from the loud music and talking so you can hear yourself and your friends. The food they served was pretty good. It is a pretty normal night club.
4	Got here at 2:30am one night, and it wasn't crowded at all.  Not sure how they categorize Blush, but it's more of a lounge than a club.  Obviously at that time, there wasn't much of a crowd anymore, so the 4 star is only for the decor.  Plus, the bouncer (a lady!) was really funny and not snobby like the other club bouncers.
2	Went here on Tuesday night.  The venue is beautiful and busy.  Security/entrance was fine.Bottle service was horrible.  Ordered 4 bottles and hardly ever saw our cocktailer Tatiana.  As cute as she is, the service was just poor.  I had to go to the bar myself to ask for clean cups and bring the dirty ones.  Maybe she was overwhelmed, not sure but for a Vegas nightclub, not what I'm used to.
2	Tiny and the music sucks.... that's all I have to say about this place!
3	Spence from King of Queens works the velvet rope.  Seriously.  He tortured my ass Tuesday night, which is apparently industry night... whatever that means.  I think it means stripper night, though. I, along with my coworkers, were on some list, so we didn't have to pay the ridiculous cover.  Thank God, it so would have NOT been worth it.  Unfortunately, Spense made us wait forever to get in and I think it either had something to do with the guy in our group or the fact that it was stripper night and we weren't dressed for sex.  Have you ever been forced to take out someone you have nothing in common with and honestly don't want to spend 10 minutes with let alone an entire evening?  A sales rep loaded her dorky son off on all of the young girls in the company.  He was socially retarded and would look over his glasses when he talked to you instead of just looking through them (Ok, I sound like a total bitch. Nothing wrong with glasses, in fact, they can even be sexy.  I'm just nitpicking because I couldn't stand this guy).  My coworkers and I agreed the best thing about him was his dog.  This stranger in the elevator overheard us and mumbled on his way out, "Glad I'm not that guy."  It was weird because his mom is so great.  I get the feeling she coddled his ass into being a mama's boy.  I feel bad writing this, but he was just so strange and I am pissed that I was forced into hanging out with him my last night in Vegas.  We had 6 spots on the list and he made 7, so we ended up having to wait in line forever.  FOREVER.  I would've gone back to the hotel, but I felt like all the waiting shouldn't be for nothing.  And that damn Spence kept teasing us. Once inside, I bee-lined it for the bar and promptly did a shot of vodka.  At least the bartender was on top of things.  Blush was beautiful inside, but tiny and crowded compared to the Vegas clubs I'm used to.  I felt like Blush was the same as anything my hometown of Scottsdale has to offer.  After having money rain on the dance floor at Tao, Blush was a big disappointment.  My coworkers and I did a lap, had a drink and left.  Woo-fucking-hoo.  The next day I had to endure lame jokes about Mama's Boy being my new boyfriend.
2	Blush will make you do just that.  It's a sweet pink club with an older crowd and short lines.  You'll breeze right in.There's an outdoor patio, which I adore as most Vegas clubs don't have any outdoor space.  It was must to cold when I visited but the heaters were on outside which helped.Facillies were clean.  Although, the bar tenders were a bit snobbu and difficult to order from even though the crowd was thin.Grab free champagne until Midnight on weekends!
4	I think this is a very good place to go to if you only want a small place to hang out in instead of those big clubs. But that is probably my only problem. It got crowded at times. The music is awesome. I've been there twice within six months and it is apparently the same dj. He always plays the latest music, but also has a few throwbacks. Who would hear Steve Winwood in a club nowadays? The workers are super nice. The bartender hooked us up while the bathroom attendant took pictures for us. She even posed us.We got hooked up for free champagne until midnight. I would have easily been able to hang out here all night. There is an outside patio too if you need that fresh air!
5	Although Blush Nightclub is a GREAT VENUE for HOUSE MUSIC on WEDNESDAY nights, be sure to check which DJ's are playing since they change weekly.  My recommendation for amazing sets is to go check out the nights when Frank Richards and Jason Lema plays.  We Love HOUSE on Wednesday nights....I give Blush 5 stars!
3	i feel like all clubs inside wynn/wncore are all different sizes of the same club.  blush is a mini version of tryst.  xs is a gigantic version of tryst etc.there is a small outdoor area, no fountain.  small dancefloor and lots of tables.we eventually left to go to tryst.this last time we went, i went through a host and he got us in free.  there was also free champagne from 1130 to 1230.  it was pretty crowded.  not sure if its because summer is coming.
4	Aside from the ridiculous prices (especially for a glass of champagne), I LOVE BLUSH! Always have, always will. Whenever our friends are in town and want to go out, we always point them to Blush and they are never disappointed. It gets a little crowded if you don't have a table so I recommend you get one. Their bottle prices aren't as bad as the other places. The music is always fabulous and the people are just the same. I give Blush 4.5 stars docking half a point for the prices.
3	Well I had fun here but most people will think it sucks. I'll start with the negatives: It's small, older crowd, whatever music, expensive drinks (its at the Wynn).Positives: Small and intimate, older crowd (you can actually be social), very low profile. Again, if your looking for the mega vegas experience and seek an uber-club, dont come here. If you're looking for a no frills experience, this is it.
5	Love that place! good memories
3	So me and my friends were lounging around the pool at Paris Hotel.  We get approached by this one guy asking us if we were going out tonight.  We were pretty much going with the flow when we got to Vegas so we were willing to check it out.  He got us on the list so free is always better.  When we walked in I had a deja vu moment.  I realized I was there before a few years a go.  They had a private party the night I went so we couldn't step outside which was disappointing.  The crowd the night I went was a mixture of older people and a few younger people.  I like the venue.  It is pretty spacious with a lot of places to sit.  The lights on the ceiling are really pretty.  I really didn't like the music because the DJ kept changing the music from rock to 80s to house to mainstream.  Changed the song every 5 seconds also.  Kinda got annoying.  I just thought it was okay.  Nothing that special.
3	it was saturday night and there was absolutely no line. everyone was at tryst and xs. very small club with lots of tables. outside patio for smoking cigarettes if i remember correctly.. (too much rumpyz) drinks were what youd expect. $15 long islands and $17 shots of rumpyz. it wasnt popping off like the other clubs but i liked the idea of being able to dance comfortably and not have to sit in an overpacked bar for drinks.
4	A good "boutique" nightclub, but I would rather call it a lounge.This place is really small for a club so I think it should be under the lounge category. The ambiance of this place is really nice. The dance floor is a little small and if you don't have table service, this place can really blow. Good: Great lounge and quick service.Bad: This place is a bit small.Final: A fun lounge to go to and make sure you get table service!
3	my bf and I went to Blush because we got on the guest list. We both had never heard of it, but with free entry in vegas we decided to check it out. This is def not a night club, it has a way more relaxed lounge-y feel. The decor is pretty cool and the bartenders and bouncers are nice. The drinks are super pricey, but its vegas so thats to be expected. The free champagne was gross, but again its free so I cant really complain too much. Lots of middle aged gentlemen roam this club so if you are a young female you WILL get hit on. The bottle service girls are gorgeous so if you are a group of guys def opt for the bottle service and have a stunning lady wait on you all night long.
5	LOVED this place! maybe i'm biased because i'm a girl and my girlfriends and i got in for free (we were on a promoter's list) and there was free champagne for girls until midnight!the people there are RIDICULOUSLY nice! usually vegas clubs, the bartenders and bathroom attendants could care less about you and all they want are tips, but the bartenders are really nice and so are the hosts. the bathroom attendant was even dancing along to the music!the actual space is pretty small but the people are nice and friendly (and will buy you drinks) and everyone starts dancing as they get more alcohol in them =)i definitely recommend that you go!
3	No coat check in Vegas? Really? That's gotta be some type of sin. And then you yell at us for looking through a pile of black jackets since everyone has black peacoats and we had no where else to put them while dancing other than in a pile on a couch? You can't play music for people to dance to and not give them somewhere to put their jackets. Drinks are pricey here, but hey it is Vegas and drinks are pricey everywhere. At least the bar is big, and the bar tenders were pretty quick at getting to people. But this whole bar is just set up more light a lounge and not a nightclub. There isn't really a dancefloor here, but there is a connected outdoor patio which is nice with heating lamps and a half/mini outdoor bar. But this place is pretty small overall, which is why in my book it isn't really a nightclub at all. The ceiling is pretty cool though with their collection of various paper like lanterns hanging overhead. They make for a cool photo and is definitely not something you see everywhere in life. But would I ever pay a cover for this bar? Nope. This bar in my opinion shouldn't have a cover since it is really just a lounge. We got in free with our conference group, but like I said if you have to pay a cover really not worth it in my book. There are lots of comfy couches here so if you treat it like a lounge which it should be anyway it is decent. The word nightclub is definitely a misnomer for this place.
5	I went here couple weeks ago on a friday night before my girlfriends official bachelorette party at surrender nightclub and encore beach club. All 3 venues were inside of wynn/encoreAll 3 venues are owned and operated by the same person so i kind of figured if i was happy with the service here, i'd be happy at any of theres.I walked in and couldn't take my eyes off those little light lamp things they have hanging on the walls! One of the guys that worked there told us there were over 300 of them.. Sooo pretty!It is one of the smaller nightclubs but there music compared to any of the other nightclubs i went to in the past was def 10x better!Free admission of ladies on the guestlist and i believe the cover charge for guys is $30..My host that booked our reservations for encore beach club and surrender nightclub also helped us get table there.  I believe its 5-6ppl per bottle but she worked it to where 10 of us walked in with only 2 bottles and the other 10 walked in off guestlist. Everyone was able to come to the table but we split the groups up so we wouldn't have to purchase 4 bottles.  She works for the company and is mainly at the other 2 venues but made sure one of her coworkers took care of us when we got there. If you guys plan to go, email ashley (my host) ashleyk121@yahoo.com or ashleyk@lasvegasnightgroup.com. She'll actually respond quicker then their corporate office as i nearly waited 3 days for someone to respond, thank god for my casino host edward chan!
5	"Open from 9 till whenever"
3	we came for a bachelorette, so we got in for free.  i was kind of annoyed, b/c i had just bought a cup of coffee before going in (i knew it would be a long night and was trying to wake up), and the bouncer wouldn't let me bring in my coffee.from 11-12, there was free champagne and vodka drinks for girls.  i just wanted a bottle of water and was charged $6!!  the bartender said they don't do tap water, so i was forced to suck it up and buy the bottle.
3	It's like a smaller, more intimate version of Tryst.  It's really pretty inside.  Good music, beautiful people, expensive drinks.  The patio is nice too.  When I went it was $30 for men, and we had free passes for the ladies.  It's not a bad place if you don't feel like going to a bigger, more popular club like Tryst or XS.
5	Just heard "Lean Like a Cholo," so now I have to write about this club, because that song was the last thing I remember playing while I was dancing there on a fluorescent glass paneled floor with a whole bottle of Grey Goose in my hand from the icebucket of some "V.I.P." lawyer who was determined to screw a friend of my friend (thanks, guy).The next morning was like the movie "The Hangover" - some of us were missing, some of us were randomly spooning, someone was on the floor with no pants, my wallet was missing (but later, the good old Wynn found it by the SLOT MACHINES and sent it to me with not a thing out of place!), a person ralphing in the bathroom might as well have been Mike Tyson's pet tiger, and I gagged as I instinctively scarfed down my leftover truffle oil macaroni and cheese from the Palms the night before. Differences from the movie: luckily, we didn't owe money to any druglords, nor were any of us married to strippers. Also it was January, so no one got fried by the sun on the roof while we looked for them. UNluckily, we didn't get to jack a copcar when we had to double-time it to get to our next stop - The Grand Canyon - before dusk.Rewind...we had started out at some inferior club - who honestly cares where it was or what it was called, but it was in the Venetian, I think, in the part that looks like a glorified mall. All I remember is that we spent about an hour in a b.s. cordoned-off line with what looked like a bunch of local high schoolers. Once we finally got in, we froze. Even if we had wanted to proceed, we couldn't - we were packed boxcar-style into the hideously red-lit place whose desecrating Asian themed decorations made me feel like I was watching the climactic fire scene from "The Last Emperor" while sick on opium.Only then did the doofuses we were with pull out glossy fliers that said ladies got in for free at Blush (this was a Saturday night). So we hobbled a few blocks in heels into the glossy Wynn. From outside, the place looked small - loungelike, almost. Oh well, we figured we'd get a couple drinks then bounce. Getting in was sooo easy, so I don't know why everyone is mentioning a cover. Come to think of it, I don't remember buying  a single drink, either...needless to say, we never left...This place is how to do Vegas right; tacky, glitzy, costless for ladies, and apocalyptically alcoholic.
4	We were invited to attend a mixed bachelor/bachelorette party in Vegas and were excited to hear that Blush was going to be one of the venues for Saturday night.  I've heard mixed things from different friends and after Yelping it, the place seemed pretty legit.  The last time we were in Vegas we went to XS and I didn't really care for it.  We arrived at little after 10 and were ushered in fairly quickly.  The ladies drank for free until 12 and the drinks were pretty reasonable for the guys.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere and venue.  It was smaller but had a lot of character.  There was an outdoor area which provided a nice breeze.  The staff was really attentive and it was nice to receive good service without an attitude.  I will definitely be back!PS, The music freaking rocked.
2	Honestly, I had fun at Blush this weekend because of the great group I was with. It's all about the company you keep and I think we could have had fun in anywhere.So divorcing that aspect from my review, I have to give Blush a thumbs down overall. First thing: drinks are expensive even by LA standards. I got a cranberry vodka, a Jag and red bull, and a water for $35.Second thing: the music kind of sucked. Third thing: towards the end of the night a friend and I sat down on a couch on the dance floor. She took off her heels for a moment and a staff person picking up empty glasses came up to her and told her to put them back on.She did. Then he turns to me and says, "Are you with these people?" (pointing to 3 people sitting across from us on the couch). "No," i said."Then you have to move. They paid $2,000 for this spot tonight.""Ok, that's fine," I said, getting up. (Please note there was no visible sign stating that the couches were VIP or for table service)."Excuse me," he curtly said, waiting for me to actually step away from the couch so he could get by.Why the attitude? I didn't argue or protest. I mean, we might not have gotten table service for $2,000, but I'm still spending $17 per drink in your bar. WTF.One other strange event -- after ordering the drinks I was signing the bill when a man came up behind me and put his hand over the drinks for a minute. He said something and walked away and we noticed he had put two new straws in our drinks.We decided to err on the side of caution and not drink them. Told a bartender who asked to see our receipts, and then dumped them out and poured us two new drinks.Overall a strange night. It was better than nothing, but if I have a choice I'd rather party somewhere else next time.
4	Had a good time on a tues nite.
5	LOVED LOVED LOVED this club!!!this is definitely an awesome club/lounge and is by far one of the best ones ive been to in Vegas! the music was awesome! shout out to DJ Aoki! the line to get in was fast and easy. my group of 2 guys and 2 girls got in for free! free champagne for ladies until midnight! its a smaller club but definitely one of the better ones!
5	Really nice chill spot. This is a place you go to get your night started before moving on to Tryst or XS. The DJ is off the hook! Be for warned, depending on the night you go there can be a lot of old people there! 60 years old +! I got free passes at the Ferrari Store so that was a plus! The drinks are high but stiff! Just play at the slots for a few minutes and get all the free drinks you want! They are the exact same as in the club. The lanerns on the ceiling and the outdoor space is really nice too!
4	This is where friends and I went after we were at XS for a couple hours and got bored. It's a lot smaller but not so overwhelming. I enjoyed the DJ. He played a lot of jams I could dance to. The club itself can get packed but there is a nice patio area to chill and cool off after youve worked up a sweat. They have free champagne for woman on certain nights as well as gift bags sometimes. Its also a cool place to come with your bf or gf. Its quaint and dark and you wont find the younger I just turned 21 and Im in Vegas crowd.
4	Got on the guestlist via a promoter. Went to another club before coming here. Getting in took awhile since we got there at around 12 AM or so. They made us (4 girls) wait in line for about 40 minutes and almost made us pay (saying that guest lits had closed), but I made a fuss about having to wait so they let us in comped.The place is pretty. That night was DJ Aoki, very good. The place indoors has benches and stuff but also extends to and outside patio as well (with heat lamps!).The drinks were not very strong but pricey (Not that I had to pay for them, so it's all fine in my boat). It was my first time drinking Fiji water too! Crowd is a bit older. Overall had a fun time at this small lounge/club.
3	Its an ok place... I wouldnt reeeeeeeally go here if we weren't invited with a table. The place is very small which would be great if there wouldn't be 200 people cramped on 2squaremeters. I felt like I was in China or subway in NYC. At least the people smelled good, unlike NYC subway. A lot of fake plastic chickerias running around there. Hard to guess their age so I felt comftable, being only 27 myself of course.The drinks are EXPENSIVE!! I got us 3 shots since I didnt feel like some metrosexual spikedhairguy buying me drinks, and I can afford my own. Well... it was 36$, yes you read right, for 3!! shots. I asked where the diamonds are cause I couldnt find them in there.I wrote on the slip too that " I aint no rich bitch " under gratidue. SORRY bartender dude. But with these prices you should get the novel price.Oh well, its still fun. Make sure you PRE BOOZE heavily or bring a dude along that has a platinum credit card.
3	This place was nice and the free champagne for the ladies from 11-12 for friday night  was also a great perk. The best part of this place is the outdoor patio area. The view was nice even though it wasn't on a balcony. As with any lounge, you have to make your own dance floor. The biggest issue I took with it was that even though we were on a guest list and a group of 9 girls ready to party as part of a bachelorette . . . they make everyone guestlist  and non guestlist stand in the same line. . . . its like hello whats the point of the list? now we are standing in line . . . getting cranky cause our feet are hurting in our high heels  . . . and we are more likely going to just get the free drinks and bounce after the hour is up.  . . . just to be honest.
3	Very nice alternative from the large club experience. This venue may be a lot smaller, but it makes up for it in atmosphere. It's just so pretty.The oddest part about the night was that general admission and guestlist are grouped together... in the same line. However, once you make your way in, ladies benefit from an hour of free champagne. A friend asked on the way, what made a boutique nightclub a "boutique." Based on the interior, my guess is that, although it's a nice lounge, you've got to put down some dough to really get the full experience. Most of the floorspace is occupied by tables and booths so there is no real dance floor (which really didn't stop us, but just a word of warning in case you need real lines drawn for you). However, access to the bar can be difficult because the middle of the room is partially blocked by bottle service couches that cause the floor space to close up quickly. Drink prices were fair. $7 for a beer, which isn't too far from the $6 in LA at similar sized venues.
4	I believe the cover is $30 if you're on the list.We had a table and the table staff was very friendly.The club itself wasn't over crowded and the patio was great to chill at if needed.The music was also a little lower in volume than most clubs so it's def more of a lounge feel.I would come back here.
3	Love this club because: - It's intimate- Easy to mingle- Fun crowd! - Can never turn down unlimited champagne before midnight...or was it  1pm?? Regardless.- DecorThere! This must be my shortest review.
4	Went to Blush with the hubby. We sat outside on some couches and really enjoyed the chill, intimate vibe here. We came in around 9ish so the place was just starting up.We had gotten on the guestlist earlier in the day (some chick asked us when we were walking around the Wynn), so we got in no cover.The music was a nice mix, very mellow. We stayed for a few drinks and were on our way to check out some other places.Overall, service was good, ambience was relaxed but sexy. I would recommend Blush as a place to go as a couple or smaller group of friends.
4	Blush has a great decor.  Went with a couple of friends for a birthday party and it was awesome that we got there around 11 p.m., got in for free and was able to sit in the patio on a nice Summer day.  Now the music was pretty cool, nothing out of the ordinary, but what made the night special was that women drank free champagne for an hour.  So you know that I took advantage from 11 to midnight on the champagne.  Now in case you didn't notice I am a male and I had to bribe my female friend with a beer to get me free champagne over and over and over.  After buying her the beer I had to drink even more champagne cause a beer cost me almost 10 bucks.  I was like are you FUCKING kidding me, well guess more champagne for me. lolI know I got plastered with champagne in one hour so in retrospective, those 10 bucks were so worth it. This is a nice place to come to if you want to get away from the normal club atmosphere and huge lines that you are accustomed to in Vegas.
3	Met up fairly early (around 9:30) with some friends for a birthday night out. One of the girls in the group knew someone so we got onto the guest list. I'm not really sure how much that helped since it's pretty empty at that time, but all I know is we all got in for free and the girls got free champagne from 11pm-midnight. Granted, it was cheap, crappy champagne. By about midnight, the place started to fill up and felt more like a nightclub.I'm not sure I'd ever choose this place over other nightclubs, but it seemed like a decent club. They have your requisite overpriced drinks. The decor is what you'd expect from a high end strip location, especially one that is inside a Wynn property.
4	This is a place you should definitely hit up before heading to Tryst or XS, since it's conveniently located in the same hotel.  I texted my promoter and she got us all in free (should be good if you have at least a 1:1 guy girl ratio).  There was almost no line even on a Friday, even though we did come pretty early.  The bouncers and promoters outside were really friendly and didn't give us any problems getting in.  I don't relaly know the price to get in, cause i've never had to, if there even is a cover.  But either way, get a stamp here, head over to Tryst/XS and get a stamp there, and then you're free to walk back and forth as you wish.Walking in was pretty awesome.  One of the first things you'll see are the sea of lanterns lined up all across the ceiling like in an array of colors.  It's really nice to look at and take pictures of.  Remember this is more of a lounge, and not actually a club, so it's pretty small and allows for a really intimate setting, so unless you just came here for a couple drinks or a table, don't expect a set dancefloor to party it up.  But you CAN dance if you want along the aisles, cause nobody will really say anything to you about that.What's even more awesome is that they have open bar for ladies from 11-midnight.  However, it's not for a full bar, but only vodka drinks and champagne.  But who cares, right? The ladies just love their vodka cranberries anyway, and btw, they make them taste pretty good.  Including screwdrivers.  I believe they make them mostly with SKY Vodka, but if they like you or if you tip well, they'll slip in some Goose for you instead ;).  Guys, be careful about getting the girls to go up and get dirnks for you.  If you do that, they'll follow you until you leave.  Instead have the girls go up by themselves, and bring them back to you.  If you want more, just have them either go in about 10 minutes or just go to another bartender.  Just a tip :)So here's the wrap-up4.5 Stars because I have a really good time hereWell made drinksGood house music (It's the Wynn, duh)Nice intimate settingFriendly serviceIt's a LOUNGE. Not a club.Bring ladies :D or make some lady-friends
4	Came on a Saturday night to enjoy the free bubbly for an hour. No problem getting in for us local ladies..got my wristband for the free booze & it was on. The club is actually very small but it's laid out perfectly. Bathrooms are easy to access. My favorite part was the outside patio area. It was a beautiful night to sip our free drinks outdoors. We were able to sit at one of the reserved tables for about an hour til they needed it for bottle service. It was nice to be able to sit while we got our drink on. After that we went inside to shake our ass to some pretty decent music. Thankfully hip hop was not being played to much. We had a super time there even tho they don't have a designated dance floor. I highly recommend this place as a 1st stop on the club circuit.
3	I needed a Saturday night out that wasn't going to break the bank so my friend Dawn C. suggested we start out at Blush because they pour free champagne for ladies from 11 to midnight. We did not bother with a guest list, being two local ladies we had no problem waltzing right in for free. Blush is small but not stuffy. The outside patio is really nice, we claimed a VIP table for a bit since no one else was sitting there which was cool, had a place to set our stuff while we chatted... When we were eventually asked to move the person that did so was real chill about it, no attitude at all. The bathroom attendant was nice as well, helpful without being all in your way. The scene was a little older, music was a little funky... Whoever was DJing played Rick Springfield's 'Jessie's Girl' which always makes me laugh but not really clubbing music in my opinion. Good place to get the night started.
3	A nice lounge... not worth the cover, however.  It's an intimate space, but very overpriced.
4	Very pretty lounge with an slightly older crowd. I was there during the SEMA convention so that could have an affect on the crowd too.I like that this place isn't massive. I didn't like the $6 I had to pay for one bottled water. However, with that said, I didn't actually pay for it. The guy standing next to me at the bar did it. That's nice. In fact... I got offered a steak dinner from someone else within minutes.Single ladies. If you're hungry or thirsty,... this is the place to meet someone for a free meal. Just kidding! Seriously though, I like the size of the place and the lighting is beautiful. You feel kinda glamorous just standing there in your jeans and t-shirt.Oh and the $6 bottle of water is pretty glam too.
3	I like the decor in this place a lot. The crowd is a bit older and the music wasn't really happening. The vibe of this club was much more relaxed, and we ended up sitting outside and chatting with my girlfriends. It was quick to get in and it wasn't too crowded. Staff was friendly and attentive. Its a good place to start your night off and everyone was pretty friendly. And can't seem to remember what happened with my shoes, but it was still a good night!
4	We had so much fun here! It's a great place to start off the night! They have open bar for ladies from 11:00-Midnight with champagne or vodka. That makes me happy. :)I actually wanted to come back here after we went to Tryst because the music was better and the patio was comfortable. I've been here a few times and it's never been bad!I'll definitely be back for some booty shakin' and open bar next trip!
3	31/2.  Had a good time here, good people watching, cool vibe.  There was the annoying aspect of all of us sitting on a set of couches that were empty and them wanting to charge us $250 to sit there.  We said why don't we sit here and drink, with your $15 drinks we'll spend double that in no time (we did), They came back a few times with this threat of making us move and we said fine.  Nobody ever needed the couches or wanted to pay so we stayed.  The decor is nice, service was about what you would expect for a busy club (a little slow at times).  Good times.  There was this guy that must be related to Elaine from Seinfeld because the way he danced was unbelievable.  He sucked and kept going.  Entertaining place.
4	I had fun here. Came during thanksgiving weekend & the ckub was packed. But the place is kind of small. In vegas you need to purchase bottle service t sit down =( but luckily my friend & I are attractive ladies & we were offered drinks & s seat at a few tables by male partiers. =)  we got in free, got free drinks (bar- champagne & vodka til 11:30 && from the guys) I LOOVE BLUSH. Haha. VEgas baby!!
4	Having gotten ridiculously drunk earlier in the day with my Fat Tuesday's Pimp Juice with three shots of Everclear (amongst other things I had drank that morning/afternoon), I had passed out in the jacuzzi and when my friends woke me up after returning from dinner, it was already 9:30 and we needed to get ready.  Since we had missed our time deadline for our guestlists elsewhere that our promoter set up for us, and since our friend that made the arrangements wouldn't get up, we looked up other places we could try and have little trouble to get in.  Luckily for us, even in a group of 6 guys and 3 ladies, we got in right away at 11 with no cover and free sake!The layout was really nice and the patio area was really chill.  I wouldn't mind coming back here to chill before hitting up other spots.
3	As a girl who loves Vegas, I was a bit disappointed by Blush.  It was advertised as a nightclub (it's even in the name), but it was much more loungey.  I was looking forward to dancing the night away, and that just wasn't really the scene at Blush.  Overall, you need to know what you're getting into when you decide to go to Blush.  I got in free and didn't have to wait in line, but that didn't automatically make it worth it to me.  I ended up leaving not too long after and going to XS instead.  I think that if I had been in the mood to go to a lounge, I would have been perfectly satisfied at Blush.  But because it calls itself a nightclub, my expectations were not met.
3	After being told by concierge that Wynn guests don't get any special "ins" at Tryst or XS (Steve Wynn himself said so on the hotel TV channel!), we decided to cruise into Blush since there was no line and no cover. Score for us and our crapped-out (literally) riends. An OK place to wind down the evening, but as other reviewers pointed out it's much more lounge than nightclub. It was pretty dead (the dude next to us was playing on his MacBook), but we were able to chat and enjoy some nice decor with a quick drink while watching some awkward cougar dancing ritual so it wasn't a bad time.
4	Came by for a Tweet House party for CES and had a complete blast. My friends and I got in with a few minutes left to grab free champagne from the bar. Met up with a few more friends and parked it in front of the DJ booth. Soon I was in need of another drink, but not without sampling one of the girl's drinks, an Electric Lemonade. Wow, was it good. Ordered one and just as I was about to pay, the bomb dropped. My wallet was nowhere in my purse. I was actually calm about the situation and made my way near the entrance. I had remembered setting it down on one of the chairs while putting my phone in my purse upon getting in. Sadly, it was nowhere to be found. Headed back over to where my friends were and told them what happened. Within a minute, I get a text saying that it was being held in the front. David was nice enough to escort me there to claim it. Thank goodness I lost it here and not in a huge club. My drink was still waiting for me at the bar and I am eternally grateful to David and whoever it was who found my wallet. Good times.
3	I came here for an industry party one night.  The place is cozy and I liked the atmosphere.  The bartenders though didn't seem happy to be working and more annoyed that they were working.  I heard while I was there that they normally pack 1500 people in there on a weekend (not sure how it would fit that many since it seems slightly small) so perhaps the bartenders were unhappy that they weren't going to be getting the amount of tips they are used to.  When we returned on a Tuesday night, however, we were informed it was a $70 cover.  Ha.  no thanks!  not that great of a place.  We headed to Parasol Up.
3	Blush is more of a lounge than an actual nightclub.  It is nice place, but the venue is pretty small.  The crowd seems a bit older, but the music wasn't that bad.  I came here when they had a Betsy Johnson giveaway event and two of my friends won stuff.  If you are looking for a place to just chill instead of actually dancing, blush would be the perfect place.  I might have missed the dance floor, but from what I remember, I didn't see one.  PS. In the girls bathroom, the biggest stall has a wall of Ken barbie dolls. I thought it was the cutest thing ever.
4	Being Friday night and our first night in Vegas, we wanted something laid back with cool music. Leaving Saturday night for the real debauchery. Blush is an awesome laid back spot, good music, cool decor, and friendly staff. There were 14 people in our entourage. 8 guys, 6 girls. Now for 14 people your typical club/lounge has a 3 to 4 bottle minimum. You're looking at $1700 minimum. So we decided to hit up a promoter and inquired about a cool lounge, laid back with good music. She suggested Blush. After a bit of a back an forth, she made some calls. Came back to us with a good deal, two bottles gets the guys in. She put the girls in the VIP guest list. She hit up her contact at blush and set it up for us. As soon as the girls made it in (not a long wait, 5 minutes) they joined us at our large, comfy couch. The promoter even contacted the hostess and both girls, apart from being unbelievably gorgeous were super friendly. We had a couple of friends show up late so they went out of their way to get past security and the line and right into the club. Our bouncer was a big ass chill dude, kicked all the trouble makers and bottle rats out of the area on command. Gotta love it. lol Anyhow, the spot is nice and chill. Good music, everything from top 40, to old school hip hop, a little indie and 80's thrown in here and there. It's a good option when you're not looking for the big, crowded clubs. We had a great time, dancing the night away, dance floor was directly in front of our table. Lots of pretty girls in the place didn't hurt one bit. My advice, hit up a promoter. You never know what you might find. Two bottles was more than plenty with a few shots thrown in the mix. Minimum for two bottles at any club/lounger you're looking at near $1200. But it was well worth it. Would definitely come back.
5	Blush is exactly what I've been looking for ever since Light at the Bellagio closed. It's not too big, has an outdoor area, nice decor, great music, good service. This is my new Vegas spot.
4	Love going to blush arround 11 PM until 12:30 or so before I had to XS or Surrender; The music is good and it has a mixed crowd. Slightly older then the other places at Encore/Wynn. It has truly a more boutique nightclub feeling. The sound is great and you still can have conversations. Sitting on the patio is also great. Overall a fun place when you know what to expect.
4	10.14.10 + 10.16.10Dear Adam [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LeuGZImVz_IG1e-SMYTSXw?select=iXJkcZPzF_kfJ4oG5KD12w],It was a pleasure to have met your acquaintance.  Our trip wouldn't have been the same without you.You're an amazing bouncer!  And stick by the rules.  We like that.*****OK so Blush is a small boutique lounge.  Small dance floor, if you want to call it that.  Leather couches and tables all around.  Friendly patrons.Free bubbly [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LeuGZImVz_IG1e-SMYTSXw?select=hrYm8o3bEB_czUdKCHXPYQ] before midnight.  Take full advantage, ladies!Definitely caters to a more mellow and older crowd, but if you're in the mood to club hop, definitely stop by here.
4	I like it. Don't judge me. Nice outdoor area and spacious indoor area.Found it randomly when I had just arrived in Vegas (and the Wynn was still a new property). Comfort rules over style for the actual trek to this city, so I was in Chucks and a t-shirt. They let me in regardless. Made me feel like a celebrity being under-dressed at a Vegas lounge at what was *the* hotel at the time....then Hulk Hogan walked in. No, really.
4	Love free champagne. Walter and I passed by earlier in the day. We were invited to be placed on their guest list, esp for being a guest of the hotel. That was nice. It was nice to be able to get in here for free. And, I don't think that I ever would have paid for it anyways. There are a bunch of old folks who come to make out and dance on the floor and things. They are cute to watch but after a while, they are just TOO much. HAHA. The free drinks were a nice touch. It's made to be a classy lounge spot. That's what I liked about it. It was chill. It wasn't crowded. The lighting and thing really set the mood. It's far more intimate than XS or Tryst or any of those. IT was fun. As the night progresses, more and more people start to stop by. The music theme changes and the party is really bumpin'. I have to say, I was interested in that lil outdoor area that looked like it was a wall of shrubs. It was cute and looked rather cozy. I was told it was for bottle service people only. That's cool. I'll be in there one day. Whatever. I love that they aren't so strict about their dress code. Walter was able to get away with wearin' some trendy sneakers, not forced to wear boots or loafers or anything like that. That was nice. I chatted up the bar tenders, sweet as pie. They were beautiful too. We had a good time. We danced a lil, drank a lil and laughed the night away. Fun times.
2	I've only been here a couple of times. I went on a Thursday night where its supposed to be industry night. If you get on the guest list you and your guest receive a pass and a wrist band that allows you to receive free champagne from 10pm-12am... not bad. If you're a big fan of techno, then this is where you wanna be on a Thursday night. Only thing is, THERES NO DANCE FLOOR, I would not call this place a Nightclub but more of lounge with no where to sit unless you have a reserved table or you go outside in the patio. What I saw that night was a bunch of people standing around talking and a few drunk ones "dancing" to bad music. I would suggest going somewhere else or perhaps come around 1am when they start playing the top 100's. **I heard they have Latin nights on Sundays** but I have yet to experience that night.
3	I was here before the supposed end of the world, and it seemed like everyone here was having a great time.  My gf got a tip from her promoter that got us to get in for free, alongside the complimentary drinks that they offered just before midnight, so it was pretty cool to come in hang out for a bit.Blush is really small in comparison to XS and Surrender. Blush doesn't have a dance floor, just walkways in between the tables. You can try to dance in those areas, but you'll end up looking kinda awkward dancing in the limited space. The music seemed to be mainstream, with less emphasis on hip hop. We only stayed in there for about 30 minutes and ended up leaving to meet up with the others outside that couldn't get in.
3	Small and kind of cramped with no place to dance, but I did enjoy the outdoor seating area.  It's more of a lounge than a nightclub
5	The three things that stood out to me about Blush:1) Gorgeous decor in such a small space (small by Vegas' standards). But it wasn't overcrowded. Those working the door definitely were on their job that night!2) Great drinks! My Long Island was actually sweet, but still strong. To me, the drinks are reasonably priced for a Vegas club. My drink was $16.3) The DJ was ON POINT with the music! Old-school hip hop, house, top 40--but it all had a theme and meshed well. I didn't want to stop dancing.The crowd was also very nice to look at and super friendly. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be here again.
4	Had a great time here. Drinks are about $14 each so be ready. But the atmosphere was great. They get some really good talent spinning here too. Not a dance floor per se, but we did plenty of dancing (as did everyone else).
3	Defiantly a place to visit. Great decor and comfy atmosphere. Strong drinks & a pretty penny too. It's a night club folks, it's the going rate to pay for a cocktail.
3	3.5Pretty small space, but the music was great and the champagne was free for ladies from 11pm-12pm.  There are a lot of tables rather than dance space, but we made do.  I did notice it was an older crowd, but it didn't bother me much.  Great place to stop off before heading to one of the bigger clubs.
4	This is a classy lounge with a nice big bar, outdoor seating area and very cool decor. I liked the lanterns on the ceilings that functioned like a massive equalizer and the "street" art on the walls. They were playing fun mainstream music that was very danceable. Only problem: no dance floor! the whole place is taken over by table service and you're left dancing in the aisles. I can't imagine anyone spending the entire night in here but a good change of scenery for an hour or two.
4	Vegas seems to set the standard when it comes to lounges and this spot is no exception.  It's roomy enough to house a good time, yet small enough that you won't lose your friends.  The decor is totally posh and they have a small outdoor patio.  Well it's not a patio so much as an opening in the ceiling at one end of the club.Champagne open bar for ladies!!!  On certain nights and for a few hours or so, but yes, getting totally buttcrack wasted for cheap (gotta tip the bartenders!) is certainly possible here.Music is great - Hip Hop & Top 40.  HOWEVER, the DJ (at the time) did not take requests.  Hello, who could say no to a) this face and b) Britney Spears?????!!!!!And just a little note for all the freaks out there - they won't allow you to give lap dances!  Like, the bouncer will literally pull you off of the lucky lapdance recipient and give you a look that'll make you feel like you got caught watching porn for the first time.  FOR REAL NOW?  I told one of the club promoters I'd give a 2-star Yelp for that, but in reality, I like this place and will probably return.
3	The decor of this place is awesome. The lanterns on the ceiling are synchronized with the music - it's crazy! The music was ok. I was stoked they played some old school hip hop and EW&F?! Wow, some people did not know how to react once it started playing! But it was fun.This place is more of a lounge with table service, versus an actual club with a dance floor. People were sort of squished in the main aisle trying to dance. Luckily we arrived sort of late, so we found a place to dance for an hour or so. After a couple of drinks, we bailed. There was definitely an older crowd (+50), older men, older women when we went. Interesting...It fulfilled my need to go dancing for my Vegas trip..period... the end.
3	This place is beautiful but extremely small.  It's more of a lounge than anything but it's definitely not somewhere I would spend the night unless I'm looking to relax with someone for the whole night.I'd say Blush is an awesome place to start or finish your night but if you're looking for a more LEGEN wait for it...DARY night I'd recommend picking your butt up from the really comfortable chair and walking down to Tryst or XS!I still love you Blush!  Just not enough to stay the night.
2	Came here cause it was part of a package deal...They gave us free champagne...free is never good. Def not Dom :(((  We got there early on a Friday night around 11:30 pm.  The girls drink for free at the bar...sky vodka only...but its free again.  The music is mixed house and hip hop.  Crowd is older 30-40 is mainly the crowd.  I couldn't wait to leave and go to XS!!
2	My 2 girl friends and I came here on a Friday night the weekend of Easter before hopping over to Surrender at the Wynn because they were having a special, free champagne & well drinks for ladies. It was all of our first experience as 21 year-olds & we were all excited to experience and soak in all that this Sin City has to offer.However, I soon quickly realized there really isn't anywhere to sit unless we had a table. It was nice that part of this venue was outside so when it gets too got inside, people can sort of hang out in the patio area. The size of this place is actually pretty small and it was a bit hard to maneuver around across the room to the bathroom because there were reserved tables and sofas in the center of this place where people were dancing and standing around socializing.. I don't know if I'd ever go back just to hang out here, maybe if they had that special for free drinks again.. but other than that nope.The only plus side about this place was that it was a good way to start out our night with free drinks and then just stroll over to Surrender.
4	Ok, so my review is waaaay late because frankly, I'm lazy. Anyways, hubby and I were in Vegas over St Patty's Day, and we decided to go to Blush that night.  I'd always wanted to go here, but what really sealed the deal was that they did a half bottle service for just the 2 of us (because for 2, as much as I love booze, full bottle service is just too much). Anyways,  the club was really pretty-the patio is so romantic at night-and the lanterns were all green for SPD. The music they played was a great mix!! Our waitress was wonderful, always by to refill our drinks and check on us-she did get busier as the night went on and the place got more and more crowded. Also, the music changed around midnight which is when we polished off our vodka and left to go gamble. Would I come back? Hells yeah-i like that it's more of a lounge feel and not a huge typical Vegas-y club. Good music, and half bottle service, hello!
4	I always LOVE Blush at the Wynn. Amazing DJs and such a manageable good size. It's more like the smaller lounges in Chelsea (Manhattan) smaller, more intimate than the gargantuan mega clubs which are fun too but Blush is a nice way to change it up. I went on a Tuesday and it was a really good DJ but the crowd (like the rest of the Wynn) is like an Asian invasion. So... ladies if you are into handsome Asian guys THIS is the spot. I'm not so from a meeting guys perspective this place was a bit lacking. The men were waaay hotter when I first came here in 2007. But the Asians dance awesome and they are super friendly so I had a blast :) Drinks pricey but made to perfection.
4	Hmmm, considering all the times I've come here, I'm surprised I never Yelped bout Blush.This is my go-to-chill-spot! And in Vegas, we all need that "chill, I don't wanna get crazy, I just wanna have a drink, and listen to good music" club/lounge.The club itself is beautiful. I mean, you wouldn't expect any less from a place inside Wynn/Encore hotels. They have a lighting setup on the ceiling that changes colors with the music. Pretty fun.They usually have good DJs. The best thing for me about the club is that they play enough house for me not to get sick of it. And more than enough hip hop than I'm used to from Vegas clubs. So, the music is a win/win for me =)It's also great on Tuesdays because it IS industry night. And on industry night they have great themes or sponsored parties with good giveaways.One of the best parties I went to there was their Undefeated party ---HOT BOYS, HOT SNEAKERS, YAYYYY!
5	Nice boutique nightclub in the Wynn Hotel.  A good spot to have a drink, dance a bit and spot out celebs or athletes!
4	free champagne open bar, great music, no dance floor.
4	really nice decor and i loved how they also had seating out doors. very classy lounge and perfect place to start your night. they had open bar for ladies for two hours. if you want to give your free drink to one of your male friends be sure the bouncer are not watching! i gave my male friend my free drink and the bouncer made him give it back to me. other than that, the waiters there are all super nice. throughout the whole night they offered to help us take pictures without us even asking! pretty good music selection! if they had a dance floor i probably would have stayed there all night!
3	Do not pay to get in. Get on the Guest List. Don't think it's worth it to pay up front. But, another really cool casino lounge with a indoor bar and outdoor mini-bar. Very cool design inside. Good Music. This is a cool place to go drink and get your dance on without a huge club scene. Outdoor patio is available. Call in advance to get on the guest list so you can have a free entry. We went when it was their 4 year anniversary party. I would not stay more then 2 hours in this place though. Great for a drink, a dance and move on to the next place!
2	Went here on Tuesday night and was so disappointed. It was industry Tuesday and the place was full of model girls and business men. There was also a good amount of older men in their late 70s. It was all house music lots of fist pumping. It's billed as a "boutique" nightclub which is just a fancy word for cute. It was tight and packed. We paid $30 for the guys and $20 for us ladies. It was a waste. Drinks weren't great either as soon as we finished one drink we were out of there. I wouldn't recommend it.
4	Awesome spot to pregame before you hit the strip in Vegas! The bartender at the Wynn recommended this place to me and my friends our last night in Vegas and we weren't disappointed!!Good music, great bottle service deal, staff were awesome! It's a good spot for people looking for something more intimate than the huge club feel you might get at Vegas clubs like Tao or XS. Only real negative is the crowd was a little old, mostly 35 to as old as 50 something's which is not that bad, but it's just a little weird seeing people your parent's age giving you high-fives, taking shots, and getting down to Pitbull and the Black Eyed Peas!!
4	I heard this place closed, that is unfortunate. It was actually still open in June 2011 when I passed by the Wynn Hotel. It must have closed up shop right after that.  The night I pass through was a Thursday and it honestly seemed really empty even for 11pm or 12 midnight.  Sorry to see this go, it was a pretty chill place.  Yeah, how could they not keep this gem of a place.
3	Not that bad, not really awesome.I came here about, four or five times into Blush. Was kind of disappointed that they closed already, only open for about a  year of operation. I remembered a promoter going to the local community college to get our names on the guest list for its grand opening.Realized immediately it was a major cougar hangout. Average women inside is in her mid-30s with lots of makeup, eyeliner, and silver lipstick with hipster beatnik hats. And then there was the outdoor patio, which turned out to be a sham. Look closely at the trees and you'll realize it's plastic, and behind those trees are solid 20-foot tall cement walls on every corner.  Staff is pretty honest and nice, unlike most other clubs. It's easy to get inside, and their business mindset is to continue to build the name of the club, not trying to maintain a high class and exclusive mindset and try to keep everyone out. The vibe is great. But between the pros and the cons, i'm sort of stuck in the middle. It was kind of like a trendier version of Chataeu Nightclub inside the Wynn.
