4	Gotta love this place for quality shoes at bargain pricing.  Why pay top dollar at Nordstrom if you can get the same shoes here for much less?
3	I thought I would love this store, but so far I have had no luck here. They do have a ton of cute shoes, but it's overwhelming and there haven't been any "deals" I thought were worth while. I checked out the clearance section as well, only to find shoes I'm pretty sure were clearance shoes in the 90's. EWW. If you were in desperate need of shoes fast then this place could probably help you out based on the number of shoes they have alone, but so far the whole warehouse idea isn't showing in their prices.
4	It must have been a good shoe day, because I had 4 boxes stacked on top of each other ready to buy.  Then reality sunk in, and knew that I couldn't very well buy all 4 and fit them in my suitcase.  So, I narrowed it down to the pair of Diesel shoes I've been intending on buying for a while a needed to change to all my stilletos.  I'm not sure what it is with these cashiers in Phoenix, but I had another interesting interaction here as well.  The girl was updating my contact information in her computer and said, "I know this is a stupid question, but what state is Chicago in?"  I politely said, "Illinois".  My friend was pretty funny and said, "It's its own state."  I felt really bad for the cashier.
4	This store has just gone through a fantastic remodel.  The interior used to be pretty bland with rows of shoes displayed on top of cardboard boxes; very much going with the warehouse vibe.  The newly remodeled store goes for more of a boutique look.  The walls now have an exposed brick look to them, the industrial ceilings are black with a large chandelier hanging in the entry.  The clearance racks are now hidden behind curtains at the back of the store.  Maybe it's the softer lighting, but it even seems like the shoe selection is a bit hipper.  The men's section looks like it might be smaller, but the missing shoe selection has been replaced by a seating area and flat-screen TV tuned to sports.  Call me crazy, but me thinks this may be a welcome change for some male patrons whose female companions plan on combing through aisle after aisle of cute shoes.I don't know if it has anything to do with the remodel, maybe they moved out a lot of stock to make way for the hipness, but they were kind of lacking in their boot selection.  I feel like the place still had knee-high boots last summer, so it's kind of weird that they'd have such a minimal selection when it's still stinkin' cold outside.
5	If Imelda Marcos visited AZ on vacation, this is where she would spend her time and money.DSW claims to have over 2000 styles on display at any given store.  I believe them.  The aisles are packed with hundreds of shoes.  DSW goes the extra mile to make shoe shopping comfortable.  You are never more than a few steps from a bench or chair where you can sit to try on your finds.  They have mirrors everywhere so shoppers don't have to wander around looking.  They place large shopping bags on hooks throughout the store to make carrying easier, and the service is always fast and friendly.Maybe Imelda would just move in.
4	This is a very Stepfordesque DSW, but then again, it is Scottsdale.In fact, this DSW is kind of freaking me out a little bit.  I visited this unit on an emergency basis--I flew all the way to Phoenix for our user conference and discovered, when I arrived, that the only shoes I brought were the ratty tennies I had on to walk the dog that morning before bolting for the airport.  I had 1 hour to find dress shoes and with a little sleuthing on Yelp found this huge, seemingly spanking new mall complex and what I *thought* was a brand new DSW.I mean, the whole damn complex looks like it was just built, and the DSW is one of the nicer ones I've been in, very orderly, spacious, and filled with brand names like the Florsheim cap-toes with non-torture features (they're some kind of sub-brand within Florsheim with all kinds of bouncy cushioning and support to keep your feet from turning into hooves, but I'm too lazy to go see what the sub-brand is).Another review (there are three listings for this DSW on Yelp, so it's not only another review but another listing) mentions that it has already been remodeled.   I mean, there is no way this store is more than about 2 years old, and it could pass for opened last month.They got nothing else to do that they remodel stores that have only been open 2 years?  Sheesh.  Shouldn't they be building more DSW's further out into the desert, in order to achieve their goal of growing Greater Phoenix out to the Arizona state line in every direction by 2012?Anyhow, compared to the DSW in the Union Square district in San Francisco, this one is so clean, tidy, and untrafficked in the middle of the day you could eat scrambled eggs off the floor without picking up anything untoward.
5	Damn, I'm reviewing a shoe store!! But I just have to say that I love this place. It's split between men and women, with women's shoes covering about 75% of the floor space. They play a really cool satellite techno station and have a flat screen tv tuned to sports with comfy leather chairs for bored men to sit and watch. Really, they should turn the chairs around and make it easy for the men to watch the women shoppers. Aaahhhooooogahhh the women at DSW are hot! Ok, back to Earth. They have the shoes laid out on top of shelves with the boxes down below. Find a shoe you like and quickly check to see if they have your size. It's also a good idea to check the bargain room in back. You can find 'gently used' shoes for cheap. This place has a good selection of running shoes, dress shoes, Euro leisure shoes, flip flops, sandals, etc., all at very reasonable prices. DSW also has a reward system for frequent shoppers and your birthday. Bring your significant other and get ready to be shod!
4	I am a shoe addict.  I also appreciate a good bargain.  Whenever I am bored and have a little time on my hands, I like to take a walk through DSW.  I think it is kind of like playing "dress up".  You can try on anything and everything.  Such fun!  This location is one of the better ones I have visited.  It is well-organized, and the stock turns over regularly.  It is one of those hit or miss places - I will either leave with nothing or with an obnoxious amount of new footwear.  You just never know.  It has a fairly large clearance section as well - if you have the patience to look, bargains can often be found.  Definitely sign up for their rewards program - you will receive coupons regularly - yay! Happy hunting!
2	If I lived in Bakersfield or Yuma or even Tucson or Sedona.. I'm sure I'd be a fan of DSW.  However, there are so many high end department stores, boutiques and high end chains in the Scottsdale area that I never find a better deal at DSW that I can at any of these places' sales.  ie:  They carry Charles David shoes, and usually about 5 or 6 different styles, usually at about 50% off.  Go right down the street to Kierland or Fashion Square and you'll find a whole Charles David store with half the store 50% on any given day.  And that's about their highest end line, at least within my taste range.  Nothing wrong with the place, I just find better deals and definitely better selection easily elsewhere.
3	Despite the rows upon rows of shoes here, I have a really hard time finding anything whenever I come here.  I think the prices aren't that great ( I find the same brands at TJ MAXX for cheaper).  If I'm lucky I will end up with a fairly good deal out of the clearance section.  Call me crazy but I refuse to spend more than $50-60 bucks for a pair of shoes at a self-service joint!Staff here seems a little odd as well.  One girl at my most recent visit appeared totally annoyed by customers &  the 2 guys working seemed totally out of place like they should be working at Best Buy or Target, not a shoe store. Overall, I'll stop by a few times a year to check it out, but it's not a must for me.
4	What girl doesn't love shoes?! My mama & I have been to this DSW over a dozen times & always leave with the cutest shoes & sometimes the occasional purse or scarf. My mom has their rewards card so whenever she gets a new coupon we head on over for some retail therapy.
4	DSW has become my official shoe store. I love their selection, particularly the clearance racks with the generous 40-80 percent off marked prices. I also love the equally generous Rewards program. I've already cleaned up on the welcome coupons, and I anticipate I'll be earning points rather quickly. (I think the rewards program is one of the biggest incentives to purchase here vs. other retailers.)This is a very clean, well-organized store. Service was okay, no complaints, however my interaction with the employees was limited to just the checkout. Only downside to a store this large is it can be quite the time-suck, but then you're shopping for SHOES so who cares!
4	This particular location is great.  It is always well stocked (literally thousands of shoes) and they seem to turn over new shoes more often than other DSW's. I'm a  shoe addict a bargain fiend so  this place is paradise. I have never left empty handed and on several occasions I have scored shoes that retail for over $200, for around $50. There are mirrors everywhere and bags placed all over the store to help you carry your newfound twin treasures.Oh and the rewards program rocks, they incent you for buying shoes and my last order I had $30 off in certificates. AWESOME!
4	I really enjoy dsw. They are usually very kind. I had one experience where I needed help finding a certain style and the woman pointed in the direction of where they might be. This irritated me as sometimes I am in the mood for the long isles of this store and sometimes I am not! I ended up asking another sales woman and she walked to me to the spot of the shoe I was looking for, for this I was greatful!
4	I didn't know this DSW existed up in North Phoenix until my regular DSW (Scottsdale) called them to hold a pair of cute sandals for me. This DSW appears to be larger than the Scottsdale store, which is always cool (we are talkin' about a shoe store here). The employees were helpful in this location just like the other one. If you've never been in a DSW, it's a pretty large shoe store -- there's something for women, men, and kids here. Casual shoes, sneakers, flip flops, dress shoes, hiking sandals, heels, wedges, and -- THE CLEARANCE SECTION!!  Woohoo!! I like this store, but parking leaves A LOT to be desired at this location; this store is in the same lot with a Target. Watch out for lots of pedestrians, kids with inattentive parents, and lonely shopping carts looking to make friends with your car's sheet metal...
5	I wasn't even in the market for shoes when I walked in that store, as I was just stopping by to say hello to a friend who works there whom I hadn't seen in a long time.Lucky me! Upon entering the store, I was greeted by a cheerful crowd of rather enthusiastic employees who surprised me with a random $ 50 dollar gift card to be applied towards my purchase. You better believe  I found a pair of shoes and thanks to the gift card, my purchase ended up not costing me a single penny! Woo hoo!I must say I was quite impressed with the vast selection of shoes for both men and women, ranging from casual, dressy and fitness. The service was most extraordinary and  I think I may have to start a shoe fetish based on this first experience alone.
5	Efficient stock of shoes in all prices.
4	25 pairs of shoes and counting. Last 3 pair at DSW. The Men's section seems to be expanding. Thanks DSW for understanding Men buy shoes too and also enjoy a vast selection of styles.
4	I'm about as cliche as it gets when it comes to being a guy and hating shoe shopping.  It's boring.  I only buy footwear based on necessity.  I have virtually no style.  I can't stand funky looking sneakers and usually end up with plain and simple black dress shoes.  I also try to buy the cheapest pairs possible.  This is what makes DSW perfect for me.There's actually a good selection of men's shoes.  There are plenty of athletic, hiking, dress, casual and flip-flop styles to pick from.  Many of the designs are simple and conservative.  When I walk in looking for a pair, I almost leave finding something that I am happy with.The random coupons they send in the mail if you join their club are also quite nice.
5	Went here to try some shoes on last weekend. Went around 1 in the afternoon and it was somewhat busy, but the store is huge so I wasn't worried. The shoes I was looking to try on were right when you walked in so I didn't have to search around the store to try and find them. Great boot collection for fall. Glad there is a website for online shopping and in store exchanges and returns.
5	The reason that my wife and I go out of our way to find shoes is because of the associate that works at this location, her name is Hope. She always goes out of her way to help and is awesome at her job and a true asset to the company.
5	I always make a stop at DSW also at this Location.The Location is great and you have a very nice variety of shoes.There are lots of parking places.Area around is quite convenient. You have a lot of other stores like target etcOn the other site of the parking spot you find place to hang around.
5	By far the best shoe outlet I've been to. Really wish they would come to Canada!At any location I've visited around the US, they have a great selection of casual shoes, heels, formal/bridal shoes, runners, sandals - you name it! They sell a range of brands for women - Michael Kors, Tahari, Nike, Nine West...the list goes on. The store is well-organized with attentive staff.If you're a regular or visiting the area, be sure to get a rewards card. They will track your points and coupons, and will usually give you the discount after the expiry date when you're an out-of-town customer.
3	They're having a Back to School Sale, but they don't carry kids shoes? Their selection of women's shoes is impressive but the prices aren't really that discounted.
4	If you are a shoe lover, like me, this is a great place to hit for brand name shoes with good pricing. My latest venture here was to try and find boots for my best friend's barn themed wedding. I was greeted on my way in and directed to the exact section that had my needs. I was quickly able to find a great pair of boots that was perfect for the occasion, and comparative to online pricing, a good deal. The sections are really well organized, and it's easy to see across the aisles to determine what they offer. The line had several people when I headed to check out, but they had several cashiers available, and it moved quickly. The cashier was very friendly and seemed extremely genuine. Overall: AA definite repeat visit shoe lover's paradise!
5	Love this store selection, employees helpful but not trying to SELL you.Ever since I found this store years ago I've been a loyal customer.  I love the self service aspect to try on as many shoes as you want without feeling guilty.Great prices & rewards!!
