2	Who doesn't like sweets?! Once I found out about this new bakery I made a special trip over. Finding the pay $6 for $12 deal through Yelp made it that more enticing...Once inside the shop, I found it to be welcoming with a comfy seating area with a few table and chairs. The glass case was filled with fun looking pastries. They serve bagels, cheesecakes, eclairs, cookies, and cakes. They also have WiFi for the customers. Great location off of South Boulevard and across the street from the Scaleybark LYNX stop. I ordered some cookies ($6), bread ($8), and a couple of cheesecakes ($3.50 each). However, once I got them home, the cookies were hard (as if they were over baked) and the bread was dry. I quickly called them to see if they bake daily and I was told the bread is baked every Friday and supposedly the cookies are done daily, if not the night before. They also freeze their bread. The baker was very sweet, but asked if I tried rewarming the bread to freshen it up (not what I had in mind). However, she offered for me to return next week to get a fresh batch or to come back and pick out something else with store credit. Instead, I just wanted them to void my transaction and save myself the trip back...but to do so, they asked if I could return to get a refund...and so I did.I think there is a lot of potential in this cookie shop. Although, they could easily make a few changes to make for a better experience:1. Train staff to be knowledgeable of everything. For a small shop, It is disjointed to hear the employees say, "I am only the ____. I don't know about ____."2. Have prices on everything. I had no idea the bread was $8.3. Don't ask for email addresses without saying what it is for and leave it as an option for customers to give. I felt pressured to give my personal email; I get enough ads, I like to be selective. 4. Make sure the product is of high quality, especially because of the prices they are charging. I think of Cake Boss...he checks what goes out and says, "Each time something goes out, it has my name on it...it better be good."Lastly, the owner and staff were not aware of the Yelp deal and I felt the confusion. While the owner and staff were nice, sadly, I had a disappointing experience. I really wanted to like this place.
4	I stopped in here today after seeing ads on group discount sites. I was impressed with all of the choices including cupcakes, handmade chocolates, cakes, and cookies. I tried a sweet potato cupcake that had the most amazing frosting. I also indulged in a red velvet cupcake, which I have yet to find a true version of here in Charlotte. This one met the mark. This was true red velvet cake, not chocolate cake dyed red like most I have tried here. The frosting was a perfect buttercream with a pecan garnish on top. I can't believe I have never visited this place before. This is a hidden gem!
5	Great place to visit. I love the chocolate chip cookies and the  eclectic decor.
5	I have been dreaming about the cupcakes and cookies that I bought the other day.  I am making another trip here very shortly as should you!
5	I am SO glad to have found this super sweet (no pun intended!) family owned bakery :) When I finally got over the sweetness of one of the owners (Tracy), I went ahead and purchased the $5 for $10 yelp deal! It was a BIG help, but I still went over budget......waayy over budget :( Which is okay with me because im a lifelong fan of mom&pop shops, and if anyone, they deserve our business. Sometimes you just want a familial touch, not some multi-million corporate flair with corny frills.Honestly, I dont have a single sweet pearl in my mouth, but little sister does and so we decided to make the trek (quite a distance from my place). I got the Hershey's chocolate cake....Ahhhhmazing with cold milk, carrot cake for my mom, which was inhaled within the first few minutes ;) it was a round personal, almost palm sized treat that mom said she LOVED! Sugar monster got a gorgeous cupcake, as pretty as it tasted :D I also got a teddy bear (homage to build-a-bear, I was told for my niece and a baggie full of assorted cookies. I recommend the oatmeal raisin and snikerdoodle.The treats dont stop there, too many to state---as you can tell, my essay......I mean review is already a booklet! Do pay a visit to this comfortable and home-y sweet salon, which is also a coffee house! Fair trade coffee. Oh! And the most memorable feature of this visit was admiring all the artwork and paintings that were done by the owners children, and getting to know the history behind the bakery. Very sweet :)p.s: tell them the girl with the cane sent you ;)
5	Excellent Cookies!  As the Man says!  "Made Every day"!  This was my first time and I enjoyed Four Cookies!  They do have Cupcakes and other Treats too! Chocolate Chip!  Tastes as good as Mom's!  Toffee!  Fantastic!  Lots of Soft Toffee!Peanut Butter Very Nice!Sugar Very Good!They have some Tables inside so you could stay to eat if you wanted!
2	I love all things sweet and baked, and it doesn't take much to make me happy.  Unfortunately, competition is stiff in Charlotte with all the bakeries and other sweet tooth spots that I would have to rate this as just meh.I stopped by after seeing them at the Sweet Tooth Festival and thought we'd give them a try.  It was around 9pm on a Thursday.  The girl working there was lovely and was very helpful, but the selection there didn't impress me.  The cupcakes seemed small and overpriced and a lot of what I wanted to try wasn't available.We ended up just getting a salted caramel truffle and a salted caramel cupcake that they sell for cheap for being baked the day before.  They were both just OK and seemed like things I could make myself.I did get a free latte after checking in on the yelp app.  Unfortunately the girl admitted she hadn't yet been trained on the latte machine, so I said no problem.  I'll come back another day.
4	I enjoyed my visit here! If you are craving something sweet, this place will definitely hit the spot. They have cupcakes, brownies, cookies and much more! The staff was very friendly and upbeat! I decided to go with a red velvet cupcake. It was moist, and delicious. The cream-cheese frosting paired perfectly and I really enjoyed all the flavors. This was one of the best I've had in a while. Oh and they also have a rewards card and after the 10th item, you get a dozen cookies free!
4	After reading Candyce B's review (I always trust her judgment), I had bookmarked Kai's Kookies and when I found myself over that way today, I decided to stop in.Located in a small strip mall just across from the Scaleybark Lynx stop (heading away from uptown on South Blvd, you can turn left onto Scaleybark and then make an almost immediate left into the shopping center if you can't do a u-turn at the South Blvd/Scaleybark light), it was a cute little shop full of sugary sweetness.Priced as you would expect a small cookie/pastry/cupcake place to be, the selection was quite good.  Lemon bars, several different kinds of pound cake, cupcakes, cookies in many flavors - there was something for everyone if you are looking for a sugary treat.I purchased a key lime cupcake which had AMAZING key lime flavor.  Sometimes these cupcake joints stick a piece of neon green candy in a vanilla cupcake and call it key lime, but the flavor really packed a punch in the icing, it was delicious.  The cake was pretty good and the icing wasn't grainy at all, it was well balanced and good.  I also purchased a dozen of the snickerdoodle cookies and they are YUM!  Soft with a very slight crunch to them, the sugar and cinnamon was well balanced.The gentleman that was working (I am thinking he may be an owner based on his knowledge and demeanor) at the time was incredibly friendly and pleasant, letting me know about coupons that would be appearing soon in the Explore Your Hood coupon book for Ballantyne/Blakeney (which is my hood).If I find myself in the area again and craving a treat, I will definitely return.
2	I haven't found the best part of this bakery yet.I bought some chocolate chip cookies that were on the small side and a little expensive, but not "out of this world good."I can feel the owner's dedication and I want to give this place a few more tries.
5	First impression:  Salted Caramel Cupcake.  It's hard to find a good cupcake and this perfectly suited my taste preference.  The cake was rich in taste but light and fluffy in texture.  The frosting was more like a fudge.  The whole thing was bursting with flavor and those flavors tasted clean.Friendly staff, as others have said.  Much better priced than e.g. Sweet Lorraine's where a cake slice is $6.00 vs. Kai's $2.50.
4	Tried the toffee cookies and they were stale!  I was beyond sad.  Fortunately the other half of my one pound purchase was peanut butter cookies and they were PERFECT.  Soft, crumbly and crispy all at the same time.  Also bursting with flavor.Also....THEY DELIVER!!!
4	Upon entering in this location after finding it on Yelp, when I was craving for something sweet after dinner nearby, I was hesitant and thought this can't be that good. They had jars with an assortment of cookies, a variety of baked brownie, and such. So I only ordered a few cookies because I didn't want to turn around and walk out empty handed. I drove off and tried one of the cookies; lo and behold I had to turn the car around and order more cookies and even tried a few brownies as well. Everything was fresh and delicious. I will definitely  be back,  if I'm in the area again.
3	You can't go wrong with treats that are available late, late and until midnight!  I was impressed with the friendliness of the owner. She was both effusive and patient when we stumbled in for our sugar fix. We sampled several cupcakes. A little too cold from the refrigerated glass showcase. The coldness just detracted from the fresh bakery feel but shoulders above any grocery store cupcake. I would be back for another late night treat and maybe a coffee this time too.
4	Stupendous Coconut cake hideout... If your a coconut cake fan...run, don't walt to Kai's... no disappointment allowed.
5	This place is my go-to for a sugar fix. Great service, nice owners, and amazing tasting treats! I love the chocolate chip cookie cupcake. 5 stars.I also love the convenience for cupcake pick-ups for my co-workers' birthdays and business meetings. They are one of the only bakeries around that will accept AMEX-- awesome convenience factor.
5	I recently needed a corporate gift that was quick, easy and still personal. I found out Kai's did cookies with my company's logo on them and was so excited!  The process could not have been easier - I just emailed my logo and two days later I had delicious, soft cookies with my logo on it!  The icing was perfect too - just sweet enough but not overly so. And since I have an incredible sweet tooth, while i was picking up stuff for work, I also got a slice of the almond pound cake.  YUMMY!  Dense and rich and fantastic.This place is in a nondescript shopping center so it is easy to miss, but do yourself a favor and check it out!
4	What am amazing find!   Thanks to Yelp for the reviews.   Wonderful spot to meet up with friends for coffee and cupcakes.  Never mind the coffee shop next door.   The cake, cookies and cupcakes are beyond delicious.  Nice relaxed atmosphere.   Would be nice to have some music playing, but the food makes up for it.   Can't wait to come back.
4	A friend/business associate invited me to the place next door, but I decided to pop in to Kai's to see what they had to offer.  Quite a bit.  There was an array of cupcakes, slices of cake, half-empty cookie jars (great for the owner--bad for me because I wanted one), fruit truffles, bars...you name it.I brought a bunch of stuff home to try, which included:1 oreo cheesecake2 mango truffles2 strawberry truffles1 pumpkin cupcake1 strawberry cupcake1 zucchini bread1 sugar rush ;-)I was pleased with mostly everything.  The truffles were a delight with bits of real fruit in each one. I prefer the mango to the strawberry, but both were still good.  The cupcakes were also good but my gripe about all cupcakes I've eaten is that they're over frosted.  This one was too; sometimes less is more, but the cake was moist and that's the most important part.  The zucchini bread was delicious--my boyfriend and I both ate that.  The Oreo cheesecake is still in the refrigerator--I wasn't too thrilled with that (and neither was he--that's why it's still in there).  I can't really describe it but it just didn't work that well for me.Overall, however, I like Kai's and will return when I'm back on that side of town. The owner is a very nice lady who'll you enjoying meeting whenever you stop in.
