5	Did I just get an FTR in Vegas?  BOO-YAH!!!Okay, so here's what makes Ice Pan different from other frozen treats.You pick ingredients.  You pick milk.  They blend it and then freeze it into delcious ice milk in front of you.Super fun to watch (I videoed it; I wish I could put video on Yelp.)I had green tea with mochi bits.  It was DIVINE.   Even if you're not passing by, Ice Pan is worth taking a few steps out of your way for fresh made icy deliciousness.(P.S.   I just checked out their website and there is video there!  http://www.icepanusa.com/whats_different.html  Not as awesome as MY video, but it will do the trick.)
5	someone beat me to yelping this place first?? oh man! it's inside harrah's upstairs near toby keith's i love this bar, actually asked 2 front desk in harrah's and the lady said she never heard of it.. save yourself some trouble and just go upstairs.. love this place! super friendly staff.. explained the whole process to us.. pick your flavor, your milk and your mix in.. we had strawberry w/ skim milk, with banana and raspberry mixed in.. it was so good.. best ice cream i've ever had! *Natural Ice Cream*Instantly Blended with Fresh Fruits and Vegetables.*No Artificial Colors or Preservatives! *Quick: Made within about a minute*Dairy Choices: SOY, Nonfat, Regular, or Whole*Flexibility: 15 Fresh toppings, and 10 flavors of ice creamone of my new fave places!
5	Ice Pan rocks!  I remember seeing this place being built and was very curious about it because it advertised them as making Ice Cream from scratch.  Then I checked online and saw the video how they made it (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcXOROJjSgo&feature=player_embedded).  It was impressive and I couldn't wait to try them the next time I would stop by.They're located on the 2nd floor of Harrah's next to the Starbucks.  Nice location since they get a lot of foot traffic for people coming to and from the Monorail and those needing some dessert after getting a bite at Toby Keith's.  I really couldn't decide what to order because they have so many different combinations.  But I ended up going for the Mango Ice Cream with Soy Milk with Pineapples mixed in.  I loved the energy they put in to making the ice cream (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=AMSH3KItrpDss6_jJhoL2w).  It was almost like watching a Teppanyaki chef at Benihana.  After just 1 minute, my Ice Pan Specialist finished my ice cream and it was beautiful (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=X6gi_mtAxBb2LAFcIaDyFw).  I didn't opt for the chocolate syrup because I didn't want it to interfere with the natrual fruit flavors, but maybe next time.  It was so good!!!  I was able to really taste natural flavors of the mango and pineapples.  The price may seem a little steep at $6.95, but you're paying for a nice one minute show of them preparing ice cream from scratch with fresh ingredients.  It's worth it!UPDATE 11/28/2010: Found an updated video from the Harrah's location here:(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVb8BUtrCeg)It's Awesome!!!
5	Ice Pan is really a break from the norm in terms of ice cream. My friends and I were on our way back to our cars after watching the Mac King Comedy Show at Harrah's when we stumbled across a group of people gathered around this place. Upon checking it out we discovered that it was an ice cream shop where your ice cream is made right in front of you! We ended up giving it a try.It was incredible! They have a decent selection of flavors to choose from including strawberry, mango, kiwi, and even mint chocolate. After picking your menu you also get to select whether or not your ice cream will be made out of whole, low fat, non fat, or soy milk. Once you've selected those things you can choose to add as many toppings as you'd like although I wouldn't add more than 3 or 4 as it beings to get pricey after that. When your ice cream is finally prepared you can choose to have it served to you in a cup or a waffle cone.It tastes amazing. I ordered the strawberry ice cream made from whole milk with almonds, bananas, and cheesecake bites and it was fantastic. The taste of the ice cream was just so fresh. They blended everything together nicely and even the process of making the ice cream was awesome. I definitely recommend this place to anyone on the strip looking for a healthy and delicious treat.
4	Ice Pan is great new ice cream option where you pick the base you want such as whole milk, non-fat, soy etc. Then you pick your flavor and then mix-ins and the counter person makes on the cold pan surface. The regular is 5.95 and each mix-in is .50 extra, They give you chocolate or caramel syrup as a free topping. It is located in Harrah's on the 2nd floor near the Starbuck's counter. I had the strawberry with whole milk it was very good and had a bright fresh taste.
5	Ice Pan, please come to Boston. You are the most unique and original food concept I have encountered in a long time and you will fit right at home with the hippie locavorian scene of the East Coast. Seriously, we will make you our king.Please get out of stinky, stuffy, cigarette-filled Harrah's and come to New England so I can enjoy your banana coconut with mochi and strawberry with cheesecake and mochi ice-cream in a clean, breathable environment. I know you don't want to be there either, so we will join hands, sing "Kumbaya" and allow Jesus to work his mojo to magically transport you to Beantown.
5	I'm surprised there aren't more Yelp reviews on this place; this place is the next Pinkberry/froyo phenomenon! This is made-to-order ice cream: you choose from 12-15 flavor bases (strawberry, mango, chocolate, green tea, red bean, etc), then pick what kind of dairy you want (whole, lowfat, nonfat, or soy milk) ~$5 for a regular size, then any additional toppings are $0.50/each. My mint chocolate chip was PHENOMENAL plus it was low fat and friendly to my lactose intolerance since I chose soy milk. The nice owners even suggested extra toppings and didn't charge me for them!! This is an Asian-based company (maybe Japanese? I'm not sure) that's taking a healthy approach to ice cream (no artificial ingredients). Instead, their ice cream contains something called FOS (fructooligosaccharide) which I think they use as a natural sweetener (its derived from seaweed). The best part of this place is that you get to watch the make your ice cream right in front o!f you...it's a lot of pounding and slapping of the ice cream... a fun show to watch... bring your kids.
5	Had their watermelon...can't get better than this....definitely a must try..
5	LOOOOOOOOOVE. (:I actually like the ice cream here without the toppings.  Kind of screws with the texture if they over-mix it.Anyway, this place is bomb and the workers are always really sweet.  They gave my mom a HUGE one when they found out it was her birthday, put in a ton of crazy toppings and what not... Pretty intense.Deliciously intense.My fave: chocolate w/ soy milk, no toppings.
5	LA's loss is LV's gain. Ice Pan is not only delicious, it's the closest to "healthy ice cream" that you'll ever get. Ask the owner Andy (the energetic man behind the counter) and he'll tell you all about it (along with all the secret flavor combinations that will surprise you in the best way possible). The ingredients are always fresh, the service always with a smile, and no one will judge if you have more than one :)
5	This is definitely a hidden little gem at Harrah's.  I am so glad I found this spot through yelp and was not disappointed with the green tea, soy milk, and mochi selection.
5	When it comes to ice cream this is where its at. You can be as healthy or as fatty fatso as you want, but you will have one thing in common. Its has no chemicals and its completely fresh with the most minimal ingredients. This is a must try when in Vegas. We were told the only other location is in Japan. So bear the grossness of Harrah's and try it,
5	NO SUGAR!!!  Ice Pan is a healthy alternative for ice cream.  They offer about 12 flavors to choose from, your choice of dairy, and a plethora of fresh fruits to choose from to add into the ice pan.  The process is amazing to watch.  It kind of makes you forget the hefty price you paid at  the cash register.  Kind of...it's about $7 for a bowl.  It's delicious though and worth every penny.  In addition, the owner/manager, will make you another one if your primary choice for ice pan isn't to your liking.  What a nice guy!  He's funny, sometimes, too.I tried the banana with blue berries made from low fat milk and topped with caramel sauce.  I got the thumbs up for my choices from the man himself.  Way to go me!  I also tried the green tea with lychee made with whole milk.  I needed a little help with this one.  I had to ask his recommendation for a fruit to add with green tea.  Boo...booooo to myself.  I liked them both as well as the red bean flavor my brother ordered with mochi.  The employees are cool and nice.  The place looks clean and eye catching.  Next time I'm in Vegas I definitely will stop by again.  One thing though, Ice Pan is cash only.  ATM's are conveniently located downstairs and all around Harrah's.
5	SOOO good but it was so hard to find! I found out about this place through Yelp and put it on my list of places to try out. I led my friends through Harrah's not knowing where the hell we were going, until genius me went on Yelp on my phone and saw a review here that said GO UP TO THE SECOND FLOOR! There are absolutely no signs for this place cause it's just a little counter right next to the escalators. You can easily miss it if you're not looking for it.I got the red bean with soy milk and lychee. For $6.97, it was worth it. The ingredients were fresh and there was none of that artificial crap added that nobody knows how to pronounce. And it was pretty cool watching the worker slap the ice cream around on the pan -- looks like it would be a good workout for the arms. It doesn't seem like you would get a lot when it's first being made, but after it's scooped out into the cup, it's a good-sized portion. I'll definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas, especially since now I know where the hell it is. Damn.
5	**Summary**       - Fresh - They take milk (whole, low fat, nonfat, or soy), your flavor (ie. strawberry), and their own powder (helps it turn into ice cream) and blend them up. They put the blended mix on a -35 degree surface. They mix/smash in your topping as the liquid turns into ice cream.       - Taste - Best ice cream I've ever had.       - Location - Second floor of Harrah's near the monorail station.       - Calories - Calories/sugar for a cup of Haagen Daz strawberry ice is 500 calories/44g. The calories/sugar for the low fat milk strawberry ice cream I had was 280 calories/36g.       - Payment - Cash only.**Price**       - $5.95 for a regular size + 50 cents per topping.**Ordered**       - Strawberry Ice Cream with Kiwi topping - Best strawberry ice cream I've ever head. They mash up the toppings in like cold stone.       - Oreo Ice Cream - You can taste the Oreo filling in the ice cream.       - Red Bean Ice Cream with Lychee topping - The Lychee really sweetened up the ice cream.**Recommendations**       - I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone. The ice cream is delicious and fresh and the price isn't too bad either.
1	I was one of Ice Pan's BIGGEST advocates when they were located in West Hollywood, so I was extremely excited to be reunited with the ice cream I missed so much after they decided to close shop for "remodeling". I was having withdrawals from their green tea flavor, so I purposely went to Harrah's while I was in Las Vegas a week ago. Unfortunately, I WAS EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED by the Las Vegas version of Ice Pan and I will probably never eat there again.I ordered a large and was told Ice Pan now only comes in one size. That size is TINY. (Smaller than Pinkberry's 'small'). At their West Hollywood location, Ice Pan used to give twice as much ice cream and charge half as less!! The tiny amount I was given cost $5.95 + tax and the employee informed me that Ice Pan no longer does punch cards. (You used to be able to receive a free Ice Pan after you purchased ten). The funny part is... all of Ice Pan's advertising (like the video reels they play of pseudo celebs eating the product) still show the old sizes. The regular used to be as big as Pinkberry's 'medium' and the large was huge!! Now you'd need to order two 'regular' sizes to equal the old 'large' size... which would cost $12!! I know Ice Pan is located in Las Vegas and everything is a rip-off on the strip, but DAMN. I'm going to stop recommending Ice Pan to everyone I know now. :( P.S. The employee informed me the owner probably isn't ever going to re-open the West Hollywood location or any location in CA again. (There used to be another Ice Pan in Redondo Beach). No love for CA. BUMMER.
5	I am SO ecstatic that my favorite ice cream shop is BACK!! =] ...not in Vegas, but I first went to Ice Pan in Redondo Beach about 4 years ago and they closed that location.I was recently creeping on Yelp when I saw that Ice Pan had a location in Vegas. It was a matter of hours before I found myself drooling before the menu. The cute Asian women took my order. I ordered a combination of fruit, milk and toppings. As soon as I ordered she suggested I picked a different variation of flavors. I took her advice and boy oh boy am I glad!!Now, don't be fooled by her petite size. She chops, cuts and throws the blob of ice cream on the "ice pan" to mix and freeze the mixture. This in itself is a show that brought a crowd of people watching her. But really, this is the best ice cream I have ever had. It's fresh, and the perfect amount of sweetness. The only way I could describe the amazing goodness is HEAVEN! I want to officially welcome Ice Pan to Las Vegas and will continue to visit and eat healthy and sweet.
4	Yummy but pricey! It was really easy to find from the parking garage in Harrahs - just take elevator to casino and its like a minute walk past the toby keith bar. Workers were very nice, but hard to understand at times. I had an incredibly enthusiastic Korean guy helping me. There was a list of suggested combinations on the counter, but he was also full of suggestions. We went with the following: chocolate w mochi and coconut, coffee w chocolate chips, red bean and mochi. All turned out pretty well. The end result was kinda sorta like yogurtland all mixed up. But the coffee stood out - the coffee flavor was really strong in a good way. They put on a good show mixing up the ice cream, like a really p*ssed off version of benihana. Is it really worth $15 for 2 ice creams? Mmmm I'm not so sure, but it was pretty awesome. Guessing high price was a big factor in why the Cali store didn't make it. With so many other equally delicious but cheaper frozen treats, its hard to compete.I couldn't find a phone number for them to check when they closed, but according to the Harrahs operator they're open 10am-2am. But don't quote me, I'm not sure they'd be open that late.
3	Definitely unique, but for $5.95 for a scoop and a half of ice cream it's on the pricey side. There are a ton of other ice cream, sorbet and gelato places all around the area. They need to step up their game in some way if they want to get more customers.Taste-wise the mint chocolate chip and mango ice creams that we got were good. Creamy, but oddly, not very cold. Go if you'd like to see some entertaining scraping and slapping with spatulas on an "ice pan".
5	I'm a big fan of all things soy!If only this place wasn't located all the way in Harrah's!!! Oh well.. that didn't stop me from getting a taxi here. I yelped Vegas bites before my trip and this little gem popped up! After going up the escalators, it's located right around the corner- a cute open ice cream area with a couple tables. As I was deciding what to order, I felt so giddy inside knowing that I can eat my sweet treat without worrying about rumblies in my tumbly. This was my first time being able to choose how my ice cream was made! How cool is it that you can choose what goes into your ice cream as well as watch it be made before your eyes??! I chose the red bean ice cream, soy milk, and lychee as the fruit topping. The workers happily took my order and rang me up for about 5 bucks (for a cup of ice cream it's pretty pricey but you're paying for the work and quality). The science in this is amazing. The flavored red bean and soymilk was poured onto this nitrogen cooled plate and magically before my eyes, the goddess of a worker created this icey consistency of the mixture- slapping and scraping scraping scraping until it solidified a bit. Once that was done, she dropped a couple of lychees atop and chopped them into the mixture. Slapping, scraping, mixing, my creation was finally done right before my eyes. I savored each creamy bite. SUPER CREAMY, as a matter of fact! I was a happy camper.  I enjoyed this new experience, greeted by the cutest workers, right within sin city, and came out with something healthy, sweet, and ice creamy- i felt like i walked on a mini cloud above the devil's playground- if that made any sense. As good as it gets for me!
3	I was not impressed.There were two workers at the time I went.  I seemed to have gotten the less experienced one.  She struggled awkwardly to mix the ice cream.There was only one size, and it was expensive for the amount you get.I got green tea, and was disappointed.  The texture was light and creamy, but it didn't taste as strong as I would have hoped for the price.  I would try this again, but not at this location.  Ingenious franchise idea.
5	Yeah yeah yeah it's $5.95 for four small scoops of ice cream. Wait a minute it's not JUST ice cream! It's not something that was made two or three months ago and sitting around waiting to get eaten. It's made right in front of you! First you choose your flavor (strawberry for me). Then you choose your dairy: non fat, low fat, whole or soy milk. Soy for me. Then you choose your toppings. fresh strawberries and mochi balls.They mix the strawberry liquid and soymilk together then put it on this cold metal thing. It starts to freeze and they keep mixing it til its ready for the toppings. They kind of chop and mix it into the ice cream, not really "toppings".When its ready they scoop it into a  cup or cone whatever you want.Really good, cross between ice cream and frozen yogurt.
5	Love this place! Great healthy ice cream even for vegans. Also the customer service is absolutely amazing. Thank you!
4	You want how much for this serving of ice cream? $5.95 base price, add $.50 for each topping, and $.85 more if you want a waffle cone. At first, I was put off with the fact that they are so careful with how much of the mix ins they put in. I watched my ice cream maker count out three raspberries and eight blueberries to add into my mango soy ice cream. For $7, I was starting to feel nickel and dimed. This all changed when I got my ice cream. It was rich, naturally sweet (treading too sweet, but never overstepped the line), getting raspberries to balance it out was a good choice. My hater mentality quickly went away while I enjoyed this delicious treat. It is hard to stay mad after seeing how much work goes into making each cup. The scraping, slapping, cutting, smashing, and mixing is tedious work. The cashier slashes out the gratuity line on the receipt, so bring a few dollars if you plan to tip. After watching them work, it is hard not to throw a few dollars into the jar.
4	I like science. I like food. Therefore I like Ice Pan. 3 stars for the product and 1 more for the friendly service. It was entertaining seeing the process of how Ice Pan makes their ice cream, and good to see they offer milk alternatives. Although it seems that the ice cream is made from powder, but at least they have lots of fruit choices. My choice for my visit was Green Tea with mochi (who doesn't like mochi?), and raspberries. The worker told me the flavor of their Green Tea would really be robust and put shame on the Green Tea ice cream you buy at markets... but I have to disagree. It was okay! I do think price was a bit steep for the serving size... but it is in a casino. Maybe in the future I'll have a more common flavor like Vanilla to determine its flavor explosion!
3	GREAT TEXTURES on the ice creams!!!frozen yogurt with pineapple and mochi.. flavor was a bit mild (yogurt could have been more tart AND sweet).. did not like the pineapple chunks that were too frozen/hardpeanut butter with m&m's.. SOLIDwait time is TOOOOOOO LONG.. 30 minutes for two ice creams when you're the only one in line.. thats unacceptable
5	This place is amazing.   If you're looking for a place that can give you a delicious, fresh, handmade creamy dessert, with or without dairy, and relatively  low sugar (I'm told they use Splenda, which has dextrose), and all natural ingredients, this is the place.   I first time I tried their Lemon ice cream (which I chose with Soy Milk) and it was amazing.  The owner showed me the lemon juice they make it out of.  Then they make the ice cream right in front of you.   And mix in any number of optional ingredients, such as nuts or fruit or cheesecake bites.   It's like a combination of Coldstone Creamery and most frozen yogurt places, with the unique twist--again--that they make it all from scratch in front of you.At the moment, this place is only in Harrah's on the strip in Las Vegas, but I'm praying the owner expands and opens some up here in the Los Angeles area (preferably in the east san fernando valley :))     It would do AMAZING business out here.  The problem is that given the time it takes to make each order, I could see them having a problem handling the volume of customers they would likely get!
5	This place is frikking amazing. Absolutely fresh, made on the spot, customized to however you want. The guy behind the counter is super nice, and let my friend go behind the counter to attempt at making her own ice-cream. I believe it can be made vegan as well. It takes time to make each one, and a lot of strength [just look at how they slap it down! - definitely harder than it looks according to my friend who went behind the counter] so if there's a line, expect some wait. It Is Worth It. Will definitely go back.
5	Was a nice small place on second floor.  They make ice cream from scratch and mix our in front of you.  The owners are very out spoken and friendly.  I would recommend trying them out.
5	I'm like a horse right now with blinders on because I am completely overlooking how much I spend for just a couple of small scoops of Strawberry Ice Cream with Oreo cookies, strawberries, and cheesecake bits mixed in. Three mix-ins may sound excessive and expensive, but I'll let my taste buds make the decisions for me over my wallet any day. Ok, maybe not. But it's my favorite thing to get at Ice Pan and I refuse to be frugal when it comes to my ice cream!Healthy ice cream no less... with SEA WEED in it! Sounds weird, right?NO, IT'S AMAZING.
5	Super fun to watch--and REALLY good! I seriously try and make it here EVERY trip to Vegas because they are yumyumyummy. They're always really nice and quick to make suggestions and answer any questions. I've been here a few times now and everything I've had has been delicious.They have a wide array of options, but dairy/non-dairy, fresh fruit, cookies, nuts, chocolate, caramel, yada yada yada. LOVE this place. :)
5	I just happened to come across Ice Pan while wandering around Harrah's  one night.  This is definately a hidden jewel within everything the Vegas strip has to offer.   At first I almost passed it up due to steep starting price of around $6 for a cup of ice cream, but it is worth every penny.  This was the best ice cream I have had anywhere and I ended up returning 3 times in the next week although I transfered to a different hotel.  Customers can choose from a variety of flavors and ingredients to add in and every order is made from scratch with fresh ingredients right in front of your eyes.  Because fresh ingredients are used and customers have their choice of ingredients and type of milk, Ice Pan's ice cream is relatively more nutritious than other ice cream options at only 200 calories a cup.  After 2 minutes of watching your creation come together, the result is a delicous creamy ice cream with the perfect blend of flavor and refreshment.  Not only does Ice Pan offer great ice cream, but a fun and unique experience.  The two guys who were working here were extremely friendly, energetic, and made sure customers had fun creating their ice cream.  They even remembered me when I returned two days later!  Since Ice Pan is tucked away in a hidden location that one will probably only find if they are going to the Harrah's Las Vegas monorail stop, there was never a long wait.       This is the only location of Ice Pan in the United States and will definately be a must on all future trips to Vegas!
5	I was walking through to Harrah's from Inperial Palace and happened upon an ice cream place. But this is no ordinary ice cream place, here they make the ice cream fresh right in front of you, with no nitro to be seen. I chose red bean ice cream made from soy milk and mochi topping. They gave me extra mochi, too! I loved that they put on a little show while making your dessert. Don't go without expecting at least 3 high fives from the owners.
4	Great idea. But Too pricey. Bern here 3 TimesHad Greentea ICE & chocolate.
3	After reading all of the wonderful reviews, I couldn't wait to get there. I brought 3 others with me and we are all big ice cream fans. We were all somewhat disappointed. The ingredients are healthier than regular ice cream and the show of making the ice cream is fun to watch but those are the only 2 good parts.It took a good 5-10 minutes to make each of ours and there were 2 customers in front of us, so it was a good 30 minutes before mine was ever made (ladies first!). The real disappointment was the flavor. Between us we tried vanilla with peanut butter cup, chocolate with chocolate chips and mint chocolate chip with walnuts. They were all "OK" but the flavors seemed muted. It is expensive and so based on the time spent and the overall flavor we will not be back. Why is there no Carvel in Vegas when you need one?
5	This is a must MUST see when you are in Vegas. Some fancy new technology magically turns liquid into frozen/creamy ice cream in less than 1 minute.  It is Korean own and the ice cream makers are so cute and funny. Unfortunately, being located at Harrah's does not give it justice.  The modern/stylish look and unique idea definitely belongs somewhere else.  I ordered the Green Tea ice cream with Soy milk and Lychee. A little pricey at $7 for a small cup of freshly made ice cream. But totally worth it!Pick your ingredients and watch liquid turn into ice cream goodness!
4	So far, this is my favorite ice cream shop in terms of originality. How many places can make your ice cream out of scratch right in front of you? Milk options include non-fat, low-fat, whole milk and organic soymilk. Great for those who are lactose intolerant. Toppings include nuts, chocolate, fresh fruit, etc. Ingredients are mixed on a pan that's way below freezing temps. The owners have mad skills bringing together all the ingredients. I liken the experience to watching teppanyaki but with more elbow grease applied. Ice Pan has somewhat limited flavors and the healthier options, frankly, don't taste as good but I love the novelty and brief entertainment.
5	I never would've found this place if it wasn't for my lactose intolerant friend who lives in Vegas. She said she found it because she was searching around for lactose-intolerant-friendly ice cream and came across IcePan... Dude, IcePan is highly underrated and I have a feeling it is going to blow up real soon especially once it starts to get super hot. You have your choice of what fruit, type of milk and toppings and everything is made fresh right in front of you on an IcePan. The technique is so interesting to watch. Their team is super animated and friendly. The guy who made my ice cream kept reminding me that a normal cup of what I got would be about 600 calories and mine was only 100. Wow. Seriously, IcePan had me at "healthy ice cream"... and the fact that it tastes more delicious than any other ice cream just puts it wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy over the top. A VEGAS MUST!!!! Go get it!
5	Yummy!! This is probably the best green tea ice cream I've ever had! It's pretty amazing to see them make it right before your eyes in only about a minute. It was kind of hard to find, but I'm glad I got to try it. :)
5	Yes, the ice cream here is expensive, but some things are just worth it! Icepan has such a wide selection of bases - whole milk, 2% milk, skim, and soy - as well as flavors and toppings, but the best part if that everything is made from scratch right in front of you.I'm a vegan and got the most amazing soy green tea ice cream with mochi. I don't generally like soy ice cream, but I honestly wouldn't have been able to tell you that this was soy. I sat there with a stupid grin on my face the whole time I was eating it, saying, "Mmmm this is so gooood."
5	I LOVE THIS PLACEWhen i went to this place for the first time. the sweet Asian girl at the front was extremely helpful.I GOT THE GREEN TEA ICE CREAM!!!! you don't understand... i am obsessed with green tea ice cream...  I also am a very healthy whole organic food advocate....There ice cream is freshly made and all organic! not only that but it is so hard to make! the girl making my ice cream explained why she was doing what she was doing and all of the benefits of their ice cream compared to others. she BEAT in the texture and the flavor was to die for!She even was so kind to make sure i completely loved my ice cream... she made sure i was a happy customer and seeing as how i work in customer service it was nice to see a employee with great customer service skills!next time i am in town i will be sure to eat here again!
4	My boyfriend and I became the happiest people on earth when we came to this Ice Pan. Apparently, our nearest Ice Pan (located in Hollywood, CA) is closed down. So coming to this place made us very happy. Service was o.k since their employee (I guess a new one) struggled with working with the machine. Also, their ice cream can be somewhat pricey. Hence, I gave it a 4/5 stars. I got myself a strawberry flavor with soy milk. Also topped with mochi and strawberry bits. Overall, it was delicious. :)
5	I'll put in simple words for you all.  The best ice cream i've ever had in my entire life.  It kinda cool how they make in front of you in like a couple minutes.  It is pricey for it being ice cream, prices start at $5.95 and .$50 each topping.  But if you go once in a blue moon its ok to splurge on a craving.
5	Great entertainment and great ice cream.My wife and I were leaving after a show and started hearing a loud banging sound. We thought someone was getting beat up so we went to see what was going on. Next thing you know we see this Korean guy (owner) making ice cream. This was the most entertaining thing ever since he puts so much effort and you know he cares about his business. We caught the tail end of it so I just ordered something so I can see it again. I was a bit disappointed that his wife was the one making the ice cream and not him and it wasn't as entertaining. Luckily another couple that ordered as well and the show began again. After 2-3 minutes of punching, elbowing, and throwing ice cream around they scooped it into a cup. I came back again just to see him but he wasn't there and was told he works at night.Also the ice cream was very good as well.
4	Better than Coldstone's? I think so. Park in Harrah's garage and walk right in, it's pretty much right near the entrance of the self-park garage.Pretty cool how you can see it go from milk to ice cream in a matter of seconds right before your eyes. I had the pistachio with whole milk, almonds, cheescake, and mochi. It was delicious and very creamy. To top it off, you must get it in their homemade waffle bowls, it's not overly sweet but has very nice sugary crunch to it that goes well with the ice cream. Only downside is that this place isn't exactly cheap, everything came out to like 9 bucks for something that's really not all that big.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RHi3Bn4HBGBp105LdVlZbQ?select=rZ4Ib8pZ0sAqUC0PvdrfKw#rZ4Ib8pZ0sAqUC0PvdrfKw
4	Fun to watch them make any flavor combos from one of four types of milk. My only complaint is it is very expensive. $5.95 milk with flavor and .50 per mixin. Four kids 29.00 - and i didnt get one!  but it is sort of entertainment watching them make them. Taste is really good.
1	Taste really BAD.... Maybe my expectation for a 4.5 star icecream shop was too high. It kills your appetite for real icecream.  Don't recommend for anyone who wants a good taste icecream.
5	Kind of expensive, but totally worth it.  The folks that run the stand are hilarious as well.  If you're down on the Strip, definitely check it out.  I think there are only one or two of these in the US, so you're not going to just stumble across another one!  I recommend the green tea or pistachio ice cream (I get mine with soy milk).
4	Wow...Ice cream benihanas! Ice cream made before your eyes on a ice pan. End result was great tasting fresh ice cream. Great Experience...take the kids and enjoy!
5	This is the most delicious ice cream in the world. It was so great I actually ordered a second bowl after finishing the first. It is fascinating to watch how they make it and the most refreshing thing in the world. It will be my first stop on my next trip.
5	Good lord, Ice Pan.This is by far the best ice cream you can get in Las Vegas, and practically the only ice cream you can get at 2:00 am.I did not expect it to be so above-average, considering it seems gimmicky and overpriced. I was absolutely blown away!I love the range of flavor selections. I love how they flavor their ice cream solely with whatever fruit/ingredient the ice cream is based on. The banana ice cream is flavored with a pureed banana. The coffee iced cream is flavored with shots of espresso. So perfect!I have to admit that the furthest I will venture from my go-to coffee flavor choice is stealing bites of whatever my girlfriend gets. Ice Pan's coffee ice cream is the best I've had! The espresso comes through nice and bold, and is not overly sweetened like most coffee ice cream.What keeps me coming back to Ice Pan is the unique texture of their product. If you've been to Humphry Slocombe in SF, you will recognize Ice Pan's texture. The ice cream is densely frozen and very cold, but not hard. It is like a collection of quick-melting micro-crystals of ice. As explained by Ice Pan's charismatic owner, this texture is achieved by forcefully slapping the ice cream against the pan as it freezes, thus eliminating air bubbles.All of their employees are very energetic and friendly. They talk to you about the process as they make your ice cream, while they laugh and joke. The owner is a hilarious guy- expect at least three high-fives per visit. He also likes to suggest toppings as he throws your ice cream, throwing them in for free if you approve.For their unique product, memorable customer experience, and quality ingredients, Ice Pan is worth the extra few dollars per serving over average ice cream shops, and epitomizes what I love in local food.
4	Ice Pan has to be one of the best ice cream experiences you have in Vegas.The transformation of natural ingredients in a matter of seconds into a delicious ice cream is truly marvelous!The energy and vibes by the owner shows her true passion for her craft and I hope that this review compels you to try their ice cream. Pick any flavor of your choice and I will assure you that you won't be disappointed. We stuck to our favorites- chocolate and banana with toppings :)
4	Ice Pan definitely is worth it. The owner and his staff are very friendly and cool people trying to make you laugh and enjoy it. Want to see you ice cream made in front of you..? Go here. The actual ice cream was really good. They had a good variety of flavors and toppings to choose from, and you could tell the ingredients were fresh. The quality of the ice cream was on point. Price reflects the gimmick of having the ice cream made in front of you but it is worth it. And I would rather go here than Cold Stone anyday.
5	We discovered Ice Pan on our last trip to Vegas and fell in love.The owner (older Korean man), is great at what he does. Have him make your ice cream if you can. He likes to joke around and keeps it entertaining while you wait for your ice cream. Because he claims he's so "angry", he bangs the shit out of it. Therefore, it's a lot creamier when he makes it. The ice cream is made from scratch, and the waffle bowl cones are freshly made as well. As someone who's not a fan of terribly sweet desserts, the sweetness level was perfect and it's great for people who are watching their calorie intake. A scoop of banana with soy milk is only 140 calories! I think it's also supposed to help regulate your poop. :3My favorite combination was the banana ice cream with strawberry and mochi toppings.So sad that we've barely just discovered this place. Apparently there used to be one in LA, but they closed it down. HOW and WHY would you ever close down an Ice Pan?!?!?Well anyway, if you ever find yourself staying at or nearby Harrah's, don't pass this up! It's really a gem, and its location doesn't serve it justice.
5	Super cool place.  They use an anti-griddle to instantly make any flavor ice cream you desire.  We had the following:Green tea ice cream made with low fat milk and lychees in a waffle bowlMango ice cream made with low fat milk with fresh pineapple and mango.Both were excellent. A little pricey, but worth it since they customize it and everything is natural and fresh!FYI - Ice Pan excepts cash, or (if you have enough) you can redeem your Total Rewards credits as payment.
3	Concept is pretty cool as long as you're willing to wait several minutes to get your treat. Pick a flavor and maybe some toppings and watch your ice cream be made right in front of your eyes. I ordered strawberry ice cream with cheesecake bites! Pretty good. The ice cream had very creamy texture and who can go wrong with strawberry and cheesecake? I would say it's overpriced though. However, you're already in Vegas so why not splurge a little right?If I had the choice, though, I would go to my local Rite-Aid and get a scoop for just $1.69 instead.
4	So this is not your typical ice cream place. First off - the owner - super nice dude.  Reminded me a bit too much like my dad, probably because he sounded like him.  He explained to me their whole process and what they put in and don't put in to their ice cream.You pick your flavor.  Then the type of milk (you can get regular, low fat or non fat) and then if you want any mix ins.I was drawn to the new flavor of Pistachio.  And he showed me - look, we use real pistachios as part of the mix.   And the guy making my ice cream sat there with a immersion blender blending the pistachios into the milk (of your choice)since there is no sugar added to this concoction it wasn't that sweet.  It definitely tasted like pistachios though.  After I had checked in to this place - my bestie told me to get peanut butter with bananas.  I'll have to get a bit more creative with my choices.  I can see how peanut butter chocolate and bananas can be just fabulous.
5	Ice Pan is by far the best ice cream I have ever had. I used to go to the Santa Monica location quite often, and then they closed down on me. So when I found out they had opened one at Harrah's in Vegas, I had to make a stop... or two... or three... fine, four times, okay. Located on the second floor by the monorail and bridge connection between Imperial Palace, I took my boyfriend here as a surprise since he, too, loved ice Pan when I first took him to the one in Santa Monica.So I noticed a lot of people were laughing, not sure at or with the owner of Ice Pan. You see, the owner is unbelievably nice and really loves providing people the fresh and sugar-free ice cream he has created. He's enthusiastic to the extreme. Some people find that weird but I find that good customer service. i want the person whom takes my order to be over-the-top friendly. I want suggestions and to be explained how the place works. The owner high five me because it was NOT my first time and fist bump my boyfriend. So we got the strawberry sorbet with cheesecake topping with soy milk. You pick a flavor ice cream, the kind of milk you want them to use, and one topping that they'll mix in. In addition, the staff was nice enough to add fresh strawberries on top of our ice cream. Love that they aren't cheapening out. A small is a good enough dessert portion for two, especially after a buffet dinner in Vegas. Your ice cream is made to order and you can watch them make it in front of you. In fact, it's encouraged and part of the Ice Pan experience to watch the staff make your ice cream from scratch. There are just a couple of tables in front of Ice Pan and those same tables are shared with the Starbucks next to it. Good thing ice cream can be one of those walk-and-eat kind of treats. A definite hidden gem in Vegas you do not want to miss.
3	Mmmm, the coolest thing about this ice cream shop is that you can see your ice cream being made in front of you. Because everything is natural, it tastes healthier too... but eh, I'm not that big of a fan. I had the pistachio ice cream and I only recommend it if you like pistachio A LOT. And that's emphasizing the "lot". My friend got the strawberry cheesecake too, and it lacked the usual creaminess of an ice cream. It tasted more like tart - so maybe it should be called "Tart Pan". But yea, I say just go for the first time experience, but I don't think I would go again. The guy working behind the counter was really helpful though! We kept badgering him with questions about how this ice cream thing works, and he didn't seem at all annoyed with us.
2	Overrated.  I've definitely had better ice cream.  On a bright note, the girl making the ice cream was very friendly, but the ice cream was nothing to write home to mom about.  I much rather have the ice cream selections they offer at the buffet.
5	I discovered this wonderful place on my last trip to Vegas and I'm so glad I did. Also, I have to give a HUGE thanks to my wife for forcing me to buy the daily monorail pass which is how we found this wonderful - amazing Ice cream place. This spot is right in the Harrahs hotel as you come out of the monorail (No I did not stay at the Harrahs). The ice cream they serve is so fresh, they literally get fruits, blend it with some milk (your choice of milk) and then they throw it in a super cold pan and beat the crap out of the ice cream for like 5 to 10 minutes until the liquid becomes cream. You really have to watch it, the preparation is better than some Vegas shows :) and the end result is freaking magic.
5	I LOVEEEEE the ice cream here!! The pistachio one is the best!!! I love how you can customize the ice cream down to what kind of milk is used and watching the entire process just makes it even more fun. The only thing I don't like is the price of just a single scoop, but I guess it's all the labor that goes into scraping the ice cream on the pan over and over again. So sad that the only location is in Las Vegas, but more of a reason to go there and eat and play!
5	The guy who seemed like the owner of Ice Pan is a pretty high energy guy that got very excited about his product and absolutely makes you want to try it! The store is also located inside of Harrah's casino where I stayed.The main kicker here is that they don't use any sugar, they make it right in front of you, and you can basically build your own treat!I got a regular strawberry ice cream with a complimentary birthday waffle cone and cheese cake for $6.97... not shabby, I guess... but what ISN'T expensive on the strip?? However, it is definitely a place you should try at least once when you're in the area!
4	Damn unique way to experience ice cream. I'm a big fan now. The flavors just taste so pure. Have to get this every time I'm in the area. It's also very easy to get to from the self park. Makes it a no brainer.
4	Not "Ice Cream" as I know it, but I enjoyed the heck out of it. Not sweet and not airy, but delicious. The show of buying it and them making it is worth the trek through the bowels of Harrah's. As a side, Toby Keith? Really?
4	The whole making the ice cream on order is not a gimmick!  It allows you to taste some of the freshest ice cream you will ever experience and the difference is undeniable.  I only wish I got more value for the price but ofcourse this is Vegas.
5	I don't know what else to add that hasn't already been covered.  This made-to-order frozen dessert place is entertaining and an exercise in patience.  Watching the Ice Pan folks slap your (non)dairy atoms on the icepan is definitely a fun show.  Of course, all the while you're watching, you're wishing that the process would just hurry-up-a-bit-because-you-really-want-your-dessert!Choose from your choice of dairy milk or non-dairy milk, then select your choice of flavour, then decide upon the topping(s).  No preservatives or additives (except what may be in the toppings -- Oreos, Reese pb cups, etc.) and all made in front of your eyes in about 2 minutes.  (I timed it.)  It's too bad that one has to fight through the Harrah's smoky casino to get to Ice Pan, but it's worth it.  Be prepared to wait a while; we checked out Ice Pan on a weekday during the late afternoon and despite being 2 of about 5 people in the queue, it still took about 15 minutes for the Ice Pan folks to start our order.  We forgot that pain as soon as we tasted our dessert though.  :)
3	Kinda fun, but a little on the expensive side.
3	Solid 3 stars. Friendly staff and fun entertainment. Be warned: the wait is long... like 20 min avg wait long. We had 4 guest in front of us and our wait took about 25 min. The ice cream is nothing exciting to me. In fact, I thought it wasn't very sweet (which is good) and that the ice cream lacked richness. We got the green tea ice cream mixed with strawberries and mochi. I do enjoyed the freshness of all the ingredients but there isn't anything that stands out.While you wait, might I recommend grabbing a table if you can and sit facing the walkway. The casino and restaurant nearby draws the most interesting crowd. It was so fun watching the people dressed up in their hot gears wandering around. That made the wait worthwhile in itself for me!
4	yay! haha... this was definitely an interesting little place. I found this place looking for late-night ice cream treats. A bit of a trek to get in there, but the whole process is really cool. great for people that aren't super interested in really sweet ice cream, and they prefer a more organic choice. be warned though, it's a bit pricey for the amount you get. But i guess that's the price of quality and organic.
5	I ordered the Green Tea Sorbet with whole milk and was able to get some toppings for free. This place is hidden behind the Harrah's casino on the 2nd floor  going towards the monorail.
5	You basically can't go wrong with any flavor you choose here, and it's a show too! Think of Coldstones, but they actually make the ice cream from scratch right on the pan.Start off by choosing the flavor, ranging from fruits to coffee and mint chip, then the milk type, and any additional add ins. They have whole fat milk all the way down to nonfat and even soymilk, so for those of us trying to watch the fat intake and lactose intolerant, this place is perfect. The owners get only the best fruits and they're always super sweet. The husband actually drove all the way to LA just to buy fresh pomegranates! They'll make suggestions of what add-ins go best with what flavor, and they've never steered me wrong. They owners are also a blast to talk with! Any travellers looking for a treat, or locals, should definitely give this place a try! It can be a little tricky to find though, it's all the way in the back of Harrah's, by the parking structure entrance, but it's well worth to walk back there.
4	Checked this place out on Yelp and decided to hit this spot up when I was in Vegas! This place reminded me of Coldstone! However, you get to actually choose the ingredients you wish to make your ice cream out of. Soo maybe you can make it a bit healthier with the non fat milk! ;) Everything is in liquid form beforehand and they will magically whip it into an ice cream dessert on their famous ice pan! You get to choose your flavor and type of milk along with the fruits you would like incorporated. I chose their strawberry with mochi mixed in. The gentlemen was nice enough to add in strawberries for me for free! The dessert tasted more like a sorbet than frozen yogurt and it was very good! The fruits used were fresh which made the ice cream a bit tastier. I would highly recommend you come by and try this place out located in the Harrah's casino!
5	Ice cream was great and watching them make it was super fun!!!  They were sooo nice and offered to re-make anything we didn't like.  Just fantastic!
4	I like this place. It's cool to watch them make your ice cream from scratch. You can pick whatever milk you want as well. The people are super friendly, chatting while they make it in front of you. The ice cream is light and low on calories. It isn't strongly flavored and isn't too sweet, which I enjoy. I got the peanut butter with oreos, which ended up tasting like a reese pieces! Delicious. The only downside is that it takes a while to make, so I normally will get a scoop when no one is in line.
5	Wow! Just wish this place was not on the strip. It should be across the street from my house!
5	I got mango-mango. It was so good. Sweet but not too sweet. All I can say is yummy and was worth the money!
5	Im not the really a big fan of Ice Cream but Ice pan just took the cake.Their ice cream is defitnitley one of the best ones out there. They have a on the spot made ice cream which isn't overly sweet but just the perfect taste of icecream.-The manager is really friendly pretty funny too.I got the green tea ice cream and it was just amazing we need more of these types of ice cream shops in L.A!
1	Ugh, I dislike writing bad reviews! Trust me, I really wanted to like Ice PanFirst of all, it is almost IMPOSSIBLE to find this place inside of Harrah's! Seriously! No signage on the casino floor. I know this is not necessarily Ice Pan's fault, but they need to address this. When you finally do reach the second floor, the place looks awesome. They had two employees making ice cream from scratch in cold pans.However, it takes FOREVER just to make one customer's ice cream! Be prepared to wait a half and hour or more if there a couple people ahead of you.Like other Yelpers mentioned, the manager/cashier/owner guy is VERY talkative. While he seems cool at first, he does all this hard selling (explains the calorie difference between regular ice cream, shows you fresh strawberries, etc). After about two minutes, it gets really old. He makes weird jokes while you are waiting and tries to have you do all these bizarre handshakes. I was chatting with a client of mine on my cell phone, and the manager guy wouldn't leave me alone! Seriously, it is one thing to be friendly with your customers, but if I'm obviously busy on my phone, there is no need to constantly annoy me!After waiting another 15 minutes, an employee finally started to prepare my ice cream. I ordered decaf coffee with soy milk, raspberries, chocolate chips, and strawberries. The base mix she started with came out of some sketch machine (didn't look as "natural" as the manager was saying it was). About 5 minutes later, it was near completion. She added the fruit and chocolate chips in and then asked "Would you like coconut? It will taste yummy!". I can't stand coconut and replied with a clear "No thanks.". She continued making my ice cream and then tossed a bunch of coconut in like it was no issue and said "You'll like it!". Are you kidding me? I paid a crapload of money for this "trendy" ice cream and she just throws coconut in after I say I don't want it?! At that point, I just took the ice cream and left. I wasn't interested in waiting any longer. On top of the whole situation, the actual ice cream was also disappointing. It tasted worse than any other regular ice cream. Honestly, aside from cutting calories, I would say it tasted like something I whipped up at home in two minutes. Definitely not worth it!Ok, here comes the worst part! I read in some brochure they have after eating a significant amount of my ice cream that it causes "accelerated bowel movements". They claimed this was "natural" and "healthy". Let me tell you, my stomach was so BAD the whole night! I couldn't stop using the restroom.All in all, save yourself the time, money, frustration, and bowel movements and head to one of the many ice cream shops inside the other resorts (the cafes inside the Bellagio have excellent, fresh ice cream with professional employees!).
3	Located inside Harrah's Casino on the 2nd floor.  Seems to be run by Koreans as the cashier is PSY Gangnam Style on caffeine!...so damn hyper (but in a good way).  You first choose a flavor, type of milk, and toppings. Its pretty cool to watch them spank and slap your ice cream into shape on a frozen platter.  I ordered the green tea flavor, low fat milk, and before I could say what topping I wanted, the cashier finished my order...."mochi topping? How I know? Becosss, you ashhun and you lub greena tea flabor withee mochi." Well hot damn, I guess I fit the stereotype!  He also counts your money and change by multiplying 1,000. So my ice cream total came out to be $7,000 and I gave him a $10,000 bill and got about $3,000 in change. Maybe he likes counting in korean won?Overall, good tasting ice cream but overpriced for what it was. It touts being completely natural and low on calories....but if I choose to eat ice cream, I'm not really thinking about how healthy it is am I? Kudos for the manager for having an awesome attitude!
2	Very much underwhelmed.Ice cream was alright. It wasn't very creamy for me. It felt... hard?And the overtly friendly Korean man running the shop was friendly but he just won't stop talking when you're ordering the ice cream. And when you've been standing in line for a while you get tired of hearing how healthy and organic his ice cream is.It's also very expensive for a scoop of ice cream.I don't think I'll be returning.
4	I finally checked Ice Pan off my bookmark list!  I had wanted to try this place since Atomic #7 closed, thinking it was the same concept.  Well, not exactly.  First, Ice Pan is only located here and has 2 locations in Japan!  Second, they use a frozen "pan" to freeze the milk and create ice cream, and boy does it take some serious arm strength!I told the associate I am a first timer - he welcomed me loudly, fist bumped me, and gave me brochures about the healthy benefits of Ice Pan ice cream.  He also let me see the real matcha powder used to make the green tea ice cream.  I ordered soy milk green tea with mochi.  The price is $6.97 with tax...but woops - it is cash only!  AHHHH.  I had $6.25 plus an enormous amount of pennies.  First, the associate told me I could just pay on my return.  Then he willingly took my $6.25, so I was short 52 cents.I watched the lady sling and power my soy milk matcha mochi concoction into scoopable ice cream and into the carton.  The associate who took my order made sure I was happy with the taste, then he asked me, "Are you single?" after glancing at my ring.  I told him no, and he laughed and told the lady next to me, "But she is a TEENAGER!" so that was fun.Every person gets greeted, fist bumped, and asked to watch the creation of their treat.  It is a neat concept even if a tad expensive.  Just remember, CASH ONLY!!!
5	I love this place! I ordered their Strawberry Soy Milk Ice Cream. You have the option to choose your flavor, dairy, and toppings. They use fresh fruits blend it with dairy (I chose soy milk), and makes the ice cream from scratch right in front of you! I didn't choose any toppings, just got it plain. It felt like I was eating fresh strawberries when I ate my ice cream. So good on a hot day in Vegas ;)
5	This is a must stop if you are anywhere near Harrah's and have a hankering for ice cream. You are quickly greeted by a Gangnam Style owner who is very excited and proud to sell you his ice cream. He was very helpful about how they make the ice cream and the hundreds of different combinations they sell. You start off by picking what type of milk you want your ice cream made with. You can choose from whole, 2%, 1%, skim and I think they even have soy too. Then you add your mix-in's and then they mix everything together and make your very own ice cream in this ice pan, hence the name of the shop is called "Ice Pan". The ice cream was very good and creamy, I think this is a great idea, I have never had someone make my ice cream from scratch as I waited. What a great concept!!
5	This place is incredible! You choose exactly how you want your icecream to be, down to the type of milk and the flavor, and they make it from scratch right before your eyes!While in Vegas, I had a hankering for some icecream and my husband and I decided to give this place a try. He ordered pistachio icecream with blueberries. I was impressed to see that the worker actually ground fresh pistachios in a food processor, before creating the flavored cream mixture. Talk about fresh-from-scratch!I ordered coffee icecream with raspberries. It was delicious and so creamy, even with the nonfat milk!If you are in Vegas, this is a must-try! Yes, it is a little pricey, but where else are you going to have an experience like this? It was worth it!
4	This place is a hidden gem! We had just eaten lunch at KGB, and were by no means hungry, but we spotted this place on our way back to our car and had to stop out of curiosity, and I'm so glad we did! The guy working there was really friendly and went out of his way to be helpful. We had seen red bean as a flavor option on the video, but it wasn't on the board, so we asked him about it. He dug around in the back til he found some, then called his boss to make sure it wasn't expired! Thanks for that! So we had red bean with lowfat milk. The ice cream had a yummy flavor, but a grainy texture. I want to try a different flavor next time, as I think the texture could have been partly due to the red bean. We will definitely be back when we have a little more room in our tummies!Oh, PS, they are CASH ONLY!!!
5	Absolutely love this place. This ice cream is totally new, inventive, and unique. I also love how you can choose from so many flavors and also from different milk options. I went for the yogurt flavor, soy milk, and added chunks of mango and pineapple. Perfect treat. The people that work here are soooo nice and really understand customer service. I love how they chop up the fruit into your ice cream and mix the liquid until it solidifies. Its like eating a science experiment! The ONLY thing that is keeping me from coming back is the location. I"m a local, and hate going on the strip let alone going inside the Harrahs. Its really unaccessible. The owner however did tell us that they were planning on moving inside the Rio within the next few years so I guess I'll just have to keep waiting longer.
5	I think it's really sad that this place is tucked away in an unlabeled corner at Harrah's (it's up the stairs leading to the rooms at Harrah's, on the left)! This place was awesome, I came here with my girlfriend and we shared their pistachio ice cream. The two workers there were both super friendly, chatting as they were working hard to produce the delicious ice cream on the spot. I was quite impressed by the amount of effort they put into making the ice cream.The service was excellent as well. The manager was extremely friendly, and even offered us free toppings (along with some of the other guest). She recommended bananas with our pistachio ice cream, which at first sounded rather strange but tasted extremely good! She offered the customer before us oreos and mochi to the one after us, giving what she considers to  be excellent pairings to our flavors (which they were).I think it's a pity that this place is so hidden and has no signs to direct you to it, but I definitely plan to come back to here the next time I come to Vegas!
4	The lady running this ice cream, milk (?) stand was sooo nice! She let us try leftover samples from other people's creations. They were all so good, it was hard to decide on our own. My only complaint was that it wasn't very clean and we couldn't really all sit together (there were six of us). I would definitely go again if I was at Harrah's.
5	I used to frequent Ice Pan in their original LA outpost especially during LA's extremely hot weather.  Makes sense that they would move to Las Vegas as the weather is perfect for an Ice Cream shop.  As all the other yelp reviewers have mentioned, this place is completely hidden.  Unless you are deliberately looking for Ice Pan you wouldn't stumble upon it especially inside Harrah's! They really put alot of hard work into making your ice cream with your desired toppings.I really liked the soy milk based, fat free vanilla ice cream with blueberries, mango & banana.  I also really enjoyed the soy milk based, strawberry cheese cake ice cream with mango & strawberries.
5	Meet teppanyaki's frosty counterpart! Instead of a sizzling hot flattop griddle, you'll find a metal surface chilled to subzero temperatures to instantly freeze your ice cream. The unbelievably friendly people at Ice Pan will blend, slam and chop up the ingredients to dish up ice cream made on the spot.Their frozen-to-order ice cream are fully customizable; beginning with the flavor base, the type of milk used, and finally, the toppings that'll be completely integrated into your scoop of icy goodness. You get the front row seat in watching them transform it from a smoothie-like mixture into your delectable sweet treat.Talk about a hidden gem though. My friends and I wandered into unknown and unmarked territory to find Ice Pan. There's no signage to help you find it, but you're better off asking a casino employee. It's so unfortunate that this innovative ice cream shop is a secret that's too well kept, because the whole experience is fantastic.
5	Harrah's has really got to do something about how hidden this place is, we were staying there and still didn't even know it existed until we went to the pool. Unique ice cream experience, to be sure; make sure you get everything with cheesecake in it for maximum enjoyment!
5	Interesting and delicious ice cream. Everything from ordering the ice cream to watching it being created was fun. LOVE the cashier and the ice cream makers. They are incredibly good people, funny, and make delicious ice cream. I hardly ever tip over a dollar at these kinds of places. Here I want to tip them more. Try the strawberry! Yum!Park in the Harrah's garage and walk inside.
5	Ice Pan is located on the second floor of Harrah's, right by the Monorail. Just in case you don't know what Ice Pan is, Ice Pan makes freshly made ice cream right before your eyes. You get the choice of fruits and milk. Then they blend and spread the mixture on an "Ice Pan", where it freezes into ice cream. It's like MAGIC!The owner is also extremely warm and friendly, who is very passionate about his creations. The price is a little more on the steeper side for ice cream, but its definitely worth every penny. You have to remember that you're not paying for some generic bucket ice cream at the market. These are freshly made custom ice cream to your liking. If you're in Sin City and you need a place to just chill out. Give this Hidden Gem a try, you won't regret it !
5	Great little place.  The ice cream is priced a little high, but it's worth every penny.  You get to select the milk you want used and then watch it freeze right before your eyes in their "ice pan".  They even follow-up with you afterwards to make sure you liked it.  There was a guy next to me that didn't care for his, so they started adding different flavors to it, at no extra charge, until he liked it!  Unfortunately for them, it's not in the best location.  Unless you are coming to/from Monorail or Toby Keith's, you may not know it's there!
5	Best I've cream I have ever tasted.  Entertaining to watch and a good value too.
5	Best thing ever. The guy was hilarious! I had green tea with lychee and pineapple and blueberry.
5	So cool!  I had never heard of Ice Pan before passing by a few weeks ago.  My girlfriend Yelped it and we were in.  We ordered Strawberry ice cream with mango toppings and watched our ice cream turn from a few fresh ingredients to a smoothie-like liquid into ice cream!  We overheard the customer before us asking approximately how many calories the ice cream is and the employee estimated about 200.  Good deal!!  Will definitely be back whenever I'm in Harrah's!  Yay for healthy ice cream!
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place. They literally make the ice cream in front of your eyes. It is definitely an experience! I've never had my actual ice cream made before me (and no, nothing like Coldstone). You pick the flavor, the milk, and the topping and watch as this magical pan freezes your tailored concoction in to ice cream! I had coffee with lowfat milk and raspberries...I never finish traditional ice cream because it's too fatty (and I don't have a gallbladder) but I was able to totally enjoy this ice cream and felt great afterward. As the cashier/entertainer said - "this not junk food, this healthy food!". Thank you Ice Pan! Can't wait to get back to Vegas and try a new flavor!
5	Healthy ice cream! I am a huge ice cream lover. Usually when I tell people healthy they give me the stink eye but when I had them try this, they loved it! This is a must go place. Design your own and enjoy. It is dessert and a show. The owner and his wife are very cute. They used to have a store in Hollywood but it closed down and I followed them here so it must be that good!
5	As good as the hype. If you've ever had melona bars, the consistency is like that, it's great. Owner's the chillest guy on this side of the state; we fist bumped.
2	I had high hopes for this place really, but they did not impress. I came here with my husband and ordered the green tea while he had chocolate. My green tea tasted like gum paste! My husbands however was delicious.I HIGHLY recommend you have a female make your ice cream instead of a male! My ice cream was half the volume of my husbands ice cream because the guy pounded the living life out of mine while making it. So much that there was no air incorporated into my ice cream and it came out as a nasty glob of paste! What a bummer!......he seemed like the owners son or something? He definitely looked like he has worked their for awhile. You would think he would know pounding the living life our of the mixture would make disgusting ice cream by now.....I probably will not be coming back, that ice cream was pretty nasty that I ended up throwing away my cup after three scoops.
2	With great reviews from my Yelp friends and insistent recommendations to try this place when I'm in town, I decided to finally try it. Sure, why not? Uh the hassle of ordering does NOT outweigh the product. There's friendly service then there's the forceful "let me upsell you with everything you could possibly not want on your ice cream" service. I'm not even sure if I wanna give them a two stars for the product I received.PS. If you like "natural laxatives with your ice cream, this is the place to be ;)
3	Luckily, I was staying at Harrah's so I didn't have far to go to get my ice cream fix. I was able to find Ice Pan pretty easily. It did take me a while to figure out what I wanted though. I ended up with pistachio flavoring and soy milk as my milk base. I also added in cheesecake bites and strawberries. I loved that I got to taste bits of REAL pistachio. I wish my cheesecake bites were just put on top of my ice cream instead of mixed in...but my fault for not specifying. Otherwise, pretty good ice cream. Not worth the price though, in my opinion. I might come back again just to try out different flavors/combinations. A plus though for having soy milk for those lactose intolerant!
1	Good if you want unsweetened fruit. , bad if you want ice cream. It's not sweet. I had it with bananas and strawberrys. .  Tasted bad to me made with whole milk. My friend  had it with soy milk and it tasted like fruit sorbet. His was better. I don't even like soy. My friend said they told him it had no sugar.      So it's different but it's not ice cream. My friend loved it. He's a vegetarian. I will never go back!
5	This place was GOOOOOD!  Came here for a little birthday treat after passing it about a million times to and from the monorail station at Harrah's.I ended up getting my classic cookies n cream with caramel on top.  The cool thing is, they make the ice cream right in front of you!  They take a mysterious liquid and add in your choice of dairy (whole, non-fat, soy milk, etc) and put it onto an ice cold metal thingy.  They do all this fancy stuff to it, and it turns to ice cream before your eyes!! Then they add in any mixings you want, which cost 50 cents each.  The guy and girl that were working that night were SUPER nice, and the guy that made mine told me to let him know if I wasn't happy with the choices I made, and he'd remake it!SOOOO GOOOOOOOOD.
1	Man...I was hoping to love this place but like another Yelper mentioned, you may get upset stomach after eating here! Please TAKE NOTE of this since it is not advertised until you look at the brochures.Anyways, I was in the mood for ice cream on the Strip and found this place with overall positive reviews on Yelp so decided to try! Ice Pan is located on the 2nd floor in Harrah's near the Toby Keith grill right next to the escalator. I was thinking this was similar to a Cold Stone at first but then saw the ice cream was actually made starting from a liquid then formed into a solid with toppings. The mini "show" of the staff making the ice cream is cool to watch and there are plenty of different combinations/toppings you could create. Prices are a bit steep, there's only one size and each topping is 50 cents. I had the vanilla with soy with oreos and m and m's for around $7. The guy that made it offered to remake a new one in case I didn't like it also. Now back to the upset stomach....apparently the ice cream contains some kind of mystery ingredient I've never heard of called "FOS." Its helps to relieve constipation and accelerate the....well, you get the picture. Now obviously this wouldn't be advertised on signs or warned by the staff when you place your order but I seriously had stomach issues a few hours after.  It mentions ONLY IN THE brochure that you may experience these types of issues. Based on my experience after eating here, I wouldn't return. Cool concept, but not worth the 50/50 chance of getting stomach problems afterwards...especially if you are vacationing in Vegas!!! Bummer.
4	Been here twice before.Owner is super sweet, funny, and outgoing. Had a great time making conversation and jokes with him while ordering and waiting for my delicious frozen goodness. Loved his enthusiasm in explaining the way things worked to my friends that haven't been there before. He was keen on making sure they knew how much of a healthier and better alternative this was to regular ice cream, all natural and fresh ingredients, and tastes just as amazing as any other old ice creamFirst time  I came I think I tried the red bean and green tea both with whole milk which were not bad.The second time I came, I got the whole milk with strawberry and cheesecake bites and he topped it off with fresh strawberries, none of that artificial crap, to add even more healthiness and flavor to my selection. This is one of the best combinations guys believe me. I get something similar at cold stones too.Pretty pricey,but entertaining and interesting concept in making ice cream by pounding it intensely in front of customers. Give it a try its at least worth the experience once.
5	So I have been here since they first opened in Harrah's.  After walking by all the time, I decided to try it and glad I did. Finally decided to write a review. One of the owners, Angela, is the coolest person ever! Their other workers are friendly too. The whole concept is neat and yes there is a wait time.. That is what comes when they make it right in front of you..dont know why people are so impatient.. But try the strawberry cheesecake, delicious!
5	Best ice cream I have had in a long time.   I love that it is all natural and they make it in front of you.  Very friendly staff.  We will be back!
5	This place is a wonderful little place that's tasty and healthy:) my kids and I loved our choices and the way they make it in front of you while you wait!  You choose your flavor, choose your milk & choose your toppings. Then they get to work! Oh and no matter what u choose, it's got seaweed in it (that's their secret ingredient) I got Vanilla, Non-fat, with Mochii & M&M's & it was great:)
5	This place is amazing!  Never seen ice cream made this way and it's HEALTHY!  If you ever have a chance to get to Harrah's in Vegas, you have to try Ice Pan!
4	This place is friendly, healthy, but hella pricey (pocket change compare to everything nearby). A not too sweet ice-cream place.. :-) $7 for basically 1 scoop of ice cream from Baskin Robin is the amount you'll be getting.. (no cones) (with 1 topping).. Basically it's specialty ice-cream because they make it in front of you, using an ice table.. (imagine crepe or cold stone)... Everything is healthy according to the nice man who was helping us..  Super friendly dude..I would recommend this place "to try"
5	I visit Vegas at least six times a year for work and stay the weekend, and this place is a must visit at least once (sometimes twice) on weekends EVERY visit.This is in the concourse leading into Harrah's/Quad from the Monorail and discovered it a few years ago walking into Harrah's from the monorail, and noticed they had soy milk as a milk choice and I love Lychees and I have never seen them offered at an ince cream place before and noticed they were a mixin choice and decided to give them a try and have been hooked since.It's like a reverse wok where they put in the ingrediants and they mix it really fast with a spatula and it freezes.   They have a lot of base flavors to chose from, a couple milk choices such as 2% and soy, and then you chose your mixins and they throw it in the "wok" and you have ice cream a couple minutes later.As others have mentioned it is a little expense, but well worth it.   It is much better than anything you would get at a place like BR, and the price is cheaper than the Gelato place in Ceasars and it's healthier.  The man who runs it it is very nice and is really funny.   I normally use the monorail to get around Vegas and usually get off at the Harrahs stop and even if I am not eating there and just walking past to get into Harrah's he will shout out and say hi if he sees me.   The one lady, Angela, who is usually there as well, always remembers me and is always making recomendations that are good.They do not take credit cards however.
5	I love Ice Pan! Please open one in London.I had the green tea soy ice-cream with lychee and my partner had the peanut ice-cream with Splenda and walnuts. I love that you can completely customise your ice-cream so you can have any flavour sugar-free and/or dairy-free.It has a really fresh, delicate taste, I wish I could have some right now. I wasn't that into Las Vegas but I would go back for more Ice Pan.
5	One of my favorite  places to enjoy homemade vegan ice cream.. Made before your eyes with lots of fresh toppings... I love creating mint chip with soy milk and walnuts topped with fresh raspberries .The owner and his wife both have the best personality. We are always greeted with a huge smile and high five.... A must for anyone looking for a delicious vegan dessert option in Las Vegas!
3	Definitely a cool concept, but in terms of the ice cream quality, it was definitely not the best tasting ice cream I have ever had. Located inside Harrah's next to Starbucks, it was not difficult to find. We came out of the parking structure, and it was a small walk and we arrived to Ice Pan. It may have been because I got 2% milk instead of whole milk, but I was not in love with the ice cream. But I got the green tea ice cream with mochi as the topping. There is only one size for the ice cream/sorbet. It runs about $6 and if you wanted a waffle cone or cup, it costs 75 cents more I believe. I think it costs like 50 cents extra per topping, so if you were to add multiple toppings, it can get expensive. The girl who was making our ice cream was nice and was definitely working hard. I would only come try this place out if you were nearby, but I would not make a special trip out of the way to get this dessert.
5	This is my favorite ice cream spot!! A bit of a hassle to get to but worth every bit. Ordered a green tea with soy milk plus cheesecake bites (I think a green tea cheesecake would taste like this) and a banana with soy. Guilt free indulgence. It's Teppanyaki ice cream!! They scrape, chop, stir, slap the mixture on a pan till it looks like ice cream. Wonderful customer service, the guy (owner?) behind the counter really cares about your ice cream experience ~
5	great nice people , great healthy ice cream!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
2	Thought it was impossible to make me hate ice cream but the idiot behind the counter sure did. Not impressed.
5	Purely excellent service. Now that is how you get loyal and regular customers who are committed to coming every single day they can. Easily one of the best services At any type of cafe/restaurant/etc. I honestly was simply amazed by the happiness and passion they had for an ice cream job LOL..seriously. An ice cream job they must seriously love their job. This is what brings crowdsNOW.THE PRICE. Was of course high being on the strip but the service doe. 6$ for something you could get for 1$ at a rite aid but this is entertainment, amazing service, and great and health ice cream. Is it worth the 6$? Well if you ask me yes. CMON! ITS VEGAS! A PLACE WHERE I DONT FIND LOTS OF GOOD SERVICE BUT. THIS. IS AWESOME!!!Now enough praise about the service FOOD- I got whole milk vanilla and strawberry..  Totaling to 13$ I was like whoa. But then you get the entertainment of making the ice cream ;3 very unique..it brought a huge crowd and the ice cream wasn't bad and it tasted healthy :3 especially the strawberry it's a sorbet..I'm gonna try green tea and see how it goes :)UPDATE* Absolutely delicious soy milk green tea RECOMMENDED. Tasted much better then vanilla and strawberry in my opinion. IF YOU GET GREEN TEA SOY MILK YOU MUST GET MOCHI TOPPINGS!! 100% recommendedTIP!!! LOCATION!! (PERTAINS TO YOU ONLY IF YOUR STAYING AT HARRAHS CARNIVAL TOWER)1. Head to carnival tower elevator (1-24 I think) 2. Click level 2 3. BAM!!! ICE PAN INFRONT OF YOUR VERY OWN EYES! NOT CRAVING ICE CREAM? PERHAPS A STARBUCKS INFRONT WILL HELP :33 very convenient as i thought I would have to walk with these sore feet across jarrahs to find ice pan.
3	On our last afternoon in town, my fiancee and I were in the mood for a sweet bite after doing a little bit of gambling and shopping. While you can probably find a Ben and Jerry's (or something similar) in numerous places around the Strip, we decided to come to Ice Pan to try something a bit different. Admittedly, part of the 'cool' factor of this place is how they make the ice cream - it resembles a slightly more violent version of whipping up scrambled eggs - but the ice cream itself is pretty good. I went with an Asian-inspired ice cream - red bean with mochi and strawberries - and came away pretty impressed. The red bean flavor was strong but not overpowering, and the mochi was mixed in well enough to give it an interesting texture.However, it's not as good as the straight-up standard ice cream you can get at a boutique shop. Another qualm is the minimum starting price and size; the small is going to set you back at least $5-6 (if you get literally nothing else in terms of toppings), and while you are paying for portion - the size comes out to around 4-5 smaller scoops - it's still quite a bit of ice cream to take down in one shot. The other problem is timing; there have to be more than 2 people working there, or else you simply get bogged down, as one person has to focus on making your ice cream, and that takes at least 3-5 minutes if they don't have to stop in-between to prepare other batches or take orders at the register. It's certainly unique, but the flavor is not so mind-blowingly good that I would wait another 15 minutes just to get served ice cream.Is it worth trying out once for the concept? Sure - and if there is no one else there, you may as well take the plunge - but otherwise, you may have to wait a while to satisfy your sweet tooth.
4	So freaking awesome!They literally make ice cream in front of your eyes! Pick your type of milk (whole, soy, etc.), what flavor, any toppings, and BAM! They pour the liquid on their super cold pan of theirs and work their magic.I got the green tea and added mochi in mine. They gave me a lot of mochi too! (I love mochi) It was awesome to watch my ice cream being made in front of me. Eating it was great too. Although, I felt like the ice cream was a little bit dense, so I got lightweight sick of it after my 5th bite. You might want to share your ice cream with a friend or two! Other than that, I thought this place was a fun experience! :) Definitely worth going for a try!
5	and 5 more stars and 5 more stars.  you will never understand if you don't try it.  THEY MAKE ICE CREAM FROM SCRATCH just for you.  You've never tasted ice cream this good!!  Go, GO!  This is a must.  Mint chocolate chip and oreo for the win!!
4	I love the idea of this place, especially since it strives to offer healthier dessert options and gives you a lot of choices. It's really hard to get used to the flavor though. Certain flavors taste better than others - i.e. strawberry tastes more like a sorbet. My taste buds are too accustomed to the creaminess of ice cream and can really tell the difference - so I have a hard time liking the flavor. People shouldn't call it ice cream because that would be misleading, it's more of an in between of the asian shaved ice that's only slightly creamy. I've tried the coffee, green tea, mint chip, and strawberry so far because I really wanted to like it - I'll give this place 4 stars instead of 3 because I want to support what they're doing and the flavors just might not be for me.
4	What sets Ice Pan apart from most typical ice cream places is that the ice cream is made right in front of you! It's not like Cold Stone, where they mash the ice cream together. Instead, they pour the liquid mixture of your ice cream over the Ice Pan, which eventually freezes the mixture over a span of 30 seconds. The person will add desired fruits or toppings onto the ice cream, continue to mix well until firm, and then scoop into a cup for you to enjoy!So how does it work at Ice Pan?1. Choose your flavor: strawberry, mango, banana, green tea, vanilla, chocolate, mint chocolate, kiwi, yogurt, coffee, lemon, pistachio, peanut butter2. Choose your milk base: whole, low-fat, non-fat, soy milk3. Choose your topping (extra cost): strawberry, banana, kiwi, blueberry, pineapple, mango, almond, oreo cookies, reese's cups, mochi, lychee, etcMy bf and I ordered the mint chocolate chip ice cream with whole milk and Oreo topping along with Peanut butter ice cream with whole milk and Reese's topping. This place does not use refined sugar and the ice cream is creamy and does not have that extra sugary taste, which I liked! Overall, it was a very healthy treat.My only gripe about this place is that the smallest size costs about $5-6. That's pretty steep in my opinion. However, when one is traveling in Vegas - it's okay to splurge once in awhile for some good healthy ice cream. =)
1	Got the soy mint chocolate chip. Couldn't taste the mint. Overpriced. Slimy. Tiny portions. Lacks finesse. Would NOT recommend. Disappointed.
5	Wow. So basically, my parents we're suppose to drop me off at home after my softball tournament. But then all the sudden, they wanted to go to Vegas! And as stubborn and irritated as I am, I complained to go home. But then I remembered why not try ice pan? Would I sacrifice 8 hours on the road in 90-100 degree weather? Was it worth it? Surprisingly, I was convince by all the positive comments and said why not?! So here I am at ice pan, and is just wanted to cry. Watching them make my ice cream. It was just honestly beautiful. The woman (which I think is one of the owners) was nice and welcoming. She have suggestions to which toppings were great to add. If you say you want one that she doesn't recommend, she'll give you a face. And that I found incredibly funny. :) But she says trust her. And my and my mom did! So I knew what I want, but she helped out my mom. I got a soy green tea with mochi and cheesecake. It's crazy how much I was smiling. Prices are definitely worth it if you are concerned with what you eat and want to let go the sweet tooth.The way they make their ice cream is insanely aggressive and quite a show to watch. There's so much love involved.I recommend this place 123840472%! It's amazing and definitely worth a trip here! Please try it, you won't regret it. I can promise you that!! :)
5	The staff is awesome! Ice cream is great, not what I expected but still very good.
2	The place is overpriced and the taste is underpriced. If your in Vegas and are constipated this is the right place for you!
5	Such a interesting and different way to make ice cream! It's a healthier alternitive to ice cream. They make it right infront of you and the ingredients freeze on the "ice pan" as they mix the flavors and toppings you chose together. I ordered green tea with soy milk with blueberries, almonds and mochi. My friend got green tea with soy milk with blueberries, lychee and mochi. And my other friend got red bean with soy milk with oreos, lychee and mochi. It was sooooo good that we went back literally 10 minutes after killing our first ones and got another one to share......I heard there used to be a location in Hollywood, but they closed down!!! Sighhhhhh so sad ... I would have gone probably every day if that location was still open. Oh well.
5	We stopped here several times during our trip.  As most of us have seen before, they prepare the ice cream in front of you.  I had the pistachio and discovered afterwards that they used milk and didn't add sugar.  I loved our stops here, but often times the line was too long.  I highly recommend.
5	Ice Pan is located in Harrah's on the strip; go all the way to the back and up the escalators and it'll be on your left. As of May 2014, they only accept cash but it's not too expensive.Ice Pan offers made-to-order ice cream using a base mixed with your choice of soy, nonfat, lowfat, or whole milk and is flavored using real ingredients, no artificial flavorings. Once the mix is blended, it is dumped on a super cold and freezing ice pan, scraped, and slapped against the pan to incorporate air until it is the texture of ice cream. Soy green tea with mochi mix -in - The matcha flavor was deep and the texture was just like ice cream, soft but yet firm and melted in your mouth, but doesn't melt as quickly as froyo. It's not too sweet at all - just lightly sweetened - and no heavy sugar coating on the tongue after it's finished.Red bean whole milk with mochi and caramel drizzle - the flavor really shined! I find that the red bean flavor often gets lost in a lot of frozen desserts, but you could definitely taste it in Ice Pan's ice cream.There was no artificial aftertaste and both options of milk yielded a creamy texture. I think nonfat would yield a creamy texture too - I'll have to try that next time.You have the option of adding chocolate of caramel syrup or of course for extra $, additional toppings or whipped cream. I didn't add anything else since the mochi itself would make this dessert sweeter and heavier mind you. The staff was great and knowledgeable; the older man who I think is the owner is very passionate about his product and you can see how enthusiastic he is to make it for you. I really think the positively surprised look on people's faces makes his day.
1	SERIOUSLY NEVER BEEN MORE SICK!!!-Do you love eating sweet treats that make you feel like you have the stomach flu? -Do you love getting stomach flu symptoms a mere 20 minutes after consumption of said treat only 5 hours into your Vegas vacation?-Do you also want said symptoms to mess you up for 2 days?!?! This is the place for you!You will pay a pretty penny for this "treat" but you will pay WAY MORE for all of the travel sized peptobismol you have to purchase from your Vegas hotel to nurse your insides back to health. NEVER EAT THIS!!! SERIOUSLY I HAVE NEVER BEEN MORE SICK!!
4	Interesting flavors.... That's all I can come up with. They do the whole dance and song thing but yet I didn't find the wow factor. I still give it 4 stars for a fine show, true sorbet flavors, quantity, great service and prices. I chose the banana sorbet flavor and strawberry as a topping. I like the sorbets so I really appreciate that this was a true sorbet. The whole show of mixing this on a cold cold cold metal sheet was interesting, but hey we are in Vegas so we need the show!Overall I would be back to try the regular ice cream flavors.
5	Best ice cream in town!  You pick your flavor, they make it fresh in front of your eyes!  located right in front of the Diamond Lounge on the 2nd floor.  I highly recommend it!
5	There is something magical about ice cream.  It fills me with a euphoria like no other and takes me one step closer to heaven with every spoonful!  The ice cream at Ice Pan has to be one of the best ice creams I've ever had in my life, and just when I thought I couldn't enjoy ice cream any more than I already do, Ice Pan took my love for ice cream to a whole new level.I've been to many ice creameries but none compare to Ice Pan.  Most popular ice cream shops now days gain popularity because of their unique, ingenious, and slightly wacky gourmet flavor choices.  Now don't get me wrong.  These type of ice creams blow me away every time and keep me coming back for more.  However, when an ice cream shop has plain and simple flavors (such as vanilla and chocolate) and STILL manages to drive my tastebuds wild, I know I've hit the jackpot!  So if it's not the crazy combinations of ingredients, what makes Ice Pan so incredible?  It's the whole experience, and of course, the finished product.  You first choose your base flavor from simple options like vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, green tea, yogurt, variety of sorbet, etc.  Then, you choose the type of milk you want your previously chosen flavor to be mixed into (whole milk, low fat milk, fat free milk, or soy milk).  They blend your mix and pour it onto the chilled pan, instantly freezing your milky concoction into the beginnings of the most amazing ice cream you'll ever have.  Using two metal spatulas, they spread, massage, fold, and beat your ice cream with fancy showmanship similar to the show put on by teppanyaki restaurants.  You tell them what you want mixed in, like fresh fruits, candies nuts, nuts, mochi, etc. and watch them dice and fold your selection into the ice cream on the chilled pan.  Choose as many as you want, go wild, it's up to you!My recommendations are (in no particular order)...-green tea ice cream, low fat milk, mochi, chocolate chips-yogurt ice cream, no fat milk, strawberries, mochi-vanilla ice cream, whole milk, mnm's, oreosThis place was so good that we wanted to go again right after finishing our first bowl of ice cream to get another.  The only thing that stopped us was that it was closed.  So what did we do?  We went the next morning of course!  Give this place a try, and you'll be hooked!
5	Tried the watermelon seasonal ice cream and the vanilla peanut butter. Both were yummy!!!! The guy making the ice cream was hilarious! Most ice cream before toppings are only 150-190 calories! Would come back again.
5	I got some strawberry sorbet from here a couple nights ago and now I can't stop thinking about it! Wish I could fly back to get more! The owner is so friendly too. Great service!!
4	First of all, it's expensive for ice cream.  But you're paying for the freshness and the experience of watching the process, which is pretty cool.  You get to choose the flavor and what kind of milk you want in it, as well as toppings.We tried the green tea, which was good, but probably didn't justify the $8 price with tip.  The worker actually messed up our first batch, flipping a large chunk off the actual ice pan onto the counter, so she whipped up another and gave us both.I would definitely go again, but I would go knowing that it's more about the novelty and experience than the actual ice cream.  Maybe other flavors have more of a wow factor.  It's worth checking out if you want some ice cream.
4	A pretty interesting concept -- fresh, handmade ice cream right before your eyes! STEPS TO MAKING YOUR ICE CREAM:1.) Choose your ice cream base flavor.2.) Choose your dairy (whole, low-fat, non-fat, or soy milk). 3.) Choose your mix-in/toppings. I was on the escalator on my way to the monorail when I noticed this little ice cream spot and saw the staff pounding ice cream on a metal pan. After 15 minutes of contemplating if I had any more roomin my stomach after a big lunch (who am I kidding?! There's always room for ice cream!) my boyfriend and I decided to try the soy milk watermelon ice cream with mangos and raspberries. Sounds weird I know, but it actually tasted pretty good and seemed much healthier then regular ice cream. Not to mention there's always something always intriguing about seeing food being made fresh before your eyes.
5	Green tea + cheesecake + mochi = heaven for this girl.The lady that made me my treat made the experience that much better. I could not believe how creamy it was.
2	Was gonna give it a 3 stars but it is simply way overprice for ice cream. Ice Pan brings a unique twist to making ice cream which involves the Liquid nitrogen but they first grind up the ingredient that you ask for(I.e. if you get pistachio they grind up the pistachio and then pour in nitrogen). After that, they put into an ICE PAN, and then literally smack it a lot of times and cut it in half. The cool thing is that for the mango ice cream that I had which we got pineapple topping with, they chopped up all the pineapple in the process with the ice cream making and it goes well together. I don't really know how to describe it.. hahaRegardless, I think the texture to it is not something I'm too used to but i thought it tasted okay. I say if you haven't tried it, you can go try it once because it's pretty cool to see how they make it BUT I simply would not pay almost 8 dollars for ice cream. That's ridiculous.
5	Ice pan is a must! We first discovered this amazing ice cream in L.A.and were completely saddened when they closed :/ Lucky for us we rediscovered them when they moved to Harrah's hotel in Las Vegas. This is the BEST ice cream on the planet!!! It's made fresh in front of you on these awesome ice pans. Coldstone who? Forget that generic, heavy and over priced stuff and come out for the real deal. Make sure and tip these guys well, as their customer service is always above par. If you're fortunate to meet the owners make sure and give them a high five and thank them for showing you what real ice cream should taste like. We love you ice pan!!!
5	Loved their ice cream! I've only been here once and it was delicious.  It's fun to see how they make their ice cream and for the most part the people working here are all nice and personable. Two friends and I went. I got chocolate ice cream with low fat milk and bananas and the guy also gave me free chocolate chips with it so that was great.  It tasted great. I could taste the chocolate and banana well. One friend got green tea, low fat milk, lychee, and mochi... it was soooo good. Much better than the chocolate. My other friend got coffee flavored with fat free milk and hers was delicious too. I've got to say the best one was the green tea.  Will definitely come back here.
5	I love this place!!! The ice cream is so refreshing and filling. It's seriously the best ice cream I have ever had. I had the vanilla, with nonfat milk, strawberries and bananas mixed in, and blueberries on top. It was all in a homemade waffle cone with chocolate syrup on top! It was to die for! The customer service was 5 stars too!! Angela was the one who made my ice cream and she was so nice! She joked around with us and really made us smile. You could tell she took her job seriously. This place oozes with professionalism.  Everyone was courteous and they even gave us a water on the house! Come here!!! You will not be disappointed!
3	Since everything in Vegas comes with a show, this little ice cream joint definitely doesn't disappoint in that department. Tucked away on the 2nd floor of Harrah's, it might be a bit hard to find with all the renovation going on, but we just asked around until someone directed us to it. The concept itself is quite unique compared to the other ice cream/gelato/froyo places along the strip. First, you choose your ice cream flavor. Then you choose what type of dairy you want mixed in (whole, low fat, non fat, soy milk, or no milk for sorbets) and finally choose your mix-in + toppings. At $5.95 + extra for the toppings, it is a bit steep for 4 little scoops of ice cream, but I suppose you're paying more for the show since you get to see them pour, chop, and slap your ice cream into shape on the anti griddle. The owner is very enthusiastic and engaging with all of the customers, but the wait itself was very very long. Even with only 2 people in front of us, we waited over 20mins for our ice cream.. And they even mixed up the toppings, but we didn't bother asking them to change it since that would've taken even longer. As for the ice cream, the consistency seemed a bit off with more like a taffy texture, and not as creamy or flavorful as I was hoping it would be. This place is good to entertain kids, but if you're looking for some quick, creamy ice cream, I'd say go elsewhere.
3	Ice Pan is an interesting take on an already saturated chilled dessert market. The iced cream is made right in front of you with subtle variations on your classic flavors. This establishment is indeed somewhat pricey, but if you compare it to every other place on the strip, it is a perfectly acceptable amount to pay for a dessert.The taste is nothing phenomenal, but they way they prepare it kinda is. the ice cream is made right in front of you as they turn milk and fruit into customized ice cream. The cream is poured onto this chilled pan / wok and freezes almost instantly. The ice cream masters then proceed to stir, scrape, slap, and slice the ice cream using knife-like spatulas with such speed and precision that you'd think you were watching a Benihana chef in action. Seriously, if they brought a knife to a gun fight, they would still have a chance at coming out on top.As for eating the ice cream, the taste was a little light, which is kinda nice after a heavy Las Vegas meal, but deep down, I was kinda hoping for a little more umph from the flavor. Depending on who you get to prepare it, the consistency can be super creamy or hard and dense. If you get a more senior preparer, the cream comes out very smooth and can be almost gelato-like. If your preparer is the young one who has yet to master the tricks of the trade, the cream may be left on the ice pan a bit too long and freeze a little harder than it probably should.With both ups and downs to this eatery, I think the Yelp rating system hit this one right on the mark, it is A-OK.
5	So good customer service *inserts DOGE face*...But seriously, Mr Ice Pan man is awesomely entertaining and knows how to run a business rightIce pan's ice cream is all natural and has NO sugar.  The dessert is sweetened by the natural ingredients so don't expect a sugar rush or complain that it isn't sweet enough.  If you want extra sweeteners, you can ask for caramel/chocolate sauce on top and still feel good about the 5 meals you had that dayBottom Line: Delicious, Creamy, Fresh & Fruity, and mildly sweet
5	The family that works there has probably the best customer service, very hospitable and the ice cream is fresh! From liquid to ice cream goodness. Had the vanilla with whole mile and oreos, gf had mint chocolate chips and the lady who worked there was even nice to sprinkle some oreos on the top. The place is in the 2nd story at harrah.
5	FRESH MADE ICE CREAM!!!Service was nice. Price is kind of expensive for the portion size. Ton of toppings you can add to your ice cream. Located on the second floor of Harrahs.Awesome concept on making Ice Cream. Pick your flavor and milk type and a dispenser pours out a liquid mix. The pour it on a freezer sheet and hand toss the mix until it becomes ice cream. Looked like a workout per order!Soy Milk Pistachio - $5.95 - Milk mix is combined with a ton of pistachios and crushed and tossed. The ice cream was super creamy and a good sweetness level. The pistachios add a good bite and texture. Waffle Cone - $.75 - Really nice handmade waffle cone. Was thin but strong, it did not fall apart while I ate the ice cream. Overall, one of the freshest and tastiest ice creams I have ever had.
5	Omg so fresh and so goodStrawberry base with raspberry mix in and low fat milk was super rich and creamy still, the fruit flavors were so refreshing on a hot dayGreen tea base with with sit milk and lychee mix in was the perfect consistency, a touch flavor without leaving a fatty layer on your tongue! The mochi was super soft and yummy as wellIce pan is at least on my top 5 for best ice cream ever!
4	A little late (!) review, as I went in January this year! But backtracking on some places I haven't reviewed that I went to while in The Vegas. I found this little ditty by looking up cool vegan spots in town. I can't remember exactly what I had, but I remember really enjoying it, as did my girlfriend. The service and the way the put everything together is also fun. Worth a visit!
5	**Ice Pan is unique because they pour freshly blended flavored soy milk onto the anti-griddle and the ice cream is created right before your eyes. A scoop with one topping with run around $6**This place is a total trip. I love this place. I don't know why? Call me a sucker, but I love the showmanship. As stated in my summary, you pick a flavor to add to your pick of milk (they even have soy milk for the lactose intolerant) and they blend the flavor right in front of you, like a milkshake! I think it's so cool. One time I got pistachios and they put a cupful into the blender and came out with pistachio milk! Obviously, your ice cream is very fresh. Next the put it on an anti-griddle, the griddle-looking thing that freezes liquid. They slap and chop at it to remove air and make it into ice cream. If you want a topping, they will cut it into the ice cream for you. My favorite was the green tea made with soy milk and mochi bits mixed in. Yum! The end product is good, not great, I've had better. But the experience is cool. And what you see is what you get, there's no preservatives or added sugar.
2	I've been meaning to try this place out for quite some time and finally made the effort to head over to Harrah's. Ice Pan is located not too far from the parking garage entrance when you are heading towards the casino. Directly next to the Starbucks.You get to choose what flavor, type of milk and toppings you want in your creation. They mix/blend your cream together then it's poured on this.. well pan hah. (Think crepe pan but very very cold!) Then they start going at it and before you know it, with a little bit of wizardry, you get ice.. cream?I got green tea with soy milk and mochi on top. Now I enjoyed the making of the concoction but not so much the texture and taste of it. I wasn't too sure what to call it either. Is it ice cream?? The consistency was a little strange for me and the taste wasn't all there either. But to each their own, if you've never seen anything like this before, it can't hurt to give it a go!
5	One of the most unique spots I've run into in Vegas in a long time. You would never think that such a spot exists in Harrah's.The product is great. No preservatives or added sugar unless you choose to add candy or cheesecake. The combinations are endless from what flavor, milk, and toppings you choose. The banana flavor with soy milk is my favorite. What makes this spot so unique is the performance that comes with every order. The owner and his staff are all so animated and welcoming. I can't imagine anyone leaving ice pan with anything but a smile on their face unless you're extremely critical and just upset with the world...in that case...nothing can please you.
5	Ice Pan can be a bit hard to find; located up on the 2nd floor of the Harrah's but ask someone that works there and they will be able to direct you.  Came here during my last Vegas trip and after reading some reviews, just had to try it.Got there around 10ish and there were a couple people waiting for their ice cream to be made. (NOT SCOOPED, I REALLY MEAN MADE)  Eventually ordered the green tea ice cream with mochi.  The cashier seemed to be the owner of the place.  A very nice and cordial Korean man wants the customer to know the benefits and the differences of Ice Pan and almost every other ice cream shop in the nation.  He mentioned that every was all natural.  He even showed me the powder they used to make my green tea ice cream (matcha powder).  He then opened one of the brochures for me to look over while I waited for my ice cream.  After placing my order, one of the 2 ice cream makers started making my ice cream.  They first mixed the powder with the milk and then added it to the anti-griddle.  Adding in a few bits of mochi and then they started mixing.  The cold structure made the liquid turn into the ice cream quickly and the person would start mixing it all around until it became the right consistency.  Ended up with three medium sized scoops with more mochi added on top.Taking my first bite, the taste of the green tea was very apparent and the consistency was perfect.  It wasn't over-churned (or hand-mixed in this cased) and the mochi was a great accompaniment.Watching the mixers make the ice cream was a bit drawing point to me.  It felt like everything was fresh and you actually knew what was going into it.I would definitely come back.  I really hope I do not come when it is busy because it took quite a bit of time to make the ice cream so i can just imagine how long it would take to get one if there are others in front of me.
5	Yelp did not fail me once again. I am so ecstatic to have come across this little gem. Hidden in the Harrahs casino, this place is great if you're looking for a quick and healthy dessert. Everything is all-natural, no added sweeteners and made right on the spot. Upon arrival, the owner greeted us and asked if it was our first time. He was adorably enthusiastic and couldn't stop high-fiving us while he described the whole process. It's three parts: 1) base flavor (chocolate/peanut butter/sorbet/etc) 2) dairy option (whole/non-fat/soy milk) and 3) toppings or mix-ins. He then proceeded to show us examples of the matcha green tea and the cocoa powder used in the ice creams. It all smelled wonderful.I chose green tea ice cream with non fat milk mixed with Oreo. The lady was very sweet and asked if I liked mochi, I said yes and she added some to my cup. My friend chose chocolate ice cream with non fat milk mixed with half a banana and topped off with strawberries and chocolate syrup. Both were delicious and reasonably priced (~$7 each), which sounds wonderfully cheap compared to the $8 I was swindled out of at Jamba Juice. We couldn't believe they were nonfat. They were just as creamy and just as sweet as any other ice cream you would fine, but without all the bad stuff. The owner insisted we try it in front of him and if we truly did not like it, he would make us something else. Needless to say, he did not need to make us another because we left with happy bellies :)
5	Amazing ice cream! Very very fresh and they're so informative on how healthy it is and how they make it. The owner is adorable and so sweet! She gave a discount to one of her returning customers in front of us! She also gave me extra mochi without charging for the extra. They even ask how you like the texture and if you want more toppings in it as they make it. I got coffee, soy milk, Oreos, and mochi! Super yummy and only $7.This is not the same ice pan in Korea, the Korea ones actually copied the Vegas one and also even took their video.As I was sitting down with my girlfriends, she came over and told us that Vegas water is super expensive and gave us complimentary waters and even brought us napkins! Sooooooo extremely sweet and amazing service. Left with a very happy tummy :)
5	Ice cream is natural and made fresh to eat. The owner was super nice. She recognized that we have never tried ice pan before so she explained to us how the process goes. I got the banana ice cream with non fat, oreos, and strawberries. It was perrrrfect. Not overly sweet or bland. Def recommend!!
5	Being new to vegas has its perks. I get discover vegas slowly and I'm so glad I found this place! Whenever I come here with my friends, we're always greeted and treated nicely by the owner. The owner is very quirky, fun and generous! I have to say watermelon and strawberry are my favorite flavors!!! I get both with whole milk, strawberries, blueberries, mangoes and lychees. So freaking delicious!
4	Enthusiasm. This was my first impression here. The guy who runs this place (I'm assuming anyway) was up front. He saw me looking over the menu along with what they do and reeled me in shortly after. The most enthusiastic sales pitch ever. Go there and you'll see what I mean. I was happy to hear such a glorious pitch because from my reading of their ingredients and process alone, my interest was piqued.You pick your dairy (various degrees of milk and even soy milk are available), your flavor, your topping, pay, and the process begins. It's totally made from scratch. No extraneous ingredients. I ordered pistachio flavored soy milk with walnuts. Here's what happened:1. The guy pours soy milk on the cold ICE PAN. Get it?!2. It freezes almost instantly while he throws in some pistachios.3. He has two metal tools that help him scrape, reshape, and smash the soy milk mixture.4. The pistachios are crushed and mixed in thoroughly.5. The bunch of soy milk is repeatedly scraped off the ice pan and essentially slapped back on repeatedly. Violence ensues.6. After some time, walnuts are smashed in but not as thoroughly as the pistachios.7. It's all scooped into my cup.8. The owner insists I try it. If I don't like it, he'll make me another one.9. I try it.10. I like it.Obviously, I made mine healthy. It was delicious, though! The taste of pistachio remained properly prominent. The texture was overall soft. This surprised me because if I made soy milk ice cream at home, I'm guaranteed to get an icy product. It wasn't too sweet. Probably sugar was retained only from what came in the soy milk. This is a cool creation.At this point, I'd say it's 5 stars. But one thing is in the way - price. It's a bit expensive. I think it ended up being around $8. It's a lot for being so small. I know, I know, it's fresh and labor intensive. Still, as a consumer I'm going to see it as a little steep.Anyway, I think this is a great place and definitely worth a try. You get a show equivalent to a hibachi grill plus the tasty, healthy frozen goodness that follows. Great concept and execution. I'd be back more often if it wasn't for the location and price.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!The workers and especially the Korean store owners are so animated and funny and just the best! They're really friendly and applause you or high-fives you (at least for every time I've ever went). He also gave me and my friend free water bottles. Other than it's amazing service, they also have reallllllly good ice cream. It isn't your everyday ice cream because its a healthier choice and there's a variety of flavors, topings, milk choices (lol) and all that. You can also watch them make your ice cream from scratch. It's literally the coolest thing in terms of watching your ice cream being made on a "iced pan"!This is a hole-in-the-wall type of place because it's not near the shopping areas but you'll find it on the second floor of harrah's. It's a little pricey but it is definitely worth the cost and visit. Bottom line, I LOVE ICE PAN!
4	This was really delicious! While the price might be a bit ridiculous if you get a topping mixed in and a waffle cone to boot (probably about 8$ with tax), it was very good to say the least. It was also bizarrely entertaining to watch the woman slap and slam the ice cream on the metal surface she was working on. It was nice to be able to make a choice of which type of milk to use. I thought the reduced fat milk worked really well. I did not feel overly full at all after eating it like I do sometimes after ice cream. The biggest problem here is the amount of time it takes to have your ice cream made. It may take somewhere in the neighborhood of five minutes. So the person I was with (who eats a bit on the faster side) was almost done by the time mine was ready. I am not sure how well this concept would work if there were 4-5 people in a group wanting this product and only one person was working as was the case for us. The idea and concept are solid but not sure the model is.
5	We stayed at the Harrah's during Thanksgiving weekend.  I saw a sign for green grape ice cream and I had to try it.  Just walking past the place, I thought it was like a cold stone.  To my surprise it definitely was not!  What  a cool concept of making the ice cream when you order it.  Choose the type of milk and all the toppings.  There was only 1 person working when we got there, but the wait is totally worth it, in my opinion.  I wish there was a location by me.
5	We ordered a pomegranate ice cream with low fat milk infused with blueberries and mango on top. The cashier was a sweet lady who was describing the whole process of how the ice cream was made.It was really neat to watch them make it out of scratch in their -35 degree ice pan thing. (Hence the name). Absolutely delicious! I would definitely come back here again to try other flavors. They should expand to LA if they haven't already! Thank you!!!
5	I really enjoyed Ice Pan. A friend recommended it on a trip to Vegas. This is the 2nd place I've been that makes authentically "fresh' ice cream in front of you. You get a variety of fresh fruit options and milk options to choose from. My friend and I shared a watermelon flavored ice pan ice cream with strawberries mixed in. We watched the guy make our ice cream in front of us. As he pounded away and mixed on his flat ice pan, the ice cream slowly came together. WATERMELON FLAVOR was a GREAT choice! It wasn't too sweet and it tasted light. The strawberries mixed in was a good choice. My other friends got strawberry ice pan. It was still good, but a little sweeter, so I preferred the watermelon flavor. The prices here are pretty standard and reasonable for fresh innovative ice cream. Overall, I'd love to go back here when I'm back in Vegas. The location though isn't the most convenient as it's a little hard to find and tucked somewhere in Harrah's casino. I definitely recommend trying this place if you want a unique and tasty "fresh" ice cream experience.
5	Really tastey and novel idea; takes about 2 minutes to make and is actually a fairly large serving, much larger then it looks in the pan. We had the strawberry with cheesecake and the peanut butter with cheesecake; both were very tastey.
5	Yummy! It's set up like cold stone, but the flavors are fruiter, better and healthier. The staff and owner are super friendly with our whole family. It's obvious they love their customers and they love what they do. I was very impressed with cleanliness, service and flavor! We'll be back for the recommended Pomegranate.
5	Ice Pan used to be in LA on La Brea before. They disappeared one day and I was so sad. So when I found out that they had moved to Vegas, I was elated!! One more reason to go to Vegas more often now haha It was a bit hard to find because I didn't know at which hotel it was located at. Just tried to look for it with the address. It was somewhere between Linq and Harrah's... more Harrah's.. there was a entrance to the pool sign right across from Ice Pan.I had green grape with 2% milk, pineapple and berries mixed in. Holy.. it was as good as I remember. So so good. I hope more people find out about Ice Pan. The idea is good, the taste is amazing, AND it's also fun to look at when they're making it right in front your eyes.
5	As you know there are many ice cream shops, but this one is by far the best! Natural ingredients and you watch them make it. the owner was extremely helpful and just a wonderful experience!  loved the combinations of flavors!
5	The ice cream is delicious, they make it right in front of you... And it takes a lot of effort! "No chemical, no color, all natural, good for you!!". A must-visit in Vegas.
5	This place is interesting 'cause it lets you customize your ice cream to your liking. The owner's wife is the cutest and most friendliest person I've ever met! She made me my vanilla ice cream with soy, m&m's & oreo and it was AMAZING! My boyfriend got the coconut ice cream and she hooked him up with extra free toppings. She even was nice enough to give us free bottled waters. I would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas :)
