1	Do not get your oil changed at this walmart or any walmart. We got a oil change and they dented our oil pan and now it leaks and they are not taking responsibility for the damages they caused. I have only had my oil changed for the last year here and they are trying to put it off on someone else, when no one else has clearly done our oil. The insurance for walmart wont even look at my vehicle and had already decided they are not at fault. I had a 3rd party appraiser look at it and they can only determine it was from an oil change. I have no other option but to take this to a lawyer.
4	Eh. Generally I loathe Walmart. The stores  are a labrinth of high shelving forcing you wander for an hour looking for the 5 items on your reasonable list. With a few notable exceptions the employees are generally underpaid and cranky. There are never enough registers open and you can't trust the meat. Unfortunately there are times one must simply suck it up and head to Walmart. That's when I head to the Buckeye store. The store is cleaner, more organized, and better stocked than most Walmart stores. Being out of town, it's a little less crowded. I'm more likely to find an employee with a kind word or a smile here. This is not a 4 star shopping experience, but a 4 star Walmart experience.
4	There's 2 other Walmarts nearby and comparatively speaking, this one is better stocked and maintained than the ones off of Dysart and Pebble Creek, IMO.  I went to both those locations b'c I was in the area for my frozen okra and they didn't have it.  I didn't get to have my okra fix until two weeks later when I went to the Watson location.  Just sayin', a girl's gotta have her okra.
4	Pretty much the largest Wal-Mart I've ever visited and quite well stocked, as well.  Generally not one to visit Buckeye this location is extremely convenient when taking the I-10 home from Los Angeles and as such saves me from having to stop elsewhere from groceries on my way back home from vacation.  Same low prices as other Wal-Marts and well maintained plus the added benefit of multiple self check-outs, my only gripe is the lack of manned checkouts aside from the 20-items or less lanes - relatively speaking there should never be a line of 8 guests waiting for one of two checkout lanes at 2pm - not here, not anywhere....just open a few more lanes, and if necessary hire a few more people.
2	While the prices are good, the quality of this store has slipped drastically over the past 6 months.  The shelves are poorly stocked each time I visit the store.  They rarely have a sufficient number of checkouts open to handle the traffic.  I think management has had a turnover for the worst.
3	it's a Gualmart!  Nothin but a whole bunch of crap layin around.
3	I am really not familiar with this location I have been here a few times though. This Wal-Mart has everything other Wal-Mart's have. That includes the lines and the same old never having enough separators to separate your groceries from the person behind you or in front of you. I find it rude to take that separator away from the person in front of you to let someone start putting their stuff on the belt. It bothers me when the cashier starts scanning my items with the person in front of me. And again the process starts all over again with the person behind me.  WALMART PROVIDE MORE STICKS TO SEPERATE GROCERIES IN BETWEEN CUSTOMERS!!!  Just saying.
3	Was alright, they seem to be a little low on employees at times. This is where my wife and I go for most things, it has been clean for the most part, the bathrooms are alright. The worse part is the paint counter, my wife has sat there for 45 minutes before being helped because they don't have someone working it, they have someone go there only when someone else sees a frustrated customer and then goes and gets someone from somewhere else, many employees will just walk by and not offer assistance. I have found a way around this, I just when I first get to the paint counter I call the store and have them send someone.
1	I can't go into this store without being mad. There is never enough check out stands open, You would think that there would be as this is one of two main grocery stores in Buckeye, In addition to that they are always out of things. Don't they have merchandizing people who make sure they order enough stock?I went to get paint the other day, I had to wait 15 minutes, then I finally got some help and he didn't know what he was doing. I called them on the phone looking for an item that it showed in stock. I held in the department for over 20 minutes. Then I asked to be transferred to Customer Service. I held there for over 30. I hung up. Got online to file a complaint. They have been spamming my phone with calls since. Why would I want to talk to them. So they can waste more time. I think not. I have been back to the store since and nothing has changed so anything that they had wanted to say to me would have been lies and a waste of my time.
2	It's a Walmart not unlike any other I have been to across this great country. It isn't terribly messy as others have been. The staff, though not more knowledgeable than at other stores, are a bit nicer.
1	Easily one of the worst Walmarts ever! Horrible rude customer service! I have had to go back several different times for mistakes that they have made too. Whether they've messed up an oil change causing leaks, double charged me on groceries because a computer glitch charged my card twice and they did not want to refund the extra 160.00 right away until I raised hell about it because I could not afford it, to cashiers not wanting to honor a .50 coupon on any pampers wipes because the cash register didn't acknowledge it. A manager finally told the cashier to honor the .50 off anyway because the cash register messed up; or having to go back because the cashier told me I had all my groceries when, "oops" I went home and discovered I didn't and had to go back. One cashier even recommended I shop at Fry's if I wanted better discounts. I'm tired of getting burned at Walmart. I now love, love, love shopping at Fry's!
