5	I have been seeing Dr. Nelson at Desert Ridge FP for more than 2 years now. Their offices are so high tech and the staff is so nice. I adore LaCosta, Dr. Nelson's nurse. She is so friendly, and draws blood painlessly :) They instantly send your prescription to the pharmacy, so it's ready and waiting. All of the Doctors and nurses are so knowledgeable and I trust them completely. If you are looking for a new doctor, I highly recommend them.
5	I completely agree with all of the above poster.  i would not switch from Dr. Nelson.  She takes time with each patient and has never made me feel rushed. LaCosta is an excellent member of their team and Diane (receptionist) is very professional!!
1	This is not a review - It is a WARNING.  Do not let your children suffer like ours has.Despite my daughter writhing in pain for three days, Dr. Naranjo refused to change the treatment plan or explain why she wanted us to continue down a path that did not work. I hold her and her staff personally responsible for two trips to the ER that could have been avoided with the right medication.The only reason the get 1 star is because Yelp won't allow a review with any less.DO YOUR HOMEWORK!  INVESTIGATE YOUR HEALTH CARE CHOICES!
5	My children and I have been going to Desert Ridge Family Physicians since they opened - maybe 6 years or so.  My youngest has went here since birth.  I feel like they get MUCH better care than the revolving door pediatric offices I've been to.  I felt compelled to write a review after noticing the poor review here when I was looking up the office phone number.This practice is leaps and bounds ahead of other physician practices in terms of quality of patient care, ease of making appointments, the online patient portal, follow up, in office diagnostics (simple tests all done here... no outside lab necessary unless results inconclusive), and appointment wait time.  Over the years we have been afflicted with some very strange illnesses - some of which were pretty frightening.  Up until I started coming here, I didn't have great experiences with other primary care docs in terms of accuracy in diagnosing illnesses and frankly have been shocked at how knowledgeable these docs are.Ok, so I thought about all of the PROs coming to DRFP:1.  Same day/next day appointments ALWAYS.  Always get the care when you need it.... not 3 weeks later.2.  Patient portal and overall technology in the office3.  FAST ePrescribing to my pharmacy.  Last rX I needed was transmitted electronically and Walgreens had it ready and waiting when I was leaving my appointment (checked email on my phone) so I picked it up on my way home without having to go back and forth.4.  Great follow up care (calling to see how you're feeling, etc.), and doctors spend the necessary time with you to really understand the problem and offer options.  They do NOT rush you through appointments - which is so rare these days.5.  They don't overprescribe antibiotics for viral infections (which most other docs still will just because patients don't want to walk out empty handed) !!  So, if you're a antibiotic junkie, probably don't bother going here.6.  Great location by Desert Ridge, very clean office.7.  They can do all kinds of tests in the office... cholesterol, urinalysis, blood tests, etc... that many times you would have to visit a lab separately.8.  I've always found that they take the most "holistic" path to healing, again, as opposed to overprescribing.  Getting to the root of the problem.9.  The rare 1-2 times I've had to call after hours, I got a return call almost immediately.10. Online patient portal to request refills, appointments, email the doc, etc.In all the years I've been coming here, I have nothing but good things to say about the docs, the medical assistants, and the entire staff.  I only wish every physician practice was run as professionally and efficiently as this one.
5	I have been going to Dr. Luba since the practice opened, she's great!  I love the fact that you can always get in the same day or next day.
1	I have had the worst experience with this Physician office and their staff. I have called on many different occassions on questions for my doctor or help and I was passed on to Dr. LeMasters "assistant" I left messages on her voicemail and my calls are NEVER returned. I am extremely upset with the lack of service I have recieved from this office and their staff. I work in a Medical Practice and go above and beyond for our patients and expect the same when it comes to my healthcare. I will be looking else where for a physician office that is reliable and I can trust in helping me with my healthcare needs. This office does not focus on patients needs and will be a complete upset. I do not recommend this office to anyone.
4	I love their scheduling practice-- you can make same-day appointments or an appointment the day before, so you can virtually always get in when you need it. The front desk ladies are incredibly friendly and always welcoming, and I adore my doctor. The office is clean, open, and much larger than you'd expect. I definitely recommend this place.
5	I have finally found my primary care office -- no matter where I live in Phoenix I will absolutely be a patient of Desert Ridge Family Physicians. This medical practice is unique: appointments are scheduled 24-48 hours in advance (So if you want to see the doctor on Wednesday you call on Monday). They ONLY schedule appointments 1-2 days out. At first I thought this was weird but it's actually genius: when you schedule an appointment you are usually experiencing a health issue at the immediate time,i.e. bad flu, nonstop migraines, whatever your ailment is. And to have to wait week(s) to get in to see your doctor kind of defeats the purpose. Not at DRFP: you can get in same day if you have a truly concerning issue. FANTASTIC. For regular check-ups, you just schedule for a few days in advance and it's not a big deal.They are using technology! Your doctor emails you your patient plan after each appointment as well as copies of any labs you have done for your own records. (They use a special online software). You can email your doctor with questions or concerns without having to schedule an appointment to simply ask how you change the dosing time of your meds or something). Again, this just helps keep the relationship with your doctor organized and effective. Location: Great spot across from Desert Ridge and next door is a Sonoran Quest labs -- so any labs DRFP can't do you just walk across the street. My only complaint is that I tend to have to wait a long time -- both before I'm brought back and for the doctor. But this is only because my appointments are never rushed -- they are not looking at the clock -- so you get what you need. If that means I have to wait an extra 20 minutes but get the full attention of my doctor then I'm all for it. Absolutely wonderful.
2	I thought this was going to be my primary care physician but after trying to schedule an appointment the other day I've decided to look elsewhere.  My first visit I scheduled a few days out as a new patient, had little wait time and actually spoke with the doctor for more than 5 minutes.  I liked that they had the portal to message back and forth with any follow up questions as well and I even referred several clients of mine to their office because of how impressed I was with how well I was treated by the whole office. Unfortunately what's changed my mind is their lack of communication on how they do their scheduling of appointments.  If I had been told during my first appointment that they only took appointments 1-2 days out I would never have wasted my time or their time...with my work schedule I have to plan doctors visits out in advance (yes there are emergency situations and I appreciate that they value taking care of sick patients in need of getting in to the office in a pinch but there has to be some sort of a compromise with scheduling?!)  I called to come in for a follow up appointment and was looking to schedule it 3 days out, Julie at the front desk explained the scheduling rules and I explained to her I was not told this when I came in the first time and had made my first appointment 3 days out that time so I wasn't sure why they couldn't do it this time.  Rules are rules an she said sorry and I said I'd have to go else where then...I honestly was baffled that the conversation ended the way that it did.  Me being me decided to email the doctor through the portal thing to see if there was any way they could help with my schedule because during my first visit she had taken so much time to get to know me and seemed to understand that it was hard for me to get in to appointments at times with my work schedule, after getting her response it was made clear that rules are rules....and business must be good for them at desert ridge family physicians.  I even called the day I needed the appointment to see if I could get in at the time I needed and the time I needed wasn't available anymore, so clearly this system is not for me.  in the mean time I'm still on the hunt for finding a physician that I like.  :(  despite the fact they provide healthcare for the public they still are running a business and I just am in shock that they turned away business.  great doctors, convenient location, just wish the scheduling had been explained better and or could have been worked out better to meet my needs as a patient.
5	WOW!! So impressed by this office!  Dr. LeMaster was great. In and out and I felt so comfortable. I am pretty picky, but I can say she will be our family physician as long as we are in the Phoenix area.
5	LOVE Dr. Luba here!!! I followed him from another practice.Talk about a doctor that is on his game and cares for his patients.  Thank you!The online patient portal is great as well for questions for the doctor, prescription refills, etc... Way to go with the technology!!! It really enhances the patient care.
1	Scheduling appointments sucks. Each person answering the phone will say different things. I was told to call tomorrow for an appointment, upon calling the next day someone else said the Dr is not working that day, who did you speak with? Please call back another day to schedule an appointment. Oh !
5	I've been a patient of Dr. Nelson's since they opened many years ago. The team is awesome as are all of the physicians. I love the philosophy as well as them being up to date and modern in their care and technology. I'd recommend them hands down.
5	Great practice.  Very efficient and knowledgable from front desk to medical assistant to the physician.  Very caring and accommodating.
1	The doctors at Desert Family are good from my experiences with them. The issue with this doctors office and the main reason why I would recommend for others to choose another doctor is the scheduling. From reading others reviews it seems that I am not alone. From step throat to broken bones they ask to schedule you out a day or so later. Rather than accommodating you and scheduling you in. This practice is large enough that it should be able to accommodate it's patients with scheduling. I have a family of 5 and desert family physicians just lost 5 patients. It might be time for them to acquire a better office manager.
3	Not impressed with the professionalism of the staff here. I have been looking for a good physician in the area for weeks. I contacted Desert Ridge Family Physicians office two weeks ago to schedule an appointment for my only day off. The receptionist stated that they cannot book appointments in advance, only the day before or day of. When attempting to schedule an appointment all the doctors I requested were not taking new patients. Overall the receptionist was very nice, but spoke to me as if I were a child. When I arrived the wait time after filling out new patient forms was only five minutes. The nurse was very kind and attentive to my comments and concerns. When the doctor arrived she was welcoming, but did not address any of my problems throughout the visit, instead she found a way around all the questions I had for her. I went in for a physical and wanted blood work done as preventive care and left with neither one of those things done because the she said "It wasn't necessary." The doctor left and had the nurse finish off my tests, she came back in and told me I was free to go and walked out of the room. No one walked me out or handed me any paperwork. I had to go up to the receptionist and ask if they needed anything from me. I heard such good things about this place and was referred by multiple people, but I left not wanting to ever come back. I'll be looking for a new doctor.
5	I was looking for a new PCP since I'm new to the area and I saw Dr. Turner today. She was great! I might be biased be she was as much of a wildcat fan as me but she also answered my questions well. The checking in process was a bit annoying but when isn't it. Over all I am very happy with my experience and am excited to have Dr. Turner take care of me!!
5	Excellent doctors office - I cannot go anywhere else- they are that professional and niceThe office is gorgeous-  they run a tight ship- they do not take samples from sales people so are not beholding to push a particular drug- I see Dr Sudekum- so do most of my friends and family- she is a wonderful physician- we are all very pleased.
