2	This is your typical chain-bakery providing industrial style baked goods and some pseudo Euro bistro dishes. Their coffee is lousy. The only good things to report about this place is their south-facing outdoor seating area, which gives you a grand parking lot view, and their wait staff with an attitude.
5	Excellent fresh food, produce, soups, and sandwiches...  also the employees seem to really enjoy their work and are always helpful and friendly! Free Wi-Fi.
4	I'm afraid I can't agree with the other reviewer at all. Yes it's a chain, but I find the wait-staff and the management to be very friendly and attentive. The muffins and cookies are GREAT!! I've found the sandwiches to be very tasty.Also, FREE Wi-Fi !!I like this place and I'm a regular here.Keep-up the good work Anaya!!!
1	Painfullyyyyy sloooowwww. Very hard to describe, but with no wait, took 30 minutes for an omelet because they lost our ticket twice. Incompetent. I really love the Paradise chain... it just seems the manager here hasn't a clue about a customers time...
5	Great place to eat! Staff is friendly. Anaya rocks!
1	This is the worst Paradise Bakery I have been too. Mike and I came here last Friday night primarily to get some chicken noodle soup since he was feeling under the weather. We get here and immediately someone tells us that this has been the night from hell and that they are out of a lot of stuff. Ok, thank you for welcoming me into your establishment. We asked for a club and were told that the croissants were cooling. Ok, how long until they are ready? Response, "I don't know. A loooong time. But we can get it for you if you wait, but not if you are getting a to go order." So no croissants for us. I wanted a panini. Only one was available even though three were listed online for the menu for this location. They were out of one kind and I was told that they didn't offer the other even though it was listed as an option online. Fine, I took the only one they had. I then went to get a mixed greens salad and they were out of mixed greens and tomatoes. Who knows what else they were out of that we didn't ask for. All the kids who were working here looked miserable to have to be explaining this to customers and be put in this situation. Where was management? No where to be seen.
3	fresh and tasty !!!interesting concept with different stations for deserts, soups, sandwiches and salads.the TUSCAN CHICKEN sandwich (grilled chicken breast, ciabatta bread, pesto mayo, lettuce, tomato, fresh basil, mozzarella cheese and green olive and pepperoncini relish) was delicious. the olives added an interesting twang.the BREAKFAST QUICHE (spinach, eggs, cream, cheddar, jack and parmesan cheeses in a puff pastry crust) was also good (or so i was told -- JULIANA and mom finished before i could snake a bite).nice place (right off the 60) to take a break and recharge your batteries, literally and figuratively, with plugs and free WI-FI !!
3	There are many varieties of herbal teas & assorted muffins.  My favorite is zucchini nut muffin which is closely followed by carrot.  The cookies are great, too.  Walking  to this location saves gas and it's a good workout.  My ideal lunch is soup and salad, or a quiche, or a sandwich or an omelet. Everything I have eaten here is quite tasty and, since I'm a regular here, I can't agree with some of the other reviewers. Generally the wait staff is efficient, friendly and helpful. Rating could be a 3.5 stars if they practice a smoother customer line formation and faster service on Saturdays.
1	I recently met a few friends here for lunch and conversation.  I ordered a sandwich and salad and for the second time was very disappointed in the quality of the sandwich.  The bread was stale as it had been a few months ago and there was nothing especially great about the rest of it either.  The salad was limp.While their muffins are good, that is about it.I do not plan to give this Paradise a third chance.
2	tuna sandwich runny and tuna was used "sparingly" on my 1/2 sandwich. My clam chowder was cold and I returned it to be warmed.  I'm not sure I'd call it clam chowder, it was more like burnt milk with a couple of potato cubes in it.  All out of plain ice tea.  I don't drink that fruity stuff.  But noticed that people who did try to get some, half of the containers were empty as well.  Definitely picked the wrong day to go, and wrong section to sit in....  nothing but whinny fussy kids that parents didn't seem to realize needed to be removed from the place.
4	Pumpkin muffins at Paradise Bakery have a crunchy crumble top and big chunks of black walnuts inside .They are sumptuous and make my mouth water, thinking about them . Be early or else they will be sold out ! i have been disappointed a few times when that happened.Their soups are excellent and taste homemade. A great concept restaurant and this is one of their best locations.
3	Soup is my pleasure food! With that being said, the rest of the family loves their sandwiches!This particular one is closet to our home.So if we eat at Paradise this is the one we go to. The cleanliness of the store is good. Tables are always clean and kept up. Bathroom is clean and stocked.  Soup is normally good, unfortunately the bread bowls leave a lot to be desired :(Two out of three times the bread is stale.Sandwiches are good, Mac and Cheese is wonderful!
3	Food is always good, service is always slow. :0(
4	I really like this location! My food is always great. Service is good, usually very fast. I love their tomato soup. Really yummy. They also started offering a low fat soup that I can't wait to try. I love the paninis. And the italian sandwich... HUGE! and filled with yummy goodness. Pair that with the tomato soup and mmmmm. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Salad: The santa fe salad is yum! The dressing is a little spicy. The kick is kind of a good surprise. They gladly add other toppings if you ask like tomato, onion, etc. I have had some locations get snooty about this but never this location. I recently had breakfast here and the oatmeal was really good. Fresh fruit on top, really good. Now about those cream cheese brownies! Wow! My favorite brownies ever. I will say the chocolate chip cookies are hit or miss. Some days they are fresh and gooey and some days hard and crunchy. You just never know! I am glad that they always let you substitute another kind of cookie with your meal.
4	My favorite location! Service is always great, food is always good and fresh. It is usually pretty quiet and has a nice little outdoor area to eat which is great this time of year. My favorite is the crumbly blue cheese salad. The italian sandwich is also a favorite, it always has tons of meat. The restaurant always looks very clean and the cookies are usually fresh. The cream cheese brownies are heaven!
2	Every time I go there I order chicken noodle soup in a bread bowl just to find out they are out of bread bowls. How do you always run out of bread bowls??? The workers are not very polite either :-( I won't go back instead I'll go to Safeway for my bread bowl and soup.
2	Is this a fast food joint?? They stop serving breakfast at 10...
1	I love Paradise Bakery and have done so for years but, the location on Signal Butte and Baseline is notorious for having terrible service, lack of staff and rudeness to be blunt. We just left the location after standing in a line of 2 people for over 5 minutes. We were being totally ignored at the soup bar after having our salads made. Even the manager ignored us! If you want a quick enjoyable meal, I would do the same as us.... Drive across the parking lot to 'Rubios' where they greeted us with a warm friendly smile and couldn't be happier to take our order promptly.
3	I really like the food at paradise bakery (my favorite is the turkey cranberry on molasses bread and the crumbly blue salad) but I can only give this location three stars because so many of the employees are just rude! They put the salads together and hand it to you without saying a word, and if you ask for extra of something they snatch the bowl back rudely and hand it back with no more than a dirty look. Also, there is always something off about their soda machine! Either it's too much carbonation or too much syrup.  Sort of annoying...
1	I just went to Paradise Bakery and ordered a turkey, ham and salome sandwich. For $8.00 I LITERALLY received ONE piece of processed turkey, ONE piece of processed ham and ONE slice of Salome!! It wasn't even a full sandwich, it was a half. I called the manager thinking they must have made a mistake, and..... they didn't. For $8.00 you receive one slice each of processed meat and bread. To the manager's credit he said the sandwich was probably a half when it should have been a whole and he would refund my money if I were to come back to the store. However, I ordered it to-go in 107 degrees, so going back out wasn't my idea of fun. So, for $11 you too can have a small lemonade, a couple pieces of processed garbage on bread.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my food at paradise bakery. All ingredients seemed fresh, and healthy. The atmosphere was very casual, you can dine there and relax with friends as well as bring your kids. Favorite part was receiving free samples of their delicious cookies, served by some very nice ladies. Can't wait to go back.
1	Paradise Bakery is a great restaurant that serves delicious food! What they don't have is an idea of what service means. Today I walked in to buy a box of assorted cookies. I walk up to the dessert counter and Dee (supervisor) was busy talking to her manager, they were at a register clearly very interested in their task. I patiently waited eventually Dee broke away to tell me I order food down the counter, as soon as I asked for an assorted box of of cookies she points out a line at the far end of the counter and says "she has more cookies over there". I quickly recognized she did not want to assist me. I said thank you and went and stood in the 6 person line. I was asked by the employee at the salad station If I would like a salad and I declined and thanked her for offering assistance. I then asked who the manager is and she pointed out Dee the original person who did not want to assist me, I replied "of course she is" and went about waiting in the line. I get down to being the third person in line and the Dee comes over and asks what type of cookies I would like. I don't know if the salad employee said something to her and that spurred her to offer assistance but it was an insincere attempt to correct a missed opportunity. I said thank you but I will wait for my turn in line for assistance from the employee you directed me to. I'm very disappointed that Dee felt that the task interaction with her manager was more important than a paying customer. I'm equally disappointed that upon witnessing the interaction the Manger retreated to the back before her name could be noted or she had to work with a customer. Overall today's experience was not Paradise Bakery's best example of their ingredients for success:"Our goal at Paradise Bakery & Cafe is that your experience from the presentation to the product quality to the exceptional service is so special, that you tell a friend, "You have to go to Paradise." I hope you you receive better service than I did.-Robert Mejia
2	Love the salads and sandwhichh a although I thought it seems overpriced. However, I tried the half pasta today? And the size is smaller than the soup. Not worth 6.99. I'm very disappointed in the quantity and the chicken on top tastes like ham and not cooked well. I will only be coming for a sandwhich in the future. Even the salads are very slim here.
4	Love this place! I've tried a lot of different items from breakfast to lunch, etc. There coffee and teas are good. I love the mango ice tea. Also there turkey chili and autumn soup is to die for. My fav sandwiches are chicken walnut in molasses bread. You can have that in a salad too. I also like in their Southwestern chicken flatbread sandwich. Their turkey with cranberry flatbread sandwich is good as well.  The cookies here all good and their pastries and muffins.
4	Love this place! I've tried a lot of different items from breakfast to lunch, etc. There coffee and teas are good. I love the mango ice tea. Also there turkey chili and autumn soup is to die for. My fav sandwiches are chicken walnut in molasses bread. You can have that in a salad too. I also like in their Southwestern chicken flatbread sandwich. Their turkey with cranberry flatbread sandwich is good as well.  The cookies, muffins and scones are good here. The service was great. Friendly and positive people. I will be back!!!
4	Delicious food, love all the combos of half sandwiches, salads and soups. There are always healthy yummy choices, and a free cookie with every meal! Just great quality food, and this location has been clean and had plenty of open seating the few times we've been.
