5	Yuppie Puppies is the best place for my dogs overall. The service is excellent!!! Brook is amazing with my dogs. She's on top of her game when it comes to styles, colors and trims. Boarding them too is great, I never worry and I am able to call and check up on my dogs anytime I want. I would highly recommend Yuppie Puppies.If you want the best service go to YUPPIE PUPPIES!!!
5	That was too easy! I've only lived in Vegas for about a day now but I feel like I've already found the best grooming place in town thanks to Yelp. Not to mention, the best groomer I've had in any of the amazing cities I've lived in. I'm so impressed with how clean and fluffy they got my beloved Blondie. I'm not gonna lie... she was looking a bit rough around the edges. We both were actually. None of us had the time for our usual girlie maintenance like we normally do because we were both smack dab in the middle of moving. I'm sure you know how that goes. However, there are neighbors to meet, places to go, things to do. We needed to get it together. So I looked on Yelp to find a good place and I made an appointment for both of us to go get beautified. Myself at Spa Mio, Blondie at Yuppie Puppies.I'm pleased to say that Yuppie Puppies transformed my disheveled Maltese into straight "Show Dog" status. Blondie has horrible tear stains and I was having trouble finding groomers in NYC locally that were able to clean that area up and do a really good job consistently. I'm thrilled that Yuppie Puppies was able to get Blondie cleaner than I've seen her in a long time. I was blown away! As you can see from all of the photos I've uploaded, her tear stains have improved under Brooke's grooming. I'm very appreciative of the quality of service I received there and they have more than earned my regular business. Their 5 star reviews are indeed reflective of the excellent job that they do. I shall return.
5	5 Stars! 5 Stars! 5 Stars!I went here based on the reviews from Yelp, and I'm so glad I did!I had to go out of town for a couple days on business and needed a place for my dog.  After reading the reviews on the other local places to board I didn't feel too good...until I saw Yuppie Puppies.Ok, I have to admit, the name put me off at first, I'm not yuppie, and I thought that it meant the prices would be crazy high.  Instead, I was so happy to see how nice the owners are, and of of the owners Brook, you can see in the pics of the place - it's evident they love dogs and the dogs there are VERY happy.My guy was in such a good mood when I picked him up - and he smelled great from his bath.  Their boarding works like this: the dog gets a bath (about $30) and boarding is $10 a night - so my 3 night stay was $60 or $20 a night, which is much cheaper than the other guys - and in a place I like with owners I trust.  BIG WIN!Thanks Brook and Yuppie Puppies!- Jase
5	I have been looking for a place to get my dog groomed for years and after reading the reviews I thought why not.  I must say my dog went in looking a mess and came out looking PERFECT I was so impressed and will continue to go there.  Staff is friendly and the prices are very reasonable.  So much better then taking my dog to pet co where I used to take him.  Thank you yuppie puppies!!!!!
5	The owner is SOOOOO good with the dogs that go in there! She actually talks to them! I treat my puppy like a son, so when i saw that, it made me ecstatic and perfectly comfortable with leaving my baby boy there :) decent price, not any different from other places. Cute little shop! Puppy's cut came out great and even though he went in there shaking, he came out soo happy! :) too bad I'm only visiting the area for a few weeks. Otherwise, this would be our permanent groomer for him! 5 stars! If I could, I would give even more!
5	Thank you soooo much for taking care of my furbaby, Pumpkin. The owners are very caring & love animals. You can totally tell by the way my baby was acting at the end of her stay. I had to go out of town for surgery & missed my pick up time because I missed my plane ride home. The next day the owners called, on their day off because I was going to pick my baby up but I had gotten sick from stress & pain. I called a day later & one of the owners ( sorry really bad with names :( ) came in just so I could pick Pumpkin up. She suggested that I change her food to blue buffalo instead of the cheaper grocery brand that I thought was good for her. I am glad I took her suggestion because Pummy's breath no longer smells bad. They also bathed her before I picked her up. They are economical & very nice. I will definitely use them again!!!!
5	went there because some friends referred us and we had a $10 off coupon (for first time customers) from the back of our smiths receipt. (we also asked about they're special for refer-a-friend $5 off for you & $5 off for them next time they bring in they're dog). we could only pick 1 out of the 2 discounts which is ok for us and they still gave our friend $5 off for next time when he brings in his Cocoa Puff. YAY!!! everyone's a winner today!!! :P our diesel was super happy and he smelled so good!! when getting your pet groomed here they also get a bandana for boys and bows for girls for free!
5	My cocker mix is very difficult to work with, she is very nervous and does not like going in a kennel. I have the most difficult time trying a new groomer, but this was not a difficult experience at all.  First off, the place is decorated so cute, the customer service is fantastic.  Brook actually came out met my dogs, and then picked up the nervous one and carried her back.  Less than two hours later, my dogs were beautiful, complete with feathers in their hair.  The price was very reasonable too!  We will be back and I would recommend Yuppie Puppies to everyone for all their grooming needs!
5	We actually found this place on Yelp while looking for a decent groomer. We had taken our Beagle puppy to PetSmart the first time, and he came back VERY dried out. I couldn't figure out why his skin was so dry and flakey after taking him there! So I called around to a bunch of different groomers (not in store) and I came across Yuppie Puppies. I called in and the girl was nice enough to explain to me over the phone things I could do at home until his next groomer appointment to get his skin happy, healthy, and not so itchy. At that point, I signed Hunter up for his 2nd groomer appointment. This time, I made it with Yuppie Puppies. When I brought him in, the owner had brought her dogs in with her to work as well as the 3 shop cats. Hunter was very excited to get to play with the other animals (and I was excited that he was getting to be socialized.) When I picked Hunter up after his appointment, he smelled great, his skin looked healthy (not dry like it did at PetSmart) and he had the cutest little bandana around his neck. He smelled great all day long! I was super surprised that the scent didn't wear off throughout the day. I will DEFINITELY be bringing Hunter back to Yuppie Puppies, as well as telling EVERYONE I know about this amazing little shop. :) Thank you soooooo much for treating me and Hunter the way a REAL groomer is supposed to.
5	I have been taking my yorkie Abby to Yuppie Puppies since she was a baby. They have always been very pleasant and caring for Abby. I never worry about her while she is having her "spa day"  I love the little bows and feathers that they put in. My Abby always looks and smells amazing when I pick her up!
5	Best groomers! I take all 3 of my dogs and cat here on a regular basis. One of my dogs is blind with health issues and they take special care in grooming him. I also LOVE that they have pet dyes to make our animals look fabulous!! They offer nail polish too! I will post some pics. They care about animals and do an excellent job. They also go out of their way to try to accommodate all 4 of my animals every time I call.
5	Wonderful services. So helpful. Brook is AWESOME!
2	It became obvious that this is a groomer set up for dogs under 30lbs when I took in my 50lb dog and was charged extra fees at the end because of her size. When I first walked in the owner asked me if I had seen a white dog running around outside, this was disturbing. The owner was slightly pushy, I showed up 2 hours after I dropped my dog off which was the time quoted for a bath. I had made a appointment and when I got there they told me she was still in line and i would be called when she was finished I was than shooed out of the store. I was not impressed, I would not recommend this place for my friends and their dogs
5	Let me start off by saying how extremely satisfied we've been with the services Yuppie Puppies provides. We've been to several groomers around town prior to finding Yuppie Puppies and never really felt completely satisfied.  Not only are the owners professional, they're incredibly good at what they do and its evident that this is more of a passion opposed to just a job.  Every time I take my yorkie i let Brook get creative and do her own thing, and every time its a great job and its always something different!  She's also really educated on the latest grooming products/styles/etc. which is most likely why she's so good at what she does.  We also have a dog who sheds like crazy but after a shedding treatment he's cured! I also love that they offer hair color for when you have the urge to dye your dog pink or green, whatever floats your boat.Aside from grooming, we also use yuppie puppies for boarding which has been a life saver.  They've been able to accommodate us even on a last minute notice, for weeks at a time. Overall, i would highly recommend any of their services not only for the quality, but for the awesome customer service we've always received.
5	Yuppie Puppies are experts when it comes to grooming my 5 yorkies. I just drop them off and pick them up. They know what to do every time. Price is very reasonable. And when I need to leave for business, I trust them with boarding 110%. I would highly recommend her services to anyone. Thanks for everything Yuppie Puppies!!
5	Yuppie Puppies has been servicing my 2 dogs and cat since it opened, Elana is the most caring compassionate professional groomer I have encountered, I have followed her at her previous locations and would not have anyone else take care of my little ones.  The place is immaculate and smells good too as they use aromatherapy. Do your pets a favor and take them to Yuppie Puppies!
1	NEVER EVER USE THIS BUSINESS unless they change owners.... Horribly unprofessional and unethical. They were doing a free groom for a rescue which is the only good thing i can say about them. One of the owners Brook Curtis put our foster rescue baby in a kennel overnight because she was tired and wanted to close early on a Friday!!! POSTED HOURS ARE UNTIL 4PM. My my wife was running late and could not find them. She called them to get directions and was told by the owner that she was leaving because they were tired of waiting!!! This was about 2:45. Did I mention their posted hours are until 4pm?? After this happened my wife called me and told me about what happened. Brook Curtis called me back and told me on the phone because it was a free service for a rescue that we did not matter and we were not a paying customer and was not being paid to babysit. Brook put a poor scared rescue in a kennel overnight because you are tired and want to close early.... Shame on you!!
4	Very friendly and best Grooming we have found on this side of town!  Highly recommend them!!
5	My girlfriend Bobbi Billard recommended this place to me. Let me tell you FINALLY a great groomer in Las Vegas. Coming from Cali my dog always went to the best and every few weeks. Since living here in Vegas- I've been everywhere, no such luck. And this is the place! They take their time, but yet don't let your dog sit in a cage forever or at all. Perfect cut and clean as a whistle. They make cutest bows and even have certain medicated bath options for your dogs skin. My dog being so old, has had moles or other types of skin allergies. So when I would visit the vet a couple times a year they would cut these thing off and charge me, as they came back. BUT this medicated bath option has completely changed that for my dog and his skin has been at it's best. So if your not worried about the extra dollar then I highly recommend adding their treatment they offer. As the prices here are more then fair! I am very happy and so is my doggie they are great! Thanks Bobbi!
5	Just moved to Las Vegas from  Florida and was in need of a groomer for my two poodles.  Luckily for me the first time was a charm.  They were great and my dogs looked incredible.  I have poodles and a good groomer is always hard to find but Yuppie Puppies was amazing.  Will definitely be going back and recommend them 100%.
5	I found this place from a living social offer (just like groupon).  They were great and treated me like a full paying customer.  She was done sooner than she had told me, it took about an hour.  My dog (12 pound toy Australian shepherd) looked AMAZING when I picked her up. Her under coat was combed out wonderfully!!  And she smelled fresh and clean.  I would highly recommend this place and will be back.
5	This was the first time bringing my puppy,Zeus, to this grooming salon. Since his groomer moved her busy to San Diego. I was in need of a new groomer so I looked area my side of town and found this salon. The ladies at the salon were very friendly and took great care of my baby.  Looks like we found a new groomer.
1	You can all believe Peter K. When he says to stay away from this business. My story is not as uncomoassionate as his, but it still shows their unprofessional practice. We went to Yuppie Puppie for a closer groomer.I had phoned a week earlier to inquire about having my daughters cat groomed. I told the appointment setter more than once that her cat had only been professional groomed once and he got aggressive with the groomer. Since that time, we have bathed and trimmed him at home. He needed a clean shave because he had two matted areas under his front legs. The girl on the phone assured me that he would be in good hands with Elana. Evidently, she was super with cats and could handle any cat. I also was told that he would be the first in the morning so as not to make him nervous with dogs barking.We arrived at nine and some angry little women arrived at five after. She seemed a little pissed that we were waiting, there was another woman waiting with her poodle,also. So much for being first. So we get in after she pops open the door and wave us in with no words. I felt like I was at the DMV. Evidently they let five grown cats roam the salon all night. I don't have a problem with that, but any cat person knows that you will not make a new cat feel welcome if you have five other cats hissing at him and rubbing their glands on the outside if his carrier. We had reservations to leave him but against our intuition, we did. Twenty minutes later, we get a phone call. It's Elana and she says," umm, you have to come get him, he attacked me." She had a ton of attitude and nonprofessional demeanor. She told us that she tried to muzzle him which we had not agreed to or even discussed at the consult. My husband was available to get him so he did. He gave her 20 dollars because she managed to shave the top of him. I understand that he is a bit much for a dog handler, I wish they were honest up front about Elana and her dismissive attitude and the five cats.Anyway, the Barking Lot is the place I have taken my digs for years and I send everyone I know to Marissa. We will take him back to her. A bit of a drive, but worth it!
5	We just took our three schnauzers and they did a fantastic job.   We have a white, grey and black.  They were ready for a show when picked up.   Reading the other yelps before deciding to take them I laughed at the cat one.  If you have such a ill behaved pet keep it at home and get clippers.   Their groomers not behavioral pet specialists.   Your cat got sent home live with it lol and that guy who was super late with out calling (and was getting it done gratis due to rescue status) all groomers are by appointment make your time or lose your slot.  People are really nuts out there.  Anyway, we have been getting our pups groomed for 8 years now and this place is by far the best.   We have two friends that also take their pups here and are completely satisfied....
5	Love Yuppie Puppies!!! Our dog, Berkeley has been going to Petsmart for grooming but has gotten cut and hurt there a few times...We went to Yuppie Puppies today and he looks great!!! Also he was finished in less than 2 hours unlike Petsmart that took 3-4 hours...Definitely will be back!!!
5	I have had a couple of dogs groomed by Brook.  She is always friendly and knowledgeable.  My dogs were beautiful and well taken care of.  Two paws up for Yuppie Puppies!!
5	I am very happy with Yuppie Puppies. I took my shiba inu there and Brook was definitely knowledgeable about the breed and recommended their deshedding treatment. They didn't mind watching him there for a extra few hours while I was tied up which was great. And I am VERY happy with the way my Riku boy came out. His coat is softer than ever and smells excellent and hardly any undercoat to deal with. I am a happy camper and have definitely found our new grooming spot!
5	I love yuppie puppies the best for my puppy!!! He's usually so scared of getting groomed and the other places I've taken him to was a nightmare!!!! When I pick him up from here he's really in a happy mood!!!Seems like he loves it here , and so do we :)
5	I've been a customer of Yuppie Puppies for over two years now. Brooke grooms my babies and she is, without a doubt, the best groomer in Vegas and my picture perfect dogs prove it. All of my friends that have dogs go to her too now because she rocks! I have a maltese and a chinese crested, who aren't the easiest dogs to groom because they are white and both get tear stains, but Brooke does a great job consistently every time. The bow & bow ties she stylizes them with are always so cute. I've never seen them done up the same way in the two years that I've brought them in (unless requested). She even had a creative bow and matching bow tie made up for them for the Super Bowl and dressed them up to the nines for a special event I hosted. It's the extra special touches like this that makes me proud to be a customer and I will always sing her praises to all that will listen. Bring your dogs to Yuppie Puppies and watch them transform your mangy mutt into their inner showdog. You may want to get a doggy agent on speed dial because your dog will look so cute you'll contemplate turning them into the next Toto, Lassie, Benji, Spuds McKenzie, or insert your dog's celebrity lookalike name here. Don't say I didn't warn you!
5	Took my little princess to yuppie puppies this morning, Elana did an amazing job! Great staff, very friendly and my dog loved her! Definitely recommend using them!  My baby looks good, smells good, and feels good! They truly care about animals here, they are very knowledgeable regarding your pets, their diets and allergies.   Love, love, love them!!!
5	Been taking my Shelties to Brooke and Alana for many years. They always treat them well and the dogs are happy and lovely when they leave. It's really nice to know that the person who is grooming your dog, knows your dog, Brooke had some great suggestions for brushing and bathing during the times in between I take them to Yuppy Puppy. Great shop. Friendly owners. An overall great experience every time!
1	Just moved to the neighborhood and needed to get my maltese groomed, looked it up on yelp and was excited to see all the good reviews from this place. Took my dog in and was sooo disappointed when I picked her up! Horrible horrible hair cut, she looks like the hair was chopped off instead of cut..different lengths thru-out her body and looks like a mutt dog instead of full breed maltese. The only thing that makes me feel better it's that it'll grow back.First and last time I'll ever be there and will not recommend. I will just take the long drive to warm springs and Durango for a good dog groomer.
5	This place is great- they groom my dogs perfectly and they LOVE animals! Sweet and caring!  I wouldn't take my babies anywhere else! Been coming here for at least 4 years now.
1	Gosh.. What a disappointment! After moving to Las Vegas from So Cal last month, I was happy to schedule a grooming appointment for our little Princess Sophia. I spoke to Brook one of the owners and was able to get an appointment the following day and she seemed very friendly and casual. I told her that we had a malti tsu about one year old. Brook the woman who groomed Sophie did let us pick out some pink bows to put in her hair and had numerous cats walking freely around the business. Great if you like cats, not so great if you're like me who doesn't. When we picked up Sophia, she did look cute. However, we quickly noticed that her hair was extremely knotted where her rubber bands gathered the bows on to the sides of her ears. In addition to that which was really bad, her haircut was completely uneven and choppy. It was bad and normally when I get her groomed, her under eyes are nice and clean. Her eyes where wet underneath and not thoroughly clean. Brook also went on to say that Sophia was uncooperative when she was being groomed but I've never had any complaints and she is after all, still a puppy. Needless to say, I was disappointed the more I looked at the job we paid for and I will definitely look for another groomer in the area.
5	We were recommended to this place by a small dog groomer. Loved it, my big doodle came home beautiful and happy and the facility was nice and large. Good price, best cut we've seen on him--coming from Germany, we like this place much better than any groomer we used over there. Can't think of any reason to give less than 5 stars.
