4	If you need fake nunchuks, old china, random golf clubs, and a great selection of clothes to sort through, then this is your savers.
4	As far as second-hand stores go, Savers is one of my favorites in general.They tend to be cleaner, and priced more appropriately than Goodwill has been over the past few years.I like I get my kids clothes here since they have this weird tendency to grow and wear out what they wear (go figure) so I try to take advantage of their daily Half-price special on a random tag color. Every once in a while I'll get lucky and find a good board game (I'm a board game designer and collector, so I love finding oddities) or even a nice shirt or pair of pants that are (either practically or sometimes literally) brand new.I think I even found a nice pair of hiking boots once when I was about to go camping and was in a pinch to just get something on the cheap.Wash everything before you use it, of course, but I've had pretty good luck at Savers.
3	I love thrift stores and this one is near my house. I have purchased a few things here. The store is big and fairly organized. I think what I dislike about Savers is that it seems to be overpriced for used stuff they got for free.I suppose that happens since they are a for profit store. They have TONS of housewares stuff. Though I never found something amazing there. I would rather be at Goodwill but  I do stop by here sometimes.
4	I second the nice help here as stated by another poster.  Plus, I found some really good tops here, too.  Worth a looksee for sure.
4	My family was displaced by a home fire and so we had to replace some clothes.  We went in on a Tuesday and it was 25% off!  Believe me when I say we bought nearly $300 in clothes and other items and we walked out only paying $135!The clothes are nice and decent just make sure you allow enough time to shop because you really have to look to find the nicer and quality clothes.
4	I have found this Savers to have the most variety than most of the other locations around town. They have a large selection of furniture, appliances and pictures. I have found tons of good finds in this store, and the staff are always very friendly right when you walk in until you leave!I enjoy Savers a lot more than Goodwill stores because they seem to have better quality items when it comes to clothes and products. Also, it is a lot more cleaner and much more organized that having tons of items thrown on all the shelves like some Goodwills.
4	My firs time at a savers! They have a ton of variety for seasonal items (Halloween costumes) and a lot of clothes. Their housewares items are WAY overpriced and the quality is less than impressive. Also, it was the last week of September... Everyone was dressed in costumes, playing Halloween music. I'm all for celebration, but a little early. This place is still better than good will, but i would only shop here for clothes.
4	A great place for many things at bargain prices. Like any thrift store you need to  fully inspect. That said great place for small kids clothing, books, toys, kitchenware and winter clothes.  I have found very nice work dresses there as we'll. definitely worth checking out.
1	I have been going to this Savers for a few years now but I won't be going anymore. They were never great to begin with but now they have gotten excessively greedy. Their prices are ridiculous. For example I saw a dirty old suede jacket for $99.99. There were crappy shoes for about $15.00. They are out of their minds.
4	Savers is *awesome* for costumes! I popped in needing a Tour de Fat costume. In my heart I knew Savers would rock. They have rows and rows of Halloween costumes and accessories. Same stuff you might find in a Party City for less. Walking in I was greeted by Craig, "Hi! I'm the Costume Consultant. Please let me know if there's anything I can do to help."Mind you, Craig is a really, really tall beefy guy. So the first time he spoke I was thinking, "Em...W-h-a-t does this man want?" Then I saw the name badge and caught on. Craig is the bomb. I looooorved my "Dark Angel" outfit. + I got some compliments out of it.It's quite nice to walk up and down the available outfits, ordered by size, and plop them into your cart. There's no writing down of numbers after squinting at a picture in a store, only to learn they are out of stock. Savers allows you to try on six items at a time. Alas, I just wasn't feeling it with any of the traditional costumes. A Minnie Mouse polka dot retro thing with cute black gloves was super cute tho. I had two main criteria: 1) can't be too hot 2) should have some cleavage. (What? I'm single. Minnie had my collar bones covered.)Hearing Craig's deep voice boom over the loudspeaker, "Hi! This is Craig! Allow me to create a unique costume for you." changed my mind. I asked some other gals for leads on black halter tops. They initially suggested the sleeveless aisle. When i added, "I'm looking for something inappropriate" they pointed me to lingerie.  (I like they way the employees here think.)If anyone is looking for Frederick's of Hollywood merchandise they've got a current stash. (Oof. I'll never look at myself the same again.) Given that I'd be riding my bike to the light rail I needed more coverage. Found an awesome dress with beads. Craig generously allowed me to try on my feather wings. (Shh!) And he suggested the type of accessories to glam the whole thing up with.Craig is the kind of guy you'd want as a bouncer. Sure, he's stocky. But I witnessed him helping tiny humans shop for Superman get-ups. These kids also think Craig walks on water. I'd go there if you need some Halloween fun!
4	This location still has the daily 50% off colors which is a big plus for me and the main reason I go to this one versus the one closer to me in avondale. Very good selection of clothes and housewares. Only downside its there are a lot of transients hanging around outside begging for money but not really Savers fault.
5	Today was my first time at this location. I generally prefer Savers over GW, because I've found I find more designer brands. This Savers has become one of my new favorites. I found a lot of designer brands that were in great condition. A brand new Under Armour sweatshirt retails for $55, I was able to get for $8, and it still had the tags. I'm a nursing student, so I don't have a lot of money to treat myself to the quality clothing that I used to be able to; but I can't complain for the deals that I got today!
