3	The City Bar is located at the north end of the ARIA, next to Jean Phillippe.  It's a nice, cozy section of the ARIA with comfortable seating, not as loud and crowded as other parts of the casino, and the waitresses don't have to walk far to serve you.  No food is offered, but we picked up a bunch of truffles from JP and relaxed for an hour after a long day at a conference.  Hubby asked for a non-alcoholic recommendation from our waitress and she hooked him up with an Island Berry, which was a yummy blend of strawberries, coconut puree and pineapple juice.  Hanging out here was one of the better moments (all 60 minutes of it) of our stay.
2	I hung out here for two solid hours as part of a scavenger hunt, and I've definitely experienced better.  First of all, I got zero cell phone reception... apparently, there is no Verizon service in this area, although the waitress told me they were building a tower "soon."  So I tried to use WiFi, but the network is restricted to guests of the hotel, which I was not, so I was S.O.L.  I figured to at least drown my sorrows in a drink or three, but at $9 for a Bailey's & coffee I could not afford more than one (the game only paid me $75, for chrissakes).  On top of all that, the place is dark and gloomy and depressing -- you would think that with all those windows on the outside, City Center would be airy and spacious and full of light, but the interior (of Aria, at least) is all dark wood finish and low lighting, so much so that I felt a bit claustrophobic, like I was trapped in a coffin full of slot machines and bourgeoisie!!On the plus side, the seating was plentiful and very comfy, and the waitresses were attractive, pleasant and friendly, and checked on me often.  I think it's one of those places where they hire based on looks, because it was all 20-something babes... but their uniforms have these unfortunate gathered bunches at the sides, right where your saddlebags would be, and it makes them all look hippy and fat, which none of them were!
2	Terrible Service...We sat in the bar/lounge for an hour, and no one came up to us.The place was not even that crowded. Only after we got our drinks at the bar, about an hour later, did the waitress notice our existence in the open alcove. Even then, she was not very open, receptive or nice. Such is life. Aside from the horrible service, the drinks were very good. Their menu has a vast array of non-alchoholic drinks, which are always pleasing to the eye for non-alcoholics. Try the Peach Drink..It is amazing. One of the greatest Mojitos I have ever had. It was fantastic.The ambiance is nothing to rave about. It is your standard lounge and bar. The service could have definitely been better, but the drinks were up to par. Overall, its good to stop by, grab some drinks, and bounce.
3	This is a nice little cozy place just off the side of some craps tables near the cashier.There was one waitress for the whole area, and she did a great job, but its really nothing more than a little outcrop.
4	I actually had a pretty fun time here with my girl friend at the bar. We grabbed one chair in the corner for the both of us and started to order some drinks. The drinks were pricey but the usual for Vegas. The bartender was friendly, heck all three of them were really nice (even to the other customers who were not women). The bartender gave us our drinks (and we suspect extra alcohol ...) one of the shots we got looked like we had half a bottle of Goose in it! Crazy. Later we asked him to make us a drink, something special that he likes that's also citrus-y. It was so delicious but at the same time very alcoholic (hey I couldn't taste it ...). He offered to take a pic for us and was having a great time teasing us about how we were both @_@ at the gigantic shots we had. This bar is much smaller than Bar Moderno, but overall the bartenders are nice and I enjoyed my experience here.
2	It was kinda hard to find, all the way in the back behind the tables. I ordered my lemondrop.. Mmm... foaamy? I ordered a mojitio... foamy as well, both were quite sweet. Overall experience, quite disappointing.
3	The seating is awesome and people who work here were friendly.  Its Vegas prices, so be ready to pay 7 USD + for a beer.  I liked the decor. Its kind of dark, but I will hang out here again for sure.....
2	This review is probably biased because our group took up most of this small space. I expected this to be pretty douchey, but it wasn't that bad. I sat on the floor for a bit and the seating was what made it really great. Beers were 6 bucks, but it's pointless to complain about prices when you go to Vegas; if you're going to complain about drink prices don't hang out at a newly opened, fancy pants hotel. There are several places where you can get a buzz for 10 bucks. Anyway, why the low star count? The music was crap. Not even our server's luscious breasts could make up for hearing Miley Cyrus and The Village People at 3 am. The most serious of WTF's.
3	A small yet cool bar to meet with the elite of Aria. You'll find post club goers and weekenders here, A couple of good spots that can hold 6 - 8 comfortably.It's cool, but not amazing. But I'd hang out here if I was in the casino of Aria.
3	Our tab:A margarita2 "San Francisco" drinksan Island Berry (non alcoholic)In the 35 minutes we spent sipping our drinks, we saw:-- Carrot Top with a blonde on each arm-- Groups of women walking either to or from HAZE, in various drunken states (some were being carried, some could barely walk in their four inch heels, some were just getting started & doing the ritual pre-clubbing "woo hoo" with one arm in the air)-- Groups of men dressed to impress women in various drunken states who may or may not pay them any attentionCity Bar barely deserves three stars. It's a small gathering space (a bar & seating for roughly 4-5 parties) with mediocre drinks but the seats are comfortable & the "scenery" walking by is semi entertaining.
4	I'm surprised at all the average reviews.First (when I was there) the wait staff definitely brought on their A-Team.. Its an all women staff and wow its the top shelf.The two girls behind the bar were incredible, wasting no time and catering to the waitresses and the bar clients. The two 'models' at the front desk were very helpful with information about the new hotel and I had a great time.
4	Had a few glasses of Wine with The Better Half and some friends the other night.  We enjoyed the atmosphere of the lounge.....comfortable sofas & chairs....fun to people watch.  Hung out for a couple of hours and our glasses were never empty.....as it should be.  Prices weren't too bad....we paid $13 for a glass of Malbec.Return Factor - 89.7%
3	The thing that's kinda nice about this place is that it sits right at the entrance of the Aria with a great view of the lobby and check in area. If you are meeting someone at the Aria it's a great reference point and place to grab a drink. While staying there for a conference my boyfriend and I sat at this bar and watched all the attendees check in. Very good for a lounge drink and people watching.
1	One star was for being located right next to Jean Phillipe Patisserie. Very small bar lounge inside casino. Looks quaint but service sucks. Waitress did not wipe down our dirty table after taking our drink order.  Previous person that sat at our table smoked, so there were ashes all over our table.  Ordered their pinot noir wine. $11 a glass. Wine was borderline gross. Bar flat screen TV was too small to watch the basket game from. Bar was very small. We were only about 25 feet away from the TV.
2	Our hotel stay included 2 free drink vouchers so I decided to spot in for a quick drink. This was NOT a quick stop. The drinks were strong, but the waitress rude and unapologetic. Anytime I get a free drink I plan to tip generously, not this time.
1	Bad service.My bf and I stopped by here last night to use our free drink tickets from the last time we stayed here. We planned on just picking up our drinks really quick and getting out of there and on the way to Cosmo, but this was not a quick stop at all. We came in and sat at the bar. There was only one other person sitting at the bar, a few cocktail waitresses coming in and out on the left side of the bar, two bartenders, and one barback. We literally sat there for 10 minutes and NONE of them said a word to us. The barback finally asked us if we needed anything and we said we've been waiting because we want drinks. Rather than tell the waiter, he just pointed at the bartender. One of the bertenders kept looking at us, but would never say a word to us. Instead he would just keep going over to the cocktail waitresses to talk or even help other customers that would come into the bar. I have no idea what that was about, but it made me pretty angry. Mind you that this is a very small bar, so the fact that he was ignoring us when we were an arm's length away was just plain rude. We finally just decided to stare him down (after 15 minutes of waiting) and he finally asked "do you need something?" WTF. Because we just LOVE to sit at bars for the sole purpose of resting our feet...I asked him if we could use the drink tickets and he said yes. After giving us a 5 second stare, he asked for our IDs. We both ordered rum and cokes, gave him an undeserved tip, and dipped. Our drinks tasted like there was 95% coke and 5% rum. I noticed other reviews state that their drinks are too strong. I only wish that was half the case with our visit there because that was just a big waste of time.
4	Great drinks with a nice and cozy area to sit while we were waiting for our dinner reservations.  The special cocktails were yummy.
3	Fun little place to have a drink.  Though it was wide open, it still felt cozy.
1	I am re-editing this review mainly due to the fact that I got a response from someone in Upper Management regarding our horrible experience at City Bar (Despite great service everywhere else at the Aria). I would only warn foreign guests, that if you plan to drink at CityBar, be sure to bring either a United States license or a Foreign passport as they won't accept foreign government Identification.
1	This bar is in the middle of the casino floor at Aria. Coming here has made me actually consider what I consider to be serviceable service.We walked in and immediately had no idea of whether or not we should sit at the bar, or in the comfy looking lounge seats encircling the bar. There was a buxom waitress whose goal it seemed to be to ignore absolutely everyone unless they trekked over to her and told her something.She'd stare out into the floor for long stretches, looking for something. Maybe a lost love. Maybe she was thinking about politics.I went up to her after the requisite 7.5 minutes and asked her, "do we ask you fordrinks or do we get them from the bartender?" She said, "I can take your order or you can get them from the bartender!"Warning sign. Anyway I ordered from her and she carded us which somehow made me feel better. Our drinks came after another 7.5 minutes and they were good. We paid cash and expected change because it was more than a typical tip and she said she'd be right back. And we probably wanted another drink. However, she never came back, so after 7.5 minutes waiting for to her to come back after finishing our drinks, we left. And she said as we were leaving, "bye guys! thanks for coming."Felt like theft. So I think that's my definition  of bad service. This is some kind of anti-service game that City Bar is playing that has made me question my reason for existence. They ignore you, and then ignore you extra-hard if you've succeeded in getting their attention at least once.Good for philosophy majors I guess. I don't know for sure because I wasn't one.So many better places to drink alcohol in the world.
3	No complaints, we had attentive service.I wish they served bar food though.
5	Goodtimes, love bartender Nikki, GIlbert, & waitress Rose.
3	OK, so I'm not a big fan of the casino floor bars, but this place is beautiful, well Aria is beautiful, so why would this be any different.  Met some acquaintances who were there for a day.  4 imported beers and 4 mojitos later, the tab was under $80, not bad for good drinks in one of the swankiest casinos in town.  The service was mediocre, but unfortunately something I've come to expect of service in Sin City, where good service seems to be the exception.  Not a bar to spend the night, but perfect for a couple of hours of conversation and to eyeball the chocolate fountain down the hall.
3	OK classy bar within Aria. Expensive cigars and OK service. Really...that's it. Oh the girls there should tuck in their big "ears", it's not sexy nor attractive. It gets old.
4	My favorite bar in the Aria. With a real NYC feel it makes for an awesome atmosphere. They also have some really interesting cocktails. Located on the casino floor in the Aria, its very accessible and in the middle of the excitement. Sleek decor and beautiful people everywhere if your ever at the Aria you cant miss out on this place!
2	Ugh... the servers here BLOW. Very sorry for the choice of words. These servers are either a) seriously young and inexperienced... or b) seriously old and senile. They are so slow and do not know their drinks.  I may be a bit spoiled when it comes to my service at bars... but this type of bar should know their basic drinks... and I shouldnt have to repeat myself twice of what goes in a drink. Nor should a drink that should come in a regular glass... come in a martini glass. I did not ask for a martini! Good thing there are plenty of other bars to chose from at the Aria.
3	Get a little busy with the "business" crowd sometimes. But overall not too bad. Your typical quick stop for a chat and a drink that all casinos seem to have right off their floors.
5	Stopped in for a quick pregamble drink. I chose the "Vegas Baby" and baby, it was good!!! My friend ordered a triple tequila, and she made it a little stronger, didnt go unappreciated!!  Very good service. Awesome place with a great vibe. Love how its separate, but the "walls" are minimal with spots to see through. I know, great description. Just google the pics :)
3	Stopped here to wait for a friend who forgot their ID, she had to run back to the hotel so we wasted some time here. While my party of girls hung out, I lost $20 at nearby slots, service at the slot machine was suuuper slow so I went back to the bar. A long island and 2 bottles of champagne later, she finally got back to us. It made me a whole lot more patient with my group of girls! :-) If you're alone at the bar, people will try to chat you up and be sure to have your ID because my bartender excessively checked mine. Yes, I'm asian and will always look young -_- This place would be boring without my party :-)
4	City Bar sits between a walkway and the casino and is very open, so you can people watch around you.  I sat both at a table and at the bar.  I'm not sure why it got lower reviews here, but I enjoyed my experience here.  It's a nice casual, busy place to people watch, and the drinks are pretty good.  The bartenders were very friendly and nice unlike most casino bars.  I think this is an overlooked bar at ARIA.  No, you're not going to find loads of hotties here, but it is a nice place to take a break.
3	We went to Aria for Haze but after seeing the line we decided to go to City.  It was a $20 cover with open bar until midnight.  The drinks were good, the music was great but the crowd was....interesting.  It wasn't a bad crowd, just different.  My college gf and I relived our 03-07 club days.  I would definitely go back.
4	Quick Tips:1. Located right across the way from Jean Philippe Patisserie and on the casino route.2. The bar itself was open seating when we got there on a Friday night.3. For the life of me, I cannot remember a deliciously fruity drink that my girlfriend loved, but if I recall it was the highlight of our time at the bar.I've had drinks at both Bar Moderno and City bar and I would heartily tell people to head to City Bar rather than Bar Moderno. Though Bar Moderno is definitely for those wanting to be seen or for people watching, City Bar just has better service and better drinks. I don't believe we were ever ignored by the waitress in the very busy room.There was a drink that made a great impression on my girlfriend. It was a fruity drink that was very delicious. Overall, this was a great place to take her since we needed suggestions for cocktails that she would want to drink. The cocktail waitress hit the nail on the head with the suggestion and kept us in good spirits through the night.The only reason this place isn't a five star spot is that it is much harder to feel like you're in the middle of all the action since it is slightly closed off. Still, I would probably head back to City Bar before heading down the way to Bar Moderno again.
4	Full bar, small but intimate. Nice furniture and good place to people watch. Drinks are very reasonable price. Very relaxing, great place just to hang out.
1	This is short and sweet about the service at City Bar in Aria. I'll have preface this by saying that Aria is one of my absolute favorite casinos in Las Vegas because it's modern, doesn't smell like cigarette smoke, and has great options for gambling, eating, and drinking. I truly do love this place.Our group wanted to drink here at City Bar. However, we decided at the last minute or rather within a minute of sitting down to go somewhere else. Mind you the waitress didn't even approach us yet. As our group is getting up, the waitress is walking over and we tell her that we decided to go somewhere else. Her response, "Oh good!" And she walked back to where her co-worker was standing to continue her chit-chatting.We were caught off guard by this because normally the waitress will be more polite. To say it out loud for potential customers to hear is uncalled for. It's not like we ordered a bunch of drinks and changed our mind. We literally walked in, sat down, and then got up. For her to respond in such a rude manner was uncalled for.After we left the bar, others in my group had heard what she said so we agreed to just go somewhere else for drinks and gambling. Some wanted to gamble and drink at Aria, but after that, we were just fine leaving. I, for one, do not appreciate service like that and I'm glad we didn't stay there for drinks considering the  surprisingly rude response we received. I don't mind giving this place another try, but there are other places I'd rather go to first.
2	The only reason why this place is even getting 2 stars is because our seats were perfect for people watching for the lobby.  If you can snag a seat most likely you will still have to go up to the bar to get your drinks. The service was slow from our server and when we finally got her attention for another round she talked down to our group and scolded us for going to the bar for our drinks.  Needless to say the round we did get from her was the worst drink I ever had. Watered down simple syrup. When I told her it was horrible she didn't say a word and took it without replacing it.  Of course we were still charged for it. Her attitude wasn't worth fighting the $18 cocktail.  She never came back to our table the rest of the night.  It's a clean place that does serve drinks. Recommend sticking to beer or wine otherwise you'll get a watered down over priced drink. Grab a seat and relax and watch all the females try to walk in heels in dresses their friends should have told them does not look good.
2	A three star average of this bar comes as no surprise to me since it left a little bit of a sour taste in my mouth - apparently I am not alone. I mean, at what point do you get to break the Vegas rules when it comes to playing at the bar and receiving comped drinks? I'm serious, if someone out there has an answer for me or an explanation/update of the exact rule, please let me know. I always thought that if you post up at a bar, throw some money in the machine and play a little bit, the cocktails should flow semi-freely. Apparently this thought is either foreign here, I was singled out or the bartender missed something during our transaction, which I will admit was brief. So by now I am sure you see where I am going with this but just in case my subtle dance around the point isn't resonating, I was charged $12 for a drink while playing the $1 poker machine at City Bar. The part that burned was when I asked the bartender about it he said "yeah, but you have to play max credits." At this point we both looked down at the machine, which I was up $5 on at the time and was clearly displaying my previous bet of "max." He shrugged his shoulders with an almost "who cares" attitude and told me my total once again. I paid, I played some more and by the time the bartender came back with my change I had zeroed out. So, grand total for a drink at City Bar? $32! Bravo, City Bar, bravo.
1	I stayed Aria more than three times. Love their service, restaurants, casino and such but City Bar... It was the worst service experience I've ever had. My SO and I went there after midnight. It was empty except a group of loud college guys sitting in the corner. The waitress walked passed us several times and wouldn't take our order. A sleazy fat guy with four call girls came in - the waitress was being friendly and attentive. She led them to the couch and took their orders. Uhhhhh, really??! We tried to get her attention and she intentionally ignored us again. The bouncer actually told us to leave without telling us why.We weren't being rude or anything. Just simply trying to get their attention. ;p
