2	Mediocre at best....Stopped by on Saturday for a lunch. They had no grilled chicken available! I know... things happen but when place call itself Peru Chicken and has no chicken available it's like hot dog stand with no hot dogs.Ordered something called Tacu Tacu and plate of Antichuchos and potatoes with cheese sauce for app.Tacu tacu consisted of huge pile of rice/beans mixture and small slab of grilled meat.  No veggies, no pickle... just that. Come on - work on presentation and quantities and you can probably charge $10 for that otherwise it's a fail.Antichuchos - slices of meat on a stick with bland side of corn and undercooked potatoes.  Meat was OK. Sides weren't. Appetizer (I think it was called pappas a la huancaina) - 3 sad pieces of cold boiled  potato served on a styrofoam plate covered with cheesy sauce (cold as well) - $5 is way too much for it.
2	The service was good, but the food was overpriced for what I received. I got a huge pile of rice with some buried beans and three skewers of beef for $12. I did not like the spices on the meat seasoning either.
5	Never had Peruvian food so decided to stop by this small restaurant. The fact that the restaurant was full convinced us to try it out. My family ordered pollo a la brasa (Rotausarie chicken) with excellent taste! Accompanied with a side of white rice and beans, lomo saltado (meat w/ French fries and white rice) excellent taste! The fish ceviche was different than what we are use to but with great taste! For dessert we had picarones that look like mini donuts but they are made of sweet potato and platanos Fritos (fried sweet banana) both very good! To drink my husband order chicha morada (made of purple corn) and he loved the taste. I preferred the maracuya which I believe is made of passion fruit. Excellent!!! Very refreshing. My kiddos loved the soda Inka Kola. In general everything was delicious and next time we are visiting Vegas I will order caldo de gallina (chicken soup). Prices were also reasonable better than the strip.
4	The chicken was very delicious, covered in a bright and savory seasoning. The chicha morada was ok, not as flavorful as some other varieties as I've had. Papa huancaina was a bit disappointing because it came out cold but still was not bad. The meal was also very affordable, a great place for lunch or dinner to go.
5	Great Peruvian food. I had the Chicken & Tallarin Saltado. The restaurant is a little on the small side with a only a few tables available but, its worth going to. They are very personable & the owners check on you to see how everything is. They have only been open for 2 months but, I think they will be very successful and they will be around a long time.
5	Excellent place to enjoy the real peruvian food...no need to wait much time to get your desirable plate...all menus offered are carefully prepared by the owners......I love the "tallarin saltado" made by the young chef named John...
4	Got a whole chicken with rice and beans on the cheap. Loved the flavors and it was enough to feed the three of us, so I'm pleased. Will be eating here again. Want to try everything on the menu. :)
5	Love it here. Small cute little place. Great sized portions. Had the rotisserie chicken with rice and some tasty beans. Also had the lomo Saltado and it was perfect. Love both the sauces and they give you lots to use. Had the donut type dessert. Everything tasted super good. Prices are very reasonable. Will be back for sure.
5	la comida super riquisima ! no se arepentiran ! vayan! se los recomendion 100 perciento!
4	My bad: I had no idea before that papa huancaina is typically served cold. I've only had huancaina at a couple other establishments. I do have to say I liked it better warmer though. Still a great place to eat and not too heavy on the wallet.
5	So far so good. I love the guy that is usually there. I believe he owns it. They just brought in a new girl that I am not to thrilled with. My husband ordered food that was never delivered and in front  of everyone she said he didn't but we all heard him. Even if he didn't, don't argue with your guests they pay to eat your food not the other way around.
