4	I had a mailer coupon for their opening to take 50% off our meal, so the kids and I stopped in for lunch yesterday.  We ordered a lot of food, BLT and Caesar salad for the kids, chop salad and red pepper lobster soup for me, chocolate creme brulee for the kids, it also came with bread and chocolate covered strawberries.  With the coupon, we were still under $10! That was way cool! If I were to consider paying full price for a latter visit the portions were small.  I was really impressed with some of the food (Caesar was freaking amazing, and the soup was surprisingly realllllly good) but disappointed with others (chop was meh, the ingredients weren't fresh enough).  I will come back for a chicken Caesar for sure! and to try other stuff, the sandwiches looked awesome! (When I wanna splurge)  The house made sauces and dressings really make all the difference, they taste amazing and make the meal for sure!
5	WOW! Their grand opening was today & I can't believe how smoothly everything went here! Workers were so friendly & helpful going over different popular items on the menu.  I really liked that they have a huge lit-up menu board outside so you're not just standing there holding up the line while you decide what you want.  The line was out the door but we were up to the front in no time, seriously, these people work FAST!  I ordered the BBQ Pork sandwich & half of a chicken caesar salad with their caramel creme brule AND their million dollar bar.  It was 50% off of everything today so hubby & I went a little crazy.  He ordered the turkey bacon avocado panini, half caesar, clam chowder AND 7 layer chocolate cake.  When we went up to pay & she told us it was $17 including drinks I couldn't believe it, there was sooooo much food! Their fountain drinks are really neat because they have a little section of different syrups to create your own Italian sodas.  Every meal comes with a slice of french bread & a chocolate covered strawberry which I thought is a neat little touch. We absolutely loved our meals, I finished my sandwich & halfway through my salad I was stuffed! I took a bite of the creme brule & that would have to be my only disappointment item of the night.  It was more like a pudding, albeit a very tasty pudding! Prices are VERY reasonable which makes my wallet happy, I foresee many lunches  in my future at Cafe Zupas!
4	My wife and I have already visited twice for their opening and we liked it both times. The salads and soups are probably their best thing to get and the reason to go. More than anything I loved the Mango Berry salad. The sandwiches aren't bad either, but they aren't that great of a deal for what they were. The desserts on the other hand are very mediocre and definitely not worth the prices.We were fortunate enough to go during the opening when we had 50% off our entire order both times, but it seems like a place that may be too expensive to visit without a coupon. The interior is obviously new and is more fancy looking than I expected. Since they serve relatively healthy food that tastes good I had a positive overall first impression.
4	Awesome place. I want to try everything on the menu. I got the crab avocado sandwich and the honey chipotle salad. Salad was meh, but the sandwich was BOMB! All meals come with a chocolate dipped strawberry and bread. Cool atmosphere. I like how they let you sample soups as you're waiting. I tried the chicken enchilada chili soup which was DELISH! I might get that next time instead of a salad. The desserts looked TO DIE FOR, but I was too full to order anything. I will definitely come back. I hope they build one closer to my home.
2	Atmosphere was cool but food was ehhh! I wanted to like it but it didn't taste very fresh! More like packaged lunch meat and salad. Soup was cold and it felt like I was in a cafeteria.
3	Pretty good food looked pre packaged but tasted good. Interesting atmosphere, very modern.
4	Quality cafe located just off bell rd! :)Nice pizzazz, and ordering system is very easily instructed. Super quick, quality soups/salads/sandwiches and even creme brulee and chocolate covered strawberries for dessert! Defiantly see myself returning based off my first visit!(Crab Avocado Melt, Mangoberry Salad, Tomato Bisque)
5	I LOVE CAFE ZUPAS!! Never knew of this place until I got a postcard about their grand opening. Came here the day before grand opening and even though I forgot to use my postcard which would of given me 50% off my meal, I was not bummed at all because at around $5, I got a half very yummy salad, chocolate dipped strawberry and bread!Of course, I told my parents and boyfriend about this awesome place, and we hit up this place the next day. Everyone was very satisfied :) I like to create my own salad, with mangos, strawberries, blueberries, pistachios, chicken...things of that sort.  I've been there 4 times...and I've had a great experience each time. The food is great, the prices are right, and the service is excellent!I would love to try one of their desserts sometime...they look so delicious!Also...I'm not a soda drinker, but for those of you that are...they have this syrup bar right by the soda fountain so you can make italian sodas!! So cool!
4	Very good food and crazy good service! They have like 20 employees behind the counter! It doesn't seem like it would be efficient but they are all very friendly and work together like a well oiled machine. Very smooth service and the soups... Ah the soups. They allow you to test them all! And they are ALL amazing. It was hard to choose just one. The price was a little high for a soup/salad/sandwich place IMO, but hey, gotta pay all those employees! My advice to Zupas: trim down the workers so you can trim a little off the price. My advice to consumers: check it out anyway; this place is good!
5	My entire family LOVES Zupas! Their kids meals are a great deal, desserts are yummy, and everything I've tried has been satisfying & delicious. A great value.
5	We learned about this place shortly after they opened; we saw it driving by on 75th Ave and wondered what it was.  Then my daughter mentioned her friend worked there, so decided to try it out.First, it's kind of cool to have someone waiting at the door and open it for you with a huge smile, hand you a menu and ask if you've been there before.  Our first time, she spent time going over the process with us, even though the place was jumping busy.  Once in line, there were a bunch of people working behind the counter and all were nothing but smiles and great attitudes.  We were through the line quickly with the sandwich and half-salad combo and drinks which came to $22.44.  Not bad at all.  The sandwiches were delicious, the "half" salads were huge and fresh and loaded with goodies and there are a lot to choose from.  I want to try a full salad next time and we have yet to try the soup.  I like the baguette slice and the chocolate dipped strawberry too, nice touch!   Cafe Zupas has become our Friday night dinner place now; our goal is to eat our way through the menu.  And...THANK YOU to all the staff for spectacular customer service.
5	We love Cafe Zupas!!  Every time we come the service is wonderful and the food is even better!!
5	I never knew about this place until a friend of mine mentioned it. So, I checked this place out with another friend for the first time and it turned out to be awesome! I love Cafe Zupas! I ordered the Honey Bacon Club + Roasted Red Pepper and Lobster soup which was d'lish! My friend ordered Turkey Spinach Artichoke + Wild Mushroom Bisque which was also pretty good. I like how soft and fresh the sandwiches are and how the food came with a strawberry coated chocolate. :) Of course, I came back a second time a few days later with my family and tried the Honey Cilantro Carnitas Sandwich. It was sweet and loaded with so much stuff but I loved it!
5	Friendly, helpful staff. Good variety of fresh-tasting sandwiches and salads. $18 for two combo meals. Clean, comfortable, casual.
5	I LOVE this place. Super clean. Fresh and delicious too. The staff is excellent. So far I've had the pesto chicken sandwich (bomb), the lobster and red pepper bisque (double bomb), I sampled the calm chowder (delish). My absolute favorite is the Pina colada salad. You must love coconut though. I've dreamed of that salad. Something about the dressing. Mmmmm. Highly recommended!
3	The service was great (for the most part). There was a young lady holding the door open for customers and helping them with the menu/process, which is nice. The girl working the soup counter was very pleasant, but the group of kids working the salads and sandwiches were kind of rude.The lobster bisque is phenomenal. I like that you can actually get a whole sandwich with a salad or soup for the "You Choose Two" deal. The sandwiches are a lot smaller than the sandwiches at Paradise Bakery, though. I thought that the BBQ Chopped Chicken Salad was delicious.It was $18 for two salads, a whole sandwich and a cup of lobster bisque. Not terrible price wise.
5	We love Cafe Zupas!! We are always greeted at the door by a friendly young lady. The staff has always been upbeat and friendly, they even offered to let me taste the soup before committing. The ingredients used are fresh and tasty. I recommend the Pina Colada salad if you like coconut. We LOVE the Wisconsin Cauliflower soup. It's the bomb.com. And fresh chocolate dipped strawberries?! You really can't go wrong with this place. The desserts are good too. I have been here several times and have never had a less than wonderful experience.
5	Love, love, love this place! Super fresh ingredient signature salads, sandwiches, and soups put together in a thoughtful, creative and tasty way. We are still exploring the menu but have yet to find anything we did not enjoy. The employees are happy and have great pride in the place. Free chocolate dipped strawberries are given with each meal.
3	My boyfriend and I just had dinner here. I have to say, I'm very underwhelmed by the food here. I was pretty stoked to get a tastey but simple sandwich and fresh made soup. Regretfully, I had the grilled cheese and it was quite lacking in flavor. The red pepper lobster bisque, though a tad "clumpy" was quite tasty. I will give Cafe Zupas another shot, but I'm hoping my next choice in sandwich will turn it around for me.
5	Ordered the Honey Cilantro Carnitas, fantastic! Very affordable sandwiches of good portion. Served with a chocolate dipped strawberry.
5	Love all their soups and salads! Wish there was more variety as far as bread/cheese to put on the sandwiches though. All the staff are very friendly. The flavor bar for drinks is super cool too.
5	Had the 'nuts about berries' salad. It was fresh, delicious, & quite large for being a 'half' salad. Their prices are great and the staff was friendly and helpful. I'll be returning for sure!
5	Everything was excellent. I went here yesterday and it was wonderful. The employees are friendly, the food is fantastic, and the restaurant itself looked very nice. And the prices aren't bad either! I'd definitely go here if you're looking for good food and nice scenery.
3	Went for the pesto chicken sandwich today. It was good. Not a fan of the almonds in it though, but you can't do without them on this sandwich. I honestly think the best thing on their menu is the creme brulees. I had the mixed berry and caramel on two separate occasions and they were to die for. The sandwiches are nothing special. I came back and had another crab avocado sandwich and it was okay. I think I liked it so much the first time because it was new.I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend a sandwich here, because they're nothing spectacular. However, they ARE tasty and the atmosphere of this place is cool. I'll come back I'm sure.
2	Clam chowder is too salty. Crab sandwich had a little bit funny taste. Hopefully the salads are better.  I'll come back and try again in a month or so.
4	Ordered the Cuban pork panini and the red pepper and lobster soup. The feel is similar to Chipotle except they serve sandwiches, soup, and salads. They also have dessert. The Cuban was tasty and the soup was just ok, a little too seafoodie. The line moved pretty quick. A good little sandwich place. The million dollar brownie was moist and flavorful. I would go back and try other items.
3	My mum isn't feeling well. Decided to pick her up soup. She likes the soup here and based on reviews, thought I would try.I did like that I was greeted immediately on arriving.  The staff are very friendly and helpful. They alone deserve 5 stars. However, the food NO. Ordered ours to go, as it was already 930pm. Kids combination with a wimpy side of fruit.  (Tasted like they are from cans, not fresh) & was the size of a Chick fil a cup, 2 slender pieces of chicken strip and a kid drink 4$. My Sandwich& Salad combo: Ultimate grilled cheese and nuts and berries salad. 8.30$ and there was nothing amazing or ultimate about the very plain pannini. With my mums soup it was $20.46 and I can say, not nearly what I expected. ..Based on reviews.  I guess I was expecting something with flavor, for that price. I guess the disgusting soft chocolate covered strawberry is what is suppose to make up for it. If my mum wants more soup, I will of course get it for her. I just won't be eating here.
4	Yummy!!Very clean fresh flavors...  Very nice and helpful employees....Definitely will return so I can try something else.  Love the chocolate dipped strawberries.
5	Awesome FRESH food! Service was very tentative and helpful, a great experience all the way around:)
3	My buddy at work was telling me about this place.  He said they had some decent sandwiches and some good soups and salads.  I looked up their menu and their Honey Cilantro Carnitas sandwich sounded awesome.  I decided to stop by to get one.  This is where it went awry.  I walked in and ordered said sandwich.  The guy told me that they were out of all pork.  Whack!   I had to change my choice on the fly and decided to go with a Turkey, Bacon, Avocado sandwich.  Total was just under $6.00.  Not bad.The sandwich itself was alright.  They put it in a press and get it nice and toasty/melty.  The turkey and bread seemed a bit skimp.  There was a decent amount of avocado and the honey mustard spread was tasty enough.  It was an ok sandwich for being something I had no intention of ordering when I walked in.This place could have potential.  It was late when I came in so its understandable they may be out of some stuff.  Ill be back sometime in the future to try out their soups and salads (probably when my wife gets out here because this place is right up her alley).  They give you a chocolate covered strawberry for dessert with your sandwich.  Nice little touch.  3 stars for now and a possibility for more.  Service was friendly enough.  I was just a bit bummed I couldn't get what I originally came for.
4	Honey cilantro carnitas sandwich is amaazing!  The staff needs to turn down the fake sales pitching tho!
2	Usually pick up Soup and salads to go.  Used to be good few months ago when it had just opened but recently since about a month ago they changed their containers and have become very stingy with their portions. You order a medium soup cup but will get only half cup (equivalent to small) I had ordered their Gallon soups too which come in a small bucket (not even close to half gallon).  Same goes with the salads, very less quantity and ingredients.  If you add chicken to your salads you get couple small pieces of chicken (not worth paying extra).  I ordered chicken Enchilada soup, you have to pay extra if you need to sprinkle with half a spoon of cheese or sour cream!!!You need to order 3 salads to make it equal to one regular salad from other restaurants.I had just tried the Glendale location, not sure if all other locations are like that too!
3	First timer. Food was ok. First thing I noticed was the two preparers talking behind my back because I asked for no pesto on the grilled cheese. Said "I guess we should just sharpie that off the menu". Cool little place, but just a but of an immature/elitist staff
