5	We were renting a house near by and wanted to pick up something to take and eat. We saw Bruno's Pizza and thought we would give it a try. First, this is a clean, basic, family friendly pizza place that appears to be family owned. They do have beer and wine for those like myself who enjoy a beer with pizza. We were greeted at the counter by a pair of sisters and Dad. Next, I'm a VERY picky pizza crust person and I'm VERY hard to please when it comes to pizza. They have 2 kinds of crust Neopolitan (Thin) and Sicilian (Thick). I prefer thin and crispy so we went with the Neopolitan. We custom ordered 4 different things on each half. We got the pizza to go and retreated to the rental house. This was one of THE BEST pizza's I have ever had! It was so good we decided to get another one 6 days later. When we walked it, we were again greeted by one of the sisters and Dad. Dad asked if we would like what we had last time. Last time! This was only our 2nd time in the place and he remembered what we had the one other time we were there! Amazing! This will be a regular stop on my visits!I suggest you give it a try and find out for yourself!
4	I am a big fan of Bruno's pizza.  The owner, the employees and th food all are pretty good.  I have been a visitor for quite a long time, first yelp review though.  Bruno's pizza is... PIZZA, not too exciting.  That is their main fare, but they have a done a great job in pairing up simple lunch selection of a slice and wings, or two slices and a drink, or a slice and a salad.  They also will toss you a large pie, but do not overlook the calzone.  It is full of the good stuff. The food is good.  The service and poeple are great and th owner, Bruno, is a great guy that gives back to the community.  He has worked with youth sports, schools and scouts.  This makes this place a class act in my book.
2	A native New Yorker is giving this pizzeria hands down FIVE stars!!  We have been ordering pizza from here for about two years now, and I am NOT disappointed.  I have not tried their sandwiches or their entrees, because I can cook those items at home.  I cannot cook pizza, and this really is New York style pizza.  I like the staff there, they are all nice people.  So, we will continue to order a large pie every Friday or every other Friday evening.      UPDATE:Now my review changes... the owner told us to go over to the Walmart next door and buy a can of anchovies if we wanted anchovies added on top of our pizza, okay he's rude.  But the real clincher that caused us to NOT return anymore and turn my FIVE stars review to 2 stars is that two times the pineapple on top of the pizza was so bad that it tasted fermented!  Like it was turning to wine or beer.  Why 2 times?  Well, everyone has a BAD day so we gave another chance... it happened again.  I'm done.  How sad that my kids like pineapple on their pizza (not me, no thank you), and the entire pizza ruined by bad pineapple. How the heck does pineapple go bad?
4	Just as good ... as back home in Brooklyn!
2	Well let me say the food is good and I like the sandwiches.Pizza is just ok. However, the service is AWFUL! The owner has been dubbed the sandwich Nazi (ala the soup nazi from seinfeld). He is rude, put out by customer simple requests, makes orders not has they come in, but as he prioritizes them. One lunch hour we waited 40 minutes for 4 sandwiches to go even though we called in the order. He did not even start making them until we arrived and then IT TOOK FOREVER!The whole premise of callin in an order is convenience and this was not at all. We have an office nearby and only one person,  out of 10 plus,  will go here anymore.This group ALWAYS goes out to lunch. We go to anywhere else instead and we have to drive past Brunos to get there-Bruno's is almost directly across the street and would be much more convenient. But after dealing with angry customers at our own office, who wants to deal with the angry, ungrateful owner guy?!?! Not us!And to top it off on our last visit he harassed us and asked why we do not come in anymore. Read this dumb@ss!If the man could get out of his own way, his business would be better. Food is Good, Service is an D on his good days and a F on other days.
5	Excellent New York style pizza. It is very authentic. The place is very clean. The owner is always there to make sure things are done right. Can't beat his specials.
5	I call the owner the pizza Nazi. I don't make eye contact in fear of losing my beloved pizza. This is the closest thing to real Manhattan slices I have found here in Az.The young girl is not sooooo friendly as someone mentioned earlier but she is young, what do you want from her? A dance number after you order? Just get your damn pizza and bounce, its well worth it!
4	So I did a Pizza battle royal between Bruno's and NYPD Pizza this week. I ordered the same thing from both and I have to say that Bruno's was a clear cut winner for best Pizza Place in the Goodyear area.I did not expierience a service issue while waiting for my pizza and wings for takeout.They offer combo specials unlike NYPD and overall was about 10 dollars cheaper at Bruno's for a large with wings (40 at Brunos, 12 at NYPD) both Large Pepperoni pizzas. Not to downgrade NYPD at all I feel they deserve 4 stars as well because of the better tasting pizza, the obvious wings edge would have to go to Bruno's Pizza. Appearance goes to NYPD.The Value edge would go to Bruno's and thats why I feel it's the best in Goodyear.
4	It has been awhile since I have been to Bruno's but after reading some of the reviews, I wanted to put in my 2 cents. I love the pizza. Never had anything but pizza here. Whenever I went in, Bruno was there.  Always very nice to me and even comp'd a few beers here and there while I was waiting for my pizza.  Better than a chain anyday. Thanks Bruno!!
1	Ordered from Brunos tonight for take-out.  Pizza was quick but no customers there on a Friday night.....hmmm, maybe a good reason for NO CUSTOMERS!  I am sure the crust was made from OLD dough...a sign that the shop is not getting enough business and is using days OLD dough for its pizzas, hard as a rock...gross!  We also experienced the pizza nazi tonight...must have been the jack-ass owner!  I almost jumped over the counter and kicked his ass as he was scowling at me...please note, no smiling, not appreciative of you spending money in his place! He's lucky I was hungry!  Yeah, we won't be going back......
1	went back recently, same b.s.
5	Loved the thin pizza! Had the right crisp, not too much but not missing! Tasted as advertised... NY pizza! Staff is friendly as well! They also serve beer on tap surprisingly enough.
2	Service was fast n friendly and had the family owned feel ! My review is more toward the food side; The pizza seems to be a big hit with most but not my type of flavor. It wasn't gross by any means but we ARE in the search for the BEST pizza in town so I'm prob being too critical.  Reminded me of Sbarro 's pizza.
5	Friendly staff. Nice, clean atmosphere.  Good pizza!
2	Not sure what everyone is raving about. Prices are good, but the pizza is bland. About the same crust as a NY-style pizza, but it's no where near as good as the real thing in NYC.  Tried some of their wings also.  I like that they really douse them in sauce, but they're small, tough, and fairly poor on the quality scale as far as chicken goes.  I won't be going back.
5	Awesome pricing, friendly employees, and most importantly the food is really good! Came here with my son and my boyfriend. The two of us ordered the special with two slices of pizza and a drink and my son had one of my slices of pizza. The slices are pretty big and we were all full when we left. Definitely coming back here again :)
5	Fast, friendly service!!  Just moved to the neighborhood and have been here three times!  Great calzones, good pizza and I love the conversation with the staff!  They are very friendly!
5	I happen to be in the area and ended up eating at Bruno's. All I can say is omg! The prices are very reasonable, and I loved the pizza. I think the best part was the crust :) I would definitely eat here again!
1	I gave this place a 1 star because a zero rating was not an option. The pizza tasted like it came out of the microwave, they must use imitation cheese. If McDonald's served pizza it would taste exactly like this! Very surprised this place is still doing business, and serving this nonsense to the public.Brunos is to pizza what Taco Bell is to Mexican Food.
4	The owner of this place is a no-nonsense entrepreneur. The pizza is definitely New York style. Like the kind that you would buy by the slice in New York City. The prices are good, and the taste is really nice. This is a no-frills restaurant. The only drawback of this place is that the girls at the register have no idea what they're doing for the most part, and are constantly either talking to each other or playing on their cell phones. But I am willing to deal with that for really good pizza.
3	The pizza was okay. It was crafted well and looked the part, but was fairly bland. I probably will not order their again, but I set my pizza bar pretty high and I'm looking for a must have type of place.
1	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and was disappointed. Went in around 630 and the place was dead. They had 3 teenage kids working, a girl at the register and 2 boys doing the cooking. The girl at the counter wasn't very friendly at all and showed no emotion although the boys were pretty friendly. Our food took about 20 min as we ordered it to go. The pizza was ok, tasted like a microwaveable pizza and the wings we ordered were very small and looked like the frozen wings you buy at the store. Had the barbecue sauce and mild sauce and both were ok( hard to mess up barbecue sauce) and the ranch sauce the have gave us had no taste and very very watery. I must say the price we paid for was fairly good but not enough to go back. Tailgaters or Barros is way better!!!
