5	normal hair cuts are about $20.  they know what they are doing and use a hot lather at the end to shave your neck.  i've been going for about 10 years.   normal guys should feel right at home here! a true barber shop.  never a long wait for a walk in either.
5	WOW! These guys are a class act. Not only was I insanely impressed with my haircut, but I was beyond impressed with their customer service and attention to detail. If you're looking for a barber I highly recommend these guys.
5	If you're a guy looking for "barber shop" atmosphere and prices - but - you want a place that knows the classic and current hair trends, then you need to head to Gio's and ask for Nodari. The guy knows his stuff and can talk about just any subject - smart guy. I've followed him from V's to Gio's and would drive to Tucson if I had to. Whether you are 20 or 60, or anywhere in between, Nodari honestly is the best. If I didn't like their prices ($19 for great cut, neck shave, massage if you want it), I'd tell Nodari he's cheating himself by not going to the big ticket places where he could make a bundle. I'm not a relative or a friend, simply and honestly just a customer that - when I find the right service level and ability - I stick by it and spread the word. Try the place out, ask for Nodari, and then come back to Yelp and let us all know what you think. I'm the guy that says "I dare you to post a negative" - I'm that sure you'll have a great experience and put my word on it.
4	A Real Barber Shop for Real Men.  I really enjoyed my first cut at Gio's. The place looks like an old time barber shop, no frills, not pretty, just a great place to get your hair cut.  I came here because my long time barber (Nodari) just moved here from one of those big pretty boy chains.  You get good conversation a good cut and a reasonable price here and they even have a hot towel for you if you want one.  I will be back soon.  Ask for Nodari and if it is your first visit, use the $5 off coupon I used.  I found the coupon on the web at www.GiosBarber.com  Hairs to you,  Cheers.
5	First time trying this place, but I will definitely be back.  Olesya does an excellent job and was good for conversation as well!
