5	A longstanding Edinburgh tradition, Valvona and Crolla is an awesome delicatessen, with an amazing array of food and drink. From gorgeous cheeses and cold meats to rare Greek brandies that you can't buy anywhere else in Edinburgh, the experience of V&C is one to savour, slowly. And keep your eye on how much you're spending - you get what you pay for, which is reliable quality in every purchase.
5	If the house in Hansel and Gretal really existed and it was made out of Italian meat and cheese rather than sweets and chocolate- Valvona and Crolla would be it. I bet you even the wallpaper in this place tastes good. Valvona and Crolla deserves its reputation as a landmark in Edinburgh with produce this good. The cafe area upstairs is great if you're looking for some crostini or a nice salad but I'd recommend you just spend your money on tasty treats to take home. More than just a deli, this place is really special. Just read 'Dear Olivia' if you're looking to be sucked in even more. I love it here.
4	I really like this place. Great variety of cheese and deli meats. A little pricey but good quality foods!
5	My wonderful Grandmother often hops on the train to Edinburgh to take her poor student granddaughter (me) out for lunch. Valvona and Crolla is the top of our list for an afternoon of playing ladies who lunch.The menu covers a range of Italian dishes that are far more exciting than your average pizza and pasta affair, the range is so vast that it will satisfy even the pickiest of eaters. The food is fresh, delicious and well priced. But the real icing on the cake at Valvona and Crolla is the desserts. You must save room in that already satisfied belly as you will not be disappointed. I insist you try the Chocolate Torte, which is in fact a little slice of heaven served beautifully on your plate. The last time we visited my dear old Grandmother charmed the young waiter into giving us the most gigantic slices of Chocolate Torte I've ever seen, I swear my thighs are still carrying it around.  But it is so worth it. The combination of the great service and fantastic food make Valvona and Crolla well worth the visit (and the calories).
5	WOW.Now this is what I call a deli! They have so much on offer, I can barely contain myself. All I can say is, cheese of the week, shit hot salami, anchovy paste, homebaked bread, Italian biscuits and chocolate; fine wines and beers from around the world. The shelves in here are tall and packed full of food that's rich, fresh, delicious but also really good for you!Kicks Peckhams in the butt, and I never thought I'd say that. It feels like a betrayal, but it has to be said. Never seen a deli like this. The biggest dill pickles I've ever seen, and the chocolate treats! There are no words. Just go and see for yourself. As good as the food is, it's so healthy you'll probably win back ten years of your lifespan.
5	I used to come in here when I was but a small slip of a thing (and I'm still vertically challenged to this day), and survey with roving, greedy, wee eyes all the delightful edible Italian delicacies. Valvona & Crolla seemed neverendingly big and full of everything then, and I think to an extent it still feels that way now. My family still come here to buy their pasta and parmesan, and have been doing so for more years than they probably want to be reminded of. To summarise all my nostalgic warbling, this Italian deli is absolutely legendary, and has that comforting, family run atmosphere to it that makes you come back again and again.The tall shelves behind the long counter display a vision boggling array of goodies, and give V&C that feel of tradition and a long history of successful business. Choose from every pasta under the sun, amazing bread, cheese galore, coffee, salamis and meats, and of course, a brilliant selection of wine. Friendly Italian banter, plus every Italian culinary product you could wish for, make this deli just awesome.
4	During my first visit to Valvona and Crolla at Elm Row, I was repeatedly amazed by the sheer size of the place! Having walked down the street a couple of times, I had no idea this store was as expansive as it is impressive; the exterior does certainly doesn't brag!As if the endless counters of cheeses and cold meat cuts, followed by shelves of pasta and olive oil weren't enough, right at the rear of this deli is a cafe! It's quite generously sized as well, with a unique menu of antipasti, focaccias, pizzas and pasta! For the prize, and sheer effort put into the menu, I'd say this place is more of a restaurant than a cafe! Their focaccias aren't so pricey, and the one I had there, with the "paesano" sausage was.. drool... delish!
4	Foodgasm is all I can say about this deli, which I've discovered is just across the street from where I live!In business since 1934, this is by far the most impressive Italian deli I've ever been to! It was quite busy when I ventured in, after having walked past several times over the last few weeks. I have the feeling valvona and crolla has a loyal clientele, which would explain the lack of an interesting exterior; if I stocked half of what they did, I would be advertising in every corner of Edinburgh! My friend and I were bamboozled by the amount of cheese, pasta, cold meat, desserts, chocolate, oil, wine, and many other fantastic things. For the free samples of olive oil and parmesan we picked up to taste, we held a moment of silence. I'd rejoiced, bitter-sweetly, about not having a Peckhams nearby to drain my bank account, but I think this place is even worse!
4	This has to be Edinburgh's number one deli. This little place is absolutely packed with sauces, wines, cheeses and meats. The front of the shop is quite narrow and is filled with Italian foods and has fresh meats and cheeses on offer at the deli. Behind the deli the high wall is dominated by a whole range of bottles. Indeed, it is so high that the staff don't use a ladder to get a bottle down, but instead use a gripping device....I would be very nervous indeed using that, many bottles would end up smashed on the floor if it was me! The shop is full of tempting smells and the smell of fresh bread always leads you to the back of the shop. And there you find a large selection of Italian wines, a lot of very good red wines. A good bottle of red, with some fresh bread and cheese...I would say that's a good shop!
5	I purposely sought this place out when deciding where to eat on a Sunday afternoon. They're cafe hours are slightly restrictive, so we had to rush over, but it was worth it.I last visited Valvona & Crolla when I was 12, with family, to get some supplies for a home-made Italian meal. When I walked back in last Sunday, 13 years later, it hasn't change one bit - and for the better. Don't be fooled by the small, unassuming and slightly run-down looking exterior. It'd be easy to walk by. But once you're inside, a cavernous deli and fresh-veg haven awaits you. It was established in the 1930s and it seems it has lasted for nearly 100 years due to the divine and authentic Italian deli produce.I won't harp on too much. Basically, the deli is vast and delicious. Come here if you want to buy some top-quality ingredients from a traditional deli, rather than the main-stream and slightly more expensive (and probably lesser quality) counters in Jenners etc.I did actually visit for the cafe. As I said, the hours are restrictive. It closes at 3.30pm on a Sunday which is quite early.  However, the food lived up to expectation and wasn't overly pricey. I had the Polish Ham, cheese and mushroom foccacia: mm, mm, mmmm. Coupled with fresh-squeezed orange juice and real-leaf tea. Wonderful.Only down-side is the decor of the cafe is a little uninspired. It's a big area, but the tables and decor is very circa. mid-90s British cafe. It seems to lose all romance and authenticity of the Deli only a few steps away. So not exactly the perfect setting for a romantic date. But for amazing, delicious, authentic Italian cuisine this is one of Edinburgh's best kept secrets.
5	I went here with a couple of Italians (they're like accessories, you should always bring them to a deli), and had an absolutely amazing time. The cafe, all the way in the back of the deli serves delicious sweets and cafe. No, not coffee, vero cafe, espresso, cappuccino and all the way they should be.The deli-meats were delicious. I miss my mortadela something awful when I'm not in Italy (unfortunately that's most of the year) so coming here and seeing this beautiful meat displayed, well, I simply couldn't resist.I batted my eyes at the meat-counter man a couple of times and hey presto, mortadela slices to taste for me and my friends. (Italians, I love them).This is the type of deli that I've come to know and love back in the Northern part of Italy. I've missed it, as we don't really have that many of them in the Netherlands, but finding one here was like finding the One Ring. (Only, maybe a little less .. orcy).I highly recommend you go here, I also highly recommend you leave your credit card at home. Otherwise your rent-money may just end up as mortadele-meat.
4	I have only been here about 2 times in a year and a half, but it's not hard to tell that Valvona and Crolla have something special and different than other stores don't have. Thumbs up for providing good produce that is nearly impossible to find elsewhere in Edinburgh. There is a range of different wines in the back, and more meats/cheeses type thing in the front. Not to mention, baskets full of delicious pastries and breads. So, I obviously had to get an Almond Croissant. ...It was delicious. If I lived closer, I know I would have a peek in more often, but it's great to go into, especially if you love cooking and italian food. You might find that special ingredient you're looking for! I know that there is an upstairs caffe as well, but so far I haven't managed to eat there. Next time!
4	Fancy a treat? Get yourself in here and indulge! The deli is a true feast for the senses ... then go round the corner for the fresh bakery and the bottle shop, then up some steps for the kitchenware shop and the cafe. My Grandma shopped here in the 1930s and always sang its praises - and I can see why!
4	Mortadella, arancini, pecorino ... boy, this shop is amazing. Don't go when you're feeling skint, though - its pretty expensive! Fabulous, and worth the money, but I have come out a bit shell shocked after everything got added up at the till...There's every type of pasta, meat, cheese or Italian liqueur you could ask for, and some nice pre-made quiches and sandwiches too. And if you're peckish there's always a range of olive oils out for tasting, with little bits of bread to dip. That's where you'll find me, oil dribbling down my chin...
4	Was delighted to get gift vouchers for here for my birthday and had so much fun spending them :0) I bought their own brand prosecco which is delicious and highly recommended. Also stocked up on pasta, olive oil and chocolate.  The shop is so nice to just have a wander around.
5	Love the rosetta rolls and the bombolini. Some of the food is very pricey but you get what you pay for, I suppose. I tend to buy one or two very special things to accompany other bits and pieces from the supermarket. It is somewhere that quality matters.
4	I had a pasta dish in the caffe bar for lunch when I met an old friend with whom I used to work in San Francisco before she moved back to Edinburgh. Valvona & Crolla was someplace I had on my Edinburgh food list to try not only for its caffe bar, and wonderous selection of deli meats, cheeses, and wines but because it was mentioned in one of Andrew McCall Smith's Isabel Dahousie novels. The fact that it was 2 blocks from the B&B I was staying in was also a factor.Good meal, good company, and I'll have to return one day to pick up some picnic supplies.
5	AMERICANS and ITALIANS who appreciate lasagne that has not been pre-cooked... this is your savior. Not even Lupe Pinto's my favorite little shop in the universe has lasagne that has not been pre-cooked. I will not explain myself to you UKers who say "But who cares if it's pre-cooked"? "It's the meat and cheese that matter""What is the difference?" or my favorite, "I can't taste any difference". You and your bad opinions are wrong. You know what? I feel the same way about instant mashed potatoes (not true, but using for effect) - how do you like THAT? Valvona and Crolla has many, many good attributes, which everyone else has already written about. So I am here to tell you about Valvona and Crolla... the only place in Edinburgh to get un-pre-cooked lasagne.
3	Valvona and Crolla is definitely all about the space - or lack thereof. As you walk through the door, you gasp with surprise as you take in the shelves stuffed up to the ceiling, and everything else that is suspended from the sky. Deli counters about, and after winding your way around the counters, looking at frou frou oil, frou frou jam, frou frou chutney, frou frou... you get the picture, you find yourself in a lighter, brighter space, ready for eating. It's perfect, you have been lured into the lair of the coffee woman. It's not cheap, but it's delicious, we shared an antipasti dish complete with char grilled vegetables, mozzarella and olives, fat and juicy. We drank from Italian soda cans. We ate some lovely orange semolina cake. We paid the high prices, and didn't regret it. So it's not an every day kinda place, and the setting in the cafe is spartan, we did still have a lovely time there, so I'm perfectly happy to recommend it.
1	I had not visited this store for several years as, despite the interesting and varied selections of food and drink on offer, I always found the service to be poor.  Today I was passing and decided to call in for some cheese and bread.  Once in the shop I waited for some while vainly hoping to attract attention from an assistant at the cheese counter. Eventually I gave up and went to pick up some bread.  I then returned to the deli counter where I waited for a few minutes while the assistant served two people.  As she finished serving the second I thought that I was on the point of being served - I was wrong.  Instead she went to the second till and proceeded to ring through purchases made by people who had joined that queue in the time I waited to be served at the cheese counter.  The queue was finally dealt with at which point the second person who had been on the tills wandered off and the original assistant came and served me.  She cut, weighed and wrapped the pieces of cheese and then headed off to serve another person who had joined the queue after she started to serve me.  When I suggested she might want to take my money first she said that there were only two people on.  At that point I laid my prospective purchases down and left the shop.  I will not be back.The shop does have a good selection of, pretty expensive, food and drink but there service is something of a joke,.
4	A cute little Italian gourmet shop. Totally unexpected to find in Scotland. Good variety of wines and beer too. Cheeses, meets, pasta, sauces. They have it all. With a little bistro in the back. Outside of the more touristy areas and not as easy to find but definitely worth a visit!
4	Had a lovely lunch today at Elm Row.  Really impressed with the aftercare. Had two waiters who had style and grace. They both had well groomed breads.  I was hungry after my mains and had a roast potatoes side at the end of the meals! Completely back to front! They didn't skip a beat. They were delicious as was the polenta, rocket and pine nuts mains I had before. The sauce on my dish was gorgeous. Can't place it, love the mystery. It didn't matter as I nearly wanted to lick the plate!  My friend had a aubergine dish. She loved hers. Thankyou. Happy New Year!
