4	This is a great place to go on what I like to call a "lazy day."  You can grab your food, hang out on the internet, and really just take your time.  It is where I go when I want to grab something healthy, but delightful.  They could be a little more giving on their portions of salad dressing and mix it a little better.  It seems inconsistent, leaning toward the lighter side.  Also, it gets packed during lunch and walking space is tight.  It can get overwhelming from time to time, but that's the price you have to pay to get good eats sometimes.
4	I love Panera in general and like this location. I've been on a low carb kick for a log while and it's pretty hard to eat here when you're on a low carb diet. Since  I completed my marathon, I've been indulging a bit. I love the Fontega Chicken with either creamy tomato or broccoli cheddar soup (Pick Two). There are many great options though. However, how is the big kids Grilled Cheese adult priced? This location gets busy but not so busy that you can find a seat. The people are friendly as well. All-in-all, a great spot to east lunch and a decent place for an early dinner.
4	The other week I stopped in here for coffee & a cookie.  For 2 PM on a Friday, this place was hopping!  Getting in & out of the parking lot was an issue, since this location shares space with a strip mall. The employees are really nice & quick with your order. I got a caramel latte, which tastes just as good as Starbuck's caramel machiatto. I also got the "m&m" type cookie. It was huge!  I don't feel bad about paying $2+ for a cookie & $3+ for a coffee when the portion/size are big. Their menu is pretty extensive...coffees, pastries, baked goods, salads, & sandwiches. You quite possibly could have a different meal, all at different times of the day.There's plenty of seating & employees are good about cleaning off tables when customers leave.
5	I visit at least once a week & every visit is a great one. Even on evenings where almost every table is occupied, the feel is never one of overcrowding. My favorites are the Steak Chili & Caramel Latte...Highly Recommended!!!
5	Always good service and consistent food quality. I also like the calorie postings as well as seasonal change up of menu items. Check out the hidden menu online. The power chicken hummus bowl is a great low cal, low carb option.
4	I love this Panera.  It is one of my favorites and the husband and I only like going to this one as their food is always fresh.  This location has also started the new system of delivering food to you, which is nice not having to wait at the pick up counter any more and wondering if it's your food or not that's out.  Great place and location.The only negative is that trash seems to pile up a bit.  As in the plates and bowls and trays tend to over flow and is not a pretty sight.  Also the staff can use a personality injection at times.  Or just smile.  I know it sucks to be in the food service industry but please don't make me want to leave because you are being a negative nancy.
5	Nothing but praise for Panera. The food is always spot on. Love the salads, sandwiches, paninis and baked goods. Honestly have never had a bad dish or experience at Panera.Also love their new ordering system. Order online and its ready when you get there. I'm a big fan of Panera.
3	I have had both breakfast and lunch there.   The food is fairly good,  but they tend to skimp on the meat.   My breakfast sandwich only had two striping bacon on it,  so it was mostly bread.   The 1/2 soup sandwich deal was filling and reasonably priced.   However I used the new kiosk and still have not received my email recipt to turn in at work.
1	Worst service ever since they changed to electronic ordering!! I was 5 minutes away and wanted to place an order to go over the phone so I called in, much to my surprise they have a new phone ordering system where I was directed to some call-center who knows where. I was then told I would need a credit card to place an order, understandable if I was ordering lunch from my office or at home but in this case I was in the car driving so I do not have access to my credit card. I was told I would have to place the order in the store, as I arrived there were 20 people in line some trying to figure out how to use the electronic ordering system. I figured it would be easy so I tried, swiped my credit card, and I was told I placed the order incorrectly and was told I would have to place it again. not only was I in a rush at that point I would have to speak to a manager to get the credit from the first order that I placed incorrectly. Then someone tried to explain it to me, i didn't want a lesson, i wanted her to correctly take my order. So they're "efficient "electronic ordering system has delayed me getting to work By 30 minutes, I left with the incorrect order so that I did not have to place another order and wait to be refunded. What a headache and what poor customer service. They offered me a complimentary drink for my hassle, I just laughed and left. What I really wanted was my correct order, and the computer/iPad isn't going to do it. Save yourself some time in the morning and stick with good old fashion Starbucks or local places like Rocky River Coffee, where they know that customer service is done face to face and will make a true effort in making your order right.
4	For this place to be in such a prime location I was surprised how easy my entire experience was! I decided to order from my lunch from the Panera app. The ordering process was easy all my special requests were fulfilled correctly. I went with the Pick 2 and chose the Italian Combo and Cobb salad with chicken and avocado. Both were delicious...as usual! And not to mention that the customer service here was great! Everyone I encountered during my visit was extremely polite and accommodating.  Sure, parking can be a bit of a pain, especially during their busy hours but if I'm out on this side of town again I can definitely see myself stopping in!
5	Far and away this is my office's favorite lunch place. The salad selection is so large that you can have something different every day and still eat healthy. Their healthy choice of Apple for a side really helps too.
2	we frequent Panera Bread in Charlotte all the time. this is our first bad experience at any of them. I had the half Tuna and half Greek salad. The Salad barely had any olives and Feta cheese. I felt ike I was having a Lettuce salad. My daughter's soup of cream and wild rice was lumpy and my Nephew's chicken soup was cold. I dont know if I would ever go back to that particular location but they definitely lack the consistency of the other Panera Breads.
2	I just went there today during my girlfriend's lunch break. We both got the pick 2 and sharing one large lemonade drink and the total was a little over $20. I say it is quite pricey for my range, especially whenever the quality was not the best. My sandwich was quite small, seems like a 5 inch size. The bread tasted like cardboard, it seemed like it was toasted which it was not because it was cold and my cheese did not melt one bit so I am assuming it was suppose to give you a fresh taste to the sandwich. The soup was good but salty and I felt like it was more like a sauces dish than a soup. It went well with the roll that came with it but if you eat it individually, it is not good one bit. I cannot even describe the depressing experience this was. Of course, we had a take out order so they even messed up on my girlfriend's soup, giving us both the same soup when we actually ordered different ones. The environment seemed nice and ordering from their tablet looking device was a good experience. The lemonade however seemed really fresh, just a bit too sour to be drinking a large drink. I might give it a second chance but not anytime soon.
2	I can't even guys, I mean really.  There were people huddled around the front door smoking.  The service was slow, they give these thin little slices of bread when you pay for extra bread and get a COLD lil tiny slice.
4	You have to try the autumn squash soup!!!Now....I hate squash! But for some reason I wanted to try this & I am glad I did!It's excellent!!!!!!!
3	Food was good as always but the cooking staff was incredibly rude when we asked for extra peppers. Nothing worse than rude people.
