2	I was in Phoenix on a business trip with 3 fellow workers this is where the company booked us since the Hilton was full. Well to start, the lobby and restaurant are under construction at this time. I'm sure it would have been alot better once that is completed. I didn' t get the roach roommate the other reviewer had, and would say it was cleaned well enough daily. The breakfast is served from 7-10 each morning and is much better than many free ones I have seen. Coffee, juice, milk, fresh fruits, cereals, bagels, breads and toaster to use, oatmeal and one morning even had waffle you could cook. Very average at this time.
4	Conveniently located near the airport. Nice lobby...free internet, coffee & prints, friendly staff ...5 stars to Chandler...offered a shuttle ride to downtown Tempe and prompt pick up too.
4	This is probably the best Courtyard that I've ever stayed at and I've been to quite a few.  This was place was remodeled within the past year or so and they've really taken Courtyard up a level in terms of quality.  Here's the highlights:* They have finally added a bar to the lobby area as well as a small restaurant that serves some pretty good food.  For people like me who prefer to stay in after a long day working on the road, I was absolutely thrilled that they've made these additions.  You can also take the food / drinks back to the room with you, as I don't believe they have room service yet.* The lobby area in general is nicely furnished with lots of comfy seats and a few computers with Internet access and printing.* The courtyard has a nice outdoor pool and a bunch more chairs for hanging out and relaxing.* The Market is still there with snacks and beverages available 24/7, with beer and wine sold until 4 AM at this location.My only complaint about this place was the speed of the wi-fi.  Granted it's free but it was embarrassingly slow.  I couldn't even play a video on YouTube at the lowest quality setting without it constantly having to pause and rebuffer.  I ended up hooking my laptop up to my Droid X smartphone and using it as a modem and speed there was considerably faster.  Hopefully this gets improved sometime soon.
4	The hotel is up to date and the staff is extremely friendly. The hotel is close to ASU, which means it's close to places to eat and things to do, as lomg as you are willing to drive. The on site restaurant is pretty good, the downside is that they do not deliver to rooms. It is possible to call down and order dinner for pick up.
4	This is my regular stop on my way back home.  I always feel safe and am grateful for the shuttle as I like to return my rental car the night before as I always take the earliest flight back to the East Coast and dont want to monkey with returning the car at 4 am.The rooms are clean and updated and the restaurant has some quick choices if I forgot to grab something before returning the car.
4	The Courtyard Phoenix Airport is a really nice hotel. It has modern furnishings and decorations throughout. The hotel itself is very clean. The staff was friendly and helpful.  We stayed here after missing a connecting flight and had a very pleasant stay.
3	HotelNeeding a centralized place to crash with some members of my group, we chose the Courtyard Phoenix.I tend to prefer the Hyatt chain but Marriott is usually my second choice.  The place was affordable and check in was a breeze.Room was good- not outstanding, but good.  Specifically the bathroom sink was barely draining and the air/heat unit came on with such a loud bang that it woke my ass more than once.Bed was comfy and the free wifi was speedy enough - so no complaints there.All in all a good experience save for the exceptions above.Friendly help all around the place too.Parking all around.
4	You can write the same review about this hotel that you can about any of the refreshed Courtyards. Very good hotel. Close to the airport. Great service.
5	The hotel staff at this hotel have been amazing. Above and beyond. After a flight cancellation, then a delay and a  missed connection, I was forced to stay overnight in Phoenix. All I wanted after spending all day at airports was a shower and a clean bed. The room is large, clean, and more than adequate. But it was the staff that have made the end of a hellish travel day more than bearable.  There was the free freshly baked cookies from the bar/restaurant hostess. And there was the front desk clerk (Mara?) who drove me down the street to pick up sundries.Unexpectedly awesome service.
5	A prompt hotel van picked us up within 5 minutes of calling from the airport. The young man was pleasant and talkative. The hotel was literally 5 minutes from the airport, so that was convenient. The hotel lobby was clean, modern, bright and the young woman at the checkin desk had a 5 star attitude, very welcoming and accommodating.We were swiftly and pleasantly checked in, offered a $10 comped breakfast and a ride to downtown Mill Street for dinner (which was a NOT MISS if you have to stay in Tempe for a night! Lively, fun, lots to see!), as recommended by the young woman, since the hotel did not offer a full service restaurant. We dropped off our bags and immediately hopped onto the shuttle bus, which the young woman was driving as well! She gave great conversation and recos on where to eat, and that she would pick us up within 15 minutes whenever we wanted to come back.  Great customer service!For breakfast, I highly recommend the breakfast burritos - eggs, bacon, potatoes, cheese, avocado, with a side of salsa and fruit. Best breakfast we had in weeks, and very filling!Would HIGHLY reco this specific hotel, and probably this brand, if they are all run like this one!
3	Nice place, pool, wifi, with nice,basic rooms. The Bistro concept in the lobby is not working for me. Unlike most Courtyards, there is no free coffee here, you have to buy.  Only one person works the counter, so when you are rushing to appointments or the airport, the wait is far, far too long. Plan accordingly.
4	Courteous staff, clean rooms.Kenny helped us after long delays and even though the network was down he was able to accommodate me within a reasonable time. Too bad the network was down, most places have an IT group to call in times of need. This just slowed the process down by about 15 additional minutes.The room was large enough and had everything you'd expect from a hotel. Good air conditioning, nice plump pillows, clean floors and clean sheets. The shuttle makes trips to the airport every half hour, they accommodate the air flight staff before guests. So beware; they might tell you one thing but they'll take it back as soon as air flight attendant customers request their needs. Shuttle was suppose to leave at 5am, people waiting for the shuttle. It's 5am and here come all the crew, "oh, the other shuttle will be here in five!"So yeah, it was there 7 minutes later and it didn't set me back at all. Just kinda upsetting, know what I mean!Overall 4 stars
4	Sweet pool and pretty nice fitness center although it's small. They also have a lot of other quality food and drinks but at a pretty high price however. Nice staff and very clean and well maintained rooms. They have free wifi or you can pay extra for high speed internet. Nice flat screens in the rooms and desk to do work. Also the rooms have balconies with chairs to lounge.
4	Nice airport hotel (offers shuttle to/from PHX) with nice, clean rooms and friendly service. The pool was also the perfect temperature, the area around the pool gets VERY slippery and the pool floor is very grainy (at times it felt like sandpaper on toes :( ). The lobby is nice, they offer cucumber water in the lobby and have plenty of tables with seating to eat or hang out
5	The best staff that I have ever encountered at a hotel.  Overly accommodating and even offered me a Fiesta Bowl preview.The room was great!  It looks slightly dated inside but the rooms are so clean it didn't bother me at all.  I definitely recommend this for your overnight stay!
