4	Long live China Gate! If there was a mecca of Chinese food for me in Arizona, it was China Gate which was torn down in the construction of Metro Center to make way for a Petsmart, Bed Bath and Beyond, Subway, Blockbuster, and Starbucks. No joke.It was finally resurrected in a strip mall (by another Starbucks) on the west side with a shorter menu and much better atmosphere then ever before. It is located in this satellite piece of the strip mall right at the corner of the intersection. It is still a nice place to eat even though its in a strip mall because of some great interior design. Although the floorplan of the place is a little awkward with a bar area and dinning room with a big tv when you walk in and another dining area down the hall. They have the equipment to do karaoke in the front section on the tv, but I don't know if they ever actually do it unless you have a party there.But the food is the best part. It is on the Americanized side but you are eating Chinese food in Phoenix, AZ. It's hard for me to get anything other then the Mongolian there which is incredible. Most people get it with Pork, but it is also awesome with their deep-fried tofu. They also have awesome spring rolls, but they aren't quite as good as they were when they were China Gate.They have lunch specials still but they aren't as mind-boggling as they were at China Gate. At china gate, you got a full dinner plate, fried rice, soup, and an egg roll for 5.50. Now you get a slightly smaller sized main dish, rice, soup, a tiny salad with sesame dressing, and some wonton action for like 6.75. But still overall, its one of the few great independent places on the west side along with Mike's Rigatoni Bistro and Touch of Thai.
5	I love Chinese food and have had a hard time finding a great place since Far East closed! China Grill is delicious! The portion sizes are large....you get your moneys worth that is for sure! Not only do you get large portions, the quality is above the rest. I highly recommend the China Grill!!
4	Thanks to Amanda B. for the 411 on this place! It is just what we were looking for -- good, fresh, quality Chinese food, close to home. Not only that, the dining environment is really comfy and welcoming too.To start, we have some egg rolls and devil wings. The egg rolls appeared to be rolled in house, were flavorful, piping hot and stuffed with crunchy cabbage and a little pork. The devil wings didn't quite live up to their name. The come out "naked", and you drizzle on your own sauce. I think they would've been better tossed in the sauce before they came out of the kitchen.We shared the house lo mein, which is lo mein noodles with chicken, shrimp, and beef. The noodles has just the right amount of chewiness, and were even crispy in some spots. All of the meat was really high quality - tender beef, chicken breast, and shrimp that pop when you bite them. The veggies were nice and bright, and cooked to perfection.I'm stoked! The only bummer, is that I'm slightly out of their delivery range. However, they are good enough and close enough that I would drive to pick it up.
3	I want to love it, but all I can must is that I like it.  The reason that I want to love it is for the service.  The people are wonderful and attentive.  They are always there, they work hard, they are so friendly that it's hard not to love the atmosphere.  They do a great job of making you feel like you're at home.   I live just down the street and it's a great community restaurant in many regards.That said, the place feels homey, but the food does as well.  Now, if you're in the mood very ultra America-Chinese, it's great, but if you are looking for strong flavors you'll be disappointed.  The food might best be described as a fresher version of a Chinese buffet.  The food is always fresh, but it is nothing special.   It is less Asian in many regards then Pei Wei.  It panders very much to our sugar obsessed society, but when Asian food can be so varied with savory and sours it's just too bland for me.The price is reasonable, the portions are good and if you need some new members to your extended family I'd recommend you stop by.
4	This should be obvious to everyone. It should have been obvious to me. But please don't order anything other than the Chinese dishes. Don't order sushi! Don't get a steak! You'll be really, really disappointed.Despite my long-standing strategy of going with a restaurant's strengths when I order, I decided to get sushi one time. I knew better. I really did. But damn, sushi sounded good. As it so happened, my friend didn't want Chinese, so she ordered a steak.The sushi was so icky. The ahi tuna was BROWN. I could barely choke any of it down, and ended up leaving most of it. My friend's steak was thin, tough, and cooked to oblivion.My GF was smart and ordered the lunch special, and was happy as a clam. Thankfully, she shared.I would deduct a star, but, since that time, I've gone back a few more times and "went with their strengths." Those trips reinvigorated my enthusiasm for China Grill.Oh and I found I actually am within their delivery zone. We have ordered from them a few times, and it's always good, but not as good as when you dine in.
5	General Tsao Chicken is wonderful. So is the wonton soup. This is a regular destination for my daughter and me to meet for dinner and catch up. The owner is a wonderful lady who once owned the restaurant at Metro called China Gate. My daughter grew up her entire life eating Chinese food there as we had a business nearby and I was always to exhausted to cook after the super long days we worked our store. So it's a comfort having that great food available still. And the service is wonderful too.
5	This is my new favorite chinese place.My partner and I were driving around, waiting to meet up with friends to go to the Peoria Art Exhibition and just happened to see this place and stopped in to have lunch.My experience with chinese food is that the food has a lot of potential and most places just don't put the effort into that potential which makes the dish into a slimy bland piece of blah.So, going into this little shop, I had my reservations, but I'll eat just about anything as long as it is classified "human food", even if it might taste bad.I was HIGHLY surprised.  Started off with some egg drop soup... excellent.  That one tends to be slimy and texturally yucky in most places I've been to, but this one was done pretty well.I got the Mixed Veggies in white wine sauce with Shrimp and Scallops lunch special.  It comes with fried rice and a little lettuce salad that has a ginger vinagrette dressing on it.  And it was SO GOOD.  I was totally expecting the bland blah that I usually get, but this actually had taste! (like that Campbells soup commercial... that's the taste of TASTE. lol)The waitress was nice... it was cold when we walked in and they fixed the air.The front of the store is more tables, the rear around the corner is booths.I definitely recommend.  When I'm in the mood for chinese, this is the place I'll be going.
4	Very impressed Great food, crispy honey chicken was very good.
5	my first review..  i read them alll the time on here, and after following some reviews and decided to eat here.the service was amazing, the food was even better.. some of the freshest chinese i have had in AZ.. the variety you can order from is extensive to any tastes you or your family might have.. the atmosphere is versatile as well, good for a quick bite or a nice date.i felt like i needed to write one in regards to the "Andrew C." person.. this guy must have never had chinese food to believe this is akin to pei wei .. or even less asian than it.  he probably ordered the most american dish he saw. he must be a sweet n sour lover (not that there is anything wrong withthat)
5	By far the best authentic chinese food I have had, keep in mind this is no PF changs, but it's the real deal. Polite on point service, and the food is fantastic. My drink was never empty, and my stomach was full and I was seriously pleased with my expierience, this place use to be located next to chipotle on 33rdish ave and peoria by metrocenter, the same family still works there minus the huge fish tank. I enjoy the general tso's chicken,  the mu shu wraps, and the orange chicken. This place is it!
3	After three lunch visits I've come to the conclusion that this restaurant fares just ok in my book.  I'll probably be back, but can't guarantee it as there are so many other places to try.Upon walking in you are quickly and politey greeted, then taken to a table.  You'll notice the decor is nice, but somewhat cluttered.  I'm not a fan of things not put in its right place.  Maybe this is just me?Great price for lunch and it comes out quickly as expected.  I was hoping for a little more love to be put into the food as my tongue was telling me that it was a little bland.  Each visit I tried a different item from the menu and it almost all tasted the same.Overall this place serves its purpose for a quick, hot, inexpensive meal while not for the typical foodie.
4	My husband and I love China Grill.  We are originall from NY and this is the closet thing we have found to what we used to eat back home.  We always order the orange chicken and the pork fried rice is really really good.  The crab wontons could have more crab but otherwise they are pretty yummy.  We havent tried alot of their items but I did have the general Tsaos once and wasnt really impressed.Overall really good Chinese.
2	China Grill made me sad... I was hankering for some good Chinese food and decided to try something new, and I was sadly let down. I will say this - the lady that greeted me at the front was extremely welcoming and nice.I ordered the crazy hot chicken (which was not so crazy hot), it just had a few jalapenos in it...not that it tasted bad, but it wasn't great and borderline plain. Also was not impressed with the sesame chicken or the super small sides of rice that came with our meal. I really don't mean to sound harsh, but I feel that there are a handful of other Chinese places where you can get better tasting food at a cheaper price.
4	ya know.... NOT BAD.  did have a pre-determined thought about China Grill.... Thought... oh great.... another chinese place... have been burned before... many times before... however, determined to find a decent chinese place... so  let's try.........  The staff was great!  Food was Good!  we will be back!
5	Chicken wings and cheeseburger meal... Yummmayyyyever since i've moved away from arizona, i can honestly say that china grill is what i miss most.. their chicken fried rice is really good and so is their cheeseburger.. their general tso's chicken extra spicy is my bf's favorite.. almost everything is good here!!
3	It was good but nothing special...
4	Big fan if this place!  The food is served family style and there is always enough on 2 entrees for my family of 4. The service is outstanding, and Frank the bartender makes a heck of a cocktail!
5	Best Chinese food in Phoenix, hands down! :) I love you China Grill!Service: 5 stars - awesome staff. This is family owned so go and support them! Panda Express has nothing on this. Food: Twice Cooked Chicken is my favorite go to order here! They have awesome food and an extensive menu so there's always something new to try. The sushi rolls are delicious, too!Environment: The restaurant is super laid back and it's fun to go out as a small group to really large groups. There is a full bar there which is awesome (and rare) for Chinese restaurants. Sake bombs go with any meal!! :) Oh, they also have TV and a large projector so you can watch all sports games.Thank you, China Grill, for being the best Chinese restaurant in Peoria!Fully Satisfied,Emily
4	My coworkers decided we should try this for lunch one day. It was definitely worth it. The Honey Crispy chicken is so great. Food is always hot and ready for pickup when I get there. I'd recommend it!
4	Bobo Chicken Rocks!!!!  Enough said.
5	UPDATED REVIEW:  I still love the potstickers & soup & honey crispy chicken BUT the chow mein has changed. not good really anymore in my opinion. HOWEVER Sesame chicken & twice cooked chicken make up for it. Also if you go online to order there are two coupons for either 4 free crab  puffs or 2 free egg rolls. Service is always awesome & when you walk in the door & see the to go menu grab one the coupons are in that too.  I didnt take away a star because to me it still rocks.           Can I just say that not only do I love their hot & sour soup but the potstickers (which I order a side of vinegar for) are great & the honey crispy chicken is great too. We do sub chow mein for rice its a dollar more but worth it. The people there know my family & we will continue to go there.
3	I'm originally from Southern California where good, authentic Chinese food is easily found.  China Grill is the first Chinese restaurant I've tried in Arizona.Restaurant was nice enough - nothing fancy but comfortable and clean.  Service was good.  Food was just ok.  We ordered their Twice Cooked Chicken since other Yelpers had raved about it and and their Ma Po Tofu.  The chicken was battered and fried and covered in a "black bean sauce".  Usually black bean sauce is savory (slightly salty and spicy) but this version tasted like sweet and sour sauce that is slightly spicy with some black bean floating in it.  I wasn't impressed and would not order it again  The tofu was pretty good, though I would have preferred the tofu to be cut into smaller pieces and the sauce to be a little thicker.  I would come back and give this place another try.
1	Once again, we find ourselves duped by the high reviews on Yelp on yet another Asian restaurant. We were on our way to Yu's Chinese Express but made a detour since a friend had mentioned this place, not to mention it had four stars on Yelp.We go in, get seated, and after reading through the menu we are excited. Lots of traditional Chinese dishes, some of which we haven't had in a long time, so our hopes were high.First thing we ordered was the hot and sour soup. A steal at $3.50 for a small portion, which was enough to feed 3-4. Unfortunately, it was neither hot (spicy) nor sour. It wasn't bad, but it definitely didn't live up to its name.Besides the soup, we ordered the House Special Lo Mein, Sizzling Hot Plate Beef, Szechuan Green Beans, and Yui Shan Eggplant. We were expecting a feast, but was severely disappointed.The Sizzling Hot Plate Beef arrived first. Interestingly enough, the beef was on a regular plate (not sizzling), which the waitress then dumped on to a hot plate (sizzled maybe just a bit). Then, she put a spoonful of what looked like rice wine over the dish, then attempted to set it on fire. That was a big FAIL, and then she tried to do it again, without success. We basically ended up with a non sizzling plate of beef that was drenched with rice wine. The Szechuan Green Beans were next, but it had a sweet taste to it. This was definitely another first...normally they are supposed to be salty and a bit spicy. The Yui Shan Eggplant was alright, which was probably the best part of the meal just above the white rice.The kicker of course, was the House Special Lo Mein. When we ordered it the waitress made sure that we wanted crunchy noodles (cake noodle, or so we thought) and not soft noodles. We said yes, we want crunchy noodles. What we got was a plate of vegetables and meat with a side of fried won ton strips. Seriously? Normally I would've taken a few pictures, but I think I was in so much shock it didn't register in my head. While the service wasn't bad (drinks refilled consistently) the food was blasphemous. Never again.
5	Was not sure after seeing the mixed reviews, but it is always good to make up your own mind. My GF and I went last night (Xmas eve) and the staff was amazing! They were all super friendly and accommodating. We got the Mongolian Beef and Volcano Chicken (both with Lo Mein noodles). Both dishes came out quickly and were delicious! The meats were tender and cooked just right, The veges were very fresh and not over cooked. with a bit of crunch The table across from us had ordered the Sizzling Hot Beef Plate that was reviewed earlier. It might have been a dud that time, it was a winner this time. The metal plate was so hot you could smell the wooden holder underneath it (kind of like summer camp craft class). When the server put the beef on the hot plate, it was like a fourth of July Fajita! It sizzled like crazy and then went up in flames when the server poured the Ginger wine on it. Very impressive and the people said it was great. We will deff go back for that and the rest of the menu.
4	my boyfriend and I went with another couple on Christmas Day and we were all very pleasantly surprised.  There was zero wait, the prices are extremely reasonable and you get a lot of food for your money.  Good service even though they did have a little mix-up on my order.... the other three meals came out on time but there was a mistake on mine so I had to wait a little longer.  Not a huge deal and I only had to wait about 5 minutes before mine came out.  Atmosphere is so-so ..... very casual. Two of us had the honey crispy chicken (very yummy), my bf had the General Tso's chicken, and the last had teriyaki chicken.  We were all very pleased.
2	This place blows. Foods ok but service is terribly slow. Maybe I have just caught them on off days but I will go to Big Heng down the street from now on.
3	This is the best Chinese I've had since I left back East. The main courses are wonderfully prepared. Unfortunately they miss the mark on appetizers, the only reason why I could not give a higher rating...for now. I do intend on returning.We ordered the Mongolian Combination, a Chef's Specialty and it was absolutely original and delicious - finely seasoned, hot and fresh - the crispy fried very thin noodle topping was to die for!. The accompanying pork fried rice was also very good. The order of barbecued beef (on a stick)  was sadly a huge disappointment as it was ice cold. I don't mean that it had cooled off a bit on the way home (which is less than 10 minutes away), I mean ICE cold. It was as if they had refrigerated the beef sticks and forgot to "finish" them before packaging..there was no evidence of any sauce on them at all, they looked marinated and slightly cooked (pale). They were so cold that I didn't even eat them so I don't know if they were tasty or not. The eggrolls were freshly made but a little on the bland side for me, I thought they contained too much plain cabbage and not enough meat and other veggies.As the restaurant had just opened, I am willing to chalk it up to a simple mistakes/oversight on a busy Saturday night and will definitely go there again as I highly recommend you do also. No one is perfect and they have definite potential to be 5 star. I will update upon next visit..keep your chopsticks crossed!
2	This is a hard review, I've never experienced anything like this place. Usually food is either good or bad, end of story. I love the entrees , they are inspired and tasty, the chef has a deft hand with his spices and flavors (not just the usual garlic and oyster sauce) BUT (and this is a HUGE but) the appetizers have proved to be consistently disappointing. On my first visit (see previous review), I raved about the main courses but was less than impressed with the appetizers and agreed to go back again to give them a second chance.After all anyone can have an off night in the kitchen. Well, once again, major disappointment. This time I ordered the "Award Winning" creamy crab puffs (AKA crab rangoon where I come from) one of my personal all time favs and some dried, I mean fried, won-tons. The crab puffs were overcooked and hard (not crispy) so much so that i had to beak off all the edges and just eat the middle which was just average. More cream than crab and very bland - no puff about it. The fried wontons were also overcooked and in addition to looking like a small marble, were as hard as one. These were the smallest wontons I have ever seen. The filling was rolled into a very tight tiny ball the size of a small marble and were so uniform in size I believe they were a mass produced frozen product and not fresh made. Once again I broke off the hard edges, the middle was blah, very little flavor couldn't even identify what it was made of. An order of 8 is $4.95- Outrageous considering their diminutive size..all 8 could fit into the palm of your hand - and nondescript flavor. So, between the previous experience of ice cold BBQ beef on a stick and cabbagy bland egg rolls and this most recent debacle, I give up. I can only recommend them for their entrees which are so good I will go back for just those. ..hence my two star rating which would be a one if those entrees weren't so good. The service isn't so hot either, servers/waiters/counter help are pretty blase. Sigh, I guess nothing is perfect and I'll have to go down the street to PF Chang's for my appetizers which I will do considering the lack of options for good ole' back home Chinese food in Arizona.
5	I have been eating here since 1989, it used to be china gate and I love it. If you want greasy nasty Chinese food don't order from here because its not like that. I order the Moo goo gai pan and it rocks. It has garlic sauce and white meat, it's perfect. The staff are very sweet. The man who delivers to my house is just the nicest, he picked up all of my newspapers in the driveway. Back to the food , it's fresh and tastes great. The only thing is I wish the family dinner came with 4 crab puffs and egg rolls not 2 because there are 4of us and I wish the egg drop would go back to the original recipe with the corn and I would love it if the chicken and vegetables went back to having the  little corn and happy black mushrooms in it. Either way I woul never go anywhere else!
4	Love love love their takeout! I've had dinner in their restaurant once and it was decent. The restaurant is a bit outdated but clean and super quiet. The food is the reason I stick with this place. We always order the Kung Pao Chicken - all white meat, the Teriyaki chicken - all white meat, and the Orange Chicken. We do get their crab puffs every once in awhile and their egg rolls are mediocre as well. Their sauces are really good and the meat they use is good quality - I'm particular with my meat! Their service is good; quick and to the point. They don't do alot of chit chat which I like, and they are friendly enough to make you want to come back. They usually have my take out ready in 15 minutes or less; even during lunch rush. This is always our go to Chinese take out and will be until they prove it wrong!
5	The Crispy Duck is one of my favorites! Very sweet and caring staff!
3	Great food, nice place with good menu items. However I felt the drink I ordered was under poured and over priced based on other restaurants I order scotch on the rocks at. If they did not over charge for alcohol I would give four stars and go more often myself.
4	Simple, this place is much cleaner on the inside and out than your typical chinese fast food, even though the price is the same as those place. The food is well executed by a good chef, not drown in soy sauce like most other places. Most important of all is I didn't get stomached after my meal here. Definitely come back to dine in and take out.
2	Just wasn't up to my expectations. My shrimp fried rice wasn't white and had no eggs in it. My orange chicken wasn't spicy and chicken had mediocre flavor. My general chicken was equally disappointing . I sat down to order to look over the menu and after five minutes the hostess sits by me prompting me to order quicker. Even after my food was brought to me I asked for a hot mustard. He looks at me grabs the bag pulls out the one mustard in the bag, and ask do I need more with a certain amount of contention . Overall I have given up on Arizona Chinese food and it looks like Panda Express or bust should be the monicker .
4	We order at least once a month and it never fails to disappoint. The vegetables are cooked perfectly every time and the sauces are fantastic! Kung Pao is my favorite.
2	So we ordered the honey mango shrimp, and we properly refrigerated it that evening, ate it the next day and got so sick for 4 days we couldn't even keep water down or in. After complaining to them, they said that's our fault because their stuff "cant be reheated". And the time after, when we decided to give them another chance (stupidly) they made us wait 30 mins longer than they had originally said and when I had mentioned how last time my family got sick off their stuff, they said I'm sorry and then gossiped and laughed at us....Class customer service.
4	This is my family's favorite Chinese restaurant in the valley. The food is authentic and delicious, and the service is amazing! We eat here every week or two since we moved to the valley and have yet to find a restaurant that is as good.
4	Nothing exceptional.  Food is decent, service good, they have alcohol and are open latter than most places in the area.  Big menu.  Good for a fast Chinese food snack.
1	Just saw the lady transport at China Grill transport veggies in her light blue Honda CRV.  She took a tray of half cooked noodles out of her trunk with no covers!  I was shocked!  She put it on a cart and kicked it back into place with her dirty shoe going up the ramp.  So much sanitary issues going on with this place.
1	the food here is okay but, it is hit or miss. just beware they charge a delivery fee without telling you, till they come to your door. really?!
3	So I might be a spoiled American but I have to say I was definitely disappointed at the portion size I recieved when I ordered my BBQ Pork appetizer. While the strips did taste good they were gone just a little to fast. The eggrolls are decent, not the best ive ever had but definitely edible. My entree was delicious. I ordered the braised bean curd (tofu), which came with some steamed rice and it was very good. The pork fried rice was pretty good too along with the chicken chow mein. Overall I think this place was definitely worth visiting and I'll probably be coming back but its not the kind of place you rave about to all your friends. If your looking for good food and a small businesses family atmosphere this place is for you. If you are looking for somewhere to impress a date with your excellent taste maybe think about going somewhere else.
5	Oh boy was I pleasantly surprised by this delicious place. Always stop by Starbucks and this time I decided to try it and oh boy was I missing it! It is just simply delicious their egg drop soup is phenomenal their teriyaki chicken out of this world! Would decently recommend it!
2	I heard about this place from someone and decided to try it despite some iffy reviews. I love Chinese food. So I was incredibly disappointed when this food was so unappealing. The rice has no flavor. The sauces are just sugar, no other flavor covering  flavorless chicken. The prices are not worth that disappointment and I really don't mind paying for food.
4	Ran in on lunch, grabbed a Moo Goo Gai Pan lunch special with brown rice. It was delicious and a great price at $5.99. I'll be back in.
1	My family ordered kung pao chicken, beef and broccoli and pork lo mein with fried rice last week.  The entire order was bland, flavorless and disappointing.  The fried rice had very few vegetables and hardly any flavor.  The main entrees were bland. Overall, I feel like I wasted $30 and should have cooked at home.  We ordered take out, so I can't comment on the service.  I definitely won't try this place again.
