3	I'm a non-traditional girlfriend, so I always forget what's expected of me during conventional gift giving holidays like Valentine's Day. And this year I totally neglected to get Mr. Man so much as a card. Dog house! (I thought we weren't celebrating! How was I to know that little sneaker was would bring a smile to my face with a cutesy, cheesy, tchotchky gift and card combo?)Little did he know that I had an ace up my sleeve. An ace with lots and lots of titacular action. Bombshells! I know that nothing brings a smile to Mr. Man's face quicker than a pair of boobies, so we stopped by on Sunday for some sinful indulgence in an illusionary atmosphere. Being a non-traditionalist doesn't have to be a bad thing.Sundays are 2 for 1 well drinks and domestic bottles before 7 pm, which is nice when it's $7.75 for a short gin and tonic. There's also no cover, an indication that Sunday nudity lures some guys that are reminiscent of your dad. Expect gentlemen in kahki shorts and button down shirts paying to have a lady rub their bits all over. But at least these gents are better business than the twenty-somethings that just watched the entire time, not a dollar bill in sight. Skeeze. It's pretty easy to see which girls are enjoying themselves up there (or at least doing a good job faking it) and who's bored as all get out. We had some very enthusiastic ladies, especially after the shift change at 6pm, and they totally knew how to work the pole in their seven inch heels. Don't come here expecting tig ole fake bitties you usually encounter at Skin or other Scottsdale places. These ladies are au natural and I wouldn't have it any other way. What's nicest was this fact that they're willing to sit down and chat with you regardless of whether you're interested in a lap dance or not:Lovely buxom brunette: "What are you and your girlfriend celebrating?"Mr. Man: *baffled, blank stare* "Sunday?"LBB: "Wow! She's a keeper. Hold on to that one!"Officially out of the dog house.It's not a brusque, all-business attitude at Bombshells and even though I was the only girl there that wasn't on shift (aside from an awkward couple that came in scowling, stayed for three songs and booked it), there's no awkwardness about it. And since I'm a woman I get the supremely sexy treatment instead of the perfunctory titty shake when I tip.The icing on our lecherous evening? Mr. Man got a lap dance and the Italian beauty offered to do a couple's one for no extra charge. Now that's class. Maybe I'm too harsh on the whole 'tradition' thing. Let's make this Anti-Valentine's Day of Debauchery a regular occurrence.
1	I didn't spend quite enough time in here to give this a totally legit review, but when me and my friend walked in, it was darker than most clubs inside, the place was very small and very packed with creepers, and the girls didn't take their tops off. They just wore what looked like bikinis. I just think if you go to a strip club, they should show you their boobs. Maybe they do and we just didn't stay long enough to see it, but until I see different this place gets a 1.
1	As a veteran of the strip club scene and former dancer at Heartbreakers, now Bombshells, I'm sending out a big "Shame on you!" to the management at Bombshells! We rented a party bus for my best friends bachelor party and were told Bombshells was one of the clubs on the V.I.P. list. I called the club to alert of our arrival time to make sure we could get in. The person I spoke to was quite rude over the phone, but said they make decisions regarding admittance on a case by case basis. I told him we were a large group, would buy drinks, and as a former dancer, all my friends are schooled to pay the dancers well! When we got there, we were met at the door and told we would have to pay full cover and that they wouldn't do anything special for our bachelor. Lucky for us, our driver got a tip to go the the Hi-Liter, which turned out the be the best ever!! So, again, shame on you Bombshells! And to the girls who missed out on lots of money that night... go work at a real club! Peace
4	44th street office...I've been to a couple clubs and I think the girls are the nicest out of the bunch. Wide variety, little bit of everything. Short, tall, fake, real...Watch out for the couch when you first walk in, it takes a little time for your eyes to adjust. DJs are pretty awesome, rock and hip hop mostly but they do take requests.SUNDAY NIGHT IS INDUSTRY NIGHT FOR ALL THOSE IN THE SERVICE INDUSTRY, ha get it tried to make a funny? LAST SATURDAY OF EVERY MONTH THEY HAVE A BIG 2-4-1 PARTY WITH TONS OF DRINK SPECIALS, PRIZES, AND A SHITLOAD OF BOOBS :) FREE PORN TOO WITH TITLES LIKE WIDE GAPING BUTTHOLES HOW CAN YOU RESIST?!?! HAHA.
3	I've been here a couple times... very dive-y.  There is a very specific crowd of regulars here that know everybody. The girls are ok. (sorry ladies)  There is a wide variety of types of ladies there... tall, skinny, wider, dark, light, almost naked, almost fully clothed... We walked in once at about 1am... only an hour left before they closed.  They wanted to charge us the full cover. Eff that!!  So our buddy showed up who's a regular and we got in for free. haha  Good to be with the "in" crowd here.
