2	Let me start my review by stating "I'm not a car guy".  Some guys are born with certain interests and mine have never been "gear head" related.  Enter autozone, I prefer this location due to the close proximity to my house.  My travels brought me there yesterday in search of a replacement headlight bulb.I found my product easily, however, when I asked for assistance with the installation I was rudely denied. I could understand if they were slammed but the place was empty. I guess the simple battery check is all they are good for. I found
1	don't buy parts here or at any auto zone for that fact!!! i bought brakes for my truck here, when i got them i told the guy to give me the best you got. i got pad and rotors. put them on and in about 6 months i destroyed the pads and rotors. now let me put it out there i don't drive easy but my stock Chevy brakes lasted almost 80,000 miles these only lasted 20k!!!! it gets better when i took them off and took them back for the warranty the counter guy looked at the pads and told me i had a caliper that was sticking due to the the pads we worn uneven. both pairs of the pads looked almost exactly the same and the inside pads were worn farther than the outside pads just like they should be due to the single piston caliper pushing on the inside pad and pulling the outside pad into the rotor. i tried to explain to the guy and he just wanted to sell me calipers. he did give me all new brakes but i wore them out just as fast. i now have Chevy brake on my truck again performing flawless. these guys are just parts sellers and nothing more. sorry auto zone i am no longer a customer. i have much better luck a oriley (formerly checker) they sell name brand parts
3	It's a car part store. And that pretty much means I was in a foreign land - and I didn't speak the language and was freaking out about my poor Elizabeth (a.k.a. my Jeep). Upon entering, the two employees were having a heated conversation (something to do with another Autozone and a customer being sent back and forth between the two stores). However, despite this, I was helped within just a couple of minutes. The employee who helped me had to be all of 16 years old (or so he appeared to me), but he was friendly enough and efficient. I was in and out with a new battery (installed for me by the employee) in about 10 minutes - and that's pretty nice.
5	I went to have my battery tested because my car wasn't starting unless jumped.  I had  bought a new battery at another Autozone less than a year before, so I figured it was probably the alternator.  The rep tested my battery and told me I needed a new one.  I told him I didn't have my receipt showing the warranty any longer.  He looked it up by my phone number and installed a new battery right away.  They were so kind and helpful.
4	When we got here, there were two staff members already outside exchanging batterys and doing other battery check.Funny thing, same reason as I was here. Mine was completely DEAD. Nathan was very friendly. got the battery out and exchanged. Then wanted some quotes on Struts/Shocks. Shows us the different ones with warranty n all .    Printed that out and we were ready to go!                   We go to the car it doesn't start.. I think I almost cried.but we popped the hood to see one of the screws on the battery what a RELIEF! got that tightened and we were able to leave, finally. Nathan was able to recommend some auto shops that would do the installation for a decent price. thank you.
2	I come here only because it's closer than the Walmart and they give military discounts which means cheaper by few cents...maybe. Seems everytime I come here I have to wait a long long time just to pay for my merchandise and go. employees are always too busy on the phone or helping others researching parts and have nobody to man the register.
4	I'm a very loyal Auto Zone shopper. I purchased a new car battery almost two years ago and I recently I started having some trouble with it. I brought it back in and they gave me store credit towards a new battery. They removed the old battery, and installed the new one for free. I was out the door for about $50 and thirty or so minutes later. Easy peasy. A few months ago one of my tail lights went out and after I purchased the new light they installed it as well. If you are having any issues with your battery or etc they will run a free diagnostic check.
3	I have been here a few times and everytime I have come the staff has always been helpful for me. Although their selection can be a little lacking sometimes. I do wish there was a 24hr autozone close by to my house.
1	Came here for a free diagnostic test. Lady at the counter says "it'll be a couple minutes before someone can go out and help me. she didnt let anyone else know about me and why I was there so I assumed she was gonna do the test for me. 20 minutes later I see her go outside. Im pissed off by this point so I leave. Where do I find her? Outside smoking. And had nothing to say to me. She sucks. Older lady that wears an earpiece like shes busy.
5	The manager on duty today was very knowledgeable. I would recommend this store. Very helpful and not much of a wait. Autozone is the business!
5	I'm not very car savvy! And I can't remember the guys name who helped me but what a pleasure to be taken care of efficiently and with such courtesy! He changed my headlight for me and wouldn't even take anything from me! Good guy good quality service!
5	Love it was in and out.. They knew what I needed made sure it was the right part. Was out of there in minutes
5	Had an issue with the clamps staying on my battery.  I know nothing about cars and the guy at the shop was super helpful!  Only cost me $1.50 in parts and the guy fixed it for me. Less than 15 minutes and I was on my way with a fixed car.  He wasn't allowed to accept a tip... but he deserved one in my opinion.
1	I know Auto Zone is a car place and "customer service" is not a big thing there, but still treat people with respect. I went in today to ask a general question and from the beginning the guy was rude to me and had attitude, like he was mad that i walked in and now he has to do something. I asked him about a coolant hose that i need to have replaced, and he asked me a question and i wasn't sure of if it was the top or bottom hose and he was like UGH YOU NEED TO KNOW WHAT YOUR TALKING ABOUT OR NEED, i just looked at him crazy and as he was still talking i walked out the door. I will never go back there again.
4	Friendly staff. . All except for one ...The looks like he don't give a ....Is ironic how the red shirt " rockys "Are so nice .....
3	I come to this AutoZone about once a month b/c it's next to my house in Silverado.  The staff here is very friendly and willing to help on anything.  They are also very fast about getting you checked out if you're just getting a few minor things.  I usually get either motor oil or some car washing stuff.  Got to keep the Audi looking good.The only beef I have with this place is they are always sold out of the 5-40 castrol full synthetic motor oil.  Since everyone in the valley needs 5-40 grade they should double down on the order from their supplier.  Just a suggestion.
