5	This was so much fun and so different from all other activities that are available in Vegas! You are put into a room with your  friends to look for hints and solve either the problem or figure out a way out of the room. My girlfriends and I had the opportunity to try both rooms. While the actual clue solving is best left for the adults, live escape has cleverly incorporated some elements that kids will also love - can't say more lest I give it all away! Many of my girlfriends commented that it was their favorite part of the weekend (we were there from NYC for a bachelorette).
5	It was a great experience! We had a lot of fun, it was definitely an interesting experience, lots of team building. The staff there is great and I really recommend it to anyone trying to do something different!
5	Had a super fun experience. It was exhilarating and it's worth every penny! I'm definately coming back!
5	This place has several themed escape rooms that you can do with your friends for fun. It was a very fun experience and adrenaline rushing when you're trying to find clues and understanding how to get to the next step to finish the challenge in 60 minutes. This place would also make a great team building exercise or any event with events. The staff is really nice and gets you excited about the escape rooms. I am excited when this place has a membership option so I can come back year round and bring new friends.
5	AWESOME experience! It was something totally different for me and my friends to try. We really enjoyed looking for clues and being able to "escape" from the rooms. The staff was great. Can't wait for other themes to be created. DEFINITELY returning and recommending this place to people!
5	So much fun! I went with some friends to do the sherlock holmes room only but we enjoyed it so much we did the second room as well. It was so different then any other activity you could do so worth the $28! I got a chance to chat with the owner and he was so friendly and excited for us to be there. He did mention that there would be more rooms in the future and I can't wait to go back. It was all so clever and intense! It's a must do.
5	If you enjoy puzzles and a challenge- this experience is for you!! I can't even tell you how much fun this is!Have you played Room Escape on your Android yet? Its a lot like that --only in person. And quite a bit scarier and more challenging.The location is off the strip in what appears to be a deserted industrial area. I was slightly apprehensive being dropped off here by taxi, but that uneasiness is a good way to begin this unusual experience.Inside we were greeted by Nick, the creator, and Rosie, his tiny comrade  with a giant personality. They explained that we would be "locked"** in a room and we would have 60 minutes on the clock to escape alive. We were given a basic storyline, wished good luck, and the game began! I am not going to spoil it for anyone, but suffice to say that we tore up the room looking for random clues and then piecing them together to make our escape. As the minutes ticked by, our anxiety grew and the more frantic we became to connect the dots and find our way out. We made it out with a little over 7 minutes to spare!! We coulnd't stop smiling and for hours afterward we reminisced about this clue or how we should have seen that clue. SO SO SO MUCH FUN!!!The evening we went there were 3 available escapes to try, with varying degrees of difficulty. Nick said they were just about to introduce 2 new rooms, including the "Saw Room" and "Hunger Games" room, and several more still in the planning stage. This is such a brilliant idea for an entertainment venue- Nick has really hit a winner here! I predict this will explode over the next year and spread like wild fire across the states.If in Vegas, you must give this a try. We were staying on the strip and it was quite a taxi ride out to the location, so we killed two birds with one stone and spent a few hours at Fremont Station, which is right around the corner. We ate dinner and watched the go-go dancers, then listened to some music and did the zip-line through Fremont Station . Then we finished the evening with the Live Room Escape, which was by FAR the best time we had throughout our entire stay, and that includes the shows and concert we saw. Highly recommended! We CAN'T WAIT to return to try the new rooms!! **not really locked, per fire codes**
5	This place is awesome!!! We did the trap room and had a blast. It was the right combination of interactive fun and brain teasing puzzles. The staff was extremely personable and very enthusiastic about their product. Next time I'm in vegas I will definitely try out another room.
5	We had a great time doing the room escape even though we didn't make it out alive. The staff was friendly and seemed to enjoy their jobs, they made the experience even more enjoyable. When you see the room it doesn't look like much but trust me it is fun and worth the money spent for the entertainment. Great idea for a team building event. I will be back to try out other rooms.
5	Really fun and a must visit when in Vegas!
5	Tons of fun and a really friendly staff! Went as a couple with my girlfriend and I had a blast - Didn't beat The Sherlock Room, but that only made us want to come back and do it again next time! A big thank you to the owners, especially "Nicksaw!" See you guys next time we're in Vegas!
5	It's definitely a different experience. Nick, the owner was wonderful. The front desk girl was awesome as well. They gave us quite a bit of hits since the time was running out.  I can't wait to get another opportunity to go back and try another room when my brain is working a little better.  (We had 2 players; it would be a little bit more doable with at least 4-6 people, Nick told us).
5	Went with a group of 5 and we had a great time!!!! We did the trap room which was great. I have never done anything like this before, so we had no idea what to expect, but it was totally fun and we all would definitely do it again! Everyone in our group LOVED the experience!The staff is super friendly and very passionate about the experience, which made it all the better! Cant wait to go back to Vegas next time and try out the other room!
5	The facilities are clean and air conditioned and the staff are an absolute delight to deal with!The brand new Saw room is completely over the top and absolutely unbelievable. While the decor is understated and simplistic in most of the other areas, the Saw room takes things to an entirely new level of realistic fun.Tip: You need 5 people for the Saw room, so, you should start calling your friends now!You'll have a lot of fun trying to solve all of the puzzles and finding all of the clues with your friends.
5	Really fun experience.  Went with a group of 10 and had a blast.  Very creative puzzles and setup.  We are already planning a trip to try the other room.
3	Beware: if you buy a Groupon or yelp deal, you might have to do the room with another group! We bought the yelp deal for four people and were placed with a group of 6 people who bought the Groupon. This was not mentioned to us beforehand so I felt it was very misleading. In fact, when we asked the woman at the counter about it, we were brushed off saying that this was how they had to fill the slots for the groupon people. We didn't mind in the end because the other group was helpful and fun but it would've been better to know beforehand instead of being told right before we went into the room.As for the actual room itself, it was a bit underwhelming. We did the sherlock room and it is just a small room with normal household objects strewn inside. The challenge itself was fun and interesting and it was exciting trying to piece everything together. However, what happens when there are too many people is that sometimes you're left with nothing to do. I can see it being more fun with 4-5 people. In the end, I don't think it was worth the money. It was fun but underwhelming considering the good reviews.
5	I've been meaning to try out this place with my partner but never found the time until today. More than the excitement of trying to get out of the room, I really appreciated how they took care of our kids (who were having a meltdown) that allowed us to enjoy the whole experience. Looking forward to checking out the Sherlock and Saw room on our next visit.
2	We did the Sherlock room, so this review is solely based on our experience with that particular room.The staff is very friendly, and the facility is very clean. If I am critiquing this business on its service, then I would give it 5 stars. However, this is an experience/entertainment business, and my experience was a bit underwhelming. My friends and I did every room at the other Escape Game place in town, so we had an idea of what the game was about: solving puzzles and opening locks/safes in a room filled with old, worn-out furniture from the flea market. You are not going to be blown away by the decoration or props used by places like this, the fun is in working together with your friends to reach those "aha!" light bulb moments. The fun then lies in the design of the game experience, which this place lacks:#1 No background story: we were basically just put into a room and told to "solve it". Games like this requires imagination to be fun, and not having a background story makes a big difference. #2 Ending, or the lack of ending: imagine yourself walking into the movie theater 1 hour late, watched for 5 mins, then cinema attendant tells you that the projector has broken so he would just tell you the ending of the movie. That's kind of how we felt when we "solved" the room. If you and your friends enjoy group activities and are of the intellectual challenge seeking kind, I'd suggest trying the other Escape Game place in town. However, between the two places, this one is a lot more professional and clean.
5	I've been to Live Escape twice in the pad month. First, the trap room (which was great) and just tonight with the Saw Room. I have to say, completely worth every dime. Amazing experience and it was realistic. Didn't know what to expect, my coworkers and I decided to do a team builder this afternoon and man, we were ALL blown away. Wish we could do it again! Maybe just a minute quicker :)
5	Ok...here it goes. I was looking for a fun place to go do something with my girlfriend that was outside the realm of  typical Vegas activities for date night (clubs, bars, etc.), and while looking through the highest rated activities, I came across this place.  First of all, the fact that it got a five-star rating was astounding, as not even a large majority of the pricier activities received nearly as high a rating.  Secondly, both my girlfriend and I loved the numerous "room escape" apps that we have tried on our phones, and the fact that we would be able to escape a room for real appealed to both of us.  Thirdly, after speaking with various staff members (the owner, Nick, included), I can honestly say that not only are they very courteous and friendly, but that they have done their research when it comes to how to construct the rooms and the individual puzzles within them.                 We and two other couples did the Sherlock Room together, and WE ALL HAD A BLAST!  Normally, I have a tendency to want to work alone while solving intellectual problems, but I found out very quickly that in order to efficiently solve the puzzle and escape, teamwork IS REQUIRED.  We would have loved to try some of the other rooms, but since we were the last group of the night, we will have to come back another day.               To address the one gripe that some of the people had (specifically, the lack of decor), I say the following: they have only been open a few months, and though they have been very successful, they are still a "new business"; Nick (the owner) is the mastermind behind all of the rooms and not only has to maintain the current rooms, but also be thinking of new puzzles and ideas for rooms to come, as the rooms have to be cycled to keep the variety and interest level up--so a permanence of decor is not in the best interests of the business or the consumers.              All in all, the experience is one of a kind.  It is not only a great mental challenge, but also an excellent team building exercise and a wonderful date activity as well.  Whether you are a local or just in for a quick visit to our town, you have to pay Nick, Rosie, and the rest of the crew a visit  down at the Live Room Escape!
5	My sorority went here for a sisterhood event and we had a blast! I was fortunate enough to be able to experience all the rooms there: the Saw Room, Sherlock Holmes Room, and The Trap Room. This is a fun, new attraction and adds a variety to what locals can do to have fun in Las Vegas. The staff there was really helpful and were really into what they do so they made it a pleasurable experience. I will definitely go back and do this again since they change room themes every couple months!
5	Super fun experience. We did the Sherlock room. This room was very challenging but definitely doable. We solved the mystery and escaped with 16 mins left. I would highly recommend this experience for anyone. The room was very lightly furnished with clues very cleverly hidden throughout and it required a lot of thought to solve. I will definitely return with friends to try other rooms. It wasn't so simple that it was boring but also wasn't impossible so it was very fun. We were told that 32% of groups escape the Sherlock room which was a cool little fact to know going into it.
5	The No1DP and I did this activity for our one-year anniversary. We also did this just by ourselves because the other party in our group was late and couldn't make the scheduled time. CAB FARE: ~$11 from the Cromwell.Though located off-Strip, this is less than a 10 minute drive from the Strip itself using side streets. As with off-Strip locations, it could take a half an hour from the business placing a call to the cabs to get a cab ride again. The owner and his employee were quite nice. He wanted to adapt a concept like this from his native Hungary to the US. It's the fourth establishment like this to be opened.The concept (if you haven't done something like this before) is that your group is trapped in a room for an hour. Using clues scattered about the room, you are encouraged to put together the clues to help your group escape the room. Rooms have a certain theme and difficulty. If your group manages to get out you can have your picture taken with your time remaining. If your group does not manage to get out, you can be told the solution or try again. Like other games you are allowed ONE hint (verbal), though employees can monitor the situation and help out as needed.We decided to do the Trap Room of medium difficulty as it is offered at the even times (2pm, 4pm). Though offered for a smaller group consisting of 4-6 people, the No1DP and I got out with a little more than 11 minutes to spare. We were given some hints but they weren't obvious. The room is intentionally (and deceptively) simple so that the people wouldn't get TOO distracted by their surroundings. Apparently more couples are choosing to do these rooms for date night.Their other room, the Sherlock Room is of harder difficulty and is offered at the odd times (1pm, 3pm). The owner changes the rooms every 4-6 months.The No1DP and I had a fun time and I look forward to trying more real escape games wherever we are.
4	This business is new and I like the idea. I think they will improve on all the little things over time. I've done both the Sherlock room and the Trap room. Initially, I liked the idea of just going with some friends but its definitely better to have more people because solving the clues is not as easy as you'd think. These rooms are very basic. You're put in a room with a lot of stuff that you have to explore and examine. Don't expect anything glamorous like what you'd find on the STRIP. But its still fun and challenging and I think they will improve over time. If you're debating which room to choose, I'd recommend the trap room over the sherlock room. I've gone with some different aged people and it seems like young adults, teens and 20 somethings fare the best at this stuff. I've had older women in there with me and they just fart around.
2	This review is based solely on the Sherlock room. As many others have noted the staff was friendly, and if I had to rate them on service alone I would likely give them 4 stars, however, overall I was disappointed. Considering I paid over $100 for my group to participate, and we were all greatly anticipating the experience as soon as we stepped into the room our excitement quickly deflated.Other reviewers have said that "oh they are new they'll get more stuff", my opinion is that if you can't fully furnish your rooms to fit the theme you've labeled them then you should WAIT to open. It's like a restaurant opening up without enough ingredients to cook everything on the menu.  I expected a room detailed and described as a 'Sherlock Room' room would provide you with a SHERLOCK experience. It was basically a small, plain, white-walled room with no decor aside from a few miscellaneous items  (vacuum, file cabinet, table, etc). No paint on the walls,no rugs, no pictures, nothing. It felt like walking into a sad office. They could have easily furnished this room through the flea market, goodwill or even garage sales to provide at least some type of ambiance, and painted the walls.Another thing that kind of ruined the experience for us was that an employee kept coming in to help us. The whole idea of this place is that you are "locked" in a room and trying to find the clues to escape. If someone keeps waltzing in to help then it disrupts the whole concept. It's nice they were trying to be helpful, but I would have rather they hadn't. The point is for you and your group to figure it out, and if you can't you lose and come another time to try again if you want, but if they tell you how to do it then where is the fun? The clues themselves were difficult, but didn't seem to have anything in common with the theme of the room to make it a cohesive experience. I really have no clue why it's called the Sherlock Room.I know there is another place like this in town, but after this experience the hype and excitement is kind of gone for me so I will likely no go to either.
5	This Escape the Room game was incredible fun. We did the Sherlock room and found it well crafted and exciting. Great puzzles. Very well done. We will be coming back.
3	this was my first 'escape room' experience and my 3 friends and i got the yelp deal and paid $26 per person. not too bad for 1 hour of interactive fun (and we got lucky and had the room to ourselves). the place is in a super random sketchy warehouse part of town... i guess rent is cheap and all they need is an empty room. i read in other reviews that the rooms were pretty sparse as far as decor/furnishings (namely the regular escape room and then sherlock room) and they were right. i get that too much stuff might distract from the real clues and that anything put into the room could be torn apart and rendered useless, but even so, the room could definitely use some updating. it was literally the size of a small bedroom with completely white walls and a couple shelves/small tables and a folding wooden chair. the objective was not very clear so it was good that one of my friends clarified right before the lady working there left us "locked" in the room. no info is really given and  you have to figure out what you're looking for. i don't want to give too much away but i'll just say that if you really really really hate scary jumpy stuff, this may not be the best experience for you. i thought the experience would be 100% problem-solving so i did not expect the scary component at all (especially since we were just doing the regular panic room and not the saw room). so my group of 4 was off to a slow start and had trouble figuring out what we were looking for. we found some hints right off the bat but had no idea what they meant and when we got stuck, the lady working there popped into the room and asked us if we wanted a hint. since we had no idea what we were doing we said sure, and then kept hunting for clues. then, after awhile, we got stuck again and she came back asking if we wanted a clue. so after 2-3 clues, including a pretty big hint at the end, we completed the challenge with just over 2 minutes to spare. we definitely would not have finished without the hints so i think their 55% success rate would really be more like 20%. some of the clues were really a stretch but others were a decent difficulty level. overall, my friends and i had a lot of fun and all of it was an adrenaline rush. the lady working there was super nice and let us see the other 2 rooms. the saw room looked really cool (if you can handle SUPER scary psychological thriller stuff you should definitely do it). the sherlock room didn't look as fun and interactive. she said it was more like you have to sit down and think through the clues and piece them together rather than spending time actively looking for clues. overall, the experience was good but did feel a little like a knockoff of the real thing or some of the more well-known/popular escape rooms in major cities. this business is off to a good start though and this is an awesome off-strip activity when you're looking for a change in scenery!
5	I have done 2 experiences with LRE...the first one was in August and it was the Sherlock Room...that was fun, it was just me and my friend...we solved it...and it was VERY difficult!  The second one (tonight) was the Trap Room, we did it as a team builder for work. 6 of us were in the room...and it was hard too, we actually did not solve this one...There are a lot of clues, and its hard to piece them together...The trap room was cool because there is another room attached to it, and it's definitely got the scare factor (the sherlock room is not scary)..I am definitely on board to get a group together to do the Saw Room..that is supposedly super scary! I love this concept, it's a lot of fun...it's different, and I like how they rotate the experiences...Love it!
5	First, let me say that the staff is top notch :) I was with a group of 5 friends, we did the Saw room & what a fun experience! I haven't done anything like this before and it's a lot harder than you think. Prior to going in I thought we would all have equal opportunity to solve each clue, but they have it set up in phases. There will be moments when each of you are solely responsible for solving a portion before you can move forward. This results in shouting a lot of, um... let's say "words of encouragement" at one another! lol There are also portions we you work together as group to solve clues, which is fun.   Afterwards we were talking with the staff about the other rooms and were encouraged to come back to try the Trap or Sherlock room soon because they will be changing those themes out in a month or so. They want to continue to bring in locals and provide them with new experiences... As a local, this music to my ears. I will be back!
5	We had a great time.  Not too hard not too easy. Perfect.  There was 8 of us. We did the Trap Room.  Solved it with 2 minutes to spare. We are going back in 2 days to do the Saw room.  We have done this game in Switzerland, Ireland and Las Vegas. This was the best. Loved it.  Highly recommend giving it a try. Fun for all ages.
5	Really fun. Did the Sherlock room...challenging but we kept going and got it! Had teenage kids i tow and they liked it too.
4	This was such a novel & fun experience, but you'll do yourself a disservice if you don't go with a group. It's family friendly if you pick the right room (3 to choose from) so get out there and solve some puzzles! You're not guaranteed to 'win' which is one of the appealing aspects - it makes it a true challenge.  If you like solving puzzles, have teenagers fully immersed in gaming culture, are looking for a good team building activity or just want to try something new, this is for you!  Criticism? The building is a little hard to find. The instructions for first-timers could be better (you don't know what you don't know so it's hard to ask the right questions).  I think they could probably play up the backstory for the scenarios a little better too. All in all, I loved it & would do it again.
4	Aside from a few glitches (monitor keeping the time kept going off and trap door not securely locked at the beginning),  we had a great time today..Thank you for an awesome experience! Trap room got the best of us. We'll be back for the Saw room;)
2	I've been to a few room escape experiences. This one was created with the LEAST amount of effort. From the puzzles (flip through a 50-page book filled with decoding algorithms and randomly select one to decode the message) to the decor (none of the furniture or decorations closely followed the theme of the room), everything screamed "half-a$$ed." We did the Sherlock room. We were able to peek into the Saw room, which looked a LITTLE more themed, but still were much sparsely decorated than I'm used to for an escape the room game. while it's somewhat fun to do, for the price, don't expect that much.
3	Staff is fantastic, building is fine, clues were 4 out of 5 in logic and thought, but as far as escape games go, this place falls incredibly short in production value. I've only tried two of their rooms, but the one's I've seen are just dirty offices with a few things scattered about like a closet. I can see how a tourist coming here would love it no matter what because escape rooms in general are an awesome thing and its kindof difficult to not enjoy it your first time, even with a crappy execution.These guys are on the right track, but they really need to step it up a notch if they want to keep up with some one the one's I've been to in other states.
5	As a team building activity this can not be beaten. The owner and the staff were wonderful, and we all had a great time. There were some scary moments and some great times when each of our finer skills were tested. Cant wait to try some other rooms! Great team activity and it would be an awesome date night or social group fun too! We got out with time to spare which I did not expect to do :)
4	It was very fun.  This site concentrates more on the puzzles than the decor.  Since we got a deal from Groupon, it was cheaply priced at about $16 a person.  The Trap Room was just the perfect size for our team of four.  I think even with 6 people it would be fine, but more than that, it might become a bit too cramped.  They provide a number of hints on the TV inside the room depending on the number of people you have.  They have a camera inside the room so if they see and hear that you are stuck, they will offer a hint.  I will definitely consider coming back the next time I'm in Vegas.  They change their puzzles every 6 months.
5	I wish I could give this place even more than 5 stars! I came here with 4 friends and did the Sherlock room. (We got the groupon as a gift for Xmas). EVERYONE in our group had an amazing time and the staff is really nice. Even the skeptics in our group who thought it would be easy found it challenging and had a lot of fun. I can't thank this place enough we will be back for the saw room!!!!
