4	Sometimes you just need a pick-me-up during all that hard work at the slot machines.  Especially when you've played until 2am the night before.  Palio offers great lattes and mochas, light snacks and pastries.  My fave?  The giant cheese danish.  6" across, loaded with cheese, sweet pastry.  YUM!  Could only eat half for my snack, and then had the rest for a tasty breakfast the next morning.  Nice location away from the casino, just past the guest elevators.  You can relax and enjoy your caffeine fix away from the general casino noise.
4	Palio in the Bellagio provides pretty good food and coffee though, like most of the rest of Las Vegas, it is overpriced for what you are getting. For lunch, we ordered the chicken wrap, albacore tuna sandwich and cobb salad to share. The wrap was pretty dry and needed mustard and salad dressing to make it really tasty. The cobb salad was really fresh and delicious and the balsamic vinaigrette was perfect. The coffee and cappuccino were also super and I always appreciate free coffee refills! The pastry options also looked pretty temping!
5	Best desserts in the entire world! The pastry chef is world renowned and all of the choices are sure to please. Don't be fooled by the larger selection at the other hotels (like Paris)... they have to offer more choices because none of them match up to Palio's.  If you go to vegas, I'm sure you'll want to stop by this place multiple times once you try it!
4	Palio at the Bellagio was a nice place to stop by for breakfast in the morning on the way to the pool. Palio offers coffee, lattes, mochas, light snacks, sandwiches and pastries and is open all day.  It is somewhat overpriced, but everything in Vegas is pretty pricey nowadays!
5	Any coffee place that includes alcohol in their coffees has FIVE stars.  This place is no exception.They have a number of specialty coffees from the Baileys (dark roast with Baileys Irish Creme) to the Irish (dark roast with WHISKEY!!) and to about 4 or 5 more.  Those two were the two I tried... they were both EXCELLENT.I also had a tuna sandwich one time and the second time had a ham and cheese.  The tuna was better than the ham and cheese only because the ham and cheese was stored inside plastic wrap and the tomato made the bread somewhat wet, which is not appealing to me.My friends had a rasberry coffee and a regular cappuccino which were both excellent as well.Love the decor!  It has an irish feel to it, but I don't think I'm educated enough to recognize where those flags in there were from.  It almost looked like clan flags, but I really don't know. hahaA little pricey, but what else do you expect when you're in the Bellagio??
4	I use Palio for my morning coffee because Bellagio does not provide a coffee brewer in the room. They charge more than your local Starbucks by quite a bit, but the atmosphere, service, and those fancy wooden stirrers almost make up for it.
4	vegas has the best croissants/chocolate croissants and this place does not disappoint. bouchon still has the best cheese danishes ever! but this place has seating which is a plus. like any other place, palio averages $4 a pastry. well worth it for the croissant.
4	I loved this place.  We had breakfast here one day.  Excellent coffee (illy products) and pastries.  We had a bacon egg and cheese brioche and a mozzarella and tomato platter with a baugette.  Everything was delicious.
4	Borderline fandom (3.5 stars for me), Palio is a great quick eats spot especially for breakfast.It's a bit hard to find a place to grab a quick bite to eat in the magnificent Bellagio, since most restaurants are sit down and take your time kind of places. Palio provides some great breakfast brioches, a healthy assortment of fresh and sweet berries, and really large pastries.  I mean really large.The primary reason why I can't give it a full 4 star yelpin' is their prices.  For 2 people - 2 breakfast brioches, 2 freshly squeezed OJs, and a tray of fresh berries....almost $40. I guess it helped that the brioches were nice, warm, tasty, and exploding with meat (see image), but still...that's pretty pricey for a sit down, quick eats kind of place.But yet, I will still claim my fandom because the food was still good, and I did mention they baked goods/pastry portions were huge right?There is seating inside, but if you are into people watching, or even more comfortable chairs, there are couch-like seats outside as well.  Enjoy your time, it's easy to find.  It's practically outside of the hotel room elevator area.
2	This place reminds me of Santana row in that it has a very high price due to locale and stigma, but ultimately has mediocre taste.The quality of the ingredients could have been better.The chai we ordered was way too sweet, and as far as taste, you could get that a drive thru for $2.Nice presentation, though.I had a double espresso that had a really weird taste that was acidic.The Dulce De Leche Croissant, Apple Cauchon and the Eclair were  A-OK.
5	Kind of difficult to find, but my friend and I were looking for a place to have mid-afternoon coffee.  This place was further into the casino and near the other shops.  I probably wouldn't have noticed it otherwise... thanks Yelp for leading the way!  I got a latte and Dulce de Leche croissant (see photo), which was excellent!  I've never had a soft fluffy croissant with yummy caramel in the middle. Had it been later in the day, I totally would have gone for one of their alcoholic coffees since they sounded excellent!  I thought their prices were normal for Vegas, not cheap but a decent value compared to other expensive places.  Next time I want to come for the pastries and the dessert.  See photos for how cute the Tiramisu cup is!  The space is small ((I wouldn't go with more than 4 people)) with nice ambiance and soft Italian music.  The windows have an obstructed view of pool and give lots of light.  I liked it a lot and it was nice to get away from the casinos.  We enjoyed getting coffee in our exploration of the strip and it's nice to stop at the Bellagio for the seasonal floral display and the water show (both free!)
3	Nice place with an Italian character to the decor.  Good coffee, although you'll pay a bundle.  Cute complimentary mini jars of jam/marmalade/honey.  Great view of the pool, though, if you get a table by the window.  Nice place to hang out for a while, although pricey (as you'd expect for a nice cafe inside the Bellagio).
3	Though the prices at Palio preclude me from giving it a four star review, I still have a generally favorable opinion of the place.  The little take-out spot provides a very nice quick food option at the Bellagio, and that fact gives it worth.Yes, you will be paying $5 for a bottle of apple juice, and a few dollars more than you would expect for salads and scones, but the quality is good and you can eat and be back out on the casino floor in twenty minutes.
2	Quickie cafe type place in the Bellagio. Prices are pretty ridiculous, quality of the food is subpar, and the service is lackluster. I got a salad which was prepackaged and a side of bread which was pretty stale. The menu is super small and the selection is really limited. The only good thing about this place was the ice water with free refills.
4	Had breakfast here twice and the breakfast panini was stellar.Perfectly grilled, crispy and soft bread.  GREAT service in the morning.Nice place to get started in the morning. Didn't try any pastry or gelato - but the pastry looked fantastic.Only going with 4-stars because the espresso was not great and it's the first thing I want in the morning.
3	Pricey and appetizing. The palmier was perfectly crispy flakey. Latte & savory crepe OK. $5 OJ a bit hard to swallow (but I did). Beats a breakfast buffet of tired, rubbery eggs and limp bacon - but it comes with a cost.
4	the turkey & grape croissant was very very good! bailey's coffee was alright. a bit pricey but tasty food and cool decor
3	The original plan was to go to the Bellagio buffet because one of our friends had never been to Vegas before so we wanted to take her to a buffet experience and Bellagio, IMHO has the best.Of course, it was a late start and when we got there the line was so long and no one wanted to wait. So what could we do? We were starving and walked around -- this was the first place we saw -- so we went in to grab a bite.It's one of those cafes where you order and they give you your food and you find your own place to sit.We ordered the chorizo quiche, vegetable quiche -- both were okay, although the chorizo one tasted much better. Texturally both were the same.The antipasto platter was nice with 3 types of meat, cheese, olives, grilled zucchini and mozzarella balls. Salmon platter was also decent with salmon laid onto flatbread and sprinkled with all the condiments you would find at a salmon spread.Chef's Salad was nice too, I ordered it because I felt we should eat something healthy.Our entire bill came to approximately $62 which is pricey for a non-service cafe, but this IS the Bellagio and it tasted fine so that's all I care about. It was convenient and there wasn't a hoard of people in there.
5	Loved the cookies and cream gelato.....The scoops were massive.....of course...overpriced.however...yummmmmmyyyyy!!!
4	Quaint little coffee shop with yummy sandwiches.  Of course, you're dealing with the vegas price of a sandwich but I found one of the most amazing tuna sandwiches that I have ever had. Just simple but the bread combo and fresh tuna was just superb!  Ideal for a coffee break after hitting the slots!
5	My wife and I have been coming to Palio since the Bellagio opened. This is a hidden little gem tucked away within the Bellagio back area near the pool entrance.  When most guests want to eat breakfast or lunch they go to the "buffet" or the main breakfast restaurant in the middle of the hotel. Big mistake-come to Palio!If you are a coffee fan and also enjoy homemade pastry-this is the place for you. First the coffee- I am a huge Starbucks bold roast fan. The only coffee I have ever enjoyed more was actually in Italy. That all changed upon our introduction to Palio. It is the only coffee I like better than Starbucks in the US! You also get free refills. We often buy their whole bean coffee and take it home.Their pastry's range from a standard blueberry muffin to a Nutella croissant. Everything is mouth watering. They even have some sugar free items.  Palio also serves small breakfast and lunch plates. For breakfast or lunch I highly recommend the Muesli with fruit and the yogurt parfait with fruit. The smoked salmon "pie" is awesome. Overall, it is pricey but worth every cent.  There is no waiter service. You order from the counter and either take the items out with you or eat at one of their beautifully decorated tables in the restaurant (seat yourself).The line during prime morning hours can get long but it moves.If you are used to the standard Vegas breakfast-try Palio. Don't be afraid-go crazy and order some of the extravagant pastry's or small plates. Definitely get a coffee and enjoy the best coffee in the US (with Starbucks a close second).
5	They serve Illy coffee - nuff said!
3	Ham and cheese was about as bland as can be. Even with honey mustard it tasted like it was from Schnucks. The chicken breast salad was super lacking in every facet.Only reason this isn't a 1 or 2 star review is the staff. They were awesome little old ladies, and one even went to another shop to procure some mustard for me.
3	Go here to interact with the staff, they are worth it. The food is just like what you would get anywhere else.
4	I thought it was truly odd that Bellagio would have a cafe (Palio) located DIRECTLY across the walkway from Cafe Gelato, as they BOTH serve coffee/espresso drinks and pastries. Strange, no?Anyhow, since I had visited Cafe Gelato the previous evening, I decided to give Palio a go. I ordered a mocha -- and it was among the best I've had! And believe me, I've had my share of mochas! It was super smooth (not grainy or powdery) and had a nice creamy consistency. Service was very friendly and quick, as I received my drink in under 5 minutes. They also offer a great selection of pastries and baked goods. There is also a good number of cozy plush seats outside of the cafe along the hotel walkway (still within Bellagio). There is also some seating inside the cafe as well.
5	Best coffee and Danish you can buy. I always get the cheese Danish and the cappuccino. I love the little sugar stick that comes with it too. Skip the buffet an enjoy quality breakfast.
4	This was a great spot for a quick breakfast.  The feel was like a cozy coffee shop and you can grab your food and drink to go, or enjoy at a table above the Bellagio pool.  I had the cinnamon roll, which was soft and delicious with the perfect amount of icing.  The Mocha slush was just like a frozen chocolate milk, sweet but highly recommended if you are a chocolate milk fan. My wife had a croissant, which always seems boring to me, but I must say it was amazing.  Fluffy and full of flavor.  You can't go wrong with breakfast here.  We plan to go back tomorrow as we finish our Vegas trip.
4	We were on the prowl for a nice dessert to top off our Vegas adventure, and the food on display here caught our eye. A little bit of the exquisite, but served in an unexpecting little coffee shop with a European vibe with a nice view of the Bellagio pool. The place fit the bill overall.We ended up getting a small fruit tart here, elaborately designed which is why it caught our eye. The service was friendly and that little tart? Delicious. The vibe was nice and quite, and might have made a good twist to those looking for some peace after venturing on the strip. Overall,  enjoyable and a place we might try again for a different dessert in the future.
3	Looking for some huge croissants?  This place has it.  Big desserts and coffee with an even bigger price tag at this joint.  But hey, we're at the Bellagio where prices are expected to be high.  Palio is located across from the Gallery of Fine Arts.  Inside, you'll find a well decorated, spacious, and even a semi-quiet cafe.  Palio has your coffee's, latte's, iced coffee's, desserts, bagels, muffins, cookies, sandwiches, croissants, and even some pre-made sushi.  All are priced to profit and people buy it. I admit, I am not the biggest fan of Palio with the main reason being price.  The cheapest item on their menu is their basic Americano for $4.50.  Think about it.  Starbucks carries this for $2 and we all know they are priced high too.  But when you have that 2:30 feeling, you do what you got to do.  Service is just okay and if they were above and beyond, I'd probably up the stars to 4.  As of now, just 3 stars meaning Palio is just okay.
5	I've been to Palio more times than I can count, and I absolutely love it. It's a really cute, quiet coffee shop and cafe near the Bellagio pool entrance, decorated in a charming Italian accents. If it weren't Vegas (where there are a million other things I want to do) I'd be happy to come sit here and leisurely read the newspaper or a book. Instead I always drop in for a double espresso macchiato served in a perfect little cup and then make my way--rejuvenated--out into the exciting and noisy Vegas din. They serve pastries from Jean Philippe Patisserie, and so if you choose anything from the case, you know it's going to be good. Friendly service, and a perfect drink every time. I wish I had one of these in my home town!
4	Palio had some very high highs and then some mediocres as well. The prices were a bit high, but the coffee was good, so I didn't feel bad about that. The chocolate croissant was boring and very average. The dulce de leche croissant was HUGE and delicious. The caramel was oozing out all over. It was messy and awesome and I would go back just for that. So go here, get the croissant and share it with someone because it is way too big for one person.
2	Small coffee shop and pastry place near the pool at Bellagio.  We ate here for a quick lunch.  The room is very crowded, if over half of the tables are full, it's difficult to get around without hitting a stranger.  They serve pastries, salads, and preformed sandwiches.  I should have been warned by the fact they are pre-wrapped, but I got the tuna salad.  The bread was thick, but nearing stale.  Also, despite its thickness, it didn't hold the tuna salad well in places.  The salad itself was common mayo based tuna salad.  Good enough.  But, the bread ruined the sandwich for me.  And, chips are $3.50, so that didn't help my mood.The wife had the Bellagio chicken pie.  This is a hot pie made with veggies in the pie.  It was solid, and it's available elsewhere on the property.  Good, flaky crust and great flavor.  The slice was substantial as well.If you need something quick on your way to or from the pool, Palio will get the job done.  But, don't expect to be blown away if you are eating a full meal.
5	This quaint little cafe is adorable and the staff even more so! A deliciously solid soy chai tea latte was had as I waited for my cell phone to charge. Unfortunately this review is going to stay short as well it's a cafe and I had a latte but it's definitely worth a check in if you happen to find yourself in the Bellagio
2	I wish hotels had better quick service breakfast places. Everything looked so heavy and was overpriced. I really could not find a low calorie, healthy breakfast selection.  I finally settled on a yogurt parfait (if you call that healthy) and coffee.  Total was $14 - really?  At least the coffee was good.
5	I'm glad to say they're still serving great Expresso here. The queue was huge this morning so I gave it a miss but dropped in after lunch.
5	My happy place in Vegas!!!  Best coffee and pastries, hands down!  My favorite breakfast:  a cup of coffee and quiche lorraine!!!  Fills me up to last me the rest of the day till dinner time!   Even when I don't stay at the Bellagio for my trip, a visit just for Palio is always in order!
2	I ordered the banana nut muffin from the dessert display case. It wasn't the best but we were able to sit outside while eating our breakfast.
5	This lil gem has to be the only reason one would stay at the Bellagio!No seriously.They have great coffee, never once did I have a bad coffee when staying here. They have bagels and cream cheese.But the best bit? The jam dearlings, the JAM!!!Little tubs of mouthwatering-awesomesauceness!!I fell a wee bit in love. You see I'm one of those weird people that gets a blueberry bagel, smothers it in cream cheese and then tops it when blueberry jam from the wee tubs.Then sits there and moans audibly while I enjoy the delight that is my breakfast before a day full of shopping again.I hear they have great pastries too, however I never got around to trying any!!
4	The croissants here are top notch. They are flaky, buttery and airy, the way a true croissant should be. This reason alone earned the extra star to a full 4-stars as you do pay dearly for it since your at the Bellagio. If I was on an expense account, I may have given this place a full 5 because the service is solid to but alas, it came out of my pocket. The nutella stuffed pastry thingy though was quite disappointing though. I know... It's nutella but the overall execution of it just wasn't that great.
5	Came by for my usual chocolate croissant and cappuccino and was pleasantly surprised that they've remodeled. The new patio is gorgeous! !  I could sit there all day. I complimented the manager and she was so sweet, she talked to me about they changes that were made and she was so nice she made me feel right at home (if home were a cafe in Rome). Seriously though, they use illy coffee, so if you love coffee like I do, you know you can't beat Illy, and the barristas there know their way around the espresso machine. But my favorite is the chocolate croissant, it's so fresh, buttery, and flaky,  and they DON'T skimp on the chocolate, it's THE BEST croissant in town. All the pastries look delicious though. And they have sandwiches too. It's a good place for a quick bite or to sit and relax a while.
4	A quiet oasis from the hustle of Las Vegas. We stopped in for a quick breakfast pastry and coffee on our last morning in town. Croissants are flaky and buttery. Danish had just enough filling inside a light pastry. Muffins were moist and flavorful. Cafe au lait was very good.
1	Over priced, soggy, nasty sandwich. Extremely disappointed. I ordered the italian sandwich and the bread was all mushy. Wouldn't go back there.
4	Nice coffee shop located close to the casino and guest elevators.  I stopped in the other day to get an Italian Soda as an afternoon pick me up.  The staff was friendly and the raspberry italian soda was delicious...although a little bit pricey at nearly $6.
5	Best value at the Bellagio. Good quality food quick service for a busy coffee shop.  I had the Italian sandwich (heated) which used the same meats from the buffet.   My girlfriend had the tuna sandwich which was really big.  They had a large fresh fruit bowl which was excellent.  Great for breakfast.
5	Delicious croissants and Danishes. Outstanding. Fresh, toasty so melt in your mouth wonderful. The newly expanded outside seating area is nice too.
4	This place was perfect!!  I wanted a quiet little coffee corner to eat a yummy something & drink some good cappuccinos.  And that's exactly what I got here... Despite an unfriendly greeting, the visit went well.  By unfriendly, I mean a snippy "hello" with a bit of a snarly face followed by nothing!  Awkwaaard, hah.  Oh well, imaginary hand-to-the-face, (ie. "talk to my hand") was in order.  You WILL NOT ruin my morning, errr, afternoon. Ordered a decent slice of pumpkin cheesecake which tasted better than it looked, and cappuccino which was pretty amazing!  Cappuccinos were served with caramel flavored rock candy stir sticks, such a neat twist to adding sweetener. The interior is small, but super cute with intricately & colorfully decorated glass dishware displayed on the walls.  From the windows, the Bellagio pool area can be viewed (through a slight screen of greenery).  There is a media charging bar with less obstructed window viewd, as well as an outdoor walkway / balcony seating area.
5	Great little spot right next to the guest elevators. Cafe Gelato is right opposite. Very nice interior with 9 small tables. Well staffed fast service in the morning to accomodate to go customers. Had a delicious cherry danish, Orange juice, prosciutto/egg sandwich. I loved the pesto inside. They are heating up sandwiches but else no hot breakfast. Have to return to try fresh squeezed green juices.
