3	This mandarin has great staff and good service. If you are going for authentic Chinese food , don't come here. But if your looking for an awesome dessert experience...this is the place to go!
4	Great place! I find it a little dark in here, personally, but that doesn't matter because the food is so good! I can never resist Mandarin's Chicken Fried Rice!! My family and I pass this place every summer on our way to the cottage, and we always stop for a meal.
5	Mandarin Restaurant is a chain of all-you-can-eat Chinese-Canadian buffet restaurants.  A little more upscale than King's Buffet, its closest competitor in the area, it's also priced accordingly.  My wife loves it here and if it were less expensive I would come here more often.What I like best about Mandarin is the service.  Even simple acts like ordering a bottle of wine with your meal is elevated with a sample pouring and a little flair, unusual for a buffet restaurant.  Also, the service is consistent, whether it's busy or quiet I have always received prompt and courteous attention, and I think it makes all the difference.The buffet is large and there are items to please everyone, from pizza to sushi, prime rib to sweet and sour pork, soup to dessert.  This makes it good for large groups as well.  Frankly I don't come here for authentic Asian food, but I would argue that that's not the point of coming to Mandarin, those looking for that type of cooking would be better served elsewhere.
5	We ate at the Mandarin while up from Ottawa visiting my daughter who attends OVC.  All I can say is wow, what a great meal - or should I say meals - I ate way too much. I'm usually not a fan of buffets, but these folks have changed my opinion. This massive buffet had everything, and it was fresh and well prepared. The place is so busy, with such a high turnover, there is no chance of anything sitting untouched for any length of time. They had crab on the night we were there, and if nothing else, we ate out money's worth in that alone. There was so much to choose from, I barely scratched the surface. Oh, and the service was exceptional - fast and extremely friendly. We'll be back for sure next time we're in Guelph, which is only about ten minutes away from Kitchener.
4	LOVE the food!It's got such an amazing selection of food and deserts are UNREAL. It can be kind of costly though, especially for students. So try to go on less busy nights.They have a salad bar and several main course bars, along with many selections of deserts (including lots of ice cream!)It's great for big groups, call ahead to request a room. They have tonnes of space for people. It's fun for kids - the front lobby has a pond with fish and there are tanks throughout the restaurant that also have cool fish to look at. The food is always so good I never want to leave. Go hungry because this buffet delivers on every level!
4	Really good chineese buffet place. They buffet is huge and has alot of different dishes. Mostly the standard chineese buffet style food but some canadian dishes as well. Good service. A little more expensive then other buffets
5	The Mandarin is probably the benchmark for all other Chinese buffets. This location is beautiful and upscale, and the quality of food it serves commands the higher per-person price.They have an exceptional variety whether you're looking for traditional Chinese flavours or a mix with some Canadian menu items available too (ribs, pizza).Service here is great!
1	I have eaten any many Asian buffets and most of them in the US and all of them for under $10.  Naturally I was shocked when I found out a restaurant like Madarin served bland, mediocre and overpriced food at best.  I generally don't write reviews unless a restaurant has done very well or is revolting for the price. The plates were not clean as the dishwasher probably only cleans the top side of the plate.  The second plate I picked up had salmon skin on the bottom of the plate and the third plate had desert residue.  That was just ridiculous.  I can't imagine what quality of food the patrons who flock this restaurant are used to but I highly recommend they drive south of the border and try some Chinese.  I saw a lot of people eat crab legs so I suppose that's one reason to visit this place.  The chicken dishes did not have a kick, same with the beef.  The best items in my opinion was stuff at the salad bar, egg foo young (omelette), and macaroon.  The fried tiger shrimp felt it was raw inside or easily breakable as raw shrimp is even though the outside was cooked perfectly.  The bread pudding tasted like a cinnamon bun, the creme brulee was quite something else, fruits were not fresh.  The pineapple and melon were a tad sour. For the same price, i HIGHLY recommend trying the classier spoon & fork thai and japanese, which is a few towns overs, next to another mandarin chinese establishment.  Nothing I had there wasn't delicious.  Folk who claim this to be an upscale restaurant must be mad. If you can't figure out  a better restaurant, fasting for an evening or day is a much better for your non-existent soul and body.
1	Called to make a rezo for Mother's Day said not needed I showed up and said we only taking rezos tried to talk to the owner at the stand got the the brush off
4	Le buffet Mandarin est toujours excellent.   Parcompte,  n'y aller pas la fin de semaine car le prix du buffet est plus cher pour pas grand chose.
4	I like the variety they have but their price is little high compared to other buffets.
