1	This location was a joke...me and my girlfriend went here while we were waiting for her cars oil to be changed at the brake Masters down the street. You stand in line like at a cafeteria and the people behind the counter dishing out your not so fresh food can barely speak English, the tray I picked up was sticky and dirty and had some type of half dried syrup on it and it was disgusting.  They served us and did not even give us silverware, or chopsticks to eat with, and the general decor of this restaurant looks like a ghetto Chinese buffet in crack central.  The floors and restaurant in general were D.I.R.T.Y. like Christina Aguilara dirty back in the day before she was a mom!!!! The food tasted like it had been sitting in a pan for 3 hours, and I would NEVER go to this place again, I was surprised I didn't find a finger or a needle or a cockroach in my plate of mushroom chicken with vegetables.
2	Me 10 years ago: Panda Express, mmm good, and they give you lots!Me today: Panda Express is crap. It's got to be the most average, bland, over-Americanized "Asian" food around.I challenge you to find more average/below average food chain anywhere in the state.
3	Wasn't bad, tasted like normal Panda Express. The service was fast, the food was decent. I've gone multiple times.
1	Gross, plain and simple!  I'll crave some quick Chinese Food and then I'm always upset.  What a waste of money!
2	This location is always busy. But the customer service side sucks. You can tell if the food is fresh or not, and in my case it never is. Stale tasting. The ladies behind the counter are always rushing you, and barely speak English.
5	Five stars due to this being the best Panda Express I've ever visited. The girl behind the counter was polite to the person in front of me OFFERING samples to them. When I stepped up she was super polite to me and offered me samples as well, and thanks to the sample I ended up getting the honey sesame seed chicken. Absolutely delicious. I asked for both noodles and rice and I expected the usual half-assed scoops of both but this girl hooked it up big time on everything! Despite all these bad reviews I will definitely be a repeat customer!
1	I've never experienced this before, but I'm just going to let you be the judge:I am starting to watch/count my calorie load, especially when I am eating out.American Chinese is famous for huge calorie loads in the sauces and fried treatments, so I thought I would split the middle and order a brown steamed rice with broccoli and beef.Well, I asked the young lady behind the counter for the calorie count chart and she quickly said she would have to ask someone. No problem and expected...but what happened next was not:She walked to the back of the galley-style kitchen past the viewing, walkin freezer to find her manager. Outside of the freezer is the prep area with a large gray garbage can. She stood there, asking her question, HOLDING THE GARBAGE CAN. Then she and the manager walked back to me.  The manager came with the paper and placed it on the prep line. And she grabbed a bowl to serve me. WAAAAAAIT! "Uh, excise me. Is that a garbage can?" I asked. She looked back and asked where. "There...in front of the freezer...the big gray thing with the black garbage bag stretched around the rim." "Yes". I asked her if she realized that she stood there and grabbed the rim and talked to her manager. "No," she replied. "My dear, I watched you and you not only grabbed the garbage can you just came and grabbed my bowl to serve me." She put the bowl down and walked away, washed her hands and apologized.Needless to say, I won't be coming back.
2	I wish I could say that my complaints are isolated to this single store. They are not.The food is cheaply done for a not so cheep price. One dish tends to taste like five others that they have. Like its the same sauce,  just with different meats and sometimes vegetables. It feels like the place belongs in the food court of a mall. Not near a Goodwell. I suppose its location can tell you something about the quality of food one is going to get.The employee always look over work and seem to not enjoy being there. It makes it feel like I have slave labor preparing my food. Which is a little disconcerting. The bathrooms are not to bad, but at timea are filthy. At least the food and dining area look clean most if the time.I can't recommend this place as I avoid eating here myself.
1	I consider myself a good fan of Panda Express, but at this location in not going again, I order like always my regular rice  with teriyaki chicken n cream cheese, but this time, the chicken wasn't ready so they told me I had to wait n that was fine for me I wasn't on a hurry, but I guess they tough I didn't want to wait, by the time I started eating I find out my chicken wasn't good it was acceptable but far away from the regular quality I can expect from them, but to make worst my rice didn't had any trace of salt. I went to the counter n I let the lady know about my findings, but she tried n said "you're right Sir. it's unsalted but that's the way it is." I definitely didn't expect that answer, my meal cost me around $8 n I was really hungry, so I didn't want the situation to escalate for that amount, but for sure my last visit to this location...
1	My service was so aweful, I really thought I was being punked. I walked in to Panda Express and instead of being greeted, I was told that "this is all that they've got" and they don't make anything else because they were closing soon. Excuuuuse me? Four-fifths of the food pans were all gone. A whole baseball team walked in after me and they were rudely discouraged from ordering, because all they had was out so they left. I insisted on speaking to a manager. I let him him know that his line expediter was expediting customers right out the door. He apologized and had his cook make my plate. At this point, the damage was already done.
4	I came to panda for lunch today and they have done an excellent job with getting a lot of customers thru the line quickly with top quality food. Last time I had a bad customer service experience but things have been great today. I can overlook the bad service of one customer service representative if the rest of them are excellent.
1	Lately the quality of service at Panda has definitely deminished. I've have been a customer for a long time. When I ask for my plate to be made the way I like it I've been argued with by the employees. Most of the meat is made with alot of vegetables. Therefore when they serve you with the small entree that they give you for meat it seems to always be filled with more vegetables then meat. When I request for them to try not to give me so much vegetables I'm told that I will have a smaller portion of food not more meat. I simply don't understand why you would rather argue with your customer then to satisfy them. Obviously this company has become so big that the quantity of food left in there trays is more important then the quality of service they are giving.
