4	Let me preface this review by noting this show also had the added talents of the band WAR, which are best known for Why Can't We Be Friends and Low Rider.  When I was offerred tickets yesterday to see George Wallace Presents WAR, I was apprehensive at first.  The band is a bit beyond my time, but after reviewing the many hits they had plus getting a chance to see George Wallace perform, this was not a show I wanted to miss.Like Susan R., who I met for the first time and sat with at last night's show, I too had seen George Wallace at the Danny Gans benefit show a few months ago.  George covered many topics including politics, idiot sayings and Vegas locals.  Unfortunately for me, this was much of what he brought up last night, as well.  His 30 minute standup at Danny Gans was the same here with a few additions.  Susan noted to me that he was constantly bringing up "tomorrow's show" and what he'd talk about then.  He was very funny and entertaining, but I too found it annoying to listen to advertisements for something I probably won't be able to afford to attend.War was an excellent addition to Mr. Wallace's show, bringing their 60's-70's funk to the stage and playing about a 5-6 song set of their hits.  They jammed through these songs, however, taking about an hour to play the songs.  With the combination of comedy and music, the $75 ticket value is well worth it.
4	This fool is funny... He's old school...think Richard Pryor, Red Foxx etc... Driving into Vegas, I saw the ads promoting George Wallace as "The Best 10 PM show" all over the place and I thought:  "Who the f*ck is George Wallace?" ...Well, now I know.*Also, an acapella group named 'Mosaic' opened for George and they were amazing!
4	Where to start. Well he's old. And he is funny. He gives away a lot of freebies. So that's cool. The theatre is old. The prices for drinks aren't bad. But i urge people don't be like my friend. She went through a timeshare to see the show paid 60$ because she was told she'd get so much freestuff. Well she went. And she was told she was going to get a free night stay at the hotel. She hasn't. it was months ago.I went to see a comedian. And i didn't win anything but. I didn't care. His views on the country were funny. His church jokes were funny. His racial jokes were funny.But it didn't seem like he was up there for very long! Oh but for those who want to see him, he does have a lot of guest stars. I missed it but one night he had Chris Rock. Another he had Chris Tucker and Jerry Seinfield.So you never know.
2	My brother had free tickets from a friend - I'm so relieved we didn't pay for this show.  I had no idea who George Wallace was, but it felt like I'd already seen his show 4 or 5 times after the first 5 minutes.  His perspective and jokes were unoriginal and not unique in any way.   The drink prices were about average for a Vegas show  - we got some disgusting mixed concoctions and a souvenier glass to take home.  He did give away some freebies, and was cool enough to pose for pics and sign autographs after the show (for those that wanted them).  Seemed like a cool enough guy, just bored me to tears.The opening act was great - an acapella group called Mosaic.  Talented and entertaining, they were a great warm up act.  I would go see them again and sneak out before Wallace starts his shtick.
5	I'm a young guy (well, at age 29, that's debatable haha), and I took a trip to Vegas with my mom a little more than a year ago when she came out to L.A. to visit me.  Now, I'll be the first to tell you, I thought the trip may have been a train wreck.  I mean, Vegas with my mom?????? Let's be real, this is Sin City, folks.  What were we gonna do, hit up the strip clubs, then book it down to PURE, stand in line for an hour, then dance like it's going out of style??  No.That being said, I'M SOOOO GLAD I FOUND OUT ABOUT THE WALLACE SHOW!!  First off, the man's HYSTERICAL!!!  He's got this observational style of humor sorta like Jerry Seinfeld, but with more energy (no offense, Jer).  He singles out people in the crowd, poking fun at them in a good-natured way, AND THEN COMPS THEIR DRINKS!  Next time I go, I wanna look like a giant asshole, so Wallace'll make fun of me and I'll get some free booze.  :)All in all, it's just an all-around great time!  It's a comedy show, but there's also this rad opening music act called Mosaic.  You see people of all ages and races and genders all laughing up a storm together and having a blast.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
3	Saw the George Wallace comedy show in Las Vegas some time ago.  I do recall it being pretty funny.  Shannon F. nailed it on the head when he referred to George Wallace as "old school".  He cracked a lot of "Yo Mama" type jokes, talked about politics and what it would be like if he were president, etc....scary.  LOL.  We got free tickets, but he was worth it even for paid tickets (low cost of course).
4	Unlike previous reviews, I do know who George Wallace is.  However, I had no idea what to expect going into the show.  When he started, he made it very clear that he doesn't really have material; he just ad libs and volleys back and forth with the audience.  That's probably mostly true, but I'm sure he reuses a lot of his jokes.  Honestly, I wasn't sure how much of that style I could take.  Fortunately, the show maintains its energy throughout.  He even had a joke where he gave someone a bell and instructed that person to ring the bell at 11:15pm.  George said that he wanted to get off work on time just like everyone else.  Well, he must have been having a great time up there because he kept going for another 40 minutes.  Overall, it was a very fun night of laughs.  And as George says, laughter is indeed the best medicine.
5	OK, so as we waited for the show to begin, I was slightly nervous. The decorations implied a lot of political humor (which I am not a fan of), and we were way up in the balcony.While he did touch on some politics, he was overall HILARIOUS! I was pleasantly surprised by how entertaining the comedy was, at times interactive, and even though the majority of his jokes obviously came from southern, church-raised childhood; he made sure nobody was left out.Had me on the verge of tears a couple times.Great show!My only disappointment was that a cocktail waitress never made it up to the balcony even once in the 2 hour show... and by the looks of it, they weren't too speedy even for the VIP booths downstairs.
5	A great pro and a charming guy.  I've been living in LV and going to shows for 30 years.  George Wallace does an outstanding job...and works hard both on and off the stage.  I would highly recommend this show to anyone.
3	I am such a huge fan of comedy, I watch it as much as possible! The group was going to a circ show but we ended up seeing George Wallace. Overall, not too bad...not overly funny. I laughed but not as hard as I hoped. I felt the show dragged on a bit too much and hoped for another entertainer to break up the show a bit. Getting a cocktail was a little bit of a wait, which it should never be in a comedy show, one should never have to take their attention away from the performance to wonder about a cocktail. Not a bad show to see but I would not say it would be my first choice. George Wallace is pretty funny I laughed a good amount and you can tell he works very hard to do a good job, I think if the time was cut down a little it would do wonders for the show, or maybe I should just try to work on my attention span!?
5	This man is CRAZY!!!! If you ever come to Vegas, don't miss his show. The Showroom at the Flamingo is small, so even if you're not sitting up front he's real close. George says he's running for President!!!
1	I don't know if my expectations were too high or what .. but both me and my wife were VERY disappointed with this show ..His comedy was fairly dry really ..Just not into it, I don't think going to Vinnie Favorito the night before was a good thing, because his show was so funny that George Wallace REALLY paled in comparison .. his show kept going on and on and on so long that we decided to just leave before it was even over ..Felt like I was at a southern gospel church, not a Vegas show ..
5	I remember first coming to vegas back in 2005 when i was 21 and seeing george wallace signs over everything saying best 10 pm show.  i always wondered how good it was and finally 5 years later after seeing it it was absolutely priceless.  we saw his last show before his christmas break and i am so glad we did.  we will definitely be going back to this show in the future.  i had a good feeling it would be funny, but i really did not expect it to be as stomach hurting funny as it was.  a lot of what he talked about was current news which i like because it means the next time you go back you can expect a lot of different stuff in the routine.  i highly recommend going.  im still just surprised how some people looked so miserable in the audience.
3	My father ran grocery stores in black neighborhoods as i grew up.  So i found a lot of the humor funny and dead on.  My wife on the other hand did not for she either couldnt understand half of what he said or humor was over her head.  Make no bones.  Its good old fashioned black humor.  75% of audience was middle aged blacks.  Theatre is run down, and temp was prolly 64 F.  George is a great sport but this isnt for everybody
5	He's a riot, and I loved the part at the end where he asked us to yell out Yo Momma jokes at him.  I am honored to say that my Yo Momma joke made him laugh, and he fired two more back at me that had me and the audience in stitches.  We got to meet him afterward, and he said to me, "That joke you told, that was funny!"  It made my night.   He's worth the trip.
5	Love this Man!So funny, great show.......One of Las Vegas' best.I wont ruin it but I love the dog barking joke at the end of his show...Oh I laugh so hard everytime....seen him 6 times!It is nice that some can be that funny and not have to use the easy cheap shot of bad or crude words to get a re-action.A must see.
3	Here's the thing -- the middle 40 minutes was pretty damn funny. But the opening 15 minutes was lame (asking people where they are from, and naming restaurants in their area), and the last 25 minutes was also pretty bad. And like an earlier reviewer said, when he asked if someone in the audience could sing this gospel song, and then this "volunteer" comes up and just nails it, it came off as very staged. It's a bit insulting too, since he essentially asks for donations for this singer and promises to match it. The first person who went up to the stage and dropped a $5 bill I am almost certain was an employee, just to get the ball rolling (and it worked too!). Very weird. Oh well -- like I said, the comedy was funny, but a professional like George Wallace should get rid rid of the B.S.
4	I have to give it to George Wallace he is funny! I truly enjoyed this show more than I thought I would. I was never a fan of his growing up, a bit old school and I just did not have the opportunity to see him in action. I suggest this show if you want to laugh and let loose. To top it off I sat in the first table closest to the stage in front of the stairs. I had an up close and personal view of him which was fun.I was amazed at his generosity, he gave members of the audience gifts such as one $500 gas gift card, a spa package gift certificate for any Bally's property, a few autographed dvd's and I think I recall a book. He graced the audience with gifts. I saw the show last year I am not sure if he still does that but was a cool unexpected touch. He gives a good funny show, I definitely think a person is getting their monies worth with this show. I love the old school flamingo theater I can feel and almost smell the nostalgia in the room. After the show he walks out to the front doors of the showroom to a table with his merchandise and will sign autograph's if you purchase. I walked up to him to thank him for such an awesome show, he said thanks but seemed preoccupied with selling the dvds he had in his hand. Anyhow, to sum it up this is a show worth seeing if you want some good old fashioned comedy.
5	Just saw George last night.  Amazing show.  The show had no opening act, George just came out and killed for 2 hours straight.  He did have the singer from the audience come up and do a song as others have indicated, and he did have people come down and throw money on the stage for her, which I already knew was a setup from reading these reviews.  I thought that part was kinda strange and I still don't understand the whole routine but other than that George delivered a great show.  This has been the only show I have seen where I walked away from thinking that I got my moneys worth.  George is old school, just stands there and spits out one liners and it seems he can go on for hours and hours if he wanted to.  After 2 hours I still wanted him to go longer.  Go see him, you won't be sorry.
5	I vaguely heard of George Wallace prior to going to the show.  Now I was in Las Vegas for some much needed R&R.  And, I heard George Wallace had the best 10:00 p.m. show.  So, I figured why not give him a shot.  Boy I am glad I did.  Man, he was funny as hell.  I laughed from the start to the end, no easy task for someone like me because I am a comedy club veteran.  Hey, if you are in Las Vegas, it's a must. I am still laughing.
5	VERY funny!!! Also, he did a two hour show instead of a one hour show, and judging by his format, it seemed like he must always do that(?) I'd look for the buy-one-get one-free coupons in the pack they give u when checking into the Flamingo. I dare say I liked VINNIE FAVORITO better, but George Wallace came in a very close second. Then third place "The Improv." Defending The Caveman wasn't funny at all and completely sucked!! I also saw the Comedy Magician guy.. I forget his name (I guess that's a sign... and unless u are a magic obssessed person, it wasn't that great... Not "comedy" for sure. More or less a good place to bring your kids for a ticket price of $10 each or less). Anyways, Vinnie Favorito and George Wallace would be worth every cent of the ticket price of $55 a pair!! :-D Oh, and I also saw Human Nature (a quartet of four singing guys, like NSYNC, Backstreet Boys, Boys 2 Men, 98 Degrees etc) who sing Motown Classics, and they rocked!! I kept telling my boyfriend his parents would have enjoyed the heck out of that show too, bc they are super into Oldies music... I loved it too though. And Legends seemed entertaining, but I personally wouldn't pay more than $20 a Tix for them.
4	George Wallace kept me quite entertained at his show tonight. He gave several audience members some free gifts, DVD's, CD's, free dinners, etc. I was a little jealous that I didn't get anything but you know it was nice to laugh.He had some hillarious Yo Momma jokes, some airport TSA jokes, some police officer jokes, etc. He seemed to be a little frail on stage as he is an older gentleman with his signature Kangol hat. It was really funny where he pointed out not so smart statements that local Las Vegas residents make such as "if we have it in the store, it is in stock" at the largest souvenir store on the strip.If you read his biography on wikipedia, I can see why he was voted one of the greatest comedians of all time.
4	Thanks to Yelp, I had a free ticket to this show. And I was pleasantly surprised. I wound up having a great time!The theatre itself is typical Vegas old-school. Assigned booths and seats at group tables. Dark and red. Overall, a good ambiance.The show itself was a lot of fun and very funny. The first part of the show was just interactions with the audience members. And that really was some of his funniest stuff. Some of the other stuff was clearly older, as it was stuff I already read in the reviews - but funny all the same. It's a long show, but definitely doesn't feel long. I could have easily sat there for another hour or so (which is something I can't say about many other Vegas shows).For a comedy show, I would without hesitation recommend this one.
5	This show is HILLARIOUS.  Worth seeing EVERY time you're in Vegas.  Great for going with friends.
5	This is well worth every penny!  My boyfriend treated us to VIP tickets for this show during NYE weekend.  We had so much fun.  The show was simply awesome, funny as hell and very interactive.  There are so many favorite parts.  I especially liked the "Been Thinking" videos that previewed  before George Wallace came on stage.  Then there was George!  This was my first time seeing or hearing about him so I was not sure what to expect.  His show was entertaining and inviting.  I could not help but feel like I hope he ask me where I am from as he did  to random audience members.I plan on going again when I visit Vegas with my best friends!!!
1	Hated it.  Boring.  Wasn't funny at all.  I can't believe people pay to go see him.
4	This guy is still crazy as all outdoors!  You can tell that he is getting up in age, but his wits are as sharp as ever.  His humor can appeal to everyone, but some of his jokes are what some would consider "Black" humor.  You can definitely tell a veteran in the comedy game by his interaction with the audience, and G. Wallace definitely has mastered that art.  Take the time to see this guy perform.
2	I was very excited about seeing this show after I saw him on a late night talk show. The tickets say 12+, so I was under the impression the comedy would be clean, but because there were no children in the audience, he started swearing and some of his jokes were a bit off color.Also, it was a Thursday night so he did a lot of talking to the audience which ate into about half the time, and it wasn't very entertaining. Toward the end, he started telling jokes and they were good, but you can tell he's getting old and it wasn't as good as I'd hoped.However, as a Christian, I thank God I upgraded to the 3rd row for free upon arrival and I appreciated the videos he showed pre and post the show.
4	I have now seen George Wallace's show 3 times.  Many of the jokes and routines are the same.  Much changes from night to night based on his banter with the audience.He always asks where people are from and makes a comment about being there the day before.  It gets a lot of laughs after people realize what he's up to.The jokes about people saying stupid things are reruns but they are always very funny.  I especially like his convenience store jokes.  They are so true.There was something new last night.  He asked if there were any preachers in the audience.  Two people identified themselves as being clergy and they were asked to come to the foot of the stage.  Go see the show to see what happened.  Lesson to potential show goers -- never volunteer information unless you want to become part of the show.  This is a very decent show and very entertaining.  Wallace has a lot of energy.  The show started at about 10:05 and he went to 11:40 without stopping.  You certainly get your money's worth.
4	I had always been interested in seeing George Wallace because I like his material so when we were able to get a good deal because of the hotel we stayed at we did. I believe the show is only scheduled for an hour, but in our show he performed for 2 hours without a break, so we really got our money's worth there. He also has a very good banter with the audience and his normal materiel is funny as well.  If you are in the mood for a comedy show then check this show out.
4	I didn't know what to expect when it came to the George Wallace show because there are very few standup comedians that I find funny but George Wallace was definitely on the money that night.The show was set to start at 10pm and we started minutes after and didn't end until after midnight so we enjoyed ourselves. George was very funny and he calls out random people so watch out and make sure you're on time to the show! If you're looking for a comedy show then check out George Wallace!
3	When we visited Las Vegas, this was something we wanted to see. The show was OK, but my husband really really enjoyed it. We got our tickets for sitting thru a timeshare presentation. It was long and somewhat boring. But we got our money's worth. After the show we got to meet George Wallace. The only thing I didn't like is that we couldn't take a picture with him.......
1	This show was absolutely horrible. For $60 a ticket, I expect at least a few chuckles. Instead I got a burned out guy who threatened to just go around the room and ask everyone their name and occupation. I guess the joke was on me when he actually proceeded to do so...his jokes were tired and old and he sat down during the whole performance. Dude, you work one freakin' hour a day and you can't stand up during your "Stand-Up" act?! Sometime during the first fifteen minutes of the show, it morphed into a spiel on church and never let up. Jokes should be universal and varied but he kept that theme up throughout. If you want to go see comedy, go anyplace else. If you want an expensive sermon on the strip, go see Wallace.
1	Not very good. And I was hopeful. I saw him 25 years ago and he was hilarious. Not as much now.
3	I wasn't that amused but, my husband was.  He enjoyed the show.  I was wondering why people had small children in there when the ticket said explicit language used?  I think because there were so many children at the show that night , that George censored himself  which made the show less desirable.  I also felt cheated because I was promised a meet and greet with the VIP ticket purchase and it was more like hi and bye.  I would like to have a refund please!!!! I skipped the free buffet to meet George and that really didn't happen and I could even get a picture because the casino doesn't allow it.  That really sucked for me!  I gave a 3 star rating because my husband still thought it was a funny show.  Hummmmmm....
1	HORRIBLE! Such a waste of money. His jokes are all POLITICAL...if you don't have his views then its an hour long lecture. He then pretends to have a preacher lady from audience sing unexpectedly...but she's singing to a track in the background?? All set up. He needs to retire, I'm sorry to say he was better 10 years ago.
1	Horrible!  Ramblings of an old man. The show put us to sleep! The past two vegas shows have been a complete rip off with the host even telling the audience "ha ha got your money now sit in detention".  No more pride.
3	I was here with my sister for her birthday. She booked the tickets for this show - I was kinda leery. We went on a Thursday night. Not crowded at all. George Wallace decided that he didn't have a stand up "act" to do and that he was going to talk about things in the news. Boo!If I wanted a "lecture", I coulda have called my dad!We laughed a few times at his jokes - but not enough that I would want to come back to see him again.We had great seats. The tix say VIP - Meet George Wallace & free CDOur meeting George Wallace was rushed. He couldn't take a picture with the birthday girl (he pointed to the cameras that were watching from the sky). He autographed the CD for us, told us we looked lovely and yelled for the next group of folks to "step on up"
1	Just this past week I attended Mr. George Wallace's overly religious, bigoted and racist review. Let me just say, Mr. Wallace, your racist remarks & bigoted comments suggest... its time to RETIRE! NOT funny! NOT entertaining! NOT worth the money or time!
2	What. The. Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck?????!!I was stone-cold sober last night, I SWEAR. I went to see George Wallace, expecting a middle-of-the-road Vegas standup show. Some laffs, some audience participation, whatever. What do you expect for free tickets, ya know?What I got was about 60 minutes of a cherubic relic in a pimp suit mumbling, slurring and stumbling through a bunch of dusty one-liners (sometimes his delivery was so bad, I couldn't understand what he was saying). There were a few jokes in really bad taste, though, about which he was totally unapologetic...so I did laugh at those.But then, the show got WEIRD AS FUCK!As one of the other reviewers mentioned, the audience is mostly middle-aged black people. Now, I've seen Madea and Coming to America and all those movies that end with church scenes featuring gospel singers clapping and throwing up their hands and singing "O Happy Day" and shit like that -- I thought it was some bullshit racist Hollywood stereotype.But I'm here to tell you: at end of his show, on a Wednesday night in Vegas, George Wallace asked all the ministers in the house to stand up -- astonishingly, there were 7 or 8 of them in there that night, so they all got up and passed the mic around, saying their names, where they were from, and what church they preached at:"The First African Episcopalian Tabernacle Church of God in Christ," stuff like that.  WTF!!! Now George Wallace cued some 80s gospel music, and handed the mic around again. This one guy down front started belting away in a majestic baritone, somehow knowing all the words without a problem. Was he a plant? Or do all ministers just know these songs, and happen to frequent the George Wallace show (other reviewers here describe this same thing going down)? Next, he invited another one of the ministers, this big spiky-haired woman, onstage. He told her if she could sing this next track, and really kill it, he would match all the money people in the audience threw at her. WTF?! He didn't say anything about it going to her church -- I guess she just got to keep the cash. So he cued up another obscure gospel track, and she took the mic -- and started DOMINATING that song!! I thought for sure she must be a plant -- she'd been sitting in a booth with a bunch of much younger guys who had raised their hands earlier when Wallace asked if anyone was from Detroit, but she said she was from Henderson...plus, they didn't react like friends would when she was pulled up onstage. Definitely seemed plant-y.But if that's the case, then what a scam!!! Because after she belted a verse or two, people in the audience started getting up and throwing cash at her!!! They came from all over the theater -- the back, sides, front -- and even my friend went up and gave her $5, so I know the money wasn't all fake. People were standing up in the aisles, waving their hands in the air like on those creepy megachurch broadcasts, singing along and praising Jesus. Did I mention this was a Wednesday night in Vegas, and most of them were drinking Mai Tais and shit!!!!! WTF!!!If this lady was really a plant, she has a pretty sweet gig going there -- she probably made about $100 for her "impromptu" performance, which I assume she repeated the following night...and the following night. George Wallace said he would match the money after the show -- he said, "Come see me, and I'll give you $100." Hmmm. Now that I think about it...the theater was only about a third full, and as mentioned my friends and I had gotten free tickets, so who knows how many other comps were in there. He's probably not making much money, since he spent a good portion of the show hawking his merch -- he told people over and over to be sure and buy one of his signature "I Be Thinkin'" hats after the show, which were normally $30 but this night only, just for us, he was marking them down to $20. He also pimped his $100 package, which included 2 CDs, 2 DVDs, 2 t-shirts and 2 keychains. It came off as kinda swap-meetish, and pretty desperate...so that makes me wonder: is he splitting the take with this planted gospel singer???Either way, even if she was for real -- that's pretty fucking weird, too! I mean, these people were throwing money at her like it was the Spearmint Rhino!! WEIRD show. I would recommend scoring free tix somewhere, then eating mushrooms 30min before it starts.And if you do -- be sure to let me know if the same lady gets up and sings! She looked like a fat Fantasia Barrino, with short spiky hair and a toothy smile.
1	We went to see George Wallace in late July on a Wed night. We paid for VIP tickets online because it sounded like a good deal with seats close to the stage and our picture taken with him after the show. Unfortunately the whole experience was a big disappointment first of all the theater is quite old & shabby, the so called VIP seating was indeed near the stage but the chairs were like old kitchen chairs set so close together we had difficulty getting to them or out of them without climbing over the person sitting next to you, then when we finally sat down we weren't actually given a table just the chair so when  the waitress came around and  asked if we wanted drinks we declined because where we were supposed to set them? On the table directly in back of us I suppose so anytime we wanted a drink we would have to turn and reach for it so no thanks!We also experienced the whole is there any preachers in the audience? Female preacher from Henderson who just happened to be in the audience and could belt out the song, collect cash that was thrown on the stage  from an unsuspecting audience  That this was a total plant show! We were just very disappointed because we thought he would of given a much better show and we didn't quite get the need to deceive paying customers. Just wondering if the woman was actually a minister I think not also nothing was mentioned at the end of the show about our pictures being taken with him it seems he was more about hawking his CD/DVD and other stuff right after the show and again no thanks! Oh, just a note to the stage maintenance staff the woodwork near the floor is  cracked and  splintered in some areas and the actual stage floor was very dusty and could use  a good sweeping in general  the whole theater is just so sad looking we won't be back.
2	Not the best show I've been to. I think this comedian is really so into himself that when I was watching the show, he was talking mostly about himself. I had a few times when I kept thinking to myself "I'm getting bored. PLEASE make me laugh!"
4	I have heard George Wallace's headlining stand-up act at the Flamingo Showroom three times. A lot of his residency here in Vegas is definitely structured around observational humour, which is where a comedian or comic or stand-up artist or whatever you want to call them involves the crowd. They "pick" on their patrons.Usually, they brutally and without mercy assail the members of the crowd with their most harshest and hurtful jokes. (I love it!) In this regard, George Wallace is pretty tame by comparison to his peers. It is mainly geographical quips and observations, and many are clearly queued in his mind since those that attend his show will usually be from the same places. He has plenty of Las Vegas jokes so locals will not be left out. This is not Lisa Lampanelli so just relax. If you are seated around the stage you will get talked to. Even if you are seated in the cheaper seats (Pro Tip: there are no bad seats in this showroom), you might be asked where you are from. The first time I went, Wallace had some African American lady -- who was supposed to be an audience member -- sing some gospel songs. Was the lady a plant? Maybe. (Who cares?) I dropped some money on stage (kinda hard not to when you are sitting right next to it) and hope that it went well used. The second time I went, this was not done at all. It was a weekday show and he performed for about two hours. And the third time I went, which was just a couple of days after the second show, the lady was again not a part of the show. This was a Friday night. While not scientific or even conclusive by any means, you can be somewhat assured that the Church Gospel sing-a-long -- at least with the lady -- will probably not be taking place when you attend, unless that is you get in a time machine or acquire a Delorean. This is the best 10 P.M. show in Las Vegas! (Ignore the fact that it is the only one. I be thinkin'.) - E
5	After a rough week of work.  Laughter will ease all pains.  Thats what I got.  After 2+ hours.  Life is good again.  Had a massage earlier today and this was truly the perfect ending to the day.  It was announced his show will end in 2 weeks. Vegas will miss this show. See it before its gone people.  Good laughs. I'm gonna try to repeat a lot of them going forward
