5	...as Johnny Depp leans forward, placing a morsel of dark chocolate to my lips......oh...er...sorry, was I daydreaming?  *blush*  Ha ha...silly me.Although your senses do get a bit of a shock when you first walk in to Chocolate Surprise.  It's a small shop near Brookside Bar & Grill that's easy to miss but definitely hard to forget.More like an art museum than a chocolatier, you immediately are greeted by a showcase of their chocolate offerings displayed so beautifully that I wanted to try every one of them.  At $1.50 per truffle, it's not a cheap food, but treating oneself once in awhile is a must.  Look at it this way - the prices make you want to pick up a few, but not go on a chocolate binge to ruin the 2 hour workout.Their menu is like ordering sushi.  All of their truffles are listed with a brief explanation.  Everything is handmade at the location and handpainted by the two Masters of Chocolate...even down to a miniature "abstract" painting, in the words of Stan, one of the owners.So now we get down to the nitty gritty...how does it taste?The Green Tea Truffle was by far my favorite.  If you like dark chocolate and the light fragrant scent of green tea, you'll love this one.  Yum!My second favorite was the Thai Tea Truffle mainly because at first you didn't notice the tea flavor, and suddenly on an inhale, the flavor completely permeated around my mouth.Third was the Hazelnut Toffee Truffle.  Hazelnut and Toffee...match made in chocolate heaven.Fourth was the Passionfruit Truffle.  You could definitely taste the passionfruit, although it too kind of snuck up.Fifth - the Arboli Truffle.  While it was an ok taste, I would have liked the chili flavor to have been slightly more pronounced.In tie for sixth place was the Rose Truffle and Caramel Sushi.  The Rose Truffle was supposed to be infused with rose nectar, but it was so light the chocolate overpowered anything else.  The caramel sushi while still tasty was only a miniature rice crispy with thick (albeit good) caramel on top.  Both didn't really excite me much.They have many other flavors and I look forward to returning to try some others.  The owners were wonderful to talk to and really seemed knowledgeable.  Definitely not art snobs, although they are extremely proud of their work, and have every right to be.This shop is a luxury for sure, but something that my eyes, nose, and definitely my tongue will long for.Johnny Depp or not.~le sigh~
4	CHOCO-YUM-YUMS are here!!!  This specialty shop showcases select, handmade chocolates all hand crafted in the store.  A wall of pre-packaged chocolates in various sizes and prices are displayed on multiple shelves along one wall.  In the center of the room are glass cases, exhibiting all the truffle possibilities available.  They also sell blocks of fudge, if you're not in the mood for truffles.I inquired as to the most popular selections and was directed to the raspberry stardust & Arboli truffles.  To round out my 4-pack, I also selected the hazelnut toffee & Madagascar caramel fantasy.  They packaged my tiny cacao inspired goodies in a shiny black box & tied it up with a wide ribbon.  I almost felt guilty opening the box when I got home because most items you purchase for yourself don't come wrapped in such manner.  I just had the Arboli, which was the most exotic of my sweet surprises.  It had South American chili and Saigon cinnamon with a smooth dark chocolate.  If I had a signature chocolate it would be this one because it was sweet and spicy--loved it!!!!  The only downside is that these tiny treasures are not cheap, as previously stated.  However, the high quality ingredients, freshness and presentation make it worthwhile.  These truffles make great gifts for others or yourself.
5	****Update*****Chocolate Surprise is now offering iced liquid chocolate. If you haven't come to Chocolate Surprise yet...come for this amazing drink that you will simply not believe. Seriously. Stop what you are doing and go today. OhMyGodI have traveled the world and have been lucky enough to taste chocolate in some of the most wonderful chocolatiers in the world. Chocolate Surprise not only meets, but SURPASSES some of the finest chocolates in the world. The chocolates are so delectable, beautifully designed and will cause near orgasmic responses from your taste buds. There is literally something for everyone at this little shop in Surprise. There are chocolate picture frames, chocolate covered pretzels, chocolate covered expresso beans, chocolate roses, and the most beautifully designed hand-made truffles and treats that it's hard to pick what to try. Fortunately, you can always come back the next day and start all over again.Stop what you are doing and head to this beautiful store right now. You will not regret it.
5	Liquid.  Chocolate.Holy. Crap.Chocolate lovers unite!!  Urgent meeting at Chocolate Surprise!!I had their iced mocha/chocolate today... omg.  The guy called it "Jet Fuel". hehe  It was SO GOOD... you gotta try it. Seriously.We got the half pound of belgian chocolates... tried two of the chocolates when we got home... omg.That's all I can say.OMG.The guy up front is a true artist (I'm sorry, I didn't get his name) who enjoys his artistry and chemistry work with chocolate.  He knows what he is doing.  He even has this beautiful picture frame piece that he did... he showed it to us.  You can see a picture of it on their website listed here.  It's gorgeous... and completely edible.I am super pleased with our experience.  We'll be back... they have some awesome gift ideas... and who doesn't like chocolate?
5	I'm surprised this place hasn't been review more! Talk about supporting local business! This place is amazing; from the moment you walk in to the moment you walk out, smiling at the orgasmic chocolate you just bought.  Everything is made with such love, and the shop owner stands 120% behind their product.  I love it, I hope that more people go to visit because that place is definitely a rare gem in Surprise. We need a Phoenix Surprise, Tempe Surprise, Scottsdale Surprise.
5	Closed.  Sadly.We stopped by and there is a note on the door for eviction.
