3	I used to love Old Navy until they pulled a Hooter's and moved out to Matthews and closed their Cotswold store, the only one near me. SO, now I rarely go to Old Navy.Old Navy's clothing has changed over the years as they have tried to become like trendier teen stores such as American Eagle Outfitters. Shirts are thinner fabric, dresses have less fabric, and pants have tighter fabrics...nothing fits the same way it used to, and the removal of the "perfect" fit and the "relaxed" fits have dumbed it down to just another over-priced clothing chain with crappy clothes. Clothing sizes aren't the same, I wore a extra small in sweatpants and an extra large in shorts...this led to a lot of guessing and going back and forth to the crowded dressing rooms at this location.Anyway, This store is pretty clean with the exception of the clearance section, which has shoes and broken hangers lying all over the ground. Online styles can be found here, pretty much every size is in stock. Great music is played in the store and it's an okay experience if you hit them up at the right time.
3	When I do need some clothes, this is a pretty reliable store as far as finding what you need pretty quickly.  There have been times where the register lines get pretty long, but not unbearable.  Be prepared for the embarrassing situations where you find yourself and a complete stranger wearing the same witty t-shirt that you assume are the only person that purchases it from the store.
3	I used to be a frequent Old Navy shopper until the shorts and skirts started showing your cracks and crevices and the tops and dresses started getting cut so low that I had porn cleavage at work.  I still like their tshirts and tanks though, as I ruin that type of garment pretty quickly, so there is no need to spend big bucks on items I will probably only get 5 wears from.Visiting the day before Labor Day, during their 30% off everything sale, I couldn't find anything in my size.  Apparently all of the fatties had been there the day before.  They didn't have my size in white layering camis or any of the sweaters with critters on them.  I can't wear their cotton button up tops because I have boobs.  They didn't have any of the vneck tees that I like in anything but that hideous, thin heathered material.  I found a few cute scarves that I could have fit into, but by the time I got those I was so disgusted with not finding anything else that I was too bummed to spend money.They store was clean.  The woman who asked if I was finding everything was pleasant, even when I asked if a stampede of big girls came through because I couldn't find my size in anything.  I will stick to online where I don't have to route though racks of XS and M to find clothes that fit.
1	Terrible. I drove all the way to Matthews from Huntersville for pants that they said were in stock. I'm extremely disappointed that they were NOT. Thanks for wasting my time with inaccurate stock counts Old Navy!
