4	this was a fun course to play.  the conditions were pretty good, and the "theme" was novel.
4	Now if you want a taste of the best of British golf, come to Royal Links. Here they have faithful recreations of the some of most famous holes in the Open Championship rota. Situated east of the Las Vegas Strip, Royal Links is a short drive from your car or from your cab.The clubhouse resembles an old British castle, there's also a huge replica of the Claret Jug (Open Championship trophy). Now, if you're familiar with the British courses, some of the most famous holes in golf are here. The second hole resembles the famous Road Hole from St. Andrew's. It plays the same distance and just like St. Andrews, one has to hit the ball over the scoreboard to be in prime position for the next shot. Along with that, the famous 6 foot deep bunker on the same hole is well represented as well. Also, the famous postage stamp hole is featured at Royal Links too. A 140 yard hole to a "postage stamp" sized green, full of deep bunkers and rolling undulations. Now all of these holes don't play into a harsh 40mph wind that you usually face when playing in Britain...errr, Scotland (sorry my Scottish friends)....but you're playing these courses in the mild and sometimes hot Las Vegas heat.Green fees though are out of control....minus a star here. This place would be perfect if prime time green fees were not $275! But it's Vegas, if a small room at Mandalay Bay costs three times the green fees here, who can blame them for the price. Last, this is the type of place where you MUST reserve a tee time. I don't think they take walk ups, I've never tried. Maybe they do, just call the pro shop or check the website for a tee time.
4	This course doesn't even have a slope rating, because it would be so high. The bunkers are ridiculous. Don't plan on shooting a career round, but if you want a really good time, this is a good choice. About a $25/$30 cab ride from the strip. The restaurant is good; some pictures included.
4	Loved the course, but it could prove too difficult for some. Truthfully, you should be expecting it, considering the course is modeled after golf holes from British Opens. I did write a full review with lots of pics here: http://danperry.com/wordpress/royal-links-review/Personally loved the challenge, but if you're playing with folks who just want to golf in Vegas on a fat-fairway, easy course, this is probably not it. If you want a challenge, it's all good.
5	Super cool course in Vegas, but you swear you are in the motherland.  It is actually a collection of several classic holes on the British Open Tour.  The Club House is like an old Scottish castle.  The Course is very much a links style, super difficult pot bunkers, no trees or shrubs of any kind.  The cart paths are also not paved, just dirt and rocks.Some of the inspired holes consist of: the "Road Hole" and "Hell Bunker" from the Old Course at St. Andrews and the "Postage Stamp" from Royal Troon.An "unoriginal" course, but a great idea - only in Vegas...
5	This is a really fun course to play, especially for someone like me who had not yet been to the home of golf :-(.  Even better was the real deal that I got on golfnow.com (only ?? $125).  My wife decided to come with me, and I always get nervous when I play with her.  She does not golf much, but is very observant and has great swing tips.  The course was almost empty, and so they did not charge my wife the $25 they usually do.  To put the icing on the cake, I shot a really sweet score, my wife actually thinks I know what I'm doing on the course. Everything that's been said about the course is true.  The course is in superb shape, the greens roll fast and true, and the bunkers are just murder.  I had to go sideways each time I was in one of the fairway bunkers.  The road hole that was 'inspired' by St. Andrews #17 is definitely the coolest hole on the course (Par)!!!!! One final note, the club house is a castle and was amazing, and the breakfast burrito (which was HUGE) was nice, as were the people in the pro shop.  The huge claret jug is a little cheesy, but hey, it's Vegas, so anything goes. Definitely play the course if you can, it is super cool, in GREAT shape and great value for money.  Even though I gave this course 5 stars, I think that I have played other amazing ones (Pasatiempo, Spanish Bay, Stanford Univ. to name a few) and in pure golfing terms, IMHO these are much better designs.
5	What more could you ask for?   Its a course designed after some of the great courses in England, Scotland, and Ireland...    some of the holes are quite tricky, but its a fun course.... I actually par'd all of the par 3's on the course... which made it for a better round... The service was tremendous and the course was well kept.  Fear not, yelpers... this is a good one!
4	Played the course the last two days, early. The place is really fun, the overseeded rye greens are pretty decent this time of year, the fairways are in pretty decent shape, but there's dead spots and the bermuda is spotty. The greens are mostly good, but 1, 2, 5, 8 and 12 have always had some rough patches every time I've played. Don't get discouraged after playing the 1st two holes cause they get better and the back 9 is a real treat and most of the greens are really good. Its supposed to be a replica of British open holes put together on one track, and a lot of the holes are similar. But in all honesty you can't replicate them because of the climate and types of grasses. #12 is a beastly par 4 and #8 is the "postage stamp" hole and has a bunker left of the green that is about 10 feet deep, seriously, you will get lost down there.  Average players will not be able to hit it at the green if you find yourself in this bunker, (miss right off the tee) # of the par 5's head north, so hope for a south wind so you can have a chance to go for the green! There's a million bunkers and most of them are hidden from your site. I will bet any golfer out there that can break 90 that they can't play all 18 holes without getting in at least one. BTW they are extremely penal, and 80% of them you will be chipping out sideways or even backwards away from the flag/fairway! The 10th hole is the famous road hole, beware of the bunker short of the green and don't hit over the green. They even have a huge scoreboard that you aim over just like St. Andrews #17!!! It's a completely blind shot so from the back tees aim just a few yards right of the sign and swing hard! It would get 5 stars for the fun factor, but because of the "not awesome" condition it gets 4 stars from me. Mostly because of a couple bad lies I had in the fairway and because of some of the greens being in bad shape.Pro tip. Try the hot dog after your round or at the turn. It's Ridonkulous!  SO GOOD!
5	The course was in great shape. The holes and variety was great however the staff was exceptional. Everyone went way out of their way to make it a perfect day. Everyone was super nice, courteous and helpful. Charles and Chuck, thanks again for helping me out with my fax with the Hard Rock.Pasha
2	The service was good but the course not so good.  Wouldnt play here again.
2	Course was okay (not great) and the drink cart only came by once.
2	Surprising experience from a Walters Golf course!I took a few customers out here and pulled into the parking lot, excited for my round. I parked my car, and right next to me, there was one player services guy picking up a coworker from his car. They both just looked at me and didn't say a word to me and proceeded to drive away. I said, weird? Oh well!The guy who put our clubs on our bag did a terrible job strapping them on. My bag fell off the back of the cart on the second hole and now I have a dent in my Scotty Cameron putter shaft and a scratch across my $500 driver. Incredibly ridiculous!After our round, there was no one there to clean our clubs until we asked someone on the putting green where to park our carts. ONE guy walked out, and started cleaning the cart ahead of our carts. Let's do the math: 3 Carts + ONE player services guy = no $ from 2 carts that have to wait to get their clubs cleaned. I was told since there's a tournament right now, they can't shoot our bags to our car, but we can walk them if we'd like. After the round was over and I got back in my car, I felt like I played, saw, and experienced a beautifully kept Walters golf course. But I got the same service as Desert Rose Golf Course. Shocking for how much they want you to pay to play.
4	Very well taken care of fairways and greens just like i would expect from walters. I didn't encounter the bunkers except for 2....my problem was that thick savahna. You mishit your drive just a bit and you are on it. I enjoyed a course that isn't lined up with houses on both sides. I would describe this course as relatively difficult, a bit overpriced and a fun experience overall. I have never played any british open courses so i can't compare, but it was nice to have play something different. I do think they should provide water botttles with how much they are charging, but no biggie.
4	Will start by stating that I am not an avid golfer.  Most any course will challenge me!  For proximity to downtown, and good course conditions, I would return.  Some of the bunkers are the deepest I have ever seen. Royal links was a great way to start the work week in Vegas.
5	Great course.  Well maintained.  The staff is great from the moment you drive up. When in Las Vegas a must play for the price.
5	Here regularly with my fellow @Platinum_Tees & a great course with an amazing staff!
1	Played yesterday at Royal Links with my wife.The good: nice story about some of the holes that are in the British Open, very friendly staff, nice practice facility, good cheeseburgerThe bad: they do not overseed in the winter so you are hitting off of dormant Bermuda.. It is hard to see the ball and it is not visually appealing. The reason given is they were burned by a heat wave one year. I appreciate the honesty, but seriously you are going to charge north of 175/player and cheap out on the proper care and maintenance. Never saw that in Scottsdale or Palm Desert.  The rental clubs are older Callaway Razr that were not in the best of condition. Another gimmick is a beat the pro on a par three. There is no pro. Basically you 'bet' that you will hit the green. If you don't, whatever you bet, you get in a gift certificate to the pro shop. If you do, you get some additional bonus added to the gift certificate. I had looked in the pro shop while there and nothing caught my eye. It lessened the experience. Final bad part is that you are nowhere close to a place taxis go, so they call one for you. It took over an hour to get picked up.Conclusion: Not enough value given the price, cannot recommend until they do the right thing with maintenance.
4	Played RL with my husband today. I'm not a pro golfer by any means and he is better than me, but not a pro either (he shoots in the 90's for 18 holes). We took an one hour lesson with Ron because we hadn't golfed since the fall. It cost $135 total for the both of us, and was great! He gave us some good tips on swing and grip, and we were able to immediately apply them on the course. The green fee is high and the course is very Britsh links style with crazy bunkers and grasses. I would say it could be more maintained for the green fee you pay, but the people made up for that. The bartender/server in the pub was great, and so was his food. There was someone ready to clean our clubs and take care of our bags when we finished and they also called us a cab. It only took 20 minutes to get there. We had a great day and are going to play Desert Pines (also in the Walters group) tomorrow.  I was able to play all 18 holes today, without feeling intimidated or rushed, and really enjoyed it - even though I was challenged by how long the course was and how big the bunkers were. I think a lot of that had to do with our lesson. Thanks Ron!
2	1st off I was in between 1 and 3 stars.  Hence the 2!I arrived at the course all excited to play.  My group and I had a tee time at 9:30.  We arrived at 8:45 with the intention of using their practice facility and putting green to warm up.  Well we walk into the clubhouse to check in and the employee informs me that my tee time got cancelled.  With a dumbfounded look on my face I ask WHAT?  They said "yes, I don't know what happened but your time was cancelled and filled with somebody else."I ask "How can that be?"Response "I don't know"?ME: well what can we do about thisResponse: We can try and send you out at 10:50?ME: No that won't work because we have other plans and had a tee time at 9:30.  This screw up is not our fault.Response: Well let me see.  It looks like someone called in to cancel.  ME; HUH??, dumbfounded look???Response: Well, I don't know what to tell you.  It's either 10;50 or later.  We're really booked up.ME: This is a real inconvenience.  It is the mistake of the golf course and somebody that works here.  How are you going to make this right?Response:  After looking, We can send you out right now.  But that's all we can do.  Not wanting to wait over 2 hours to play a round that should've started 45 minutes from the time we arrived at the course, my party and I reluctantly agreed.  It made our front 9 horrible because of no warm up or practice time.  They took a little off our green fee to try and make up for the inconvenience but everything should've been handled way better.  The course wasn't even in the best condition.  When I saw it on Big Break, the greens and fairways looked completely different.     Very Upsetting!
4	Really good track. It was in fantastic shape. 3:20 round. The place was empty. Call day before and u should be able to make a deal for a better green fee
4	I've always enjoyed playing here and this last time was right on par. The staff is always friendly & helpful, starting from the bag drop, front desk, bartender and the cart girl. As for the golf, the course runs fast and I don't know if that's intentional to mimic links golf. I've always shot well here and maybe that's why I like the course so much. Now I try and see if I can recognize the holes when I see the originals during the Open Championship. This time out I had a Crystal as my Parmate Caddy and she was terrific. I had a great time during the round. After the round, sit at the bar for a few cocktails from Nacho. Nacho is one of the best bartenders around. Can't wait to play here again this fall,
4	We golfed here about 2pm on a Friday and had the course to ourselves. Of course there a lot of cool holes. My only complaint about the course is that a lot of the bunkers are hard packed sand and not well taken care of. The greens had been punched recently and wasn't told this when I booked my tee time. Would really like to comeback and play when the greens are not punched.
4	We played here in the middle of Las Vegas Maintenance Season this week in September so my expectations were not high.  Very nice "Scottish / English type clubhouse with nice bar and restaurant - ample ameneities.  Driving range complimentary balls adequate.Course and conditions were very good fairways and surrounding areas while the Greens were a little soft and bumpy which I'm attibuting to maintenace time and amount of play.  Course itself is LINKS cours desinged after 18 famous holes from abroad.Service and staff were excellent.  Would  not hesitate to play here again.
4	Being my first links course, I really didn't know what to expect when I got here. Driving up to the large main gate and castle looking clubhouse, I couldn't help but chuckle.... only in Vegas. After a quick check in and some great breakfast at the bar, I set to tee off. Mind you, I am not a great golfer but I still enjoyed playing this course quite a bit. I played with someone from the UK who has actually played many of the links courses Royal Links emulates. He said many of the holes are just about spot on and they did a great job with recreating some of the "best links holes in golf." My one tip about this course for those who have never played a links course before is to keep an eye on all your shots. Yes, I know this is golf and you should always do that. On this course though, you will always loose track of your ball because it will roll down a hill or behind a huge trap you do not see when you tee off. Also, be careful driving the cart on the course as there are many pot bunkers that are big enough to swallow your golf cart whole if you don't pay attention.
1	First of all, let me say, I loved the course.  Great links style...and my friends did too.  However, we showed up with 6 people and played in two threesomes.  No problem...or so I thought.  I get home and lo and behold: $298 charged to my credit card!?!  They charged me for 2 rounds that I didn't even play???  Why would a golf course do that?  True, we called and set up tee times back to back but how does a golf course have the nerve to charge for rounds not played?  I've never had this happen before at any golf course and I've played plenty over my lifetime. By the way, Nancy was super nice and gave great customer service.  But someone decided it was in "their best interest" to squeeze us for 2 extra rounds.  Unreal.
5	Played June 21. The course is in great shape for summer conditions. Great layout. Staff in golf shop and restaurant were positive and professional. Layout is long and tight but not too difficult for a mid handicap.
2	A big disappointment. Greens were aerated a few weeks ago and were in terrible shape. Had we been told about this, would have played elsewhere.  Course play management was non existent which slowed us down. Overall, a forgettable course. Much better places to play when in Las Vegas.
2	Poor condition.  Greens were aerated and they never told us when we got there. In June we should have excellent conditions.   Slow play and no one home to move things along.   No better than a public course that should charge $30Will never play there again
5	Played 8/18/2014I thought it was going to be a bit cheesy, but the course was fantastic. The rental clubs were pretty good, but I kinda wish I had my own set that day because it was very windy (very authentic...).I played from the back tees (purple?) even though my skill level is probably at the gold tees (second to back). I'm kinda glad I did because from the gold tees many hazards would be in play for my driver distance (250 yards on average, 270 max) were out of play from the back tees.Everybody was very friendly and nice, and I practically had the course to myself. I'm coming again with my own clubs so that I can hit lower shots.
4	Played at the end of August and the course was in good shape.  It's worth it if you could play for around $80 for the round.
5	Played here yesterday with an early morning tee time.  Service is fantastic with attendants to load and clean your clubs and valet your car.  Free yardage book, towels, and cooler on the cart.I'm not big links golf fan but I had a blast here.   Lush soft fairways and speedy greens.  Are we even in the desert?I never made it into a bunker but my wife did several times and some are scary deep.  This course is long at about 7000 yards but totally playable.I personally wouldn't pay more than $100 for this course but if you like this links style it's probably worth it.  Either way fantastic course.
5	Super fun and unique links style course with the holes copied from various places in the UK.  Superb service, friendly staff, and great golf.  I loved it - totally different from everything else I have played.  Greens were in great shape, there is a nice practice facility, and nice carts.  Just an great experience that I will play every time I come to vegas.
2	I do not give many reviews on yelp but the rating for this is nowhere near representative of the course. This course is nowhere near worth the greens fees they charge. Not to mention the $100 in cab fares to get there and back. It's nowhere close to the strip. I have legit played munis better than this course. Star added because my buddy did it too big the night before and didn't make the tee time and they let me use his green fee that I had pre paid as pro shop credit.
5	This was a great track and fun to play.  Greens were perfect, had to be 11' on the stimp.  Fairways weren't over seeded but the ball rolled a mile and I always had a good tight lie.  Really was like playing in Scotland!  Staff was awesome and very accommodating.  I highly recommend playing here and I will certainly be back!
