3	I want to love this thrift store, but I don't. Maybe it's because we're still getting to know each other.  First off, this is a relatively new thrift store that's only been open a matter of months. So, on the plus side, it's in very clean condition. It's also well-organized and items are laid out nicely and not just dumped onto shelves. There seems to be some thought paid to making displays look neat and uncluttered. Also in its favor: this store's salespeople are super-friendly and seem happy to be there (unlike the grouches at the southside Salvation Army). There are nice, unexpected touches here and there too - for example, measurements are listed on the tags of yards of fabric for sale (I can't think of another thrift store in town that bothers to provide this helpful information).The selection isn't vast yet, but it's decent enough (the dishware area even includes a small selection of barware - sweet!). You'll find clothing for men, women, and children (including juniors and plus sizes); knick-knacks; dishes; books and board games; furniture and lamps; linens; and some religious items. Clothing is generally in good shape, too - you'll see fewer stains and snags.Sounds good so far, right? My biggest gripe is with the pricing, which is schizophrenic, especially with regard to vintage items. A small McCoy planter is not worth $20 if it has a huge crack in it that runs the entire length of the piece; a vintage purse is not worth $30 if it's stained, frayed, and has a broken zipper. Whoever prices these items seems to think that just by virtue of being old an item is intrinsically valuable. It's not. And the things that effect value - condition, name, commonness - are not taken into account with regard to pricing. Thus, pricing is all over the place and doesn't make much sense, so be prepared for that. Does this mean you won't find bargains or cool stuff? Heck no. I mean, like any thrift store what you'll find is largely luck of the draw. I've been to this particular store about a dozen times. Once I found a pair of cute vintage pajamas for around $5, as well as some Melmac plastic cups and saucers for 50 cents a set. At one point they had a huge collection of old-new-stock wide men's ties from the 1960s in awesome patterns that sold for $3 a piece. I HAVE found some great stuff here and I WILL go back, but I'm still annoyed with the pricing and feel the store could improve by expanding its selection. Perhaps it will in time.Open Monday through Saturday 9 AM to 8 PM; closed Sundays. Lots of parking.Daily specials include the following: Discounts for seniors on Mondays, kids on Tuesdays, ladies on Wednesdays, and men on Fridays; Thursdays offer 50% off "upscale clothing" and Saturdays feature a price of 99 cents for all items with a certain color tag.
4	Scored designer duds today: BCBG Paris dress, Diane von Furstenberg suit (new with tags), and Michael Kors slacks ($18 total for those three). Some great vintage dresses and a mink poodle brooch from the 1950s. Sweet!
3	Now can check this location off the list! I took a client here for a clothing voucher unfortunately they did not find much in the men's section. However I was tickled pink with what i found. Overall selection in the store is just ok, not awesome but awesome for me! It was not empty though they did have a reasonable amount of inventory. Back to my scores: 6 adorable vintage Japanware mugs beige with double fingergrips 5$. 1 kelly green Calving Klein chiffon A line dress, its a size eight the only issue is it smushes my boobs but out well $8.99. 1 Free People purple and grey tank with beading detail $8.99.  1. vintage 80's or 60's full length black sequined indian style skirt, 100% silk $3.99, The skirt waistband is broken but I am going to make something out of it. Store was very nice and clean and the staff helpful and courteous. thrift factor 3/5antique factor 1/5 --- not much to be had they had a huge selection of vintage leather jackets and coats though. picked over factor 4/5 fair amount of stuff here.
2	This is a small, reasonably clean and well-lit thrift store that is worth checking out if you are in the area. Their electronics tend to be overpriced, especially when we are talking about items like VCRs and CRT televisions!The last time I was here, my only find was a Christmas special on VHS which, when I got home, I realized was broken. Sad.However, I've made some good finds in their houseware section on previous visits.
