3	I went here last night with a friend and I was excited to try a new tapas place.  She warned me the food was uneven and she was right.  The house where the restaurant is located is pretty cool, really dark red wood and a very relaxing vibe.  The outdoor seating is a must with plenty  of space and a covered top.  The fishpond is also a nice touch.  The service was really good with a couple of waiters serving.   The wine selection is very reasonable with most bottles less than $35.  I didn't get a chance to try the sangria, but I  hear  it is good.  The food is served a little too quick, felt like I was being rushed to finish by the pacing of the food even though the place was pretty empty.  We started with a nice chardonnay from chile.  Chilean wines are really good and cheap.  The warm bread and dipping oil were about average.  Okay, the food.   It was very uneven.  The bruschetta was out of this world, with a delicious thick balsamic.  The filet wrapped in serrano ham was pretty good, but not memorable.  The goat chops were a big mistake.  It was super tough and basically inedible.  Goat can be good if it's marinated for a long time.  Mallorca does a pretty good job with this unusual meat.  We tried a scallop dish with a bechamel sauce.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and delicious and very rich with this cream sauce.  Another scallop dish that was amazing was seared scallops with three different sauces.  The sauces were okay, but the scallops were big, tender and cooked perfectly.  I also tried the beef carpaccio, which wasn't that good.  I didn't think the quality of the meat was good and a sure give away was when it was served drowned in oil and capers.  Go to dish for beef carpaccio.  Tapas is a fun way to dine, but this isn't the place to go for tapas.  Go to  Ibiza.
4	Good overall experience--was there early on a Sunday, so the service was great (only one other party there).  Good Mojitos.  The food also very flavorful--particularly the prawns in white wine -- excellent!   Good value, and the outdoor space is really relaxing, really nice.  Nothing not to like here.
5	The best Tapa's place in Pittsburgh. Everything we tried was exceptionaly delicious. Service was very attentive and the place had a very nice vibe. Great martinis too!
5	It was a perfect day. The sun was shining, the sangria was flowing, and  the paella...divine. Omar greeted me like family, but moms never cooked like this. Everything I tasted was heavenly, from salad to flan and back again. Who woulda thunk I could find such great tapas so far from San Francisco? I'll be back!
5	From the beginning to the end, not a dull moment.  Hostess was vibrant and lively, drink was tasty and food was superb.  The grilled calamari, the seafood saute, the paella, THE DESSERTS(!), all A #1.  With just a tiny kitchen, the chef puts out an amazing array of food items.  Had dinner once before Christmas and lunch right after Christmas.  Can't wait to go back in the warm months to check out the patio and fish pond. Thanks again to Omar and crew.
3	The food can be uneven -- the same dish can taste great one night and off the mark another night.  However, their hits outnumber their misses.  The service is convivial, but it can be rather slow.
3	I agree that the food is uneven. Much of it is good, like the paella, but some of it is nothing special. A pitcher of Sangria is quite pricey here, but the staff seem to have a multi-national background and are interesting.
4	Big fan. Love their sangria. All the dishes I've had are very good. I wish they hadn't change their menu though and taken away the delicious fried calamari. Also, they have a happy hour from 5-7 Mon thru Fri with most of their dishes for just $5.
2	I rate this place on par with Ibiza in Southside...overpriced with a great cool ambiance with average food. I had taken my husband here for his birthday and felt awful after because it did not meet our expectations. I ended up taking him out again another night to make up for this place. The sangria here though is definitely awesome. I do feel that some things were a little better than others...the seafood (hot) for one. I think that was the most disconcerting part though...that you just had no idea of what would be good and what wouldn't be...kind of all over the place. A lot of the dishes just seemed like small portions of an average dinner plate versus true tapas. Staff and people were very friendly, but most likely I will not be going back.
4	We love this place. The waiters and bartenders are unique. The new menu now has Moroccan dishes. A nice Spanish tappas and Moroccan mix. The owners are Moroccan so you can bet this is the real deal. You will get a full glass of wine for the money and during the summer the patio is awesome. The crowd on Ellsworth Ave can be entertaining as well. Customers at LaCasa are also very friendly and you never know who you will run into. I recommend this place to anyone wanting a nice cozy place for a drink and conversation with nice portions of lamb beef and chicken dishes along with some awesome seafood as well. If something is not to your liking just mention it to the waiters Jamhar and Jason or Nadia and Omar. They will make you feel at home. Sometimes a little too much like home as they will soon become your family away from home. Parking here is also a breeze as well they allow free parking in the lot across the street.
2	The first time I went here, the food was slow, the service was Not with a smile in the least, and asking for two separate checks was like the end of the world.  I decided to give it one more chance.  Went back in warmer weather this time.  Walked in and was greeted warmly.  My friend and I commented to the waiter that we were really excited about the martini happy hour.  He then proceeded to ask us if we wanted to sit inside or out.  We chose to sit outside, which was very pleasant.  We got 2 or three apps.  All was well, until we were ready to leave.  We were again told that we couldn't have separate checks.  Then to top it all off, we were charged full price for our martinis because the waiter said it was a bar only happy hour price.  BUT he knew we were there for the martinis to begin with because we told him when we walked in.  If that was the case, he shouldn't have sat us outside or told us that the happy hour was only good for the bar.  It was a complete waste.  I will never go back there again.
4	I love their tapas. If you can go there when they have outside seating, it's quite nice. Service is great, very friendly and laid back.  Waiters are very chatty, especially if you speak French.  The escargots, sardines, calamari, and paella, etc. are very good.  The place is a bit pricey, but that's not enough to keep me from coming back.
1	I really didn't like the food, it's of bad quality. I like tapas and I have eaten in great tapas places. I can certainly say that this isn't one of them. Also the service isn't the best, as the waitress didn't know which drink is which and when we asked her if we have ordered enough food, she suggested us to take one more plate. In the end half of the food was still there.Also, the patio would be great if it was well decorated and the neighbor's aircondition wasn't that noisy. I can also say that spanish or latin american music would be more appropriate that mainstream..
5	There is not better place to be on a beautiful afternoon then in the back patio of La Casa in shady side.  The tapas are fantastic.  the Papas Bravas and the tres vieiras are musts every single time.  Service is beyond friendly with a wonderful hostess and great waiters.  The recognize you on your second visit and you start to feel as part of the family.The beauty of La Casa is the blend of the Spanish and Moraccan flavors and culture.  Visit often
2	I decided to eat at La Casa because of their Groupon and my love for tapas. The food is pricey, but in range for what a good tapas restaurant normally costs. However, their food was way below par and not worth the cost. The highlight of the evening was the mussels dish in white wine sauce, which were flavorful and well-prepared. However, the experience quickly went downhill from there. The baked manchego tasted like frozen mozzarella sticks. The Moroccan spring rolls were bland and with a strange teriyaki dipping sauce. The crab cake with mango sauce was okay, but also not very flavorful. The patatas bravas tasted quite good, though they were not nearly as crispy as I normally like. The flavor made up for the mushy texture, but I think they mostly tasted that good in comparison to the rest of the food. In addition, their sangria was decent, but not great.The ambiance was fantastic. The back porch area is lovely in nice weather. However, even with the groupon, this is not a place I would come back to.
4	La Casa is a great place to linger over drinks and tapas. I've been here 4 times, and every time I'm satisfied with the evening. The cucumber martinis are fantastic, and I only wish they came in a pitcher (like the sangria or margaritas)!The tapas options are extensive (I've never even ordered an actual entree), and there are some really fantastic options (the breouattes are delicious Moroccan spring rolls) and the daily specials always offer something good (if the pork tenderloin is available, ORDER IT). And if it's nice out, definitely sit on the back patio--leafy trees, a fountain, just lovely.Why not 5 stars then? Two reasons: both the servers and some food options can be spotty. Out of the 4 times we've eaten there, 2 of our servers were completely on the ball, and 2 left us...waiting... If we hadn't been waiting on delicious alcoholic beverages, maybe we wouldn't have minded, but, honey, get me my drink! Also, 2 or 3 times we've ordered one tapas item that just wasn't up to par. Given that we're order 5 or 6 items each time, no biggie, but something to be aware of.All in all, I'll continue to hit La Casa on nice evenings that I'm looking to hang out on the back patio with a cucumber martini and some tapas!
4	I thought the food was excellent.  The salmon was orgasmic.  The service was excellent.  The sangria - wow, when you try the sangria, you will not want it anywhere else.  The belly dancer made for a unique experience.  The only reason I wouldnt rate it 5 stars, is because the food and drinks cost an arm and a leg.  They are worth it, but it was very surprising to walk into a tapas restaurant built out of a townhouse and shell out so much money to eat and drink - $185 for 2 people (including a 25% tip). We both had appetizers, and for $15, I expected a bit more than 4 tiny crab rolls the size of my thumb.
4	I went to La Casa a few weeks ago, and I had a great time! I keep seeing complaints about how expensive it is, but it really didn't seem overpriced to me. The tapas range between $6-10 and the entrees are $12-16. Those are pretty typical dinner prices, and the food is awesome, so what is there to lose?I got a mojito (amazing), some blue Curacao drink (also delicious), and shared a potato omelette tapa with my girlfriend. It was one of the most delicious things I've even eaten, no lie. I don't know what that aioli was, but I want to eat it every day.All in all, I would definitely recommend La Casa. The wait staff is friendly and fun, I liked the vibe, and I liked the food.
5	Quality service, quality food, reasonably priced, and the back patio is so much fun for a classy girls night out!  The interior of the house is dark and romantic for date nights.
2	This place is not worth your time or money. This place is very much like Ibiza on the south side: over-priced, boring, and just not authentic spanish food. I've been to spain multiple times, and have had good spanish food in many places (not in pgh), but this restaurant misses the mark. Also, we paid $48 for a bottle of wine that costs $12 retail. I went when it was cold so maybe the patio somehow makes up for everything else, but I sincerely doubt it. I'm not planning on going back.
1	Service here was horrendous.  Here's what happened:1.  Found one-inch glass piece in our food.2.  Takes 10 minutes before the waitress comes to apologize3.  Does NOT comp anything on our bill including the dish with the glass.4.  Food was dry and not very good (sangria was ok)5.  Owner finally comes out to apologize and gives us a gift certificate...with an expiration date of the very next day.In sum it was likely the worst service I have experienced - completely insincere.  Do not go here.
1	We had a pretty rough experience here. First off, two of the tapas we wanted to order were not available the day we went. And the ones we did order went from just ok to downright bad. The Tortilla de patatas was just ok: there weren't enough potatoes in it, and the potatoes weren't thinly sliced as they should be. The aioli on it wasn't bad though, and we certainly did ok eating the whole thing. The Corazones fritos de alcachofas (fried artichoke hearts) were mediocre, cooked with a very heavy hand, and came out almost like a sports bar's mozzarella sticks but with artichoke hearts instead of cheese. All you could taste was the breading. Lastly the Croquetas de Verduras (vegetable croquettes) were prepared in almost the same way as the artichokes, with a balsamic reduction, but were very strange. They tasted like powered soup bouillon and the texture inside was very mushy. They were terrible, and we couldn't even eat all of them even though we were hungry for more.The service was brusque, although the waitress comped the croquetas because we didn't like them.The food might've been ok if I'd been really drunk, but sober this place leaves a lot to be desired.
3	a friend and I went here because I had a groupon. service was good and attentive. I believe our server was named Cassie. the mushrooms stuffed with crab were decent,  but the onion and potato omelette was delicious! we also got a pitcher of sangria but it was overpriced. I would go back again.
1	Bottom line: I won't consider going here again. I was looking for a comfortable tapas place in PGH. Sadly, yelp reviews from all venues are horribly mixed. So we chose this one simply because of its location. The food was pretty good, I have to say. But the service was unbelievably bad. The guys were nice enough, but I felt I was being waited on by the cast of "Half Baked". If they were stoned out of their minds but managed at least occasional service, I would have been content. The first dude took our order for wine and hot tapas and 1/2 hour later I saw him walking into the building with groceries. We still hadn't anything to eat or drink. Finally the guy at the bar came over to tell us they were out of the wine we ordered. In fact, they were out of ALL wines. I'm not even sure how this is possible. Then he wanted to know if we would like anything to eat... The place was maybe 50% capacity, but given the confusion and pace of the service, you would think the doors were bursting with demanding diners. It's hard to be too nasty about this because the servers were relatively nice (who can be rude when you're smoking jammers instead of serving customers?). But jesus, I don't need to pay for this kind of thing!I'll try another and hope it's a step up...
3	I will stipulate that a table of 11, which is what we had at La Casa, is rough. It's not a huge place, and we took up a good portion of the restaurant.   My first impression was the extremely slow service, I sat there for about 10-15 minutes before my drink order was taken, and it was about another 10 minutes until I received my drink.  Our table stuck to tapas, and with 11 people sharing we tried almost everything on the tapas menu.  The food was good, but not spectacular, and they were out of at least 1 thing I wanted to order.  As the restaurant started to clear out (our reservation was at 9PM), the service got better, but by that point we didn't need it as much.  Paying the check was a brutal experience, we tried to make it as easy as possible on our server (who was very friendly) but in the end it took two of us going over to the credit card machine, and the manager stepping in to explain it and get it sorted out. If the service would've been more on point I might have given it 4 stars, but the food in my mind wasn't good enough to overcome the service deficiencies.
3	My boyfriend and I were planning to spend Valentine's Day ordering Thai food and snuggled up on the couch, but my Groupon for La Casa was expiring on February 15th.  The place looked reasonably casual, so we wore jeans.  I lamented that I hadn't used the Groupon in summer, as the back patio looked really fantastic.We made a reservation for 6 pm, and found free parking on a residential street in nearby.  There weren't too many other tables of customers, though people trickled in as 7 pm passed.  Servers greeted us warmly, and we were given our pick of tables.  We chose one in the back room, away from the bar.  It was apparent immediately that this room is "kitchen adjacent," so we did hear some colorful language coming from the cooking staff.  I really don't care when people swear, generally, but there was something really off-putting about hearing bawdy cooks shout at each other during our Valentine's dinner.  I'd appreciate it if La Casa would give a word to them about that.Anyway, I ordered sangria and my boyfriend got a cocktail.  The sangria was a small pour, but only $6, and it had nice wintery spice flavors).  It was surprisingly appropriate for the season.  We shared 4 tapas, as the server recommended 2 per person.  We started with the queso manchego (baked manchego cheese), which was breaded and baked, so the gooey cheese was inside a crispy exterior.  Like a mozzarella stick, only less greasy and more awesome.  Very delicious, and you get three large pieces in a serving.  We then ordered the corazones fritos de alcachofas (chef's "special" fried artichokes).  There were 5 good size artichoke hearts, with a crispy coating and a few sauce drizzles.  The artichokes had been previously marinated, giving extra flavor to the dish.Moving on, we tried the Mejillones De la Casa (mussels and chorizo in tomato sauce).  This dish was enjoyable, but the mussels were a little tough, and oddly the chorizo was softer than I expected.  It was soft like a kielbasa or an andouille, not hard like smoked sausages usually are, but I know that there are many varieties.  It tasted good, but not unique - like a smoked sausage you could buy at a grocery store.  But it was a pleasant dish, and we used some warm baguette to mop up the rest of the tomato sauce.Our last dish, my least favorite, was a special of the day - octopus cooked with roughly chopped vegetables.  The octopus was too chewy - and yes, I know it's a rubbery food, but I really believe it was overdone.  It wasn't much fun to eat as a result, and I wasn't too eager to grab additional spoonfuls.The tapas came out quickly, one after the other.  Some people prefer that, some don't.  We didn't ask them to stagger it, but you could try if you'd rather not have four or more dishes on your plate at most.  It got crowded on the table, but we didn't really mind.  All the servers were very friendly, with a good sense of humor, and wished us happy Valentine's Day.  If we were still going to be there this summer, I'd return for some drinks and snacks on the back patio and give it a second chance.  It was a perfectly good place to have a meal, some hits and misses, but a nice atmosphere and good service.
4	La Casa teeters between 3 and 4 stars. I loved our waitress - she was sweet, sassy and funny all at the same time. White sangria - yes please! And $6 per glass. I'll be back for some more and hopefully patio action.As for food, the hits:Tchoutchoukawarm bread w/ delicious pesto balsamic sauceCalamaras, salsa picantePatatas bravasThe misses:Croquettas de Verduras - be forewarned they look nothing like traditional croquettes (fried balls)!! We were very disappointed. This looked more like flattened peppers with stuffingCasablanca sardinas - so many bones!Paella de Verduras - paella needs meat...And mehs:Gambas al ajillio - not a lot of flavor
1	Pathetic. Most underwhelming food in Pittsburgh.
3	I usually try to summarize an experience with a concise review, but La Casa was such a mixed bag I'm just going to have to relate my experience and let readers draw conclusions on their own.The first time I tried to go here, I called ahead to make sure they weren't full.  I was told that if I got there in the next half hour to an hour, they'd be able to seat my party no problem.  20 minutes later, we walked in and were told they only had room at the bar (the place was pretty empty, so I got the message: make a reservation and don't trust anyone's estimation).The next time I went, with a confirmed reservation, the service was good.  My crab-stuffed mushroom tapas dish was visually appealing and full of great ingredients...except for the crab itself.  I don't know the cause, but it was bland and barely tasted like crab.  Everything else on the plate, especially the sauce, was delicious, so it averaged out to not bad, despite my disappointment with the starring ingredient.The paella took forever to come out, but it came out hot (meaning the kitchen was slow, not the server).  Most of it was delicious.  The chorizo pieces just tasted like a hot dog (a good hot dog, mind you, but more hot dog than spicy Mediterranean sausage for sure).  The rice was a little undercooked.  But everything else was good or better (much of it great).I wasn't drinking that night, but had I been, I would have been disappointed.  They were out of more than a few selections, preventing the creation of entire sections of the drinks menu (example: no mojitos that night).  Apparently such alcohol shortages are a common occurrence.I'd say this place has a lot of potential, because though many things were sub-par, they're almost all easily fixed.  Knowing what to expect, I'd definitely consider returning (though it wouldn't usually be my first choice).
3	I thought La Casa was pretty good.  The drinks were tasty, as was the food.  It gave an opportunity to try a variety of things.  The only complaints were it seemed a little overpriced, and the food could have been warmer.
1	Went to La Casa with five others last Friday. The entire wait staff was brand new (like one day). there was no manager (that we could find) and only one cook . They were bringing stuff in from their other restaurant(through the front door) as they ran out of things at La CasaWe ordered four Tapas and two entrees. We received our first dish after 1.5 hrs and then two more Tapas and one main dish arrived 30 minutes later.  At the 3 hour point we never did receive the last Tapas (which was a salad!) or the entree, so we finally canceled them.The food was decent, (not great) but this is the worst run establishment that I have frequented in a long time, and it is highly unlikely the we will ever return.They definitely need Robert Irvine from Restaurant Impossible to visit La Casa on his next trip into town.
2	This place really is just 2 stars. It has all of the potential...a tapas restaurant in a great location, but is terribly crippled by understaffed service, food that feels a little cheap and uninspired for what you get, and too few tables inside. Let's just say it feels more like there's a short order cook putting out plates rather than a chef-run kitchen. The back patio is quite pretty, though, in the warmer months. The sangria is pretty decent and the food isn't bad but just isn't great. It has so much potential to be better!
1	Terrible service. Ordered two dishes, never even received either of them! I was going to walk out because the food was taking so long (over an hour) and the manager THREATENED TO CALL THE COPS ON ME! Eventually the gave us some food that we didn't even actually order. They forgot about our other order too. All in all, a truly terrible experience. I would not recommend this place to anyone!
4	I think this place is nice. The white sangria was definitely a tasty drink but I wish they had given me a bigger glass :pFor the appetizer, we got the potatas bravas(?)... first thing on the list. I love everything tomato-ey so the spicy tomato sauce it was simmered in was quite tasty. And you can't really go wrong with potaters!We shared the paella was definitely not comparable to what I had in Puerto Rico but it was overall pretty yummy. You need a higher salt appetite to really enjoy it, as it erred on the salty side of the scale. The portion is definitely large and so it was more than enough for two people.My rating isn't only based on the food itself, but I liked the quaintness, the ambiance and the host was a hilarious and sweet guy. Yes, I would go again to try other tapas.
2	I really really wanted to like this place. The outdoor patio is cute, but needs better tables and definitely re-painted. Our waiter was nice, but you could tell he was definitely rushed. The white sangria tasted like watered down lemonade. Onto the food...the calamari with spicy tomato and the shrimp in a white wine sauce were okay.  Both lacked a lot of flavor and tasted just too oily overall. The main course was the chicken tagine. A huge disappointment. This dish had absolutely no flavor.  If it weren't for the groupon, I would not have tried this place and most likely will not be back.
2	We went to La Casa three times, but not by choice.  I had purchased a deal through Living Social to go to this restaurant and was really excited.  The first time we went, we made sure to make reservations.  However when we got there, the cook had gone home sick and apparently there is no backup plan because we were just told, "Sorry" with no consolation and had to find somewhere else to eat that night.  The second time we went was the absolute WORST experience that I've ever had at a restaurant.  We did not make reservations but went fairly early.  We were fine sitting at the bar for a while and waiting for a seat, however a seat never came.  We were seated at the bar (I would have even eaten at the bar - I don't care).  The bartender gave us some water (without ice, mind you).  Then no one ever seated us (we sat there for well over a half an hour), but the worst part was that the bartender was putting glasses away in front of our faces and never asked if we wanted a drink or food!  We had been looking at menus and were pretty much ready to order, but she literally never asked us if we even wanted drinks (which obviously we did).  I felt insulted and we left.  The third time was overall a much better experience than the first 2 times.  We made reservations but still had to wait quite a while; they actually tried to make it up to us this time by giving us free potatoes (which were awesome).  The food was overall pretty good - not the best tapas I've ever had, but we were content.  This restaurant really needs to work on its service to its guests.  I was very displeased by the way we were treated by the staff here.
1	My friend and I went one weekday night during their happy hour which was advertised outside when we walked in.  My friend had a Groupon which only said it could not be used on alcohol.  When she told the waiter that she had the Groupon before we ordered, the waiter told her she could not use it because it was happy hour.  My friend argued that the fine print only said it couldn't be used on alcohol and said nothing about happy hour.  She added that she had come with her friend the week earlier who was able to use the Groupon during happy hour.  The waiter said he would go find someone to ask about the problem and that he would bring back happy hour menus.  After about 5-10 minutes, the waiter came back to say that the owner said to stop happy hour (it was only 30 minutes into the 2 hour long happy hour that was advertised outside!!!).  My friend asked if he found out about the Groupon situation.  The waiter said that they can't honor it during happy hour hours.  So basically we couldn't use the Groupon because it was when happy hour usually occurs, even though they stopped having happy hour that day.  The waiter then tried to get us to order food!  My friend demanded to see the owner, but apparently he left right after giving the orders to stop happy hour and to not honor Groupons.  She demanded to see the manager then.  The manager was really rude; she called my friend a "pissy pants" for her legitimate complaint and then actually told us that she would rather us leave.  I was shocked!  I was appalled by the experience and will not frequent this restaurant ever again.  I was a little disappointed because I heard the food and drinks are good.  We ended up walking down the street a few blocks to the Harris Grill, and our waitress was amazing and the food was delicious.
1	Every once in a while, you find a place that's a hidden gem.  It's small, quaint, with wonderful food and amazing service.   La Casa is not one of them.I'm not even going to make it to the food, because the service is that horrible.  When I read the other reviews, I'm not surprised about my experience.  Let's see: should I discuss poorly trained waitstaff, who physically push your arm out of the way to clear your table? Or perhaps the lack of decaf coffee or tea for a night cap?  Or the waiter, who was as attentive as a lemming?Ok, I'll talk about the food - tapas were bland and the Sangria sucked.  What more do you need to know?  To be fair, some people in the group enjoyed the place.  To be real, the foodies in the group gave a universal thumbs down. Waaay down.I put this restaurant in the Candidate for Restaurant Impossible category.  Personally, I'm shocked at how its combination of average and over-priced food, with horrid service, allow this business to stay open.(And for the record, the person that recommended this place for us 1) is not a Yelper, and 2) is not allowed to choose again.)
1	Service is horrible.  Fruit flies galore.  Waited over an half and hour before our first dish was served - it was olives.  Literally, they took olives from a jar and poured them into another jar and dropped it at our table.  Second dish, Manchego was literally four breaded mozzarella sticks that could have come out of a freezer.  Insult to injury, 2 of the four mozzarella sticks didn't even have the cheese inside - they were just empty breading.  After waiting for another half and hour, we had to track down a server to cancel our order.  Multiple tables left without receiving any service and the place wasn't at full capacity.  We will never go back.
2	We went to this restaurant on a Saturday night and came to the conclusion that it was weird.Weird how?-Weird because the indoor tables for two were actually very small outdoor metallic-topped cocktail tables that could not accommodate more than two plates at a time.-Weird because La Casa bills itself as a tapas restaurant, so you might expect the tables to be able to accommodate more than two plates at a time.-Weird because the dishes were unusually large and heavy for tapas.  A white plate is fine, but a reinforced white ramekin for tomato dip?  A heavy terra cotta tagine dish for a salad?-Weird because the dip salad and pitta were served refrigerator cold.-Weird because the table wobbled, but at least the bartender was quick to fix it and switch it out with another table.-Weird because the decor was closer to a bar than a restaurant.-Weird because it took over 50 minutes to get an omelette.-Weird because the salad was perfunctory at best, and the goat cheese was actually served piped into a seashell shape on two slices of bread (??).-Weird because the teapot for two was not actually large enough for two... or even for one.The bread and olive oil dip was good, however.If you are not into weird restaurant experiences, stay away.  But if you are, this may be just the place for you.
2	My first visit to La Casa will unfortunately probably be my last.  Having lived in Pittsburgh's east end for four years, I often drove by this quaint-looking restaurant and finally gave it a try on a Friday night when one of my friends had a Groupon and gave it rave reviews.  Upon walking in the room smelled heavily of garlic (a major plus for my dego sense of smell) and the ambiance was nice.We started with a pitcher of the red sangria, and for $28 I was expecting a little bit more than a pitcher half filled with ice and half with a watered-down wine concoction with no flavor.  One would think ordering sangria at a tapas restaurant should be a safe bet, but this left me extremely disappointed.  Luckily, the alcohol content was still somewhere in the mix which helped to get through the rest of the meal.We started with the ceviche- a duo of tuna and salmon each in their own marinade.  The fish was poorly butchered, still shiny in many spots from remnants of the skin.  The flavor was good, but I couldn't get past the tough texture in many of my bites.  Next, we each had the goat cheese salad, which was definitely the high point of the meal.  It came with a thick, garlic dressing and "croutons" baked with goat cheese on top.  Lastly, we shared the stuffed mushrooms and calamari in a spicy tomato sauce.  The mushrooms were okay- there was a decent amount of crab meat in the stuffing which is always a plus but something about the flavor was just not right.  The calamari could have been a game-changing meal saver- the sauce was delicious- but unfortunately the calamari itself was extremely tough and chewy and tasted like it was poured directly out of a freezer bag into a pot of the sauce.Overall, the food was not terrible and there were definitely a couple of high points.  Our total bill (without the Groupon) was $85.  While I am someone who appreciates good food and am willing to pay the price for it, I can also make it out of most Pittsburgh restaurants for the same- if not lower- cost without all the disappointment!
1	La Casa is now closed
1	I just have to say how when I walked by this place the other day and saw it had closed, my first reaction was "I knew that was coming." Service here is AWFUL. Waiter was sooo rude! I am the most patient restaurant go-er, as I have been a waitress my entire life, but really, this place was TERRIBLE. Good riddance!
