5	I hired Phoenix based Creative Environments to help me upgrade my backyard landscaping. They designed a beautiful landscape with space for a custom barbeque and firepit. Oscar, my designer, was great at listening to my needs and coming back with something that truly wow'd me. I love the work. I love that they show up on time and do what they say they'll do. I can't recommend them enough. I love my backyard now and get lots of positive comments about how great it looks and feels.
5	Great company - not only was their free design consultation very helpful, but they put together a plan that was exactly what I was looking for! Definitely recommend these guys!
5	I contacted Creative Environments a couple of months ago because I wanted someone to redesign my backyard, which at the time contained a few lumps of grass, a lot of dirt and some rocks.  I didn't have any trees or lighting or anything.Well, they came out to my house (for free!) and we walked around the backyard together and talked about what I wanted.  The designer suggested a few things and took notes the whole time.  At the end, he sat down for a few minutes and talked to me while he sketched out some ideas.  He was amazing.After that, I was hooked.  I decided that I totally wanted to go all out and do the entire backyard.  Pool, outdoor kitchen, gazebo, grass (yay!), lights, walkways - everything.  Ok, so I had to take out a second mortgage but if I ever decide to sell my house, I know it will be worth it in the long run.As I mentioned, I was really happy with the designer, but was a little worried about the construction part.  I wasn't really in a hurry to get things done, but you know how it can get when you're trying to get a construction crew to actually do what they say they're going to do and on time.  Ok, are you sitting down?  Seriously - and I'm not even kidding - they finished early.  Yes.  EARLY.  They showed up every morning and worked all day, every day until they were done.The only problem I had was that two of my plants died.  All it took was one phone call and they came out and replaced them and told me how to take better care of them.  I couldn't have asked for a better company to work with.
2	When I bought my house a year ago, it came with a big, half-dead front lawn.  I decided to do a desert landscape out there instead, & called a number of landscape contractors I found here on Yelp & also at the Home & Garden Show at the fairgrounds.I soon learned that this is an unprofessional industry overall.  I had several company representatives never return my call to set up an appointment to come over & do a survey.  I had others schedule an appointment & not show up.  I had others come & do the initial survey but never get back in touch with me with a price.  One guy I called said he would look at my yard on Google Earth & email me a survey.  (He never did, & I guess a $3500 job didn't make it worth his while to come over for a few minutes!)  I had a couple of others who got back in touch but with only a materials list.  I had asked for a sketch of what they would DO with my yard for all this money!  After probably more than a dozen tries, I finally had 3 legitimate, complete surveys in hand to decide between, & the price range only varied about $500.One of my surveys was from Tom Baird at Creative Environments.  After the survey, he emailed me a materials list & a CAD drawing that gave me a good idea what my new yard would look like.  I liked it, so I went with them.  Next, though, my job got handed off to another company rep, David Inness.  David was likable, but the job ended up changing considerably from the agreement I had with Mr. Baird.  For instance, I was promised that a BobCat skip loader would be used to dredge down 4" to remove the old grass before the new materials were applied.  That & other promises were not fulfilled.On installation day, three workers (& no "Foreman Chico" whom I was promised would be here) came out to do the work.  They didn't remove the grass at all, but rather put down some black plastic material over about HALF (!) of the yard.  I complained, & one of the workers called Chico on his cell phone & handed it to me.  Chico explained to me that they weren't going to dig down, or put down any more plastic, unless I wanted to go to the hardware store & buy some more myself!  I tried to call David Inness, but he was unreachable.The materials included a big pile of dirt & a big pile of gravel to be used for the job.  The workers hand shoveled the dirt to form the contoured mounds as planned, but then only applied a very thin coating of the gravel on top, leaving most of the big pile on the driveway, AND LEFT!  That was it, they told me, & that I could use the rest of the tons of gravel that I had bought in planters around the place, or if I wanted, they would have it picked up in a couple days!After trying to call for a day or two, I finally reached David Inness, who got the workers to come back over & finish applying the gravel, which they did, but unevenly.  The gravel depth ended up being zero to 3" deep.  I moved it around some myself to even it up, but I shouldn't have had to, & since I didn't get the dig-down preparation, the gravel was already skating out onto the surrounding driveway & sidewalk.  David had the workers now dig down a little around the edges, so that the top of the gravel would be down about an inch to stay put better.This was the worst contractor experience I have ever had in my life.  The only thing saving it from a 1-Star rating is that the nice plan for the layout of the dirt & plants was followed, & the yard does look good now.  Of course I have a problem with grass coming up through the gravel, since it wasn't scooped out as promised.  (I attempted to kill it ahead of time with weed & grass killer as directed, but all my estimators told me you really need to do both.)If I had it to do over, I would have gone with Michael at Breese Landscaping instead.
1	Hired these guys to build us a pool in Gilbert.  Lots of empty promises!!  They started out strong and finished very weak!  They damaged our custom decking and promised to fix it.  never did it right.  We now have to pay the original landscape guys to re-do.  I have been out there all morning trying to put together and install the vaccuum, which they left in a box.  They do not return my calls and I have never had a cartridge filter before and do not know how to clean it.  No one coming by or returning phone calls!  Chuck Hammond was the salesman, and he pieced out the works to what seemed to be unskilled laborers.  Stay away from these guys!  They are a rip-off.  Should have went with Shasta!  Our $17,000 pool looks like a $5000 pool.  Also, very bad travertine work for decking.
1	Horrible customer service.  I was canceled on 8 minutes before a yard design meeting that I took time away from my job to be home for. I was told he just got out of a meeting and then he'll be out of town for a week?? This is the same type of excuses I've heard from previous contractors
1	I came in contact with this company via Home Depot. Communication was horrible. My quote came a week later than they said and after I emailed them did it come a day later. When I had questions, I received a brief answer. I felt after 3 attempts of clarifying the quote, that I was pulling teeth to get information. It really shouldn't be that way!!I guess I'm of the frame of mind that when someone wants to do business, they try to be as professional and upfront as they can. That they try to "wow" the customer with information so that they can make a decent and informed decision. After all, I would be the person "paying them!" The way I figure it, if a company can't perform very simple basic follow up, follow through and professional communication at the start, they're not going to be successful in managing a landscaping project until the end making sure that the customer is happy. Look, they obviously did a few things right back in 2008 from the other reviews, but they are not doing so well right now. I passed on their services happily and knowing that I just saved myself a huge mega headache.
5	I contacted Creative Environments for my backyard Landscaping and had a very positive experience.  The Design work was amazing all the way down to the construction process.  We are always complimented on how nice our yard is.
5	I bought a house that was in need of some new landscaping, but I didn't have a whole lot of money to spend. I saw a Creative Environments truck in my neighborhood and called them and they offered me a free consultation and detailed estimate. I met with a very nice designer and let them know I only had a small budget and they worked with me and kept their design within my budget. The job was completed when they said it would be and the end result exceeded my expectations. I've recommended them to many of my friends and neighbors.Joe P.Mesa, AZ
5	I hired Creative Environments again this past summer to remodel my pool and upgrade my backyard. I feel like I live in a resort now. It's amazing, beautiful, and the most energetically wonderful place. They hit it out of the ballpark again. I highly recommend them!
1	Great customer service is NOT their priority.  Dealt with Lisa.  Initial meeting was great, but she never delivered a plan or quote.  Cancelled on us twice stating she was working 70+ hrs a week and that she had other customer plans that she was pulling together.  Don't waste your time - go to Sonoran Landesign as they were fantastic and know what customer service is all about.
1	Never got off the ground. We bought a new build Pulte home. Called three different landscaping services.  We were impressive with creative landscaping's portfolio. All threw came out. Told them out budget (~40K +/- 5K). The designer came out and walked around the lot with us. We exchanged info and told me he would get back to me In a week. Nothing since then. We even contacted them again but still not response. Idk what happened to customer service, but of I'm paying THAT much money, it's not MY responsiblity, and nor are you doing  a favor. Very disappointed. Regardless, Gothic Landscaping was who we went with, and they did a knock out job, stuck to the schedule, etc.  you may not get the service you would expect from these guys (unless you are rich and think a $40K job is cheap).
5	I closed March 1st on a new home in Montevista  by Toll Brothers in Cave Creek Az. The landscaping was included in the final cost of the home and had been installed by Creative Environments. Since then about plants have died (7) and the sprinkler system needed to be adjusted for better lawn coverage. I contacted the local office and spoke to Morgan. How refreshing. A schedule was set up to review my problems and confirmed before a rep came to the house. He reviewed the dead plants and had Morgan order replacements and set up a schedule to have them installed. I received a call the evening before to let me know what time they would be here and a follow up call the next day to see if I was satisfied. Their have been 3 trips to our home since all plants didn't die at once. No hassle, excellent follow up and good customer care.Thank you Morgan and gardening staff.Tom M.
5	Creative Environments...not to be confused with fellow competitors via home depot, was a wonderful company to redesign and revamp our entire back yard. We worked with the designer Jason,  and  the project  was overseen by Shelby ,who were with us every step of the way. We incorporated a water feature, gazebo, outdoor herbal garden area,  fire pit, outdoor BBQ area, travertine stone and artificial grass ...and embellished  the entire yard with beautiful outdoor lighting and various trees and foliage.  The biggest advantage with this company is the fact that you work with one person, which in my case was Jason, and the communication was superb. This project entailed a great deal of moving parts and it all fell in place beautifully. For those of you who have trouble envisioning a backyard upgrade, a cad drawing is provided to you which is an exact replica of what the changes will look like.  This is a  pivotal component in a successful project, avoiding a costly mistake. In addition, there is a 120 day warranty on all plants and trees which is a comfort to us since a green thumb is not our strength.  I highly recommend this company and its" First Class" approach in doing business.   Kathleen and Mark          Summer of 2014
