5	Personalized service without a hard sales pitch.  Both Jonas and Anthony are very professional, and have a wealth of knowledge that they openly share.  They helped me select a bike that is perfect for me, and offer free tune-ups/servicing for the life of the bike. They even delivered the bike to my house - EXCELLENT SERVICE!
5	Very knowledgeable and great customer service.  Helped us pick a bike that was perfect for our son without trying to sell us something we didn't need. Would definitely shop there again.
5	I just dropped a whole lot of money on a road bike and couldn't be any happier that I made the purchase at Bicycle Depot of Arizona.  Kevin was my initial contact, and he took the time to educate me on the choices and options.  These folks do not work on commission, so there was no pressure to buy.  I came to this shop first, then went to three other shops with no particular intention of returning to Bicycle Depot of Arizona.  However, after going to the other shops, I realized that the best customer service and prices were back at this shop.When I returned to make the purchase, Kevin was not working that day.  Steve stepped in and provided outstanding customer service.  Again, no sales tactics or pressure - just a lot of solid education and advice.  Nowadays, it's tough to find businesses that actually realize that long-term customer relationships are the key.  These guys have it figured out.  They've won my future business.  Oh, and lucky me, they now have a shop over at Desert Ridge - much closer to home for me.
5	Cool place- much smaller than I expected. Prices were reasonable and the guys knew their stuff. Luke helped me out despite knowing I would not be buying a bike from him. He was welcoming and gave me tons of information to help me make decisions on bikes, clips, shoes, and hydration packs. Having formerly worked in a bike shop, it's easy to tell who knows what they're talking about and has the experience. I was very pleased.
5	These guys know their stuff and worked with me and my ignorance, being incredibly helpful in explaining everything to me. I ended up just upgrading my current bike, but will be back in the next year to purchase from them. At all times they were professional and prompt, and I didn't feel pressured to purchase. Their inventory is small (they do have another location from which they can transfer inventory), but you can rest assured that there is not one junker bike in the entire lot. Pride in their trade and a local business puts these guys at the top of the list for me.
5	I walked in and the owner cut two bike stands and installed them on a kids bike, put pedals on a kids bike and did a few needed maintenance adjustments. Most places don't have anything for kids bikes but I even bought the rubber handle bar covers for the ends. My dog chews everything up.
