5	By far the greatest barber shop I've been to. I recently moved here from Washington, D.C. and I've been to several shops but this place was amazing. Very clean, friendly, on point well trained barbers, and the prices where perfect!! Highly recommend this location it's work the wait or the drive I promise you that!!
5	Perfection. Mike's Barber Shop has everything going for it, great fast service, always clean, excellent barbers that enjoy their job and actually make it a point to know you and talk to you.This is the only place I let cut my hair, Joe is the barber that cuts my hair and by far I get the best hair cuts from him that I have ever had. I guarantee the other barbers are excellent too but I've always had Joe do my hair cuts.So in all, if your looking for a barber shop, I promise you, you will not go wrong here. They will go above and beyond your expectations, just as they did mine.
5	Just got my hairs cut and really enjoyed this place! Was looking for a men's barber in East Mesa and was kind of surprised to find one right down the road from our office. Typically I just cut my own hair with a guard and have the wife clean up the back but this time I wanted to have someone put some what of style into it. No way did I want to step into a women's salon but wasn't really feeling the "quickie cheap cut" places either. Alas, Mike's Barbershops. No wait, showed a picture to Javier of what I wanted and he had me cut and ready to go in maybe 15-20 minutes. He did a really nice job of exactly what I wanted too. Took a chance and it actually worked out this time! Sweet.
3	Cash only business if you don't want to pay a fee to use a debit or credit card. Mike is now only a name on the sign. He used to be a regular barber, now Chris is in charge. Chris is great, but everyone wants him and the wait can be long. It's disappointing that my regular barber has left, so has my back-up favorite and my back-up to my back-up.  More chairs to handle the increase in business, that is great, but the influx of new barbers in and out make it hard to get comfortable with inconsistent haircuts.    Prices are okay, Mike's is still a nice place, but it was time to move on.  I may drop in now and then if time is short.  If Mike still owns the place, he needs to drop in more often and thank his customer's, that's what made him successful to begin with.
5	This place is the place, old school hair cuts, new style barbers, strait razor shaves, and you leave looking & feeling like a new man!
5	Great experience! This team was unbelievable and fast, they know their business! Simply come in, have a seat and their teams gets to you fast. Haircut and shave, less than $40. If you can, we highly recommend Kim!
5	Does anyone know where Vee is working know? I loved the way she cut my hair. Please let me know. Thanks
5	The haircut was good and the price was right.  It had the barbershop feel, sports on the tube, and jawing going back and forth between the barbers.  I'll be back for sure!
5	Great place, I have been going for years. Always friendly and a great haircut for what I have left anyway!!
5	Have driven past this place a thousand times. For a barber shop, it is upscale, clean, and contemporary. There are televisions, and even a little barbershop banter. I was fearful I would stop in and get the token flattop that I seem to remember barbershops for. Boy, was I wrong.Plenty of barbers waiting to be of service. I walked in the door, and before I could even reach a counter to sign in, Joe had me in his chair and ready to do work. I explained what I wanted, and he delivered a precision haircut, styled it to perfection, and even used a straight razor on the neck and around the ears.Price was very similar to the chain haircut shops, i.e.: Sportclips. I will be back for sure.
1	I have been here twice. The first time was ok.The second time they cut my hair way shorter than I asked and it was a pretty bad haircut overall. He never asked if he was cutting it to long or short enough he just talked in spanish to the other barbers and pretty much ignored me. They also wouldn't accept the $2 check in coupon on yelp. Why have it on there if you won't take it?I might be more willing to over look it except they charge $19 for a haircut. Overpriced in my opinion.
5	I came here because of all the good reviews I read about Mike's and this barbershop is by far the best I've ever been too! I had rick do my hair. He was quick, professional, and must have read my mind when it came to the style of hair I was going for! Thanks Rick! I would recommend this place to anyone!
4	Mike did reply personally to my review, which is a great way to run a business. I will use you as a back-up for now and may become a regular again if I can figure out a good barber as my go to person. Wishing you well. This is still a great place, give it a try and see if you find a favorite.
5	Mike replied professionally and that doesn't happen too much these days. I'll be back soon Mike. Thanks.
1	Got one of the worst haircuts I've had in a long time!  the barbers laughed and joked with each other in Spanish while they worked and appeared to have little concern for the clients. Won't be going back!!
5	Excellent service. Reasonable price. And I am so glad this place is open on Sundays.    My kid has autism which they did an Awesome job.
2	In the area working for 6 months...living around for the corner...have tried this place 4 times now...3 of them being awful, VERY mediocre cuts. Tonight was my last attempt. The worst! If you want a rushed, VERY average cut...this is your place. End of story.
