3	What can I say? It's the closest USPS to my house and they serve all my postal needs. Granted, one of my knocks against this place is how busy it gets. Unless you hit it at the right time, this place can get packed. Fortunately, they have some automated postal machines that can save you time and trouble if your tech savy.... aka if you have used an ATM once in the past 10 years.
4	My husband and I typically go to this post office in the after work hours (5 PM -6 PM) and are always surprised by how empty this place is! Compared to the Green Valley Ranch post office (off Valle Verde), this place is amazing. The employees are decent and I've never seen more than 5 people in line.
2	I have a P.O. box here and this is the closest post office to my house so I have to use this one...they used to be really bad but the last 6 months they have stepped it up and the wait time in line is alot less but they still need to have another clerk at the counter, but it's the government and these people are like sheep because they get paid hourly and not by commission.  If they were paid on commission also you'd see all those people fighting for a spot at the damn counter! lolBut it's all good and hopefully they will read this and improve!
5	I mean, it's pretty much business as usual in this place. Lines can get kind of long depending on the time of day you visit. It's always extremely clean and they have a variety of novelty items (envelopes, gift wrapping, etc.) to package your things in. It's close to where I live and it's as simple as that. Hooray USPS!
3	Well, it's a post office. And it's the closest one to my house, so... I appreciate that, unlike others, they actually have working pens around. And the staff are usually on the nicer side. And everything is usually stocked pretty well. However, the massively long lines and only ever two staff working the counter never ceases to frustrate me.
2	Even in the cooler months, it's still very warm inside this post office..  in the summer months its unbearable.
2	Nice new office, clean, had po box available. At times you can wait a long time in line, but guess that is the case at all post offices. They have a self serve area but there is often a line there as well. Counter people are luck of the draw, some bend over backwards others are out the door at five o'fifteen seconds. Had a really bad experience express mailing a passport. They misplaced the package and because their system is batch updated at the end of the day, they could not tell us where it was. They gave my daughter bad info when she called to find out about it and when i went in, their answer was to just hang out a couple days and it should show up. Losing a passport is a really big thing and i would have appreciated them acting like it was. At least UPS and FedEx can tell you where your package was last seen. They did refund the cost of postage, big deal.What keeps them from earning one star is i went in to buy stamps for a mail out. One of the counter people advised us to bring in an invitation we were preparing to send out so they could make sure we were getting proper postage. I just weighed it and thought i knew what we needed but with the new regulations and charges....not so. That potentially saved us some grief so two stars instead of one.
3	This is an official USPS full serve location.This branch is located just off of St Rose Pkwy. And just east of Spencer. Behind a Mini mart gas station.Finding this place is a challenge if it's your first visit. Driving into this obstacle course parking lot just sucks and is dangerous.This is a newer post office and has all the services you expect. I mainly use this branch for drop off and the lines aren't too bad.I use this one only when in the area. The issue always seems to be getting in and out of there. Services and staff would normally get 4 stars but the hidden location and drive back there with one way in and out of the post office parking gets 2 stars. So 3 it is and thank goodness I don't have to go often.
4	I go here all the time.  They are pretty fast and friendly.  The other closest one to my house is on Bermuda and Pebble and that one is always so slow with super long lines.  The self serve is always great when you don't have anything much to ship.
1	The staff at this location move slow. The line was extra long and they just didnt care. Its almost like being trapped at the DMV. To them your just another number and they will take they sweet time because they get off at the time. I will never go back to this location. Im so mad it makes me want to just send all my mail in email only so the people at this location wont even have a job. I hear this is a new post office well did they ever think to get new help. Because the peopleat this loacation hate they job and it shows.
1	Why is that Everytime I go in here the people behind the counter are RUDE! Just because you know exactly how to ship something or understand the workings of a  post office doesn't mean everyone else does too! Please, if you don't like working with people everyday, quit your job! My tax payer dollars don't need to pay rude people!
3	This USPS is the closest one to my house and of course connivence is the main key why I go here. I try to go here during peak hours, yet every time I go whether its the middle of the week or some random time it seems like there is one crazy line.  The service isnt so pleasant either, they never seem to smile and a few of them are pretty rude.  Sometimes, I feel like Im entering a DMV and expecting a worker to hate their job.  I am glad that they have the automated machines but sometimes I feel like that takes much longer cause some people would take their time trying to figure out how to use the machine.
3	Not the friendliest post office, but they did get the job done. Went late on a Thursday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all, which was nice!
4	Service was so great this visit so I had to bump it up.  They had a guy going person to person through the line asking what they were there for and he was helping each person individually prior to us getting to the counter.  This sped up service and I got through the line fairly quickly.  He and the lady at the counter were super friendly.  I greatly appreciated the service on this visit.
4	I moonlight as an eBay seller so obviously, my second home is the post office. As far as post offices go in this town, this is one of the best. The employees actually know what they are doing (shocker!) and the lines are never too bad, even on the weekends. Even if the lines are super long they tend to move quickly. This location also has an automated postal machine and drop so you can weigh and ship your own packages without having to wait for the assistance of a clerk.
1	this post office is the WORSTlying unethical employees who lack any form of responsibilityread the reviews before you trust them with your packagesthey have lost packages of ours then lied and said they were delivered when they were not - many other people say this as well - apparently there is a thief/thieves working at this location and they very possibly are the ones stealing and opening packages intended for USPS customersavoid the hispanic male at side window at all cost - he is ZERO HELP. LYING, and UNETHICAL - he does not deserve his job at the post office
2	I expect long lines and a wait.  It is the post office right? It is the rudeness and obvious unhappy staff that is just unacceptable.  The way the postal workers speak to individuals is really appalling.  The gray hair man with glasses actually yelled "There is no one at that window! Get in line!" He barked this to a nice woman in her 50's. This lack of respect and bad attitude is not acceptable.
1	Don't use this location unless it's your only option!!!  The carriers lost my mails or didn't deliver them on several occasions.  I came in to complain to the branch manager and also filed a formal complain online.  There were several people waiting inline with similar problems.  What a waste of time and effort!  I received nothing except the genetic no-reply response email with no follow up of any kind.  I love the post office service in general. But now I understand why they have so much trouble.  It's sad!!!
4	Close to home. Convenient for everyone in the area.  Need more employees to handle the volume of traffic!!!!
1	I have had nothing but problems with this post office.  They fail to hold or forward my mail when requested unless I notify my mail carrier personally.  Staff is rude and unfriendly.  Horrible to deal with.
1	Last 3 items I shipped never made it to their destinations. I have a baking business and I've lost clients, lost money, lost time, and a reputation thanks to the USPS. Never again. We will never use usps again.
1	I have mailed a priority mail that was lost and never recovered so far with gift cards inside.  The lines are always huge.
1	Really?!?!? Third time in a row I've been here and the lines are outrageously long. Window never open and all I need to do is pick up my mail!! Rekey for mailbox takes 2 weeks?!?!? Not impressed. This has got to be the worst post office I've ever been to.
3	Not very friendly! I mailed a package today and had my 2 young kids with me and they rushed me out of the way at the self kiosk so they could help someone else.
4	Long lines due to the holiday but I'mGiving them 4Stars for their service. Never been treatedSo well at a post office lol. Very friendly and helpful with smiles on their faces
