4	Ever since I was a kid I've always loved McDonalds. I can't really put my finger on it but I'm sure it has something to do with Ronald McDonald and the happy meals. I'm not going to review the food at this location, because lets just face it we all know what McDonalds taste like. What I will review is the service, location and general overview of the restaurant. Service: These cashiers are hard workers you will see the same smiling face day after day when you come by and order your usual and trust me there are "regulars" at this location. Often times I'll be waiting for my order and someone will step up to the line and even before they open their mouth the cashier will say #5 with large sweet tea. The customer will simply nod their head. These cashiers know their customers. The managers here are also  very pleasant. This McDonalds has less of a turnover rate then some of the companies I know. I only have one cashier I try to avoid because she just always seems to have a bad attitude. Location: Overstreet Mall, Uptown Charlotte.  This is one of the busiest lunch areas in Charlotte. From about 11:45-1:30pm you have thousands of people walk-running like herds of cattle through over street. When I say walk-run it's really just that! They don't walk and they don't run it's like a very fast pace walk, which almost feels like if you get in the way they are going to run you over. It takes some time to get used to once you start working uptown. Oh and heaven forbid you're a slow walker... you'll get some pretty mean stares to the back of your head.General Overview: They actually just remodeled this location last year so it looks so much better. It's much cleaner and the seating is a lot nicer. At other McDonalds you don't have to wait very long before getting your food and at this one it's about the same, but because of the mass amount of food they have to push out they have a system. There are two separate lines. You have a line to order your food and then a separate line to pick up your order. Try not to get confused because it can be very confusing to newbies and throws us regulars off.
5	This McDonald's location is definitely one of my favorites.  Since I no longer work Uptown, I always stop in here after a doctor's appointment.  After fasting all night and into the morning, I am prime for some hot coffee and a great sandwich (sausage, egg & cheese mcmuffin)!  Service is always excellent and the store typically has a pretty good rating.  I understand (at least previously) staff members received a bonus every time they etched out a 100 or better.  That shows pride in your work.  NOTE:  This location is open until 7 pm on Fridays.
