4	It is in the Wyndham and therfore when there is a conference you can end up in a long line - so plan accordingly.The staff is extremely friendly - they like to know where the people flowing through are from and that can be fun!My drink was as expected!Another feature is the "musical preacher" spends his time when he is not preaching or singing in the corner table!
3	I was desperate.  While usually not a coffee drinker, I have been having some issues with recovering from jet lag post european trip and needed a boost.  Some call it a dirty chai, but I usually order it the other way around, my own variation.  Venti Soy Iced Coffee with 4 pumps of Chai (instead of the "traditional" chai with shot of espresso).  Adds a little sweet and the spice i like (before I would stop and season my coffee fix with cinnamon and nutmeg).  This place gets busy after 8am but they get people through pretty quickly thank goodness becasue there is not much room to stand in line here.   This location is also a few cents cheaper per cup than the Convention Center location.  But the Conv. Center usually has a shorter wait time. It's nice to have options...
2	Now I've spent my time in plenty of busy Starbucks. I've been there during the morning rush, the afternoon rush and no matter how busy it's been, the drinks, not just mine but everyone's, were served in a timely and efficient manner. Also, the drinks were correct and tasted great!I've been to this Starbucks twice in the past three months - the first time it was steady, not too busy, and the second time there were only 2 people in front of me. Each time the store has had three employees behind the counter, and each time it's taken about 10 minutes to get the orders out. Why? Seriously, why? If it was the baristas' first day, okay maybe, but unless you're sculpting the cup you're serving them in, or picking the coffee beans yourself, or having to beat/whip that frappucino by hand, then there's no real clear reason why your customers should have to wait that long for their Venti iced what-nots and coffee with half & half.
5	I have not experienced the issues of the previous reviewers.  I frequent this Starbucks almost every workday.  I find the employees to be friendly, welcoming, and oure grace under fire.  I have waited in long lines, but it seems they move it along pretty quickly. The only negative experience I have had is when I have to wait for the "high maintenance" customer that is in line in front of me with a list of special order drinks, paying separately for each one because they are not smart enough to do basic math.  I secretly wish they trip while carrying their drinks on the way back to their self important job.
3	This is a pretty good location, albeit a bit on the small side. If you're gonna have a Starbucks smack in the middle of downtown Phoenix, surrounded by huge bank towers (read: full of bankers), your Starbucks needs to be bigger than this one. With some outside seating.  You have to give the baristas kudos for the efficient way they handled the lot of us as we bombarded the place after a recent fire drill...we knew we wouldn't be able to get back up the elevators for a while, so we all piled into the SBUX! This place doesn't make the Salted Caramel Mocha all that well...need to work on that.
5	This is my go-to Starbucks, less than a block from my office.  I'm the Dutchess, actually.  They know me by name.  :)  They tend to be busy most of the time, but the line always moves quickly.  The entire crew is so friendly and takes time to chat with customers who want to chat back.Kudos to James, Derek and everyone at this location.  I hear the staff will be dismantled once the new City Scape location opens and this location shuts its doors.  Some will go to the new location, others to various other locations.  Boo!!
4	Always consistent service and with a smile, too!  love those baristas!
3	This is a solid starbucks, but what can I say its starbucks. Every time I go to this location or others there always seems to be a ridiculously long line to wait in. At least this one has nice seating and a nice patio area. If you want a more local experience try Coffee One around the corner or Coffee Cartel a bit of a walk.
3	Watch out for weird hours/closings due to sports. Luckily there is one in the Convention and Arizona Center not too far away on 3rd street.
1	Been in Line for 15 minutes, they served two people. The barista is dressed like a thug, the cashier is walking around lost like it's his first day. Other complained of waiting for an hour. Nuff said.
5	Had a muffin it was really good even tho they didn't have anything chocolate. And I just went back to get a bottle of water and the lady said don't worry about it. She felt bad that they Didn't have what I wanted and se made up for it I still put money in the tip jar for her but seriously that's what I call customer service at it's finest.
