1	What can I say, it's the DMV. It's dirty, it's gross, the chairs are too close together and the rows all face each other so you have to stare the the people in front of you and then look away really quickly when they look at you, it's so awkward and uncomfortable. They laugh in the face of customer service and helpful information can be found more readily in the bathroom walls than from one of the people working the windows. The woman I spoke with gave me a phone number to call when I had a question about my registration for my vehicle. I tried to explain to her that she worked for the DMV, the end all be all of anything related to driving your vehicle. At this point she busted out her pencil and circled the number for me and told me to call it...thanks lady!
1	This government office gets an F for being handicap accessible. The parking does not provide enough van spaces. Several able-bodied people were parking in the available spots with no placard. The ramp was too steep and the door had no way to open automatically. Still waiting in the initial check-in line, so perhaps the verdict on the rest of their services will be different.
3	I'm actually trying to decide if I want to give this review. This is a little known dmv.  I always get in and out in ridiculous timing. For that, I love this local secret.  But in the end, it's still a government facility with disgruntled government workers. Not exactly a great experience.
1	This place is worse than the IRS, at least the IRS admits when they made a mistake. But these arrogant workers will be caught dead before they hear themselves say "sorry for the inconvenience" or "we made a mistake".  They gave me different information on two consecutive visits that I made, then Dorrie, some lady who obviously should not have been working that day because she was coughing phlegm all over my documents, then after she asked me to wait by the counter for 10 minutes while their system updated. I waited, 1 hour and 30 minutes later I finally went to the information counter and asked for Dorrie... I was told that she had gone to lunch 15 minutes ago and was told to go talk to another lady. She just dismissed me and I went to go talk to the new lady, who was also extremely rude and kept rolling her eyes and interrupting me before I could finish my sentences.  Basically i spent total of 3 and a half hours waiting and getting attitude and nothing was resolved because of their mis information and Dorries idiot customer service ethics and the last ladys pride..  not one person resolved anything and they all were too proud to say "we apologize for the inconvenice".  I recommend this place if you wanna be late to work 2 or more hours and having your mild mannered patience tested to the maximum.
1	I have only been to three dmv/adot locations in Arizona. Chandler, Flagstaff and last but not least... mesas delightful location.  :|I have came to this location maybe 2-3 times and every time I hate it more and more. Why I came here a couple days ago? Because of the distance...Closer for sure or somewhat I guess.  This most recent visit was only to show proof of insurance. Usually I try to wake up an hour and a half to two hours before opening time to beat the DELIGHTFUL line that practically curves around the whole inner building. Nice right? Waiting a solid 30-45 minutes to get to where numbers are given to show proof and they did it right there no number given. I got insanely lucky that I did not have to wait an extra 2 hours or so to wait. Thank god...Never again!
3	I like this particular MVD.  It's newer, cleaner, and less crowded than many others.  They use the same "now serving" system as the others I have seen, and it seems to work.  As with the others, getting your assigned number usually takes some time because there is almost always a line.  Today the line went out the door.  Fortunately it wasn't too hot.One oddity was when we got to our window when we were called, the person looked at our stuff and then told us to go to a different window.  She walked our stuff over to the other person (and we were next after they finished with their customer), but it was still odd that the person assigned to deal with our number couldn't do it for some reason.
1	Sucks! RUDE RECEPTIONIST AT ENTRANCE. Totally disrespected man in wheelchair needing extra help! Long wait, voting hand sanitizer for sure!
3	If you go prepared and early, you can be in and out within an hour. If your not 100% sure what you need, go online and check BEFORE you go. Save yourself the time and hassle of making that second trip. Not bad overall.
4	I came here to get my license insuspended, and they got me through quickly and efficiently. For an MVD, it's pretty good.
5	OK Why you ask 5 Stars?? Only one reason. The Driver Examiner that tested my daughter today on 10 July. He was an older gentleman that mentioned to my daughter that he worked the Mesa Dr. branch for 15 yrs. My daughter already was so nervous about her test due to the fact she was rejected so quickly by the examiner at the mesa dr branch after trying to perform the 3pt turn which on Utube is nothing like a 3pt turn, more like a drive backward for a block backing into a narrow parking space then driving it fwd  facing the opposite direction wtf?Anyway, this guy was awesome! A true professional and a instructor. He calmed and encouraged my daughter all the way thru the maneuver and she passed! I'm sure the DMV gets all kinds of valid complaints but when a dude kicks ass at his job then he should get the praise too. Dude who ever you are,  I drink a toast to you!
4	Decided that I should probably get my Arizona license since I moved here almost a year ago, so I stopped by on a weekday afternoon around lunch. Licensing was down (first day of the government shut down. Not sure if this was one of the things affected or if it was coincidental). The lady that helped me at the front was incredibly nice and gave me my application to come back later. The building was clean and they had a lot of people working. I'll be back.
1	You thought Walmart lines were bad, this place takes the cake! I wish I ate before coming here now. The information desk people are so rude and short it makes you not want to stay! The amount of people waiting is worse than Black Friday and you don't even get anything in the end except for new plates! La da dee da! Just moved here so I couldn't do anything online, and had to come in person. At least next year I can renew online or through mail! Avoid this place on Mondays at all costs, wish I went tomorrow but wanted to get this visit over and done with already. At this rate I will be leaving here Thursday.
1	If you have a commercial drivers license prepare yourself for the longest wait of your life.Some tips to help you expedite your service. 1. Make sure you get a ticket from the main window 2. After you take your picture go get another number from the CDL window( its the cash register on the counter). 3 Bring all appropriate documents ( i.e. Birth certificate, social security card, current license, and or passport) 4. Hope for the best and bring a book.
5	Thank god for kiosk machine. I was only there for 10 minutes. The lady helped me out which was awesome. My registration is now good for another year. No hassle and fast service. A+
4	ehh can the DMV EVER get 5 stars? Not in my book. I give this place 4 stars since I waited less than an hour and the employess didn't have attitudes. This deserves 4 stars
2	Please slit my throat already! I've gotta say this location could use a little bit of customer service skills building courses. i know you work for the govt (us) but I'm pretty sure your not making the peanuts most of the people outside this building are making working way harder. The overall attitude of this place is dreary. Thanks to Mesa (javelina office) having technical difficulties with their driver's license printers I had to come here for it instead. They put it in the computer but of course no one here knows anything about the other branch having any issues so you have to pretty much start all over. I was so glad to get my driver's license after an hour wait so I could go to my car and weep over the loss of an hour of my existence I'll never get back and probably wake up in a cold sweat in the middle of the night from having these memories of being stuck in this black hole. Is it just me or does this place rock!
2	Horrible service!!! Had to two wait two hours and I just left just to take my permit test! Get here early . Will try again tomorrow just to take my permit test.
1	Very slow , and disorganized . If your going for a road test, keep about 6 hrs free. Yes over 6 hrs. I have never that test taking so long? And the excuses are comical from staff, well it's , Monday, it's summer , it's hot , my dog ate my homework! Avoid this one unless you want to hang out All day. Wow silly line system , why would they do eye test at the front desk? People standing in line that don't have to, staff calling names, with no mic? I wonder how many sit there never knowing they have been called. Here is our goverment at work!
1	If I could give them a negative score I would. I waited over 2 1/2 Flipping hours to be told they couldn't do anything. When you first walk in you check in at the front counter- the lady at the front checked to make sure I had the necessary documents for me to renew. When my number was finally called ( granted they called other people that were signed in after me before me) ... I was told I didn't and there's nothing she can do about it. I am so Flippin pissed because I don't have the freaking time like anybody else to do this again!!! No wonder people take forever to go to the DMV and renew their license!
1	I ended up going to another MVD location, Mesa Drive location, where I was able to accomplish what this location said I could not. Not only were they misinformed but they were rude right at the start with their initial greeting. Go to the Mesa Drive location, what that location lacks in aesthetics they make up for with their humanity.
