4	Great NY style pizza, and FREE DELIVERY. Sorry chain pizza places, I have finally found a legit replacement. Best deal is their 18" giant cheese pizza for 9.99 every day.
5	DELICIOUS PIZZA WINGS & CHEESE STEAKS!!! This place is awesome, great food and atmosphere. Convenient location for MCC students to grab lunch. They also deliver so they're perfect for take out night or game day munchies. Best pizza and specials in town! Highly recommended!
5	I would recommend Spacolis Pizza 100% to anyone!!! I recently moved to Arizona and had a flyer on my door for this local pizza place. The prices were much better than the big national chains and I wanted to see what my neighborhood had to offer. When calling in for a delivery order, I spoke to Barry, who apparently is one of the owners. Either way he was extreamly helpful, suggestive and very friendly! The price was right but the quality exceeded the cost by far! The delivery time was quick, the food was hot, it looked amazing and all the accoutrements were included without having to even ask, i.e. red peppers, parm cheese, napkins, even paper plates. And might I add that the ranch dressing is out of this world!!! I had a wonderfuly amazing experience with Spacolis and will continue to order from them as well as suggest them to everyone I know the area!
3	Spacolis is ok pizza. I ordered bread sticks and a pizza. Ill give it to them that the flavor's of the pizza and bread sticks were very good. But the pizza was under cooked and so were the bread sticks. Not that it was doughy or anything just that the crust on the pizza and the bread sticks were still very white and not golden brown. The cheese on the pizza was all so not browned like how you would expect cheese to be on a pizza. I will give them another try and i will be asking to have everything cooked just a little longer.
1	Seriously bad!  No flavor to the pizza at all.  Tasted like the sauce was made from ketchup.  Wings were OK at best and they forgot the ranch for our salad with delivery.  Would not recommend.  Spend your hard earned money elsewhere!
4	Really good but the pizza was a little underdone.  The flavor was really good.  The flavor of the pizza dough really stands out and I was really impressed.  The wings were also really good.  We tried the teriyaki and the bbq. Nice flavor and really crisp.  I did prefer the bbq over the teriyaki.I will definitely visit again the next time I make a trip to AZ
5	My daughter and I just went here, it's right down the street from my house, and I had a Groupon, so it was well worth my time.  And we weren't disappointed in any way.  Megan had the chicken fingers, which were real pieces of chicken, not that formed crap you get at some restaurants, and curly fries. Chicken was crunchy, hot, and had a great taste.   Came with a side of ranch dressing, which was really really good.  Has to be homemade.  I had a steak sandwich with peppers, onions, and provolone cheese.  Bread was soft and fresh, steak was flavorful and plentiful and the mushrooms and onions were really good.    So we've established that the food was fantastic.  Now let's talk about the service.  Top notch.  Friendly, helpful, service was great.  Asked me several times if everything was ok.  Some guys came in and got the two pieces of pizza and a soda.  Huge pieces of pizza  and a soda for around $5.00. From my table the pizza looked great.   Can't wait to come and try the pizza.  When my daughter and I go out to eat, I always ask her if she wants to come again.  Yesterday we went to Baja Fresh, which was nasty nasty.  I asked Megan as we were leaving, do you want to come again, and she said no.  Today I asked her if she wants to come again to Spacolis, and she said yes.  And we will come back, soon.  If you live anywhere near this place (Dobson and Southern in Mesa) please go.  Have to support the little businesses.  Especially ones like this.  Thanks Spacolis for the awesome food and the great service.
3	Got a groupon for this place so decided to try it out last night when we didn't know what else to do with ourselves. We decided on the 18 inch veggie pizza, cheese bread, and garlic fries. They don't deliver to our location so we decided to call ahead to pick up. The girl who answered the phone sounded really annoyed that we were calling to order from here. She sighed after every item I told her. *Sigh* "Is that all?" Umm... yes. Because if I order one more thing I think you might start to cry. Anyways, she told us it would be ready in 25 minutes. So 25 minutes later we drive down there, only to find out that they haven't started on the cheese bread, or the fries. Really? We gave you almost half an hour and you didn't even start part of our order. So we had to stand around for an extra 5 minutes, clearly annoyed. So they finally bring everything out and we pay. The cheese bread looked anemic. No brown on it whatsoever. Which is clearly from the fact that they started it as soon as we walked in the door and pulled it out as fast as possible so we wouldn't have to wait any longer. The fries were good, nice and hot and didn't have that really spicy flavor of garlic when too much is used. The pizza was also good. A little on the cold side, like that had been finished and sitting out for at least 5 minutes before we got there. But it was a good size with a good amount of veggies.I will give this place another chance just because the prices are decent, and while I had to wait longer than necessary, everything tasted pretty good.
2	I have been coming to Spacolis since they opened thier doors last year. In the first few months this place rocked, maybe because they were new....  . It has since declined greatly. Slowly the quality of food as well as customer service began to dwindle. I was served a hot slice with frozen toppings for example. It seems with each new employee, they care less and less about the customer. I think they rely on the college across the street for repeat business instead of offering great service. The last time I dined there, I watched  an employee break many healthcode violations like eating in the kitchen and not washing hands.... ick.
5	Man these people have good pizza.  Just went and got a sausage, olive and onion pizza and it was killer.  A little expensive, but it was so worth it.  And they deliver too.  I'm serious, try it.
4	My groupon was about to expire so I ordered take out today. I ordered the Spacoli's original cheesesteak with garlic fries and an 18 inch pizza with pepperoni and jalapenos. They told me it would be about 30 minutes when I placed my order but it ended up taking about 45 minutes so I waited for a bit in the restaurant. The service was great - they offered me a small glass for a drink while I waited for my food. The total ended up being around 50 cents because I was using a groupon. The person who rang me up (I'm guessing an owner) didn't charge me since the total was so small.The cheesesteak was flavorful and cheesy, they did not skimp on the whiz. The roll was soft and fresh. The garlic fries were tasty but soggy so I would ask  for them extra crispy next time. The pizza was definitely worth ordering again. The crust was handtossed so thin but not too thin. The crust was soft and the sauce was savory. The 18 inch pizza was cut into 8 huge slices. All in all you get a lot of good quality food for your money.
3	How could Brak not try a joint named Spacoli's, even if it's not spelled the same as the famous surfer dude?  Heck, they even have the proper "no shirt, no shoes, no dice!" sign on the front door.  Have been here a couple of times, and the pizza was average-to-better both times, but the second visit was bizarre.  It literally took about a half hour for the pizza to be ready, and the manager/owner type dude was very concerned and made us a free 2nd pizza to make up for the wait.  That was a nice gesture, but what were 2 just-fed people going to do with another pizza?  Eat it cold the next day?  Some sort of coupon for a subsequent visit would have been a better solution, nonetheless we appreciated the gesture.  I have a hard time recommending this place, not because of that incident, but because of the location.  It's in a very sketchy strip mall, right next to a dive bar that has lots of "interesting" patrons hanging out around the area around Spacoli's.  The parking lot is filthy and I felt like I needed a shower just from having been there.  Not sure I'll be back, but if not, it won't be the pizza that keeps me away, it'll be the surroundings.
5	There are many ways to do pizza, and the debate on the best pizza is heated, but I do believe I've found a rogue rookie with a lot of guts that makes a SUPERB pizza that's also at a great price. Ensure you get that great price by getting the doorhanger ad special. I don't give many 5 stars, but WOW this pizza deserves. My friends and I ordered the doorhanger ad special - 14" Specialty Pizza $9.99. They have several to choose from. I didn't have a say in which ones we ordered, but I didn't care, I was hungry. We ordered a pesto chicken and a chicken bacon ranch for delivery. I myself would've ordered the meat lover's....    Anyway the pizzas looked and smelled scrumptious, and one bite and I was sold. I could only eat 3 slices, and I tried some of each pie. The crust was perfect, flavorful and bready at a uniform 1/4" thick, and the cheese and toppings were definitely HEAVY on top of that! The crust supported the toppings very well and wasn't totally floppy as would happen with a thin, soggy crust. From my previous reviews you may also know I have a certain disdain for puffy bread with a thin paint job.    There was 1 slice of chicken pesto pizza left as 5 of us couldn't finish the 2 pies. Had that slice for breakfast this morning. Best reheat is to preheat your oven on broil, then set the pizza on a metal tray or foil on the lower rack for 2 minutes or less. NOT IN A MICROWAVE!   For value and quality ingredients, Spacoli's hits a home run into the stratosphere and is definitely on the All-Star team for best pizza in the PHX Valley, joining Grimaldi's.
3	The pizza is good, the breadsticks are addicting.That's where the fun ends.The first time I ordered, they were out of spinach (I stray from the ordinary..), and they called to ask what I'd like instead. Understandable.The second time I ordered, it was delicious and perfect. Woohoo!The third time I ordered, we ordered a specialty pizza. It arrived missing two of the ingredients! It had also cooked unevenly in the oven, leaving one side perfectly cooked and the other slightly burned.  Unacceptable.  And if I hadn't been all flu-like and had noticed sooner, I would have called or even just sent it back with the delivery person.I'm hesitant for a fourth try... when they're good, they're great.  It's just that they're not always good.
4	The pizza is amazing, as are the breadsticks. I just hate going in this place because it's frequently crowded with people. But hey, that's a personal preference. If you like food, GOOD food, definitely go here, but it's certainly not a quiet atmosphere.
5	after growing up on the east coast and then living in italy for several years i appreciate a good pizza and also have high expectations. spacolis pizza's is one of the best pizzas in town and also one of the best values. spacolis pizza's is not about the ambience. . . . it's about the pizza, the service and the pride that owners take in making a great pizza.
5	Man, I love this place. Hands down the best pizza you can find in Tempe. Their Deluxe pizza is one of the best tasting pizzas I've ever had - I get stoked every time I go to order it. All the employees sound like they're happy to work there when you talk to them, and the delivery is fast and cheap. Theres nothing lacking here
4	A very solid place.  Professional, good pizza, good prices, quick delivery.  Not outstanding, but just a good pizza at a good price.  The best in the area for delivery.
5	Best prizza! All the toppings are delicious I've had the pineapple and Canadian bacon pizza and the sausage and onion pizza. Also the special wings are on point OMG.  I'd suggest getting the pizza well done, it's a lot tastier and the crust is a good crunch.
1	Very very disappointed. It was movie night at my neighbors place and we decided on pizza. My friends had told me that this was the best place to get pizza so how to give it a try.First, the pizza took more than hour to get to us. We were pretty starving by that point. Second, the pizza was cold when we got the box... What a miserable fail. I just ate it because I was so hungry, but after this experience, I'll probably go somewhere else as my first call for delivery pizza.
1	Very unsatisfactory.  After traveling all day to get to my hotel, I decided on pizza...what can go wrong, right?  I ordered delivery of the 14" deluxe and a 2 liter of diet Pepsi, my total was $21.27, and took about 35-40 min to get to me which was fine.  The smell was amazing...at first.  I thanked the delivery guy, added a tip and off he went.  I went in and washed my hands to get ready to dig in and that was the end of the good experience.  My first bite told me that the crust was a little burnt, I figured well, it's probably a brick oven pizza and it got a little hot on one side...NOT the case...the crust was completely burnt.  I know I could have called and complained, but I was starving from being in the travel mode all day, so I basically ate all the topping (which was pretty good).I don't think I will risk another $20+ on this one.
4	Very good pizza place, never been disapointed yet, the wings can be hit or miss, but mostly hit.
5	Got delivery tonight. I had an Oder of wings in their house sauce and a pepperoni calzone. Delivery was fast, friendly, and arrived hot. The wings were awesome. Their house sauce is def homemade seemed to have some garlic in it. Hot enough to not be boring but not so hot you can't taste anything. They were meaty too! Oh and the side of ranch they give us tasty and more than big enough to dip every bite in it. I'll def be getting wings from them again. My calzone was good, made with real cheese, and properly cooked. It was also big more than enough for two. Good food, good prices, and they deliver. I will def be seeing them again and a again.
3	Really about 2.5 stars. Pizza is mediocre at best. Decent texture and bake but really bland and flavorless. Certainly edible but not good enough to become a "go to" by any means. Delivery took 20 minutes longer than quoted which is kind of annoying considering it's less than a mile away (don't judge me haha).
