5	Love, love, love it. I didn't even know they were here, I was referred by their sister salon. I'm always hesitant trying a new nail place, but I shouldn't have worried!! Joseph did an amazing job on my nails, another true nail artist!! Go & check it out- they're fantastic!! :D
5	I have never had a bad experience here! The techs are very friendly and have great ideas!!! Absolutely love my nails every time I go here!
2	I really wish I could love this nail salon! The people are friendly, especially Joseph, and it's a great location but three out of four times I have come here I've had a not-so-great experience. The first time the gel polish started peeling after four days (that has never ever happened anywhere else), the second time, I had the woman use Essie polish and she put me under one of those gel heating lamps (thought it was odd) and the polish melted so Joseph had to redo it.... and this last time I got gel polish, again, hoping that first time was a fluke and two days later it started to peel from the cuticles! I don't think they can be using great quality if this happens. Sucks, cause I wanted to love this place but won't be going back. I rather pay more for a great job, always!
3	I went in today nails turned out great however the prices had changed since 2 months ago when I was in last. It's not posted anywhere and I didn't find out until everything was finished.  I wish they had prices posted. I thought it was a little to sneaky so I won't be going back.
2	Take a dose of patience, even if you make an appointment. I took my sister and my 7 year old daughter. My sister and I got right in, but they made my daughter wait until we were finished before they started on her. And like I said, we had appointments.The location on Indian School is no better, and they spilled gel all over my shoes, did a horrible job cleaning it up, and still charged me full price.
1	I came here today with my mother for spa pedicures. The salon is very nice and organized, also looks clean. So my first impression was good, but quickly changed. The guy upfront told us they were ready for us right now and to pick out our nail color so we did then he said just sit there and wait they are ready for you... Which made no sense. So we sat and waited maybe 5 minutes which wasn't bad. Then I had the pleasure of meeting my nail tech and she was so uninterested in me she didn't even stop to smile or say hello or how are you. So my first impression of her was rude. Then we moved on to the actual pedicure where she was very rough with the tools and was so preoccupied with her conversation (gossiping about other clients) with her neighbor she looked at my feet a total of 2 minutes during the entire pedicure. When it came time for the "massage" she lightly moved her hands over my legs and was leaning away from me and toward her friend so they could quietly whisper to each other. This by far is the worst service I have ever had and will definitely not be tipping her or returning ever again. I also will make sure to worn my friends and family of their horrible customer service.
5	My girlfriend and I went here after work for a gel mani and a pedi. They do a great job! My pedi was great but my gel mani was the best. Twee (Thats how you say it, not sure if its how you spell it) did the most amazing job!We have been back another time for a pedi but I need to get my nails done again with Twee!
2	I wanted to like this place. It's close to my house, decent prices, really friendly, and they do a nice job. But, it doesn't seem to matter whether you make an appointment or not. They are always under staffed, even despite the fact that they are never that busy. I gave them several chances but after having to wait 30 or more minutes even though having an appointment 3 times, then actually attempting to send me to their Indian School location ( I had an appointment at the McDonald location) I decided it wasn't worth it. I won't be returning.
