2	First and foremost, this newest franchise of an AZ watering hole is conveniently located next to a Hooter's with cheaper drinks and faster serving times. Well, there is a Chipotle Grill and a Lamp's Plus in between, but the two cleavage and thunder thigh establishments are within walking distance. The Grill seemed empty and only had one more parking space. The Lamp Plus had plenty of parking spaces but threatened to tow your car if you dared to park in one of their spots and go drink instead of shop for lamp shades.I went to this fine pub & eatery tonight with many co-workers (20+, arriving at various times after work). We were forced into a concentration camp, er, one table but we were not gassed because they seemed to only serve fried foods without beans. I personally did not go to eat dinner, but rather to oogle, I mean, Google the names of any waitresses I happened to admire. Since I was with so many female co-workers, I was forced to order an appetizer by their silent will alone. I told them that I was going to write a review for this eatery so I picked the Five Quid Squid, which is the Tilted Kilt's clever name for Calamari. I thought... so many places screw up Calamari; this will be a good litmus test. I was amazed. The body rings of the Calamari were supple, tender and light to the taste. The tentacles were like rubber bands. I think they must have cooked them in the same vat of grease, at the same temperature, for the same time period. Oh well, I live for the glass half full.I've read a few of the reviews for the other Tilted Kilt franchises and admired the predilection of the reviewing authors for describing young, supple, tender waitresses. To comment further, some of the waitresses here had the outfit, but not the body to pull down a decent tip. Most of them though, were hot enough to tilt my kilt at a 45 degree angle. I have to add, though, that you should consult your physician if your kilt tilts for more than four continuous hours.
4	I went there once and their food was outstanding! By far the best Shepherds Pie I have had in Phoenix, and I have tried a more than a few Irish places around here. Their fish 'n chips are also quite good, in the top 25% of places around.It is definitely a sports bar, with many large tv's all around. So far it is a good place to eat. Next time I will check out the drinks.
4	If you like girls all slutted up in "kilts" and tied up white shirts (really just redefined school girl outfits) then you will love this place.  An Insider's Tip: Sit at a high top and the girls boobs will be perfectly placed so you don't have to look like you're staring.  There doesn't seem to be anything particularly great about this place, but I just love people watching here.  Overall a pretty good place to hang out, it's loud, but not too loud that you can't have normal bar conversation.
3	Is it comparable to hooters? Well, yes and no. The food blows hooters away, but they also have very different food. Hooters is burgers and wings and fries, while Tilted Kilt is more of, a regular dinner place, just with half naked ladies. I've gone back multiple times. Kinda pricey but worth it! I've yet to be disappointed with anything I've tried, and I'm a pretty picky eater. Just wish they had cheaper drinks.*update* Lowering my review to 3 stars. Had tap beer a few times here (to be sure) and it was atrocious. Not sure if they have dirty tap lines or what, but multiple beers tasted very very bad. I haven't been back.
3	So I'm sure by reading the first few reviews that the women's attire is top notch. However money cant always fix their faces... So try not to let your eyes wonder that far up. I have been there on several occasions and the place has been empty. That is great because there is never a wait and you are constantly being waited on. I am not sure how long this place will last in the great sea of places to be in Peoria. With that being said ask about the Leprechaun shot.. you will be glad you did.
1	In a nutshell: SUCKS. Everything, and I do mean EVERYTHING is sticky. The floors are sticky (the bathroom floors are stickier). The tables are sticky. The whole place is just absolute crap. It really takes away from the beautiful girls working the place. If they could go in and really do a deep cleaning with a tanker truck of pine sol, it might get three stars.
2	Well I live down the street from this place. And I hate coming to it. First reason; drink specials. Or may I say the lack there of. For women they have some pretty good specials but for us men I think this place figures since all the servers are in school girl outfits they are doing us a favor. Honestly I careless about the servers and what they wear. It's no strip club. I come there for one reason only, a beer. And when it's over priced it's not worth it. The food at this joint is also crappy, only the french fries are ok. I recommend going to Salty Senoritas if your looking for a good bar  & food and atmosphere right down the street.
2	My first time there tonight. The crowd is younger, tattooed, biker, rough looking type. Fine if that is your think but not mine. The staff look cute in the uniforms, but are horrible at customer service. The waitress rarely came by, and I had to track her down to pay my bill. The drink special was great, but only 1 beer was on special. Lots of TVs to watch sports. Beer pong was fun to watch others play.
3	Not really a fan of these types of places to begin with. Never had issues with service but it is really overpriced. I love the flat screen HD tv's. Food was okay, nothing impressive. Drinks are decent.
4	Was on vacation for a family function the weekend before Christmas.  Never even had heard of this place before but my cousin works here so I was at least interested in checking it out.  It reminded of a cooler version of Hooters.  Good food(garlic fries kicked major ass) and a different selection of booze.  They had awesome HD TV's all over the place.  My cousin hooked us up BIG time.  The hot little bartender even hooked our whole table up with free shots.  So yeah, I am a fan.  Can you blame me?P.S. I guess I wouldn't be much of a guy if I didnt mention the outfits the workers were wearing.  Yeah, they are sexy.  That is all.
3	I like Hooters. Maybe that's what jades my opinion of this place... but I just really don't like the girl's outfits.  And I'm a lesbian!!  I just think it's too much skin to be appropriate... the girls at Hooters at least leave something to the imagination. Two stars for the outfits.The food is pretty good... four stars for the food.  Drinks... 4 stars as well... they have great happy hour specials.I had the pastrami sandwich and it was really good... huge sandwich... I took half of it home.One thing that kinda weirded me out was when I went to the restroom... walk in and it smelled like it was a club night. The air was full of perfume... weird.  Then I finished up and there was a single woman's mary jane shoe... no doubt one of the server's shoes.  Just weird.
1	Crappy bar food. Greasy.Didn't know we were going to a strip club, though the service was friendly.Won't be back.
2	Came here on a business lunch and was sorely dissapointed. The food was greasy and not that great. We ordered  a cheese fries appetizer which came out cold. Our waitress brought us a new batch which was a lot better. I had a Belhaven on draft, which I was excited about, but could tell that they don't sell much of it and hadn't switched the keg in a while. Well at least you can look at girls in skimpy clothes, but I've done that at other places and gotten much better food and service.
1	This was my first time to a Tilted Kilt and it was awful. I had this image of this chain as hot chicks and descent food. Um...no and no. Nasty meth looking skanks and shitty food. I already felt dirty enough from being on the west side but being at this place made me want to take a bleach bath. Since I dont drive a monster truck with balls or look like I just got back from a sand rail/quad event, I was out of place. I ordered somesort of draft beer and it was delish, but that's not saying much since you can't F that up. I also ordered the calamari and ew! If you like very little squid loaded with grittle then this is your dish. After 20 minutes here I was looking for a way out. If you end up here, all I can say is good luck!
1	Saturday, 5:30pm. Since this was the first time I'd ever been here, my first impression upon walking in was a pretty decent atmosphere. I liked the huge bar, and as soon as I sat down with 2 friends who were already there, the bartender immediately introduced herself and asked what i wanted. So far, so good.We were waiting for 5 other people to celebrate a friends birthday and when they showed up, we sat at a table. At this point, it was pretty dead in there. We had our drink a food orders taken fairly quickly by the waitress. By this time, it started to fill up a bit, because they were showing a UFC fight that started at 7pm.This is where things began to go steadily south. I don't know if their staffing was messed up or what, but our waitress dissappeared for long stretches and getting anyone to take our drink order was impossible. It became so bad that one of my friends actually got up and ordered a drink at the bar because he had an empty beer glass in front of him for over 20 minutes. He was scolded by the pissed off waitress when she finally reappeared.The straw that broke the camels back, and the main reason why this place gets the big ol' One Star, is because of something that I have never experienced in all of my 37 years. At 8pm, one hour after the fight started, they started charging a $5 cover at the door. No big deal. Lots of places do it. The diffrence here is, the manager and one of the waitresses started going around to EVERY table and to the bar and every patron in the place and started charging a RETROACTIVE COVER CHARGE!! Are you friggin kidding me?!?!We had been there for 2.5 hours eating and drinking, and they charged us a $5 cover for the priviledge, which came with a wrist band. Seriously? Five bucks isn't a lot of money, but that seems just stupid. Retroactive cover charges? Wow.Needless to say, I will never go back to this establishment simply on principle. If this is how they treat their customers, they must have a tough time getting repeat business. Management, if you read this, you need to get your shit together and abolish that. Charging a cover at the door at 8pm for new folks arriving specifiaclly to suck down some water and watch the fight? Understood. Charging a party of 8 the same after we had been there for over 2 hours running up over a $250 bill, as well as all the other folks who were in there too? Thats just bad business practice.
4	I like tilted kilt.The food is always just okThe drinks are usually good. The servers are usually good. I like the kilt attire. We had some apps:nachos, the fixins are ok, chips got soggywings, good but nothing greatsausage bites, good but you only can eat 1 or 2cheese sticks, meh they are thererings, looked okI had a burger and it was better then in the past. It was missing the cheese, lettuce and tom but the meat was good. The meal was free but the prices were ok. 3.5 rounded up for good service and views.
4	So, I'm in Surprise, AZ on my way to raise some trouble in NY, when my buddy PRS brings me here, the Scottish Hooters.Brilliant place, I like the atmosphere and two guys across the way were kind enough to help us out more than the waitress or waiter I watched walk by. They were understaffed, it appeared, and it looks like better times need to be ahead for this little area, so I'm gonna cut them some slack on that one.Anyway, the bartendress Jazmine (sp?) is not only going to many some guy or girl the happiest person on earth, but she saved the day. Her beauty and charm sent good vibes to me and my buddy, along with four pints of Guinness, some fish & chips and calamari.I agree with Daren C.'s review. The food is just ok, but I did eat it happily with some malt vinegar that another waiter was kind enough to bring. The Guinness was very well poured and thoroughly enjoyed both of my pints.I wish you all the best and will definitely stop in if my travels have me come by this way again.
4	I am a fan of this place just for the atmosphere.....and yes the ladies are nice looking too but it doesn't feel like a run down Hooters and the food is slightly better but I hardly ever eat here.  I did get the spicy wings last night and I can tell you that they are MUCH better than Hooters, we also got chips and salsa but I was not impressed by the salsa.  I met some friends last night for happy hour which happens every few weeks.  The specials aren't bad but we enjoy ourselves, service hasn't been poor yet for us.  I do notice that I never see the same girl twice except maybe the bartender.  I feel like they rotate the girls here like a strip club.  I am not complaining but if you get bad service that maybe the reason.
2	I was recommended this place by a cab driver when I asked him where was a good place to buy drinks and have food.  The cab driver gave me the address, and then called my boyfriend's cell phone back to apologize because he gave us the wrong address.So I realized that it's pretty hard to find a restaurant that is opened late around Bell so we ended up here.UMMM, I didn't realize that it was like a hooters, but with uglier girls.The only decent one was the hostess at the front door, where most people enter and think all of them have to be decent looking but they are all ugly.  They had no hips and no butts. And bad teeth. And they sang off key.The worse were the creepy old geezers that come in and just stare at these poor girls.  And pretend to have birthdays so they can have 4 half naked girls sing at their table.  I give it two stars because I liked the fact that they had plenty of TVs.The black and bleu burger was really good, the clam strips were ehh, really tough and really greasy.  My boyfriend got the sausage artichoke fettuccini which was a little greasy too and too heavy.But I'd rather go to Hooters!
2	I wish I could say more good things about this place but I was very disappointed.  Okay, the girls are pretty and there is a lot of TV's.  That's it.  The food is overpriced and not very good.  Same for the drinks.  Afterwards, my friends and I wished I went somewhere else.  Definitely over rated.  Hooter's would of been a better idea, lol.The one bright spot was there was a guy in our group that I befriended that day.  He was a childhood friend of one of my buddies.  He ended up picking up the check which was over $200.  Thanks Dave.
4	All in all, a great place to go with your friends. Not exactly a family place, but that's ok. Locations all over. Went here on my birthday (today) great service, got sung to, free dessert, great food, beautiful young girls who are fun to talk to and actually will have a conversation with you. 4/5 stars. I love this place. I will definitely return.
4	Grabbed beers here and the service was great!
4	What red blooded 'murican man doesn't love white knee highs and short plaid skirts? I mean seriously this is the single equation to a successful bar.
5	The Tilted Kilt is the best place in the valley to meet up and have a drink, NO exceptions.  The girls are gorgeous, the deals are great and their facebook page is amazing.  The bar tenders always have great deals and this is the only place I go to watch sports.
1	IF THE OWNERS ARE READING THIS, PLEASE FIND A NEW BARTENDER, YOURS IS THE WORST I HAVE EVER SEEN.  EVER. Last Friday (Jul 16th)  me and my girl friends went to this place. It had been around for a while, so I figured I'd give it a go--what a bad mistake. First of all, I don't care what anyone says. I don't care if it's a bar. Hooters has more class in dress. One of the girls (waitress) was NOT WEARING UNDERWEAR AT WORK. And that is DISGUSTING. Pretty sure that's a health code violation as well. Some of their girls just don't need to be wearing the all bare midriff shirts. I'm not going to judge anyone, as I myself have been much heavier in the past. But they should at least give them an OPTION of something other than overly slutty catholic school girl whore. One waitress was wearing heels and poor girl looked like she was about to cry. Anyway. When we got there I had a guiness. From a waitress who was good at her job. Then I ordered a Celtic...crush, I think? It was okay...the waitress was very good at her job. Me and my friends talked a while, and some time passed. Then the waitress told us the room was closing and that we could stay, we just had to move to the bar. Okay, whatever. Here's what pissed me off the most: the bartender. Some stupid -use your imagination- who thought the world needed to give her 5 dollar tips because she could pour alcohol into a glass, and not even correctly. My friend ordered me something that tasted like a Sex on the Beach with rum. I don't remember the name. The bartender gave us our drinks. When I asked her to tin my drink because I didn't want to sit there stirring it for a half an hour, she stared at me like I was dumb. Uh, hello? If you don't know what tinning a drink is, you probably shouldn't be behind a bar.  If she was staring at me because I asked her to tin a tall drink, she should work on her customer service skills. I am the customer, I asked her to take about 10 seconds of her time to roll a drink for me. I didn't ask her to give me her freaking liver. After she told me she didn't know what tinning was, she said that she had to help another customer but would be more than happy to come back and have me explain it to her. Sounds good. At this point there were three guys at the end of the bar, me and my friends, two other guys at the other end of the bar, and then two guys in what I will assume was a pool room. The place was a graveyard. She did not appear in front of us for 40 minutes. My friend Jes basically had to grab this girl by the arm and tell her that we wanted to leave because we hadn't been serviced in more than half an hour when there weren't more than 10 people in the bar. The bar tender looked incredulous, like it had been the busiest day in her life. When our tab came in, we did not leave a tip because her service was that bad. She had the nerve to ask us WHY she didn't receive a tip after we had to almost physically touch her to get her to notice us.  And more than a half hour of EMPTY DRINKS sitting on her bar. I don't know where they found this "bartender" or if this girl has ever even seen alcohol before, but needless to say I won't be returning until  I hear that they stop putting unprofessional women in their establishment. That includes no-panties woman.
2	Went here on recommendation knew we were going to a version of hooters so it is what it is.Service was really good although our waitress was a little slow maybe too many tables to cover but she tried really hard.Food avg at best we had a burger which we sent back because it was totally burnt.   Galic chicken was ok just ok.Overall if you are looking for good food go somewhere else.  If you sre looking for eye candy and beers fine go in they try hard.
4	Hot girls in school girl outfits ate the servers lol love it
1	Its always freezing cold in there.obviously so the waitresses nips will protude,but its uncomfortablly cold,always,whether its 120 degrees outside or 50.the drinks are expensive and the service sucks because they hire severs based on looks not skill.and the kicker is,most of them aren't even good looking.they're just skinny with fake boobs and bleach blonde hair.there were actually 3 good bartenders there a few months ago.(one of them male)but I've been told they no longer work there.they were the only reason I ever agreed to go there when friends tried to persuade me.the food is actually decent.just regular bar fare,and despite the freezing temp inside,the layout and decor is nice.they have a couple of pool tables too.1 star because the only good bartenders aren't there anymore and everyone else there sucks at serving.and of course having to bring a sweater in the middle of summer .
3	We went on a UFC night so the place was pretty packed but it took longer to find a parking space than to be seated (10 minutes). Our waitress was kind of cute but not very good, we are hoping that she was just new. She didn't know any of the beers on tap and didn't get us a drink menu. Our replacement beers and extra sauce took FOREVER and she almost never checked up on us! But the atmosphere and the food made up for it. i had the fish and chips which were very respectable, the give u 3 fish fillets and a whole basket of fries. Will def go back.
2	seated right away, so that wasnt an issue.  We sat outside and wanted to watch the football game, since it was sunday but the tv was off.  our waitress said she could get the manager to turn it on and so he came, said not a word to us, barely looked at us, turned it on, we thanked him-still not a word to us and just walked away.  wow, very rude.so we told the waitress when she came back, and she said he had just turned it off, i guess the guests before us had requested the tv off, but hey, thats not our problem.  Its there for our enjoyment.I ordered a philly cheesesteak which wasnt all that great,  i think they forgot the seasoning, and we got these garlic fries that were ok tho.  My friend, he had wings, and those too were just ok.I wouldnt go back unless it was free.  We came in from out of state, MN and i definitely would have rather spent our money elsewhere, even at the jack in the box down the street.  The manager was just plan rude. dont know his name, cant even tell you what he looked like because he never even looked at us and he was 2 feet away.  I  think he was balding, and thats all i know.
2	I didn't actually realize the type of restaurant that this was before I went, so that sure was a suprise.I didn't really care that much for the food though and doubt I would go back. This just wasn't what I had in mind when I was looking for an Irish restaurant.
1	Mediocre food. Expensive
4	Amazing food! Great service - if you don't mind scantily clad chicks serving you.
5	Stopped in for a beer and dessert. Place is great with friendly service.
2	Came in before a game. The hostess was MIA so a waitress seated us.  It wasnt crazy busy, but it was starting to fill up.  Our drinks arrived promptly, but then our waitress virtually disappeared.  Our appetizer took 30 minutes.  Manager delivered the order, stated he took it off the bill, and then immediately ran away before we could reply thank you or say anything.  It was really strange. We took our meals to go since we had to get to the game. I think they need more staff.  But it was close to the Peoria ballpark, so that was a plus I guess.
2	My first experience here wasn't bad at all, but we were just having beers and watching "the game". It was pretty busy, but we found a place to sit at the bar. Lots of TVs. Girls are really nice. Cool. Solid 3 stars. However, this last visit was really irritating! The food was not that great - the french dip was pretty bland, and the garlic fries were just soggy but at least had some flavor. The worst part is that the service was waaaay too slow and there were maybe 15 - 20 people dining in the restaurant at the time. So this time around, they are averaging a 2 for me. If I ever come back, it'll just be drinks and the TVs!
2	My friend brought me here for dinner my first night in Arizona. The food is okay. I got the grilled chicken sandwich with a side salad. The salad was huge but there was nothing special about it except for the fact that I got to choose what kind of dressing I wanted (yay!) The sandwich wasn't all that. Way too salty for my liking. My friend got a burger cooked medium-rare and he only ate half of it (must've been bad)... Barely even ate the fries on his plate. The service is okay. Hello, scantily clad servers! Definitely do not recommend this restaurant for families. We got in around 930-10ish and it straight up smelled like a bar in there (yackfest). Not a pleasant smell to enjoy your dinner in. Other than that, I think it'd be a cool place to grab a few beers with the homies. Not dinner though, I'll pass. Slightly overpriced in my opinion. Meh.
2	It's what I expected. A Hooter's with plaid skirts and a bunch of married men getting drunk and staring at college girls.
3	I love their food, but if I have to review this location Im going to base it on the place itself.We came in right before dinner time and the place looked pretty damn empty. Pretty strange being the nature of the place.  I mean.. come on.  We sat down and ordered our drinks and a short while later we placed our food order.I split the black bean wrap with my girlfriends daughter and enjoyed the sweet potato fries.  They were good.I liked the place, but my pick for Tilted Kilt has to go for the downtown location.
2	My and 2 friends used to visit this Kilt once a week for happy hour.  The girls were cute and friendly and the beer was reasonably priced.  Since then, tthey have had a general manager change (Judy was the best GM in the food business but had to leave for medical reasons).  We each ordered a large bud light.  I fell off my chair when the bartender told us the price had been increased to $7.08 (with tax) for one domestic beer.  The wait staff seems to have a high turnover rate, the newest girls had guts that made me look skinny.  The 3 girls working this past Saturday apparently have never seen a salad or a treadmill.   They hardly could squeeze into their kilts.  We departed, walked over to hooters for $5 large beers.
1	Second time to go in.   Fish and chips first time were so good, we went back for more.  My mistake was to order the "chicken" quesadilla.  there was NO chicken in it.  I brought it to my waitress' attention, and she said she would send the manager over.  He never showed.  Upon paying the bill when leaving, my husband told the cashier he doesn't mind paying for what he got, but we didn't get what we ordered.  The manager basically called us liars and said they know how much chicken to put in it and even though it's not very much, it was in there.  Gee.  How did he know?  He never looked at it.  Very insulting.Won't be back.  The food isn't good enough to go in there and be insulted and overcharged for food you didn't get.
3	Cliche, similar to the South Park episode where they goofed on Hooters, my server couldn't finish a sentence without invoking the term 'hon'. [me sitting at bar]Bartender:      "Like a menu...hon?"                         "Are you expecting anyone...hon?"                         "How was the pastrami...hon?"                         "Men's room?   Down the hall to your right....hon."Two hours later........                         "Are you ok? That looked like it really hurt. Should I call you a cab? Me: [thinking it, but unable to speak it]      WTF? No hon? Seriously?Seventy three dollars worth of Lagunitas and Crown Black, I'm numb from my northern-most  sweat-spiked hair follicle downward, I'm slurring one-syllable words such as 'the'  and 'it' and the 'hons' mysteriously stop? Totally uncool. Warning guys: "You can get pretty 'hon-d-up' in a place like this thanks to all  the overly-friendly servers.The boobs are nice to look at. though.
4	Huge bar good selection, decent looking girls. Good crowd.
1	Like most of this franchise the service sucks (slooooooowwwww) and the food is no better than mediocre.  Add to this a lack of talent and you basically have Bennigans.
4	Both times that I have been at here the service always starts out great and once the food comes the waitress is gone,  but the food is really good.
1	The food was horrible.. we had hair in the nachos and the burger wasnt cooked. The service was bad but I am glad they had New Castle on tap.
3	Food was decent, drink was yummy....service could've been a little better, but for a sports bar, it is overall okay.
1	ABSOLUTE WORST SERVICE EVER! Been there with a private party and smaller groups. It wasn't a fluke-the manager either short staffs or the waitresses we got were inattentive to such a degree we had to order from the bar before service came. NEVER AGAIN!
2	How does a Irish pub not serve Murphy's
4	Wish they would update the menu.  Otherwise plenty of eye candy and drinks.
4	Stopped in for a couple of drinks. Could have gotten 5 stars, but bar tender had a moustache, and great tits.
3	it was good but it can be better!
1	If I could do 0 stars I would. Took 45 minutes to bring 3 sandwiches when they weren't even busy. Then my appetizer that I was having as my meal came 25 minutes later. 2 of the orders were wrong and you can tell that food was left under a heat lamp for a while. There was no reason for the food to take as long as it did there was no food coming out of the kitchen prior to ours. It was ridiculous! I used to love this place but not anymore!
1	What a DUMP! If you think this place is good you either (a) have had very little life experience outside of Maricopa County or (b) have little or no taste. How can a restaurant mess up Irish pub food? Answer: Tilted Kilt found a way. OFTEN.  It's bad enough this place is filled with servers who look like cheap Arizona hookers walking the Van Buren stroll (nice and respectful of women, I might add). But even worse - SOME GIRLS DON'T BELONG IN SKIMPY OUTFITS LIKE THAT! Management needs to get some glasses and a new menu.  Disgusting on every level.
4	Probably the best Tilted Kilt I have been to. Our service was great and the food was solid as well.
3	First time at this location. I actually came in to do some work and remembered from visiting other locations their bar area is well lit. Sat at the bar and Erica, the bartender, was friendly. She checked on me to make sure I was doing okay without being a pest. Never had to wait for a beer. Seemed to be a lot of regular customers (guys and dolls) at this locationsOrdered the nachos, which were a bit disappointing. For nine bucks, I expected better quality even though I have nothing against processed cheese sauce. I enjoy it when I go to my local Taco Bell, not a signature pub franchise. Beer price was a bit high.The good service and free Wi-Fi with a strong signal saved this from a two-star rating. Will I be back? Maybe. I would like to try their Big Arse Burger...since I'm not chubby enough as it is. There are other restaurants/bars in the same area I'll try before returning here.
2	First the good; service was fast, efficient, and friendly, and they have a pretty decent beer selection on tap (not phenomenal, but decent).Unfortunately, all the food I tried varied from the low end of mediocre to just bad.  Their pretzels and pub cheese appetizer was awful.  The "cheese" resembles that awful oil-based stuff you get in a convenience store and they tried to doctor it up with a bunch of bell peppers and similar things to make it more than just fake cheese.  It doesn't work.  It's just inedible.  The pretzels themselves were good.  The waitress brought us their "nacho" cheese which is the same stuff with different spices added; still bad.I ordered the grilled hot wings for my dinner.  They were the most rubbery wings I've ever had.  I can only guess that they heat these in a microwave instead of frying them.  They grilled them for a few seconds and sent them out.  The sauce was ok, not hot, but the rubbery texture was too distracting.I won't be back.
2	I have been here 2 times, the first time it took the waitress/bartender around 10 mins to greet us. They were not busy at all. The 2nd time my friends and I showed up sat at 11am and we were one of the first ones in there. Once again the service was really bad and it took over 45 mins for our lunch to come out! She said the kitchen kept messing up my friends meal that's what took so long so she comped his meal but not ours???we had to wait to!!!overall the food is okay the service is bad!
2	Ok. So now I have been to the major 3 eateries that have waitresses in skimpy attire and TVs tuned to sports channels. Like the food, I won't remember this place in a day or so. Our waitress was pleasant at least, but the ambience in general reminded me of a strip club without the music, poles and stages. Some waitresses seem to pick (maybe regular) customers (i.e. men) to sit with and chat it up. Ours didn't sit with us. It happened at another similar restaurant. Is this some sort of 'lap dance' without the actual dance. Guess I am jealous. But the food is nothing to write about.
2	We were looking for something different on a Sunday night and stopped by this Tilted Kilt in Arrowhead.  We walked in around 5PM and into a loud football crowd.  It had been about 2 years since I was in a tilted kilt and the first thing we noticed was the changed menu.  It used to be a very long book of endless items and this new menu was much easier to read.  I always love their Rueben and the lady ordered the Fish & chips.  We both ordered a drink.Our problem was our waitress and partially the food.  While our girl has nice boobs, she had a major attitude as if waitressing was beneath her or maybe she was used to dealing with obnoxious drunk guys gawking at her?  Either way, she was just a snatch.  We weren't  sure - but service was slow and everything we asked took 10 minutes to get.    Read all the other reviews.  Why is everything so damn slow at this location? Are they trained to act lazy and not hussle?When my food came and I unrolled my napkin to grab my fork and knife ( I know bad manners - I should have done it when I initially sat down,) I noticed it was very dirty and crusted with food.  I asked my waitress to get me a new one, and she just disappeared.  I would think since my food is served, running and grabbing me a fork and knife so I could eat it would be paramount, but it wasn't. I went to the wait station and grabbed my own.   Drinks took forever to refill and the fish and chips were overcooked and way too crispy.  There was no manager to be found (is there even a manager there? Would this manager be the ugly one in pants?), so we got out check and left.My rule of thumb is if I ever go out and eat, and I need to fetch my own water, ketchup, napkin, salt and pepper or ANYTHING - the waitress just lost their tip.  I pay a premium to go out (our bill here came to 58 bucks,) and the last thing I am going to do is serve myself when it is someone else's job.  Sorry Ms. Nice Boobs!  You lost a tip and start losing your attitude!I doubt we will be back. Big Boobs don't make up for crappy service and mediocre food.  If you want better food with hot chicks, then drive about 20 miles east to Scottsdale and visit Twin Peaks at FLW and 101.
2	I really like this place and want to give it a good review but I can't. We've been going the last few weeks for the FB games. The service has been the sole reason for the bad review. I love the setting and food. The mozzarella sticks are great. The Irish(French) dip sandwich is amaze balls. Best sandwich I've had in a long time. I seriously wanted to order 2. And then the boneless wings were some of the best. I order wings everywhere and tilted kilts are the best. I loved everything there...except the service killed everything. Our server gave us out first drinks, then never came back. 40 min later I had to go to the manager and ask for a new server. I saw her walking around, she just never came back to take our order or give us new drinks. The new server was then awesome. Always there. Very accommodating. Gave her a $25 tip. But the first server was horrible. Not the first time it happened either. Another time we were seated but then the server never even came by at all. Finally had to flag down a random waitress to get service. The food and atmosphere is great...5 stars. Service is so bad it actually needs to be addressed and limits their stars to 2.
4	Oh Tilted Kilt, what can I say about you? If I claim to like the food, will anyone believe me?   The interior is nice, though it gets crowded during big sports events.   In general the menu is good, though distinctly of the fried, bar food variety.    They have some good spicy options including a fairly decent jalapeno burger that is a big winner with me.   I'm also something of a fan of their bar service.  They have a pretty decent Irish Carbomb that they call a Belfast Boom.   I won't bother talking about the waitresses since you know what kind of place this is already but in general I've always gotten good service here.   Took a friend here for a bachelor party once and the results were pretty entertaining.   We usually have a good time whenever we go but expect plenty of skeevy businessmen who come to leer at the waitresses and 20-somethings (who also come to leer at the waitresses...)   Tilted Kilt is ace in my book for having significantly better food than Hooter's and it's my go-to place if I've got some bros to entertain.  They always seem to like it.
4	Ok stopped in Tilted Kilt in the west valley (Peoria), for lunch. Walked into a great atmosphere sat at the bar, then had the bartender come around shake my hand and introduce herself. *If you sit at the bar ask for Malaya* I sat down and ordered a Devil's Ale from one of my favorite craft brewies; San Tan Brewery. I looked at both their menu and the yelp suggestions on what to try, and sure enough I got a free order of irish nachos ($9.00 value) with my check in on yelp. The Barbeque cheesebuger was awesome, I made it dissapear fast but don't be surprised if you end up asking for a box to go. Best part overall 6 dollar 20 ounce beers, hey that's a great price for a draft beer!*All my felllow veterans/active/reserve/guard folks, Tilted Kilt will give you HALF off your entire bill mondays betweeen 1100-1500!*
3	Stopped twice to watch NFL football. Saw someone else order the nachos and they  (the nachos) looked better than the last time I had them, so I ordered. Nachos definitely better. Their salsa is probably a big hit everyplace else in the country. We, in the Southwestern United States, know salsa.Service is hit or miss. Some servers are very friendly and anticipate needs. Others are simply functional. I guess this could be said about any restaurant. Free Wi-Fi is still an awesome thing!
2	There were boobs, I guess.
1	Me and a bud when out to eat, he is single and wanted to go to this place.  we asked if we could sit nearest the TV with the hockey game on... ignored, After seated far and behind the hockey game screen, we waited for thirty minutes before we had to ask if we had a waiter/ waitress? after another five minutes we left, nothing was said on the way out.  Menu seemed fun, nothing really Irish, but seemed good for not hungry and testosterone filled men.
2	Disappointing.  Food is mediocre.  It's not inedible, but it's just frozen fries, grocery store sandwich buns, etc.  Certainly not worth the price.  Perhaps if I were an 18 year old guy, the servers would be enough to keep me coming back.
3	Went here with my girlfriend on a Friday night after 10 PM.  It looked dead.  We were looking for some fun and excitement but the place sucked and our waitress looked tired and bored.  My girlfriend looks way hotter than any of the girls here so there was nothing really much to look at.  We cancelled our drink order and left.
4	Food is surprisingly good, never had anything I didn't like.  Lots of beer choices and the waitstaff is great...yay.
3	food is pretty good for its price, very slow service even though the restaurant is not busy. will come back for a second try.
3	Must say upon entering the building was a little confused...I thought this was an Irish Pub? Decor is sport bar/ rock and roll/ dive bar with nice wood bar and tables and chairs. Music was everything from country to Rap..no bagpipes...lol  Waitstaff wore what looked like they were supposed to be kilts (or kilt-like). They were super short with bras to match. Might as well been at Hooters. Menu definately was not Irish pub, they don't even have fish and chips...   But, I must say..service was prompt and attentive.I guess I spoke soon. I was still in the establishment while  writing this review. BF went to the mens restroom and he was totally disgusted. Said it smelled like a "drive in bathroom" and was very dirty. Also...service got worse the longer we were there. With only 4 people left in the whole placed she never noticed I was out of a drink for almost 15 minutes. (I was even to the restroom and back)"
2	Not as good as local pubs, food is pretty bad, and they got our drink menu mixed up last time.. asked for a Stella.. got a Guinness. Friend asked for hot tea, got ice tea.They really need to work on their food quality. They leave a lot to ask for.
2	I'm only giving this a 2 because the food was good.  We (us and another couple) had the calamari and spinich dip.  They listed Thirsty Thursday's special as a bucket of Santan Canned Beer as an all day Thursday special.  When we ordered this special on our second round our waitress came back and informed us they they did not offer this special anymore because they no longer carried this beer and hadn't for quite some time.  When we inquired as to why it was still listed on the menu showing daily specials she brought the manager over.  She apologized and offered to discount our drinks for the "rest of the night".  Side note that no one took the rest of these special menus off any of the other tables. The guys cashed out and went to run and errand.  Us girls stayed behind to chat over another drink(s).  When the guys got back and we cashed out the bill was not adjusted according to our discounted price as stated by the manager earlier.  When we brought this to our waitress's attention she left and the GM Richard showed up to explain that there had been a "miscommunication" from the other manager and he was the General Manager and unfortunately they could not extend this offer".  After he left and we chatted about the incident we asked the waitress who the Regional Manager was, when she left to get this info the first manager came over and apologized telling us that yes she had offered to discount our drinks and left to take our bill and adjust it accordingly.  The guys agreed they preferred the Tempe location, better service, curvier waitstaff.
1	Awful service! We went when it was slower, sat and waited 15 minutes, with no waitress ever stopping by to even take our drink order! Finally we just left and as we were leaving, the hostess that seated us, told us goodbye, really??? On the floor we saw 4 waitresses, not including the bar waitress, wandering around, no excuse for one of them to not coming by to at least take our drink order. We will not be returning!
1	The worst dining experience ever! It took the waitress 15 minutes to approach us for drinks. Then an hour waiting for food. We were told a cook walked out and that is why our food long. Then they told us they ran out of wings but the order still came out afterwards. 1 out of 3 orders was missing and never came out. My 2 friends got their food and I still never got my order even when they had finished their food. I sat there like a hungry kid waiting for my food. When they had finally figured it out, i just asked for it to be boxed. As we left, I didn't check the order until we got in the car and it was the wrong order! It was pretty ridiculous...
3	Bacon blue cheeseburger and onion rings with cayenne ranch. Nice location for sitting outside, not a lot of traffic noise
2	Pluses:  Great looking servers and hostesses, very nice.  Our server Mary gave us great service.  Food and drinks were standard, nothing to write home about.Minuses: Busy on a Saturday afternoon after the Spring Training game across the street ended.  I was surprised they could seat our party of 7 right away, but they did;  In a back room with pool tables and dart boards and us kind of squeezed in-between.  It didn't appear to be an area they normally put tables.  And soon, a group of biker-looking fellows showed up to play pool and seemed very put out that we were 'in their space'.  It made the whole situation uncomfortable, and even a little dangerous.
1	Will not return!,,   The service is a joke around 15 min. To get our drinks food was so so. Watch when they bring your bill had to be sent back three times until they had the right total on it. Saved several dollars doing this have a feeling this happens often, just saying
3	Went there a couple days for first time. The place is more like a sports bar with hooters-like waitresses. Just got a couple of Guinness and a dessert while watching NBA playoffs. Service was OK, though took sometime before seeing the waitress to put my order. Food was OK, but I'll go back to try 1-2 entrees. Overall, just another sports bar, little to do with Irish (BTW: kilts are from Scotland)
4	Good food. Fast service
4	For any guy who does not know about this place you should check it out. It has a good bar area, and the food isn't bad. This place knows the key to success and goes with the age old adage of "sex sells". The waitress' all dress to impress in kilts and tight shirts which is cool. However they are not just there for show, they do a great job and never leave you with an empty cup.Very cool place to check out.
5	Great service good looking girls and food you can't go wrong with that combination. Tons of TV's to always watch the game and a sweet game room to play pool and darts in. Would recommend to friends and family!
3	This place is just your regular bar with bar food and cute waitresses. Been here a few times and the service is on the slow side but every waitress we've ever had has been very friendly; helping to make up for slow service. I really enjoy the patio during the cooler months; a great place to end your day with a nice big Blue Moon.
1	i was in tilted kilt with my daughter,  her friend joined us to watch a soccer game we were eating our lunch when a manager asked us to leave because a server not our server didnt like my daughters friend...seriously we were a paying customer i will never give my business to that tilted kilt or any other i put a call into corporate with no response so i guess they dont care if they have customers. NEVER AGAIN SAVE YOUR MONEY THE FOOD IS HORRIBLE!!!
4	Love the mozzarella sticks and the chicken tender wraps, I get it with grilled chicken and Tk sauce, mmmm delicious! Been eating it for years! Love Taylor she's a fire cracker
1	My first time coming here wasn't the most impressive. The service was very slow, the waitress was insulting me and flirting with my boyfriend, I ordered the chocolate chip cookie with ice cream. The bottom of the cookie was completely burnt and I waited about 30 minutes for it. Needless to say, it'll take a lot for me and my boyfriend to come back...
4	My wife and I went in here for lunch today.  It  was the first time for both of us.  It is a give in that there are scantly clad ladies running around.  The server we had was very good with her customer service. On top of refilling our drinks and making sure everything was good.  The food itself was very good also.   The thing we did not like is that heavy metal music was blaring the entire time and there was a drunken patron at the bar swearing, loudly, at what I believe was the NASCAR race.  Nascar isn't even exciting let alone worth yelling at the tv.  Food is good.  Scenery is good.  Remember it is also a pub and you will be fine.
5	Went in kinda early on a Saturday for  lunch.food was good I had a huge grilled chicken sandwich and onion rings.all was good..staff was very polite and cool people.I cant lie them girls in the kilts are.beutifull :-)
3	This place was located right next to my hotel and I always see their ads so I was intrigued. It is a basic bar with pub food and pretty waitresses as far as the eye can see. Wasn't very hungry so I got the Bavarian Style Pretzel with Guiness Cheese dipping sauce. The pretzel felt store bought and the cheese tasted out of a jar. I wouldn't recommend the pretzels. I should have ordered burger, they looked amazing.
5	Fantastic place for lunch. 5 star lunch or dinner with a great price. Staff was really wonderful a well.
2	Second time at this location and it will definitely be my last. I don't even know what the servers name was because she didn't even introduce herself. Only saw her twice, when she brought us our drinks and when she brought us our food. Had to flag down a different server to being us our check and to ask for refills. I am a female who came in with my boyfriend, I bet she would've payed more attention to us If we're creepy old guys. Never again. Horrible service, only reason I gave two stars is because the food was edible.
2	My business partner and I stopped in for lunch yesterday.  He had a burger and I had the fish and chips.  Both were standard bar fare; it's not bad and it's not great.  I expected the atmosphere to be more lively.  At noon, the place was near empty and the energy was stale.  This location is in the suburbs.  For the tables that were occupied, it was predominantly seniors.  I found the bars and restaurants in downtown Phoenix to be more my speed.
1	I don't expect 5 star food or service from a place like this, but I have gotten better service and food from McDonalds. My visit included slow service from disinterested waitresses, and chewy, tough French fries and an ok burger. This place was awful.
1	unless you're a beautiful, young man, don't expect any service or any orderly delivery of food and beer. almost as if they don't want "others" here.
1	The food had a funny taste. I think it was the tomatoes and lettuce. Also it seemed like our waitress was trying to get rid of us because she kept asking us if we were ready for our check every time a Seahawks fan walked in. I guess our table was meant for them to watch the game? Food gave me a migraine.
