1	Unfortunately, I don't have a good thing to share regarding the practice of Sundin & Fish.  As a new business owner with little to no tax knowledge, I trusted the practice to guide me.  Let's face it, from the outside, this firm is very regal and appears to be the end all be all for accounting firms.  The first year the firm did our taxes, it was easy and painless.  The moment I started asking for help or asking questions I would receive, that will cost you $120+ per hour, we don't give info over the phone and I'd get referred to some website to search for an answer.  After paying hundreds of dollars for completed returns, an SCorp filing and a DBA filing and not knowing how to move forward, I called.  Once again, I was told it was a fee to talk to them.  The receptionist Jeanie, along with both Fish brothers, speak down to their customers-they have little to no respect and are completely unwilling to help-even after spending HUNDREDS of dollars for their services.  It's as if they expect you to know how to do their job and get annoyed and frustrated when you don't know tax.  I've NEVER received such horrific service from what appeared to be a reputable company.  I'm at year end, didn't pull a salary, never was explained what needed to happen and I'm needing to have a salary shown NOW.  Well, isn't that great...there goes my income for the rest of the year because the estimates they provided were far from accurate.  I've sought out someone new for my taxes and have since learned that the little I was guided to do was very shady and unethical.
5	Super excited to write this review. I have had my taxes done by Sundin & Fish for the last few years, not just that but I take advantage of their payroll services and they have also helped me with a few investment questions. I meet with them several times throughout the year because it's worth it to me to stay on track. Mostly nothing changes, but I usually have questions about different things I hear and there have been minor adjustments we did that helped me at the end of the year. They do not charge me fees whenever I meet with them. But mostly, what I appreciate about them is they tell me what I need to do, no fluff. Whether I talk to Paul, Jason, Jeanice, Ryan or Nate. My life is super busy, but it's nice having such an amazing team to turn to whenever I have questions or when it's tax time.I would encourage any one who is looking for a CPA to check them out.
5	This firm has been great at not only tax preparation but with tax planning.  If you just want a tax return done then you have many options.  But I think the key is to make sure that you have a plan in place that can save you money on taxes.They have always done a great job communicating with me and providing me with tax updates.  I have had accountants before who failed to return phone calls and didn't answer my questions.  I would highly recommend.
5	I've gone through too many accountants in my day, for some reason I just can't like them.  They are either too pushy, have no sense of humor or just suck at what they do. I was recommended to Paul from someone else and I haven't been happier.  I don't think anyone likes to see their accountant because it usually means that you have to pay money to someone, either to them or the IRS, but it's life.  Paul has always been there and has helped me with any questions I have and doesn't nickle and dime you.  Highly recommend Paul and team if you run a small business, or just want someone to professionally look after your taxes.
5	The people here are great to work with. Very detail oriented and willing to take the time to listen and explain. I had several years of taxes redone and got $1000s back.  They offer everything all in house. Bookkeeping, payroll, tax prep and planning, financial planning, insurance retirement etc!
1	I just filed out taxes with Sundin & Fish and unfortunately, I don't have good news to share.  The gal I worked with was basically an order taker, equivilant to working at McDonalds.  She wanted me to tell her what I wanted to do.  Offered ZERO advice or guidance on tax credits, deductions, the process of paying the IRS or receiving a refund.  Dug?  Why am I paying you then?  I know little about taxes, so it felt like the blind leading the blind.  Dont pay this company hundreds of dollars to file your taxes if you expect any guidance.  If you want to pay someone for data entry into Turbo Tax, then by all means, go with them.  Something you could probably do yourself at home for free.  They expect you to know their job.
