5	I stopped in here yesterday looking for Gigi's BBQ which had previously occupied this space and found out that Gigi's is gone and Johnny has taken over the space.  He's about as friendly a guy as you'd like to meet and takes his food seriously.  He said he cooks everything like he's cooking it for himself.  He showed me the huge package of meat he makes the fresh burgers from and a potato the size of a football.I got a cheeseburger with fries and even though the burger was huge I ate the whole thing. The burgers are steamed on the grill to keep the moisture in and let the fat out.  This makes it a burger that isn't as greasy and heavy as usual. Everything was as good as my mother would make.  He gave me a sample of chili and if you like yours with a burn you'll love this.  I like mine a little milder but that's just what I learned to like in early life.  If you need late night food he's open late weekend nights.  And if you're a student at Chandler High there's a special menu for students.  Both the regular menu and the student menu are written on the wall to your right as you walk in.  If you're in doubt if he's there just drive by and look for the OPEN sign in the window.  If it's lit, he's there.
4	Great food, american burger place. Small place but Great service and atmosphere. thanks Johnny.
4	Every time I go in I want to try something new and exciting but I just can't seem it get past their delicious 1/3 lb Cheeseburger & fries!This time I did not have the chili and I should have because it is probably the best chili in town. It starts off with a hint if sweetness and then blasts your taste buds a kick of hotness! Everything I have had here I would come back for again...They also told me they are rolling out Chicken Sandwich and Wings!As an added bonus if you are into having a good beer and a meal there is a little bar next door and you can order from the bar and they will bring it over.This newly undiscovered restaurant is worth a try in my book.They claim their Cheese Steak is amazing!
5	Stopped in for lunch and it was a first time experience! Totally loved the place! Small cozy restaurant! Came in and just missed the rush, the owners were so nice and really showed they care about the place! They make EVERYTHING fresh there which is always a plus. The food was delicious. The burgers are great and so was the cheesesteak. I don't live close at all but I'll defiantly be making the drive back!
3	Good but NEVER OPEN... Needs to actually open the hours they say!
5	I must admit had we not had a groupon we probably would have not gone here and this would have been a HUGE mistake on our part.  Not only did Johnny himself prepare our food and greet us, but he took the time to explain to us the quality of the different items that were on his menu.  We have been looking for this type of "locally owned" family friendly place since moving here and I think we've found it.  Thanks Johnny.  Keep up the good work and amazing food!!!
2	I got delivery and the fries on both orders were burnt and uneatable. The hamburgers were ok, but one hamburger was burnt. The buns were soggy and brown because they soaked up so much burnt grease. Maybe it was just an off night for them, because to me this burger was not worth $7.00. Wish I never tried it.
