2	La Quinta in Phoenix is not the worst hotel I've stayed at but not so great.  The suite was nice and large but the decor left a lot to be desirable.  The bed was comfortable enough that i got some sleep but I was tossing and turning.  The carpet is this yucky commercial low pile stuff.  There is a continental breakfast but I was only tried the packaged yogurt.
3	I was pleasantly surprised at this hotel.  For the price ($65/nt), during my 3 days stay here (Tues-Thurs) I was quite happy with it.  There was a big comfy bed, a nice desk, big sofa and coffee table, fridge, microwave, coffee maker and decent wireless access.  The pool was nice and cold...although I couldn't get any cold water in my room.  It was over 100 F degrees outside.  I had the pool to myself.  There was plenty of parking also.  They also had smoking rooms for those interested.  Only one downside - the vending machine was only on the first floor...frustrating.  I'll stay here again and again if needed.  Right off the highway in Chandler.
4	Nice. Not bad. The continental breakfast is better balanced than a lot I've had. Wish the pool was open a little later though.
5	More like a hotel, with hallway room entry.  The king bed was more spacious and got to enjoy a really nice and quiet nights rest.  The restroom was very spacious also, the entry way and a very big business desk.I left a charger in the room but called to check if it was found and turned it.  It was and they are willing to hold that for me when I'm able to return to pick it up.  Really nice customer service.
5	I've stayed here now four times and have always been impressed with the front desk service, the breakfast offerings, and the cleanliness of my room or suite. The pet policy is great, my dog seems to love going "Camping."This is my favorite La Quinta location in the entire Phoenix area. Most of my business is in the West Valley area, so this location works well for me.Keep up the great work LQ Chandler.
2	Handicap Accessible CONCERNS.We booked 2 rooms, 1 being handicap accessible.  CONS1.  Room was in the middle of a long hallway corridor.2.  Room fair walking distance from the parking lot3.  A/C quit working in the at Midnight, service personnel arrived at 2AM, was able to get fan working but was not until 3AM.  4.  Addressed issues with staff at checkout and refused eye contact & said they'd look into with "no apology"PRO1.  Shower was a walk-inBoth rooms were nice set-ups modern appointments.  The 2nd room booked was fine.  However my biggest concern is anyone with handicap issues is vulnerable and with the hotel not addressing maintenance issues timely, makes me rethink for next time.  Plus the hotel is not the best appointed for Handicap accessibility.  My rooms were for family who had 'walking issues' with canes, definitely a too long of walk for them.
4	Simple and everything you need.  Would definitely stay here again.Reasonably priced.  The rooms are a comfortable size for a week's stay.  I've been in trendy "luxury" hotels that were nowhere near as comfortable.Everything looked clean.  They brought us as many towels as often as we asked for.The breakfast is not extensive but covers the basic groups - waffles, fruit, cereal, bagels, juice & coffee.Near to plenty of good restaurants.Cons:Yes, it's next to the freeway, but the traffic noise was usually a soft ocean sound, not disturbing at all.The bathtub faucet dripped and the drain didn't drain well, but they fixed both issues within a day.
5	Great little hotel "Inn" with all you need. Our AC went out and we needed a place to bring the family and pets. They have comfortable beds, new carpeting, flat screen TV, gym, pool and a decent breakfast of cereal, hard boiled eggs, yogurt, muffins, toast, bagels, and a waffle station. Coffee, tea, and juices too. I would have given a 4 stars because the elevator needed a good wipe down or refinish and our bathroom floor looked like it needed a DEEP grout cleaning. The 5th star was earned by the perfect for the price and the friendly staff at the front desk.
2	I tried to like this place due to the price but I just couldn't.When I first arrived, it took the staff about 10 minutes to even notice someone was there and come out of the back. Got checked in, and went to my room. Room was fine, other than the fact that the sink would randomly back up and black stuff would be everywhere. They were doing construction at the time so I'm not sure if it was related to that or what, but it sure was weird.Beds were comfy enough, Pillows seemed like they were old and been used one too many times.Parking was okay, never had an issue finding a spot.When I went to check out I had to leave super early (around 4am) and again, the staff could not hear me, or the phone ring (I tried calling the hotel to get them to come out and they just let it ring). Finally I left a note saying my room number and leaving the key and she finally came out about 10 min later again.All in all, It was a cheap place to stay, but not the best and I probably wouldnt stay here again if I came back into town.
5	Good value. Clean Rooms, Excellent service, super friendly staff. Hotel rooms a little dated, but everything else was great.
