4	This is Disneyland for golfers.  New/used clubs, driving range, clothes, etc...Not sure if they offer the best prices in town, but the variety and volume I would guess they would be hard to beat!
5	If you love golf you will love this store!  It makes Golfsmith look like a tiny shack in comparison.  The PGA Superstore has plenty of hitting bays with sophisticated simulators as well as a chipping green with sand traps.  Talk about variety, they have every type of golf club, accessory, training aid, travel bag, novelty, clothing you will ever need.  I can keep myself occupied in this store for hours!  Regarding price, I think they are comparable to Golfsmith and their re-gripping price is the best I've seen.
3	Yes ... great inventory and lots of hitting bays. Perhaps the worst service ever. Spent 90 minutes today shopping for irons and was not approached by anyone. Guy behind the club desk is surly and arrogant ... another customer asked me if they were helping people today or if we had to track down help. Store was NOT busy. New signs on hitting bays ask that you speak with a sales associate before trying clubs --- that's new ... and you have to talk to the surly dude at the desk ... ugh.
1	no thanks.  how can "THE" PGA SUPERSTORE, not have Titleist products?  the name and size are smoke-and-mirrors for what this place really is, a really big waste of time and money.  and did I mention the staff is rude....?? forget bout it, going to Van's.
1	I been to alot of retail locations and these are up their with terrible service high prices.I have gone there multiple occasions and it has been the same all the time. First time I went in there was to purchase a new R11. No service people around to help or they were to busy talking to one another. I left and went to another golf shop for purchase. I came in with my wife to look for a set of golf clubs for her. We walked around and had a few questions. Couldn't find any one around. I then approached 3 gentlemen at the training area, they did not acknowledge me for 3 minutes as I stood directly in front of the as they discussed their private lives. Finally I spoke up and asked for assistance, How sad that if im in front of you staring that I have to ask...After they answered my question they pointed over to where the box sets were and that was it. My wife agreed that was terrible service!We went over to the box sets and had more questions, but again had to chase a man who was quickly moving away as he saw us stare in his direction. After approaching him he gave a blank look and I just said never mind and left. I have finally decided after the many times that the prices are terrible and the service is terrible. I will shop elsewhere and I recommend you do to.
3	It's alright, deals aren't that great for being a superstore.  The only thing I like is that they have a good selection of grips.  They also bend clubs in a snap and can tell you if your shaft is the right flex.  Service is really bad.  It's true it's impossible to find someone on the floor.  So that's why they have the desk so you have to get in line to get help, bad concept.  I also don't like how they try to sell you their name brand club, and it's expensive.  I go to Dick's and use a coupon and buy whatever I want there.
1	I thought the PGA Superstore was a good place to get clubs re-gripped atleast, since it is hard to get service on the floor to get info about clubs.  The conduct of the man who does the re-gripping is horrible.  I would know his name but his name tag was turned around.  I was happy that the man could do this process in an hour, I returned an hour later only to be ignored, then questioned about what clubs were mine, he helped someone else that came to the counter.  I received service once I said I was heading out to my car, the clubs were finished and behind the counter the entire time.  Just a schrewd bitter man that can't multi-task and hs zero communication skills.
3	I discussed my concerns with the manager at the store, whom seemed to understand and address my concerns. He said they are doing things about trying to get the employees to be more concerned with providing excellent customer service. So I decided to try them once again, to see if anything has changed. This time the service was better, not best. After about 30 minutes in the store I was asked if I needed help, and did discuss with an associate on club choices for a bit and got a new putter, no the broomstick haha!Overall: The experience was better then before, they do have a lot of work to do in terms of providing customer service. I will give them a try a few more times, especially when the new Titleist AP's come out and see if they can earn my respect and business back......To Be Continued...
4	Today was my first visit to PGA Tour Superstore.  I read the previous reviews so was a bit concerned.  I was shopping for golf shoes and sandals.  I had a very positive experience.  The woman in the shoe department that helped me was wonderful!  And so was the young lady that took over when she finished her shift.  They were both attentive, helpful and knowledgeable about the products they were selling.  I am a new golfer so really aprreciated their help.
1	Don't expect good customer service unless your a mild age white person, or look like you just got off the course. Not once was I asked if I needed any help. -_-
4	Anything and everything you need for Golfing. Customer Service not great.
5	huge inventory right on the spot for you to choose. i used to be a big fan of Golfsmith, i am still a GS fan but PGASuperStore in Chandler is better than Golfsmith Chandler. For great deals you still have to do your homework, but for walk in and purchase PGA is better  for me. The golf simulator is handful and the bays are always available instantly (i usually visit the store around 6:00p). Customer service is good but don't expect instant pestering from the staff. You need to know what you want, shop yourself or get instant help... by asking. You keep you mouth shut they keep theirs. for club making tools its still Maltby and GS online to do the tricks. For apparel and golf clubs and accessories  PGA has huge selections.  Club fitting PGA has more bays, for club reshaft, regrip you have Dave, he is the dedicated person. GS? none; you have to get a hold of a sale staff.
4	I have some $10 off coupons to burn, so I stopped in today. I usually buy a glove but with the sale rack and a coupon I can get a shirt to shorts for 15 bucks or so. Good service and the staff is always cool. The customers are another story though, every time I'm there someone is trying to pull something on them. Today a guy had a return with someone else's credit card receipt, he insisted in cash back. What world does that work in?  Kudos to the staff for standing firm and not allowing cash back. They did offer store credit, of course he refused.  And you chops with trade in clubs - stop arguing over the value.  You paid $125 for used driver 5 years ago, and now you want $150 for it after putting idiot marks all over the top line and wore the grip down to the steel?  Get real.  4 stars for the store, 1 for most of the customers.
5	Very good service. Showed me a great set of beginners clubs to get for my wife, and let her hit them for awhile. They pretty much gave a free lesson to her while she was hitting them. They also are going to add 1 1/2 inch to the irons for free since we got a set. Would really recommend this store because I got great service.
1	I went in so excited because I've never been in one of these stores before and I love golf. We'll let me tell you, I practically had to beg people to help me. Maybe it's because I wasn't buying anything. I had lots of questions but only wound up asking a few because I didn't want to feel like a nuisance. I'll be shopping at Dicks from now. They're way more helpful and a lot friendlier.
4	Every time I visit the PGA Superstore it is typically because I am in need of a new addition to my golf game, I know that they will not only have what I'm looking for, but will have plenty of options for me to choose from!  On this visit I needed a club re-shafted and re-gripped due to an angry outburst on the course.  This was the first time I had visited their repair desk ,and the gentleman helping me was very friendly, informative, and knowledgeable.  He was clear about the pricing, my options, and when I could expect to pick up my club.  Their pricing is fair in comparison with small golf shops in the valley and I was happy to give them my business.
5	Pro golf instructor Brian Crawford is as good as it gets, he got me back on track in 6 lessons. He is patient and friendly.  Very knowledgable in all aspects of the game.  The store has all a golfer needs at market costs.  I got a one year membership and practice INDOORS several times a week which is very nice in the summer.  At most driving ranges a bucket of balls is $8  at a average of twice a week, my membership was paid for in 3 months.
