3	If there were an award for "best place to get all your new apartment essentials for under $300 that isn't Ikea" this place would get it, hands down.Here's the skinny on this, the most popular of Charlotte's Re-Stores.They restock daily, but the best day to go is Tuesday, as they're putting out the stuffs they got over their weekend (which is Sun-Mon, on which they are closed). Awesome stuff vanishes quickly from here, but also appears often, so keep an eye out.I don't really get the pricing system here, but there's always a deal to be had. Sometimes old couches are $100 - sometimes five times that. Housewares selection leaves something to be desired, but the building materials and random overstock kitchen, bathroom, whatever items are extremely reasonably priced and various. The last time I went in, they had a wall of cheap toasters for sale at $20 each (and not dinky stick yer toast in the top toasters, broiler toasters, woo).The location makes it super easy to stop in and try to get a deal on a new window, door, siding, etc before heading to the Home Depot across the street, which is awesome. The staff are rad, and Julia's Coffee is next store, so you can literally spend an entire afternoon stumbling around, drinking a coffee, trying out lay-z-boys, reading books, staring at light fixtures, etc. Fun fun.
2	The Habitat for Humanity ReStore is a great idea, but it never really lives up to its potential. Honestly, I've never gone in here and found something I could use in my house. I've heard that the occasional good piece can be found, but it seems to be rare unless you frequent this place weekly or so. The book store/coffee place is really the only part that is quality. Many old, dated fixtures, not much of anything else. Prices are average, but they seem a bit high for what I see...I don't know, it seems better can be found at your typical neighborhood goodwill or thrift store.
3	The ReStore is like a thrift store, sorta.  It's run on donations, but the donations come from all over.  As an individual you can give them stuff if you want, but more often they prefer items that come from businesses (contractors especially).  I was in there when they got a load of granite, and that was pretty cool.  If you need granite, I mean.  What thrift store has granite?What you need to realize is that they have a really eclectic selection of stuff.  One area is completely geared towards doing stuff around the house - you can find things like the aforementioned granite, doors, windows, cabinets, sinks, toilets, tile, electrical, who knows.  It just depends on what has come in.The other section is more like your typical thrift store, where you find furniture, and well, mostly furnishings - think mostly furniture, but you can also find pictures and other accessories.  I don't think I've ever seen clothes there, but that doesn't mean that they don't have them.  We have purchased small appliances (microwaves) and a number of pictures, which may be the best deal in the place.You can find monster pictures that are way cheaper than if you bought them elsewhere.  Don't know if they are taken out of homes when they are remodeled, or if they are cleaned out of foreclosed homes, but they are definitely good to find here.  We actually have times where we have so many that we can't hang them all.As Julia says, the furniture is totally hit-and-miss, and we find that for what they have, it's usually (way) overpriced.  But you might be able to find something cool, so take a look.
3	This store is a great idea.  It's large, has a wide vareity of items and lots of staff willing to help you.  I feel like it is the kind of place where if you are willing to become a frequent flier and figure out which days are the best shopping days, you will be able to find find some winners.  You will have to work for it though.  I'm not an avid thrifter, but the prices did seem a little high to me.  I realize the money is going to a good cause, but I was quite surprised by the price points.  While most of the items were in fairly good condition, I did open up a dresser and all the drawers were full of cat hair.  Yuck.  I mean I realize the stuff is used, but a little cleaning goes a long way when you are charging top dollar for used items.
3	I agree with most of the reviews already up about this place.  At first when you walk in, this place looks like it holds a lot of promise.  Then you slowly realize that the really good finds are few and far between.  And then you realize that the prices are jacked up a little bit over what you would expect at a resale shop.  There are a lot of interesting things kicking around in there.  Lots of cool old cabinets, especially, but usually they need substantial refinishing.Toward the front, they usually have some choice picks that are priced as if they were sitting in a fancy antique shop.However, the restore is an excellent source of doors, windows, and surplus construction materials like tile and wood flooring.And I love the cafe next door.On a side note, I often send clients there to do court-ordered community service, and they usually have a positive experience.  So that's a plus.
3	Cheap! Cheap! Cheap! And inexpensive, too!I have a new apartment. I need a few things and this was the perfect spot! I got a two drawer filing cabinet and a desk with hutch for $15 each. A fantastic deal!Yep, there are sofas and dining sets and all sorts of other stuff and when I'm looking to trick out my place a bit more, I'll be back for some of that.
2	This has to be to most over priced thrift store I have ever been too. Fifty dollars for a common living room table, over $100 for a desk? I have been here three times and only once ever walked out with a purchase, which was actually a great deal (I suspect the price was miss labeled).Also, they do not sell clothes here, it is a furniture only thrift store. On that note, they do have a large array of furniture, some of it quite nice (and quite expensive). In the end I would sooner spend some time on craigslist and get better furniture for less cost.
4	I had a great experience! I didn't go to shop, so I wasn't looking for anything in particular. I just went in to check out the store and I was amazed at all the furniture options! It's a big store. They had tons of couches, a couple of dining sets, and a few bedroom sets. They had everything from kitchen sinks, paintings, pianos, and were even connected to a bookstore/coffee shop. They also had a little wood shop section where a couple of volunteers helped build little bird feeders amongst other things for sale. Prices were great and they had amazing pieces that would give your apartment personality and that you couldn't find in a regular furniture store. The employees were help and sweet. Also, by the register they have little vintage pieces of things like an old iron. The only thing I wish they had was delivery, but they do have workers that will help you put things in your vehicle.
1	i called to offer a donation of several pieces of furniture and made an appointment to have the items picked up. At no time was I told that the driver would "review" my donations to determine what was acceptable and what was not. I took time off from work to be home for the pick up, The driver proceeded to tell me that a slightly used desk was not acceptable nor was the matching file cabinet . Of course they wanted the two book cases and upholstered office chairs in almost new condition. I was so irritated I refused to donate anything. I called the Salvation Army and they were happy to take everything. I will never donate to Habitat for Humanity again.
4	I have found some really awesome deals here - and some days I've really come up short, but I feel like there's always something I could buy.Tons of sofas and love seats, chairs, bedroom sets, office furniture, dressers and drawers, not to mention the lighting department, pretty much anything you need for your home is here. I've actually never wandered all the way into the cabinet/bath department because I've never needed to, but there are always plenty of people milling around.So far, I've taken home some great glassware, a few pieces of china, and an awesome record console (that mostly worked). Today it seemed like they had recently had a delivery of high bench seats from a restaurant, some days they have display cases, it's always fun to go in and see what's new. The prices are great, the employees are nice, and you're helping out the community. While you're there grab a coffee from Julia's next door!
3	I have a love-hate relationship with this place. As many of the other reviewers state, the Wendover ReStore has come great used stuff, but I think the person that does the pricing for the housewares and furniture section is out of their mind! While the stuff is old and used, and not always in great condition, they still price it as if they were in a retail store - actually, I think you could buy some of the same kinds of things at Target or Walmart for less than they are asking at the ReStore!
