4	I'm not a fan of cheap haircuts. You get what you pay for. I NEVER get a "real" haircut at any of these $10 places. But what I will say is, I've never found a cheap haircut place that can cut bangs as well as this particular Fantastic Sams. I've been all over the Valley in between my "real" salon appointments to get my bangs trimmed and I've never gone back to the same place twice... until now. Daisy- she's awesome, and takes her time. She does what a real hairstylist does- combs, measures, looks, cuts, repeat process. I've been back 3 times and had consistent results. I take my 10 year old daughter to her and she's slowly fixing the awful haircut she got at another salon (I use that term loosely). Again, you get what you pay for, and here, it's better than expected, at least for a kid's haircut lol. I can't speak for the rest of the staff but I will say this one stylist is good.
4	Thank you Chris for a great hair cut!!I walked in knowing I wanted to take several inches off my hair and go a completely different look. Chris, my stylist was patient and did exactly what I asked for even when I wasn't sure of what I wanted. She was even a bit conservative and not chop happy! I told her I may be back to go even shorter. I came back later that day and she recut it. It turned out great!She was a great listener, which in my book, makes a great stylist. Every stylist was friendly and the atmosphere relaxed!
5	Awesome Salon! New Owners cleaned it up and have a great staff!
5	I have been cutting my hair (buzzing it off) for the last 5+ years and felt it was time for a change. Went to this Fantastic Sams and Rob cut my hair. Rob was great. I came in with some ideas and he worked with those but changed it a bit to fit my head/hair and was constantly asking me what I thought. I had no experience with hair products so I told him that and he went over everything with me and showed me how to style and different ways to use the products. Definitely recommend Rob just tell him what your looking for and he'll make sure it looks good
4	Thank you guys for being courteous and helpful...not to mention fast and precise.  I always have a good experience here.  Different stylists each time, but it has worked out great.  Appreciate it!
1	I waited for an hour to get my hair highlighted I had previously called and said I was coming in and then it was my turn to be next and they took somebody else in front of me and told me to wait another 20 minutes.
1	The only stylist that was really good no longer works here so I won't be going back. Had someone else cut my hair and it was definitely not right. This place has gone downhill
