5	I love Gail, the kids club childcare provider in this gym....she's awesome and my son loves it there...The yoga classes are really challenging and this gym has stand up tanning booths and offers massage services as well.  Clean gym!
5	Yep... I do the gym thing. This is a nice gym. My old 24hr in Glendale, CO was not as nice but it was fun to go. Here I feel like I am being watched by guys that get total body waxings. My old gym had mainly gay guys, which was always nice and highly entertaining. Here, its a little boring to be honest.I rather drive forever to workout with my friend in Henderson, its a smaller 24hr, not as clean and fancy as this one but the guys there are normal and wont stare at your bouncing boobs.
5	Totally love the new look...they have all the best equipment! I am a total workout person. I love to take the classes and try out every equipment in the joint. HOIST machines OMG are freakin awesome!!! Whoever invented it is a genus!
1	EXTREMELY RUDE STAFF!!!  My first 1 star review, but I have to! Came here the other night was so turned off by the customer service. Granted that it was so damn late, didn't get greeted nor told that they will be with us shortly since only one person is taking care of a power drink transaction. How hard is it to smile and acknowldege someone's presence. I say don't work the night shift! We had some inquiry about membership and was so turned off by the response. I wish that I had gotten his name, he tried so hard to get rid of us when he has all the time in the world because no one else is there.  Not only he lacks  customer service skills, there's isn't  any marketing skills! The front person is the face of the business, this business should consider hiring some friendly and respectful staff so they won't waste all that renovation $. Too bad, I was new in the area  and in dire need of a new gym. My cousin had already convinced me, too bad  this damn thing happened.
4	This 24 Hour Fitness club has done a complete 180!  I used to hate coming here because the equipment was old and the facilities were a bit on the tired side.  Then they closed it for a bit and what reemerged is one of the nicest 24 Hour clubs you'll find.  Its like dating a girl who has packed on a couple lbs over the years and then she decides to lose the weight and when you see the results you remember why you first fell for her.  Im such a sucker for small and relatively inconsequential things but I LOVE that they now provide towels.  Not only does that save me having to remember mine, but it makes the whole facility that much more hygienic.  The new locker rooms are comfortable, spacious and well appointed.   I also am a big fan of the layout upstairs with the free weights, machine circuit and cardio equipment.  There are a lot of new machines here which makes a HUGE difference.  I mean you can tell when working out on a 8 year old elliptical just like you can tell the difference between a brand new BMW and 1989 Oldsmobile.  The pool facilities are more than sufficient and like another Yelper commented, the Jacuzzi tub is huge so you don't feel like people are sitting right on your lap.  A huge plus for these types of communal gym spas.  The classes are always crowded from the looks of it although I have yet to participate in any of them. Staff is friendly and unobtrusive which I like.  The basketball court is a bit confining which is a small drawback but other than that, for the price, this club has got it going on.  The only problem now is I have no excuses anymore to get out of going to the gym....
5	This is a top notch 24 Hr Fitness! This was my first time here and I was greeted like I was a regular. The people at the front desk are very nice and helpful. I attended a great spinning class. Mai was the instructor and kept the energy up and everyone motivated. Mostly importantly, they have tons of everything from free weights to cardio to machines. I never had to wait for anything. Although this gym is a little out  of the way, I plan on coming back.
4	I just upgraded to 24's Super Sport and I was so impressed with this 24 Fitness club. I had heard that this club was recently remodeled and I was pleasantly surprised with what I saw. All the machines look brand new and you got to love the treadmills and ellipticals with the bulit in TVs. The locker rooms have a little changing cubicle in each aisle, for those who don't like changing in front of other people. Also, the club has towels in various spots, for the dummies like me who forget to bring a towel with them when they work out. Love this place!
5	Since I was in middle school, I patronized the 24 Fitness at West Sahara and Cimarron.  I loved that gym: large, well maintained, friendly staff and people.  So when the announcement came that it was closing down in July of last year, I took the news with a loud, resounding and somewhat manly "NOOOOOOO!!!!"  Not quite like Darth Vader's at the end of episode III, but still booming.  BUT!  They were remodeling this location and all who had gone to the West Sahara gym could now go to this one at no additional cost.  Despite being further away from my house, I went anyway to check it out.First impression, "Holy crap this place is hoooge!  And has plushy lounge chairs!"  Granted, I am the type of guy who could lift weights in a shack and be happy, but it was a nice touch for people either chilling after a workout or waiting for your more motivated spouse/partner/relative/friend to finish their workout.  Second thing I noticed walking to the locker room: towels!  Wow, they must be spoiling us now!  Large cycling room with painted skies and mountains where it feels more outdoorsy than other cycle rooms with look more like raves.  Basketball court is small, with only two hoops rather than the usual six, but since I am 5'6" and don't quite have the jumping ability of Spud Webb yet, I don't really use the court.Locker Rooms:  CARPET!  Excuse the caps lock, but this is the first time I have ever been to a gym where the floor was not either concrete or tile.  Lockers a big and wide, with a ledge in front so you have a lot of room to put your stuff down while you change (unlike other 24's I have gone too with cramped lockers and barely any benches).  Showers with foggy doors so you have pretty good privacy, and a very large aquatic area.  Climbing the stairs to the workout floor, you have tons of workout space.  Cardio machines are in the area closed to the stairs, with weights on the other side of the floor.  Machines and benches are well spaced out and there are a ton of machines, so even when the gym is busy it never feels cramped or crowded.  Cardio machines are high tech, either having a personal TV so you can watch whatever you want, or sockets for you iPod or other personal electronics.  Lots of weights as well, though I personally prefer free weights over machines.There is also a "Personal Training Area" where trainers work with their clients, but is open to everyone.  It's basically a plyometric and functional fitness area, with rope, medicine balls, kettle balls and stools for jumping.  So if you're looking into a more explosive type of training, this is a good area to do that, and you might even witness yours truly tripping and faceplanting from a mistimed jump, as what happens once every couple weeks.  Only complaint I have about the floor, and it is a rather large annoyance for me unfortunately, is that the dumbbells are almost never in the right rack for the right weight.  In other words, I once found a set of 125 lb dumbbells on the rack for 40's, and so on and so on.  It sounds like at first that this only happens for a couple of pairs of weights, but it is quite a problem here, and the weights are often disorganized.  This escalates because when someone is done with their weights, and go to put the weights away and find other weights where his are supposed to go, they will often put it somewhere else, creating a chain reaction.  I try my best to organize to the best of my ability,  but sometimes I am forced to put the weights anywhere since I either can't get to the right rack, or the weights there are too heavy for me.  In conclusion, I was on the fence between giving this place a 4 or 5, making my "official" score a 4.5.  I went with five, because this place is practically perfect except for the organization problem with the free weights.  This is a an excellent gym, however, and is the best 24 I have ever been to.PROSLarge and new workout floorTowels available for useClean and roomy locker roomLarge and advanced aquatic area.Personal Training Area for plyometricsFriendly and courteous staff.CONSSmall basketball courtDisorganized dumbbells in the free weights area.WILL I GO BACK?  Oh yes, daily!
4	This was the 24 Hour Fitness I joined because they have a 3 lane salt water pool. Because I do laps, I don't like my hair getting dryer and turning lighter as I'm swimming. Since I've joined a couple years ago, they remodeled the wet area, locker rooms and added a kids' club. They also have complimentary towel service. Even though I've moved to the Southwest area, I come back just to swim.
3	*sigh*, I know, I know, I raved and swooned over this gym, but after going here for a bit, I began to realize something in the weight room.Gee, these dumbbells are always disorganized!  They are either on the wrong rack, or they're on the floor.  Why are people not putting them in the right place?  At first, I thought nothing of it, and thought it was just gym-goers putting them in the wrong spaces.  Then, after looking at the racks and numbers for awhile, it finally hit me:There are more dumbbells than racks for them!  Seriously, there are more dumbbells in the weight room than there are spaces for them.  No wonder the dumbbells are always disorganized, or out of order, or on the floor.  Why and how did this happen?  Before they opened this gym, didn't they realize that since there weren't enough racks and there was a surplus of dumbbells that it would cause inconvenient disorganization?  It boggles my mind that not only wasn't this fixed before the gym opened, but in the almost one year since it has been remodeled that nothing has been done about it.And it sucks, because besides that, this is such a nice gym,  But this is such a glaring error that it can't be overlooked, and thus must be deducted two stars.  Once that gets corrected, this gym automatically becomes five stars again.  Until then, I can't give it more than three.
4	Very nicely equipped and well organized. They have some excellent spin class instructor. My favs r Dallas and Mia. Too Still not as "fancy" as LVAC but I feel more "down to earth" here. Definitely less of a "meat market" than LVAC, which can be + or -.
3	Disappointing... Especially considering this is a "super sport." There isn't anything super about this gym. It is always a mess every time I'm there. Dumbbells are always everywhere except on the racks and weight plates litter the floor, and the staff doesn't seem to care. Overall this gym is fine, but it could be so much more. Just like most other 24's, it has a ton of potential but falls well short.
4	So it seem as though management is fixing some of the issues here.  While I don't think this Super Sport is "Super," I do see the effort that's been put in to keeping this gym nice.  I would give it a 5 star rating except for one thing: The cleaning crew needs to dust the old towel cubbies.  I don't think they've been cleaned since the club moved all the towels to the front desk.
4	If you're looking for a nice gym with updated equipment and facilities, this is a great place to go. My experiences with staff have been good and just bleh, some are great...others either don't listen or don't seem to care. A few annoyances: towel service used to be offered, if you forget to grab a towel downstairs - there are none offered upstairs anymore like there used to be - not sure why but I think it is a simple and cheap mistake on the gyms part. Come on guys, really? The software the gym uses is very outdated, so registering and training sessions get slowed down by this factor and my eyes burn when I go into the pool area, because the chlorine is just overwhelming to the senses, so this part of the gym is useless to me. Hope the company reads these reviews and takes these opinions into consideration.
1	This place used to be good, when it first opened, and was revamped. The towels were always clean and available and so were the machines. Now, they always run out of towels, and if they have some, they are ripped, and stained. The men's room was nice and clean, now I think they clean it once a month! It is just gross! There is never any tissue, and the place smells like a smelly sock at best! None of the shower doors work anymore, and I don't think there are any shower heads left. It is like showering with a hose! Once they stopped providing towels all over the facility, the place began to really get dirty, and smelly. If the towels are around, people use them, now they just drip and let it fly all over, with nothing to clean it up! I really wish I did not have to go here, but it is the one I signed up for, so oh well. I hope others complain enough until they get their act together. Thanks for the read!!
5	I recently moved to Vegas. I was hoping to find a good gym that had the equipment I needed for my fitness training. This gym is great. The staff makes it even better. I totally feel at home (this gym is my 2nd home...)If you are looking for a good gym...this is the one. Note: I go to this gym twice a day. I won't write a review unless I can substantiate what I post.
5	I really enjoy this place! I enjoy the crowd and energy. Theres all different sorts of people in their ranging from old to young, or very athletic to completley out of shape. There is quite a bit of machines so you never have to wait for one to be open. The people at the front desk really helped me.I am a very shy person and don't like working out infront of a lot of people, and at this 24 hour fitness I feel very comfortable.I am a 20 year old female.
4	This club is great, but it would be great if the Aqua (including Aqua Zumba ) could be held in the evenings before 6:00 p.m.Actually, I wish there were more classes after 4:00 but before 6:00.
4	For an update, I am not sure that this is a salt water pool. When I joined years ago, the sales person told me it was. But since, I've received conflicting information from the staff. Well whatever it is, I wear a swim cap now anyway. This pool is still super clean and in general the busiest one of all the 24 hour fitness locations. It's not an inconvenience though because the other swimmers are usually nice and considerate when sharing a lane.Also, the hot tub is large, temperature hot and very bubbly :)
4	I'm a fan of this place but I think they should move the stair masters away from the sun. I tried to get on them around noon but after 20 mins got off, way to hot of a area for cardio. Besides that it's all good.
4	Wonderful place to workout. Plenty of equipment, I go from 12-2pm 3 days a week and never have to wait for equipment. Staff is very friendly. 1 small complaint is the pool is a little small and I have taken water aerobics for the past 8 years to keep my arthritis from becoming worse and they only have a 9 am class, an afternoon class would be nice.
2	Customer service FAIL.   I've been working out at this gym for about 2 years now. I am a gym regular. I have invested in about $5,000 worth of training sessions and I purchase from $300 to $500 worth of supplements and gear on a monthly basis.    Yesterday, while doing ball bounces, a new trainer rudly interrupted me in the middle of my workout, she raised her voice and advised me that she was 'the trainer' there, and instructed me not to do ball slams because I wold damage the ball; these are cross-fit combat medicine balls with impact weight displacement meant for high intensity workouts, *meant for slamming hard*. ( I used to sell this stuff...I know).   I've been doing ball bounces for about 2 years at this gym and I've never damaged a ball. All the other trainers have seen me train this way. But the staff has changed and unfortunately the customer service at this gym is gone. I don't feel that the trainer's approach was professional which is a big disappointment, since I used to like this gym very much. I go to the gym to positively improve my quality of life, the last thing I want to experience is someone yelling at me and disrespecting me in the middle of my workout.    As I am aware that I am just another customer there...customers come and go without relevance...I will look for a another gym that supports high intensity workouts.Note: This review is not a reflection of Mario G. (the best trainer there, in my opinion). He is professional and passionate about his work. He is top notch. He gets 5 stars.
1	I just sent a letter to the corporate office about this fitness center and how dirty it is. I have taken so many pictures so they can see the proof. The bathrooms are disgusting, towel bins always over flowing, toilets dirty, trash always on floor. I understand that this is the clienteles fault for leaving trash but it is the facilities responsibility to keep it clean. The water fountains are gross, paint is chipped on walls, bugs in the light fixtures and broken light fixtures. The shower next to the hot tub literally has mold all over it and looks like a five year old re-tiled it.  One of the rails to the pool has been broken since I joined three months ago and the paper that is taped to it is not even readable anymore. The floor in the pool area and bathrooms are black in some areas. There is mold on the ceiling and the vents are black. They allow people to walk all over the pool area with tennis shoes on and they wear them in the sauna and steam room and work out in those areas. That is just dirty!  You should be able to sit in those areas and relax not see some sweaty disgusting guy in work out gear working out. They make it not even usable.  I could go on and on about how dirty it is. We pay $80 a month to use this facility and for that it should be squeaky clean and not a health hazard. If there is no response from the corporate office or not a visible improvement my next email along with all of the pictures will be to the health department. I would switch to LVAC if I lived closer or one  I used to go to LVAC and it was cheaper and cleaner. The staff for the most part is ok. Once you sign up though they don't speak to you except when signing in but I don't really care about that anyway. There is some staff that they should make sure they look more professional and not gangster wanna be's. The workout equipment is always kind of gross too. In all of the times working out there I have never sen one person walking around cleaning equipment which you will see at LVAC.   There is no music playing and most of the electronics you can plug head phones into to listen to the tv are broken or non existent.  It sucks when I forget my iPhone because of that. This is my first yelp review I am also posting to my Facebook so I can attach the pictures. If I do get a response and things get better I will update the review and remove the pictures.12.30.13 Received a phone call from Mike, the manager at 24 hour fitness.  He said the issues would be addressed and told me that he read on my review that I was going to post pictures.  He told me in a very polite way to not post pictures because it is a violation to the agreement I signed and that I "could be held liable".    I hope it gets better because I really don't want to spend extra time driving to LVAC.   If you have a choice I would recommend LVAC highly due to cost, customer service and cleanliness.  We will see if it gets better.
1	The cleanliness has not improved. If anything it's worse. We went last night was disgusting and there is mold growing on The railings at the spa. The corporate office never contacted me and have not seen the pictures but the manager did. However, nothing improved. There was not one staff member in site. We walked in, no one at the desk and no one at the desk when we left. The bathrooms were disgusting as usual and the towel bins stacked and falling over. I can't believe we pay 80 a month and it looks like this. Again, if it wasn't walking distance we would have joined LVAC.
5	I just finished a good workout. I wanted to take the time to update my review for this place. The manager has turned this place around in a matter of weeks. I've seen him working late and even weekends, holding meetings and  motivating the staff. Some of the new staff is friendly and upbeat. There is a new positive energy here, a different environment.  Just what you would expect when you go to a Supersport Gym. He truly deserves 5 stars. As I left the building at around 12:30 AM, I noticed the towels impeccably stalked, the gym clean, looking good. The young man at the counter, attentive and courteous, working hard. There is even a vanilla scent of some sort as you enter the premises. During previous weeks I had given this place a 2 star review due to a negative experience with one of the staff members ; however, what I have witnessed during the past few weeks outweighs the negative interaction. You have to commend good work when you see it. I recommend this gym for a good workout.
1	I'm a big fan of 24 hr fitness but I have to give this particular location a 1 star. Me and my wife came in to get my wife a free pass since I have it in my membership but one of the staff that was working in the front desk was very rude. Her name is Terry, and she said that I can't get my wife a pass. She also said just because I have a guest pass in my membership I can bring anyone to the gym. She was charging me $10 to get my wife a 1 day pass which it should be free since it's in my membership. This really ruined my morning and just decided to leave. 24 hour fitness is a very nice gym but if they will be having staff like that I would rather switch gyms and have a friendly gym staff environment.
4	I really didn't want to review this gym because I wanted to keep the rest of the gym goer's out of here.  That's right, I'm one selfish dude.  A couple of years ago, I made this gym my swim gym.  I only came to this gym to swim, no weights, no other cardio....just swim.  I don't swim much anymore, but in the last 10 months I started coming out here to mix it up, get a good training session in, and a little cardio.  This gym is one of my favorite out here because it's usually not as busy.  You can say that this is sometimes my Monday night gym.  I don't want to recommend this gym because I want to keep it to myself.  But if I have to be honest, this 24 Hour Fitness is one of my favorites out here. Gym Recap:-It's a Super-Sport-Plenty of equipment, free-weights and machines. -Squat/Power Rack with adjustable bars for heavy Rack Pulls. Except for LVAC, no other gyms have these hybrid Squat/Power Racks with adjustable bars that go low enough to do deep Rack Pulls.  -Obviously, a great back gym with their Power Rack, but also a good chest gym with multiple flat and incline benches. -Spacious locker room with huge lockers.  NOTE:  Showers tend to get full, so time it right. YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (043/366)
5	Just a quick props to the best 24 Hr in Vegas. Staff is so friendly. Gym is very clean especially the steam and sauna areas which other 24 Hrs seem to have a problem keeping clean and /or in working condition. Broken equipment almost never happens and if so its repaired quicklyThanks to all staff
5	I stopped by to use this gym on 5/16/14, at approx 11:30am. Being from California, Im not familiar with this gym. I walked in and was greeted at the desk by Theresa Monnico (something similar). Theresa was very polite and was kind enough to direct me several times to the cardio machines, locker room, sauna and self locking lockers inside locker room. I also made a purchase prior to leaving. Theresa was kind, professional and had answers to all my questions about this super sport gym. The 5 star rating is for the customer service from Theresa M.
4	I have an all-gym membership and have had it for years.  This used to be "THE" club and charged an enormous premium if you weren't lucky or patient enough to wait around for the deal of the decade.  It kind of went downhill a little on maintenance and over-run with teenagers but is on the uptick again. They have a lot of new cardio equipment and have moved to some of the new line of weight training equipment like all the brand new gyms.  The staff is generally friendly and helpful and there are a lot of classes as well as swimming and basketball.I'm so grateful all the kids apparently went over to lifetime because now it's just a great place for adults to get their workout done in a focused manner (except for you guys you hot 3 machines and think that just hanging a towel there or putting a water bottle on a spot is going to stop me - ha!)  Seriously though... it's not a pick-up joint as far as I can tell.  There are a lot of regulars and most people are just there to work out. No messing around.My only complaint is they moved to spray bottle and brown paper towels instead of moist towlettes to clean equipment.  It's inconvenient and those brown paper towels just fall apart when wet.Brownie points for having curelle dispensers all over the place.
4	My regular gym, tried others but they don't compare. Few people mingle too much, but most are focused on their workout
3	Has been my gym for last 8 months and a step up from some others I tried out. A couple things for the staff; would be good if they kept up w the cardio equipment. When I went yesterday half the treadmills were not working and one was filthy. Would be helpful if there were more sanitizing bottles and paper towels around.Changing room is okay and usually clean. Haven't used the pool or sauna, only the steam room which was is well maintained.There are some fellow gym goers who forget they are sharing w others and either put the weights back in the completely rack, or not @ all which can be frustrating especially when it's 270 lbs worth of weights on the leg press (this seems to be common). As much as I aspire to being able to press that much one day, being a chick w out steroids doesn't leave me w much hope in the department!
2	I don't know what happened to this gym. I've been coming here for about two years now and it has taken a complete turn. Some weird gang activity happens at nights. It does not feel safe anymore. You have to watch your back if you workout after dark and it's very uncomfortable.When I walked in last night, there were no towels. There was a big container full of towels and honestly I could not tell if they were clean or not. The front desk clerk, who was busy on his cellphone told me to get the towels from the container. I hope they were clean. The stair step machines are extremely dirty with sweat stains, you have to cover the handles with towels just to make sure you don't touch any previous sweat. Half of the treadmills don't work and the equipment is run down and dirty.This gym does not feel like a Super Sport gym anymore. It feels like a free community gym at a correctional facility. Very unfortunate. Not worth the money anymore.
5	I meant to update this review a few days ago; I've been busy. I'm not quite certain if anyone even keeps up with these reviews at all. I do know that I do check all reviews before I select a business to go to.I spoke to the gym manager. He is always courteous and attentive. He's receptive to feedback. Since then, the peace has been restored at the gym. I've not witnessed any  violent or dangerous situations as had been the recent past trend at nights. Things have changed in a matter of weeks. I'm not sure if it was coincidental or if it was due to a performance improvement plan implemented by the manager. Whatever it was, it seems to work just fine. As you come in, the towels are handed to you by the front clerk. In my opinion this is an excellent practice. Not only does it personalize service, making you feel that this is indeed a Super Sport location, but it also prevents the other users from grabbing 5 towels at a time (I never understand why anyone would need 5 towels unless you are about to clean the gym lol!)On 8/15 (Friday night) I went in for a late workout as I always do. I witnessed the cleaning person do a thorough cleaning session of all treadmills and other cardio equipment. Moving equipment around and making sure everything was spotless clean. I was very pleased to see that. The next morning I went back for a cardio session, and as I walked in Massage Envy was giving complimentary massages ( which of course I enjoyed very much and plan to get a membership with them as well). Later, a beautiful fit woman was promoting a fitness plan at the front lobby. Call me superficial, but I love seeing fit beautiful people at the gym, that is what is all about. I want to workout where people look good and work hard for their good looks. This is what I expect out of a gym.Finally, what sealed the deal, was a delicious scented tropical smell that welcomes you to the gym as you walk in. Spa like smell...I'm into this kind of stuff... A complete 360 degree turn. This is once again my favorite gym. I'm a sucker for good customer service and beautiful people. When it comes to gyms, I don't want to save money, I want to feel good when I work out. I will pay the additional cost if it delivers. So if you are in town, come check them out. Good place to workout at.
