5	I have known James Smith as a fellow lawyer in the community for over 30 years. One thing that really impresses me is that I have run into him many times in the Clark County law library. Although a lot of legal research can be done online, when you really need to drill down deep and fully understand some aspect of the law you still have to go to an old fashioned law library so that you will know as much or more than a well prepared opponent. The combination of James's native intelligence and willingness to spend the time to get it right by researching the law instead of shortchanging his client by "winging it" and bluffing means he is very prepared when representing his clients. If I need to refer a client to a lawyer in an area of the law where I don't practice I can be confident James will do excellent work for the client.
5	Mr. Smith is a very knowledgeable attorney and a pleasant person to talk to. He helped me on several occasions, both in personal and business issues. He has patience with clients, he is polite and has good manners. Mr. Smith can handle a variety of legal matters. I highly recommend him!
5	I've worked with both James and Amber now for over 4 years. They're great at explaining very complicated issues and helping me to navigate through legal requirements. I've worked most often with Amber, and her knowledge of the law and legal process is impressive. I'd recommend them to anyone needing a good, honest and hardworking legal service.
5	James Smith is an excellent attorney. I have used his services in both business and personal legal matters. He is very knowledgeable, trustworthy, professional, and reliable. I also think it is important that James is very experienced in multiple areas of the law.
5	I have been using James Smith's services for the last Fourteen years.  I have referred him to many of my best clients as well.  He is honest, straight forward, and he will return your telephone calls.  He is not your typical attorney........which is a good thing!
5	I have been acquiring James Smith legal services since 2007 and till this day cause of his accurate legal counsel!  I have dealt with other attorneys when I need advice they give me the round around or ages to talk to but hands down, James is very caring, professional and has always been there for me if I have any legal questions no matter what time of day. I highly recommend James if you need help in these confusing legal matters! Wish they were more attorneys like him.
