4	we were feeling very lazy last night and didn't even feel like changing out of our workout clothes to go out to eat, so yes, we probably stunk as well.  But at any rate felt like we could have dinner here and nobody would be offended.   this in fact was true.  being raised on authentic sicilian food, i sometimes just want the basics done right.  that's what you get here.  no frills, but good marinara sauce over whatever pasta you want.  the owner greets you at the door and will speak to you in Italian if you wish.  our waiter was a very sweet college boy who did a great job.nice university crowd mixed with some locals...anyone could be happy here.
2	Overpriced, underspiced, out of the way, and ugly. I could go into the the details, but you get the gist. OK, I'll go into the details. The pasta dishes were too expensive and the sauces (marinara and Alfredo in my party) both tasted "cheap". I thought the marinara was of the Boyardee/Heinz Ketchup variety and the Alfredo was missing the fatty-salty sinful goodness that makes Alfredo awesome. I felt gypped by the portion size on my pasta, which in my mind should never happen, since as an ingredient pasta is so cheap.We ordered two different underwhelming glasses of wine which would have been priced about right, if they were much better (range of $7-10). The wine was served in heavy, awkward goblets which were totally inappropriate in my mind. The decor is dated and the parking lot sucks to get in and out of as well as to navigate.The restaurant is somewhat dimly lit, and the booth we had was small. The server was attentive, but the food just wasn't that good. After dinner, an app, and 2 glasses of wine, the bill was about $60, but for the quality, it should have been $30. I love local restaurants and hate chains, but I would much prefer Biaggi's or even *holding nose* Olive Garden to Minneci's. If you want good local non-chain Italian, go to The Great Impasta.This place is so sub-par that I recently had the opportunity to go with a $25 gift cert to soften the blow and I still declined. No economic stimulus package can get me back to Minneci's.
1	We tried this restaurant for the first time. First off, they served packaged crackers instead of bread. The waitress was slow, it took a long time to even get our water served at the beginning, so long that we had been ready to order for a while before she came with the water. The restaurant was beginning to clear out when we came in, so they were not too busy (said the waitress when she brought the check). We both had house salads, one with the house dressing and the other with Creamy Italian dressing. The house dressing was basically straight-up vinegar, and the creamy italian was basically typical ranch dressing. We did have the packaged crackers to go along with it. On top of it, we began eating the salad with our hands since we had no silverware for the first couple minutes.We ordered cheese pizza with spicy tomato sauce with sausage, green peppers, and mushrooms. The pizza was decent. It was well done, and apparently took longer than expected to bake, as we were served the warm HARD rolls and garlic bread approximately 10 minutes (just a minute) before the pasta and pizza were served. One piece of garlic bread was good, the other was falling apart and did not taste right.We also ordered spaghetti carbonara, which did not have very much flavor. It was certainly not carbonara sauce, it did not even look right. The meat did give it some flavor, but it just was not right. The waitress was not very attentive and delivered the check before we were finished eating. There were 2-3 servers standing around near the bar during the majority of our dinner.Perhaps the marinara sauce at this restaurant is their specialty, but our first visit here will be our last, mainly due to the quality (or lack there of ) of service. It might be ok for pizza to go.
2	Went with a group of 6 (not my suggestion, but the company was good so what the hey). We were relegated to the back room and forgotten for 15 minute intervals, leading to the predictable results of empty water and drink glasses. They only had 4 types of salad dressing: Italian, creamy Italian, ranch and bleu cheese. No Caesar. WTF. I also do not think they employ busboys.Since last time, they have reprinted and probably rehashed the menu. The pasta dishes were 'fine', except the meat lasagna which was good. My linguini with clam sauce was fairly poor. One guest's steak was done just right. One thing that has improved is the wine. It is much better than last time, and the prices are good for the quality. Get drunk and the food will taste better.
4	The food here is quite good. We have yet to be disappointed, and it is refreshing different than the chains like Olive Garden.
4	We had a really nice dinner at Minneci's last night.It was decently busy, especially since it was right before an Illini basketball game. It really cleared out after that which was nice because I was with my family and wanted to sit and talk. Even when it was crowded and there were two other groups in our small-ish room, it was easy to hear each other. The music was nice, but wasn't blaring like some restaurants like to do. It was a reasonable volumeThe food was delicious. My husband and I both ordered the "Angry Pasta." I forget what the real name is. It was a HUGE portion! It had a nice spiciness to it, not overwhelming though. Topped with lots of fresh basil. VERY nicely done! The garlic bread was good also, very buttery.  I just had the leftovers for lunch, and it was still really good. The only thing keeping me from a five star rating is the service. We had a young waitress, I'm sure she was a student at the university and didn't care that much. She just didn't seem to be happy that we were there, only brought 4 appetizer plates for 5 people (finally brought one AFTER the 1st appetizer was done) and she forgot the second appetizer. I will be going back again next time I have a hankering for some good Italian food.
5	If you haven't tried Minneci's lately - you should go. The restaurant has undergone some great changes, polishing things up nicely. I have always had excellent food (try the spicy marinara!) and friendly, welcoming service. The wine list is approachable and the menu has all the classics done right plus some great extras like a delicious italian beef sandwich.
1	I was really disappointed in this place.  I was hoping that, perhaps, there was a good local Italian restaurant in the area... I ordered pasta in an Arrabiatta sauce. It was so salty it was unbelievable. I add salt to just about everything, but this was bordering on inedible. For what I got, I thought the meal was way overpriced. The portion was large, but the food itself wasn't very good. $17 for something eh.My date ordered the manicotti... it looked like the stuff you buy frozen at the store with some Ragu on top. I hate to be so severe on a small, locally owned business, but seriously, taste your own food!
4	I don't go to Minneci's often, because it is expensive, so I consider it a rare treat when I do get to go. That being said, I know what I like there, so I usually order the same thing. I highly recommend the spinach tortellini with meat sauce--it's so rich and wonderful! Definitely get it with garlic bread, and if you really are a fan of sauce, ask for extra. The salads are sparse and bland, so don't fill up there. Wait for dessert! I'm telling you, you won't find a better cannoli in town. These are the desserts of the gods. I am speaking here with the utmost seriousness--if you miss the cannoli, you won't understand why this place deserves at least 4 stars. In fact, the only reason I'm giving Minneci's 4 out of 5 stars is because of the sad attempt at a mojito I had there recently. The time before last, I had a mixed drink and it was excellent, but this mojito must've been made from the tears of a despondent bartender; it was so watery, I could barely tell it had any rum in it. Basically, avoid the mojitos and nosedive straight into the cannoli and you'll be golden.I've also tried the homemade cheese lasagna with meat sauce and the pizza margherita, and they are both excellent. As far as pizza goes, this is pretty decent stuff. It's not the best you'll find in a swanky Italian joint, but the fact it has fresh basil on it is a major step up, in my book.Minneci's didn't used to accept reservations, but they do now, so if you're headed there on Valentine's Day or another holiday, definitely call in advance.
5	After three years in Champaign I finally went to Minneci's because I got a restaurant.com coupon - $100 off if you spend at least $200 total.  Four of the six people in my party were first timers.  We all heard mixed reviews and I was starting to get dubious because of some bad reviews on Yelp.I don't know why people are so down on the place.  The only bad thing was zero parking at 6pm on a Friday night.  It seems pretty popular.  There were some families with younger kids, but mostly it was adults (we were all 25-30 yr olds).  We got to try a lot of stuff because of our coupon - we ordered 3 bottles of wine, 4 appetizers, six entrees and two kinds of dessert.  Not a huge wine list, but all the wine we ordered was pretty good.The meals are neither cheap nor expensive for a sit down Italian restaurant.  There are $30+ veal dishes, but most pasta/chicken dishes are $13-$17 and they give you huge portions of pasta.  I can say for certain that four of the six of us really loved our meals and I'm pretty sure the other two liked theirs fine.  Entrees come with soup or salad and garlic bread.  The garlic bread was mediocre, but my clam chowder was good.  The mozzarella sticks, eggplant and meatball appetizers were all good, but the shrimp scampi (really overpriced at $9) was only so-so.  The spumone gellato and irish cream bash desserts were both amazing.Waitstaff were friendly, professional and attentive, even on a busy night.
5	MOVED NOT CLOSEDI have gone to Minnec's for around 27 years, and have yet to be disappointed. They make there own pasta and sauce so any pasta dish will not disappoint. Toasted ravioli with red sauce is up there on my list. They also make a very good pizza home made crust and sauce.Nice wine list you can find a good wine to complement your meal.For starters the tostini & sicilian olives are just great. The cost is not out of line,the two veal dishes are the only things on the menu that is over $20.00 most are $12.00 to $16.00 +or-. My wife and I can get out with appetizer, garlic bread, entrees, and a bottle of wine for $70.00 or under thats with a 20% tip and tax. This place is like Mas Amigos one block from campus so don't get your hopes up on parents weekends or football weekends a reservation is your friend. Not closed just moved 2501 Village Green PL. Champaign 217-366-9222.
5	Had the calamri it's was really good & the waitress was really nice about the whole I hate tentacles thing so she asked specifically to not have any in the dish. Husband had shrimp coctail it was good but price was a little high. Good minestrone soup! Entree was spinach tortalini pretty good. Husband had pizza sandwich & liked it. Desserts tiramsui & canoli were really good.  Waitress was really nice. We will go back!
4	I went to this restaurant because I need to use my restaurant.com $25 certificate there, since it is one of the two restaurants that participate in restaurant.com network. I didn't really want to go considering only 2 star yelp ratting. However, I have to say it is much better than my expectation, at least the lunch is not bad. The lunch menu doesn't have many choices, just some pastas and sandwiches, around $6-$8. The pasta comes with bread and either soup or salad and the sandwich comes with chips. The spaghetti I ordered was enough for a very hungry man. The taste, well, not authentic, but not bad. My friend who also visited there before likes the dinner steak there. Maybe I will just stop by sometime later. I would like to give it 3 or 3.5 star. But since other reviews are too bad, probably just give it 4 start to support.
1	i joined yelp just to comment on this place.... it stinks.  i wish my initial criticism could be more constructive, but that was the first thing my husband and i said when we finished eating there last week.  we are both vegetarian and look forward to eating at italian restaurants because of the variety we can enjoy.  that was not the case here.the service was lacking incredibly.  the waiter was nice.... when we saw him... but most of the time, he was talking with other staff members.  my husband ordered the salsa rosa upon the recommendation of our server.  it was a combo of marinara and alfredo.... and it was..... everything one could expect from a can.  i ordered the garlic and olive oil pasta.  it is a dish i make at home, so i was looking forward to it.  i was literally handed the most enormous plate of plain pasta ever.  it had been tossed in olive oil... that much was sure by the fact that i could tip the oil on my napkin with a quick slant of the plate.  it had dried parsley flakes and some generic shaker cheese on top.  no fresh garlic.   no fresh cheese.  no flavor.  and it was "reasonably" priced at $13.  (sigh)  i also ordered the asti moscato.  it was flat.  i really couldn't believe it.  it tasted like white grape juice.  so gross.  we had ordered dessert and wine and an unremarkable appetizer of, surprisingly, fresh mozzarella -- and spent over $90, with a tip.  there is no way it should have cost that much.  in fact, it was a bad night on the floor.  the table next to us sent back their entire order, and so did the table behind us.  we should have sent ours back as well, but my husband felt that was "uncool".... so we paid.... through the nose..... for some processed, not-so-fresh, not-so-flavorful food? i wouldn't pay for it twice though.  minneci's:  if you could do some quality control before your food goes from the pass to the table.... that would be rad.... because at this point, you're sending an extreme amount of glorified cafeteria food into our dining room.
4	Love Minneci's!!  It's a friendly, down to earth family restaurant that serves delicious Italian food.  Everytime I've went (usually during lunch time -- it's cheaper then) the owner has greeted us at the door and been extremely accommodating.The food is good, authentic Italian.  The marinara sauce is delicious.  And each table has packaged crackers and breadsticks, which I enjoy snacking on while waiting for the meal to come. Free appetizers are free appetizers, no need to be picky, folks!Give this place a try for a romantic date night, it's nice to visit a small family-owned place from time to time instead of going to all of the chains on Prospect. blah
4	Have been here a few times over the past three years. It was never remarkable, in either way. I would say it was on par with Manzella's. Friendly staff, decent food, but not amazing.***BUT***We had a gc and went to use it, not realizing the ownership had changed.  BIG Improvement. The new owner claims that the recipes have not changed, but when I questioned this he said  the only thing that they changed is that they have started using higher quality ingredients.Our table ordered: Chicken Parm, Tortellini with Salsa Rosa (mix of Marinara and Alfredo), Meat Lasagna, Italian Beef Sandwich, Chicken Marsala, Beef Ravioli, Clam Chowder, and Salads. The clam chowder was delicious - much better than the previous (pasty and thick) version. The Marsala was also much better. In both dishes you could tell that it was more "from scratch" and flavorful with the addition of wine/Marsala that didn't seem present before. The portions are mostly generous (the lasagna was smaller than expected, my brother was still hungry after his salad, garlic bread, and lasagna, and he's not huge, 6'2", 185ish). My husband said the sandwich needed salt, and I would prefer no/less herbs on the garlic bread, but overall, this was a much better experience. I would go back just for the soup!
4	We dined alfresco on a Sunday evening in June. We were the only people outside. It was our own private place. Our server was on the ball and attentive but not annoying. The manicotti in meat sauce was awesome! I will seriously get that every time I go. Salad was typical as was the g.b. Wine was decent and reasonably priced. I grew up in a very Italian area and I honestly found this food to be up to par.
5	My husband and had our wedding catered by Minneci's and not only did we enjoy the food ourselves but many of our guests told us how great the food was. We have been back since then and do plan to go back again as it's one of our favourite restaurants in town. We love the steak and the Baccala.
5	Best Italian restaurant in Champaign-Urbana.  Great food, great atmosphere.
4	My team had a great dinner here one night. The atmosphere and the service were both extremely pleasant. The meatballs that we shared as an appetizer were enough for 3 people to get a good taste. My toasted ravioli (a heavy dish, to be sure) was very filling and satisfying.
2	I went into this dinner with high expectations.  I had heard only goods things.  We had a great server.  She was very friendly and helpful.  When we were there we saw that they were participating in restaurant week.  We immediately did the couples special because it was a great deal.  We ordered calamari for the appetizer and though it was crispy, it was extremely bland and only luke warm when we received it.  I then had a bowl of clam chowder and this we pretty good.  For our main courses we got chicken Parmesan and cod dish.  The chicken Parmesan was similar to the appetizer in that it was very bland.  We were expecting delicious Italian food and received nothing special.  My fish was extremely over cooked but the server was very helpful in getting me a new dish.  I tried the Primavera and was pleasantly surprised.  It was very good.  We tried the cheesecake dessert and the lemon cake and both were delicious.  Unfortunately the food was nothing that would temp me to come back especially for the prices you pay.
4	Good food, service , in a cozy atmosphere.
5	I've been there twice and the food is awesome. I will rate last night's dinner now. I had two drinks: the raspberry cosmo and the pear something or other. Both were delicious, not stingy with the alcohol and reasonably priced at 5-6$.I absolutely love the minestrone soup. The garlic bread and rolls were delicious. I ordered linguine with white clam sauce and it was nom-tastic. Other members of my party orded the spinach tortellini (yum), the veal parmesan (this is good, too I had this the first time I went). Since it was my birthday, I got a free cannoli for dessert. It was maybe a bit too sweet but I'm not a huge dessert fan. The service was awesome. We were in a large group of about 17 people and everything came out correctly and at the same time and fairly quickly. The servers were very fun and personable. The atmosphere was great. We were all put at one table. It was just the best venue for what I wanted. I just went yesterday and I really want to go back :).
1	Summer 2012. Came here after a ceremony and it was not good. The salads had been refrigerated (frozen?) beforehand and were not done thawing. The food was of the microwaved quality. Our party wasn't that big to where everything had to be made the day before was it? Come on Rob, is your campaign for political office keeping you out f the kitchen? Charlotte's not doing much these days, let her help.
1	This review is based on the food, not the service. We ordered the house cabernet, which tasted like water. The salad was watery and soggy. The food might as well have been frozen dinners from Walmart. Overall, way overpriced for the quality of the food. Avoid this place if you're looking for a meal fit for humans.
3	apparently this place is under new ownership.... and you can tell.  the dining room is still dark as hell and a little dated, but the food was much, much better.we had one coupon left to use, and company in town who don't like "adventurous" food.  i figured this was the perfect place.  the food here was pretty close to cafeteria fare the last time we dined here, so it seemed as far from adventure as i could get.  we ordered, and we were surprised.  while the food still wasn't gourmet or super fantastic, it was so much better than it had been in the years before.  it seemed fresher, and not as if it had been just popped into a microwave moments before it was served to me.  most of the food tasted like it had been cooked 6 months prior to my eating it.  it was really, really not good.  this was much, much better.  while i probably wouldn't come back, because it's still sort of expensive for what you end up getting -- i don't think it's as terrible as i once did.  it's still not great, but it's better.
4	My husband and I have visited Minecci's many times. We have not sampled their pasta dishes, what we have had is tasty. Our go-to is lightly battered cod topped with marinara sauce and a few kalamata olives. It could do without the breading, but it is very good nonetheless. Soup has always been good. Salads are plain, but serviceable. The one gripe I have had with their food is their veal parmigiana. I thought it was pretty cheap for veal and there is a reason for that. It is ground meat, not a filet.The atmosphere is certainly dated and a bit dim, but I think it feels like a little family restaurant. The decor seems to be in good condition. It is not meant for an urbanite's night out, just a comfy spot for a low-key date or small family celebration.
4	Had lunch once and dinner once. The amount of dinner was big enough. And the price for lunch was not expensive. I can't tell if the taste was authentic. But I like it. This is a delegate but low profile restaurant. It is a hidden gem in Champaign.
5	Excellent food, service and atmosphere!  I was visiting from out of town and had a craving for high quality Italian food and wine for a decent price, and I was so lucky to have been driving by this place and stopped in.  We had the spinach tortellini with the homemade salsa rosa (excellent!) and the huge house Italian salad. The place has a homey feel, but very professional wait staff.  I highly recommend this place.
1	This was possibly the worst Italian meal I've ever eaten. Chicken saltimbocca was prepared wrong, thick rubbery chicken with a piece of prosciutto sitting on top, swimming in a yellow watery sauce. Even the side of pasta was inedible, with a too sweet ketchup-y meat sauce.   Save yourself & your money & stay away from this place.
3	I really like Minneci's. The food is great. Though I generally get the Italian Beef because it's huge, warm and delicious, I've tried a few of the pasta dishes and they've been pretty good (though a bit small). The garlic bread is to die for, though often it doesn't seem like there's enough. The atmosphere is also nice; it's quiet and well lit. A great place for a date, for instance.The problem that we've run into is the service. The last time I went was with a big group (we were celebrating our graduation) and the service took three hours. The poor waiter appeared inexperienced, and accidentally whacked me in the glasses with a salad dish. I don't really fault the poor kid for being thrown into the situation, though, and I also don't fault him for the kitchen being unable to prepare our food in a timely or reasonable manner. It was a weekend, we called ahead for a reservation by a day or two and the restaurant wasn't crowded. The service should have been better. I'd go back to Minneci's if I had a hankering for Italian, but I'm not sure I'd schedule anything afterwards.
