5	I'm already a huge fan of Nobuo so I'm psyched to for any chance I get to try his food. Super bonus when it's very affordable.Missed the 1st incarnation of this as I was out of town but happily made the 2nd.  Love the fact that it ran from sundown to midnight.  Big fan of anything that goes late. Actually went quite a bit past midnight.Went with several friends which enabled us to try a good portion of the menu:Started with McClendon's Select shishito peppers roasted in olive oil & soy sauce. Super yummy. About 1 in 5 were spicy. Perfect with beer.Next up was watermelon & goat cheese with McClendon's Select sun-gold tomato, olive oil & mint. Another great dish. Light & refreshing. Great for the AZ night. A universal favorite is always the soft shell crab sandwich with green papaya slaw. These are always killer. Got hooked on these at Sea Saw a long time ago and they are one thing I can never get enough of.Had the pork belly with steamed buns & pickled mustard greens. This was a killer sandwich. Loved it. Also had the marinated short rib with steamed buns. Also good but would probably do 2 pork belly next time. Anddid my first ever Okonomiyaki - Japanese pancake with pork, octopus, squid topped with pickled ginger, shaved bonito, dried shrimp, Japanese mayo & tonkatsu sauce. I'd been wanting to try this for a long time. It was super yummy. Quite rich too. I batted cleanup for a couple people with these.I also did one of the Japanese sodas which are always fun. They're the one in the cool shaped bottle with the marble used as a seal that you have to break through. Kind of like an interesting candy flavored Sprite, less sweet though. Yummy.And then I finished up with the Kakigori (Japanese shaved ice). I went with strawberry, sweetened condensed milk and red bean. Just flat out awesome.Ready for Nobuo's next gig!
5	Nobuo just knocked one outa the park ! Tonight was an open house and food tasting of the new menu at Nobou at the Teeter house. The place is a small historic home renovated and sits just across from Pizzeria Bianco.  The evening was $15 and we sampled everything on the menu. Is was a full house and the food kept coming. The servers passed Asian Hors'd ouvres to our tables. Every bite was succulent with the freshest of the fresh. A piece of salmon wrapped around a very special little almond drizzled with a unique basil sauce. Pork buns that melted. A square of watermelon with cap of goat cheese, refreshing ! I absoulutely loved the tasting and can't wait to go back for dinner ! This cuisine if something out of the ordinary and very SPECIAL ! This is fine dining in a cool hip place !
4	So we went to the event last night at Teeter House and what a great way to spend a Sunday evening! We got in right at 6, so it was a bit slow but it picked up as the night went on. They had several different Japanese Beers, my fave being the one made out of sweet potato!   The food was awesome, can't wait to eat a real meal there.We started out with these cucumbers with crab. They followed with a crispy fried whole shrimp and papaya salad. This was one of my fave dishes of the night. Next, they brought Salmon Gravilax with a smoked almond in the middle and topped with chive oil. Another one of my faves from the night. They also had this watermelon and goat cheese app that was soooo good. They have Shishito peppers wiht shaved Bonito that were perfect with the rest of the food and the beer. For me, the piece de la resistance was the steamed bun with mustard greens and slow roasted pork belly. Holy bar food batman!!  Overall, great evening and great food. What a great little spot to get some cool beers and enjoy some awesome food.
5	Nobuo shows his unique talents with everything on the menu. Carefully crafted features with much to drink. Start with the pork belly buns and a stout. Then go on until you can no longer.
4	We stopped by to try the steamed buns as my better half has a deep infatuation for pork belly (and I short ribs).The server was awesome, very attentive and sweet.The steamed buns were pretty delicious!  In my opinion, I would take the short ribs meat and put them in place of the pork belly, just to get all the accoutrements...  We also had the Mixed Greens salad which I thoroughly enjoyed.The drinks looked interesting, will definitely try some out when I'm back for another lunch or dinner!
5	Don't miss the new @NobuoAtTeeter headed by James Beard award winner Nobuo Fukuda formerly of Sea Saw Restaurant. Teeter House feels like a cozy home with separate seating areas and a 4-seater bar shared between a full alcohol bar and Nobuo's prep area. We sat at the bar right in front of Nobuo and were entertained the whole night by his artistic preparation of what I would call new-style sashimi, along the same vein as what Crudo is doing in Scottsdale - small plates of fresh raw seafood dressed with flavored oils and local in-season fruits and vegetables. Each dish excited the palate with creative combinations of flavors, textures and temperatures, such as the Hirame Carpaccio topped with hot sesame oil at the table.Unfortunately we missed the other side of the menu and will have to wait until next time to try the warm dishes. Although based on the mizuyokan we had for dessert, I am sure the kitchen puts out equally excellent food. The mizuyokan, a red bean pastry held together by gelatin or agar agar, had a velvety texture (a little firmer than panna cotta) and a perfect level of sweetness (less sweet than the cloyingly sweet versions I've had in Japan).The restaurant is located right across from fellow James Beard award-winner Chris Bianco's pizzeria and open everyday except Monday for lunch and dinner.
5	Nobou is incredible, awesome simple, yet extremely flavorful Japanese food.  Served in tapas style so you can try everything... which is highly suggested.  Everything from the shishito peppers to the pork belly are delicious, Nobou is also is master with a knife so try the different shashimi dishes.  If you haven't tried or heard of Chef Nobou's food.... do it!  Also they have a great selection of imported Japanese beers and sake!
5	Sure, sure, I could be doing more work...but, I had to make time to give Nobuo a proper yelp out. Finally having some spare time to try some place new, we were rewarded with a Top 5 Phoenix meal. Nobuo is a pure genius, maybe even an evil genius, in the best way. The space at Teeter House is near perfect. Traditional, yet modern, simple, but slightly daring...like your college professor's house north of Berkeley but with food straight out of the best little crudo place in San Francisco. Simple furnishings with a cozy bar area and modern, classic Asian decor. Old school AZ on the outside, cool Osaka on the inside. That's right...I wrote that earlier...Nobuo could duke it out with the likes of any restaurant in San Francisco, or New York, it really is that good. Every tapas-sized dish we had was great. The grapefruit and hamachi was a fantastic combination with great truffle hints and perfectly fresh fish. The pork belly was a savory melt-in-your-mouth delight on a fresh made "bun" (a steamed bun, possibly rice based). Bourdain would be jealous. The hirame carpaccio was equally good and comes with a fresh made simple focaccia to enjoy the oil. To top it off, the Okonomiyaki - a savory seafood filled pancake, think of it sort of as a Japanese version of a quesadilla - filled with octopus, shrimp, and fresh fish, was worth 4 times its bargain price of $8.  (As an added bonus, the shaved bonito on top of the pancake appears to be alive -- you have to see it.) I would, I mean will, go back based on this dish alone. Nobuo accompanies the great food with a good wine selection, a one-of-a-kind Japanese beer selection, running the range from lager to oyster stout, including a great IPA, and a good sake selection. There is simply no reason to wait for Bianco -- the star of Heritage Square is across the street.  Scottsdale's loss has become Cen Pho's win.
5	There are some restaurants that are destinations themselves, and Nobuo at the Teeter House is definitely one of them.  It sits in PHX's historic Heritage Square, and it is a classy and delicious addition to its restaurant neighbors.I went in for lunch & sat right at the bar built for 4, and it wasn't very crowded so I got a great look at how Nobuo fixed up the space.  The interior of the house still has that classic vintage old PHX house look, but the interior is modern & warm.  You cannot help but relax inside.I am beer fanatic, and I was pleased to see that Nobuo had some unbelievable beers available, including an Oyster Stout.  I have to say I am looking forward to going back to have beers with my food.  In fact, when I was there, there were two wine salesmen (very "wine snobby" in their pitch and wine vernacular) eating nearby, and even they were in awe of the beers & how they tasted.The menu is built in smaller portions, and I would suggest going with 2-3 other people.  Order like 5-7 things and enjoy every single one.  Since I was rolling solo, I ordered two things and left happy but very stuffed.  I can say that the dishes I had were well balanced in either sweet & spice, or savory & light.  The lamb I had was the best I've ever eaten.Stop reading this and just go.  You won't be disappointed.  It is the perfect trifecta of atmosphere, delicious food and tasty drinks.
5	Every bite of every tapas here are just pure bliss! Yellowtail and grapefruit, pork belly buns, oyster uni, Japanese pancakes . . . how can you not be salivating right now? I am looking forward to trying the other tapas dishes. I may just have to push back visits to Sens.
5	oh man... the wife and i have been dying to try this place since it opened on the recommendation of a good foodie friend of ours, and it did not disappoint one tiny bit.first off is the setting, in a historic house in heritage square. you get a welcome feeling because of the layout even though it's definitely not styled like an old home inside. the hostess/food runner was pleasant, and nobuo himself brought a couple of dishes to our table and came by to make sure we had everything we needed.the reason we came here was the okonomiyaki, and it deserves it's reputation. i've had this dish before at other restaurants but it was never this good! we also tried the ebi salad and the short rib steamed buns, and the barley tea. everything went well together, was delicious, and probably ranks as one of the best lunches we've ever had.we will definitely be back, and with friends in tow... we can't wait to try out the dinner menu!
5	OK, wow.  I have to admit, I am an "aspring gourmet" in the sense that occasionally I find a menu difficult because I'm not familiar with the unusual dishes and don't know if I will like them, while at the same time sensing that they are amazingly delicious and I should just "get over it" and take the plunge. That proved to be the case at Nubuo.  My other half and I made the right choice in sitting at the 4 seater bar. Not only did we get to hang out and chat with the personable Nobu himself while watching him at his artful craft, but we also enjoyed the expertise of a friendly regular who steered us to all the "must have" menu items....which at the end of the day, is pretty much everything,  Our culinary inhibitions were quickly put to rest by a tasty house martini of vodka, watermelon, basil and mint. The grapefruit and hamachi dish was the stand out, served as a "shot" in ceramic spoons. Nobu also knows his way around wine, and we were impressed with a Turley red that went down very well with his Kumamoto Oysters with Uni. Watching Nobu prepare his dishes also helped us decide on what we'll be having on our next visit: the hirame carpaccio looked especially good.  The staff are a delight and the experience was altogether sublime.  The dishes are served tapas style in small portions (by US standards) because his focus is clearly on quality over quantity, so if you lean towards "more is more" you may find reason to grumble. However, if you appreciate top notch food, complete with "oohs", "ahs" and "OMGs", put this place at the top of your to try list, we will definitely be back!  Dom Arrigato!
4	Surprised it has taken me this long to make it to Nobuo at Teeter. On the day I finally decided to come I arrive just before 5 and they don't open until 5:30 for the start of their Happy Hour. So no big deal, I went to Rose and Crown for a beer and to watch the looooong line form at Bianco... After one leisurely beer, it was 5:30 and I made my way into the Teeter house. They had 4-5 happy hour food specials and 2 specialty happy hour drinks that night. Along with their extensive sake and wine menu they offered some specialty cocktails and Japanese beers. Deciding to sit at the counter, I was able to watch Nobuo work his magic preparing the sashimi dishes on the menu. They had a cocktail offering at happy hour they called the smokey bomb...with grapefruit, shishito peppers and some smokey component...honestly I don't remember all the details but this was more of a savory cocktail than a sweet one. I found it to be quite piquant but not overwhelming. [It complemented everything I ordered quite well.] I started with the Nasu Bacon Miso, japanese eggplant with a dollup of bacon miso and bonito shavings....not stellar but a good start.... Next I ordered the short rib steam buns...this was quite tasty. Sliced grilled marinated short rib served on a steamed bun. I look forward to trying the pork belly buns next time. To finish my outting here I decided on the Tempura Squash blossoms stuffed with bacon and goat cheese served with a side of curry sea salt. Let me just say that 3 days later I am still thinking about just this dish, craving the flavors and wondering how to make or where I can get the curry sea salt. Nobuo prides himself in staying as local as possible for many of his menu items and keeping it all seasonal. The menu changes regularly as a result. All I can say is who would wait for HOURS to get the food across the way when you can have a wonderful savory treats here.
5	I liked the sound of this place from what I read online, but then was forced virtually at knifepoint to actually visit. Turns out, by sharing descriptions of the food with my Korean co-worker, he could not accept any substitute for lunch that day. We simply HAD to try the steamed buns with pork belly and braised short ribs!So we braved the blast furnace of the downtown Phoenix midday summer heat and traipsed through Heritage Square to the tranquility of Nobuo at Teeter House. We were not disappointed. The steamed buns here were actually flatter than one might expect and used to envelope the perfectly seasoned meats as a kind of Japanese taco. Pickled celery salad made a perfect palate cleanser, and helped me to appreciate the differences between the flavors of the pork belly versus the braised short ribs. I also had a refreshing iced oolong tea with hibiscus to go with my meal. My only wish is that we would've ordered another pair of steamed buns and split them between the two of us, because we wolfed down these delicious goodies awfully quick. However, 20 minutes later, my stomach got the message that I was actually full, even though I originally thought the portions weren't quite enough. Must be the magic of the steamed bun.I'm eager to try out the rest of the menu here because the experience was memorable and the food, mouth-wateringly good. Never underestimate the power of umami! A welcome oasis of serenity and deliciousness awaits you at Nobuo.
5	I should be disqualified from reviewing anywhere that Nobu cooks. My love runs that deep. So I'll just drop off this 5-star and continue to post photos of every delicious meal.
5	The food is so goodddddddddd.The minute we stepped inside, we were greeted by Nobuo. We could not believe that he was there.Steam bun, tonkusu sandwich and curry lamb - they are all delicious.
5	This place is too cool for school.Nobuo is a nice guy, and an absolute master of his trade. Nobuo comes from Sea Saw in Old Town Scottdale, which was part of Peter Kasperski's empire that seems to be falling apart more and more. When Sea Saw unfortunately closed, we all knew that Nobuo would either run off to California and open up there, or come downtown. Glad he came back to the city, and turned an awfully ran old tea house into a fantastic, spotless, neighborhood hang out. The building, built in the early 1900's, is a beautiful Japanese tavern style, from the furniture, to the art, and onto the gorgeous solid one piece bar top. He hangs out behind this bar and creates his culinary masterpieces here right in plain view. The waiters and waitresses, meanwhile create your unique cocktails made with fresh fruits and veggies as well as fresh garnishes. I tried the cucumber martini which was fantastic. Look for the specials each night and try whatever they are. Nobuo also does Omakase (chef's choice) where you and three of your closest friends sit at the aforementioned wood counter and try whatever he puts in front of you. At some point in the night, you'll wonder how much you're spending. Nobuo at Teeter House is not cheap, but good things aren't cheap. When you purchase fresh produce from McClendon, fish from Japan, and rent in Heratige Square, you have to charge a premium for your product. If you don't understand this, then you shouldn't shy away from Taco Bell anymore. They do offer a great happy hour M-F if you want to save money, but I recommend Nobuo for a night when you don't have to worry about how much your spending. It's a very special restaurant, and deserves to be enjoyed in a very special way.
5	Worth the wait.It feels like FOR-FRICKIN-EVER since Sea Saw closed and I've been clinging on to the hope that Nobuo-san would open something (anything).  And the wait was rewarded for me on my recent jaunt to PHX.Gone is the intimacy of watching the food smiths prepare all the dishes.  Instead, it's a lot of table seating with room for only four at the "bar," which is really more like a chef's table considering Chef Nobuo creates his omakase menu back there.  However, it's less about the layout than the food here, and Sea Saw devotees won't be disappointed.  A lot of the faves are on the menu, with some new items thrown in.  Everything is good, but our must-haves on every visit are:Pork belly bunsHamachi with grapefruit (the texture combo is INsane)Soft shell shrimpSoft shell crabCurry LambWe did notice they weren't serving a lot of sake.  In fact, I think we were the only table that did.  Which is too bad because Chef Nobuo has some bottles that you wouldn't be able to find in town.  I trust that he will stick to his guns by continuing to carry those labels, but I hope that more customers will support and encourage him to broaden the sake list.
5	I heard about Nobuo's restaurant but didn't know much about it. After a friend's recommendation 4 of us made our way over to Nobuo at Teeter House last Saturday night. The Teeter House is a great little place that provides the perfect atmosphere for an intimate date or a dinner with a few friends. The  izakaya style of food is a great way to sample a bunch of Nobuo's creations.  We ordered Nasu Bacon Miso, Grapefruit & Hamachi, Kumamoto Oysters with Uni, Hirame Carpaccio, Coconut Curry Grilled Lamb, and Okonomiyaki. While all the food was amazing, the Grapefruit & Hamachi was my favorite. Each bite was served in a spoon and unbelievably crafted with an explosion of flavor. I could eat a dozen of these. One of these days I want to try the Omakase. I'm definitely going back!
5	I have never tasted better octopus, lamb, eggplant, pork buns, himachi, snap peas, clams, & sea bass. (We went a little crazy, was so hard to choose!)  They are small bites but the dishes are to die for.  I would be happy eating nothing but their eggplant for the rest of my life.  Great saki selection, tasty cocktails, good atmosphere.  One of the best meals I've ever had.  I would highly recommend it!
5	WOW...this place was amazing. I came here for my birthday because I've never been to an Izakaya before...it has been described as Japanese tapas.I will say, this place is expensive...but the food was worth it. ($100 for 2 ppl, with tip and without alcoholic beverages) I did not have a complaint about anything. The menu is small and changes depending on the season, so the food was fresh. The drink menu is much larger. Chef Nobuo Fukada is an artist and the way he combines textures and flavors is amazing. He makes each dish individually so expect to be there a while and the food is brought out in the order of simple/light to bold flavors, so its customized taste adventure. The restaurant it self does not take reservations, but the Omakase (a private chef tasting at the chef's table where the chef creates non-menu items for you) is reservations-only and they are currently booked up 5-6 weeks in advance. This is only available Thursday - Saturday, during dinner, and the price ranges $100-150 per person. I am cheap when it comes to food, but I am seriously considering making a reservation because the dishes he creates are worth it.
4	I really want to give Nobuo 5 stars. The meal was fantastic, however, it is just hard to swallow the high prices. Don't get me wrong I think it is worth it, but it is expensive.Anyways, my husband and I and another couple decided to try Teeter House last night. I have been wanting to try it for months, so I was totally excited. We got there early on a Friday night and were seated right away.We basically ordered everything on the menu and all the food was awesome! We had to order double of some items because the portion size is a little small considering there were four of us!My favorites were the snap peas, sea bass, grapefruit and hamachi, and the tofu mousse!! Also, they have a great drink menu.Already planning a trip back :)
3	* 5 stars for uniqueness - This place has very interesting food and flavors that aren't common around here.* 5 stars for the staff - Everybody was very fast and friendly.* 5 stars for coolness of the location and the establishment - I mean it is pretty cool that this place is in a nicely redone 100-year-old house in a cool part of downtown Phoenix.  Parking is a pain though.However.....Besides feeling hip, cool, urban and trendy; I also felt hungry and ripped off after leaving.  Sure, I could sit there for hours sipping saki and trying every one of their tapas and probably be ok hunger-wise but  I would NOT be ok with the $100+ tab per person that it would surely be.  For me this is more of a fun/interesting place to go before you go out to dinner.
5	Amazing! Every bite was heavenly. Will remember this experience for a very long time.
5	I went to Nobuo for my birthday this year, and it was definitely the highlight on my celebration. The food was amazing. I had never experienced Japanese food like this, and I am dying to go back. Not only is the food delicious, the food is beautiful, and (most of it) was light while still satisfying. My favorite dish was the Carpacio - a dish I now dream about. The service was fine, but not spectacular. The staff was not rude, but not terribly friendly either, and seemed a bit "too cool for school". The meal was perfectly paced (for me), but I could see some thinking it was a bit slow. If you go with friends or loved ones you probably won't mind the 5 - 15 minutes between dishes, but it could make for an uncomfortable first date. Other than that, the ambiance is great, and I didn't find it to be terribly expensive. My boyfriend and I shared 5 dishes and each had a beer, and came in at about $75 (including tip). We left feeling the perfect amount of full - content but not heavy. I've seen many comments about the price and to that I say: This is a place you go to have a food experience - not stuff yourself. Plus the guy won a James Beard award!!! You pay for what you get, and in this instance, what you get is amazing, and a reasonable price!
5	OMG, I can't believe we were so lucky to be seated at the chef's tasting bar, even though we were eating from the regular menu.  The good stars were out,  the couple that was supposed to have those two seats, cancelled last minute.  Chef Fukada was very charming.  The couple he was preparing the food for, were very gracious.  The chef explained what he was making for this couple.  The dishes were like a work of art.  It was an experience.  We ordered the grapefruit hamachi, my husband would say I inhaled it.  It was so delicious, the texture and flavor combination was amazing.  The curry lamb was very good too, even though I usually don't eat lamb, I ended up eating half of this dish, so we had to order another item.  Last we had the soft shell panini, I loved this ones.  Anything with bread makes my day! Yes this place is a little pricey, but you should consider it for a special occasion.  I think it is worth it.
5	Second time at an Izakaya but with very different tapa dishes. Located in the heritage area it has its own own the Teeter house. Fancy! The decor is very modern with hints of Asian, hence Asian fusion. hehe. We were seated by the window. Thank god because my mom needs fresh air. Anyway we ordered theEbi Salad (Shrimp, rice noodle, purple basil, mint , cucumber, nuoc cham $9) - The shrimp is on skewers you get two skewers with three shrimps on each. The shrimp are spicy! But its mild for those of you who love spicy. The dressing reminds me of vietnamese fish sauce. Goes well with the rice noodles and cucumbers. Tofu Salad- Tofu with egg noodles and romaine lettuce with peanut sauce. The tofu are grilled with soy sauce so the outside is covered with flavor. The noodles are cold and I think I prefer this type of noodle hot. Pork Belly Buns Braised (pork belly, pickled mustard greens $8) - A plate comes with two. I think this is the thing to get here. If you are Chinese it is kind of like the duck skin buns but this is much better! You get more meat and the flavor is to die for. As garnish or for looks there are pickled celery in the middle. I am not a huge fan of celery but that was really good. Overall our favorite dish!The bathroom is not labeled but it very spacious and matches the decor of the rest of the restaurant. There seems to be a little living room right by the bathroom with couches and stuff. Seems cozy! If I ever come back to Phoenix I would like to come and try their dinner menu.
5	I always wanted to try Nobuo's, and I finallly had the chance to check it out. The place is sooo cute, the teeter house really gives you comfortable feeling as soon as you walk inside, you can really relax... great place to grub drinks all night and hang out with your date =DI had their Tako Age, which reminded me of TAKOYAKI, japanese octupus ball treat deep fried, which was quit interesting, the yuzu mayo sauce went really well with it. Their Oyster/Uni dish is amaaazing. I never thought tomatoe would match so well with uni!! it was also one of the  freshest I had in town =D Their okonomiyaki really made me home sick , it really dose taste like a real thing in osaka =Dwaitress was friendly, and she knew her menu, olong tea i had was yummy too, and they have great selection of wine and sake. Food is small portion,and it dose take a lil time to come out, but i can taste the delicate art in each dish, which to me is totally worth it. If you love food and respect art of food, you have to try this place =DI am going back next time for his Omakase... mMmmmm Over all, I'm glad phx has at least one place thats not like other resutrants, I love this place
4	I found this place accidentally as I cruised around Phoenix Downtown, but I'm having trouble to park as this place is located right inside the Historic Heritage Square. If you go to Nobuo, make sure you order 6 kinds of food cause they only provide a mini portion of the food. I tried to order okonomiyaki which I found surprisingly great and probably the best okonomiyaki in town, Kumamoto oyster with Uni which is absolutely splendid, but it was only a small portion, and a fantastic coconut curry grilled lamb with mango salad which is the most addictive food cause I'm craving for more. Overall I'm highly satisfied. Wonderful dining experience indeed ;))
4	I am a sucker for James Beard Award places so this made my short-list this year for my trip.It's in a cute heritage area just outside the mammoth convention centers and sport stadium, so parking is a bit of a pain.  Once you get inside, it's incredibly quaint.  There is a server/menu mismatch since I'm guessing there are not a lot of Asian people in the area.  So to hear the server (who looks like a student backpacker) describe an isakaya and items where there is some Chinese influence, it gave me a good laugh.That being said, the food is excellent.  The portions are small so I'd recommend 3-4 dishes for 2 people.  We shared the curried lamb with mango (mmmm, so good!)  If there are any Vancouverites reading this, think Vij's lamb popsicles but marinaded in a different sauce.The warm duck salad is excellent!  It's a neat twist to serve the salad warm and slightly seared and it paid off well.The pork belly buns were delicious - I've never had these before!  They use the Chinese style steamed bun material but shape it into ovals that they fold in half and insert the pork belly filling.  Excellent!The menu is small but very solid.  Service was OK and if this was more polished/authentic/better fitting to a higher-end Asian restaurant, I would bump this up to a 5.
5	Loved this place. It has a limited menu, but what they have is great! I ate the Okonomiyaki and was in heaven, I felt like I was back in Japan.
5	I went to this place for lunch, and it was great.I had the pork belly buns. If you have ever had Asian style pork buns before, they use that same bun dough and make a little pancake out of it and put a piece of luscious pork belly in it with just a touch of a tangy Asian style sauce and a thinly sliced, homemade pickle. Soo good. I want these again. For every meal. =PI also had the panko crusted soft shell crab sandwich. It was good. They obviously bake their own bread, which is nice. Maybe ask for a little extra sauce next time I order it, but yes, yummy.I am looking forward to going for dinner. The dinner menu looks awesome as well.
3	It was good, but not great... and I actually held off writing the review b/c I was thinking of waiting to go again and make sure I'm just not THE completely messed up no account Yelper... but I probably wouldn't make a point unless I'm in Heritage Square again.  And tonight, I did eat at a Japanese joint that blew my socks off and gave me a baseline for this 3 stars.
4	We decided to try this place rather than wait 2 hours for Bianco.  (Though we made BIanco a couple nights later.) I'm glad we did. The atmosphere is amazing.  A small, early 1900's house turned into a restaurant.  Our section had only 3 tables.  We started with appetizers and we were NOT impressed.  We got Fried Octopus (okay, but nothing great), Bonito potato chips (interesting flavor combo, but not amazing), and Miso Bacon Eggplant (couldn't taste any bacon.)  The one appetizer we all liked was the panko breaded tofu, which was excellent. We were a little worred when our next dish wasn't amazing either.  We tried a shrimp over cucumber salad dish.  The shrimp was okay, but the whole dish was missing something. However, the meal took a great 180 after that point.  Next was a whitefish dish which had 6 thin cuts of fish served on a plate garlic, peppers, and some other seasoning.  Hot oil is poured over the fish at your table to slightly cook the fish.  AMAZING.  It's served with bread for dipping into the oil afterwards.  THIS IS A PERFECT DISH.  Pork Bun:  MUST HAVE!  I love pork belly buns and this one rivals David Changs.  The pork is amazing, the bun was perfect. Curry Lamb Chops:  AMAZING.  Absolutely the best lamb I have ever had.  I've never had lamb I really loved before, but this dish was perfect...simply perfect. Overall, a great meal.  I do think they need to work on their appetizers, which is what kept it from five stars.  I would definitely come back.
5	All the food here is wonderful. Tastes amazing! I went with my best friend and we split everything. I went there December 5, 2010 and we had:Japanese Chips - A very yummy snack made with fingerling potatoes.Ebi Salad - Very refreshing! I could eat this for lunch everyday.Duck Breast Salad - I have never been a huge duck fan, but oh my god, this duck tasted like steak. Its amazing!!Okonomiyaki - Very good and filling. The japanese mayo is great too!Shiromi Carpaccio - This dish was excellent! Make sure to get extra bread, because the oil and seasonings are so amazing. You will want to savor every bite!and for my drink, you must try the Devils Haircut! I could have drank quite a few of these! I cant wait to go back on my next Arizona trip!
4	I have not had the omakase dinner but I am saving my pennies (and it'll take quite a few) for the experience.  The dinner is amazing.  I've been twice for dinner and once for lunch and each time I have left full and happy.At lunch:  the okonomiyaki can not be missed.  So few places make this and it is pure comfort food.  The pork belly buns are also great.For dinner:  The sugar snap pea while good is nothing you can't make at home.  But I literally have dreams about the hamachi with grapefruit and the Shiromi Ceviche.  For those of you who like Uni the Kumamoto Oysters with Uni can not be missed.  For drinks, I'm partial to the Oze IPA and this new concoction which mixes bourbon with coffee from Cartel.  Will be coming back again and again!
5	The Omakase dinner I had here in early December for my birthday is a meal I will remember for years. I've eaten at two restaurants with three Michelin stars (Paul Bocuse and Le Petit Nice), and at Minibar in Washington, DC. The Omakase by Chef Nobuo was every bit as enjoyable and life changing as those places. It's been about a month, and I can still imagine and remember the taste of each dish in detail. Our Omakase had 9 courses, many consisting of several items:1. Cold appetizer of radish salad and edamame in sesame sauce2. Hot appetizer of fried fingerling potatoes with bonito flakes, and fried octopus ball3. Two chawanmushi, one cold flavored with fish and house made ikura, one hot flavored with foie gras.4. Sashimi plate with 9 completely different items (took over 30 minutes for Chef Nobuo to assemble this one course)5. Wagyu beef grilled over charcoal with miso sauce6. Shabu Shabu of red snapper and mushrooms7. Red snapper soup (made with Shabu Shabu broth)8. Taiwanese Oolong tea service9. Dessert of orange mousse, grapefruit sorbet with shiso, and a chocolate custard.Everything was made by Chef Nobuo (by himself) right in front of your eyes. We ordered a very good sake from their extensive sake menu to accompany the meal. I would have liked it if they had offered a sake flight as an option to the meal, but the bottle we had was great. The only downside to the meal was cost: $400 for two people including the drinks, tax and tip. Not that I think it wasn't worth it or was a bad value, though. It was worth every dime, and given the amount of time and effort it took to serve just 4 customers, a perfectly reasonable value. It's also in line with the cost of the places I mentioned in the beginning of the review. I just wish I could go more often. As it stands, I'll be lucky if I can afford once a year.
3	We never felt welcome from the time we entered the door to when we left.  Maybe the waitress was having a bad day?  we were there on a very cold day and at lunch time.  We asked if they had Miso soup - her response was as thought we were Martians "this is a Japanese restaurant we don't have soup"  Duh!!!Food was ok but overpriced.  the steamed bun was good but could have used a  small salad portion on the plate.The music didn't go with the restaurant at all.Overall not a great experience I doubt we will be back.
5	Amazing. I loved every bite. The food is amazing, delicious, beautiful. The building is prefectly restored and a real treasure. I will go back again. Tip- Sundays are great because Bianco's is closed, so parking is much easier.
5	Really good food in a cute setting!  I like how the restaurant is set up in little rooms.  (It is a house after all...)  That makes for a more intimate, quieter meal.  The omakase dinner was not available the night I went, so we ordered off the menu.  The hamachi with grapefruit was awesome as were the soft shell shrimp & green papaya slaw (great for snacking with a glass of cold beer).  But the star of the night was definitely the pork belly buns.  Finally, a creative way to eat pork belly!  The soft, white buns complemented the fat from the pork belly very well.  Parking was actually note that bad since the restaurant offers validation for the parking structure next door.  Pricing is also reasonable for the quality of food.  This is an all-around winner.  I can't wait to go back.
4	Love LOVE this place! My husband and I enjoyed a light dinner a few weeks ago before going to Char's for some music. The service is great and the food is amazing! This is quite a find that will certainly become a regular!
4	Bourbon, Coffee, Orange and Artichoke cocktail.  Surprisingly delicious.
4	Went for lunch yesterday. I had heard mixed reviews about the dinner menu, so I came skeptical about the food, but still had to see for myself. The lunch menu is limited, but has a good mix of salads, entrees, and sandwiches. Omg PORK BELLY BUNS!  You get two open faced buns with fall apart-tender big chunk of pork belly drizzled with this savory asian 'jus' with a hint of five spice, perfectly complemented with some cucumber for a refreshing crunch. The bun itself is made to perfection-spongy, yet lightly fluffy, with a nice smooth skin and great flavor.  It is almost a meal in itself.  The lamb dish comes with 4 decent sized lamb chops cooked to perfection.  I was afraid they would have an overpowering curry taste, but to my delight, they did not. They were slightly charred and had a nice light flavor.  The mango and endive salad was the ideal accompaniment to the curried lamb.We also tried the katsu sandwich.  By then, we were getting full, but found someway to pack it in when we tasted the shoku pan bread that it comes on.  Can I take a whole loaf of this home please? It is beyond delicious!  It reminds me of breakfasts at my grandfather's house in Tokyo.  The katsu itself is good, drizzled with a little *authentic* tonkatsu sauce, but didn't compare to the other two dishes.  I make chicken katsu at home, so I guess it's lost some excitement for me. All in all, I will be back soon to try more! Very good value for the quality of food that you receive!If you park in the heritage square garage, there is no charge when you validate your ticket.  On your walk there just watch out for all the cats!  haha
2	MehMEHHHHHHHHHHHMaybe I ordered the wrong thing.I ended up with the giant seafood pancake thing off of the lunch menu, the Okonomiyaki.I thought the flavors were ok, but the seafood was pretty chewy and rubbery.From all the glowing reviews here on yelp, I expected different I guess.Mehhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, I probably won't be back.
1	This place is terrible.  If you want to eat mediocre food, pay a lot of money, and leave hungry then this place is for you...I arranged a dinner with some out of towners and wanted to take them somewhere I haven't been before.  Yelp has always been a reliable resource so I looked up highly rated restaurants and found the "Nobuo at Teeter House".  First off the wait staff was FAIL...the guy we had couldn't pronounce most of the items on the menu.  We ordered the pork belly buns (overly fatty), curry lamb chops (burnt), Okonomiyaki (bland), parchment wrapped fish (unoriginal).  The only dishes I did enjoy was the duck breast salad and the New Year's special Foie Grau.   Needless to say $150 dollars for a mediocre dinner left a bad taste in my mouth and my guests unimpressed.  I will never go back to this place.
5	so I FINALLY made it back after the awesome soft opening event I attended and boy I'm a moron. Why the H E double hockey sticks haven't I went back since??? Brought the wife and a friend and we were all just blown away at how good the food was. We checked in and found out there was a 60-90 minute wait, so we left our phone number and headed to Rose and Crown for a drink and a small appetizer to tide us over. After about 15 minutes, they called and told us our table ready. We just took our Rose and Crown snacks to go. I ordered us around of the Orion beer, which was great dinner beer. We started with the Teeter Tots, lightly fried tofu in this sweet somewhat spicy sauce with bacon. HOLY COW!! I've NEVER EVER had tofu that good.  We ended up getting a second order. We also got the Japanese eggplant with red miso and bacon, totally great. The largest plate we ordered were the coconut curry grilled lamb chops. They were seriously the best lamb chop I've ever had. They had this coconut curry crust on them, cooked rare served with this mango/meyer lemon salad. Just killer. We also had the steam buns with pork belly, another homerun. All total between the 4 beers, one cocktail and 5 dishes we had, the total damage was around $90. Every penny well worth it, sooo excited to go back!!
5	This place is amazing.  The ambiance is great and it has such a romantic feel in case you guys need to take your ladies out somewhere nice.  The hubby and I got one dish from each category and everything was delicious and so nicely presented.  The service was great with the server giving wonderful recommendations.  We had the Tako age, shiromi carpaccio which was by far my fave, and the soft shell crab sandwiches.  It's on the pricey side but its great quality tapas.
4	This restaurant is just beginning to break the ice. I give it four stars because I know the chef has not launched his full potential. I can't wait to eat her again and I look forward to giving out my 14th 5 Star for Phoenix.   I was told that there will be a three or four course serving this will be the only reservation only.  parking is validated at the garage.Important note about the Chief,  Nobuo Fukuda, received the prestigious, James Beard Award 07, for his former Restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale, See Saw.
4	Cute little gem in Downtown Phoenix. The setting is warm, the service was great, and the food was delicious.We had the Teeter Tots (the best tofu I've ever had), the Grapefruit & Hamachi, the Shiromi Carpaccio, the Okonomiyaki. The fish was amazingly fresh, and the flavors were super yummy. The only one I didn't love was the Okonomiyaki (kind of like a seafood pancake). It was heavy and had a little too much going on.Price is moderate, not cheap but not super expensive, but definitely worth it.Overall, a great experience!
5	First of all, it cracks me up that people are complaining that the only way they could be satisfied with this place is if they were full after spending under $20...if that's your idea of good food then stick with the buffet down the street.  Now to talk about the food.My first experience here was within the first week of opening.  We each started off with one item and then decided to order more.  We ended up eating way too much food, but I couldn't complain about the price, because if you want quality food, then sometimes you have to pay the price.Since then I've been back multiple times and I've never been let down.  The soft-shell crab sandwich is a must, and you can't go wrong with the warm duck salad.  The pork sandwich at lunch is a delicate balance with the crispy pork and the light bread that is made just for them at a local bakery.  If you like pork belly, which everyone should, then get the pork belly buns.  I read a 2-star review that complained that this dish was too fatty...IT'S PORK BELLY, not lettuce!  These are just the tip of the iceberg with this place.  After your first visit you will be day dreaming about your food, and anticipating your return.
5	I thought it was worth every penny.  We had the omakase to celebrate our tenth anniversary.  Everything was delightful and what a treat to watch the chef create each dish!  definitely a splurge but we will remember it for a long time.
5	This place is not overpriced.  I thought it was priced very appropriately.  AMAZING food!  I was so excited to see what Chef Nobuo was all about since I hadn't been to Sea Saw.  We had the Teeter Tots, Grapefruit and Hamachi (almost ordered a 2nd serving of it), Ebi Salad, Pork Belly buns, and the grilled lamb.  All were wonderful!   That with a bottle of wine and a dessert----was around $125.  Not bad for a special night out! Can't wait to eat here again.
5	Another place I am lucky to live across the street from.  It's been 2 years since I have lived in Japan.  I just moved here a few months ago from Sacramento/San Fran area and this is the first Japanese restaurant that brings me back to Japan.  That's a bold statement.  The okonomiyaki is a dish you get in Osaka, Japan, and this is delicious!  Do not accept other substitutes and take it from me, this is how the dish should be done.Another favorite that everyone seems to rave about is the pork belly sticky buns.  Had to try them and now you should to.  Deee-light-ful!  Pork fat rules for you fat free sissies!My favorite by far though is the oyster and uni shot.  I also have not had uni this fresh since Japan!  Uni(sea urchin) should not be served more than three days old, there is a huge difference, and this why a lot of people do not like uni.  This uni was buttery and melted in my mouth like it should.  What a perfect combination for fresh oyster lovers.Next time we will sit at the bar and get to know Nobuo-san, maybe bring him some habu sake!As far as the price, well don't expect a typical Americanized Asian food buffet deal.  This is a place you come for a dining experience, to really get a small taste of savory Japanese cuisine.To the next drink here, Kampai(com-pie)!  To the next great meal, Itadakimasu(ee-tah-dah-kee-mahs)!
5	Lets start off by saying that Nobuo is an artist. I booked a reservation for the omakase (sp?) a few months in advance, and was served 7 courses by the chef at the chef's table. It usually ranges from $100-150 per person, depending on the day or season, right now its about $135.  The food was delicious and I never knew I would ever eat caviar or foie gras, and actually enjoy it.
5	Nobuo is by far my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix metro area. His dishes all have interesting texture, flavor, and presentation. I have never been disappointed.I loved Sea Saw and I love the new digs!
4	I have been wanting to go to Nobuo since it opened. I was a huge fan of Sea Saw and was sad it closed. We went on a rainy Saturday night and was expecting a wait. Since we were ok with not having a table in the main dining room but along a bar on the wall we waited less than 5 minutes. We choose from each of the selections and all were exquisite, the pork belly buns were melt in your mouth delicious. The sea bass in parchment was, buttery, flaky and the enoki mushrooms added just the right earthy undertone. The table favorite was a light white fish that has hot oil poured over it with homemade foccacia. We ordered 2 we liked it so much! We also had the house cured salmon with basil oil, I had to stop myself from licking the plate. We had 3 more dishes, but you get the idea...  The only thing I would change is the pace of the service, it was way to fast to please me on a Saturday night date. The portion sizes are small and I would have like to savor them more. Unfortunately our servings were brought out so quickly we sometimes had 2 or 3 in front of us. Next time I will just ask them to slow their roll.  With 3 drinks, dessert and tip we spent roughly $130, well worth every penny.I will definitely be back~
5	As a picky-pesca-tarian, I was initially nervous about eating at Nobuo for fear of ordering like an asshole. Surprisingly, I was interested in numerous dishes and completely satisfied with each one and continue to up the ante on my coming of age eating habits..  The teeter tots, i could eat by the truck load, as well as the pickled watermelon radish. - Still craving these two bites. The seabass and mushrooms were my favorite. I had a bite or two of: the pork belly buns- soft shell crab sandwich- the okonomiyaki..all wonderful flavors, but by this point I was filling up.  To finish we split the orange fritters and throughout I had a couple Devil's Haircut cocktails...hands down, my new favorite valley cocktail. It's always a pleasure to go to Nobuo, Sit at the bar if it's available so you can watch/chat with the magic man at work.
5	When my wife picked this place I asked her if she wanted to eat, or dine.The food was exquisite and the service was impeccable. Each dish was a work of art, a pleasure to both the eyes and the lips. We had a white fish carpaccio that exploded with unique and complementary flavors. It deserves to be singled out for special recognition, but everything was special. Really.
5	My first time here a teeter house. I am impressed! The food is flavorful and presented well. We had drinks, 7 different  dishes plus desert... The orange fritters are crazy good! I am def coming back...
4	Excellent Japanese restaurant serving entrees that are comparable, if not sometimes better, than food you can find in San Francisco's Japantown.  I was very excited to find they had okonomiyaki, and while there is only one kind of okonomiyaki that they will make, it was delicious, and actually better than okonomiyaki that I've had in San Francisco.  It was perfectly grilled, with a lot of vegetable and meat, with lots of flavor.  I also tried the steamed buns, which were more deconstructionist that I was expecting (they look more like Asian tacos rather than meat enclosed in white puffy bun), but tasted very good nonetheless.  If I am in this area, I will definitely be going here to try more items.
2	The food was good, but incredibly overpriced. I only went due to the worth the wait at Bianco's. I was regretting that choice early into my meal.
5	We'd driven from Scottsdale to try Pizza Bianco, which had a two hour wait; we looked around the immediate vicinity and saw Nobuo right across the way. I Yelped it, skimmed the reviews, and we decided to give it a go.  Named after the chef and owner, Nobuo, the menu frequently changes to compliment the fresh fish imported from Japan. The restaurant is located in a restored historical building called the Teeter House. The decor is of nouveau elegance; the wood floors, warm-colored walls and refined decorative touches make for a very unique setting. Nobuo collects art and ceramics from around the world; I enjoyed the meal even more by simply taking in the beautiful artwork.Each dish is smaller (tapa-sized) but packs a lot of flavor!  I like this because it allowed us to try several items from the impressive menu.We started with Kimchi (napa cabbage, dried shrimp, sesame oil, red chili) and Sugar Snap Pea, coated with sesame dressing and bonito. Kimchi had just the right balance of sweet and savory, and the red chili added an enjoyable amount of heat. Next came tuna flown in fresh from Japan, served sashimi style. The portion was generous and the quality exquisite. I wish it came with ginger!!  (No shaved ginger in-house, which was disappointing) Third round was the Shiromi Carpaccio. A server brought out a plate of chilled white fish called yuzu, sprinkled with garlic, and chili flakes.  Hot sesame oil was poured on top, sizzling to slightly sear the fish.  This dish could have been spicier.  After we finished the fish the server brought out thinly sliced rounds of soft, house-made foccacia to dip in the sesame oil mixture.  Next came Ebi Salad--grilled shrimp skewers atop a bed of rice noodles, purple basil, mint, cucumber, soy glazed peanuts and nuoc cham. The salad was cool and refreshing, and the tender shrimp had just the right amount of heat. The grand finale were the Pork Belly Buns--braised pork belly, hoisin sauce and pickled mustard greens tucked inside a delightfully chewy steamed bun made with rice flour. Perfection!We finished the meal with one of the six green teas available. The toasted rice that steeped with the herbs created robust and balanced flavor. All around a refreshing and satisfying adventure of Japanese flavors. Incredible.  I will forever remember this meal.
3	I read a great review of this place on azcentral and decided to give it a shot.  WIthout a doubt, the food here is amazing.  Each item we ordered was delicious and an adventure for the palate.  Very fresh, interesting, and fun to talk about.However, delicious food is not everything.  When we left this place something was not right....oh yeah, we were still hungry.  Wait a sec, I just paid over 100 for food and I'm still hungry!?  That's no good!  The waiter suggested 3-6 plates to share for 2 people depending on how hungry we were.  We ordered 6....can't image if we had gone with 3.  So keep in mind that the portions here are small-medium, and very few dishes have a starch.  OK, so with that I might say I'd still come back...but there was something else off with this place.  We didn't find the staff very friendly.  It seemed to me that they were very professional and attentive...but just not friendly.  I know some restaurants are just more that way...but I personally enjoy those where the staff greets you with a smile and takes a minute to chat.  Here, everyone just seemed to be stressed out...running around...down to business.  I don't know...Bianco next door is way busier, yet they are friendly and attentive.Despite the outstanding food...we will probably not go back.  Just not our kinda place...
5	Last Friday, was a big night. A night worthy of a celebration if you will.My dinner companion and I had planned to drive out from Scottsdale to Pizza Bianco, but we weren't ready for a two hour wait, so we walked across the street to Nobuo...it looked interesting. After browsing through some Yelp reviews, we decided to give it a try.This place is inside a historic house of some sort, so you get a nice "homey" feel to it. The moment you step in, you feel as if you've entered into the loving arms of a dear friend, or a lover. Yes, it feels that good.It's decorated nicely with some nice artwork. If you get a chance, take a minute or two to get a feel for the space you are in.We had a 10 minute wait, but were seated on a table in the waiting area, as opposed to a bench or outside. The greeter even gave us a menu to browse. Nice touch.The menu runs in a small-plates/tapas style. I actually prefer this because if you are having a meal with someone you care about, sharing a meal is the best form of bonding. I won't go into the details of each dish because I am lazy. But we had Kimchi, Tuna Sashimi, Shrimi Carpaccio, Ebi Salad and the Pork Belly Buns.If you are a relatively healthy eater, you need to break all of the rules and get the Pork Belly Buns. White dough. Pork Belly. Hoisin Sauce. You will be a happy soul.Also, PLEASE make sure that you ask your server about the green tea selection. They have six different types. We had green tea with toasted brown rice. The flavor was so perfect...I imagined it to have the same feeling as getting a noogie from your best friend, followed up with a high five.This may have been one of the best meals I've had in a very long time. And a fantastic dinner for a fantastic occasion.
5	One of my co workers recommended this place and said it was pretty good. Decided to go last Tuesday for lunch and this place is absolutely phenomenal. Small place, it's at the Teeter House, it has a few rooms for dinning each with 3 or 4 tables and it also has some patio seating. Very homey with an Japanese twist.  The food is the star here. I ordered the Duck salad (12) and Pork belly (8) buns. The buns were great, have never had anything like this in phoenix. The potbelly is fat and delicious with a slight smoky flavor, it had a slightly sweet demi?, and some pickled cucumber. You get the savory and richness from the pork belly and demi and the crunchy, freshness from the cucumber. The bun was soft and fluffy, a little chewy, but complimented the pork belly well. The Duck salad stole the show. It's a warm salad with zin soy duck, grilled organic greens and oranges, mixed with a yuzu vin. The salad comes out slight warm, it has a smoky. citrus flavor and the greens and duck do not get overpowered by being drench in vin.  Absolutely some of the best Japanese food I've had, defiantly going back for dinner.
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars. Mainly for creativity and offering unique plates. Nice area, excellent service. We loved the white fish carpaccio and the green peas. We also ordered the shiromi ceviche and the grapefruit and hamachi that were good too. We closed with the chocolate mousse and the chrysanthemum team, nice way to end the dinner.
5	This eclectic restaurant with a Japanese cuisine focus is somewhat difficult to locate, but worth it. You must try the Okonomiyaki. It's a common Japanese dish that most Americans have never heard of. It's very delicious in general, but Nobuo takes it to the next level.
5	Just got home from an evening with close friends at Nobuo's...been wanting to go for awhile now because I am a big fan of asian fusion cooking..especially Japanese fusion.  Really, really good food and presented beautifully!  Since there were four of us we shared the tasting menu (X2) and some items off of the menu...tasting menu featured a Japanese Antipasti (pickled daikon, snap peas in miso and house made kimchi), Asian spoons with kumamoto's and Uni and house cured salmon, himachi with avacado, grapefruit and truffle oil, braised oxtails and a dessert plate.  All the flavors were fresh, blended well and left your palate excited and refreshed. Artfully presented on really cool china.... Highly recommend the tasting menu!!We also ordered the 25min poached egg with asparagus (awsomely silky texture, cooked sous vide style), octopus fritters, pork belly buns, and the teeter tots...all was great!Lovely food in a lovely atmosphere!  The service was very good also!  (thanks Greg!)
5	I really enjoyed dinner at nobuo last night.  The restaurant itself is a historic home from the late nineteenth century so it has a cozy feel that you wouldn't get in a new structure.  The service was pretty good, I love that hipsters are bringing back the stache!  Anyway the mixed drinks were innovative and delicious.  I had their special pear/ginger drink and the cucumber shiso.  The food was very approachable and we were happy with all the dishes.  Some of the favs were the big eye special with onion sauce, the hamachi with grapefruit and avocado, and the oysters w uni.  The seafood was very fresh.  I rarely get seafood this fresh in so cal.  Very impressed with the quality and creativity for the price.  This is fairly acccessible fine food.
5	Wonderful! You can't go wrong here!  From the drinks, to the ambiance, to the food - top notch!  First let me correct earlier posts by saying they serve small plates.  So you need to order about 3 per person for a full meal.  There are only about 4-6 pieces on each plate to you won't get full if you only order 2 dishes.  We started with the Teeter Tots - panko crusted tofu in a sweet/spicy sauce. I think I could have ordered these all night long.  The pork buns, grapfruit w/ himachi, steamed clams,  and the curry lamb were all amazing.  I don't have a single complaint.  oh and they have a great beer selection - the sweet potato (I don't remember the name) was awsome.
5	I don't do sexy well. All of my attempts at seduction end in horrible awkwardness. Drunk on sake from Nobuo, I attempted to give my boyfriend the ol' bedroom eyes. He told me later that I acted like a mid-range call girl the entire evening. My BAC was partially due to my empty stomach and patially due to previous alcohol consumption. We had already been waiting an hour and a half for Pizzeria Bianco and a bottle of wine later we decided to get some sustenance to help us through the next hour and a half of the wait. While I wasn't making a spectacle of myself, we enjoyed the Teeter Tots and Steamed Pork Buns. Our waiter was an expert in the field of sake and helped us pair these two dishes with a great bottle of the stuff. The Teeter Tots, Panko crusted tofu with a dipping sauce, were so good. I always look for a similar menu option at every Japanese place we go to now, but nothing has come close. Now, I admit I do not normally like steamed pork buns. But I was drunk and in the mood for adventure, so I gave these guys a shot! Second best  outcome of an intoxicated decision ever!Get frisky at Nubuo if you have the chance!
5	Was worth every penny. Grapefruit and hamachi was my favorite dish. Can't wait to go back when squash blossoms are in season.
4	Interesting and unique parings make the food not only tasty but visually appealing.  I would definitely return here.
5	The best Japanese meal I have had outside of Tokyo - really delicious, fresh, inventive and of course beautifully presented.We came for lunch and it was so good we came back for dinner! Both times we sat outside in the lovely, modern garden (which supplied chef with fresh herbs like lemon grass, yuzu and shiso leaf). Inside looked super cute too - lovely restored 1899 building with great wallpaper.Some of the deliciousness:- Tako age (fried octopus with a spicy yuzu aioli)- Shiromi Cevich (gorgeous bundles of miyoga with shredded taro)- Grapefruit Hamachi (with avocado and truffle oil served in soup spoons)- Warm Duck Salad with a gorgeous pile of grilled greens (so good we order a second side of them and got the recipe from the chef)- Okonomiyaki (street food, pork and seafood pancake with more of that yummy japanese mayo)Don't forget the elegant summery cocktails, I had three:- Cucumber shiso (vodka, rose water and cucumber)- White Drago Jasmine - the BEST, a combo og gin, vermouth, jasmine tea and chamomile lemongrass syrup. Not too sweet. So refreshing- Road to Nowhere - more of a dude drink, but tasty. Couldn't finish this one.Excellent service both visits. Especially liked how friendly, laid-back everyone was. Even the chef came out to say hi - an incredibly talented, yet so unassuming fellow - and filled our water glasses.A suberb meal, both visits. I highly, highly recommend Nobuo.
4	OMG I am not even sure why I am not giving this place 5 stars.  We went there last weekend and ended up back there again this weekend!!!  Nice to see the menu changes even weekly.  There were some things that we had the week before, Pork Belly Buns ( which seem to be very popular )  good, but very filling.The restaurant is a tapas Japanese style and perfect for two to share.  There are no really main dishes, I recommend just ordering everything you want and they will just bring it out as it is ready.  Some seasonal items that we had that I highly recommend if you are in there in the next couple weeks Soft Shell Crab and Stuffed Squash Blossoms.  I was totally bummed that the Black Cod was already gone off the menu as it was SOOOO good.We had the House Cured Salmon, Warm Duck Salad and Almond Fritters.  Very strong selection of wine and Sake of course :)The place is absolutely adorable, the Teeter House is name after the woman who had lived there.  It is a historic home that has been beautifully redone.  Their servers on very attentive and done act overwhelmed.  However, you will always see the owner/chef there which always makes a huge difference in how a restaurant is ran.I could go on and on about the food, I just recommend you go.  If you get a chance sit at the bar, you will be able to meet and see Nobuo at work.  He is a very friendly chef and you will be very impressed by him.  This is a great fresh take for the Valley and I recommend hoping out of that Pizza line and coming over here, it will blow your socks off and not break the bankPARKING:  Note about parking, it is tight, you need to park in the garage behind the science center but hope it is not an event night or it is $12, there are meters around the place but hard to find one
5	Incredible and exquisite are the first two words that come to mind when I think of Nobuo at Teeter House! I heart this place!! First time here (finally!) and I intend on coming back for more!Came here for dinner, they do serve lunch btw which I might have to stop in for!  But here is what we had for dinner:Dishes are tapas style.  For starters had the teeter tots(scrumptious!). Then we tried soft shell crab, tako (octopus) and tomato and pork belly buns, well my date ordered that. I don`t eat pork but he sure raved about how good it was and I was sorely tempted!! Loved the sake infused cocktails to add to everything, made it complete!! ps- get on their email list and/or follow on twitter/facebook for the latest updates! The menu changes frequently AND Nobuo does tasting dinners! I`m planning on going to one soon!! The food and wine pairings has me drooling!
2	This review will be slightly skewed, as I only had dessert here. We might have had more had we been greeted at the door and offered a menu or a smile. My husband and I walked in to check drink prices and considered bringing our group over to their very charming patio. This restaurant is very clean, appealing and has a lovely atmosphere and decor. So we waited for a bit for someone to talk to us and when no one did, we grabbed a menu ourselves and checked out the selection. Quite a nice wine list and variety. Somewhat pricey for a birthday drink-fest, though so we headed back next-door. As we were walking out, a server said "oh you're leaving?". Well, yes we are and no one even noticed we were here. Part two: after being denied dessert next door I came here to request any type of dessert to go and would pay whatever it cost. If it was up to Greg at the front, this would be a 5 star review. He sounded confused and unsure, but did check and was friendly. He said the chef didn't like to make it to go, as the presentation would be off. I understand this and know they take such pride in product, so I explained this would be okay, I would certainly take into account this isn't a typical presentation and appreciated them doing it. I then ask if they have a candle. I'm told no. I ask what those small flickering tea lights are and am told "a candle". Yes, unconventional, but what can one do in a pinch? So Greg gets one for me. Thanks Greg. So now I'm pretty happy and waiting and a server, possibly even manger by her demeanor walks into the kitchen and loudly says a disgusted "REALLY?!". I hear them talking about what apparently is my awful request for a to go dessert with a tea light for the birthday boy. After ranting and rolling her eyes she walked out and pretend smiles at me. Puh-lease. Greg hands me the dessert (no fork, but that's okay) and I gladly pay my 7 bucks while also tipping him 7 for being hospitable. The dessert was vegan and incredibly tasty. It actually had French fries that tasted like gummy worms! Sorry Nobuo. If I hadn't gotten mocked we would have for sure been back for a romantic dinner and some drinks soon.
5	Food awsome! My boyfriend and I ended up having 7 different plates. Oy Vay we were stuffed but very happy. Favorite was a sashimi with roasted garlic oil. least favorite had a ton of wonderful mushrooms. Everything was wonderful from the service to the food. The portions for tappas is fairly large and the food is protein heavy so it really does fill you up. I would recomend this place to anyone with more refined tastes. I can't say enough about it!
4	Sophisticated refined Asian Tea house that is in a turn of the century bungalow serving Very reasonably priced well crafted foods.We decided to try for lunch and were told the plates were small so we ordered three  plates to share but really two plates would be enough.We started with the grilled tofu salad,with udon noodles, cucumber, and greens. The tofu was marinated and very lightly grilled and it, along with the noodles picked up most of the flavor of the dressing. ($8)The short rib steamed buns were like sandwiches not stuffed like buns and had precision cut Tokyo Negi (onion) inside them with house made pickles (celery) the meat in the bun had a most perfect tasty char but was also marinated and for some people the taste of the marinate is an acquired taste,don't misunderstand it was good but fish essence was part of the flavor. The steamed fresh bun was the best I ever had and we were served two sandwiches so again this was a generous portion. ($8)The most impressive bursting with pleasing flavors plate we had was the panko fried soft shell crab on house made foccia served with side of fennel cole slaw. Perfect in preparation,great pops of taste with kanzuri aiol (Asian red pepper paste) I think purple shiso herb (minty fennel like basil) and cucumber sandwich. My only thought is this was perfect and didn't need the dressing on both sides of sandwich. The house made focaccia bun was so light and fresh and the herb that was used under the top bun that I think was shiso transformed and elevated the taste tremendously. The fennel cole slaw was the best I ever had and was like fireworks in your mouth it was delicious. ($10)some plates are a whisper and some plates are a scream, service was exceptionally good. The menu is limited so you need to examine before you dine.
5	Love the quiet ambience and simplicity of this place.  Beautiful but once again, simplistic refined Asian cuisine.  What's great about this place is you could go in with a friend on a budget and just get a few bites and drinks and leave happy with still a few bucks in your wallet.  My favorite item were the perfectly fried squash blossoms.  The wine list is extensive for such a small place and the cocktails are clean and elegant, fitting the focus of Nobuo's food. Nobuo is also an incredible guy.  What you see is what you get and he truly cares about what he creates and the visitor's experience.
4	IMPORTANT:  You will spend $50 per person here, and walk away slightly full, NOT stuffed.You need to get that through your head to enjoy this place.  I dropped $110 including tip, and no alchoholic drinks between my wife and myself (just one iced tea).  We had 9 dishes, including 3 appetizer, 3 "entree" and 3 small deserts.   We ate everything on every plate... and at the end of the night, we still could have easily eaten more.  So this isn't a place you go to "fill up."Budget $50 easy per person, then when you get there, SPEND it all on dishes.  And have absolutely no regrets, because you've prepared yourself.And then be prepared to be blown away by the tastes and presentation of each dish.  Each dish comes out for the table one at a time, maybe 10 minutes apart.  Each will inevitably be deemed "delicious" by all a the table.  Each will likely be the best version of whatever it is, you've tasted for a long while... maybe ever.Seabass and Mushrooms in white paper.   I've never had fish that tasted like that... and the mushrooms blew my mind.Tofu fried tater tots... absolutely delicious.  Soft shelled crab sliders... amazing.  Maybe my favorite.The pork in the buns was the most "normal dish", but terribly good.It was really all very outstanding.  Perhaps one of the best "date" restaurants if you want to blow some money, that I've found in Phoenix.  Of course I couldn't have afforded it when I was dating... so small problem.But if dropping $100 on amazing tastes and flavors and not at least being thoroughly full at the end bothers you, don't go, as it will be an exercise in frustration.  No point being stressed about the money you are spending.There is a place for restaurants like this.  And they are terrific.  But you have to get your mind straight.I will be back.  Sorry if I come across as a cheap bastard with expensive tastes... but... I am.And Nobuo is worth every penny.
5	Lindsey here, reporting to you live from a self-induced food coma thanks to the delicious cuisine courtesy of Nobuo. Let's see...where shall I begin? I finally had the perfect excuse to check a visit to Nobuo off my list: Yelp Eats! So tonight, fellow yelpers and myself sat in the adorable Teeter house and dined on master cuisine. I began with the refreshing watermelon and goat cheese salad. It was like a never-ending bowl of melon that was perfectly matched with creamy goat cheese. As our table laughed and chatted about everything under the sun, I ordered another appetizer: the teeter tots. Holy tots Napoleon! At first glance, the idea of tofu teeter tots didn't appeal to me too much, but I'm a sucker for anything fried so I decided to give it a try. Well, the fried tofu was smothered with mouthwatering sweet sauce and after one taste, the rest of the table ordered a dish for themselves! In fact, they were so good, Dave N ate them again for dessert! Even if you aren't a tofu lover, I still suggest you get them. They are heavenly. Now let's move on to the entrees. I had half of the soft shell crab sandwich dish and half of the pork belly steamed buns. Both were crafted perfectly. The pork belly steamed buns come on a rice bun and the pork and sauce are complimented perfectly within the bun. The soft shell crab sandwich comes with two small sandwiches. The crab melts in your mouth and the sauce is the perfect addition. If you go with a friend, order both dishes and share! We ended the night with a sweet goodbye known as the orange almond fritters. Imagine four donut holes with ice cream on top and covered in a thick Carmel/orange-like sauce. Perfecto! The atmosphere here is wonderful as well because it's situated in the historic Teeter house. In fact, tonight I learned that this house was occupied by the owner until her death in the 1970s. It's truly a piece of Phoenix history and worth stopping into even if it's just to see the house. But do yourself a favor and stay to dine as well!
5	Yelp Eats Week 2011 (50% off!), Take 3:07/14/11My first visit and I already love this place!  It's got everything:  great location in Heritage Square; easy access to nearby parking (w/ validation- sweet!); classy, understated elegance; amiable and demure staff; and the gorgeous and terrific food!  What makes Nobuo stand out from all the downtown eats I've had the pleasure to try, though, is the low-noise level-- one would think that in such a historic building such as this, with wooden floors, wooden furnishings, and many small rooms that can easily fill up fast w/ lively diners, that it could get very noisy indoors, but in the two hours our group spent there, not once did I find it too noisy.  On to the food!  Still satiated from my late lunch, I decided to skip the apps and ordered the soft-shell crab sandwich, since I also wanted to have the Dark chocolate tofu mousse for dessert later.  From the adorable beverage booklet, the iced teas begged to be tried, so I ordered a Lychee red iced tea, which came unsweetened.  [Other selections were Hibiscus oolong iced tea, several varieties of green tea, Ramunes (Japanese flavored sodas, three varieties), sakes, red and white wines, beers, and $11 cocktails.]  Several others had ordered apps and were gracious enough to share-- the Teeter Tots app was a HUGE hit!  So much so, that two Yelpers ordered two servings, and another had three or more!  (The third one was dessert, someone remarked.  LOL)  These fried tofu cubes w/ miso sauce surprised me w/ their delicate crunchy exteriors that then revealed juicy tofu inside, and the spicy miso sauce that they were tossed in was impeccable!  I'm not sure if the twelve Yellow-tail sashimi spoons were house freebies, or if three Yelpers ordered them (four spoons per order), but I really enjoyed the two I had tried.  (I'd initially turned down invitations to try them since they contained avocado, which I love, but the fruit unfortunately does not love me; However, they looked so beautiful and so enticing that I eventually broke down and tried one, minus the avocado.  The first spoonful was exquisite- tangy, garlicky, and clean-tasting, and I had to have another!)  My sandwich was, just as Lindsey wrote, perfectly crafted-- two magnificently-toasted focaccia "buns" housing golden-brown battered small soft-shell crabs, with greens, red onions, and a pepper aioli (I asked that the cucumber be omitted).  I'd definitely order this entree again! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=gDhcFCQxrpOy47odikW29w#gDhcFCQxrpOy47odikW29w  Last, but certainly not least, the deep, silky Dark chocolate tofu mousse, w/ green tea ice cream and candied orange peel was divine! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ#o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ  (Notice a pattern here?)  The Orange-almond fritters were fantastic, too, but you'll be doing yourself a disservice if you don't try the mousse!  I'll be back very soon, Nobuo!
4	The hubby and I had dinner here for the Yelp Eats UYE with fellow yelpers Dante M and Lucia C.  The food was fantastic and I am very happy that we were able to try all this deliciousness at half-off prices!The best part of the meal for me was the Grapefruit & Hamachi dish.  It was amazing!  I am a big fan of sashimi and I also love grapefruit but I wasn't sure how the combination of the two would be.  Turns out it was perfect.  I was saying to my husband on the way home that this was probably the best sushi that I have ever had but then I remembered one fantastic meal at Nobu in Las Vegas.  So, I think we may have a tie there.  Which is interesting since the chefs have similar first names (Nobuo Fukuda vs. Nobu Matsuhisa).I actually started the meal with another surprising combo.  The watermelon and goat cheese salad had a very different but overall pleasing taste to it.  The tangy creaminess of the goat cheese was a good contrast to the crisp fruity sweetness of the watermelon.  It also went really well with the cocktail I had ordered... the Cucumber Shiso.  This drink was not as good as it sounded but it was ok.  Though I may have been overly critical after enjoying the mind-blowing drinks at Citizen Public House a couple of nights before.  I did also try the White Dragon Jasmine cocktail and that was one was better.  But still not worth the $14 price tag (the menu said $11 so I'm not sure if that was a mistake or what).  Next time I will get the hibiscus iced tea that Lucia ordered since that looked lovely.  I also had some of the Pork Belly Buns as recommended by everyone and they did not disappoint.  And to finish the meal, the chocolate mousse.  That was a really awesome dessert.  I could not taste the tofu at all but I think that was the source of the ultra silky smooth texture of the mousse.  And the green tea ice cream complimented the chocolate well.  Ha, another odd yet surprisingly good combination of flavors!Overall a great night with good food and good people in a charming atmosphere.  A high four stars.
5	I went out to eat at Nobuo at the Teeter House a couple days ago, and I'm still thinking about the food. At first, I was a little intimidated by the menu, being that I could barely pronounce anything on it, or recognize half of what anything was. But after just randomly pointing to things on the menu and going with whatever I got, I was amazed. Every dish that came out was better than the last. I like that everything is tapas style, as I didn't leave in a complete food coma. I talked to the owner for a few minutes, and he was very kind and interesting. He was talking to us about the different types of vegetables he uses and how they are locally grown. This is a perfect date place. I loved it and I would go back over and over again.
5	There really isn't much more to say, because you can see how awesome this place is from my original review. Or from the reviews of others.I came in for the Yelp Eats UYE, and went to town by crushing some mad food.On this particular night, I had the Yellowtail Sashimi, Pork Belly Steamed Buns, Soft Shell Crab Sandwich, and for dessert, another appetizer....the Teeter Tots. Yes, two entrees, and an appetizer for dessert. It was that damn good.Don't waste time reading any more reviews. Just go. Nobuo. Now.
4	Nobu offers Japanese fusion cuisine in an elegant modern but yet traditional Japanese setting.  There were numerous courses of beautifully prepared and imaginatively presented food on small plates the standard Japanese Isakaya (tapas).  My favorites were teeter tots which were absolutely incredible.  The spicy miso sauce was very addictive, and fried tofu with green onions on top is excellent.   The soft shell crab sandwich was good, but I think I like it more in a sushi roll.  As for dessert, after seeing everyone's order, I just couldn't resist not to order one for myself.  I have ordered the Orange-almond fritters, the smell of the orange in the warm fritters are splendid, and tasted even better.  The exotic flavor of the jasmine tea ice cream was very refreshing; just wish they have another scoop on it.   I took the pork belly buns home, and tried the next day. The braised pork belly buns with preserved mustard cabbage vegetable remained me of a Chinese-style dish that my dad loves.  Actually, I preferred something different than the fatty pork belly in the bun.  I just don't like the texture of the fatty part of the meat.    Overall, I had a superb UYE dinner at Nobu.  I am glad that they participated in Yelp Eats Week.   I hope they will be back for next Yelp Eats Week.  Thanks so much for organizing this, Lindsey!
5	This is a unique, awesome place with a cool menu. We did not have one thing that we would not order again.
5	five stars alone based on the grilled tofu salad and the pork belly bunsthis is one of the spots you have to visit on any down town pilgrimage, it's simply one of the best restaurants phoenix has to offer.
4	Thanks to Yelp Eats my husband and I finally got down to Nobuo.Word to the wise, if you want to eat here, arrive when they open or make a reservation.  It is popular.We kept our dinner fairly simple, kimchee, yellowtail w/grapefruit, pork buns and the soy/miso marinated yellowtail.All were absolutely divine!I could have eaten so many of the yellowtail grapefruit combos.  They come on little spoons and you're supposed to eat it in one bite.  The acidity from the grapefruit works perfectly with the yellowtail.  It just melts in your mouth.And the kimchee.  So so good.  Sometimes I'm not a big fan, but this was delish.The pork buns have been mentioned tons in reviews.  They are every bit as wonderful as described.  Unlike your typical bbq pork bun, the bun is folded around the pork belly which means everything is cooked to perfection and is just the right temperature (since steamed pork buns can burn your mouth because they're so hot in the middle, but oh so good).We had the apple fritters to finish and they were just divine.  It was the perfect meal and we left feeling perfectly fed and content.  We weren't overstuffed or uncomfortable, just ridiculously happy.  We can't wait for the weather to cool down again, get on our bikes, and ride downtown to heritage square.
5	Creative, unique items that just work.  Very high quality ingredients.  Gets a very rare 5th star!
5	Teeter tots/end scene
5	I agree with all of the good things already said by other reviewers, and so will you. I was a first-timer during Yelp Eats and got to try a variety of the best dishes... teeter tots (delicious fried morsels in just the perfect sauce), yellowtail sashimi (omg the flavor combination and freshness!), pork belly steamed buns (the table had to order seconds), soft shell crab sandwich (very good). It was the kind of meal I felt privileged to enjoy.
5	This is a great , intimate, and special gem of a place with fantastic creations from the James Beard award winning chef, Nobuo, in the Heritage Square's Teeter house, a historical old house with hardard floors and simple understated elegance, all in the heart of DT PHX. In what could be described as Izakaya Fusion small plates, or what one might call "Japa Tapas",  made with attention to detail, flavor and texture, at reasonable prices, this place was part of Phoenix  Yelp's Eats Week recently, with rave reviews from Yelp Foodies.In a cozy, quiet room with only 4 tables, with dark hardwood floors and minimal decorations, the two of us split the following:Small BitesKimchi ($6) - napa cabbage, dried shrimp, seasme oil, red chili. Instead of the Korean staple fermented and limp, this was fresh cabbage with a lively flavor, crisp and crunchy, as a salad rather than a pickled side dish. Excellent!Nasu ($8) - eggplant, bacon, red miso, Tokyo negi - this small bacon wrapped morsels stuffed with eggplanbt and akamiso, with shaveed green onions. (8 small pieces) Heavenly! Others not tried: Shishito Pepper, Watermelon Goat Cheese salad, Tempura Squash Blossom (All $10 or less)Cold DishesYellow Tail Ceviche ($14) - myouga, sesame seed, sherdded taro - a superb blend of textures from the Hamachi to the Taro shavings, caressing the palatte with sultry pleasure (4 pieces)Tako and Tomato ($16) - fresh grilled octupus, house made mozzarella - like a mini-Italian Caprese appetizer, with half a cherry tomato, a small ball of mozzarella, a touch of basil, and a scored, pounded, grilled tender piece of white octupus! Outrageous yet comforting in its combining recognition with a new ingredient! Others not tried: House cured Salmon, Ebi Salad, Grapefruit & Hamachi, Shiromi Carpaccio, Big Eye Tuna Tataki (all $12 - $16)Warm DishesPanko Fried Soft Shell Crab Sandwich ($12) -  housemade focaccia, cucumber, kanzuri aioli - this is not your daddy's crab sandwich! Crispy soft shell, great aioli, a mouth watering delight!Seabass & Mushroom ($14) - seabass baked in parchment, garlic butter, sake, soy - delicate, flaky seabass soaking in a hearty sauce, on a bed of shitaki and enoki mushrooms, with a sweet sake, butter and onion base, tender, yet dripping with exciting goodness like a goddess in heat!Others not tried: Okonomiyaki ($8) - classic Kansai pancake favorite! Pork Belly Buns, Fried Sodt Shell Shrimp, Warm Duck Salad, Yuan Yaki, Foie Gras, Coconut Curry Lamb, (all $10 - $24)DessertChcolate Mouse with Green Tea Ice cream and chocolate syrupThis is a terrific date place, intimate and romantic, or a Foodies orgasm, and all at reasonable prices for the quality of creations and food. We had 2 small bottles of Junmai Sake ($12 eacch) but they have a huge selction of sakes going up to near $600 a bottle, as well as a good selction of beers. Relaxed atmoshere, not hoity toity at all, not attitudes, very down to earth. This is an excellent choice! And of my many reviews, only 10% or less get 5 stars from Wanugee, so you can trust my viewpoint and bell curve!
2	Did you ever have the feeling at a restaurant that it just didn't matter that you were there?  That's how a friend and I felt at Nobuo for a late lunch one day.  The server wasn't surly, but ... maybe indifferent is the word I'm looking for.  Example: He botched the opening of the Japanese soft drink my friend ordered specifically for the opening fizz (it didn't) and just said, "Oh, well, that happens."  Not! when the opening show is the only reason for ordering such a high-priced soft drink!Food was kind of meh, though I did enjoy the bonito flakes waving back and forth on the okonomiyaki.  We were especially unimpressed with the pork buns--dry buns, room-temp pork fat--as I said, meh.We weren't greeted, weren't sped on our way after with a cheery smile, just didn't feel wanted.  Not a habit we're going to acquire, for sure.
5	The food here is ridiculously good.  Every single item was amazing.We went here on a Sunday after a visit to a downtown church, and apparently we are the only people who immediately felt after prayer that what we need on a mid-day on Sunday are some cocktails and some amazing food.  No one was there at all.  Well, the owners were there. :)Nobou has a smaller menu at lunch, and we ended up ordering three entrees even though we were full with two because we just had to try more - it was just so good.They used their own homegrown purple basil in several of the drinks and dishes and because I raved about it so much they cut me some and sent me home with a big bunch of basil!  How nice is that?!I wondered how a place could have such a high rating with 103 reviews - really, that many people loved it?  Yep.  Now I see why.  Wish I was downtown more.  Also wish more places had non-brunch Sunday food.  Cause I like myself a cocktail and a nice lunch on Sundays. :)
5	Pretty stellar Japanese Izakaya restaurant (kind of like a wine/sake bar, but with food).  Menu was exquisite, modern, creative Japanese tapas....try the grilled Shishito Pepper with bonito flakes....really nice starter with a bit of a kick.  Tako and Tomato dish (grilled octopus with house-made mozz and tomator water) was really special.  It's not a huge serving but man, each bite is perfect, served in a little spoon.  I found the pork belly buns to be good, but the belly was a bit too chewy and the sauce overpowered the subtle flavors of the pork.  The buns were so well made though that I still rate this place a 5.  Finished with chocolate tofu mousse with green tea ice cream and some nice green tea....Ambiance is Japanese modern chique in what looks to be a big spacious house from the 30s.  Good ambient music, good service, and phenomenal saki/wine list.  Altogether a great find in one of my least favorite cities in the country (sorry Phoneix....come visit Austin!).  I'll be back.
5	Delicious
2	Wow. This place did not live up to it's hype. My table was right up against the table next to us, which was awkward since the couple at that table was clearly on their first date. Also, the food was quite unimpressive. The pork buns that I was so excited about just tasted like pork with plum sauce on a steamed bun --- just tasted terribly sweet and salty and not in a good way. Plus, I probably could have gone to an Asian grocery store, bought 3 items, and made each bun for under a buck each! On that note, our bill (2 people) came out to almost $100 and there wasn't a single dish that we ordered that was even remotely remarkable. So disappointing.
4	finally got to check out Nobuo during AZ restaurant week and was not disappointed!the amuse bouche was delicious - skewered watermelon & goat cheese yum!  the marriage of flavors & textures here was close to perfection!the rest of the menu was really inventive - nothing i've tried before! seemed more like asian fusion than japanese, but really tasty.we all shared bites and i would have to say that the pork belly & rice wrapped in a banana leaf was my favorite.  absolutely delicious!
5	The short: Pricey, eclectic Japanese food. Wish I lived in town, I'd come back.The long: This place is located in heritage square, and is set up in an old house. Despite this, the inside is very clean and they make the small space work. The seating is cozy and intimate without being cramped. The second thing you notice waiting for you table, is the crazy imported Japanese beer offerings in the drink menu. Personally, I'm a beer snob and tried as many beers as possible. They have a sweet potato lager and an oyster stout.We came with enough people to try most items on the menu. When I was there they had sticky rice with pork belly, sashimi ceviche, goat cheese cheesecake ... It was all really good.This place is really hipster/trendy. I'm thinking the background music was Pandora with a Cold War Kids seed.The only real negative is the price. But, everything is spectacular. The service is great, they're all friendly, they know the menu in and out. The food is delivered right on time. The food is great, varied and will definitely surprise you. They even throw in a trick candle if its someone's birthday.I normally grade pretty hard. This is the first place I've given a 5.
5	Yum, tasty Izakaya for lunch. Fairly affordable at $10 for most items. The imported Japanese beer is outrageously expensive, but tasty. I love the old house in which this restaurant is situated. On a cool night, it looks like sitting outside would be a wonderful option as well.
5	Everything an epicurean experience should be!!!  Meaning a rare blend of exotic and common herbs and spices, mixed in unforeseen combinations which made my palate believe I was tasting completely new flavors.     Menu is a Tapas portions of Japanese fusion (Tapas is a Spanish word for casual small portions - usually FREE in Spain with a drink)  Definitely NOT free here.....  Favorite dish was the Shiromi Carpachio.  REMEMBER: Eating here is more of an experience than a meal.  It is about tasting food like one tastes wine.  You don't go here to fill your belly.  You come here to tantalize your senses.  If you remember this.  You will be happy with your experience.  Cornerstone of any Japanese food involves raw fish in a big way.  Of course there are other dishes too, but I didn't eat any of those.  It is a bit pricey, but if you have the means, I highly recommend Nobuo at the Teeter House as a dining experience for those who love Japanese cuisine
3	Definitely make a reservation. The place seemed empty when we arrived, but they assign everything ahead of time. We luckily got to sit at the counter, which was the only option left. There is only one bathroom, with two doors, so you may have to wait.The environment is excellent. The house only fits about 50 people and the rooms are divided well for privacy. Eating here is like being in a quiet, vintage home.We tried the shishito peppers, tuna tataki, and pork belly buns. The peppers were very good, but I wish we got more. The tuna tataki was cooked, sliced, and spiced well. But beware the onion sauce, as it can be overpowering. In a huge surprise, the pork belly buns were amazing. The pork was soft and exploded with flavor on every bite. I didn't expect to like pickled mustard greens, but they were great and fit perfectly with the bun and pork. I recommend the pork belly buns as a must-have dish.  However, overall the portion sizes are extremely small and are priced high. For drinks, there is a nice selection of cold and hot teas. My tea was served loose in the pot, which caused it to become overstepped and bitter. It should have been served better (e.g. cup large enough to hold all of the tea, more cups, removable strainer, or single serving pot). The staff members were friendly and respectful. The people who delivered each dish nicely described and presented the food. Our server was a little slow and kept us waiting a few times. Overall, the atmosphere was quiet and intimate, which was nice. The food was unique, but there are other Japanese restaurants in the area that I like better (check out Roka Akor and RA). Nobuo is worth visiting, especially if you are exploring downtown Phoenix.
3	I wasn't totally impressed by this place. Among the other restaurants in Heritage Square, it wasn't lively in comparison. We went anyway. Right off the bat I felt our server seemed pretentious. Everyone was nice, just ever so slightly hipster-ish. We got to sit in the lounge area which seemed very private, sexy and cozy - oh, except that's where all the wait staff walks in and out with every single order. Not so cozy after all.We started out with the fried octopus. The sauce it came with was delicious, but the dish itself was way too breaded. I could barely taste the octopus. Next we had the crab sandwich. Pretty good, but not outstanding. Lastly, we had the duck salad. That was on point! The duck was perfectly cooked. Overall, not bad. But pretty pricey for the portions. I don't mind small portions as I don't necessarily like leaving feeing like a stuffed piglet, but still. Simply not up to par for the price. Skip this and go to Rose & Crown next door.
3	My second visit and frankly I'm surprised at all the rave reviews.  Don't get me wrong there are some tasty unique morsels that are artfully presented but we dropped a few bills ate every thin on the menu just about and I was starving afterward.
3	WHOA! Wait a minute this is not the World Famous Nobuo that bears the same name.This is another Nobuo guy that's made his name stake in Arizona. We came in for lunch and had the duck salad, the pork sandwich(Blah!) and the soft crab sandwich. The best part was the duck salad and the Crab Sandwich. This place is okay but I think I could have found a better lunch for $25 a person. I don't think I'll be back anytime soon!
4	Good food in a unique setting with fantastic service.  Nobou at Teeter House offers up a very pleasurable dining experience.I'll start with the great.  The restaurant is in a more than 100-year-old house in the heart of downtown Phoenix.  There is nearly a perfect feeling that I have been invited inside someone's home for a fancy dinner party.  The staff was fantastic.  Our server, Alexis, was very attentive, friendly, fast, and really knew the menu (or at least was good at selling every dish with a very thorough description about the technique and flavors used to create it).  The presentation of the food is creative and beautiful. The not-so-great.  The food is served in small portions at a high price.  I wouldn't have a big problem with that, I actually think Americans should be more into tapas eating, except nothing we ordered blew my mind or taste buds away.  Don't get me wrong; everything we ordered was excellent.  The food is perfectly cooked, seasoned, sauced, and artistically plated.  It just didn't have that over-the-top "WOW" factor I was hoping for.Having said that.  Nobuo at Teeter House is still a place that everyone should try out at least once.  It's an enjoyable place to eat.  It's probably a fun place to go with a small group of friends just to hang out, order a lot of plates and just sample what the restaurant has to offer.As I said, the price can be a little high.  It took five plates and a dessert to create a fair size meal for just two people.  That came to nearly a $100 tab (with drinks).  But Nobuo at Teeter House is on Local Dines (http://www.localdines.com/?ref=19485) with a $50 or $25 gift certificate.  Take advantage of the deal and cross Nobuo off your Phoenix restaurant bucket list.
4	Came here with a coworker on a recent trip to Phoenix. Cute little place in an old victorian house on E. Adams acoss from my one of my favorite places in Phoenix, Pizza Bianco.It's a japanese cuisine with a small plates style menu. We ended up splitting about 6 small plates. My favorites were:Seabass & Mushrooms - baked in parchment, garlic-butter, sake, soySoft shell crab sandwichesYellowtail Ceviche - miyoga , sesame seed, shredded taroEverything we had was delicious (though I sat out on the Pork Buns, too full at that point though I heard they were delicious).I had 2 very nice glasses of a pinot to accompany the meal.All in all, a very nice experience. Quaint, quiet ambience, though we were the only two customers there for an 8:30pm dinner reservation. While it was a Wednesday night, it's still a wonder that the place was empty.
5	I have been dying to try this place for months now, and luckily yesterday I finally had the chance to go downtown and eat at Nobuo, and trust me it did not disappoint!!  My friend and I split the Short Rib Steamed Buns as an appetizer.  Let me tell you this, I could eat the shit out of this all day long!  From the first bite I was in love.  Succulent meat in a light steamed bun, hmmmm.   Next my friend had the Soft Shell Crab Sandwich, which unfortunately I did not try but it looked grand, and he had no complaints about it whatsoever.  I went with the Okonomiyaki.  Wow, just wow.  I have had Chinese Scallion pancakes, but this Japanese pancake was out of this world good.  I have never had anything that has ever tasted like this before.  I guess it could be best compared to an up scale Egg Foo Young.  Same concept, but with much higher quality ingredients.  What I really cannot get over was the price.  Each dish was only $10 bucks, a bargain considering the quality of food that you get.  I will put it this way.  I live in Gold Canyon, and I am willing to make the commute for these dishes again.  That sentence tells it all right there!
4	Quality over quantity.  Nobuo might endear itself more to western clientele if they offered something actually filling, like a big, inappropriate bowl of mashed potatoes (or starchy Japanese equivalent), to tide diners over between delectable flights of ephemeral fancy.  The highlights really are wonderful. Try the sublime grapefruit/hamachi, steamed buns, soft shell crab sandwich and deep fried shrimp w/ papaya slaw. Courses are slowly paced, fostering conversation and savory anticipation. Servers instruct diners to scarf morsels like "shots", and this really does feel more like a leisurely evening of wine tasting than a traditional sit down dinner. Dinner for five, sans drinks, was $200, and this skinny multiculturalist immediately rushed home to fix myself a sandwich. And some dessert.  I can only imagine the consternation of fat xenophobes at Nobuo.  If you're comfortable surrendering cash along with the gauche expectation of feeling full after a meal,  dinner here can be a lovely treat.  Otherwise, I might suggest sampling portions at lunch first to assess the situation.
4	After purchasing a localdines coupon for Nobuo last month, the Hubs and I were super excited to give this place a try, and we were NOT disappointed.  First off, LOVED the location and atmosphere.  The restaurant itself is in an old house, which seems quaint and unique.  They have fire pits and some good seating outside, which we both remarked would be cool if it were warmer.  Considering it was a cold winter evening in December, we opted to sit inside.Nobuo, as I am sure you can tell from the previous reviews, is a tapas-like Japanese restaurant featuring hot and cold small plates.  After reading the very helpful reviews on yelp, we sampled the following items: tofu tatter tots, chopped salad, pork buns, halibut, and the fritters.  With that lineup of items, what's not to like... the highlights for me were the tofu tater tots, which had such a unique texture and the sauce was amazing (and I hate tofu).  The pork buns were AH-MAZ-ING!  I could have ordered two of those and been a very happy girl.  The dessert was fabulous and capped off an amazing meal so well.  All in all, I was SOOOO... happy with the meal and this place is a true gem.  Oh, and they pour a REALLY stiff drink!We left our meal excited for our next time back to Nobuo, which tells you all you need to know in my opinion.
5	5 star review baby! My husband and I came here at the recommendation of friends who are fellow foodies. We were not disappointed!We had the following dishes:Shiromi CarpaccioYellowtail CevicheSeabass and MushroomPanko Fried Soft Shell Crab SandwichPork Belly BunsThe Shiromi Carpaccio was basically a white fish with they poured this heavenly hot sesame oil with ginger yuzo and garlic all over the fish just before serving. The sesame oil lightly cooked the fish and it was sublime. It was served with homemade focaccia bread and we liked the focaccia bread so much we ordered more so we could dip it into the sauce. The Yellowtail Ceviche was served in Asian style spoons with sesame seed and shredded taro on top. It was a mouthful of flavorful goodness! The shredded taro was crispy and this added a nice texture. The Seabass and Mushrooms was unlike anything I've ever had before. It was baked in parchment paper with garlic butter, sake, and soy. The seabass was very very tender and almost melted in my mouth. The mushrooms were just succulent. I would say the Shiromi Carpaccio, the Yellowtail Ceviche, and the Seabass and Mushrooms were my favorite dishes. The Panko Fried Soft Shell Crab Sandwich was very good with housemade focaccia and kanzuri aioli. It all tasted very fresh. It was very filling and I really liked the crunchy texture of the crab. The Pork Belly Buns with braised pork belly, pickled mustard greens were tasty and also very filling. I loved the chewy flavorful goodness of the pork belly. My husband and I ordered 5 things and we honestly couldn't finish everything. We were so full and happy! I also had a very good flower tea that I enjoyed. My husband ordered a beer that he had never heard of and enjoyed it immensely. The atmosphere is quaint. Nobuo is intimate and quiet in a little old house and you can tell they put a lot of thought into the decor. It's the perfect place for a date. I was quite impressed with both the food and the service and the chef even came out of the kitchen to shake our hands and say hello. I would highly recommend Nobuo if you are looking for an upscale, quiet meal, with awesome food and service. I hardly ever come to Phoenix because I'm from Cali but I will make a point of coming back to Nobuo whenever I get a chance!! Definitely go for the Shiromi Carpaccio, the Yellowtail Ceviche, and the Seabass and Mushrooms!
3	Until last week, i was a 5 star enthusiast of Nobuo. I went to the soft opening with ma Boy Brian T, and have been back several times with him, his wife Tina T and other friends. this review is not about the food; which is a 5 star rating. lets be clear. this review is based solely on my most recent visit, then bumped up 2 stars for all of the past visits. Yup, if your a math whiz, i just said my last visit is a 1 star rating. unreal. I'm tempted to not even write this review. i love this place that much. but it was so horrible. we walked over (i live Downtown), heading to the science center, and decided to "attempt" to try NoBuo on a Sunday for lunch. as we walked inside the awesome old school house, an overwhelming smell of cat piss almost made us vomit. seriously. it was like an old cat lady, with 86 cats died 3 weeks ago and the cats just pissed everywhere inside. imagine that. now make it real life. Boom. no exaggeration. Strike 1. So, we were seated (literally the only people in the entire place at 12 on a Sunday) and started to look at the food options. about, oh, I'd say .1 nano second into this awesome idea, we asked if we could eat on the patio. "sorry, that's for desert and drinks only". um. wtf? really? so your saying i cant eat my Tapas pork belly sammy out side, but i can eat a freaking cake? really? get the Fawk out'a here. Strike 2. So, not to be an overly rude individual, we say "OK, we'll just sit outside and have a drink then head to Rose and Crown for a bite". they were completely OK with this idea. Again, OK................ ? so the girl asks what we would like to drink, simple: 1 vodka soda, 1 vodka tonic. easy. we go outside, sit down, about 2 minutes late she comes back out and says "were all out of tonic water and cant make either drink". strike 3. Done. i didn't say anything to the girlfriend or the waitress. if my money isn't good enough for you, then neither are my words. Luckily, the GF is even quicker on the draw then I. she was already passing the gate, leaving the place, before i could comprehend wtf this girl was uttering out of mouth. unreal. side note, as we sat on the patio at rose and crown, spending allot of money on liquor (which they gladly accepted) we counted over a dozen people walking into Nobou, and then immediately leaving. not one stayed. i guess the waitress got her wish; to not have to work that day. must have been an epic hangover or something. maybe it wasn't cat pee, maybe it was mustard gas. I'm really not sure. but it was nostril burning, vomit inducing, bad. just thinking about it now give's me nausea.
4	Nice setting with great food. Try the pork belly buns and soft shell crab sandwich.
5	I ate here one evening when I was in town for a conference. Unbelievably wonderful food, every bite. Highly recommended.
5	Most amazing food I have had in a LONG time.  Don't worry about the descriptions on the menu or whether it's too funky for you.  Just order it.  Everything is so different yer flavorful - truly an amazing meal!
5	In 20 words or less: Hamachi with grapefruit, avocado, and white truffle ponzu oil. Just do it. You won't regret it.Great location, cozy ambiance, eclectic wine and spirits menu, and absolutely stellar food. Standouts were the aforementioned hamachi, and eggplant with bacon and red miso. Foie gras with apples and a red wine reduction was a decadent indulgence, and pork belly buns were a filling, comfort food complement to more composed dishes. Service was great; the staff was very knowledgeable and accommodating. A fabulous night out, I can't wait for a repeat visit. Hamachi hamachi hamachi hamachi hamachi!
5	Nobuo has been on my Dining To Do List for sometime and I am very glad that I was able to check it off.  The food was nothing but Amazing!  We started off with Nasu and Teeter Tots.  The Nasu can be served without bacon if you are a vegetarian. We then moved on to the Yellowtail Ceviche and Shiromi Carpaccio.  The presentation of the Yellowtail was perfect and the Shiromi is a not to missed item. It was exceptional! We finished dinner with the Seabass and Mushrooms.   It was perfect for myself and my husband. He enjoyed the Seabass while I focused on the mushrooms.  Not only was the food great but the service was outstanding as well.  I am looking forward to returing to Nobuo in the very near future and bringing a few friends!
5	In an old house across the alley from Pizzeria Bianco, this must be the center of good food in Arizona. There are no two finer restaurants so close in the entire state. We had lunch this time during the Arizona Matsuri and my tonkatsu sandwich was a joyous surprise - tender pork cutlet with traditional tonkatsu sauce and a hint of hot mustard on toasted bread. The soft shell crab sandwich lacked spark but it was fresh and tasty nonetheless. Japanese fries were well cooked and salted just right. Looking forward to returning for dinner.
5	I'm married to a Japanese and work for Japanese company. I've been to Japan I don't know how many times and have eaten well there. This is simply top class, I'd even say special. The style is a kind of fusion ranging from basically pure Japanese to Japanese with some very tasteful western inflections. I'm not in Phoenix often. But this will be on my list every time I go if I have anything to say about it.
5	Lovingly prepared Japanese "appetizers".     There are two similar Izakayas in the Denver/Boulder region so we had something to compare to.     The menu at Nobuo is smaller, but we were impressed by the server and chef taking time to explain the foods and flavors, and you could tell they took pride in getting things just right.    Exotic and delicious food, with service to match.
5	On our recent visit to Phoenix for spring training, we picked this restaurant based on yelp reviews. I'm soo happy the reviews were spot-on! I absolutely loved this place!  Every dish we had was AMAZING! Our top 2 favorites were:- grapefruit and hamachi ($14)- seabass and mushroom dish ($14) We got to sit in the backroom with a coffee table and a couch, which was different from the rest of the restaurant. The ambiance is cozy yet romantic and the service was good too.If I'm in Phoenix again I'm definitely going back!
5	I took my boyfriend here for a special night out, and we were both in heaven.  Everything we ate was utterly mind blowing.  I appreciated that I was trying japanese dishes that haven't been replicated at every restaurant in town.  The location of the restaurant is serene and the perfect compliment to the cuisine.  I cannot wait to go again!
5	Nobuo combines unique, delectable dishes with an intimate, historic atmosphere. The setting is an old turn-of-the-century wooden house called the Teeter House. It's small, but there's darkness and mystery added to the atmosphere. The izakaya style of dining means that the dishes are tapas and are meant to be shared between those in your dining party. The experience at Nobuo is unlike any other dining experience I've ever had. The fact that it was a flawless experience with an atypical meal in an atypical setting makes me happy to award Nobuo with 5 stars.I had late reservations at 9PM and wandered through Heritage Square to get to the Teeter House. I love the fact that the area is surrounded by historic houses built over a century ago. I love going to places with history, which is probably why I love New York and Boston so much. Heritage Square in Downtown Phoenix has converted historic houses into popular eateries. Our table wasn't quite ready when we arrived so we waited outside on some comfy seats on the porch. To be honest, I wouldn't have minded eating our dinner out on the porch looking out into the square, but the tables and rooms inside enhance your experience here at Nobuo. When our table was ready, they came out to get us and they sat us inside right next to the front door with a window to the porch where we were just sitting. Since the restaurant is in a house, there were different rooms that diners could be seated in. The house had the one original restroom, which had a large sink and a new toilet that I'm sure isn't from the 1800's. Our server was friendly and explained to us about the style of dining, izakaya, and that two people typically order 6 dishes. When we finally decided on what we wanted to order, we went with the following dishes:-Kimchi ($6) - By no means was this traditional kimchi... it was even better! More like a salad than anything, but the taste was similar to kimchi. I think the sesame oil made the taste of traditional kimchi less intense, but at the same time even more delicious.-Grapefruit & Hamachi ($14) - An interesting combination of sashimi, grapefruit, and avocado on four separate spoons. The white truffle ponzu oil and grapefruit gave this tasty treat its' bite. Our server told us that the dish was meant to eaten by the spoonful, as in, taken in one bite. The combination was so delicious that I wish they gave us more than four spoons.-Yellowtail Ceviche ($14) - Boy, I feel dumb actually thinking that they would give us traditional ceviche. This dish was much like the Grapefruit & Hamachi in the way they were meant to be eaten. Four separate spoons with yellowtail, myouga, sesame seed, with shredded taro on top. It was amazingly exquisite and I can't even tell you whether the yellowtail ceviche or grapefruit & hamachi was better. They were both put together so well, each of them had their own creative and unique taste.-Seabass & Mushroom ($14) - It came steamed in a neat little paper boat. The seabass was steamed to perfection and was surrounded by enoki mushrooms (I think) in a sake soy sauce. The seabass was good, but the mushrooms in the sake soy sauce made the dish even better.-Pork Belly Wrapped in Banana Leaf ($14) - The Pork Belly and Rice came out baked inside the banana leaf. The rice was sticky and had a great flavor to it. It was the typical white rice and the pork belly wasn't typical either. It was good, but this wasn't my favorite dish of the night.I must say that Nobuo is an experience I'll remember for a long time. I can't even remember that last time I was completely blown away by cuisine and atmosphere. The dishes are pricey, but expect to get a wonderful experience of divine cuisine with an unbeatable ambiance. If you're ever in Phoenix, you must try Nobuo at Teeter House.
5	This meal was really great!  I made a reservation for 6:30 and I'm glad I did because even on a Thursday they were busy.  We were seated right away.  Since the restaurant used to a house it's very cozy intimate.  Our server was really nice and explained the menu to us and gave us a rundown of the specials.  We got:Teeter Tots-these were incredible.  I usually don't like tofu but there wasn't any of that funky tofu taste and the texture was perfect.  They're a total bargain for $6.00 a serving.Yellow tail ceviche-The yellow tail was amazing but I found the citrus to be a little too strong for my taste.House cured salmon-This was by far my favorite, I could have eaten two plates of it alone.  The salmon was perfect, the basil oil was delicious and the soy glazed almonds added a perfect crunch.  They should consider offering the soy glazed almonds on their own, they were absolutely delicious.The sashimi special of Kanpachi-It was really good, it kind of reminded me of himachi with a little bit of a firmer texture.  Their wasabi is also really good.Soft shell crab salad-this was my husband's favorite.  The crab was cooked perfectly and the salad it was served on was delicious and a perfect foil to the crab.  The only issue was when you got down to the bottom of the salad the citrus dressing was a little overwhelming.The tofu chocolate mousse-This was delicious!  I loved the candied orange they served it with and if the waiter hadn't told us I would have never known there was tofu in it.  They serve it with green tea ice cream.  Neither my husband nor I much cared for the green tea ice cream but it's nothing against them we're just not green tea fans.The orange fritters-This was one of the best desserts I've had in a long time.  The fritters were amazing.  They weren't greasy and tasted divine.  I think it was served on a red bean caramel which was insane.  We cleaned the plate and were fighting over it!  It also came with a scoop of jasmine tea ice cream which was unbelievably good.  Even though I wasn't a huge fan of all the dishes I'm still giving them 5 stars and this is why.  The service was impeccable.  Usually when you go to a restaurant like this that serves food in waves the timing is really bad, but their timing was PERFECT.  We never waited more than a couple of minutes for the next wave of food to come to our table after we were done with a dish.  A couple of times the next dish came out within seconds of finishing.
5	Get the pork belly buns. Did you get that?PORK BELLY BUNS.Stop reading this and order them already.
1	Had some time to kill before the Ultimate pleY Date Yelp event, and I'd wanted to share my love of Nobuo's Dark chocolate mousse with green tea ice cream and sugared orange peels with my happy-go-lucky cousin, who has never been here before, so we stopped by at 5:17p to find that Nobuo wouldn't open till 5:30p, so we waited outside in the comfortable patio.After watching a couple of employees add lanterns to their outdoor umbrellaed tables, I noticed the "OPEN" sign on the front door, so we entered the resto, whereupon we were greeted warmly by a male host and shown to a two-top.  I didn't like the energy in that room, so I asked if we could sit elsewhere, and he said to choose wherever we wanted to sit.  We were the first customers, so we chose a four-top, knowing we wouldn't be taking up space for very long, anyway.  Glasses of water were delivered, and soon we met our female server (whose name on the receipt reflected "Butai").  When she laid down the menus, I told her we would only be having dessert and could we see the dessert menu?  I wished we had a video of the look she gave us, a look of pure distaste, as she gathered up the dinner and beverage menus and said "We don't have dessert menus, as we only have two..." and proceeded to tell us of the mousse and the almond-orange fritters.  She walked away, and as we loudly discussed about our losing our interest in dining there, she came back with napkins and utensils and asked if we decided what we were going to have.  I decided to forgo our server's very cold treatment and asked for the mousse.  After all, I'd already finished a glass of ice-cold water and cousin's phone needed recharging...  When Butai placed our chocolate mousse http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=rK8m1rxl50PB69_c2YqQTg#rK8m1rxl50PB69_c2YqQTg on the table, I wanted to send it back.  Where was the lovely bowl and presentation of the last dessert I had here?  Was she serious in presenting us with this stale-looking mousse, with cracked edges and whose green tea ice cream had ice crystals on it?  I don't know about you, but the only times I've seen crystals on ice cream is when it has slightly melted and placed back in the freezer to re-freeze.  For me, seeing crystals on ice cream is a sign that it is old...  I brought the receptacle and showed it to the male host, who assured me that all of the mousse is made daily at 4:00a and seeing cracks and bubbles in the mousse is normal, so I decided we would go ahead and try it, if for nothing else but to have something to report here.  The dessert was definitely not up to par with the pretty bowl http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ#o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ I had during our October OYE in taste and presentation, but it was OK.  The mousse was still cold and stiff, and it had a mouth-feel more of like thick chocolate ganache filling/icing on a cake- certainly not the silky-smooth chocolate decadence I knew it could be.  My cousin had to warm up to the dish, as the sound of chocolate and green tea together didn't seem like a great combo to her (I told her to trust me).  She also never enjoyed orange and chocolate together, but she liked it in this dessert.  I understand that the knowledge of having to serve only dessert instead of dinner AND dessert, which translates to a higher table bill, can be a bit of a disappointment, but why must you show your displeasure to your guests?  Butai, you were lucky that my cousin even left you the change for a tip- she didn't want to give you anything, and you certainly didn't deserve it!  When I told other Yelp friends about the sub-par service and dessert we just had, one replied she didn't enjoy the last time we had apps here (I think it was around Halloween and First Friday?) either.  Cousin and I thought it very poor taste that our server gave us that awful, condescending look after finding out we were just going to have dessert; We didn't deserve that!  I am never going to recommend Nobuo to anyone, anymore.  I even promised my Japanese friend (who lives and works overseas) I'd treat her to a dining experience here when she comes to visit.  Guess I'll have to find another place to take her...  I don't want to risk getting the same treatment from Butai, or from another server should we come back here.  Sorry, Nobuo, but I won't be returning.
4	Visited 5/5/12...In my opinion, this restaurant truly fits the phrase "it is all about the experience."The food dishes we had were outstanding!! I very much enjoyed the food selections including Sugar Snap Peas, Shasito Peppers, Kimchi, Scallops with Strawberry, Seared Tuna,  and Pork Belly.  The last being a must.. Our friends also ordered Sea Bass and clams. My compliments to the chef as each dish had a nice unique taste that is not typical at other places. The setting is very intimate being set in an very old historic home in downtown. The portions are very small!!  And for me, this is disappointing.  Especially when you compare the price to the portion.  Now before anyone wants to respond, I acknowledge that this is about the experience.  And the food was excellent!!   But in these trying times, when I drop almost $100.00 for two for dinner, I at least want to walk out without feeling like I need to hit the closest fast food place. I would go back.  This would be a great place for a quick appetizer type of start.  Go in, experience a couple of dishes that offer a nice fresh change in taste.  Then head out for dinner.  But not a regular type of place for me.  Go here for the atmosphere and experience.  Enjoy some different dishes that taste great.   But find a regular somewhere else. P.S.  Located right next to Rose and Crown.  A nice tavern in a similar style house in the Heritage area.  Great locations for ballparks and convention center.
5	OMFG.  DELISH!  Don't miss this hidden gem in downtown Phoenix.   The food is fabulous and the ambiance is darling (tucked away among the high rises in the historic Teeter home across the street from equally charming and not-to-be-missed Pizzeria Bianco).Nobuo's culinary creations are artfully and beautifully presented.  Each one will have your taste buds BEGGING for more.  Every dish I tasted was, frankly, perfect.  A bite of Nasu (eggplant, bacon, red miso, Tokyo negi) will have you craving another order.  How ON EARTH is eggplant so damn delish???  Grapefruit & Hamachi was light, yet zesty and tasty.   The Big-Eye Tuna Tataki was one of my absolute favorties.  I almost bit the servers arm when she tried to take the plate still smeared with that roast beet puree.  It had the thickness of tomato paste and it was SO GOOD that I wanted to LICK THE PLATE!  I almost ripped the parchment bag keeping us from the Seabass & Mushroom.  The savory broth of garlic-butter, sake and soy will have you fishing for every last solid morsel you can find and searching for a straw to suck up every last drop.  YUMMMMmmmmmm!
5	Great, great food. We had the tasting menu and everything was great! I am Japanese and very picky about japanese food and I loved it.
5	I'm glad I took the trip here on my first day in the Phoenix area. It took me a while looking around to find a restaurant to go to and this place certainly made the effort worthwhile. In fact, I believe this is a must-go place if you are ever visiting Phoenix or its surrounding suburbs. Location and ambiance:It's located in the Heritage Park, so your car actually cannot get anywhere close to the building. You can either do street parking or park in the heritage garage, which I think at least a part of it gets validated (at least that's what it seemed like when the server asked me while i was paying whether or not i parked in the garage). I did street parking and walked through the park, which was rather enjoyable. I didn't find the actual restaurant ambiance all that impressive though but i guess you cant do much when it's inside a historic building. Food:I had an idea of what i wanted to order when i checked their website, but both fortunately and unfortunately, it turned out to be restaurant week in Arizona (yes apparently all of arizona had restaurant week at the same time) and the selection was limited to the restaurant week menu ($40 for three courses) and a otherwise rather dismal selection of the original dinner menu. I had wanted to have the Washyugyu short rib, but they only offered this waguyu beef that wasn't offered as a part the prix fixe menu, and there was nothing on this menu to pair it with, so knowing that their portions are small, i had to go with the fixed price menu, which turned out to be quite good.They start you out with a mixed plate of SNAP PEAS, SHASITO PEPPERS, HOUSE KIMCHI, and a GAZPACHO type SOUP. The kimchi was my favourite, than the soup. The rest were okay.For my first course, I chose the SHIROMI CARPACCIO, which was a white sashimi fish that is served with hot flavoured oil poured on top in front of you and paird with house-made foccacia. The flavour of the oil includes "ginger, yuzu kosho, sesame oil, garlic" and their faccacia is fused with herb. Together, the combination really opens up your appetite. I dont like sashimi, but this I ate all. For the second course, I was suggested the LOBSTER ROLL, since it's not often on their menu. To be honest, I was a tiny bit disappointed since I was promised that it was going to be phenomenal and I got just very good. The lobster roll had minimal mayonnaise (which is good IMO) but it also had more vegetables than lobster. What I did find amazing was that although there appeared to be a lot of celery in there, the flavour did not overcome the dish and you barely taste the celery, just the crunchy texture. I wasn't a fan of the lukewarm sweet bread in place of a real roll. It also comes with a tiny bowl of bisque, which is the sauce they seem to use in the roll as well. The bisque was mediocre, but the fresh chives really added flavour to the whole thing. For the last course, dessert, I got the japanese pastry mix, which came with a BLACK SESAME BRULEE, ORANGE MOUSSE, and a CREAM PUFF. I generally don't like the black sesame flavour, but the brulee was so good I ate every last bite. The Orange mousse was served in an orange peel. At first bite it was a bit too tangy, but the more you ate, the better it taste. It also helped that there were pulp inside the mousse, which gave it amazing texture. I saved the cream pouf for last because it was my favourite. It was your average cream puff but carved in a way that looks like a picnic basket, and served with fresh strawberries , which really kicked the puff up a notch. I loved the fact that this place can take a regular japanese dish and kick it up a notch by adding such simple things. Service:My main server was okay. She wasn't all that nice, but was helpful in suggestions as she took my order. There were 3-4 people that served dishes, took my bill, etc., and they were all extremely friendly and made you feel really welcome. The host who ended up taking my bill was very chatty with me and thanked me for dropping by on my first day in Phoenix. I really hope to come back again in the next few days.
5	Don't sleep on this place it is LEGIT.  I am so thankful restaurant week led me to Nobuo finally.  First Course: Hassun (4 piece sampler anitpasto and sashimi plate) It was amazing Edamame chilled soup and Japanese Kimchi with dried shrimp were the highlights.Sashimi Course:Yellowtail and Grapefruit- Served on a spoon to get it all in one bite.  The flavors were just amazing and paired very well together.  Entree Course:Sea Bass & Japanese Mushrooms Baked in Parchment- This was absolutely AMAZING.  I will go back just for this dish.  I don't even like mushrooms and I don't think there was even one left when I finished this course.  The sea bass was cooked perfectly to chopstick tender perfection.   Then a little rice cake to soak up the sake juices with just really made this the perfect dish.  Dessert Course:Arai Pastry Japanese Desserts- Three desserts from Arai Bakery in Tempe that were a perfect way to finish the meal.  One cream puff with strawberry, a creme de caramel, and a orange mousse served on an orange peel.  I can't wait for my chance to head back to Nobuo to try more of the James Beard award winners cuisine.  It is for sure top notch.
4	The food was amazing and beautifully presented. The atmosphere was clean, quiet, serene.
5	Superb food, so original, even the drinks are so different( in a good way). The hamachi/grapefruit dish was just to die for, it just melted in my mouth. Oh the pork buns!! Cant wait to come back.
4	A nice change of pace in a quiet house in Heritage Square.  Small plates of impeccably prepared dishes. Imagination shows throughout.  Decor is sparse, staff is friendly.  Try the Japanese bacon miso eggplant.
5	I absolutely love what they are doing at Nobuo. We came first for restaurant week and then again last month with family in town. The dining style is like Asian tapas, so you can try small tastes of a variety of food, and wash it down with Japanese beer, sake or cocktails.The finesse and technique applied to the food is remarkable. The textures, layering of flavors and eye for presentation have only been equaled in my AZ dining experience at Binkley's, and that was at 2-3x the price.
4	Nobuo, WOW!  What a dining experience.  I have only had the opportunity to watch such fine sushi chefs on 'No Reservations' and the like, but I would imagine that Nobuo would compare in likes of a different sushi experience.  I was impressed with the food, presentation, taste, and the unique change from the common sashimi and other Japanese fare from other restaurants.  The fifth star is not present, unfortunately, due to service.My wife and I went during restaurant week so the menu was limited, but very delicious to say the least.  I will have to go back to write a complete review on the food items. To start the meal we were given a plate with four items, what I really enjoyed was the Kim Chi from that plate.  Our starters were yellow tail shooters and a plate of white fish (sorry I don't remember the name) topped with a hot oil, WOW to both starters.  For our entree my wife had the pork belly, tasty, but what blew us away was my entree of bass steamed in parchment paper.  These were all accompanied with draft Sapporo and refreshing Sake.  I am not the biggest dessert fan, but my wife did enjoy.Thank you Nobuo we will be back, worth every penny!
2	I hate to write something to the contrary because the service was great but I can definitely say the food was ho hum at best. First there was a slight hint of sewer in the air which threw me off. I am not sure if it's because the area or the seaweed cooking but it was off putting. We had the something with two fried crab puff like pieces and two other hard deep fried pieces that I think they were calling kimchi which my girlfriend liked but was it worth the cost over some two dollar for four crab puffs at a dive I don't think so. We also have the eggplant with bacon paste(pic 18) which was terrible, nothing like a hard raw eggplant with some bacon jelly on it mmmm mmm.  The Coedo beer was great and the dinner came. The fish my girlfriend ordered was super salty and she didn't like it at all. I had the pork belly which I thought was decent but nothing 100 of places do with the same quality of taste. The desert was the some doughnut holes with some green tea ice cream which was ok but again nothing special. Right down the street you can spend 40$ at Rice Paper and be completely satisfied for a lot less than 120$.
4	My wife and I finally got a chance to check out Nobuo after hearing about the place for a while. We had reservations for 8:30 and were seated promptly when we arrived. First this place is very small with several small rooms in a historic house. The decor and the house is worth the trip to the restaurant alone. After looking over the menu and checking our other fellow yelpers we decided on a total of 4 items. We started with the Grapefruit & Hamachi,.  I was simply amazed how good this was! I really do not like grapefruit but this was mouth watering. We then tried the Big-Eye Tuna Tataki and again it was amazing. The tuna was seared to perfection.  Then we moved to the Seabass & Mushroom.  I'm not fond of mushrooms but I found myself eating as much as I could. It was paired wonderfully with the steamed seabass. Finally we went with pork belly with rice. Simply amazing again!This was a wonderful experience. Dining took us just about 1 1/2 hours so it is a total dining experience. I really did like Nobuo. The only reason I'm giving it 4 star is because total for the 4 items and a tea was about $75 with tip. A little pricy. I left satisfied but could have eaten some more for sure!  Anyways I would return here for a special occasion. I wish Yelp would allow me to rate this as 4 1/2 stars.
5	The food without a doubt is ADVENTUROUS, INTERESTING and UNIQUE. Most of the experience was downright MAGICAL. We tried a flight of meticulous made assorted sweet potato spirits all with different aromas and changing flavors. The plates here are very small so you need to order between four to six plates for a couple for dinner. The stand out dishes that we tried were some sort of Carpacci made with fluke and served with foccacia, it was presented and sizzled when the server poured a liquid over it. The KNOCK OUT DISH was the Fried Black Back Sole with blood orange vinaigrette and BONE CHIPS. YES I SAID BONE CHIPS. The flavors and textures were over the top for sure this is a must try dish. The fried bones taste sort of like potato chips but tastier than potato chips.Other dished we tried were all good but didn't stand out like the ones I mentioned above. We tried  dessert  sampler plate. I must be blunt and will just say I most likely WON'T try dessert here again.Nobuo participates on localdines.com so you might want to check that out.This is a very difficult to rate because some plates are so masterful and so creative I feel it's a crime not to give five stars but on the other hand I don't feel all plates are a true five stars. If I figure price point per skill of some of the dishes I lean towards five stars.4.5 stars
5	Simply put, I really enjoyed my experience at Nobuo.During restaurant week I had an opportunity to grab a dinner by myself at a restaurant that was on my list in Phoenix. I was not disappointed.My meal included the seasonal vegetable antipasto with a small cold soup, shishito peppers and I can't remember what else. Everything was tasty and elegant.Then came the sashimi:I opted for the Yellowtail and Grapefruit. It was fantastic. The flavors were delicate and balanced, each bite on an individual soup spoon.Next I slipped in an order of my own; the uni. Again, fantastic.The "big" course was a lobster roll. For those not in the know, this means sandwich, not sushi. It was fantastic, as were the japanese french fries (tossed in nori).Dessert was an orange almond fritter with jasmine tea ice cream. Excellent.I use a shortage of words because the food was that good. My wordy reviews are for mediocre and bad food.The tab with tip and a beer for one person: $85 I will go back.
5	I would have to say Nobuo is my favorite restaurant in town!  My wife and I stopped in on Sat. night without a reservation and we were offered the only seat in the house in the "lounge".  It's a leather couch off of the kitchen in a seperate room next to the bathroom.  Has a fairly large wooden low table to match.  We were good with this!!  How many times do you get to totally chill and chow at the same time eating out!!The staff and the kitchen really took care of us!  Really enjoyed the black sole with bone chips, kumamotos with uni, hamachi, foie, kimchi, squash blossoms, housemade cocktail with lemongrass and ginger, tetaki with beets and my favorite beer, Kohishikari (sp?) Echigo!Chef Nobuo is one of our valley's treasures!!
5	I had many friends suggestion this place and I am so glad they did. The building is a small old home that has been converted and doesn't seat many so be sure to make reservations ahead of time.All the proportions were very small, but with each bite my mouth was filled with an amazing textures combination along with some unique pairs. We had big eye tuna titaki but instead of traditional ponzu sauce they used a red beet puree with a balsamic reduction. simply breath taking. The favorite of the table was the Grapefruit & Hamachi with avocado, white truffle ponzu oilhimatiche. It was served on a spoon and easy to take in one bite. All the textures and truffle to a hint a spicy made this dish very complex. After every course all of us girls had to regain our composure because the food was so wonderful it actual gave us goose bumps at times.I look forward to a trip back out to Phoenix soon and this place will defiantly have my repeat business again!!
5	Probably the best food I have had in Phoenix so far. We ordered the hamachi with avocado and grapefruit, the fish was fresh and did not have a fishy smell or taste. It was like eating butter and I love raw fish with fruits, savory and sweet. Their kimchi was delicious. We also ordered the pork belly with sweet rice wrapped in bamboo leaves. It was so good and I wish I got two servings. We also ordered their fried fish which was delicious, I love whole fish. Their soft shell crab salad was okay, the fried crab was good but the noodles were a little bit too vinegary.  Their meals was adventurous and reminded me of UCHI and UCHIKO back in Austin!
3	Very Americanized....leaving traditional servings and service behind.  Service was good although server struggled in explaining the dishes and ingediants.  Do not expect to see a tradition menu...you will find the menu closer to fusion.  Expensive for what is offered.
5	My boyfriend brought me here for a birthday dinner and wowsers! Afterwards his exact words were 'Holy crap. What a dinner.' I echo his sentiment. I was in Phoenix for a few days and made it to Nobuo two more times - one time for a solo impromtu happy hour and another time for lunch. I just wish I went everyday!!Nobuo bills itself as a Japanese tea house, but I feel like the food is true fusion - various Asian with some European influence. This is mind-blowing to me. It is really hard to truly fuze Asian flavors from different countries and regions together. In fact normally I steer way clear of fusion Asian places. I prefer real Asian food - Japanese, Chinese or Korean and am normally a purist, keep my Chinese food chinese please. But Nobuo!!! Whoa, he is able to mix different ingredients from different regions in one dish and have everything perfect! The flavor, look, presentation, texture.The food alone here blows this place away. Add a bottle of a European white varital at a decent price and good company for an unforgettable evening. The ambiance is beautiful... maybe this is where the 'tea house' theme fits in. The Teeter House is cute and the small rooms give it a very intimate setting. There is also a small bar which was perfect for me to come back solo for a glass of wine and snack.If I described all the food I ate, this review would be WAY too long, but here is the list: watermelon salad, kim-chi, nasu, grapefruit hamachi, shiromi carpaccio, warm duck salad, an oyster/uni, Karei Karaage, tako and tomato, yellowtail ceviche, house-cured salmon, fritters w/red bean. From the lunch menu: soft-shell crab sandwich, pork buns (w/pickled mustard greens - yum!), Thai-style shrimp salad. Everything was great... If I was pressed and I could only order a couple of items - I would get the hamachi, yellowtail and shiromi carpaccio.I have a feeling this place may appear in my dreams. I'm also tempted to find any excuse for a weekend trip to Phoenix just to come back.
5	So let me start off by saying that when I looked at this place, I looked at it through they eyes of a chef from the SF Bay... I wondered if a 28 Zagat rating in Phoenix is the same as in SF... I can't speak for other places, but in the case of Nobuo at Teeter House, it absolutely does! I would put that food up against anything I've eaten out here, or could make myselfI was there with my girlfriend for her birthday... we arrived a few minutes early for our reservation which wasn't a problem for them (which is always nice) Our waiter was super friendly and conscious but not overbearing... he was greatWe got a couple of cocktails (both were really good) with our starters... let me back up... we got starters, small bites and hot dishes... We got kimchi, the watermelon salad and nasu... I love kimchi, i could eat it with every meal... but theirs was great... the watermelon salad was exceptional... the nasu was something special... after the first round of starters we ordered a bottle of wine and got down to our our meal... we started with the grapefruit hamachi and the shiromi carpaccio... i am not a fan of truffle oil... usually people overdo it because "oh my god, it's truffle oil... it's so good!!!" they used enough on the hamachi that it would be there, but not there... just enough to accent the dish. I do however love yuzu and they used it brilliantly on the carpaccio... next we ordered entrees... the warm duck salad and karei karaage. The warm duck salad was simple, but lovely... grilled escarole is really nice when it's charred, but not cooked to much... not everyone likes the bitterness of the leaf, but it was a nice accompaniment to the duck and the sauce... the karei karaage was something else... first, it looked really cool... they fried the bones and made a basket to hold the pieces of fish... nice touch... also you can eat the bones, which were great, and the sauce was cool and refreshing. after this we were still hungry... we overheard "oysters and uni" so we asked our waiter about the oysters and got those, along with tako and tomato. The oysters were along the same lines as all the other food... the octopus however, was a complete departure from the rest of the menu... which was not a bad thing at alloctopus, tomato and mozzarella belongs somewhere from Spain to Greece (just change the kind of cheese)... having it at an Japanese influenced restaurant was a pleasant surprise, and shows the outlook of the chef... that it doesn't matter where the food comes from, if it works, use it! Yay!I can not say enough good things about Nobuo at Teeter House. I hope I am lucky enough to someday own a restaurant like this.  Thank you! Thank you!
5	We didn't have one dish that wasn't a party for your mouth. We had four sceptics at the table making fun of the portions, but after one taste, it was a free for all of ordering. The flavors and textures were at once delicate and intricate. The only disappointment was that we didn't order a second Soft  Shell Crab Salad. Unforgettable. Don't be afraid to try anything; unused parts of your brain will thank you. I don't think it should be classified as Japanese or a tea house, but if that's why we could still get in, I guess it's good. p.s. drink sizes were generous
4	Let me first start off by saying I was skeptical.  I had no idea what to expect and after reading a ton of reviews, we thought we would give it a shot. Located in an old converted home in Heritage Park right across from Pizzeria Bianco the place is small and intimate and just an experience in and of itself.Now for the food.  Where do I begin?  Tapas (small plates) style, and community (share) the experience is in ordering from each section of the menu.We started with the Kimci and Nasu.  The Kimci is a Napa cabbage cold plate that will rock your world; a little sweet, a little spicy it was a great way to start.  The Nasu is an eggplant with a bacon marinade of sorts on top and while I am describing it poorly it was truly delishous.  Amazing!!Next was the Yellowtail Ceviche.  This WAS OUT OF THIS F'ING WORLD.  Inexplicable but so, SO GOOD.  Next was 2 off the menu plates, chicken and Wagyu beef short ribs.  The ONLY REASON this place does not get 5 stars is 2 of the 3 different types of chicken were mediocre.  The wasabi grilled chicken was pure wasabi on grilled chicken.  The 2nd was a panko fried chicken, which was moist and delishous but nothing amazing, HOWEVER the 3rd chicken was an orange peel fried chicken that way just so good beyond words.Lastly, the Wagyu beef short ribs were so so so amazing, I mean, I never wanted the taste to leave my mouth.The service, very good Juan (our server) was very attentive and very helpful as it was our first time there...but it most definitely will not be our last...oh and THEY VALIDATE FOR PARKING ;)
4	Came here with a small group for Restaurant Week. Beautifully presented dishes including exceptional tuna sushi mi in beet sauce,  watermelon salad, kim-chi, nasu and grapefruit hamachi. Absolutely heavenly.The slightly overcooked lobster and  raman noodles were good too but disappointing by comparison . I could take or leave the sweetly marinated black cod, but wifey loved it. The wine menu is limited and not all the wines listed were present for consumption. Spirits are limited...no whiskey and one bourbon label. Specialty drinks are nothing special. The beers are Japanese only.  I ordered by bottle size. The 22oz. bottle won.The ambiance is plain, with small noisy rooms and no wall decor. Where is the ambiance that people are writing about?  Old house, small rooms, lots of tables, painted plasterboard. Gee, how quaint. I can cook with generous amounts of sesame oil and fresh ginger too, but there really are some savory dishes to be enjoyed here.  Is it worth the $$$$?  I think for a very special occasion or date, that it is.There is a parking garage around the corner. Get your ticket validated by your server.
4	Too much cost for not enough eats in my bookThe place has amazing flavors and the menu is like no other I've seen in phoenix. The beers are imported and haven't even heard of some having lived in japan. Love the location. Love the vibe. Love the tapas style eating. Just be prepared to cash out.
4	this is a must try if you are in town for a short visit like us. lovely setting at a cute old house. cozy and hip. the watermelon appetizer is very refreshing and summery. a little mint, yummy goat cheese with a hint of grapefruit. grapefruit & hamachi is a beautiful dish. only wish the grapefruit was a bit smaller since it is a little overpowering given hamachi is such a mild fish. loved the soft shell crab salad. fresh, great favor salad dressing, a perfect mix of texture in the salad. if you feel adventurous, the pork belly in banana leaf is a must try! i grew up on this stuff and this is the best one I've ever had in the US. perfectly crispy crust, melt in your mouth tender and juicy... the rice absorbs the intense flavor from the pork... oh heavenly!
4	My husband and I really enjoyed the food at Nobuo.  It was refreshing to find a restaurant like this in Arizona.  We had the okra, squash blossom, house-cured salmon, tuna tataki, oysters, sea bass and the chocolate tofu mousse with green tea ice cream.  Everything was fresh, delicious, and nicely presented.  My favorite was the big-eye tuna tataki. The roasted beet puree was a perfect accompaniment to the tuna.  My hubby most favored the oysters.  My only real criticism of this place was the exceptionally slow service.  They bring out one item at a time and there was a substantial wait between each dish.  If you are at all hungry, or if you have plans afterward, the wait time will certainly annoy you.  I would suggest that Nobuo change this policy and bring out a few items together.  Or time it such that the next item is ready to go after you finish the first.  I noticed other tables getting bothered by the long wait time as well.  Another suggestion I would make is for the restaurant to spend a little more time with the decor.  If they updated their look a bit, they would move from being a great restaurant to a superior restaurant.  We sat in the part of the restaurant with the blue walls, and it was a bit drab.  But do go to Nobuo for the cuisine, you won't regret it!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Arizona. Fabulous food is masterfully prepared.  I love everything about Nobuo; the quirky little rooms, the location and  the vibe- and of course the food, the food, the food.
5	the ceviche was a delight. We went here for our anniversary, and were not disappointed at all. Everything was fresh and delicious
5	I had a birthday dinner with my twin at Nobuo while I was in Phoenix for business.  Chef Futaka exceeded my expectations in every way.  He personally came and explained the tasting menu to us.  It was the most personal eating experience that I had.  He discussed where all the food was sourced from to our delight.  I couldn't believe the chicken was fed parmesan cheese and yogurt!  No wonder it was so tender.  I felt like I was on Top Chef seeing the amazing food and to be able to ask the Chef questions about it.  At one point, he even demonstrated the difference between fresh and store bought bonito flakes for us.  This was one component of a dish that I was curious about.  This is not a typical Japanese restaurant where sushi was served.  It's surprising that it's in Phoenix and would've fit right in the NYC food scene.  The dishes was inventive, thoughtful and really a joy to see and taste. The best part of the night was when Chef Futaka surprised us with a personal chocolate cake made by his pastry chef for our birthday.  Wow!  Most restaurants just put a candle on a regular menu desert but the restaurant actually made a cake for us as a surprise.  I highly recommend this restaurant for special occasion or just a good night out.
5	One of the top five meals of my entire life. Top five most enjoyable. Top five most unusual. Top five most delicious. Top five most memorable. Words cannot describe the unique presentation, creative combinations and tantalizingly tasty creations here at Nobuo.....if tou have a chance to dine here, don't miss it!
4	What I Ate- 80 percent of the menuMy Favorites- warm duck salad- Washyugyu short rib- soft shell crab saladWould I Go Again?Let me begin by clarifying that Nobuo scores a "5" in quality, presentation, and creativity.  If I were a judge on Chopped, I would have "chopped" the other three chefs after the appetizer round.  The restaurant had a great atmosphere, and each tapas-style dish was very good.  So why did I rate Phoenix's #1-rated, Beard-award-winning restaurant only a 4?!  Simply because sushi isn't really my thing.
3	came here during restaurant week... it was honestly not the best food I've had. maybe because my expectations for Asian food were a bit high.
2	Beware if server spills a beer in the roomWent a while ago.  Their small plates are SMALL.  Service should be better considering.  The table that got sat after us was older, and they got better explanations of everything when they got sat.  We had to ask.  The clams were really good, the black cod was just okay, only had like 4 tiny pieces, but the sauce was yummy.  Their kimchi tasted like a white person version...not supposed to be offensive.  4 tables in the room we were in.  Acoustics were awful, sound bounced everywhere and was kinda loud and echoey.  Plus I like oldies music but didn't go with the place.  Also didn't care for our server.  She seemed like she was trying really hard at being one of those trendy hipster type people but just came across like a snob with a working man's complex
4	I liked it.  Cute house and a great location with a patio design reminiscent of a redneck picnic. Cinder blocks and 2x4s as furniture are effective but are a sign of cheapness in a place that wasn't cheap.  That said, it was a welcome change to a few days of hotel catered buffets. Had the pizza type garbage plate style thingy with an obviously difficult name that I struggled through and almost instantly forgot. The flavor was bold and reminded me a little bit of a kimchi pancake with the heavy brown sauce. Service was great - we ate alone essentially not a lunch crowd type place I guess - went at exactly noon on a Wednesday.
4	James Beard award winner. Another JB award winner across the street (Pizzeria Bianco).I loved this place. A cool little Japanese tea house and small plates establishment with a lot of character. Chef Futaka is a very gracious host and greeted us on arrival and departure as well as chatting with us for a few minutes about various dishes.  Dessert was amazing (I'm leaving that a secret) and ambiance is intimate and quiet - service was exceptional. Highly recommended.
3	I tried to think of an interesting, intellectual, and unique word to describe Nobuo but all I could think of was, "meh". The food was unique but not special. It was eerily similar to blue hound in that it was a funky weird. The tater tots I must say were very Meh, two stars. The Japanese fries Meh, two stars. The ox tail house special was extra Meh, bland tuff, sadly weird. The eggplant was good, i think because there was bacon in the sauce, 3 and 1/2 stars. The grapefruit and himachi was the best dish: mind you I'm not fond of avocado, grapefruit, or Himachi but this dish worked well, 4 and 1/2 stars.A young lady was our server and she was really meh. At a restaurant that serves unique dishes the server should be extra helpful and knowledgeable and she was neither. It seemed as though she didn't want to be there. The restaurant was basically empty on a Friday night at 730, not a good sign.Do I regret going, no. Will I return, no.
5	If you're expecting sushi, turn around and leave.We tried several dishes and all of them were from above average to really good. A pretty solid kitchen with a good selection of food. I tried probably 7 or 8 dishes and left the place pretty satisfied (food, quality and price wise).The bass was probably my favorite.The two highlights of the night were the tea and desert.The tea had a toasted flavor which was unique and delicious and the desert (we had chocolate mousse and bread pudding) and both of them were outstanding. The intimate ambiance and setting is pretty nice for a conversation (friends, romance, business) although the service was just OK (in this kind of places I always expect an exceptional service).Highly recommended.
5	What a find!  Maybe being from out of town helped me appreciate Nobuo a bit more. First, the restaurant is in a restored bungalow residence. An extremely quaint reception and the space restricts the number of tables and provides focus on the food. The entry is warm, although, I don't think I would want to be seated in the single foyer table. Tonight I was flying solo so I ate at the bar. They go out of their way to explain the dining experience. I had read the menu prior to going but I'm sure they've had people coming in looking for a sushi bar. I love how the small plate revolution is invading the American dinig experience. After traveling through Spain, I gained an appreciation not just for the breadth of different options it creates, but also for the group experience. Anyone who eats with me knows that if it's on your plate, it's fair game for me to taste. The small plate restaurant just legitimizes that and gives you a ticket to the show too. While they have an extensive sake list, I opted for an Orion to start. My first plate was the kimchi and dried shrimp. Amazing and I would attack anyone trying to hon in on this little wonder. Order your own!  The cabbage has been wonderfully spiced and aged sufficiently to let the flavors get naughty with each other. Add to that a portion of dried shrimp and red pepper to add a salty and spicy component to show. I followed up with the Tako and Tomato. Another solid dish with house made mozzarella, fresh tomato and a lucious piece of tender grilled octopus. Finally, I completed the event with a Yellow Tail Cerviche. They allow their Cerviche to cure individually and the hamachi was a perfect protien to pickle. The services was as thoughtful and outstanding as their attention and respect for the food.
5	Nobuo At Teeter House is one of the places I can go to to experience wonderful exciting magical foods that are unlike any foods I'd ever prepare at home. The shochu (Japanese Vodka like liquor) flights are interesting and fun to try because they are made in a careful meticulous way and not just poured in your glass. The shochu flights have different aromas and changing flavors and you need to just sip them very slowly threw your dining.Everything we had was more wonderful than I can describe but everything is also very small plates that are meant to be shared. You might need to order between two though four plates a person depending on what you pick.Both the dishes on the cold plate menu we tried really were like fireworks in your mouth. They were so layered with many very good flavors. This time we tried the Grapefruit and Hamachi that tasted magical and the Carpaccio that tasted and looked magical. The carpaccio comes out with someone pouring a boiling steaming oil on it and they bring you out the smallest amount of the tastiest focaccia bread to soak up the insanely delicious remaining goodness on the plate. They were so good it will be a hard decision to try something different next time.One of the more adventurous dishes is the Fried Black Cod orange vinaigrette and BONE CHIPS. This meal has lots of flavor and the bone chips are far more tasty than any potato chip that you ever put in your mouth. My only criticism is that this was an even smaller fish than I had last time with only one piece of bone chips instead of the three pieces I had last time.Service was gracious and outstanding.I enjoyed my meal here very much but I don't think Nobuo at Teeter House is for everyone because the plates are very small and most of the plates are mostly protein with a small amount of vegetables. Rice is not served with the meals because it is not traditional in Japan when you drink Japanese spirits since they might be made of rice.Nobuo at Teeter House participates on local dines dot com and you can save a good amount of money if you take advantage of that.
4	A M A Z I N G. The reason for my lunch was a  "farewell" celebration, as I had previously considered a friend's review that this place was not good. Obviously this person has no taste...My soft shell crab sandwich and tofu tots were fantastic. I'm already craving a second sandwich. Will definitely return for dinner.
5	if you are one of those people that are usually unimpressed with restaurants because you can probably make the food better at home, get ready for a treat! this is one of the best restaurants i've been to. highly recommend the pork belly, grapefruit hamachi, wagyu beef, and sea bass in parchment.  I eat here about once a month and the only dish I wouldn't order again is the eggplant appetizer. everything else has been an absolute winner.the food is "tapas" style small plates, and is not cheap, so if you're coming hungry & expect to leave full, prepare your wallet.also, the menu changes based on the season & availability of ingredients, but their website isn't always up to date, so don't get your heart set on the menu items on their website.
5	Went here with some friends before going to the opera (yes, I know that sounds pretentious but hey, the truth) and if you are going to some event at 7:30 then let them know as they speed up the rate the items come out. What I would recommend, because of the cost, is that you make Nobu the focus of the evening because this place is designed for a long, lingering dinner, over several hours. One can certainly pick various small plate items but next time I go, I'm ordering the tasting menu.The service is wonderful, the food is fresh and overall excellent...the only thing that stood as needing improvement was the duck breast, in one of the items, which was tougher than duck breast should be but everything else was wonderful. Based on the recommendation of my fellow yelpers, I did the Shochu flight and sipped them slowly and yes, that is worth ordering. I also like that the restaurant is located in a classic old house and in Japan, during the Edo period (I went to Japan this year and learned all about the Edo period, so forgive me), the homes were also made out of wood so it is sort of a connection back to classic Japanese architecture.You'll pay for the experience here but if you have the cash, definitely worth it!
5	Great Japanese food experience, but in a old Victorian era home!
4	Such a cute, quaint little place!  It's a house converted into a restaurant in Heritage Square in downtown Phoenix.  It's a great place to come for tea.  However, there are very few food items on the menu and they are mostly appetizers.  I would not come here for a meal but rather some tea and a snack.
5	Sad that it took me so long to try Nobuo. Sushi isn't my absolute favorite, but I do enjoy it - and at Nobuo, it is nothing short of incredible.We started out with heirloom cauliflower that was on the small bite menu. It was nice and simple, roasted and served with a sesame dressing. I love that everything is Tapas style so you can try several dishes. Next was the grapefruit & hamachi - this is heaven in your mouth!!! Perfectly portioned in large spoons with avocado and white truffle ponzu oil, it was the best dish of the night. We then went into the warm dishes, the warm duck salad. There was quite a bit of duck, served nearly rare. It was great, had some smokey elements to it because of the grilled greens. I think next time I'd opt for the seabass & mushroom - the table next to us was raving about it. Our final dish was the shiromi carpaccio which was incredible, they poured hot oil at the table over the top so it seared the meet. PERFECTION! Then a few minutes later they bring out warm focaccia so you can use the oil and seasonings to dip the bread.Dessert was a pumpkin flan with Chinese 5-spice ice cream. The perfect end to the night. Polished off with a bottle of Sake and you've got yourself a perfect evening in a beautiful historic home turned restaurant.
5	OMG! Foodie heaven. Michelin star good. Just go.
3	My lackluster review is based mostly on staff interaction as well as lunch.I came in right as the restaurant opened and they were shamefully unprepared. The server/host looked like he had just finished taking a huge bong rip (whatever dude, if you need it) and was SHOCKED to see someone walk into the restaurant. SHOCKED. Sorrrrryyyyy you said you were open? There was also an issue with what I ordered, the food wasn't in or ready yet. Again - if you're open, be open. If not, open a half hour later.The pork buns were great, very good. The decor was very cool. In a little bit of a weirddddddd place? But I dig it.
3	The atmosphere at Teeter House is great, it's perfect for a date night. I would not recommend nor do I think they can accommodate large parties. The food was OK nothing to carry on about...although I am a fan of the Teeter tots! I will give it a second chance next time I'm out with my special lady!
1	I saw a 4.5 star review for this restaurant and just went there for lunch today. Very disappoint. Food was ok, but service was terrible.
5	Spectacular splurge meal in PHX. The experience was unique and cool, eating in an old house in what i think is a historic district. The service was superb. Food variety, quality, and presentation were amazing. I am always a little concerned whether I will leave satisfied with a tapas meal comprised of small plates, but not a problem here. We left pleasantly full. I am pretty sure the restaurant arranged my selections to come out in the best order to ensure a proper, rounded meal with the heartier options coming out last and really hitting the spot!We had a hard time narrowing down to the recommended 2-3 plates per person, with all the great options available. We were happy with the amount of food and quality of our 7 plates but could easily come back and pick out 4-5 more that sounded great for next time. We ended up spending about $150 for 2, including the most expensive beers on the menu and all 3 specials of the day. Totally worth it! I can vouch for these as great choices:- grapefruit & Hamachi - duck salad - oxtail (was a special not on menu)- yellowtail ceviche- kimchee For dessert we had green tea ice cream served on chocolate mousse - very interesting and refreshing. If you make this your splurge on a vacation or special occasion, you will not regret it!
5	holy omfg you dont even understand i had the ebi salad which was really embarassing bc i didnt know if it was pronounced like "E-B" or "eh-B" you dig? but it was freaking magical like you know when you eat magic beans you just want to die youre so happy? thats how i was omg the shrimp was like perfectly spicy to the point i was like whoo but then the salad noodle thing was like perfectly crunchy idk im not a real critique i just love food anyways the waiter dude was cool slightly creepy but yolo um it was a little expensive like $32 i think idk i didnt pay but we got the Teeter Tots, which were effing weird if you asked me idk ive never had had anything like it before, and my uncle got like this sandwhich thing idk i was too focused on my food to ask but they gave him cole slaw which is so effing gross who the f likes that ish seriously parking sucks btw other than that i loved it but on the real have you ever had food thats so great that you want to eat like a caveman w/out utensils but you cant bc youre at like this nice restaurant idk thats how i felt k bye xoxo follow me on twitta @korynneeeeeoh ps there was literally no one else there o.O i felt like i was in a ghost town and it was lunchtime sooooo idkkk
5	One of the best meals I have had in recent memory. Preparation on every dish was perfect and the ingredients were super fresh. (Being someone that spends hours in the kitchen, I see far too many restaurants fail at perfect execution.) We had a party of six and the staff was very accomadating to making dishes divisible by putting in 1 1/2 orders of things at times. I've been wanting to go to Pizza Bianco (rated among the best pizzas in the US) across the street for a couple years now, and was more than happy to just look at Bianco through the window while we enjoyed this incredible meal. Just wish we lived closer.
5	I will just start by saying I love Nobuo at Teeter House! I mean this restaurant is A-MAZING! I was in Phoenix for a conference for a few days, I am SO glad that I checked out this establishment. It was a Friday night around 9:20pm. I came with two friends after shopping in Scottsdale. There weren't too many people as it was near their closing time. We were seated quickly. I looked around for a bit, the restaurant certainty lives up to its name: it is in a house! I really like this unique setup and the ambience is pretty upscale. Our server seemed very nice and was knowledgeable about the items on the menu. I wanted to order the pork belly with steamed buns but was told the steamer left for the day and it was for lunch only. So I ordered the pork belly wrapped in banana leaves and the Japanese kimchi. My two friends ordered a shrimp and a fish dish. I have to say that I loved the pork belly. It came in a very nice presentation wrapped in banana leaves. The pork was very tender and juicy. The rice that came with the pork was very tasty too. Oh, let me comment on the Japanese kimchi please. It is out of this world good. Like what our server told us, the Japanese kimchi is fresh so it is very different and a million times better than the Korean version. I let my friends have some of my pork belly. Both of them raved about it. My friend's fried shrimp came with some veggie in the middle. He shared some with us, it was very good I must say. The other friend liked her yellowtail too but the portion seemed a little small to me.We left the restaurant very satisfied. The food was so good that i was still thinking about it the next day. Man, I wish I had more time in Phoenix so I could go there again. The restaurant is a little on the pricy side but I think it is definitely worth it for the quality of food and atmosphere. BTW they can valid parking but not valet parking though which we paid $10. Overall, it is one of the best Japanese restaurants I've visited across the country. Actually scratch the Japanese, it is one of the best restaurants i've visited by far. I'd come here everyday if I could. It is THAT good!!!
5	Great service and even better food. Grapefruit hamachi and 3 mushroom sea bass. Enough said.
3	There are some good dishes here. PRICEY but good. The atmosphere is nice too like a little intimate tea house or something.I feel that for the amount of food for the money, it's not worth it. They do serve some food that no other place serve. I can't remember but I think Okonomiyaki or some sort of pork bun was one of them. But again, the portions are small for everything and pricey.The water tastes fantastic by the way. I don't know where they get their water but you should go in to get a glass of water if you have the chance!
1	"Waitress has severe asthma attack"Nobuo has the ambiance of an urban chic Japanese tea house which contradicts the Victorian Teeter House exterior.  Nonetheless, it looked like a fun place to grab lunch so in we went.  We had very high expectations because of all the reviews. We stopped by for a quick lunch downtown and were greeted by an obviously overwhelmed waitress who directed us to the bar since no other tables were available. The place really didn't appear very busy, but she was the only server.  She gave us a drink menu and when she came by the next time she informed my wife that all the iced teas were unavailable.  She loves tea, so this wss a big disappointmet.  Instead my wife asked for another drink, after which the server promptly walked off without taking my drink order too.When she stopped by later we placed our order and she stuck around long enough to hear what I wanted to drink. The menu looked pretty tasty and creative, but sadly they were out of the watermelon sunomono, which I really wanted to try. After 10 minutes of waiting for drinks and food we heard crying from the back.  We never saw our waitress again. The kitchen staff started serving tables, but they clearly lacked experience on the computer/register.   It was at this point that we decided to leave. We didn't get any food or drinks and there was no one around to validate our parking either.Update: The "nervous breakdown" was apparently a severe asthma attack.
5	Amazing.....One of my most memorable meals ever
2	Food was great but crazy overpriced...  They just opened at 5:30pm and we arrived at that time, the couple next to us arrived a couple minutes later and was told their order would take at least 90 minutes. Why? They just opened, so I asked our server if ours would take that long and he said "no" so we continued to order.  The food truly was great but the prices were way too high for what you get.  I understand "tappas" style and like the sharing idea of food but when each dish is 16-20 dollars and you only get a few bites you're not a fan of sharing.
5	Out of town family wanted an interesting lunch....downtown, no less!  Nobuo has been on my wanna do list for awhile.  We arrived on a quiet Tuesday and had the undivided attention of our waiter.  He recommended a starter.  I can only describe it.  The presentation was 4 spoons with artfully arranged food on them.  The waiter said, "Eat it in one bite." The experience was quite unusual.  Various delicious flavors developed in my mouth as I realized my bite had liquified. Then on to my softshell crab sandwich.  It also was close to perfect. The sauce made it rise above.  I wouldn't call it spicy, or smoky ...just incredible.  I didn't believe I had room for dessert, but 1 dessert and 3 spoons was doable.  The choice was pumpkin flan with 5 spice ice cream.  I tasted the flan.  It was good.  But then I tasted the flan with the ice cream on top.  Again, all the flavors orchestrated a food experience in my mouth.  The sum was better than the parts!  Our lunch was so much more than we could have expected.  What a great experience.  Now Nobuo at Teeter House is on my must return list!
4	First impression as you enter is simple yet sophisticated.  Amazing decor.  Very tasty vegetarian options.  My date ordered a dish with some sort of shaved fish on the top that undulated....At first I thought that the lights were flickering but no this food was moving but not alive.  Freaky but in a good way
5	have been there for both lunch and dinner, i would give it a 4.5 star, but since it is a fairly special place i am giving it a 5 now.The lunch was probably the best you can imagine. Great food, good service, and very reasonable price. All the dishes there taste so good, i don't even know what to recommend, basically just try anything you feel like.However, dinner was way more expensive. We only ordered three small dishes and that was already 60 dollars... Sashimi was just so so. The other two dishes are better but still a little bit pricey for what they are .So basically i would recommend it for lunch, and try out their non-traditional japanese food, you will be surprised.
4	I joined a friend of Mine here for Her birthday dinner. Reservations had to be made so I assumed it was pretty upscale. Especially after reading the reviews.The Pro's: atmosphere is simple yet intimate and sophisticated.  Server was knowledgeable over the entire menu. Including the wine list.Food was heavenly! Felt like I was showcasing dishes from Iron Chef or some other food challenge show. Like a food orgasm of flavor and textures in My mouth!!!The Con's; small portions & extremely pricey!We easily spent $70 per person.Parking was confusing! No street parking, parking garage around the block. Teeter House will validate so make sure to take your ticket with you. Food prep time was a bit long (over 30 minutes).Overall GREAT upscale dining experience, Great for a nice date nite. Just make sure your date has some class & some cash....
5	I have been here twice, and both times were amazing. The atmosphere is simple yet polished. You could enjoy it dressed down or up. The restaurant feels like it wants you to just enjoy the meal. The service was fantastic. Everyone was attentive and knew the menu. Most importantly, the food is exquisite and worth every penny. Yes, it can be expensive and the portions small, but every dish highlights the flavors and textures of all its ingredients, which are fresh and sometimes local. If you're worried about cost, go with a friend and split it down the middle. You'll have more bang for your buck and still walk out satiated. Hands down the best Japanese in Phoenix.
5	Very nice experience, the Pork Belly Buns are great and the warm duck salad was everything a salad should be: good,complex and varied texture.This was our first visit and it certainly won't be our last.The restaurant is housed in a lovely older home that was moved to this location ( Heritage Square, in downtown Phoenix) to remind us what the city was like in the past. Lots of small rooms makes it feel like a private dining experience.
4	My friend and I went here after a long day of classes. It's right across the path from Pizzeria Bianco, another amazing Downtown Phoenix restaurant. My friend had the Panko-Fried Soft Shell Crab Sandwich, I did not try it, but he really enjoyed it. Although, it was pretty small for the price, and the "side" of coleslaw, while really tasty, was hardly a side.. more like a little dollop. & the sandwich itself was pretty small as well. I had the Okonomiyaki, it was by far one of the weirdest things I have ever had, but damned if it wasn't delicious. The first couple bites I had to figure out what the heck I was even eating, and I wasn't sure 'till about halfway through that I even liked it. It was THAT weird. It was salty, with a little crunch, and had a lovely light mayo drizzled on top. YUM! I would recommend the more adventurous eater to try this, it definitely is not for everyone. I did find a small fish bone in mine, but it is made in house, so I wasn't too mad about it, haha. We also split a little pot of ginger & Jasmine tea because they were out of the one we originally wanted, bummer. The place was dead when we went, but the music was AMAZING, and the paint and decor of the place was so cute! I loved it, it was very my style, but some may not enjoy it, it was very plain, but again.. my style. I'd recommend going during dinner, I hear it's more lively then.
5	Amazing food! So glad we gave it a shot- the prices almost scared us away... Very fun food, not a place for the picky eater. We will definitely be back.
5	I have had dinner and lunch at Nobuo, and everything has been phenomenal.  Since I've not had a single dish here that wasn't excellent, I'll just let you all know about some of my favorites.  For lunch, the Pork Belly Buns are a great choice.  Off their summer veg menu, the squash blossoms are terrific, and the watermelon with goat cheese is a good way to finish a light lunch.Off the dinner menu, Tako and Tomato (tender, grilled octopus) is a favorite, and Grapefruit & Hamachi (also available at lunch) is everything you would ever want in a bite of sashimi.  And the Coconut Curry Lamb is one of the best lamb chops I've ever had.
2	Service was great, and we tried several dishes - all were ok, but not great (did we order the wrong things??). The portions were VERY small and very pricey - $18 for 6 bites of food is never a good thing. Honestly - when we were done with our 3 small plates & 2 beers (and spent almost $100) we went across the street to Bianco to have a pizza - we were so hungry!!
5	Great food and great atmosphere! We will definitely be coming back.
5	Chef Nobuo is a genius.  The meal I had last week was one of the best I've ever had in my entire life... and I've eaten at several Michelin starred restaurants.  Fantastic!
5	I had one of the finest meals I've ever had at this restaurant, and the setting is quite gracious.
1	Are you serious ?? This is not even a 2 star "Japanese" Tea House... Starter : Tako Age ,  How's that special? It's just a mouthful of fried flour.Cold dish: Yellow Tail Ceviche , This is just Ok as the grapefruit juice is too sour that cover the freshness of the fish . Main Course: Washyugyu ... OMG... how you can make these tasty beef not even juicy at all...  Or is it just a new way people like wasting $ here? My bill comes to ~$ 60 and, to be honest, why don't just go to ShinBay for a 3 courses meal?  Don't even put Japanese food on your category. THIS IS NOT JAPANESE FOOD AT ALL. AVOID, YELP is unreal for this restaurant
3	If cost is of no concern, and you don't mind spending $4 per bite, then this restaurant is the one for you.  The food (or more correctly, each bite) tasted phenomenal, and you can see and taste the attention to detail and the creativity in each dish.  So to be fair, you're not just throwing away your hard-earned money.  I just wish there was more on each plate to enjoy and savor.  Like I said, the whole meal was excellent, and the venue and ambiance are both extraordinary (old bungalow converted to restaurant, so you're eating in small rooms that hold 4 or 5 tables each at most).  Very intimate, cozy, and relaxed.  All of the cold courses were great - hamachi with grapefruit, grilled octopus with tomato and mozzarella (it somehow all worked together), and the oysters with uni.   Ordered several warm dishes, with the warm duck salad surprisingly being the best dish of the whole night.  I was a little hesitant to order the salad because it just sounded a little weird, but it's absolutely a must-get.  The grilled greens imparted a smoky flavor to the dish, and paired with the rare duck, this salad has to be one of the best dishes in the city.  The sea bass cooked in parchment was just okay, and only had 5 or 6 forkfuls at most.There were also a couple of Japanese single-malt whiskeys that were pretty decent.  Do you know which country produces the most single-malts in the world after the #1 producer (Scotland)?  Nice upscale experience, nice atmosphere, great delectable dishes, and great drinks, but very expensive.  Is it worth it?  Sometimes you just can't put a price on awesome food served in unique ways in a unique environment.  All I know is, we scooted on over to Bianco right after paying the bill and polished off a couple of pies each.  Two great restaurants right next to each other, with each chef being skilled and masterful in his own right, but only one leaving me fully satisfied.
1	I'm from out of town... Looking to get great sushi for lunch. I went to this restaurant based on excellent yelp reviews. Boy...what a disappointment. Virtually no sushi selection for lunch. So if you're craving for a lunch sushi, go somewhere else. I ended up ordering the soft shell crab sandwich. Absolutely nothing to write home about.
4	I came to Phoenix for a one-week business trip and dined solo, which was actually easy excluding the social aspects. I was free to eat anywhere I desired without worrying about dietary restrictions or preferences of dining companions. Nobuo at Teeter House was my first meal in Phoenix. I was directed to this restaurant from positive reviews rating it as a "5-star cuisine". After all, the owner Nobuo Fukada from Tokyo received the acclaimed James Beard Award in 2007. Since Nobuo is considered to be the #1 Japanese restaurant in the area, I feared encountering a busy dinner crowd. Therefore, I made a reservation at the earliest dinner slot, 5pm. I nervously called ahead to confirm that bar seating was available. Then, I jumped in my car and roared out to downtown Phoenix. When I arrived at exactly 5pm, the servers were probably amused to see me. The restaurant was completely empty. As I walked in, several servers were just arriving on their shift! Without hesitation, they seated me in a private wood-floored historic bungalow room and presented a two page tapa menu.The servers were polite. I did not encounter anyone Japanese in the restaurant, with the exception of chef Nobuo Fukada. Apparently, Nobuo is not a traditional Japanese restaurant. It is an izakaya-style eatery with heavy American influences in the dishes (think creative east-meets-west Japanese). The dinner menu consisted of 4 appetizers, 8 cold dishes, and 9 warm dishes with prices ranging from $6 to $26.Due to the high cost of each dish, I was only able to order 2 tapas. I selected the two most popular dishes:1. GRAPEFRUIT AND HAMACHI ($16)This cold dish consists of 4 thick slices of hamachi (albacore) sashimi gently brushed with white truffle ponzu oil. A thin slice of ginger was applied on top. Each piece of hamachi was wrapped with a slice of avocado and a piece of grapefruit. The citrus ingredients complemented the hamachi. They were served creatively on single-bit spoons.2. WARM DUCK SALAD ($16)A duck salad sounds ordinary but it was prepared with precision that exceeded my standards. It was a hearty warm dish. About 5 to 6 slices of warm duck were served with a bed of grilled greens. The duck was lightly pan seared to create crispy edges. Then, a soy and zinfandei marinade reduction was applied to create a succulent flavor. Although the grilled vegetables can be dry, it can be dipped in the yuzu vinaigrette. This dish exhibited a satisfying variety of texture - crispy and juicy (duck), crunchy (grilled onions and peppers), chewy (grilled greens).Although the dishes at Nobuo were artfully crafted, thoughtful, and prepared with superb seasonal ingredients, like most small plate restaurants, the overall value was borderline poor. Perhaps lunch is more appropriate here than dinner. My dinner exceeded $40 including tax and tip, but my stomach was not full after 2 tapas. After this meal, I had to drive to CherryBlossom in Phoenix for a second Japanese dinner. I invite you to try Nobuo if $$$$ or a budget is not an issue. Come with a large group of 4 to 6 and splurge on the various tapas. If you come solo, I hope your company will expense the bill.
3	I thought the food was very tasty, but the portions are next to nil. I'm all about paying big bucks for a really good meal, but even for tapas style, this shit was way too expensive. But if you have the cash to spend $130 for food that does not fill you up but tastes really good, then this is the place for you. Now we can say we tried it but probably wont be going back.
5	Took the lady here.  She loves tapas style food, and she says this is one of the best tapas style places she has ever been to.  I have to agree.  The grapefruit hamachi was my favorite of the things we ordered.
5	Wow- this restaurant was great!  It was recommended to us by our hotel concierge.  We drove 15 miles from North Scottsdale and had a fantastic dinner.  The service was great, it's non-pretentious, and the food is delicious.  I can' wait to go back!!
4	Terry T and I were planning on biking for our places to participate in the dueling chefs for brunch, this past Sunday. Unfortunately, when I was trying to fill my front bike tire with air, I broke off the stem. So I had to drive, which puts me in a cranky mood. Doubly unfortunate, Chef Chris Bevington wasn't able to make the event due to an injury.Terry ordered the tea smoked chicken omelet which comes with a side of cubed melon. She said the chicken was very flavorful; however, for $14 she thought the portions were a bit lean. I ordered the Japanese breakfast that came with choice of meat [ grilled mackerel, saikyo miso black cod or pork cutlet--I let Chef Nobuo decide, and he selected the mackerel which was awesome!], house-made tofu, spinach balls, miso soup and rice. At $18, this was a pretty good deal because of the wonderful variety.I can't wait for another dueling brunch so I can sample even more.
2	The Emperor's New Clothes!  So well reviewed, hard to get in, etc.  Let me tell you our experience:  It's in an old, ugly, depressing, small home across from the downtown Bianco's in Heritage Square.  Dreary with a capital "D".  The server, who was pleasant, began by saying, "Hi, what can I grab you?"  Yep.   She was clueless about any of the wine selections. The restaurant week menu looked good, but oh, my.  Pitiful lobster roll on a white store bought tasting roll. Could have had better at Bluewater Grill. Entree was O.K., but sparse-really sparse. Dessert was fine, but 1 of 3 choices was deep fried as was one of the choices in the Bento Boxes. Chicken nuggets at best.  We left hungry and disappointed.  We had such fond memories when Nobou's was next to Cowboy Ciao's at SeaSaw...During the regular times they have a larger menu that very well may be a huge improvement, but you can't change the environment.  A big waste of money for the mediocre fare.
4	Came here for Restaurant Week with my parents.  We were going to Symphony Hall afterwards and this place was nearby.  Its directly across the way from Pizzeria Bianco and next door to Rose & Crown in the Heritage Square area.  When you walk up, you immediately feel you're walking into the early 1900s as this building has maintained its character throughout the years.  You wouldn't think it'd make sense to put a Japanese restaurant here, but then again this is no ordinary Japanese restaurant.  I'd heard Nobuo Fakoda had a James Beard award to his credit so that (and the solid Yelp reviews) got us the door.To start the evening I had the pork bun.  Its basically pork belly wrapped in a rice bun with herbs and a pickle.  Small, simple, but bursting with flavor.  Great way to start things off.  For the main course they had bento boxes (basically an assortment of greatest hits in a box).  I chose the seafood bento box which included tuna, salmon, and various other fishes I couldn't recognize.  Included was sticky rice, wasabi, soy sauce, and greens.  Pretty good stuff, though the pieces of fish were perhaps a little big to hold with chop sticks.  For dessert, I got the Arai pastries which included a piece of chocolate cake and what tasted almost like coffee cake.  Both were surprisingly light and airy, and were pretty good, though nothing special in my opinion.  I didn't get any drinks so my bill for the restaurant week meal (including tip) was $50.  I was satisfied and somewhat full, but not uncomfortably so at all.Overall, a pretty cool restaurant in a really unique location.  Not all of the dishes wowed me, but they did a pretty decent job showcasing their greatest hits during Restaurant Week.  This is definitely a splurge restaurant on a normal night and some of the items, while expensive, won't necessarily fill you up.  The service we got was okay.  The host was a little standoffish and the waitress wasn't completely informed on some of the non-Restaurant Week items so that might be an area for them to address.  Bottomline, if you've got the money and a craving for a Japanese restaurant that goes outside the box, this place will do the job.
5	Very good fusion food  . It combines the Japanese and French cuisine together,. They works great. The chefs blend Taste and artist creativity together. The  only drawback is the place is bit crowded and you have to share a small room with several groups. But it is a very unique restaurant in the valley . Highly recommend for people who are looking for new places and try new things to dine out with the significant one
3	The best thing about Nobuo is presentation of their plates. Our bill/person was higher than that of a 1star Michelin I've been to...and at least I left full after that meal.  Tables are awkwardly placed in cramped rooms of an old house. There was a business dinner next to us and their voices permeated the room. Our server could not recommend a Japanese beer because she had not tried them. Dishes come out with an explanation of everything on the plate...until she forgot her memorized lines..."here we have three types of Japanese mushrooms: shiitake, enoki...and....another one that starts with and 'S'. I'll be right back." Weird.  We had 6 dishes:grapefruit hamachi - fish was not freshyellowtail ceviche -good dish, i'd recommend thistako and tomato - octopus was as chewy as rubber and I don't think it pairs well with mozzarella seabass and mushroom - fish was overcooked, too much butter, and overly saltysoft shell crab salad - my half of a small crab was the best part of the meal, so good. but the salad dressing was way too acidic and overpoweringpork belly - another good dish with some rice for carbsA man handling paperwork and bills had his work spread out all over a table and couches. I thought it was weird for the setting they're trying to create. And I had to search for toilet paper and exchange their roll for them. My food, service, and ambience expectations for a restaurant slide with price, and Nobuo misses the mark. I'm happy we had a Deal Chicken coupon of $50 for $100 because I would not have come here otherwise.
4	The BF and I went to Nobuo last night for the first time with a local dines deal. The place is cute, it's an old house and you sit in one of many small rooms.  As we were seated, we overheard some other people complaining about their experience...uh oh. So, needless to say, I was a little worried. We ordered a whole bunch of things to share. We got the sugar snap peas, the fried and stuffed squash blossom, a special that was fried octopus balls (as in they were in a ball shape....stop being dirty :-P) , the sea bass and mushrooms wrapped in a pouch of sorts, and another special which was local chicken 3 ways. I also got a cocktail, the grog, and we shared the mousse for dessert (it was a pretty indulgent night). Here's the breakdown:Sugar snap peas: this was not my fave, but the BF liked it a lot. It was a little fishy and served cold, and I just didn't totally love it, but he ate it all. Fried squash blossom: I loved this dish! It was stuffed with goat cheese, was light and crunchy, and I thought it was soooo delicious. The BF didn't like it, but he's a goat cheese hater. Octopus balls: The garlicky sauce was good, the breading was good, octopus has a weird texture, but overall, I liked it, they did the best they could I think with this odd ingredient. Sea bass: This was the star of the show...the sea bass was not fishy. It fell apart. It was savory and delicious. The mushrooms were luscious, earthy, and added tons of flavor to the fish....I could eat this fish any day of the week...so yummy. Chicken 3 ways: Again, this was pretty delicious. The chicken was served: panko fried, wasabi grilled, and marinated in a soy onion mixture. The panko fried was good, but pretty expected. The wasabi grilled was awesome, I could feel the spice in my nose and the chicken was so moist, but the clear winner on the plate was the onion soy chicken....oh em gee.... this had such a wonderful savory and sweet flavor. The grog: This cocktail was strong! But it had a nice honey and orange flavor....definitely worth the 11$ because one was certainly enough. The Mousse: oh so chocolately and creamy...the green tea ice cream complemented it very well (and I do not care for green tea desserts). We were told that the secret behind this (and don't read this if it might ruin your experience) is that they use tofu in it to give it that silky texture...brilliant!Overall, I really enjoyed our meal there and would definitely go back again (although I would order a little less cuz we were stuuuuuffed).
4	A little gem in Phoenix. Beard award winner chef Nobuo puts up a tapas-style show a flavors, ingredients and presentations in an unpretentious environment. All the dishes we tried were great, including the foias gras, hamachi, squash blossom tempura, eggplant and miso cod.This one's a keeper!
1	Besides being directed to a table that we expressed disapproval (which they would not change despite no one siting in other tables during our stay), the food, although good, was very expensive for the quality and quantity.  The ambiance was dreadful in the hallway that we were sat.  As diligent restaurant goers, we expressed our concerns to the manager who was less than receptive and offered no remedies.
2	Ever go to one of those places where the service is so bad it puts a damper on the whole experience?  After we were seated we were informed they were out of pork belly. That was a bummer because I love pork belly.  I don't have a problem with a place running out of an item, as I like stuff that's fresh.  We were then informed of the specials, and immediately Tako dumplings made me forget about the pork belly.  The waitress gave us some time to look over the menu and mentioned it's family style.A few minutes later the waitress returned and said "Okay we have your items ordered and let me know if you want anything else".  When I explained that we actually never ordered yet she left and came back a couple minutes later.  "That's right you haven't ordered".  We proceeded to order the Tako dumplings and a few other items.  We explained that we've never been here before so we'd like to order a couple of things now and then see how the portions go.  The waitress explained that people usually order 4 dishes per person and if I didn't order them all at once they couldn't control the timing of the dishes.  So we picked the rest of our items.A few minutes later the waitress returns to say "We are out of Tako".  I asked how they could be out of the dinner special when dinner rush has just started.  "Well it's been on the board all day but when I ordered it they said we didn't have any".  Yep this is a finely tuned restaurant where they can't be bothered to remove an item from "the board".  One of the dishes we ordered was a Shiromi carpaccio which came with focaccia.  The dish had a nicely heated sesame seed oil with garlic - very tasty and perfect for dipping.  If we actually had the focaccia it would have been great for dipping.  10 minutes later out comes the focaccia.  Nice controlled timing of the dishes.The food here is pretty good.  Some items such as the kimchi with dried shrimp are very tasty.   Others such as the soft shell crab salad are nice ingredients but seem thrown together in a disjointed fashion.   Overall it's a quaint little place with pretty good dishes but you can go elsewhere and easily have a better dining experience.
5	Had a great birthday meal. Our waitress nice and very helpful ;)The Shiromi carpaccio was easily the star of the show. Sliced thin n "cooked" in garlic sauce/broth table side. Served w focaccia bread to soak up the sauce ;)The foie gras was sweet n delicate. Rich but cooked very well. The uni/oyster dish was tasty. A mixture of briny oyster and sweet smooth uni. The blacked cod was excellent. The pork belly and sea bass were good. The chocolate mousse with green tea ice cream was a great way to finish off the meal.
3	The food was really yummy here, lots of tasty morsels. Many of the combinations were new to me, even though the ingredients were familiar. The portions are quite small, I believe it is meant to be tapas, so you have to order a lot to get full. The tea I had was *divine* (if you are into teas). The Teeter House is beautiful and I enjoyed dining in a piece of Phoenix history. I had a groupon-type deal when I went, which made the meal more affordable. I don't think I could afford to eat here otherwise! All-in-all it was a great experience food-wise, wallet-wise I doubt I would ever go back.
4	I could only eat the avocado hamchi and grapefruit they have and be happy. For dessert I highly recommend the chocolate moose/ tofu with green tea ice cream and candied organge slices. The entries are on the small side but very flavorful. To get the most out of your visit plan to go on restaurant week for their bento box tasting.
5	I had one of those wondrous discounts via Deal Chicken.    Good thing I did.   With a $100 value, didn't get much.  My daughter was still hungry and I was mildly  "full."    I loved what we ordered, but my daughter did not cause she wasn't used to "authentic" Japanese dishes.   Sorry, hun.   I'm third generation Japanese American,  she's fourth.   She LOVED the tuna sashimi; therefore, ordered two dishes of it.   I ordered the octopus, which was cooked to perfection.    One would expect, with the owner's reputation, he would not overcook it; therefore, making it tough and chewy.   I ordered the soft shell crab.    I liked it.   Cooked to perfection with just the right seasoning.   She wasn't used to seeing shrimp with heads.   Another, sorry, hun, that you were "grossed" out.    I ordered the crab salad.    It was good, and, thankfully, she liked it as well.    Would I go back?    I don't think so.    Not at that price and for what we got, but I can't argue that what we got was good.
5	One of the best Japanese Restaurants I've ate at recently.
5	You will find things here that you have never even heard of.  Get on the email list ASAP , as you get access to the special events this place is known for.  I have been here about a dozen times.  Special event , walk in , lunch, dinner you name it. There has never been any incident there of any kind.  Excellent food and service.  It IS a small place so you should call ahead and get a table no matter what time of day it is.  I couldn't even start to describe the food just see my pics
5	I like every bite I had there
5	This is quite possibly the best food experience I have ever had in Arizona!  Nobuo can be better described as an culinary experience rather then dining out.  It was almost hard to put into words how much my friends and I enjoyed our meal.We actually went here by luck.  The dinner party consisted of my two best foodie friends that night.  We had planned to go to Pizzeria Bianco that night after walking around First Fridays.  "Fortunately" the wait that night was over two and a half hours (normally only an hour if you go after 9:30pm).  By chance I saw Nobuo directly across from Pizzeria Bianco so I whipped out my trusty iPhone Yelp AP and proceeded to investigate Nobuo.  The reviews were great so we decided to give it a try.  That my friend was the beginning of my renewed faith in cultured dining in AZ.We were luckily seated right away that night as it was pretty late already.  The restaurant was cozy and comfortable in a minimalistic classic decor with a few well place Japanese artwork.  We decided to order about 6 dishes from the menu.  2 from the cold dishes side and 4 from the warm side.1st bite - Grapefruit and Hamachi: This was a very pretty looking dish.  There were 4 spoon servings of delicately prepared Hamachi wrapped around a small slice of grapefruit and avocado with white truffle ponzu oil topped with a sliver of ginger on top.  We each put the bite into our mouths and was transcended to what many would describe as a religious culinary experience.  The flavors literally just burst into your mouth.  Visually you were expecting one thing but the flavor profiles you taste was just simply amazing.  My friends and I looked at each other with the same amazement.Ok this will be a novel by the time I finish the other 5 courses. I will cut it short by saying it is by far one of the best food experiences I've had in AZ.  Nobuo is not inexpensive, but for this level of quality and experience -  it's worth every cent.
5	I am blown away by this place. Having just visited Tokyo, and spending time at the Fish market learning the art of appreciating fine fish,  I'm in awe how they pull off such flawless execution! This is new a regular hotspot for us!
4	Was in Phoenix for work and got a hot tip about this restaurant.  Great food and great ambiance.  Worth the money to splurge on a nice dinner.  I am continually impressed by the quality of the seafood I find in Phoenix, and Nobuo was as good as anything I've found on the coast in California.
5	Wow...this is the second time I was here and it's an unbelievably wonderful place. Dishes are small but very high quality and inventive presentation. Fairly priced given how good the food is. The salmon and lamb were particularly good. The service was attentive and knowledgable.
3	This is a very "homie" type of place. Little plates but very expensive if you want to feel full. It's a family sharing type of place. One time is probably enough. The place itself is very small but the best dishes on the menu are the hamachi, soft shell, lamb, foie gras. If you're willing to pay about 400$ for the whole menu to split then this is the place to go. Otherwise I feel this is very expensive and not enough meal for your buck.
4	This was a wonderful culinary experience. Keep in mind the entrees are relatively small, but tasty and you'll need a full to leave content (not necessarily full).For starters - We had the Grapefruit and Hamachi - which was fantastic.. but maybe 3-4 bites in total and some sort of tempura vegetable. For the main, we had the Soft Shell Crab Salad, Karei Karaage, Fried Soft Shell Shrimp, and Foie Gras. I think I remember the Karei being the best of those dishes. And my colleagues said the Foie Gras was there least favorite.  It was a great experience and I think one reviewer said it best.. I'd go back during restaurant week but I am not sure how much of a regular I would be.
5	I rarely give a restaurant five stars on my first visit, but I'd go higher here if I could!  What an experience!  You definitely have to know where you are going.  The Teeter House has so many memories for me and this is such a cute little house.  You feel like home.  All the servers and staff were so attentive and helpful in explaining these unique Japanese out of the ordinary dishes.  And try things we did!  From dishes off the cold plates served on tiny spoons (you have to try the Grapefruit and Hamachi - OMG) with flavors that exploded in your mouth to perfectly cooked lamb chops and yellow tail.  Our sous chef, Chris,  was a delightful addition to our table, explaining every detail of the execution and flavors and was an excellent saleman as well.  Instead of a rich, creamy dessert, we opted for one more round of shabu shabu.  It was an experience in itself. I can't wait to go back and to take others to be able to savor and smile as things explode on your taste buds.  Thanks for a great evening!
3	I love Nobuo usually.  But we had such a terrible experience at our meal before attending the Nutcracker that I have to keep others informed. It could have been an off night.  I really hope so (I really want to go back), but each portion of our meal was served individually, took forever, we had to eat our meals separately, and they broke our water glass and it spilled all over the table.  They offered free dessert but we had to get a move on as the ballet started at 7.  We assumed arriving with a reservation right away at 5:30 would be fine and it was quiet at the restaurant.  Clearly it didn't make a difference.  We'll probably go somewhere else in the future for special occasions and hopefully brave another dining adventure here when we're not trying to get somewhere else.  (though I'm still upset over our mains coming out at different times, after the other, with huge breaks of time between; it was ridiculous).
5	Chef Nobu is an extraordinary culinary talent and we are fortunate to have him here in Phoenix.  First rate asian cuisine, comparable with the finest restaurants in NY and San Fran.
4	Great Japanese Tapas and fantastic service as well.  This place was walking distance from my hotel and I wanted to eat something other than sandwiches, pizza, burgers or steaks.  Again service was 5 stars. My server Dillon was almost too concerned with how happy I was.  He gets straight A's.I had the followingTako (octopus) dumplings : awesomeYellow tail ceviche : too fishy, just mehCoconut curry lamb: amaze balls.  Not gamey at allApple Fritters with ice cream for dessert:  amaze ballsGreat place for families or dates.
1	$16-18 per plate for a tapas style 2 bite plate. The food was average at best.Horrible service.Unnecessarily pretentious employees.$12 drinks.Did I mention how bad the service was?PASS
4	The food was very tasty. You don't get a lot of food and it is expensive. I had lunch with a colleague and spent $60 for both of us. We walked away happy but not 100% full.
5	YUM!  Again, I was here during work hours and it was relatively empty.  My dad and I split the radish salad and the yellow tail appetizer and everything was so fresh.  The yellow-tail melted in our mouths, it was so wonderful.  What a nice sushi treat during a work outing.  The radish salad was amazing, I don't think I have had anything like it before.  The flavors were great and the sesame really added a crunch!  I had the tuna appetizer as my main and it was light and really a good addition the appetizers had already.  My dad had the pork buns and thought they were phenomenal.  He had never had pork buns before, but loved them to the last bite.
5	Such a wonderful experience. I have been visiting Nobuo for quite some time now and been taking my friends and colleagues along. The food is absolutely delicious... the flavors are rich, bright without being pretentious. The presentation is lovely and staff is very nice and friendly. Definitely a place to visit in Phoenix!
2	Meh. Ambiance was drab. Server was cold and im pretty sure didnt smile once. Food wasnt great and kinda overpriced for what it was. Cocktails were ok. Coming from new york, ive had better top to bottom. Probably wont go again. But id suggest it to someone if they wanted to experiment. Id recommend the kimchi though. That was super tasty.
5	As a pre-Valentine's day surprise, my wonderful boyfriend surprised me with dinner at this charming restaurant. The izakaya style dishes we ordered all had great flavors. We ordered the grapefruit hamachi, the house cured salmon, the tuna tataki and the yellowtail ceviche for our cold dishes. The grapefruit hamachi was our favorite. The house cured salmon surprised me as I would not have thought of pairing salmon and pecorino romano cheese. For our hot dishes we ordered the warm duck salad, the seabass & mushroom, the coconut curry lamb, and the black cod.  The presentation of each of the dishes (hot or cold) was beautiful though some were a little small (4 bites). This place is not cheap but if you have a special occasion or want to splurge then this is good place to do that. I left the restaurant reliving the wonderful flavors we had eaten.
5	So I know what your thinking, Sushi in Arizona!?!?! YES!!!I highly recommend checking at Nobuo at Teeter house! I honestly have to say this was the highlight of my trip with my husband. After having a disappointing lunch earlier that day, my husband and I wanted to have an awesome dinner. So I looked up online to find the best places to eat in Arizona and Nobuo was one of the restaurants that was suggested. We arrived on Saturday night at around 9. The restaurant is located at the historical Heritage Square in Phoenix. We had a little trouble trying to find the place since we aren't locals and drove around the block a few times before finding the parking structure. Nobuo is located inside the Teeter house which was built in the 1899 and they converted into a  restaurant. I think this is what got my husband and I a little confused because we were actually looking for something that resembled a typical restaurant. I honestly felt like I was walking into a home because they had a front porch with chairs and the 3 separate small dining rooms. They were pretty much booked but we were able to quickly get seated at the bar. First off, I loved the atmosphere, everything was intimate and you can just feel the history of the place. Dinner option was tapas style so my husband and I ordered 4 items including dessert.Seabass and MushroomPork Belly wrapped in Banana Leaf (highly recommend)Grapefruit and HamachiHouse Cured Salmon (highly recommend)Everything we ordered was delicious and I loved how chef Nobuo himself would come out and serve our meals explaining each plate to us. Surprisingly we were full with just these 4 dishes. The service was impeccable and Chef Nobuo even came out and talked to my husband and I about the history of the place. My husband and I can't wait for our next trip to Arizona to eat here again.
5	We (2 people) went on a Thursday night at 7p.m., we were seated immediately. The restaurant was just filled enough that it wasn't too loud in 1 of the many small, very quaint, simple but elegantly decorated rooms. Service was outstanding. We indulged in the specialty cocktail menu which was excellent. We proceeded to work our way through the menu: 3 cold dishes (Grapefruit & Hamachi , Shiromi Carpaccio, Oyster/uni) & 6 warm dishes (Fried Soft Shell Shrimp, Warm Duck Salad, Soft Shell Crab Salad, Coconut Curry Lamb, Foie Gras, and Steamed Clams with chicken), all were very unique in taste and beautiful presentation & if I may add, timed perfectly, finishing 1 dish, then serving the other without feeling rushed. I will say that the weakest dish of 9 was the Steamed Clams with Chicken in both flavor and size of clams along with the inedible chicken feet.I would like future customers to keep in mine that if you dine here, don't forget it is a modern Japanese Tapas (which means small dishes), same as if you were to go to a traditional Japanese restaurant and order sushi and sashimi a la cart. I did take note on several comments on TOO pricey. Nobuo At Teeter House is a blend of unique combinations of tastes which are well worth the try.
2	There is nothing special about this place except maybe the name and location - although even those are not that special. Yes, it's in a cool old house in an interesting part of town.  But, is that what one goes to a restaurant for? Not so much. Lets talk food, prices and service.Food & Prices = honestly, foods are a 5 on a 10 point scale. We had about 6 things. Each was "fair". The presentations were nice and they looked like they'd taste great. But each was just okay. For example, snap peas, they are good by nature,....right? Spruce all 14 of them up with a bit of peanut sauce and theoretically they're even better, and maybe they are a little bit.  Then, however, dump on a cup full of dried, store bought fish flakes and some cayenne pepper and what do you have? Something that started pretty good and got, well, strange and not appealing.  And for this you'll get to pay around $10-15.Same with the raw/seared tuna. Sounds great, right? Now, take the 8 tiny pieces of fish, pour a cup of bland (but colorful) beet paste around it, place 4 micro-chunks of yellowish beet smaller than a sugar cube next to it and lay it appealingly on a plate for $14-$16 and viola, you have an unremarkable, mediocre 1/3 of an appetizer for the price of an entree anywhere else. And the end pieces were half cooked and fishy tasting.We had 4 pieces of "sushi" for about $15. They looked really cool, and if that's important to you, you'll like this place. Each of the 4 pieces was its own little package and the taste was bland, boring.Honestly the other items were so underwhelming that they aren't worth mentioning.Service = this is odd. It seems the employees can't quite figure out what kind of "trendy" this place is.  Is it tree-hugger'ish, hemp skirts and crunchy trendy? Is it tattooed and pierced trendy? Is it red hair and dark eye makeup trendy?  It was some kind of strange conglomeration. What it WASN'T,....was "friendly trendy". Our dark haired, 30-something, drab personality waitress literally didn't smile once. She was there in body, but not in spirit or personality, for sure. This was clearly a job and there was no room for any enjoyment. Overall, we spent $100 and 1/2 way through we literally discussed what we'd be ordering at In N Out Burger on the way home.My recommendation: skip this place. There are some really cool places to eat "downtown" that have better food, more of it, way better tasting, better attitude and much more reasonably priced. This is, of course, unless you are one that loves to tell your friends that you ate at this cool, trendy little place in a really small old neat house and the food was soooo good, knowing in the back of your mind that it was mediocre at best and you wish you'd have eaten elsewhere.
4	Very good foie gras and pork belly over rice.  Price is decent compares to San Francisco.  Great service located in a unique location.  Reservation yes.  Great cocktail and sake menu.  For sure not for kids.  I will come back .
5	Went last night because Pizza Bianco was a 2 hour wait - at the bar. Was very happy with food. No wasabi needed for whitetail or octopus apps. Totally delicious. Cool old brick building as well...something not easy to find in downtown Phoenix.
5	What an amazing and flavorful experience. From the ambiance of a historical home to the burst of flavor of every dish, my wife and I left quite satisfied.
4	Nobou presents itself as Japanese tapas. The flavors were quite amazing - the portions, even for tapas, were quite small however. We ordered 6 plates and 2 beers and walked out with a $120 bill. It was quite a treat but the price was somewhat of a turn off.
5	What a great find ! Serious yummage!  "Teeter" tots starter the split the Ebi Salad - so good!
3	One vegetarian item on the entire dinner menu (an appetizer of snap peas), but the kitchen was willing to make an item from their lunch menu for me: a charred tofu salad with noodles and ginger sauce. It was delicious. Their appetizer of vegetables (hassun I think it's called) has a few things normally fried in beef fat so they were able make substitutions. It was also delicious. The potato flight (an alcohol like vodka) was interesting...definitely worth trying.We sat outside, which was nicely done with strings of lights and candles. They had wooden benches/tables and then some round tables with metal patio chairs. We sat at the latter and it was very uncomfortable...the round table didn't work well for putting the very large dishes on along with the flight of alcohol, and the chairs were very awkward. There was a seat cushion for the back of the chair but I put the seat cushion on my derriere because it's hard sitting on those waffle-metal chairs after awhile...you end up with a grid on your leg or butt when you get up. Also, because you're eating, you want to sit up--at the table where your plate is--to eat your food and that's very difficult to do in these chairs because they're patio furniture...you're supposed to lean back and relax in them. If you like that while eating dinner, the outside area will work great for you!Overall, it has cozy but casual feeling, but I wouldn't recommend the outside seating to anyone with a backache or who's planning a more relaxed dinner where they want to sit and enjoy their meal for more than 1/2 an hour.
5	Great food and friendly service... I am a soft shell crab fanatic the one I had last night is by far one of the best ones I ever had. Give it a try you won't be disappointed!
5	One of my favorite times of the year in Las Vegas is Restaurant Week, so when I learned that Arizona Restaurant Week coincided with a work trip to Phoenix, I picked a place close to the hotel where I am staying (the Hyatt Recency) to check it out. Glad to report that my selection, Nobuo at the Teeter House, not only met my expectations but also was better than nearly any place I've been to in Vegas.For $40 (cheaper than the usual $50 in Vegas), I got a delicious appetizer of long beans, spicy fried tofu, watermelon with feta, and some sort of curd (?). Then, for the main dish, an incredible bento box with four pieces of sashimi, a soft-shell crab salad, black cod, seafood rice, and a green salad. Top that off with a rice pudding and two drinks (a Japanese IPA for $13 and a glass of domestic rose for $12), and you have one fantastic meal. (I also added on an order of their grapefruit hamachi, which was $8 for two pieces. Might as well go big or go home...)The restaurant is located in a historic building in Heritage Square. I've never been to this part of Phoenix before, but it's right by the baseball stadium and a science museum. Although the area was crowded earlier in the day, it was pretty dead when I ate at 8, but I was still surprised that there were not more diners ... particularly with Restaurant Week going on.If I lived in Phoenix, this would definitely be at the top of my list ... and not just during Restaurant Week. I can't think of a more romantic place for date night anytime of the year. I'm just sad that my husband wasn't with me to try the other RW offering, which included a pork belly bun and coconut curry lamb. Yum!
4	Amazing atmosphere. The prices were a bit expensive and the food could have been better. Great service.
4	Located in downtown phoenix this restaurant looks like a cozy, quaint and historic house. The food is a wonderful change from typical cuisine. Everything I tried was delicious and authentic. It is tapas style and the dishes are light, quality over quantity, so I wouldn't recommend this place when one is starving and expecting a feast. Pricey for the amount of food but it is worth it for the experience and flavors.
5	I've been wanting to try this restaurant since it opened, but never had a chance. Knowing this, my husband surprised me with a reservation here for my birthday dinner. The food was as good as expected, and changed my mind about a few non favorite items. They have two different sections to the menu a cold menu and a hot menu. The cold menu has mostly crudo, veggies and raw items and the hot menu were heavier cooked items. We went with the following:Cold Menu:Tako & Tomato:Delicious grilled octopus with fresh mozzarella & tomato, an unexpected combo that worksShiromi Carpaccio: Thinly sliced raw white fish with a hot sesame oil w/focaccia to sop up the sauce. This was also delicious and if you're looking for some more substance to your appetizer the focaccia was a great additionGrapefruit & Yellowtail:My favorite appetizer, a fantastic mix of sweet and savory with sweet grapfruit and perfectly fresh yellowtail, a must try!Hot Menu:Soft Shell Crab Salad:I was leery of ordering this, I'm not a fan of soft shell crab because any time I've eaten it I've found it to be very fishy. Apparently I've been eating it at the wrong places (chain sushi restaurants) because I loved the crab in this dish. The panko crusted crab was delicious and fresh tasting, not fishy at all. The fresh vegetables and herbs were a fantastic addition along with the peanuts and nuac cham fish sauce. I guess I need to be more selective of where I order my soft shell crab as it turns out I am a fan, I just haven't ever eaten the fresh stuff until now.Warm Duck Salad:Duck has never been my top pick either, but the menu description sounded enticing and it turned out to be a great choice too! The duck was cooked perfectly and the grilled greens were equally as good.Coconut Curry Lamb:Like the two other choices, lamb has never been my favorite either. I was really trusting tonight, and am glad that I reached out of my comfort zone because this dish was amazing! Like the other two dishes the lamb was cooked perfectly medium rare and had a light coconut curry flavor. I really liked how the curry flavor was underlining as to not overpower the lamb flavor. The mango fennel salad was a great side to this dish.Dessert:Chocolate cake with white chocolate green tea ice cream - I wasn't expecting this dessert to really stand out, as I don't typically order dessert in Asian restaurants, but it was my birthday and it was given to us complimentary for the occasion. This dessert was as good as the rest of the meal, the cake was rich and the ice cream was delicious and had great flavor. I will definitely return to Nobuo, it made me a fan of dishes that I typically don't care for, because the ingredients were top notch and the dishes were prepared perfectly. The service as amazing too, our waitress' recommendations were spot on. My only complaint was that I wasn't a huge fan of the cocktails, they weren't bad just not to my taste. So the next time I return I'll have some pre-drinks at Rose & Crown or Bar Bianco and then have my meal at Nobuo.
5	My parents took me here for graduation dinner and it was such a great experience!  First of all, it's in a historic house so it has a very intimate feel to it.  The dishes are tapas style which is perfect if you want to try several dishes from the menu.  Don't expect more than a biteful per dish per person, so it is expensive if you want to leave feeling full.  Luckily I had my parents to spoil me so we ordered almost every dish!  My favorites were the oyster with uni, sake steamed clams, and the sashimi of the day.
5	Probably one of the most incredible restaurants I've ever eaten at. The food, the ambiance and the service was all on point. I'll definitely be returning!
4	Ordered the Okonomiyaki and Lychee red iced tea which is on the lunch menu. Everything was delicious! The okonomiyaki lived up to my expectations and was artfully presented. The lychee tea wasn't very strong on flavor scale, but was worth experimenting. Service was pleasant, I was dining alone and my food came out quickly. This place seems nice for a calm date night. The waitress was reserved but nice. I would definitely go back.
3	This restaurant came highly recommended from several friends.  The location,  ambiance and service were good.  The food was just ok,  no one in our party was very impressed with the food.  All plates are served tapas style so the servings are smaller and meant to be shared.  The pork belly was the sole standout.
5	Wow, what a great place. The shiromi carpaccio app was terrific as was the service. It was a real treat. The food was fresh and unique. Highly recommend.
5	Delicious food! Served tapas style which is my favorite because you get to try a little bit of everything. Every dish we tried was so good! Our waitress did a great job describing each dish and helping us pick. The sashimi was fresh and had great flavor! We will be back'!
5	If you're in downtown Phoenix you need to eat here. This is definitely one of the absolute best restaurants in the area. Everything we ordered was 5 stars. Try the grapefruit and hamachi you will love it.
5	Japanese with a tapas touch!!! Who would have believed it. My partner was excited by the idea of sharing plates when I normally like to keep mine to myself. It was excellent. The dish with the grapefruit was Jenn's favorite. I loved the salmon dish. Exceptional flavors, great atmosphere. A must experience.  We will be back.
4	Had the $10 okonomiyaki on a Saturday morning. Hostess was friendly and attentive. Was seated promptly. Okonomiyaki was flavorful with cabbage, pork, shrimp, and bonito flakes. Portion was adequate but probably not justifiable by its price. I would check out their drinks and other items if I had more money... Anyhow, beautiful ambience and use of Teeter's House space. This would be an excellent date or impress your out-of-town-friends spot.
5	Had a great lunch here today with friends.  I got the soft shell crab sandwich and I really enjoyed it.  Started off with the Teeter Tots and the Kimchi which were both extremely flavorful.  A friend got the chicken curry dish and he really enjoyed it.  Next time I'll be trying the Pork Belly Buns for sure!  The atmosphere is great and so is the food.  I highly recommend it.
5	I am writing an update cause I had the opportunity of sitting on the porch of the restaurant the other night with a companion  cause it was pouring down buckets.    It happened to be First Friday.   We had ridden the light rail downtown to the AZ Science Center and thought we'd walk around to see what, if anything, exciting was going on.   The owner's, Nobuo, wife served us.   I ordered wine and I don't remember what my companion ordered.   Either a beer or wine.    I didn't pay attention.   I believe Nobuo's wife's name is Sarah.   My companion mentioned to her that he had met the owner prior, whereupon Nobuo came out to say "hi," and we had a short chat.    Both are such friendly and charming people.  Very, very gracious and not the typical "full of himself" type of person that I've experienced with other restaurateurs around the valley who are world renowned.
5	This place never, EVER, disappoints. EVER.Craft cocktails, an eclectic wine and sake list, food that is both art and delicious, and a staff that is personable and charming.This place is sensational, and could easily be successful in ANY big city. I will never pass through Phoenix without eating a meal here.Thank you, Chef Nobuo, for the unforgettable dining experiences!
5	I loved this restaurant!! Amazing Japanese food. However it is pricy for it's dishes and focuses on tapas so if you're looking for a full meal, I would try a different place. Service is good bug quite slow. The dinner took 2.5 hours and they bring each tapas one by one. For the main tapas, highly recommend the oysters, ceviche, tuna tartare, and foie gras. Cocktails were also great. Reservations were a bit weird. We had a party of six and opentable would only let us reserve for four so called and they were able to change the reservation.
2	Was on a visit to the Phoenix area and decided to participate in Arizona's restaurant week. I read a handful of the reviews for this place and decided to give it a go. From the outside, I thought that this place looked very unique in that it was contained in a converted house; I was seated in what looked like the usual dining area. Yet somehow they put three tables in the room. It was a very interesting use of the space.For an appetizer, I was served a small plate that consisted of kimchi (cabbage, shrimp, oil & chili) & Tako age (fried octopus & yuzu aioli). The kimchi was a nice sized portion and the flavor wasn't as strong as some places that I've been to. The fried octopus was nice and tender. The main bento box consisted of a salad, fried seashell crab, yellow tail ceviche, big eye tuna sashimi & sea bass. Overall, I liked all the seafood. The presentation on the crab was nice and the crab was tasty. If the food was good, why the low rating? The service here was terrible. I don't know if it was because the party of six next to us was ordering a crapload of food and tons of wine, but our table got no attention whatsoever. When it takes 20 minutes for something as simple as filling a glass of water, then that's a problem. The waiter never checked in on us to see how the food was, yet the party nearby had three waiters (including ours) at their every whim. Disappointing, to say the least; let's just say that the waiter got tipped appropriately.I've been to upscale places around the country with similar food. If I had a choice, I'd go to the other places every time.
5	You always hear about how the restaurants back east are so innovative with their flavor and creativity.  Little did I know that we have a restaurant in downtown Phoenix that is tucked away in heritage square that is the best meal I've ever had. I was celebrating the birthday of a boyfriend at the time and I wanted to do go somewhere that was really special and offered a unique taste on Asian food.  I drove around the city trying to confuse him and I made reservations through Open Table so we were able to get seated right away.  The inside is small but offers a very intimate feel and would be perfect to celebrate any occasion.  I believe that the menu varies throughout the year and the combination of flavors and tapas style dishes allowed us to try a little bit of everything.  Our waiter made wonderful recommendations and explained how we should start our meal with lighter dishes and venture of into some of the more intricate dishes later on.  I wish I could remember his name because he was amazing!!  We had dishes that combined exotic mushrooms, rice, pork belly, and tuna.  Each dish was better than the last one and we couldn't pick which one was our favorite at the end.  They honored my wish of not singing happy birthday and they brought out a dessert that was amazing.  We had a wonderful time at this restaurant and our meal was even better.
4	Great food and charming ambience!  We ordered about 6 dishes for 4 people and shared. My favorite dish was the hamachi and the soft crab salad. Expect to spend, portions are small and prices are high..... Treat yourself!
4	Ooooo the hamachi appetizers... they were like little bites of heaven. Note: you'd have to like grape fruit and be able to stand the smell of truffle oil. The restaurant is inside a historic looking house in the heritage square of downtown Phoenix. It has a very lovely outdoor seating area, but we opted for indoors because of the heat. We went at a less busy hour for lunch. Our waitress/hostess was very friendly. She did a great job explaining each dish for us and served quickly. Everything we tried was quite tasty but the hamachi appetizers were the best.
5	I'm visiting from San Francisco and this is better than or equal to any Japanese izakaya I've been to at home. Standouts:Hamachi grapefruit Sous vide duck with grilled lettuces Shiromi carpaccio with focaccia
1	The manager was extremely condescending and rude.
5	My family and I had a fantastic omakase dinner at Nobuo's this weekend.  We can tell that it must have taken several days to source the ingredients and prepare the dinner; we gladly paid the bill knowing how much work must have gone into making the dishes. The food was creative, fresh, and delicious.  We've dined at many wonderful restaurants around the world, but the chef still managed to surprise us with great flavors that we'd never tasted before. Our favorites included marinated salmon eggs (firm, fresh, and they pop like no other salmon eggs we've ever had), chicken done in three ways, corn tempura (surprisingly delicate), oysters with uni, and a fantastic ice cream and cookie dessert that had us scraping the bottom of the bowls.  The service was warm and attentive.  Thank you, chef!
5	This place is such a gem and a rare find.  This is a very lovely restaurant located in Historic Park in downtown Phoenix.  It's located in a beautiful Victorian home so rich in character and warmth.  From the moment you enter, you feel like you are "home" and they take such good care of you.  Every single thing I had at this place was absolutely phenomenal.  The Hamachi is to die for as everyone says, I also had the cod and crab salad which are must haves!  Their dessert I had which I think was a pumpkin cake was one of the best desserts I've had in a long time.  This was an absolute treat and a very rare find.  I'm from LA which is a culinary oasis and this was one of the best places I've had dinner at in a long time.  If you are ever in the downtown Phoenix area, you've got to try this place!  It's walking distance from Downtown Phoenix hotels and hotspots.  And you will love that it's very reasonable... I spent almost $60 including tip.  If I had a dinner of this caliber in LA, I would have spent twice that amount.  Make sure you check out their bathroom, it has this really cool wallpaper with birds... very exquisite.  And lastly, don't ask for rice or miso soup, they don't have it.  This is not your "typical" Japanese fare... :).
2	There is nothing fancy about this place, including the food.  Though I am not an expert of Japanese food, I do have taste buds and I didn't find the food here to be any better than the food I have had at other Japanese restaurants. And for the prices they charged, they can definitely improve the decor and at least make you feel like you are eating at a more upscale restaurant. And expect the prices to be high for the small portions.Some of the fish dishes were pretty good.  I did take a taste of some duck, which I had never had before but will never have again. Even my friend, who is Japanese, said it was too chewy.  I will say that the waitresses were very knowledgeable about the food. And though everyone was very nice, I can guarantee that I will not be returning.
5	Awesome spot. Delicious food and a quiet, relaxing retreat from hotels and conferences.
3	It's not worth the price. The food is awesome and the service is great. However, don't expect to come here to get full on a meal. Great ambiance for a cozy evening but you will need to order way too many overpriced dishes to have a satisfied belly. We are about to head out to another sushi place to get a real dinner.
5	Nobuo cuisine is spectacular!   Went on Sunday and the quality of the food was incredible .  The sea bass and the short run special were very very good.  The pork belly wrapped in banana leaf was literally the best tasting dish I've had since my mothers home cooking.  I think I actually teared up after experiencing that dish!  People of Phoenix do yourself a favor a eat here!
5	Great atmosphere. Amazing food. A very cozy and homy energy to the entire dining experience. Definitely worth going to for a fantastic memory.I stayed to watch some of the food be prepped for the dinner that night, I went for lunch, and the amount of care and attention the chef puts into each step and ingredient is something to be marveled at.
4	I just dined here with my wife and family and had a great time. The restaurant is located in an old home so the echos were loud and it was hard to have a conversation due to the noise. The food was delicious and Chef Nobuo did a phenomenal job putting together the menu. Some of our favorites were the oysters, the shashimi, the hamachi, yellowtail, lamb, and foie gras. Since we had a large group of 8 we were the ones making most of the noise and I did feel bad for the few tables that were around us since I'm sure they had a hard time conversing. I would gladly go back and try the tasting menu.
