3	The Warrior Dash is fun.  It's a short obstacle course race at 5K.  It is the most popular race in the US currently, obstacle or otherwise.  This is due in large part to its mass appeal.  The distance is doable by a great number of people.  The obstacles are friendly to the masses.   And they put on a good after-party.My biggest gripe is the price.  I was able to purchase tickets on Groupon for $30 a ticket.  I would not have been nearly as satisfied with the event if I had paid $60 for the event, $20 to park , and then paid typical high prices for food and drink at the event.  Also, can we not spring for a few more port-a-potties?...we really need a huge line to use the bathroom at a race event?Having recently done the Tough Mudder I did not gain a personal sense of accomplishment from the Warrior Dash.  For those who are able to attain that, this event would probably be a better experience.  There is certainly a good vibe  and scene happening at the event.  I would do it again at the Groupon price...especially with a group of people.
4	Very fun race. The obstacles were good (not too easy, but not too hard). Even if you are not in the best of shape you can complete the race and all obstacles. Mind over matter. The big CON for me is the shower/ hose down area. It wasn't the most effective. More trucks were needed. Suggestion: it would be great to have more vendors especially a shoe vendor like Nike, new balance etc. great opportunity for us racers to get new shoes perhaps at a discount since we donated ours
4	The Warrior Dash is a well organized and executed casual obstacle race.Pro's: -Good sized wave starts allow racers to enjoy running with others but not get backed up at the obstacles-Well setup course that spaces obstacles pretty evenly between stretches of running-The mud mix was great, like a mixture between setting concrete and quicksand-Jumping over fire is always fun!-The turkey legs are a nice touchCon's:-Obstacles are too easy. I think tougher obstacles would make the overall experience better and more memorable, especially since it's a pretty short race-Need a monkey bar or gymnastic ring obstacle. -Finished between water truck runs and had to jump in Lake Las Vegas to wash off.  I think a water hose shower setup like the Tough Mudder uses would work well
5	Warrior Dash was an amazing experience. Located in the very back of Lake Las Vegas, a sea of participants and spectators gathered to ceremoniously declare the day as challengingly magical! Everyone seemed to truly capitalize on the "carpe diem" aura by wearing festive colors and unique costumes as they danced to the tunes of world famous DJ Johnny D while competing in waves to conquer the 5K obstacle course. Many of the achievers strove for absolute greatness and some came from far and wide to simply take in the experience while simultaneously having a ton of fun! I witnessed many achievers reach and surpass their personal bests' as they can now scratch the World's largest running race, known as Warrior Dash, off of their respective bucket lists.
4	Fun for a beginners
