4	My son and girlfriend went to this restaurant tonight.  They are not registered users of yelp and asked me to put in a good word for the Mumbai.  They had the  pasanda and the lamb rezala.  They said both were excellent.
4	I enjoyed my visit here. I placed my trust in the helpful waiter to choose what I ate, and was rewarded with two tasty courses. I'm not sure the place is capable of outstanding culinary fireworks, but it terms of reliable, fresh Indian dishes, I was very happy with the place.Overall, we said: "I was really pleased with Mumbai Mansion. I feel that I could go there again, put my trust in the waiter's choices, and be served some more good dishes. If you're in the neighbourhood, I'd certainly say to you that it's worth stopping in to sample some of their high quality dishes."
4	A nice Saturday lunch with my husband to Mumbai Mansion.  We are here fairly frequently and this time it is with a "living social" discount voucher.  I like the veggie & non spicy options they have on the menu but I was a bit disappointed that they could not accommodate my request to add paneer Indian cheese with my vegetable korma, even though I advised I was happy to pay the difference in cost.  The staff are attentive and the food is very prompt and tasty.  The restaurant is spotlessly clean and well presented.  A nice touch is the place mats that are done as the Calcutta new paper and you can sit and read their news articles which are humerus.  A great local Indian restaurant which I will be back to soon no doubt.
2	Came here while in Edinburgh because of the high reviews on Yelp. We came early and was asked to wait while they were still cleaning the floors. We sat for about 10 min. and was seated. I was really looking forward to a great Indian meal, but what we got was really bland food. Since this was the second Indian restaurant we had while in UK that was bland and flavorless, we figured this is just how it is served on the other side of the pond. It seemed like the food needed some more flavoring or cooked longer to bring out the taste. Was very disappointing, although the restaurant was very clean and the bathroom was very nice.
