4	A warm homey place, nice owner. Food was well prepared. Not a wide variety of pastas, in fact, the menu was verbally told to me by the owner/ chef. Overall, a good experience.
4	A nice place to catch a quick and inexpensive lunch. During lunch hours, this little place is PACKED. The four of us had to squeeeeze into a corner, in a table usually set up for 2 people. Not a problem. We all ended up ordering the same thing, rigatoni in tomato basil sauce. Pasta is $5.95, a side salad is $1.75. Just lettuce, tomatoes and vinagrette, nothing special, but the price is right. Pop is $2. The food is pretty good, the sauce is fresh, but what's really outstanding is the service. The man who owns the place (?) is super super friendly and gregarious and the two servers are quick as hell. Food comes out quickly, and plates are snapped up as soon as you're done. There's even a dessert table in there where I saw the owner serving up fresh strawberries with cream. We were in and out in maybe half an hour (after a 10 minute wait to get seated). It was fantastic way to start a day of sightseeing.
4	Having had just checked into our hotel, we were prowling the nearby streets famished. Just around the corner we found a cozy little restaurant called "Cafe Presto". It was casual, and promised light meals (repas leger in French) which was precisely what we were looking for. We were greeted by the avuncular owner. This charming older gentleman led us to our table. As we sat down we asked for water, mentioning that we'd get wine with dinner. "Jolly Good," he replied in his warm accent.There's no menu, he just rhymes off what's available for the day. We selected our dishes and then asked for half a liter of wine; he didn't pause to ask us what we'd like. He simply returned with two bistro style wine glasses (think family dinner table wine glasses on the Sopranos) and the house red.We had a Hot Italian Sausage Pasta and a Beef Stew. Things come delicately flavoured, the tomato sauce is always fresh, and it feels like home cooking. This is a lovely spot to grab a simple and delicious quick lunch or early dinner.It's the atmosphere of this place that really drew us in, and what will draw us back.
4	Good food, attentive service. We'll go back just for the cannoli!  They do NOT accept credit cards - good thing we had cash!
