5	Latkes and blintzes and pickles oh my!I just came from dinner here - best NY style deli in the valley.  I am thrilled and a little frightened at the implications of Chompie's opening 5 minutes from my office.I thoroughly enjoyed the crispy, slightly oniony latke (potato pancake) appetizer.  My chocolate phosphate was to die for.  Maybe not that good but it was spot on.My corned beef on rye?  Like buttah.  Oy like I need a great corned beef sandwich 5 minutes from the office.I loved the decor and the hustle and bustle the place already has.  Great NY scenes all around blended in with an open modern feel.Bonus wifi room past the deli counter.  Yes, you'll see me there with my laptop, coffee and some of that divine looking chocolate ruglach I saw in the case.Mazel tov to the Borenstein's on this great addition to the southeast valley!
2	Mediocre service, mediocre food. Horrible deli counter service.  This is the second time I've visited since its grand opening at the end of May.  I was really excited as other locations I've visited were fantastic.  Unfortunately, both of my visits have left me unimpressed.The first visit, we requested a booth. While we were happy to wait for one, they seated us at a table despite several gentle reminders of our request.  We ordered breakfast, an all American and a two egg breakfast.  The service was slow and apathetic. The food was served lukewarm.Well, we all have our off days so I figured we'd try again and see if things would be better this time around. Unfortunately, it was a bit worse with the exception of our server. The food was served late, cold and with hard bagels.  Despite this, I love their bagels so after we choked down our breakfast, we headed to the deli counter to pick up some to take home.  While waiting patiently, we were ignored  and passed over 3 separate times. It took a total of roughly 22 minutes to get 6 bagels.  When we were finally served, it was with all the hospitality of Lurch. Sorry to put you out there, buddy. Anyway, it will be an unlikely event that I will return. Fool me once...
2	A group of us went, and from around the table, it seemed folks enjoyed their food but wasn't necessarily impressed.  Pricey too.  My chopped liver (I know, am I like seventy? I try anything once) reminded me of sweet cat food and the bagel chips were so hard I gave up for fear of my teeth.  Sweet potato fries, ok that rocked.i was excited about the bakery section though.  The counter guy was great, patient with me while I basically bought a sampling of everything.  The choc babka was unmemorable and extremly crumb-y (what a mess cutting it), but add insult to injury, I go to Luci's Marketplace the next day and find the same babka there for 35% less than what I paid at Chompie's.
3	I went to Chompies for a quick bite during work after hearing the buzz  about the great NY style deli sandwiches on tap. I sat at the bar, though small, it obviously wouldn't be a place I would sit and have a few drinks after work. I was reminded by the manager that they now have a happy hour with $1 off drafts! Good to know. I had the Hot Pastrami sandwich with a cup of Tortilla Soup. The size of pastrami was very generous and I barely finished half. The pastrami was stacked 3 inches high and was so tender and juicy. I liked that it had a nice crust of peppery goodness on the edge of each slice. Slap that on Jewish Rye and you're in business!  The soup was good, not great, but good. I don't think it had enough flavor, it was missing a hint of spice and more generous pieces of chicken. It didn't stand out to me.My only gripe was the NY prices. Out the door with tip was $21, so not an average lunch. I think that would be the only reason why I wouldn't frequent this place more often. Jason's Deli is right across the street and whereas Chompie's pastrami sandwich is better, sadly I don't think it is that much better to warrant the price. I'd definitely give it a go. Next time I'll try a reuben!
3	My first visit to Chompies and it was delish!!  So much to choose from on the menu it took me forever to decide.  My waiter was patient with me and offered up some suggestions.  I was bad, so bad.  I had a Monte Cristo Sandwich with fries.  While I waited for my food I took it all in.  I love the NY vibe, the walls with pictures of NY and all the great things about NY.  It made me want to get on a plane and take another trip to NY!!!  And there are several TV's to watch events.  This evening I watched the Mets play and sadly, they lost.  My sandwich was delish!!  Nicely dusted with powered sugar and the ham and turkey were excellent.  The fries were perfect, crispy on the outside and fluffly on the inside.  And my waiter checked on me several times which I appreciated.  I cannot wait to return and try more things off the menu.  I thought it was a bit pricey but the food was good and the portion was generous.  I took half home.  I am giving three stars for now but I'm sure I will bump it up after I've tried the  potato pancakes and the matzo ball soup.   *drool*
1	My mothers retirement home had a reservation for 30 people at Chompies  tomorrow.  The community called to confirm today and Chompies said they didn't see the reservation and they were to busy with TV stations coming to accommodate them.  The community even had the persons name that took the reservation.  There is a big promotion on tomorrow which they didn't even offer to provide them for a different date.  There are a lot of upset seniors. It's very sad, something they were all looking forward to!!
3	Well, it was one of those mornings that started good and then took a turn.  Happy to be getting up early and getting some b-fast with my BF and even more excited to be getting out of our typical 5 mile radius.  Trying a new place was the cherry on top!Chompie's menu is gigantic and I was only looking at breakfast.  So much to choose from, I almost felt lost.  Pulled my typical move of narrowing it down to two or three and ask the server.  He recommended the Athens Skillet (sauteed spinach, artichokes, mushrooms, onions, garlic, tomato, feta, and jack cheese topped with two eggs and served over potatoes). I knew it was going to be a ton of food, but decided I could take it home to enjoy tomorrow.Three things made this experience not my favorite, mostly my own fault and having nothing to do with Chompie's.  1) Something was off with Google Maps, so I was not able to 'check-in' using the Yelp app, it said I was a mile away.  Bummer.  2) Attempting to take that first bite of my delicious skillet, I cut into the egg with my fork and received a explosion of yolk on my shirt and white shorts.  Ugh!  3) When leaving the table, I left my huge box of leftovers sitting on the table.  *tear*What can we all learn from my mishaps?  1) If you choose to eat your egg yolk runny, pierce it softly before diving in or maybe use your had to cover much like squeezing a lemon into a drink.  2) Put your leftovers somewhere that you have to take them to get out of the booth, maybe in your lap?So, while I wasn't happy when I got home from Chompie's, I am still excited to return and do it right this time!
1	Food is so so. Staffs were rude. Might as well just go across the street to Jason's Deli. To add insult to injury, they overcharged us and refuse to issue partial refund.
2	Tried this location for the first time on Father's Day. That in and of itself was a mistake as the place was extremely busy and required a 50 minute wait (hostess said 15-20 min). In the meanwhile we checked the place out and reviewed the menu to determine our order.Finally seated and our waiter takes our order - brings us back our drinks and then disappears. Our coffee and soda's go dry. The table behind us locates their own condiments and refills. Oh, look our waiter returns - long enough to give us a refill and tell us he was bored. Yesterday was evidently much busier and today isn't even a challenge for him. WOW! So our order comes out and we have to give directions on what needs corrected. We wait while he re-does my wife's order. Which then comes out cold and still isn't correct. Seriously?I was told how big the sandwiches are, so I ordered a half pastrami, thinking the $8 price tag isn't really as much as it seems, since the sandwich will be the size of a "regular" size sandwich. Um, yeah, that part didn't pan out. I got a small sandwich piled high pastrami and a little cup of cole slaw. The food itself was good, not great like the hype. Our waiter - yeah, he's missing again and we get no refills. I also noticed management was MIA. He returns long enough to give us the check. There's a mistake on the bill, which he corrects but we of course have to wait and wait. My final opinion? Too expensive for the sandwich I had and breakfast everyone else in my party had. The food is good but the price to quantity ratio is off. If this place didn't have the fanboys it does, I'd say it was doomed, particularly in today's more cost conscious economy.
4	Got together with about 15 other Yelpies this evening to give this Chompie's a whirl.  I had a bowl of Kreplach Soup with a ring of Sesame Bagel toast, a 1/2  Pastrami on Rye, & a cup of Cole Slaw, & everything was just great!  They also gave us complimentary shoestring onions & sauce to dip them in (Yum!), plus plenty of Kosher Dill spears.I prefer the layout of Chompie's in Tempe, but this one is fun too, & our servers handled this mob of characters with friendliness & skill.  Excellent place here, & my meal cost a reasonable $11.28.
5	Chompies did a great job with a little UYE group of about 15 folks.  I had potato pancake, 1/2 corned beef sandwich, onion straws and fried matzo.All quite tasty!Well done once again Chompies!
5	The first time I ate here was at their friends and family pre-opening event. Now, in the interest of full disclosure, I was neither friends nor family at that point (I was discussing a book event with Wendy), though in typical tribal fashion I was adopted by the Borensteins and made mischpucha (translate: family for the non-Yiddish speaking and goyem). Anyway, since that evening I've been there six or eight times. It's always terrific.Though I always order a lean corned beef on rye, I've had a number of things with family and friends. Everything has been fantastic - the traditional comfort food I ate since emerging from the womb. Though I will caution about the matzo ball soup; it has a sweetness I don't care for. We've had blintzes, latkes, fish, knishes... The list is longer but that's all I can think of off the top of my head. Everything has been terrific.Same with the service. I've been treated very well every time I've been there. For good or ill there is now a Chompie's closer to my house. The jury is still out on which it is, I mean, nobody ever said a "latke a day keeps the doctor away." You know what I'm sayin'...
4	Went to my first UYE (thanks Jim & Audrey!) & enjoyed meeting other yelpers, who gave some great insight to their experiences & reviews. It was a great time & the food was great too! I had my introduction to fried matzo balls & potato pancakes, um..... both were awesome! Who knew that applesauce & sour cream would be so good together as a topping, obviously someone did & they were right. If you've never had matzo ball chicken soup, I suggest you try it. Note: it's the best when you are feeling under the weather! Also tried Rugulach - don't even know how to pronounce that correctly, but it's very similar to Baklava, so if you like that you won't be disappointed & it comes in a variety of flavors.I have to say I like this Chompies better than the one in Tempe for a number of reasons.... but mainly because it's so much closer to my house! Lol :) Give it a whirl, you won't be sorry, and if you're not sure about what to get - ask your server - they are very friendly & informative! Good job tonight with such a big group & thanks for the extras!!*****OH YEAH... BTW - THE GOOGLE MAP ADDRESS ON HERE IS WRONG - IT PUTS YOU IN SOME FAR AWAY NEIGHBORHOOD. THE DELI IS RIGHT BEHIND THE CHANDLER MALL. IN THE SPORTS AUTHORITY, BED BATH & BEYOND, DSW, ETC. PARKING LOT. JUST FYI*****
3	Great food - Cruddy service. 3 strikes and you're out. I have experience with Chompie's other locations and have been very impressed with food & service, so I was excited when this location opened down the street from my house. Our 1st two visits we had shockingly bad service. 3rd visit was even worse. There's no $10 sandwich on the planet worth repeatedly crappy service. If you're craving Chompie's drive to Tempe, it's worth the drive.
4	I went to Chompies for the first time recently at a great UYE.  What better way to try somewhere new?  Even if the food is a big fat fail, you know you'll have great company!Luckily, it wasn't a big fat fail.  It was a big fat success.  Tried the Jewish sliders with brisket, gravy, and a potato pancake.  It was like a home-cooked Sunday dinner mom used to make all wrapped up in a challah roll.  Except mom rarely made "Sunday dinner" , and if she did, it would have been wrapped in a tortilla or a Sonic brown paper bag, since we never heard of challah.  But aside from those minor differences, it was just like Sunday dinner.Great service for our rather large group, too.  They even brought out some little cookies for us to try, which led us to the bakery on our way out!  Thanks to Jim and Audrey for organizing, and thanks to Chompie's for a great meal!
2	First time here and we had heard great things from friends about their breakfast. My meal was pretty cold when it arrived and cold hash browns really don't do it for me! The poached eggs were perfect and the wholewheat toast was unusually good but to eat a meal that is half the right temperature and half cold is not great.Service was very friendly and coffee refills came quickly and without asking which is always appreciated.Unfortunately breakfast joints are pretty much everywhere in Chandler so when you have such a choice an experience like this is not going to make me come back.
4	Nicholas took great care of our party of 7! We were greeted quickly and seated almost as fast. We ordered and enjoyed the perfect amount of time for coffee before our meal arrived! We enjoyed delicious food, all of us ordering extremely different items. We never ran shy on coffee or other drinks. All our special request were met with a smile and executed thoroughly.  The "mouse" pancakes where huge and the kids loved the blueberry eyes, pineapple mouth and cherry nose!We really enjoyed ourselves at Chompie's!
4	Great food all around. The pickles they give you to start have an odd taste, but are hard to put down. I normally get the Jewish sliders (not MvF style) with a side of their delicious fries. Overall very satisfied. The wait staff is very friendly and the New York atmosphere makes the experience very enjoyable. Highly recommended.
2	Honestly I wasn't too impressed with the food. Someone told me that the sandwiches were awesome especially their chopped liver. Firstly the menu is just humongous it took me a good 10 minutes just to scan it. On finding the chopped liver sandwich I ordered that but made the error of asking the waitress for the accompanying bread (which she suggested as rye). SO I ended up ordering the half chopped liver with rye.The chopped liver was piled quite high but the sandwich was quite small for the 7 bucks. However I like small portions so this didn't bother me too much Mimi's across the 101 serves similar portions and I don't ind paying for it. However the combination of the sweet rye and gamey chopped liver made the sandwich rather disgusting.Next time if I go back I'm, getting the corned beef with challlah or onion pocket.
3	Visited in July & September, from CA...Great Matzo Ball Soup and other favs, but both visits had a lack of service-- I can't give this place more than 3 stars.
4	I have never been to New York. So, I don't know how "New York" this place really is. However, the sandwiches were great!! The menu is a little overwhelming at first. There was so much food to look at, I thought I'd be there for days. But, they have a great special on Monday nights. A free Half Mile sandwich with the purchase of a Full Mile sandwich. This immediately brought our attention to that portion of the menu. He got Turkey and I got Chicken Salad both on Challah Bread and we split it. The Chicken Salad was amazing and the turkey was right off the bone like Thanksgiving leftovers. I would recommend this to anyone and plan on going back.
1	Went again today and actually had to leave without eating or so much as receiving coffee! This place and I just DO NOT AGREE.
3	Just okay.  Went for a weekday breakfast.  Spent about $9 pre tax and tip.  Got a skillet with potatoes (AWSOME!), 2 eggs, one slice of cheese, 4 slices of avocado.  I thought that was a bit pricey.  I do like that the breakfast comes with a bagel though.  I saved my onion bagel for lunch.  ;)
5	Yummy, huge menu! I have yet to have something that I didn't like.  Plus they give you yummy pickles when you sit down.
3	Let's just say maybe I ordered the wrong sandwich.  I got a veggie breakfast sandwich without the cream cheese, I said to add Muenster cheese and she had them put extra mustard and then I had to ask for my cheese, just a little mix-up.  Well they added so much mustard I had to take off one of the pieces of bread.  And I do like my mustard.  The pickles are delish and got a pound to go!!!  I also got one of my fave cookies that I ate when I got home, the big white one with the sprinkles!  LOL!  Howie likes them too.  All in all just an OK experience, nothing great nothing super bad.  You would think that maybe they would give me some dry bread to replace the mustard soaked bread, but not an option.  That's OK.  Next time I will have to get something else or try Jason's deli just across the parking lot.  I have always likes Jason's!
1	Had a friend tell me that this place was great!  I went there this morning for breakfast.  We have been meaning to go.  Was so not inpressed.  Service had something to be desired.  My benedict was cold, and pretty bland. 2 average meals, sm oj and milks for 35.00.  Thanks but no thanks.
4	Never had matzo ball soup until last year when I attended the UYE here, and now I'm swinging with the best of them.  Cant get enough of that dish (or bowl).  Totally perfect for when you're not feeling so well.  Its even great when you feel fine.The Pastrami is great too.  My favorite sandwich is their Reuben with Pastrami (you can get it with corned beef).  Their potato pancakes are served with applesauce and sour cream.  I adore them.  And don't get me started on their fantastic Jewish Sliders.Love Seinfeld?  You'll find many episode goodies here.  Black & white cookies (Look to the cookie Elaine), chocolate bobka (They're going in first with the last bobka), cinnamon bobka (Cinnamon takes a back seat to no bobka).
4	I had a fantastic experience here today for lunch with 5 friends.  I got the Baja Chicken Sandwich, and it was delicious.  The veggies for the sandwich were fresh and the coleslaw was amazing.  The french fries that came with the sandwich, even though they were steak fries, were not soggy and their ranch was really good.  Some of my friends ordered breakfast which was also amazing looking, and they said it was fantastic.  The service was friendly and prompt, making it easier for all of us to enjoy our time together.  All in all great food and a great lunch out with friends!
4	Ahhh, this place is great.  Love love love the breakfast.  We had great service this morning.The only problem is the bakery area.  It always seems a little disorganized back there.
2	disclaimer: this review and the two stars are for the chandler location ONLY! i will post a review of the tempe location along with the extra star it deserves. i grew up around authentic kosher delis and was in love with chompie''s the first time i went to the tempe location. we went past the one in chandler and decided to give it a try. the restaurant was not busy yet it took quite a while for our sever, who seemed to hate her job, to even come get our drink orders. our drinks came and then it was another 15 minutes until we got our 1/2 sandwich and soup. our waitress then disappeared. the corned beef was lukewam and a little fattier than i'm used to. the matzo ball soup was good-no bagel chips, however. the service shocked me- i'm tempted to give this a one star review since our waitress, amy, was so rude and horrible. i will still be a chompie's fan but plan to avoid the chandler location at all costs!
4	So I have been to all of the other Chompie's, and I must say that this one is the nicest looking one. I went here this morning with the BF and a couple of our friends for breakfast. So the coffee here is just as atrocious as at the other locations.... it is so bad. Normally I can drink a cup of coffee with only half a creamer, but here I put in two creamers and it still tasted terrible. I tried something new today and got the Cabo skillet. It has home fries with bell pepper, onion, jalapeno, cilantro, green chilis, new mexican chili, tomatoes, and scallions in it. Then they melt jalapeno jack cheese on top and put some slices of avocado on that AND it has two eggs on top which I ordered over medium. This thing was good. I mean super good! It was just the right amount of spicy, it did not need any salt and pepper (and I love salt and pepper on my eggs) and it did not need ketchup. It was pretty wonderful and huge, I couldn't eat it all. This is definitely the best thing I've ever had at chompies. Oh, so it comes with a bagel on the side, and mine was a little burnt.... but normally the bagels here are pretty good. The BF got biscuits and gravy and thought they were a bit too sweet, but I don't know about that because I don't like biscuits and gravy and didn't taste it. Our friends got a different skillet and an omelet of sorts, and both said it was really good.   Overall, this was a Chompie's win, especially in comparison to the last few times I've been and it wasn't so good. Also, bring back the Lovie's difficult decision! That was the best thing ever! (a piece of kugel, a latke, a blintz, and a cup of matzo ball soup.... all of my faves on one plate.)
4	This was my first time at Chompies, and I must say the rumors are true... Their Hot Pastrami is the absolute best in AZ. The meat literally melts in your mouth. I loved how there were several choices of bread and cheeses you could choose from. I had mine with Rye and Havarti it was sooooo delicious! I choose Cole Slaw for the side selection I was kind of disappointed about it's small size. I also ordered sweet potato fries, they were okay but I hate that they tasted like they were factory cut. I bought a piece of Red Velvet cake to-go it was okay, I like the Cheesecake factory Red Velvet better. Overall good experience I'll be back. Oh yeah I almost forgot, I ordered a Strawberry shake and they were out of the syrup they normally use to make them, so the manager actually made me one out of fresh strawberries and it was great! My waiter couldn't have been any friendlier either.
1	So, there's no negative stars, too bad. Tried ordering take out before actually eating there to try it - good thing, you couldn't pay me to eat here.The only thing about the Colossal Cobb salad I ordered was the price. $10 and change for lettuce just enough to cover the bottom of the styrofoam with a sprinkle of toppings. Where'd they get their chef, Chili's? What a disappointment. All the reviews say ' a lot of food' ...for who, an infant?I had also ordered a couple of carmelized cookies as well. Didn't know deep fried, greasy discs of oatmeal harder than concrete were called 'cookies'. Good grief, the bakery wasn't even good! Had to spit those things out before they took out a filling. The only good thing about Chandler Chompie's is Jason's Deli right next door.
3	I've been several times.  On a weekday night, they struggled with staffing.  The waitress never came by.  When I say never, her job was order and deliver only.  Not a check on us or refill.  After being done for 15 minutes, I had to walk to the hostess to get my check.  She said she would have the server get.  I told her I hadn't see the server the whole night.  Get me the check, I want to leave.Chompies does have good food.  Just a bad experience and the manager didn't know how to handle.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!! I've only had breakfast here, but I've had their bagels, cream cheese and a few pastries. Their bagels are top notch. Whenever my sister and mom visit from Tucson, we come to Chompie's and they stock up on dozens of bagels to last them until the next time they come up. Since we ordered before 11am on a weekday, I got my breakfast (2 eggs, bacon and two huge pancakes) for $3.99. I checked the receipt and asked the waitress if that price was right because I couldn't fathom all that for $3.99.I can't really speak for some of the other reviews as far as wait times, etc, because yesterday when we went for breakfast (about 10:45) we had good service, and right as we were leaving (probably 11:30 or so) it had gotten SO busy, it was so crowded we could barely get out the door. But that just tells me that everyone loves this place, I don't know why the overall rating for Chompie's is only a 3!
2	Well all the hype and it was a dud..1st time last time..here it goes the 4 pickles they give were ok .. Jey the server was nice. but wasn't sure if they have yoo-hoo ??wife had a 5 dollar milkshake instead like a 16oz glass that was milk and ice blended with whip cream.yes ice chunks in the shake thumbs down,Vincent Vega would have slapped Buddy Holly for that.. i had 5 town on sour dough with wedges ..wedges were awesome hot crisp and tasty..best part of the meal..got side of watered down ranch ughh ..Sandwich was huge and dove right in tasty but assembled with reckless abandon and where was the avocado NONE..i looked...Jey ask if i wanted a side , uh ya its suppose to be there,he brought out quarter of a sliced avocado..now the 2 budlight drafts i had..glass was not chilled so turned my beer warm. total disappointment..Maybe should have had breakfast.. When we left we looked at deserts and Cream cheese spreads looked good maybe we should have had desert..We will never know cause we wont be back..Oh Jey. we saw yoo-hoo in the to go case for drinks.
4	I am always happy when I go to the this Jewish resturant.
4	Yes, I am a fan of challah bread! Awsome!
5	I cannot believe how lucky I am to have a Chompie's down the street from  my house! If you have never been, GO NOW! This place is absolutely amazing. I have never had anything I did not enjoy.
4	I've only eaten here a few times but had heard a lot about Chompie's. I saw something on Food Network "Man Vs.Food" where the host had to eat 12 Jewish Sliders..I just had to try them out. One night a few months back me and my partner wanted to eat at Famous Dave's nearby. They were packed so I said I wanted to check out Chompie's. We were not disappointed. Every time I go I just get the Jewish Slider combos (3 sliders and fries)..It is delish!  My partner usually orders a sandwich or fish and chips.  The service was adequate, nothing to complain about. The only problem anyone had was when someone ordered ribs, they were not that good.  Save that for the bbq place. What I love is that Chompie's also has the bakery/deli counter in the front.
2	Meh, slow. No service to speak of way too much $$ for the so so food. I walk in the front door, no one greets us. We didnt know where to sit. It was chaotic. The pastries are good, but I wont be back.
4	Stopped by Chompie's on a Sunday afternoon after my Niners beat the Lions. Just when I thought the day couldn't get any better, Jewish Sliders come along and prove me wrong. I remembered the guy from Man v. Food taking on the slider challenge and thought 3 sliders shouldn't be a problem. Wrong. Somehow the second slider was abnormally gigantic and I was not able to get to the third. I know, excuses, excuses...but its the truth people! If you're like me and can't finish the sliders, they taste just as great reheated later on in the day or the next day. And the fries and gravy are pretty damn good too. A must try if you venture out here for sure.
4	The egg salad is terrible....so sweet.  But my next visit, I tried breakfast!  WOW!  They cook eggs perfectly!  I only get breakfast now!  It's great here!
2	They have really good baked potato soup, and also really good scrambled eggs and waffle with strawberries and whipped cream.if you are Polish and see that they have pierogi on the menu, don't get your hopes up--this is a Jewish Deli and the pierogis are overdone and dry and don't taste at all like you would expect.   Same if you are Mexican and get the Albondigas soup. Not dry, but definitely an odd flavor.They do have some sort of a "boot camp" breakfast menu. I haven't tried anything on there at all.   The lemon bars were good the first time we went, but not the 2nd; I was told it's hit or miss with the taste of those.It's a cute restaurant chain in AZ with 4, I think, locations, and a NY Deli-type theme. There is graffiti, license plates from NY, sports pix, etc all over the walls as decoration.Mostly we haven't gotten good service here. It's been a pleasant surprise when we have.  And if you go on a Sunday around noonish, they don't take reservations or call-ahead seating and it's normally a 25 to 40 min wait.  And if you have kids? The waitresses mostly forget to bring the cookie they get as part of their meal at the end. I didn't know about it and was surprised, and asked what was that for? She said, it's part of the kids' meal. oh, and if you go to the Tempe location? the manager not only doesn't care, but he can't read the handwriting of the ppl taking your name down, calls the wrong name, passes you up, and then when you ask why it's been longer than they said and ppl who came in after you are getting seated, he gives you an attitide and said he called your name repeatedly. We were sitting right there--we went nowhere, including to their bathroom, while we waited.  Not sure if he whispered my name into someone else's ear, but I'm not deaf. I heard everyone else's name being called, including "Jake" when there was no Jake. I'm pretty sure I was Jake that day, but they denied it and said there was definitely a Jake. Funny I saw no one answering them when they repeatedly called Jake and moved on to the next person on the list.  And it's really a tight squeeze in the Tempe location; the tables/booths seem a bit too close together, especially if you have a baby and need to use a high-chair.
5	Huge fan of the menu, there are a ton of great looking selections.  I got one of their omelettes this time around and left happy.  The food portions are huge.
5	Food is always awesome. Staff didn't panic when my wife has a medical emergency. Manager was beyond helpful and knew what needed to be done in this situation. These people are professionals and not just in the kitchen. Thank you again...          M
5	This place is Awesome. I had the chicken noodle soup tonight and it was fresh and amazing. However, my very favorite thing to get from here is a salt bagel with lox cream cheese. It is sooo good. If you go early in the morning you can get a bagel and coffee for like $4. The coffee isn't great but that's not why you go to chompies.
4	Great food, reasonable prices and a fun atmosphere. Everyone should come here at least once! Their breakfast is fab.
2	Food is always great but the service was horrible.  We sat outside because the weather was perfect but it took about 10 minutes before anyone came to our table. There was people sitting all around us but we were just ignored. Next time I want Chompie's I will be going to location in Tempe!
4	Quantity and quality.I enjoy the pastrami and corned beef.  I tried their hotdog and found it very tasty.  The potatoe cakes are awesom although I dont eat them with the applesause because I just don't get that.  The fries are decent but I avoid the cole slaw and potatoe salad as I'm not a fan of the flavor profile.  The portions are very big.  My mom ordered a small chef salad and found that to be very large.  The Jewish sliders are wonderful.They have a wonder bakery with cakes, slices of cake, cupcakes and an wonderful assortment of cookies.  Of course they bagels, every flavor and all the fixings to go along with them.  They also sell their breads packaged for take home.
2	When I ate here with some friends in the middle of the afternoon we were seated in the far back corner of the restaurant.  We kind of laughed it off wondering why we were shuttled away to the dark lonely bowels of the restaurant.   I can only guess they have a weird seating chart or the waitress was being punished for some reason.  They were pretty dead so you would think they would want to keep the travel distance to a minimum.  Another group was seated about 10 minutes later across the room from us and they actually had the server move them.The food was just average at best.  Nothing really stood out on the menu when we were ordering. I got a pretty tasteless Portabella/Goat Cheese salad.  The service we pretty slow, but it might have just been due to the 30 minute hike to our table.  Maybe I'll have to come back by for breakfast.
4	I love most of the food here... but PLEASE get good coffee. The drip coffee here is horrible and has been forever. It is watered down tasting. Maybe it is just crap/cheap coffee or they try to save money by not using enough grounds per carafe. Ether way, it is horrible.Best hits here are any of the deli sandwiches, matso ball soup, and lox & bagel. I avoid most of the other stuff as it cannot compare in taste. Breakfasts are standard fare... nothing great, nothing horrible.
3	First, possibly closer to a 2.5.Food is adequate.  Service is ALWAYS hit or miss...mostly miss.  Baked goods way overpriced.They need to hire a manager who manages.  Right now it appears everyone just runs open loop.
3	Wow, that is one loud annoying perpetual hum coming from their Refrigerated Cake Display. It really permeates the whole establishment and was very annoying.  Hope someone services that thing.  This location also has consistently slow service, but good food. But, there was better service in the take-out deli.
4	Five stars for food and three stars for prices. I love the Ruebens (yes, they have multiple kinds of them)! I am not so much in love with the price tag. Rueben with drink, tax, and tip comes in around $15. That said, I have eaten at Chompie's around 30 times. I really do like the service and the food. Would recommend for others.
4	I have been here a few times and the food definitely keeps me coming back. One of my favorite choices is the Jewish sliders they are served on a soft roll with a thick potato pancake and juicy sliced beef then topped with cheese a a drizzle of gravy. Beware though these bad boys pack a punch in your stomach you get three to an order and I am lucky if I can eat one and half. They are super filling and be sure to upgrade to the fried onion strings and you wont regret. John likes the corned beef and pastrami sandwich (not really for my tastes). They always give you a generous portion of meat that you can barely taste the bread itself lol. Overall I think this is a great lunch spot and the service is always great.
3	Ordered 2 Benedicts and both were cold. Service was slow on the patio and hostess seemed kind of lost. Would give 2 stars for this visit, but they normally do so much better. Next time, I'll hit theTempe or Scottsdale location and leave another star or two.
4	i took my family there for lunch, and as always, the original Jewish sliders are great.  It only took us about 15 minutes to be seated, and our server was great.  The only thing I would change is the activities they have to keep kids entertained while waiting to eat.  With a 5 year old and a two year old, I can appreciate the value of a menu that they can color on while they are waiting.  The kids menus had great choices, and the chicken fingers my youngest daughter had were phenominal, but keeping them busy while we waited was tough.
5	Jewish Sliders, enuff said.
3	Friendly cheerful service despite being crazy busy on a Friday night.  I had the all-you-can eat fish and chips.  The fish batter was light and crispy, not too greasy, and the fish was tender and flavorful inside.  I did get a large bone in one of the pieces of fish I ate though : (  The fries were nice and crispy, and the coleslaw very flavorful. This is generally a 4 star quality restaurant for me, but minus 1 star for finding a bone in my meal.
4	Chompie's! I got so excited when I saw it was only 5 minutes away from the hotel we were staying at in Chandler, AZ. So, we went there for breakfast one day.We were seated right away and were a little overwhelmed by the HUGE menu that was handed to us. We started off with coffee and were able to pick from about a million different creamers. I got the Chompie's Breakfast Sliders which were scrumptious:) Challah, potato pancake, sausage patty, fried egg and american cheese. Oh, and a side of fruit (so I didn't feel as guilty). My boyfriend got the Stuffed Pancake...lets just say I don't think he read where it said, "Extra Large". A pancake with scrambled eggs, and crispy bacon rolled burrito style. Both him and I could have shared it, it was that big.Anyways, it was yummy and we were stuffed the rest of the day.
3	First, let me say that I absolutely LOVE Chompies. I work in Chandler, so they're a standby for our meetings and any trainings my company hosts. Today was my first time actually going TO this location with my friend. We were seated promptly, the place was clean, our server Denise was friendly, the salad I ordered was delicious . . . Until I found blonde hairs in it. VOMMMMIIIT. I showed Denise as she was about to bring out the check, and she had Bobbi the manager come out and apologize. I was comped for the meal. A star for service, comping the meal, and quality. See, this would be four stars . . .  but I just can't overlook the hair.  :(
3	First time at Chompie's this evening for dinner.  I wanted to go light and the Pastrami sandwich selections did look marvelous but I opted for the Sheila's (I think that is the name) BBQ Chicken salad instead.  This was very tasty although the price was a little overwhelming with only three strip pieces of chicken in the salad.  I think for 13 bucks a few more pieces of meat could have been offered.The manager stopped by to mention she understood us to say this was our first visit and she mentioned the weekly specials.  Was very nice although bad timing.. we had just been served and honestly, we both just wanted to dig in already and playing pleasantries with the manager was difficult.  We did need to ask another server for our check but I'm sure this was due to our server being spread a little thin in sections.  We left her a sizeable tip as she did deserve it in our opinion.We left satisfied and will return again for another selection on the menu.
4	So, we returned for breakfast two days after going for dinner.  (dinner was good except very skimpy on meat for the price.  Three small slices of grilled chicken strips on the salad.  And the manager had to check on us just as we received our meal and pleasantries were annoying.)  We were curious as its hard to find a decent place where we live that isn't an hour long wait looking at folks finishing up their walk of shame in appearance.  Anyway, we were told 20 minutes to be seated it was about 10 at most.  Nice location we were seated and David was our server.  He was humorous and we even joked about some dishes that crashed in the kitchen of which everybody heard.  My husband and I both ordered the Chorizo and cheese omelet which was wonderful but AGAIN a little skimpy on the meat for the price.  I found the coffee to be excellent and I exchanged my potatoes for a jalapeno and cheese bagel of which was genius in my opinion.  So, dinner was ok, a little pricey but breakfast was pricey as well, but even more worth it.
3	Great breakfasts if you stick to their strengths--bagels, challah, potato pancakes, lox, etc. The breakfast sliders are fantastic, and my wife is a huge fan of the breakfast tapas.Skip the skillets, scrambles (with the possible exception of the Leo), omelets, and regular diner fare; this really isn't where Chompie's talents lie and they've been a disappointment every time I've strayed.Oh, and watch your step getting out of your booth. Why they thought it was wise to make you step up 6 inches to sit in them is beyond me.
4	This particular location isn't as busy as the location in Tempe. Why that is, I am not sure considering it is sitting across the street from the mall.Over all the food and service is very good. Very attentive and food is HUGE! No matter what you order, it's tough to finish.Bakery has a lot to offer anyone who comes in. Bagels are fresh in the morning, but I would not recommend purchasing after 11AM.The cream cheese is awesome, which we brought home tonight.
4	Stay away from Chompie's if you're at all trying to 'watch what you eat'.. from the time you walk in and are greeted by the vast display of goodies and pastries.. to the extensive menu that offers everything from all-day breakfast dishes like challah roll french toast to mile high sandwiches, you will likely be un-successful in ordering, much less consuming something that is figure friendly.  Well I have been eating waaay too many salads this month, so I was really hard up for some meat and some tasty animal fat... wasn't wanting to go all out, but I definitely wanted a non-salad meal, heavy with protein & animal fat.  I didn't exactly pick this place (it was more of a group decision), but it would have to do.  Our party of 4 got seated quickly during prime Fri lunch time and commenced to read the literary novel that is their 15 page menu (ok, maybe more like 8)...  'I want some meat, a big ass hunk of meat... ooh, there's a mile-high pastrami... nah.. OOoh, how bout sliders?.. nah, too much bread..  fish?...ooh, they have all-you-can-eat fish & chips today???... FOCUS April! you're looking for MEAT... alright... maybe a burger?.. yeah.. gluten free bread?.. hmm.. not bad.. why not?.. oh yeah, AND with BACON on it.. and some cheese!'  There! I had gone through all my meat-options on the menu and settled on a huge bacon cheese-burger with a Gluten-Free bun and side of sweet potatoes.  When the order came up, it was ginormous!  Actually, ALL our orders were huge plates, plentiful with fries and those who got mile-highs were also stacked high with sandwich meat.  We all walked out stuffed and some with to-go boxes.  I tried the fish & chips and it was decent (not better than the fish I've had at FIbbers, but decent).  I wasn't underwhelmed with my Gluten-free bun.  It was tall and had a small diameter (like a muffin), so it was very awkward to eat it as the 'bun' when the huge diamater meat patty hung over... so I just removed it and had the patty, bacon, and cheese solo.. and of course some fries.  BTW, their fries were, across the plates at our table, soggy and not crisp (my table partners didn't like that, but I love soggy fries, so I can't complain.. apparently, soggy is not the popular vote for fries).All in all: quick seating at lunch time, friendly waitress did her job, manager came by to great us, food was huge portions, soggy fries, odd GF bun, great selection of deserts, overwhelming lunch menu... immediate lunch food coma.
5	Always too much food!  Try the chicken finger wrap with ranch. Yum!  Pierogies are huge too and well worth it!
4	Every since I saw this place on Man vs. Food  I wanted to go there to try the jewish sliders, and I tell you it was worth the wait great tasting sliders and I recommend the sweet potato fries I also got a order of the turkey sliders wow they were so good, it was like having thankgiving leftovers they even put in cranberry sauce on the challah roll. Had great service and a awesome bloddy mary.
4	Love the sliders.
4	I've been wanting to try Chompies for awhile since I was born in Philly and have been to NYC several times. It was a rocky start, which dropped them from a 5 to 4 stars, but overall, the experience was great.First, we arrive around 11:30am and there are a few people waiting. There were 2 hostesses and 1 server (I think) standing there chatting amongst themselves. They didn't greet us or acknowledge us at all. I finally said EXCUSE ME do we seat ourselves or how does this work? The hostess took our name and said it would be a 10-15 min wait, which I thought was strange since it wasn't very crowded at all. We did end up waiting 10 mins and were finally seated. Hostesses = fail.Our server, Roxy, was AWESOME. The menu is so long and there are so many choices. Being our first time there, I had about a zillion questions and she was very patient and explained everything thoroughly, made suggestions, really helped us feel comfortable with the menu. She brought out everything so fast. I asked for a different drink because I didn't like the Arnold Palmer I ordered, and she brought a replacement in no time. We needed extra plates, and extra set of utensils because my 3 year old dropped his, and Roxy was on it. At the end of the meal Foxy brought my.kids 2 huge cookies (she asked permission first). Really great service.On to the food...To start they brought us 2 kinds of pickles - kosher and sour. Both were really good and crunchy. After pouring over the menu we finally decided on the Nova Lox bagel plate and the Dave's deli eggs benedict. Wow! First of all, these plates are HUGE. Don't expect to finish your meal. I was impressed with my bagel and lox plate. Served very traditionally - red onion, capers, cucumber...everything was so fresh and crisp...heaven! The smoked salmon aux really good flavor and texture. And the bagel...very fresh, toasted perfectly, really tasty, as was the cream cheese. Awesome execution of one of my traditional favorites. My husband had the Dave's deli eggs benedict which was perfect because it combined a lot of things we wanted to try- corned beef hash, latkes, eggs benedict - it really all came together beautifully. Great flavor. My kids split a kids meal - bagel and cream cheese and fresh fruit.In short, the service and food were outstanding. I will definitely be back. And if they tighten up the front of the house and get their hostesses in check, I wouldn't hesitate to give this place 5 stars all the way.
2	For Breakfast:Well I decided to try Chompies for breakfast today and I got portobellas again so I must be a gluten for punishment.  I was actually seated in the front today which was cool and my waitress was very nice, but the eggs benedict was not what I was expecting.  The Portobello Benedict is more expensive than all but the one with lox which was kinda sad since I am vegetarian.  They have departed from the standard eggs benedict with not a appealing result.  It comes on a bagel that is supposed to be toasted which is wasn't. So it was cold and chewy and a whole lot of bread in comparison to the rest of the toppings. They also decided to add cheese to all of the different combos which when you combine it with the hollandaise is not a good thing.  And there were only two tiny pieces of mushroom on the whole plate.... so I am not sure what I was charged extra for. Very disappointing there are far better eggs benny in the area ( see my other reviews )  Maybe this place is just not for vegetarians.  If you do go and order the eggs benedict do yourself a favor and get the english muffin ( tell them to toast it ) and skip the cheese.For Lunch:When I ate here with some friends in the middle of the afternoon we were seated in the far back corner of the restaurant.  We kind of laughed it off wondering why we were shuttled away to the dark lonely bowels of the restaurant.   I can only guess they have a weird seating chart or the waitress was being punished for some reason.  They were pretty dead so you would think they would want to keep the travel distance to a minimum.  Another group was seated about 10 minutes later across the room from us and they actually had the server move them.The food was just average at best.  Nothing really stood out on the menu when we were ordering. I got a pretty tasteless Portabella/Goat Cheese salad.  The service we pretty slow, but it might have just been due to the 30 minute hike to our table.  Maybe I'll have to come back by for breakfast.
2	This was my first time in a Chompie's and first impressions are lasting impressions for me. Let me break this down for you...We entered the restaurant and it was very busy but we didn't have to wait long to be seated and we did get a nice booth. The menu is vast that's the only way I could put it for my first time there I was just overwhelmed by the choice's they offered. I ended up getting the Cajun Chicken, my grandmother had a Meatloaf sandwich both came with potato fries. My Cajun Chicken which was supposed to be HOT was delicious but it was less than mild. My grandmother said her meatloaf wasn't very flavor full, I didn't try it but I would take her word for it. The restaurant was very loud and my grandmother is 80 years old so it was difficult for her to converse with me. The portions are huge neither of us were able to finish our plates, I personally don't care for giant portions. You will be assaulted with food at every turn in this place which makes sensible choices difficult. Chompies, honestly, it reminded me of an upscale Denny's. Better food, but atmosphere was exactly the same... If you've ever been in a typical Denny's you'll know exactly what that comparison means. Our server wasn't the best, we felt neglected at times and she was very pushy for us to hurry and place our order. Overall, my first impression of Chompies was not a good one and I'm still on the fence about weather or not I would return.
4	I have been to the Tempe location of Chompies many times but have been wanting to go the the Chandler location as it is much closer to where I live. Since we have family in town, we decided to take them here the other night so they could sample all of the awesome. We went for dinner around 6:30p on Saturday night and I was moderately surprised to see that they were quite slow for the time of night. We were promptly seated by a very bubbly hostess. Our waiter came by shortly later and was equally friendly. There were 3 adults and 2 children in our party and we split 2 meals between us. The meals are HUGE!!! We ended up with leftover after sharing the 2 meals 5 ways!!!We ordered the Jewish sliders and the Monte Cristo Sandwich. Both were very good, but the Jewish sliders were REALLY something special. My husband is Jewish and was raised eating his grandmothers authentic Jewish cooking. He said that the sliders taste just like something his grandmother used to make.Our server was very responsive and anticipated refills that were needed. The meal seemed to take longer to make then I anticipated considering how slow they were. Since we didn't have anything else going on we didn't mind the wait. Bottom line:* Food is awesome and authentic to NY and the Jewish style cooking.* Not a great place to go if you are in a rushWe will definitely be returning to Chompies for more of their Jewish sliders in the near future!
3	My first time to patronage this establishment.  Service with Amanda was excellent, food just OK (hot pastrami).  Will give it another try, looking for that one dish I can always count on when THE taste hits me!  For all my military buddies, they discount 20% with your military ID card.
2	I saw it on Man vs. Food, so I had to try it.  But, it was so-so.  I think the food was better than the "Denny's" comment below, but the service really left a lot to be desired.  We came in after lunch was over, and I think we got stuck between servers coming and going.  That does not make it alright, but I am trying to be objective.The biggest complaint - OVERPRICED!!!!  $70 for lunch for 5 is stupid expensive.  The portions are really big, but taking a to-go box in Phoenix in the summer just isn't possible.  I would rather have paid less and gotten half as much food.As to the sliders - they were good, but a little overrated.All in all, I went, I don't hate it, but I am not hurrying to go back.
4	Want great food? This is the place! I was originally turned on to Chompie's when I saw it on Man Vs Food and I have been back multiple times. The Original sliders are the best! They are full of flavor and you will be more than satisfied with the taste and amount of food offered.I have had all the sliders and Original are the best. That said, you can't go wrong with any of their breakfast choices, but the stuffed french toast is more like a dessert than anything.Delish... Takes me back to NYC..If you're not sure about the sliders then go on Tuesdays when they offer the all you can eat sliders for $9, but good luck putting down more than 4!
4	Great food great people if you have not been here your life is not yet complete..
2	The waitress we had here was horrible.  The bus boy gave us more attention than she did.  I say give him her job!  The food was OK nothing spectacular, a little over priced, but you are paying for the ambiance I guess.
3	I would like to write an update on my original review.  I was actually contacted by someone in customer service yesterday on my initial experience at this location.  They stated they were concerned on how my experience was and they were going to turn it over to the proper management team.  That in my eyes truly does deserve another visit and another star on top of that.  It's nice to see a company reading these reviews and taking action.
5	I have a sweet spot for Kosher deli, and Chompie's satisfies that spot flawlessly. Their menu has somethng for everyone, even the picky eaters like my best friend, although my personal favorite is the beef brisket on whole grain. If I lived closer, I would eat that so much I would proably turn into beef brisket. They have a dessert counter that I dare you to walk by without desperately wanting to buy yourself a treat, I'm a big cannoli person and their cannolis are some of the best I've ever had. If you're a big deli person I highly recommend this place.
1	Went to Chompies at the Chandler Mall today.  It is the second time I have been to this location.  We were seated right away and went ahead and ordered right after we received our drinks.We waited for a very long time for our lunch to come.  I ordered a chef salad with the fat free honey mustard dressing.  When I looked in my dressing, there was this lump of something in it.  I poured it onto my bowl and it looked like a long rubbery lugie (sp?) or snotty thing.  I was immediately grossed out and was trying to find our waitress to help me out.  We hadn't seen our waitress in a very long time - we even had to call her over a couple of times for refills.  Well, she never came so then we saw the hostess coming by, so we grabbed her and showed her what was on my plate.  She made this horrible face and said she would take it away.  The manager came over after that and said he would expedite another one and tried to explain that the dressings come in a large gallon bucket and so that was rubbery ball was in the gallon of dressing (I actually own a restaurant that serves salads and have never come across something like that in 18 years).  Well, after 15 minutes I finally got another salad.  When we were all done eating, the waitress brought our check to us.  On the bottom of the check it said that there was a comp for a salad for $9.99.  I thought this was a great way to remedy the problem (again, owning a restaurant myself, I would have done the same thing).  HOWEVER, when looking over the entire bill - Chompies staff/manager went ahead and charged me for TWO salads, comping only ONE them!  This way, it looked like they were comping the salad, but they really got paid for it!  We only ordered ONE salad!!We asked the manager who was standing by our booth, if he meant to charge us for two salads, taking only one of our bill.  He was a bit stunned!  What a sneaky way to do business.  We payed the bill in full and WILL NEVER RETURN!!!!!!
1	We decided to try this for breakfast after getting our Christmas pictures done.  Big mistake.  It took awhile to be seated even though there were a lot of tables available.  We got drinks pretty quickly but refills on the coffee were non existant even after I placed both cup on the end of our table.  My husband ordered a ham and cheese omelette and asked for the hash brown w/out onions, I ordered the spanish omelette and asked for the onion to be cooked or left out.  It took forever to get our food and when it arrived my husbands hash browns were cold and loaded with onions.  Mine the onions were raw.  My daughter had a bagel and fruit that was fine but how can you mess that up.  On top of everything it was a litle on the pricey side.  We will NEVER go back again!
4	I've gone here twice and had good experiences both times. Service is a litle slow so I wouldn't come here if you are in a hurry. But, what I would recommend is to come here and enjoy the extreme deliciousness that is Chompies.I've had the Jewish sliders (which are incredible!), the knish, cheese blintz, pastrami sandwich and the chicken matzo ball soup. MUST HAVE THE MATZO BALL SOUP!! I did feel quite full after sharing a large bowl though so prepare for a lot of soup. The knish I had was the potato and onion. I liked it but it was very one note after a while. I had a few bites of my boyfriends mile high pastrami sandwich on challah bread and it was divine!! The challah bread was sweet and amazing and the pastrami was perfect! The blintz is a good sweet dish but also savory. Probably wouldn't come here if you are on a diet.Prices are decent, decor is cool and the bakery walking in/out is amazing. They also serve Dr. Brown, which is great soda if you've never had it. Good food, good location, good experiences. Will be back!
3	Was in Zona for a wedding and went on the hunt for a breakfast joint. Settled on Chompie's and was not disappointed. I had the Athens skillet which was tasty. However, it was loaded with garlic, so be forewarned if you plan on making out with some hottie after breakfast! I also tried a pumpkin bagel which was delicious with plain cream cheese. I think the pumpkin cream cheese would have been overkill. Till next time!
2	I ordered the Baja Burger. I said Baja Burger. When the food came, it looked like chicken. I said, "I ordered a burger." The waitress replied, "It's a chicken burger." Being the reasonable person I am, I assumed I hadn't been paying attention (which has been known to happen) and wondered to myself why they'd put a 'chicken burger' in the burger section. I mean, I read the description - it said nothing about being chicken. Whatever, it looked good so I chalked it up to me not paying attention and let it go. The 'chicken burger' was delicious. So good. I was very pleased.The service was pretty slow, especially after we got our food. The hostess cleared our plates and we waited patiently - for who knows how long - for our waitress to come back by. She finally dropped the check, at which point we waited a while longer - long enough for me to take a leisurely trip to the restroom - before she finally came back by to retrieve the check and run my card.On the way to the restroom, I passed the kitchen where I saw the waitress either doing her sidework or checking out others' sidework. Either way, I had my answer as to why the service slowed to a crawl.Oh, and on that check was printed, "Baja Chicken Sandwich." I checked the menu on my phone to make sure I wasn't losing my mind. I wasn't.I said burger.
5	I came here a couple of weeks ago and was very surprised at how great everything was - from the service to the food to the diverse menu. To begin, we were given pickles as a bit of an appetizer for free. The manager came to our table a couple of times to check on us, and she was very sweet and informative. She suggested that we try an Arnold Palmer with pink lemonade and iced tea which was absolutely delicious. I ordered a cheeseburger with onion rings and my mom ordered a chicken ranch sandwich - both of which were were very tasty. Right before we left, we stopped by the inside bakery and ordered some cookies which were also very delicious and affordable. The overall experience at this location was amazing, you can definitely tell that customer service is definitely at its prime here.
1	Dirty restaurants....broken bathrooms...most of the food is just ok. Just go to a Denny's if this is what you want and pay less. Otherwise Arizona has plenty of other much better breakfast restaurants to choose from. I guess when you have absentee owners or ones that cheap out...this is what you get. Go to the US Egg, Daily Dose, or Breakfast Club in Scottsdale instead.
3	Decent enough!
4	Everything we've had here has been delicious! It's a certain type of food--if you don't like strong flavors and sauces, maybe it won't be for you, but we think it's fantastic. The appetizers are good--try the homemade chips with onion dip, or the onion straws. Both are fantastic but start filling you up fast. The sandwiches are awesome--I've tried the reuben and the pastrami. Whatever sauerkraut they use is delicious and not too strong. My wife has also tried the french toast, and it was decadent. Definitely at least two meals' worth. They also have a lot of gluten-free items, including desserts, in case you are with someone with an intolerance or allergy.The service is mostly good, but a bit slow for my tastes. The last time we visited, our server would disappear for long periods of time, which can be inconvenient for some.
5	My family came in from out of town and we went down and had breakfast not one day but four days out of the six they were here. When you go in ask for David.   David was awesome, he never let the coffee cup get below half full.  My dad and I were debating on the corn beef hash and he even brought a sample for us to try before we both ordered.  Through out the week we had several different items off the menu, potatoe latke, the french toast, bagels, and even some items from the bakery, and never dissapointed.  This is a night and day experiance from the Tempe Chompies, that store could learn a few things from Chandler.
2	Okay sandwiches but the To Go counter help needs to be trained better.  Really have no clue about their own restaurant..and when a bubbie is picking like a 1000 different cookies for passover..maybe get some help so orders can be taken.
5	For a white/hispanic/german dude this place was OFF THE HOOK GOOD!! It matched all my taste buds needs. The jewish sliders are so tasty with the fries and gravy. Our server David was really great and funny and kept our drinks full. The cookies at the counter kept the kids enthralled and the prices, great food and great service kept me more than thrilled.
5	This place is awesome. Jewish sliders and the ny pastrami are all I've tried bc they are so good. My wife gets the soup and it's the best I've ever had.
4	Jewish sliders are really good, will try the BBQ sliders next time. Good service, this dinning location is smaller than the one Tempe but nonetheless, great place to eat.
4	Very good food, however it is spendy. There is a deal for Veterans though right now, take your DD214 or something that says you are a Vet and they will give you 50% off.
1	Sorry to all of you Chompie fanatics, but I have two words to describe this place...EPIC DISAPPOINTMENT! Have heard so many good things about this place from friends, even Adam Richmond (Man vs Food) said it was good. Where to start....I love a good rueben so I ordered the Granpa Rudy with corned beef instead of pastrami, $14.99. The most tastless sandwhich I have ever eaten. The corned beef had NO flavor at all, the cheese was tastless and I am not sure if it even had dressing. It doesn't matter how much corned beef you pile on a sandwich, if it's tastless all you have is a big pile of tastless meat! My gf ordered the sliders. Again the brisket (I think thats what it was suppose to be) was bland as anything, the gravy was so heavy it ruined everything and the potato cakes were burnt, greasy and tasted like they were old. I even took some photos but refuse to post them and give Chompies free advertising. This was a "been-there-done-that" moment. Won't be back.
4	Good food.service not so good waiter sounded tired as if he wanted to go home instead of working
4	Delicious pastrami sandwiches. Split one because they are huge. Had a nice large multiple ingredient salad that was rather tasteless but somehow very satisfying... Go figure.  The knish was weird, not one seen in my New York days.  I think the place is really cute and the service top notch.Cons: pricey
1	Not impressed with food or service. My order contained eggs and asked the waiter if they were scrambled, he said yes. They came and not scrambled, it was like a flat hard boiled egg, no flavor. Waiter said that's the way they come. The potatoe pancakes, no flavor...NOTHING out of is world! Later manager came and said hello and asked how was their service...I told her and all she could say was oh, so sorry for your experience, waited to see other reaction, she said bye...I said you know I am going to post a review...she smiled. Not returning!
4	I was in need of a comfort food fix and to me that means Delicatessan... Chompies was close by and most of the reviews looked good so I gave it a try.My waiter Dane was very nice and service was great.I started with matzo ball soup and wasn't dissapointed although I did find a bone in mine I wasn't turned off or upset, in fact it proved that they make the soup from real chickens not just store bought broth and it tasted like it...yummy.  I also had the hot pastrami which was tasty as well.  I would definitely retuen when in Phoenix.
4	I'd probably give this place 3.5 stars, so for the sake of yelp, I'll round up.  They have a nice big menu with tons to choose from for any meal of the day.  While I've enjoyed the food and have had friendly service, I'm just not excited about the place.  The pastry display at the front of the store is beautiful and definitely piques your interest, but I'd say it's 1/3-1/2 full of butter cookies and while butter cookies are good, how excited can you get about them?  The prices are a little high, but then kids eat free on Tuesday.
2	I was a loyal Chompies customer up until today's visit.  This is the second time in as many months that I received really poor service. My family and I went for Father's Day, expecting the place to be jammed but it wasn't busy at all.  However, the service was slow, slow, SLOW...  We ordered two appetizers and got just one (we still don't know what happened to the other one), the food was "meh" - the Philly Cheesesteak was mostly roll and overcooked shredded beef.  It took over 30 minutes to get entrees - our server always "disappeared" into the kitchen.  We ordered desserts but didn't have forks to eat them with and couldn't find the server to get any (we had to flag down someone else, 10 minutes after our desserts came).Overall the service just seemed really sloppy and low class.  The food was OK but not worth the wait or the poor service.  Even the dessert (Chompies always had awesome baked goods) were a bit stale and tasteless.It's sad because Chompies was never like this before.  Hopefully they improve but I'd suggest you think twice before paying for poor service.
4	I've only been here once, but I have a feeling that after another trip or two, this 4 star review would likely become a 5. The bagels were fabulous.We had some of the Thanksgiving Sliders with turkey, cranberry sauce, perfectly grilled potato pancakes and turkey gravy on the side; they were fantastic!
4	One word...awesome! Chompies is authentic, the food delicious, and the service prompt and friendly. We eat breakfast here every sunday. I highly recommend the classic french toast and for lunch or dinner the Jewish sliders are amazing!
5	Yes five stars says it all, Chompies is my bagel retreat.  This place has all your kosher goods and we are talking about breakfast through dinner options.  Black and White cookies, check!
5	I have been to each of the Chompies locations, this one is my favorite, but all of them have had great service and fantastic food.I love that they have potato pancakes, which is the first thing I ever ordered from them and they didn't dissappoint!  They even give you apple sauce for them, which rarely happens places.The smoked salmon is delicious and is my current favorite things are the ones that have it on it.  I'm not a big fan of the complimentary pickles they bring to the table...they just aren't pickley enough for me, they kind of just taste like cucumber that have sat in vinegar for a little while.
4	Great food and service. I had the meatloaf. The portion was big, and really tasty. I had mashed potatoes, and glazed carrots. They were fresh and tasty. Then, I had to grab a few pastries. I had a small eclair and it was awesome. The service staff were very friendly, the place was nice and clean, the restrooms were clean. It reminded me of a deli in Manhattan and a diner in upstate were mixed. I will be back for a pastrami sandwich, and breakfast.
5	This was our second visit to a Chompie's Deli, only because our first was so fabulous!  The portions are huge and their sandwich combinations are really really good!  The food is always flavorful, abundant, and of good quality. Both visits, to 2 different Chompie's, have given us friendly and excellent service. Prices are on the higher side, but you absolutely get what you pay for. We would not hesitate to seek out a Chompie's next time we drive through Arizona.
4	No, honey, you're not in New York, Chicago, or L.A.See those tanlines on your thighs? Yes, you're in Arizona.Your backsweat confirms this.Out of the car, sexy. It's time for lunch.Nope. Definitely NOT Brooklyn.NevertheWoodyAllenless, Chompie's does a wonderful Jewish deli impression.Wait! Not an impression. It's the real, cop-a-feel deal Holyfield.There's a meat market near the entrance, with acres of sausage (heyooo!) and a bakery for takeout, with all the usual delicatessen suspects. Off to the side (not a sideshow so much as it's the main event) is a brightly lit, "don't even think of comparing us to Applebee's" casual, sit-down restaurant. Whether gorging at home or in public, Chompie's is your Heavenly, Hebrew enabler in case your "I only eat healthy chick food" waistline has a deathwish.What a way to go, ho!- fantastic soups of the day-  salad, done right (as in, mostly dressing, cheese and [chosen meat], with a token    offering of lettuce- sandwiches that consist of a huge platter of meat with a couple of triangles of toast    hidden somewhere beneath- gravy, Gravy, GRAVY- pickles. On EVERYTHING.- French fries that are served in portions large enough to share with everyone at your    table, or at least one very fat man.- attentive servers that aren't snooty or b*tchy or ignorey (not a word, but whatever)The only possible drawback is the slightly Disneylandish pricing of the food, but meh, it's not really Futureland-bad. And anyway, would you rather have a $15 Mickey Mouse pencil topper that you'll end up losing in your P.E. locker under a bunch of socks, or a $15 Reuben sandwich that can feed an African nation for the foreseeable future?'Sactly.Oh, and mom called.She said f*ck your diet.
3	The burgers here are delicious. The price is relatively good. They have a bakery with some amazing treats. The environment inside is nice and they have TVs with sports playing usually. They give you free pickles and bread while you wait. The service is decent.
4	Got here about 2:30 and got seated right away. They brought a bowl of pickles over and I have to say after three refills, it still wasn't enough (loved them)!They food took about 15 min and when it came there was a lot of it. My wife got the Monte Cristo and she really enjoyed it. The strawberry jam had whole mini strawberries in it, good stuff.I ordered the Jewish sliders and these were really good. The meat was tender and delicious, the potato pancake was perfect and the hola bread was very flavorful. I should have ordered the coleslaw because with the fries it was way to much starch (next time).Our server Beth was very attentive and we will be back, do that the menu has a million things to choose from.
5	We went with 6 people and ordered many different meals.  Here's a summary...  Pros:  Food was amazing!  Good portion size.  Excellent pastrami!  Bagels were perfectly toasted.  Syrup was the best we've ever had!  French toast was cooked well on the outside and soft on the inside - "so good!"  We were in a rush and it was only 35 minutes from the time we were seated until we left - the waitress was very accommodating!  Potatoes had very flavorful seasoning.Cons:  It took a long time to get a table for 6 people (not crowded on a Tuesday at noon).  The waiting area was very warm.  Our waitress had a cold and wiped her runny nose on her hand.
4	Great bagels, amazing pickles, and decent prices. The staff here is always friendly. The bakery has a huge selection for treats to take home. I love Chompies for breakfast. Try one of their eggs Benedict plates. You won't be disappointed.
5	Visited 8/2/13.It has been a while since I have been to Chompie's.  Long before I was involved in Yelp. This was a pleasant change. I had order of sliders which were excellent.  I could never finish the challenge!!  Also had Clam Chowder which was very good. Ordered a "cup" expecting a small cup and got what I would call a "bowl."Looking forward to my return for the Monte Cristo. Great comfort Deli type food.
4	I love Chompies! I come here about 2 times a month. It's the only Jewish deli in my area. I have to admit that sometimes the service is less than stellar but the food is always good.....
5	Wow. What an excellent breakfast. I had Van Wyck Expressway skillet and would have licked it clean if it was socially acceptable. Wife had Blake's Cheese Blintzes (one cheese and one blueberry). She stated it was perfect. My sister had Granny Girls skillet, cleaned it up.  Mom had the breakfast of champions (scrambled eggs and pancakes). Very fluffy pancakes and moist eggs.   Wait staff was friendly and attentive (nice job Tracy R.)Highly recommended.
1	Disclaimer: I really tried to give Chompies a chance. For really reals. I give it one star for the tasty pickles given before the meal.First off, the menu is way too long and overly complicated. Too many choices! I watched the other diners also pore over their menus in befuddlement. I had to make a snap decision or I could've read that novel all night. Seeing the famous original Jewish sliders (featured on Food Network's Man vs. Food so they MUST be good, right??) I made my decision. And they come with gravy, which should always be a win-win. I also ordered the matzo ball appetizer and tried the potato knish. Both were mostly flavorless, greasy, and tasted frozen. The matzo app was served with a ranch dipping sauce (WHY??!) and the potato knish was a small, lonely loaf of deep-fried sadness. The rest of the meal was even more disappointing. The sliders came out very quickly-- much too quickly to be freshly made. They came with a side of potato wedges, which tasted rather stale and definitely was frozen. The sliders were larger than expected, but the buns were heavily greased and required multiple napkins throughout the meal. The brown gravy served on the side as well as on the sliders was nothing to write home about either -- tasted like any other gravy, I guess if you like that powdered gravy mix taste. I'm not sure what kind of meat was on the sliders... Beef? I'm guessing so as its supposed to be a Jewish style/New York delicatessen. Upon further inspection, the "beef" had a strange iridescent sheen, a telltale sign of suspect meat. Long story short, I ate what I could of this sad meal and begrudgingly paid for the $30 + bill for food that I didn't like, not even one bit. The baked goods/gleaming dessert counter on the way out didn't even call to me, as I was already feeling disgusting and ashamed of my carb-and-grease loaded meal. Me turning down cannoli? Yeah, that's pretty bad.
2	I was very excited about eating here, especially after seeing all the goodies in the bakery cases- just like back east!We went for a nice lunch on a Saturday.  Our waitress was over stretched with all the tables.  She was very nice but service was slow- not her fault.  The hot sandwich had to be returned because it was ice cold, the salad was runny, My matzo ball soup was very good, and so was everything else once it arrived. Everything took forever to get, including the check.  She did take the salad off, but it took 20 minutes for her to return with the corrected check....over 2 hours later, lunch was over.Went to get some pastries from the bakery and stood at the register while they bakery girls stood talking and didn't acknowledge me.  Tried a mini cannoli for $2.50.  The shell was soggy, like it was made yesterday.  A soggy shell is a major slip up.  Thought the pastries were over priced.Wil I try them again, probably, but not anytime soon.  Was very  disappointed.
1	What is going on?  Tonight out of rolls for Aarons sandwich, the substitute stale.  Sheila BBQ chicken salad had the worst rubber chicken .  You will lose customers if you serve that rubber chicken.  Ick.  This was a take out order.  Just makes me doubt if I will return.  Tell me something, it just seems to have expanded too quick and quality is suffering.
3	Went for brunch today...had the Biltmore Benedict.For those of you that don't know its a spin on the traditonal bene. It's lox & sauted onions instead of ham.The portion was huge. I chose home fries but fruit is an option. I wanted something different and i got it. It was hot and flavorful. This was my first visit and headed in with a Reuben in mind but breakfast is served until 3pm.Thier claim to fame is NYC deli foods/bakery.My server at the bar was friendly and effecient despite waiting tables as well. Pricing is moderate. I can only give 3 stars having only tried 1 thing 1 time but will go back.
5	Just tried Chompies first time Arizona eggs Benedict was great and potato pancake was even better. Sue was our waitress very nice and her service was outstanding.
5	Never had a bad meal. Whenever we family from out of town Chompies is a must visit!The Original Jewish Sliders are amazing! Not in the mood? No problem, the corned beef sandwich and Matzo Ball soup will hit the spot! Don't forget to grab a black and white cookie on the way out the door!!
2	I have tried Chompie's 3 times that will probably be all for me.  today it was a half turkey sandwich, soup and slaw.The slaw of ok but tiny.  The chicken noodle was way to heavy on celery and light on carrots and onion.  The turkey sandwich was a giant pile of turkey on thin torn bread, there was no balance and no spread.  The turkey itself was cooked and sliced decently but it was under seasoned.  I don't get the love for this place.
5	I have been to the Tempe location a few times in the past but never to this location. They have really good everything. Sandwiches and breakfast items. They have a lox and bagel platter for two that is great. Their pastrami sandwiches are awesome. So good. We have ordered sandwiches for meetings for work from here and at lest one person has be come addicted to them.This time I had been craving pancakes for awhile and I had some time off and was looking for a good place to fulfill my craving. I remembered Chompie's had good pancakes. So off I went. What a great choice. I got the Breakfast of Champions which is two pancakes, eggs and bacon. I also got a side of sourdough toast. Boy did that hit the spot. It was so good I ate all of it. Don't think I ate anything else the rest of the day. The pancakes were nice and fluffy just what I had been craving.They also bring out a pickle sampler plate with some new pickles and regular pickles. They are so good.I will definitely be back to order more bagels, lox, pancakes, sandwiches and everything. Oh the pastries in the case are to die for too if you have any room left.
5	Apparently everything my husband has been missing since I took him out of the North East six years ago.  He is no longer allowed to go alone.
2	The food was tasty but this place is not friendly to people who open carry. The manager said "no guns allowed, it's posted out side". I told him no problem and went and secured my weapon but, upon closer inspection, found no signage anywhere stating that it was a gun-free zone. After I went back inside I saw a small sign hidden behind bottles of booze at the bar, well inside the establishment. WTF! Your food is the only thing that saved this from a one star rating.
5	Their food is amazing blintzes are so yummy filled with ricotta cheese and their corned beef sandwich is amazing. Only order half of it because its a HUGE sandwich! Their servers are really good too, very nice and helpful!Their desserts in the display cases look so delicious!!! My husband and I will definitely be back!!!!
4	Just moved to the area and stopped in a couple weeks ago with a friend who moved here in July. The corned beef Reuben was piled high and delicious! Our waitress was prompt and courteous! I'll be back in with my boyfriend!
2	It's hard to judge a restaurant based on a single visit with a large group, but service was so awful at this Chompie's that there is no way I would ever make the drive to meet anyone at this location again.A friend of mine was in town but only had limited time to meet up, so a group of about 15 people (plus three small children) decided to meet for lunch.  We did the smart thing and called ahead to let them know that such a large party was planning to dine there at 1:30.  We were seated in a "party room" which had a TV, fireplace, and plenty of room, which was nice, but it also was dirty.  Three tables had previous diners' dirty dishes and cutlery left on them.  The floor hadn't been swept.  And, one busser stopped in and cleaned off only one of those table during the two hours we were stuck in there.So now for the real problem...  We were seated in this dirty room and after a few minutes a waiter came in.  We all ordered food and drinks.  It became very obvious the one server assigned to our group was overwhelmed.  It must have been at least 10 to 15 minutes before we started to see any of those drinks.  I don't know how long it takes to pour drinks for 15 people, but couldn't someone at least bring some pitchers of water and glasses during that time?  Drinks finally arrived.  Then nothing.  It was an hour later when some pickles were brought to the table.  I'm not joking.  An hour later and our meals still weren't ready.  It was 2:30 in the afternoon.  I was planning on being at least getting ready to pay my bill by that time.  Fortunately, none of the kids were complaining, but at least make sure they got their orders in a fair amount of time.  Everyone was hungry.  Neither the server nor the food were anywhere to be seen.  When our orders finally arrived at 3:00, the trays were placed on one the still dirty tables (a few of us noticed, but everyone was too hungry to complain).  The saving grace was that none of the orders were wrong.  The waiter was smart enough to bring free cookies with the bill, but the only reason none of us got a manger and complained was because it was nearly 3:30 and we all had places to go and just wanted to get out.The one redeeming part of the visit is that the food is the same as every other Chompie's.  Which is excellent.  The ambiance is modern instead of old fashion deli.  But the service was a complete fail.  They knew a big group was coming, if they were unable to accommodate us, they should have warned us.
5	I highly believe this place deserves five stars! Not only is the food spectacular but the staff is just as good! I went there for the first time last night with my brother and we had the Jewish slider combo and it was to die for!! The staff was just so amazing, not one person seemed like they would rather be some where else. They all had great attitudes and were very welcoming! If you haven't tried this place yet, I would highly recommend you do!
4	Came for breakfast with my family around 8 this morning. Menu is large with three pages of breakfast items alone. I however chose to have non-breakfast (cup of vegetarian split pea soup and a half lite albacore sandwich). It was nice that lunch was available that early. Portions are quite generous. My brother had the biggest pastrami/corned beef/brisket sandwich I've ever seen. I submitted a picture. He loved it. Our server was prompt and steady. What compelled me to write this review was the bakery/deli section on the other side of the restaurant. I submitted a picture too. Dessert selection was great and everything looked delicious. I asked about a decadent looking chocolate cake and the very nice man running the deli took out a slice and gave me a large piece to sample. Then he gave me another chocolate pastry he thought I may like. After that I didn't need dessert! But we bought a few pastries to take home including a very intricate minion cake. This gentleman was so friendly. I think that is a great way to get people's business. All the desserts we brought home were very good. If I lived here I would come back again and again for the desserts alone.
5	I came here with my girlfriend on Christmas night.   She ordered the pastrami sandwich and I ordered the monte Christo,  both of which were delicious.   I highly recommend Chris as a waiter.   He was super accommodating.
5	Picked this place to celebrate a birthday.   I thought it was tasty.  Portions are huge so you can share if you're in to that.  We all ordered different things and it all looked so GOOD.
5	Great service and great coffee! Went there at 7am and my party was the only one there but the staff was very attentive and friendly.
2	This is a Man vs. Food stop, so I had the man vs. food menu item and the special bread it was on was dry, the meet was good but the latka was tasteless.  I would say this place is just OK.
2	Food is good but the wait time for a larger party is always crazy so don't bring more than four. They have teen agers running the front desk with no sense of urgency for customers. Maybe they should have an adult up front to manage the place at night because when the owner is there during a Saturday or Sunday morning we have never had an issue.  Complained to manger and never ate tonight the wait was forty five minutes with it not even being busy!! Sorry need to review your staff better Chompies they get lazy when the cat is away!!
3	"Meh" is a great expression to describe this location. Not all Chompie's are created equal - our waitress was nice, but my hubby ordered the "tuna melt" but it came with no cheese, so it was more like a tuna....hm. what do you call that? He also ordered an egg cream, but they were out of that - not a big deal, but my hot chocolate didn't come with the whipped cream it was supposed to come with, so that was lame.I ordered 2 original pancakes {can't really mess that up} and I got eggs on the side, with melted cheddar cheese. They have  DELICIOUS syrup and gave me as much as I needed.If you end up dining at this location, just stay on top of your order. You might need to ask if they are even carrying what you want, before you order it.
2	It's hit or miss with the staff!! Food is good but service lacks!!!
3	Jewish sliders rock and so do their omelettes. The staff here is horrible so dont go if you are in a time crunch. What is nice is the bakery, if you can get someone to take your order at that counter. They have nice cookies including black and whites for the back East crowd. But be warned, everything is very expensive in the bakery, although it is good. I have been here a number of times because its close to work, and it has potential. The truth is it is like a joke without a punchline. You are always slightly unsatisfied with your experience in the end.
2	Walked in and sat right down for a weekday lunch. Ordered right away and now, 45 mins later, we've been assured our food is next. I'm not sure what that means, but I am sure my boss doesn't give a crap. They get the 2nd star because this place isn't always like this. But, seriously, it's not busy.
1	Normally put up with lack of service for a good meal but today neither one was on point. I got the sliders and all of my meat was like chomping down on rubber! Ha now the name makes sense. Lady had a bagel that was stale but at least out five year old enjoyed his pancakes. Server was confused the entire time and neither her or the hostess felt the need to help clear tables. They just sat people around us at dirty tables and said they would find a busser. Can't say I'll be coming back.
4	This place is fantastic. I love the fact that I can have AMAZING Jewish food and I didn't have to cook it.I always order a bowl of matzo ball soup to bring home with me to eat the following day, we never finish our food but I like the left overs. Its crowded, more so on the weekends,  but have you ever been to a deli in New York? They always seem to be packed, sometimes with lines out the door. The crowd doesnt bother me. The only thing that really irks me here is we have regularly had bad/slow service. Like a drink never refilled or a side of something we didn't get that we served just before the bill after reminding them. So I am a little more agressive about flagging down my service here. Again, I love it, its comfort and home food that I don't have to cook. I don't have friends who cook Jewish food, so this is my only shot in AZ unless I'm making it myself.
5	Great Jewish deli!!!!!!!  Definitely coming back with my family when they visit in from new York!!!
2	My dad and I have been going here over a year and had the same waiter.  We were in on Saturday and learned that our waiter that we go to see was "let go".  Service was not as good, the waitress was not as attentative as David.    The manager stopped by our table and would not tell us what really happen.  If we had know our favorite waiter was actually fired we would have walked out.  Management did not take us serious on the Tempe Chompies when my dad pointed out a few health code violations, not sure they will care that they have lost customers from the Chandler Chompies also.
2	This gets two stars because their bagels are THAT good. Go for the bagels, and avoid basically everything else.Now the bad:-Seated at a dirty table-Tea tasted like sewer water-Eggs were cooked the wrong style (not what I ordered), and one was so undercooked that the eggwhite ran with the yolk. Not a good sign, didn't eat it.-Hollandaise was not lemony, rich, or buttery. It was worse than the stuff you make at home out of a packet. It basically tasted like someone made a roux and dyed it yellow.-General lack of interest in service I did report the egg issue as politely as I could to my server, who empathetically said "Awww," and then walked away. If you review the glass-enclosed pastry area, you may be surprised to discover that literally everything in the case has been mislabeled- the fun game is trying to figure out what is what! (seriously, that's what we did while waiting for our dirty table.)I hope I just caught them on a bad day, because it was really, really bad.. but they will still get my bagel custom. These bagels seriously rule.
4	Usually I'd give this location all 5 stars but after this visit, my opinion dropped a star. Why? Well, first of all because our table was really wobbly and would move whenever we'd lift up our drinks to take a sip, or move ANYTHING on the table. Second, because it was so freaking COLD in there, due to the ceiling fan above us on full speed and the A/C blowing down. I shivered the entire duration of the meal. Our friend had to keep reminding the waitress, and the helper who helped serve our food, that he ordered cocktail sauce for his All You Can Eat Fish & Chips. It took FOREVER to get that to him! We all got the Fish & Chips Friday Special...while it was pretty good, my fries were too done for me to the point I could only finish about half of them...and just having recent oral surgery, I couldn't eat anything super hard or crunchy due to sensitivity and the surgery areas in the process of healing. My fish, however, was just right and I could eat it without fail. Took home a piece of Red Velvet Cake for dessert. The cake itself was dry and the frosting was perfect. I was rather disappointed. Also, the floor inside the restaurant was slick and felt greasy. That itself is a safety hazzard.
5	Great food, great service and a huge menu! Come here all of the time and it is always wonderful!
2	I normally give this place 5 stars. Not this time. Our server Susan was very rude. Had to flag someone else down for a coffee refill. And at the end of it she just put the bill down and said "here". We felt as if we were a bother to her since we were not one of her regulars. She was very nice to others refilling personal cups with coffee and making small talk. Will make sure if I go back not to sit in her area
5	Chompies is awesome. I usually get the turkey sliders as they a ridiculously good. I got the all you can eat fish fry this past Friday (Friday special) and it was great. The fish fillets are thick and flakey. The batter is perfect. Great coleslaw. Always amazing.
4	Restaurant looks great, lots of space, friendly service and extremely quick kitchen. Maybe it was because we were there on a Thursday at 3:30pm so there wasn't much traffic, but signature Jewish Sliders we ordered came out in less than 15 minutes.I found out about this place from the Man v Food episode and the sliders looked amazing online. Finally trying them myself I have to say they were pretty good but didn't live up to the hype, I would give them 3.5/5. The gravy sauce or ranch dressing is necessary for the slider otherwise it won't have too much flavor. The meat is cooked beautifully and fairly tender. The onion strings side were fantastic (4/5) and go really well with the ranch sauce. We also ordered one Western style slider just to try and I ended up liking that one more. We also got a mini carrot cake, which I would give a solid 5/5. The food + service and speediness which I would give  5/5 compels me to give this place 4/5 overall.
3	I frequent this location for breakfast and lunch pretty often. I have to say that I am definitely blind to the poor service because of their amazing food. Normally we sit outside when the weather is nice and sometimes it can take up to 10 (No really, I promise) 10 minutes to even be acknowledged. When we go out to eat, we're not usually in a hurry because we plan our day appropriately, so it's not that much of a bother when it's so gorgeous outside!The last few times we were there, we had the same server for all of the visits. Though she doesn't remember us ever, we remember her and she is very kind. Not the most efficient, but kind and good natured. The food is always GREAT, but like I said, refills and service are lacking. The very last time I visited I was sorely disappointed. We had a different server I've never seen before. We ordered our meals and I requested hashbrowns with my breakfast. She seemed perplexed. I don't understand how hard "hashbrowns" is. She then proceeded to talk me into getting the home fries... are those easier to make or something? I asked 3 times for hashbrowns and ended up with home fries. When they came out with the rest of my breakfast they were cold and horrible, yet the rest of my meal was great. Made me think, did she mess up an order and have these sitting in the window? Gross. I wanted my hashbrowns :( I took one bite of the home fries and left the plate clearly full on the table. Not one time did she ask if everything was good or if everything tasted okay. She didn't even bother to take them off the bill. I never want/ask for anything to be free as many of these shameless customers will do, but seriously, I didn't touch them, obviously something was wrong.I won't ever have her as a server again, that's for sure, but the good food will continue to mesmerize me into coming here. P.S. Went in on a busy Sunday and was told  by the hostess "Ha, you shouldn't come on Sundays, we're so busy!"Yeahhh, 'cause that's great for business to have your hostess telling people that!
1	I have eaten at chompies at this location and have had great service. So to my surprise when I called to give them an order for CATERING I was placed on hold for 6 minutes because only a manager could tell me if I can get an order for tomorrow ??? Luckily I called the shea location was assisted and only put on hold for 30 seconds to check w catering manager and order submitted. They should takes notes from the Scottsdale location.
5	Superb, great food and service!!! Nova lox is absolutely fantastic!!! Great value, great food, great place!!!
5	Chompie's is always delicious and has such a huge menu that it's hard to get bored.  Whenever I'm sick, I always crave their Chicken Matzo Ball Soup. It is nice that you can pick it up to go when you don't feel like eating out.
4	Yum.yum.yum. This is one of my favorite cheat day treats. The salads are so delicious, the sandwiches so very tasty, meat made with love and a treat from the bakery makes the whole experience a happy one. Friendly, knowledgeable service and clean, New York inspired decor.
5	Awesome food!!  We went here after someone recommended it and it was delicious!  I got the Western sliders with the onion strings and it was a lot of food, but full of flavor...the rolls they come on are so fresh and have great flavor!  The onion strings were crispy and came with a yummy dipping sauce.  I also tried on Jewish style slider which is their signature slider.  It was good, too.  My husband got a chicken sand which that he said was the best he has ever had and he is super hard to please.  It had jalepeno cheese and onion strings on it.  In fact, the whole family loved their choices.  Their desserts were good in their bakery.  Great selection on the kids menu, too!  Highly recommend!
5	Always a treat.  So many pastries to choose from.  Tthe best pastrami in town.  And don't forget the fresh pickles!
5	Great Deli, loved the turkey sliders and potato pancakes, awesome bakery as well. Service was fast, friendly and efficient.
5	Delicious options here.  I visit the counter most frequently here and service is typically exceptional.  Fantastic prices on bagels and toppings are generous too.  I go out of my way to eat a Chompies bagel.  I spent years at a first job at a bagel shop back East and I know a good bagel.  They know a good bagel here too.  They also know good deli.  Yes!  Pastrami on rye, and so many more items to help make the decision difficult.
5	Came in with a party of 10 people plus a baby. A gentleman asked got us some drinks while waiting and complementary bagel pieces with cream cheese. Waitress was very helpful with suggestions from the menu. Very clean and friendly atmosphere.
3	I want to love this place, but I can only partially commit. They have amazing pastries and bagels, but their overall menu leaves much to be desired. The home fries are always soggy, and they eggs always runny. Their portions are so large, I'm not surprise that they are not cooked properly.  They are always packed, and seem overwhelmed by the amount of guests they have seated. The heavy traffic makes for bathrooms that seem like they should be at a street festival or state fair.I recommend grabbing your baked goods or bagels and heading home to enjoy them...far from the chaos and grime.
1	I am writing for this particular location, other Chompie's have been great. I have been to this location a few times and have never been impressed with the staff but this last time I had a server that was such a little s#$! with her bad attitude, I will never return. She was rude to the people at the table who ordered water, was awkwardly telling us it was "weird" that we liked our appetizer because others didn't, and explained that even though they advertise "rare" roast beef, it all depends on the cut...what??? Last straw!
3	I always eat at Chompies, but it was my first time at this location. Needless to say I was not impressed. It's a lot smaller than their other locations, so we decided to sit out side. It was great that they had misters, but they need to turn them down because I was getting soaked! At all the other locations I've been to, the first thing the server does it usually place a basket of bread in the center of your table and take your drink orders. No bread. I asked the server if bread was no longer complimentary and she said it wasn't, but offered to bring us out some pickles (Which she should have done in the first place, in that case). Pickles were not something that I was dying to eat as an appetizer. Next, we looked at the menu. What a jumbled mess! The selection is awesome, but they had stuffed WAY too many items on a single page. I ordered the stuffed cabbage and when it finally came out, it wasn't as good as I was expecting. It tasted way different than it did at the other location. The meat was super bland, and kind of grayish. Needless to say, I won't be returning to this location.
4	This is a local Favortie. The menu is amazing and the service is great. I always stare at all the treats while I wait for a table. Be prepared to wait! It's just that good. So many people come here to enjoy the food. There's everything you can dream of! Bring your while family or just come hung over to eat and feel human again.
2	I usually love Chompie's. Granted, I typically visit the one in Tempe, but in my previous experiences, they've all been pretty consistent. Today, I ordered Chompie's Benedict. Poached eggs are always hit or miss at casual places, but I'd ordered this before with success at the north Scottsdale location. The plate came out sloppy, but that's not really worth mentioning. The problem was that one of my poached eggs was raw. Of course a poached egg has a runny yolk but runny whites? Nope. Not eating that. I sent it back and the manager came out to argue with me that sometimes poached eggs have runny whites and that's just how they cook them. Well, why was one of them ok and the other was a blister sitting on a piece of ham? She eventually only charged me for the egg I did eat, which is fine, but why argue with me for not wanting to eat a raw egg?TLDR: Not going back to the Chandler Chompie's. Tempe and Scottsdale are still ok.
4	Came here for lunch on a Tuesday,  had a little wait, figured it was a good sign.The food was really good, I had the turkey Reuben and cabbage soup.  My friend had the Jewish slides and onion strings also all very good.  A little pricey as it was $40 for both of is, but we enjoyed it.
3	Food is okay, service is horrible. Servers don't seem to care. Took forever to be greeted and get our drinks. The server broght me the wrong food and by the time I realized. The server was no where to be found.  Had to wave down another server and explain that I had ordered something else. Instead of fixing it right away he had to get a menu and I had point out what I ordered then he went to the server and had to point out to her what  i had ordered. No manager checked up on us and I saw our server only a few times.
4	Been here twice so far. I will be eating here again. First time had matz ball soup and brisket sliders which were both great. Second time had a pastrami with hotdog and soup all were excellent. This is about as good as it gets for a Ny style deli in AZ.
3	I've been going to Chompie's for years - I love deli's and this is one of my favorites. This is my first review for this location, where you can occasionally find me at lunchtime.  The variety of menu options to choose from at any Chompie's is mind-boggling. Every now and then I will try something new, but I usually end up ordering the Times Square New Yorker with pastrami because it's my favorite. Like most of their sandwiches, it arrives piled high with enough pastrami to satisfy the hungriest customer. It does not disappoint. One day I got brave and ordered the Texas Longhorn burger. For the uninitiated, this beast is a half-pound burger topped with smoked brisket, cheddar cheese and coleslaw. I'm not a real big fan of topping burgers with other types of meats - but this thing was amazing! Tender, juicy and great flavor. I would recommend this to any burger fan, but do not - I repeat - do not, eat this if you have somewhere to be afterwards. This sandwich will take you down. I'm not kidding. Like you will need a nap to let your body recover. And probably some cholesterol medication. On my last visit here our server brought us samples of the apple strudel, which was really good. I will definitely order this on a future visit. Now, with the good comes the bad - and there is one issue here that I see I'm not alone in experiencing. SERVICE! At this location during the lunch hour, my co-workers and I have just sat at the table waiting for anyone to come take our drink/food order. On other occasions, the server is prompt and on top of everything - but it took an eternity for our food to arrive. Very inconsistent. It has reached a point where we now tell the server upon our arrival that we are in a hurry - just to get normal service.The food here is amazing - I love this place. But they need to figure out their service issues here. I would have given them a 4-5 star review, but I'm not going to give them a pass on this. I'll be back again - let's see if they can address what myself and other reviewers clearly recognize as an issue.
1	I have no idea in the world how this place manages to stay open.  Without a doubt it has to be the worst managed restaurant I've been to in quite some time.For the second weekend in a row I've tried to eat here and for the second weekend in the row I've walked out the door.So what happened?I walk in around noon and the waiting area is packed (as it was last week).  And as last week there were plenty of tables in the main dining area and as last week the dining area on the north side of the restaurant was completely empty (although in fairness I'm not sure I've ever seen it used).So I asked the hostess what's up (BTW...why do restaurants insist on having very young people at this critical position?).  Her answer was that they have all of the open tables so they can give the wait staff time to service the tables they have.  What the f@ckity f@ck f@ck???!!!???  Are you kidding me???  Did it ever occur to you to actually schedule the number of staff to handle the number of customers??  One day after this places goes out of business, they should take the time out to see when and where  it all went off the rails.  Part of the reason will be because they can't manage to schedule enough staff to service their customers.
3	Nothing special here..food was ok..service was ok..I would not make it a favorite destination.
3	Big menu and big servingsNever heard of Chompie's, so swung in to visit with the family. You're greeted by a large deli area with meats, sides, and baked goods.  To the left is a hostess podium where they make you wait a little while-- really for no reason as you can see open tables behind them. Maybe they just wanted us to take in the fabulousness of the deli area some more and get impressed.We were seated in about ten minutes. Not the cleanest area, but the service people were nice and we liked the pickles.  About ten minutes after ordering, food came.  My daughter was a big fan of the hamburger.  My wife liked her sandwich and fried.  The pastrami sandwich was good, though I admit I had to use a fork and knife because bread simply lacks the structural integrity to handle so much meat.  The blintz (sp?) was pretty yummy.  Cookies were dry.  Paying the bill was quick and pleasant.
4	If you love Egg Benedict's like I do then defiantly come here for breakfast :) they offer  many different varieties of egg Benedict  and you can either get in a bagel or English muffin. My boyfriend loves the corn beef hash here and the different types of bagels they offer.
5	I love their cake, and there is lots of it.Alone on a Friday night. *sigh*Tonight I walked in at 8:59 pm (they close at 9:00pm. Yes, I'm that guy) and they still sat me. I ordered some soup and shortly after could hear some people in the kitchen hustling to make it for me because they had already started cleaning things up. I could tell they were shutting down and I felt a little bad.Then my waitress, named Kara, was the bomb. She was extremely friendly. She didn't rush me at all. She even said, "Don't rush, we still have work to do." Her genuine cheerfulness made me feel better about coming in so late. She also offered me water as I left.I gave her a good tip, but after I left I realize I added it up incorrectly. I checked the transaction online just now and they didn't put my tip on it at all. Maybe this is because she felt bad that I initially felt a bit rushed? Or maybe this is a policy that if the customer (me) adds it up incorrectly they just take it off completely? I'm going with the former.The food is always good and my soup was very yummy, as was my cake.Kara rocks. She made my evening.
2	So. I used to be a regular customer and had Dave was my waiter. I would wait 30 minutes just to be seated with him, why you might wonder? Well let's talk... firstly he was a genuinely friendly person that became part of our family every time we ate there. He cared that our food came out correct the first time, loved my grand kids and treated them as his own, to which they still ask about him.  We have not gone back since that Saturday over a year ago when I asked to sit with Dave and the girl said he wasn't in today? I was perplexed, as this was a Saturday and busy and he was always there, to which I stated what day was he coming in, and was told not anymore, they let him go!  I was genuinely saddened, as was my entire family to find out that he was no longer a server there, as was many other long timers who were also gone?  Dave was the best waiter, and made all of us, even my picky Jewish mom from Boca... feel at home like in a Brooklyn diner! Chompies food is sub-par but we only went there for Dave, so for them to let go of the best waiter they had, that brought so many customers who enjoyed him, and put up with the food, is beyond me! Also, Dave was such a good waiter that he even made you feel like you had a friend to eat with, when at times I would eat breakfast alone after a good hike.. I miss those days with Dave.
2	Saturday morning rush....3 people, 2 meals that were good. We were told the food came to the table cold and raw (eggs) because we were sitting under the AC?? My plate was hot (mysteries of he AC workings, I guess ACs pick and choose what to air condition) and the other 2 plates cold.2 of 3 plates sent back for being cold and eggs raw. Bald manager came out and was nice about it. Nice guy. Second order came out, and hollandaise on one plate was gross and thick and oh yeah, food cold. Complained to a different manager who rudely asked, "What do you want me to do about it? It all came out of the pot that way."Asked if he could take it off the bill and just charge for the egg that was eaten.Waitress came over and explained that the bill was discounted, then when questioned said we could just see the bill (she had no clue). Turned out they took the one meal off.Overall attitude. Place is going waaay down in customer service. We used to eat there once a week and now, it's been more difficult to justify the return each time.On the plus side, I had pumpkin cranberry pancakes and they were excellent and weirdly enough HOT the entire meal. Like I said, the AC must have avoided my plate and skipped to the others'.
2	Unfortunately, not a great experience. We still had to wait forever for a seat, then waited forever for our food. I ordered the same thing as I did before, bagel with lox. It was gross. Nothing was fresh. My red onion was translucent, like it had been frozen and defrosted. The whole thing was just unappetizing. Bummer. At least last time the service and the food made up for the wait. Not so much this time :/
4	Good food.  A bit high in price but when you're craving a good ruben where are you going to go?
5	Took family to this restaurant for their first time,  they absolutely loved it! Try the turkey sliders with the potato pancakes, simply amazing!
4	Had the Jewish sliders. These were good, but they fall under the category "food that makes you feel fat". You get a lot of food for your money here, so keep that in mind while ordering. My first time here I ordered waaay too much food.
5	My niece requested Chompie's while in town visiting from the east coast. It is a safe selection since there is something for everyone. Unless you hate food, there is bound to be something you like.  Except if you are my grandma, who was not pleased that the tongue listed on the menu was not available. But, really, out of all the burgers, omelets, smoked fish, salads and schnitzel on the menu, why would one want to order tongue in the first place? Just get pastrami!She did order wine to drown her sorrow, which arrived in an impressively large and  filled to the rim wine glass. It was perhaps the largest serving of wine I have seen at a restaurant.  In my opinion, this totally outweighs the lack of beef tongue.  My impossible-to-please grandmother may disagree, but luckily she cannot remember how to operate the web browser on her computer to write Yelp reviews.We usually go to the Tempe location but I was just as pleased with the Chandler location. Perhaps more pleased for the following two reasons:1) In addition to the complimentary pickles, there was also complimentary bread. This may not be specific to location, it could just be a new implementation. Regardless, I like bread.  2) In addition to the normal sampling of crumb cake at the bakery counter, there was also sampling of cookies.  FULL-SIZED COOKIES.  Nothing starts a meal better than a chocolate dipped, sprinkled covered, buttery cookie. Well played, Chompies, well played.As always, they had a display case full of temptations: 7 layers of chocolate cake, cupcakes doubled in height by frosting, and cookies the size of Frisbees.And, as if their menu was not big enough, they had added quite a few new options, such as a kale salad and flat-bread pizzas.  Everything was very tasty and as usual, my brother made it a personal challenge to eat as much food as possible (he managed 4 sliders and a plateful of onion rings). It was fascinating and horrified my grandmother, who just couldn't bring herself to look away.
5	Still love this restaurant! Wish they would offer a 2 turkey slider plate , I just can't eat all 3! Always great service as well!
4	Its amazing what they can do in 5 months away can do.  It was like nigjt and day from the last time I visited.  I hope they continue up the good work.
1	Never got to try the food because the service is ridiculously bad. Walked in on a Friday night around 7:30. We were greeted and promptly seated. We then waited and waited and waited. I'd say somewhere around 10 different staff members passed by and no one stopped. After 20 minutes a waitress finally stopped by to tell us that she was off and she would see why no one wanted to serve us. After another 10 minutes we got up and left. On the way out the door I stopped back at the hostess and asked why there were 10+ people working and yet no one cared about helping us. She replied "uh, (pause) sorry. Where were you seated?"  I was seated right where you sat me! How is there no manager around supervising ?Anyway, don't waste your time. There are too many other places in the area to eat.
3	I have heard a lot about Chompie's and had seen it on man V food with Adam Richman.  I have to say that I was unimpressed with both the sandwich the restaurant and the service.  The infamous and most popular Reuben sandwich left much to be desired. This restaurant apparently he feels the need to make up for average corned beef by giving you more average corned beef.  The proportion of beef two other ingredients was inadequate.  I had to ask for extra thousand Island dressing just to finish the meat portion of the sandwich, because it was dry and relatively little sauerkraut on top.  The server suggested I try the turkey sliders, which I believe I might do next time, but I do not believe that I will be ordering the Ruben at Chompie's again.  Suggestions:Cleaner restaurantCeaner bathroomsMore quality meatMore toppings on the sandwichAll in all, this place just wasn't worth the hype.
5	I am slacking on my reviews.  We've been here probably 40 times in the past 4 years.  What's up with not giving them some Yelp love?  I think 37 of those times were for breakfast and we have worked our way through most of the breakfast menu.  Love the huge omelets and fried potatoes that come on the side.  Never had a bad meal here.Most recently Mr. M and I had had a very long day of work and house hunting and were exhausted.  I suggested Chompie's because I was craving some soup.  I had the matzo ball soup and he had the clam chowder.  Both were delicious and we were passing those bowls back and forth.  I ended up keeping the chowder and taking a large bowl of it home for Saturday.  They only have the chowder on Fridays, but they have 5 or 6 other kinds of soup every day.  I also had the Jewish sliders and he had a half sandwich with hard salami and Havarti on sourdough.  I can't even type hard salami without getting the giggles, let alone say it.  Their famous sliders were excellent as always and Mr. M's sandwich accompanied the soup perfectly.  The bakery counter is amazing and full of all kinds of goodies.  I try not to look at it when I'm in there or I will get sucked in.  Only once out of all the times we've been here have we had bad service and that was an older broad working the bakery counter who was ignoring everyone so she could chat with her friend about how things used to be in New York.  blah blah blah.  She needed a reminder that she was at work, BUT I haven't seen her in a long, long time so maybe she moved back East.  Usually the employees are very friendly and efficient.  I would say Chompie's is my #1 breakfast choice and then the Biscuits on Dobson.  Excellent food every time!
4	First visit to Chompie'sI was craving corn beef hash and eggs and they have it. It was soooo good.  The service was perfect and the ambiance fun and colorful.  My husband had the turkey dinner, so delicious.  Real white meat turkey, not a turkey roll like a lot of places do and the stuffing was delicious also.  The gravy was real (I know good gravy, I love gravy) this gravy was not from a can and it had bits of turkey in it, very flavorful.We also had the onion rings with their dipping sauce, it reminded me a bit of Outback blooming onion and sauce, defiantly homemade, would have that again.Looking forward to going back for another item on the menu.
3	We came for here for the first time. Christmas breakfast had a "small" menu, we were informed that the main menu is MUCH bigger. I ordered an egg sandwich, scrambled eggs dry and sausage on an onion bagel. My husband had scrambled eggs dry and an cinnamon raise bagel. Well when our meal came out we both had two eggs and our bagels.... I didn't get a sandwich. When I pointed it out, our waitress Tracy offered to take it back right away and I just said it was fine. The eggs were runny, and my bagel was burned. I asked to talk to a manager at this point. It was our first time there and based on what had happened this far we weren't coming back. The manager took my whole meal off the bill but my main concern was that they didn't have the issue again with the clients that were about to come in. Tracy was awesome though!! Very friendly (even though she was stuck working Christmas morning, I'd be a brat if I was working probably) After the issue was addressed, based on the customer service, I'd give them another try. The home fries were delicious.
3	Delicious food but poor cleanliness.  The restrooms looked like they weren't cleaned in weeks!
