5	This is attached to the Carnegie Museum of Art and the Carnegie Natural History Museum, hence the identical address.Once again, I'm surprised at the lack of reviews for arts venues. Have you seen the '80s movie Flashdance? Remember the exterior of the ballet school/performance hall? That's Carnegie Music Hall.I've attended several Drue Heinz Lectures (part of Pittsburgh Arts & Lectures, http://www.pittsburghlectures.org/), when some pretty big-deal authors come to talk about their writing. The Music Hall also hosts, well, music events, which you can look up through Ticketmaster--just don't get it confused with the Carnegie Music Hall of Homestead--this building is in Oakland.I'm in love with the marble foyer. The performance hall is smaller than Heinz Hall's, but it's still impressive in that ornate old-fashioned way. Since I first visited, a pipe dream of mine has been to sit in one of the Music Hall's opera boxes.Even though I might be wearing jeans and sneakers, just being in a place like this makes me feel a little more like a classy lady.
5	Beautiful. I went to see a friend sing in the holiday performance of the Renaissance City Choir, which was whimsical and touching. The acoustics are great and it's a gorgeous building. We had no trouble finding parking on the street. At this particular event, there were cash-only bars and refreshments stands, and the closest ATM is two blocks away. Might want to remedy that. Over all, though: Check it out.
4	I went to see Bill Cosby here.  The theater is stunning with a grand entryway and a lot of architectural details.  My only complaint is that, much like any other older and historic theater, the balcony seats provide virtually no leg room. I'm 6' tall and there was no way I could place my legs that kept them comfortable for very long.
4	What a beautiful venue.  I attended a performance by the Carnegie Mellon All University Orchestra and had a wonderful time.  The Music Hall is is a must see!
5	Beautiful venue, beautiful sound. Even the lobby is perfect. Cons: No ATMs in the venue, bars are cash only..Buy a cookie for $1. They're DELICIOUS.
