4	I find "Tuck Shop" an odd name for a restaurant, although part of me is convinced it's short for "Tucked in a Spot Where You'd Never Expect to Find This Type of Restaurant". In fact the reason my friend, a native Montrealer, took me here was because he figured I'd never find the place on my own. Having been there now, I'm convinced he's right and am grateful to have had the experience.(Edit - I now know what a "tuck shop" is)The restaurant is tiny, but manages to squeeze quite a few tables into the place; I'm guessing there's seating for about 40. It's loud, both from customers and music.When we arrived we were informed a table wasn't ready yet and were eventually seated at one of two bars, this one facing the kitchen. After ordering cocktails and sipping on them for about 5 minutes, the hostess came to deliver us to.... the other bar. After we looked at her rather funny and asked why we were being moved to the other bar, she sat us at a table. (Never did get an explanation there.)Our friendly waiter went through the specials of the day, and we settled on the soup for my friend and the salad for me for starters. Neither one were anything worth writing home about. While I wasn't expecting much from the salad (it's a salad, after all), the soup could have been better. For our mains my friend went with one of the fish of the day dishes, which was a cod that he loved. I went for the braised lamb & gnocchi - the gnocchi was outstanding and soaked up all the love, while the lamb was so tender I was afraid the loud music was going to cause it to fall apart. Unfortunately after all that we had no room left for dessert.The service on the whole was good, but we did have to fight to flag our waiter down after dinner. We also are still trying to figure out the move from one bar to another. That not withstanding, this is definitely a place worth tracking down.
5	It's in a sketchy area, but it's upscale and lovely. A small bistro type restaurant. The food was excellent and the wine that was suggested to us was very, very delicious. It's relaxed but still really good quality food. We went for my mom's birthday and everyone really loved their dishes.  I'll be back for sure!
4	Super nice little casual restaurant yet you can still super cute and kinda dressy. We sat at the bar as usual, we were welcomed with a great smile and attention. The service was perfect, it always make such a difference! Realized that we were served by the owner later which Woolf explain the great service ;)The food was excellent, we had the fish and lamb which was delicious and super healthy! We made friends with people at the bar we decided to each order a dessert and all share it, it was great! My favorite was the strawberry shortcake.I would definitely go back.Nothing bad to say about this place except maybe that the location is not in best neighborhood but things changes quickly.
4	This restaurant is part of the wave of trendy chef-centric bistros popping up in Griffintown, or the Pointe, or whatever name is being used to describe the down-but-not-yet-out area around Atwater and Notre Dame. It's small but cozy, and the atmosphere is industrial crossed with baroque/trendy. Very casual and very relaxed. The service is really friendly and the waitstaff are cool and unpretentious. The food is delicious - we sampled all sorts of things, from deep fried okra to delicious rare steak with shitaake mushrooms and wine sauce, to seafood and lentil salad, to trendy new classics like pork belly. Decent wine selection as well, and the prices are not unreasonable at all.Highly recommended!!!
5	I was happy to venture into a slightly sketchy area of Montreal for the opportunity to dine at the highly recommended Tuck Shop.  (After living in Baltimore and Brooklyn, I fear no neighborhood.)  I am in love with the decor/design of the restaurant.  It's polished, slightly industrial,  but still warm and classic.  The tomatoes that have been jarred by hand (in house) are scattered around the restaurant reminding you that this kitchen obviously cares about the food it prepares and they will not be taking any short cuts.  The wonderful dishes we were served only corroborated this notion.We started our meal with the pork belly and the Thai BBQ rib with green papaya salad.  The pork belly was unparalleled.  It doesn't get any better than this.  I'm actually at a loss for words on how to describe it.  You HAVE to try it.  I would have liked the Thai ribs to be more spicy, but I understand that not everyone enjoys very spicy food like I do. They were cooked impeccably.For mains: My husband ordered the seared arctic char with smoked bacon, a mustard/maple sauce, roasted potatoes, pickled beets, pureed carrots and a soft boiled egg.  I don't know how this combination came to fruition, but I was floored by the flavors.  I don't like fish and my husband had to fight me off from stealing his dinner.  One would think the ingredients would have to compete in this dish, but they got along flawlessly.  For less adventurous eaters, the caesar salad, double stuffed potato, and the AAA strip loin in a red wine sauce is a solid choice.  This is a classic meal that everyone and their grandfather has enjoyed, but you will not be bored with Tuck Shop's offering of this perennial crowd pleaser.  (I ended up trying to steal part of this meal as well.)  I ordered the braised veal cheeks with pine nuts, grilled fennel, crispy polenta and broccoli rabe.  Tender, succulent, perfect.  The crispy polenta was a prime platform for the veal cheeks.  This may be my new favorite cut when dining out, but will it be as good at other restaurants? I'm afraid of being disappointed.  I'm going to have to ask Tuck Shop to open a location in Brooklyn solely for my benefit.       Thank you, Tuck Shop, for an amazing meal.  I will be back as soon as possible.
5	My friends brought my partner and I to the resto and it was great! Love the food and lemme tell u its a tight place! U gotta reserve if u wanna ever eat there! I would def be back!
4	I've been coming here for a couple of years now and am never disappointed...the service and the food are always excellent. My most recent meal was the lobster salad...one of my favourites and always excellent. I then had the halibut...nice char-crust on the top but tender and juicy inside with great veggies. My friends started with a ceaser salad with 3broiled oysters on top...very good and the fish taco which was excellent. They followed with the lamb and cornish game hen....also both excellent. Service was top-notch.The only downside from my perspective is like so many of the modern trendy restuarants the acoustics are awful...and that is without background music. Get more than 6 people in the restuarant and the noise level becomes unreal...very hard to carry on a dinner conversation.....why these hip places don't use some materials to absorb some of the sound is a mystery....but the food and friendliness make it worthwhile....oh! Some reviewers have called the neighbourhood sketchy or other such names....not a bit of it....its a perfectly safe neighbourhood...nothing to worry about. Go!
3	Here's my story... I went to the Tuck Shop with 3 friends yesterday evening.  I made the reservation myself and made a point that we were a party of 4 people that like to talk loud and the hostess suggested that we sit at the kitchen counter our back to the dining room.  Music was loud so was the kitchen noise and chefs talking to each other.  The manager (assume he was), told us that 5 table (yup, a big 5) were complaining that we were too loud.  We may well have been, but it was told to us in such a way (i.e. he was a dick) that I would never go back to this place.  We all agree that food that we had up until then was great and the waitress very nice... Too bad this guy doesn't have any manner.  We paid and went elsewhere to have desert and coffee.If you're a quiet party, you might enjoy.
3	I'll be honest - despite all the hype and rumors of amazing food, I was ready to write this place off after two failed attempts at making a reservation. Why? Because whoever oversees email and social media correspondence completely underwhelmed me with their indifference and lack of interest in making even the smallest attempt to accommodate me.   We don't need to get into the nitty gritty but my unsolicited advice to Tuck Shop, is to find someone with some social skills and have that guy respond to client queries. I ended up going with a friend who unexpectedly (and successfully) made a reservation. Location: St. Henri, where gentrification is madly underway.  The nearest subways are St. Henri (10-min walk) and Lionel-Groulx (15-20-min walk).Service: Excellent. The staff were super friendly, accommodating and pretty quick, making the experience a great one. We went on a Tuesday night at 6pm; it was quiet to start, but business quickly picked up and by the time we left, we had a full house. Food: Incredibly, deliciously, amazing. Seriously - you have to go. Starters:Crispy pork belly, aged Gouda, oyster mushrooms. My date loved it. Crispy stuffed zucchini blossoms, peaches, fennel, red onion, pine nuts, lemon vinaigrette. The blossoms were stuffed with (I think) ricotta, which was super flavorful. This medley of flavors was delicious. Mains:Butcher's cut, french fries, Chimichurri. I don't eat steak but I could see that those fries looked REAL good! My date really enjoyed this dish. The steak was perfectly cooked and juicy. Homemade pork and porcini ravioli w/brown butter sage sauce. One word: YUM! I loved this dish. The portion was just right for me so at the end of the meal, I didn't feel super stuffed. Flavor-wise, the sage sauce was rich and flavorful. It reminded me a little of brown gravy. Totally dee-licious.Dessert: Pecan pie and peach pie. Both were fresh and excellent. I'm not even a pie person and I really enjoyed my peach pie. I wonder if they'll sell me a whole pie? :)Price: It's up there - my meal was $50 and I didn't have any drinks or coffee.Overall, I loved the space and the vibe of this place. They have an extensive wine list and a seasonal menu that changes whenever it suits the chef, making this little gem a favorite with the locals. The downside: We were thoroughly enjoying ourselves until the yuppy/hipster doofus couple arrived with their kid in tow, and what looked like the entire contents of her toy chest. What followed next was a noisy and lengthy display of douchebaggery courtesy of the father, that no one should have to endure. These people had zero respect for us (we were right next to them) and seemed to forget that they were in a restaurant, not their living room. It basically ruined the rest of our evening and we couldn't wait to get the hell out of there. The 3-star rating takes this into account, as well as the indifferent (read: lousy) attitude I recieved both times I tried to make a reservation. Had it not been for these two negatives, this place would've scored a big, fat FIVE!I suggest making a reservation as this place seems to be consistently busy.
3	I had been hearing about the awesomeness of Tuck Shop for a quite a  while now so  when the opportunity came up to go check it out with a friend, it did not take much convincing to go.Reservations are a must given the popularity of this little resto that could. Tuck Shop is quickly joining the ranks of Joe Beef, Liverpool House, Au Pieds de Cochon, and all the other popular eateries in Montreal. Thankfully I scored reservations at the last minute  for the same evening and was seriously looking forward to an awesome meal out with excellent company.Reader, the food was impeccable. Not a bad note anywhere. I ordered the much recommended crispy pork belly and there's a reason why everyone is raving about it: it's THAT good. Melt-in-your-mouth perfection sitting in a smooth creamy sauce. It will definitely whet your appetite for more! The hanger steak was just as divine. A simple, juicy steak, which I ordered medium, and it came as medium, smothered with chimichurri sauce, that wonderful South American parsley and garlic condiment, along with just perfect, crispy homemade fries. The pecan pie was rich, creamy and just the right amount of sweet. I was loving every bite.  Everything was going along swimmingly until the young yuppie family from hell showed up next to our table. Bringing your one-year old along with her her toy trunk to a popular eatery is NOT cool and this is where Tuck Shop loses their stars. I can understand wanting to accommodate your clients, yes,  but accommodating them at the expense of other clients, no. Had circumstances been different, I would have given Tuck Shop a full five stars, no problem and without any hesitation but given the experience last night, I just can't.[Memo to young hipster/yuppie parents: I get that you want to continue the lifestyle you had before the kids came along, I really do. But there is no way on God's good earth a crying 1 year old or 2 year old will ever understand what eating at a popular new restaurant really means. A kid at that age is just thinking cartoons and sugar. Please take them to McDonald's and if you still have your heart set on eating out at places like Tuck Shop, get a babysitter and then go on your date night.]
4	Food was delicious, The host at the door was very pleasant and the atmosphere is moderate and cozy. The service is ok, they have a small kitchen for the food takes a little longer then I like to come out, the Bartender who is also an owner never really let us know if it would be coming shortly or what was up.. As a bartender myself, I appreciate when whoever is serving me, keeps me in the loop. ex; we have a small kitchen so it shouldn't be much much longer..But that might just be me coming from the service industry. I like interaction with my waiter or bartender regardless of how fancy a place may be. It's defnetly  worth the try if you've never been!
4	Alright, I loved the atmosphere, and the company, I love sitting at the bar and drinking wine and enjoying ridiculously rich food. And the food was amazing really - perfect pork belly, and lovely duck on inventive grains and vegetables, pricey but served up in hearty portions and oh my don't even get me started on the giant slab of brownie made by the chef's mom because what a treat! and what a daunting thing! But here's my one little gumble, maybe I'm a little tired of all this heavy buttery fatty food. Maybe it gets a little one-note?
1	Made reservations weeks ago, showed up for dinner and they said we didn't confirm! Somebody named John remembered the reservation but the hostess told us on the way out that "we should have" made reservations??? The restaurant is hot now but in a shady part of town. Maybe when they aren't the talk anymore they will consider treating patrons better!
5	Oh Tuck shop how you always put such a smile on my face and satisfy my belly. Speaking of belly the pork belly at Tuck Shop is one of the best I have ever had and a must every time I go.Great atmosphere at Tuck shop and fantastic food.Try the lamb shank or the duck breast and you won't be disappointed.
5	My family and I decided this was in the top 5 meals we have ever had. My older sister, a Montreal resident, brought us here when we were visiting for the weekend. The menu is always changing but I know I had the pork belly and the burrata. Both were AMAZING. We all loved our meals, so it's kind of irrelevant what we had. It's a dark, trendy spot - it was probably slightly loud for my parents, but if you're relatively young, you won't have an issue. The wine, recommended by our server, was also impeccable. And oh ya - OUR SERVER - she was literally one of the best servers I've ever had, and I don't say that lightly. I wish I remembered her name to give a shout out here, but she was so attentive, knowledgeable, and just had a great personality! Kudos to tuck shop!!!
5	I went to Tuck Shop for the first time 9 months ago with some coworkers and the food was memorable for all the right reasons.  I had the steak tartar as a starter and the texture, and flavor were perfection.  I have had a lot of steak tartar and I can honestly say this was the best I have ever had. It was served with a wonderful aioli that was rich and infused with the flavor of ...I want to say Porcini mushrooms. The lamb I ordered was also delicious.  The meat was flavorful but not over powering.  It was lean yet also tender and perfectly seasoned.  Unfortunately As an out-of-towner, I will have to make due with memories of this meal until the next time I am in Montreal.7-24-14I just had my second meal at The Tuck Shop 9 months after my first and I am happy to say that my memories were true.  The food was fantastic.  This time I added a delicious sour cherry pie to my meal.  The service was great. Charming, up and coming neighborhood.
5	Tuck shop was able to accommodate a party of 9 after a cancellation .. We were at the right place at the right time so lucky for us. Food , wine and ambiance was wonderful. Vanessa was a gem and helped everyone with the perfect pairing of wine and food .. Will be back!Thank you for a great food experience !
5	Our first time at Tuck Shop, what a place what service. We had the the zucchini blossom salad - beautiful, then the fish tacos that brought back memories of our last years vacation in Mexico. The salty caramel cheese cake was amazing too. But the things that impressed my wife and I was how friendly the staff was. Bravo and thank youSee you again Saturday night.
3	Well cooked but predictable with some some meh service.  So this was a reco from a few friends. We scored a last minute reservation and we were kind of excited to try. So At the end of the day, some of the food was really good (turnip soup w/ bacon), and some was just kind of good but expected. I thought the food would be more exciting but in the end it was well made but not really memorable. The lamb shank was fine. The fish was a bit dull and smothered in cream sauce/soup.The service was super (over) friendly which is fine, except they disappeared for almost an hour leaving us staring at an empty table between app and entree. Not the end of the world but kind of puts a damper on the night. Nobody came to check on us or give us any explanation. We obviously left somewhat unhappy but the waiter chose not to really give a shit.Was it worth the big bucks + the 40 in cab fare for us? Nope. But maybe it was just a bad night. Either way I had to grab a sandwich afterwards.
4	We had a fantastic dinner at Tuck Shop. I'd give it 5 stars if it weren't for our server who disappeared right after our mains came out and failed to give descriptions of our meals. We had to wave down the (very lovely) hostess to bring us our coffee and dessert. We started with the oysters. Two choices, the best homemade cocktail sauce I have ever tasted. Next we had the OCTOPUS which I cannot recommend more because it was insanely delicious. Cooked to absolute perfection- fluffy, tender and juicy. The accoutrements were also fantastic (creamy hummus & baba ganoush, crispy little falafels and fresh labneh). We also had the pork belly entree which was also delicious, but a little more on the unhealthy side with delicious oyster mushroom floating in a heavy cream sauce. Yum all the same. For our mains, we had the sea bass and the lamb shank- both delicious- flavours that melded perfectly. For dessert, the restaurant offers homemade pies baked by the chef's mother. We had the pecan. Yum.
