3	10/09Went by myself to the Greek Festival.  I really encourage others who want to take these excursions, but are hesitant to go by themselves.  It's a great way to check out events w/out the worry of boring your other companions who may not enjoy the same types of activities as you, plus you just might make new acquaintances!  Had I not gone tonight, I would've missed out on the chance meeting of two dear friends (a coworker and her adorable father), and consequently meeting her aunt, Greek uncle, cousins, and nephews!  And I thought I was the sole Asian among this lot of Greeks- I think I spotted only a couple of Indians and African-Americans in the three hours I was there!For $10, I purchased a spanakopita (spinach and cheese-stuffed phyllo-dough pie, $3), dolmades (lemon-infused rice and beef-stuffed grape leaves, $3 for 2 pcs.), and pastitsio [Greek-style "lasagna" of pasta (rigatoni), meat sauce, and bechamel, $4).  I didn't care for the spanakopita as it was all butter-laden phyllo and not much filling, but the dolmades/dolmas were very flavorful.  The winner, all around the table, was the pastitsio!  Loved, loved, loved the bechamel sauce!  Other tablemates purchased and shared their choices of moussaka, an eggplant, meat sauce, and bechamel layered baked dish (delish!);  saganaki (flambeed cheese, commonly Kasseri or Kefalotyri) w/ stale pita bread; and loukoumades, Greek-style doughnuts soaked in honey [I've never favored this greasy-tasting pastry... biting into one always makes me wish I was eating gulab jamun, an Indian sweet made by deep-frying milkballs (milk solids and flour), bathing them in rosewater/saffron syrup, and then topping them w/ cardamom seeds] instead.  For dessert, I bought take-home packs ($8 each) of kataifi- one of my fave Greek sweets- made with shredded phyllo dough, nuts, and honey; and baklava, a multi-layered pastry of phyllo, walnuts, and honey.  (Of course, I portioned a few for the table to enjoy along w/ me.)  Both were very good, w/ the kataifi being less sweeter than the baklava, yet, to a friend and me, more delightful w/ the added textural surprise of the shredded phyllo!  Enjoy the photos!
2	Went between 11 am and 2 pm on Saturday to this fest that I looked sooooo forward to all year.  So, let's review this one shall we?The Food:  Sucks.  No need to be any classier in the description than that.  It sucks...big time. I paid $12 for some spanakopita--my very favorite spinich pie.  The pie was soggy, the spinich wasn't fresh and it had no taste.  Went into the garbage.  Mousaka was bland totally, and also went into the garbate.Dolmades I ate out of frustration but they weren't good at all being some meat-type thing (for all I know they could have been made of dog food) with some lemon sauce...just not good but edible.  I'm fat and I came having had nothing to eat all day yet.  And the baklava?  That was good, so I suspect it is brought in from somewhere else.$12 - the domades = into the garbage.  Yum?The entertainment:  Two guys who were really good playing bouzouki's when you get to sit on the aluminum stadium seats in the hot sun so you can fry your ass I guess.  But they were good players definitely.  Mmmmm...nice and hot seating tho...does nobody think at this church?Now where was the dancing children and adults that I expected to entertain at this hour that I see at every Greek fest I have been to?  Oh, not there you say?  Nor were they advertised anywhere I could see.  But, then again, this is just one of the busiest days and times of the entire fest, so why would they have entertainment at this time?  I gather this is the normal pattern of thinking of this church going by the slop they serve the unsuspecting to eat.The goods to buy:  All the booths but the Village Market and one tiny jewelry booth had crap that looked like it came from Taiwan.  I didn't know that many Greeks lived in Taiwan I guess....OK, I admit that I am waaaaay oversensitive about these Greek places because I R one, but damn! folks, do they have to go out of their way to overcharge for food that is so bad?  And try to sell these poor, unsuspecting non-Greeks shit goods and try and pawn them off as "authentic" Greek items?I think I can safely say I was mortified about the quality of this festival.I won't ever be back.But, if Saint Haralambros has a festival like they did last year with such excellent and superior food and such beautiful artistry in the jewelry as they did in 2010 I will be there....and, trust me, I am no member of any church so don't think I am some kind of ringer here.I just believe in calling it like it is and not sugarcoating what I see is crap and not calling it crap.  And I say "crap" on this festival totally!  You, Holy Trinity, are an embarrassment to the Greek Fests in America....or, if nothing else, you are an embarrassment to some of us in the Greek community for your lousy food and ridiculously high prices for bad quality food, no entertainment at noon and cheaply made trinkets you were trying to sell.2 stars =  Good music despite no dancers, and they did have it organized well and areas divided off decently.Later the next week:  I had to add this because I am so astounded at all the non-Greeks who write reviews here about how wonderful the food is at this fest.  Ok, so I'm at a Greek-Mid Eastern eatery in Phoenix Friday eating and start talking to one of the owners (who is also Greek) about the horrible food at this fest.  She says she is a total souvlaki lover, and the food at this fest was bad last year.  My gosh! You mean to tell me that the food is crap EVERY year here and you Yelpers STILL rave about this shit?  What is wrong with you guys???
3	How could one guy play the bouzuoki that fast for two hours straight?
4	I went with the bf and his friend on Sat night.What seemed like cons weren't:Don't park at the fest, park for free at Chuck Schwab on Lincoln, and take free shuttle.Long line for food? Moved quickly.Very crowded, looking for seating? Just keep walking, tables were meant to be shared with your extended Greek family.We pretty much had a smorgasbord of as many tasty options as we could and shared or at least tried each others food.My personal favorites: The chicken, Greek fries, Loukoumades (honey balls!!!!), and dolmades with beef and the lemon dill sauce mmmmm!!The Mythos beer was tasty and stronger than Bud Light.The chicken souvlaki was a little disappointing, and I am spoiled and much prefer my bf's pastichio (Greek lasagna). The tubey noodles were interesting, but the sauce just didn't have that extra special something. Maybe not enough cinnamon?Prices were okay, nothing unreasonable for a fest. Some portions were more generous than others, but just get what you like.All the good Greek pastries were available please excuse my spelling, but at least I can pronounce them- melamakarna, koudambethes, baklava, the Easter bread, and more.There was beautiful artwork and jewelry to look at (or to buy if you have more money than me), Greek merchandise with funny sayings on the tshirts and aprons, and of course, charity tables, because it was at the Greek Orthodox church, and it's good to help others. The best part was, you think you've seen all they have to offer, and you realize there's another room of stuff to look at, eat, etc.We go almost every year, I like this location better than when it was in Scottsdale, and we'll be back next year.
4	Good Greek delicacies and culture. Can't wait til next years festival. OPA!
4	I always enjoy this festival. It's in October so it can be pretty hot. They have lots of shade areas set up.  We do the "inside" food because we think it tastes better. The lamb shank is delicious and just falls off the bone. Other favorites include the potatoes and mousaka. The stuffed grape leaves..... not so much. They run out of Baklava on midday Sunday so be sure to purchase on arrival. The nice ladies will hold it for you so you don't have to tote it around the grounds. We inevitably try on the Greek Fisherman's hats or a T shirt, or jewelry, and always find something to buy. It's a fun afternoon listening to live tunes, eating great chow and getting in touch with my inner Greek.
5	The dancing is so cute, the music great and the food blew my mind!! Be sure to grab a gyro, Greek fries and a BAKLAVA SUNDAE.  Yum yum yum!! There are also lots of vendors to buys jewelry, art, T-shirts etc.  there is also a market to buy pita, olives feta etc.  The authentic food was the highlight!  Can't wait till next year!
