3	4 pounds of fresh cut greasy french fries with cheese sauce and ketchup has to be had at least once if you are in Pittsburgh.  They literally cover a plastic cafeteria tray with fries for about $5.00 They aren't that great, but there sure are a lot of em.
5	Hidey ho!  Hot dogs and wet fries.  By wet, I mean with gravy.  If you're in Pittsburgh, you already knew that.
4	The dirty OGod, i used to head here after high school when I went shopping at Teleropa and just had to rebel from my ideal suburban parents.Cheese fries... no, that isn't descriptive enough.  A WHOLE basket of deep dried goodness, covering the red plastic tray and falling to the floor as you searched for a table in this iconic grease ladden Pittsburgh hang out.
5	I cannot FUCKING BELIEVE I didn't visit here the last time I was in town.  Sweet Jesus, I love the O.  And I've never even had one of their famous hotdogs.  No, I'm all about those fries, and the pizza too.  But now I just want to eat it all.  Every last one.  I want to grow a huge ass that is composed of nothing but O fries and cheese.  I guess that's one dream that won't come true.  Sob, sob.
3	so i am trying to make my way to our table, carrying 7 cups of ice water and one beer and there is a large man with his back to me, talking and waving his arms. i get the feeling he has run into an old friend, who by the looks of it is slightly less excited to see large man, perhaps has even been avoiding him? who knows. so i, the experienced crowd navigator (honed by years of crowded parties, bars, and working in retail) say, "excuse me--" he doesn't notice me, flailing arms, exclaiming at his friend. "excuse me, sir-- i just want to squeeze by you," normally i try a light touch on the shoulder, but as i said, my hands were full of water cups.  i start to get frustrated (was my hot dog getting cold waiting at the table?) i squeeze by, spilling some beer in the process.  after making it to the table and biting into those greasy perfect french fries, i see my sister (aka the tightest girl ever) in the same predicament, blocked by large man.  she, who won't let anything get between her and her lunch, says "excuse me!" once, and he finally turns, looks at her and turns back around, ignoring her and still blocking her way.  she is only holding a pile of napkins, so she pushes past him saying, "you are an inconsiderate asshole! asshole!!"  he may not have noticed (he was still talking hella loud to his "friend"), but another woman did and gave her a dirty look.  not missing a beat, my sister looks at her says: "tourrets!!" and moves quickly over to our table.  (get that, girl.)i think that for lunch on the day after thanksgiving, panera's would have been a better choice (small side salad anyone?) but the dirty O is pretty f*n good. you just have to be ready...
4	Sandwich was not the greatest but fries were good. A size "small" could feed about 4 people.You can buy some really nasty teenage girl malt liquors in here.
5	This place was the second place that came to mind when reminiscing about places that actually made me who I am today The O came to mind. If I had a dollar today for every hot dog I have consumed from this place I would be able to retire early. The hot dogs with their crispy skin and the french fries are something worth remembering.
5	The guy who used to ring me up at the O told me he had been shot 9 times while working there, and he kept coming back. That's how awesome the O is.
2	Ridicious grease. Too many french fries. Bring an appetite!!I'd much rather eat at Uncle Sam's!
5	I had to give this place 4 stars b/c i have so many fond drunken memories of it. My overweight RA took me to this place the day i moved into my dorm and i knew from that day forward that this place would be a favorite pitt stop on my drunken walk home. The french fries are greasy and amazing and you get to choose a dipping sauce-my favorite is cheese but you can get gravy or ranch too. I bet plenty of freshman can blame the O for their infamous 15lb weight gain. another perk is being able to stop by and get white trash 40oz mickeys to share with my roomates on hot summer nights. I'll always love this place. go PITT
5	The stuff legends are made of. The hot dogs are great, no doubt. But the mountain of fries has to be seen to be believed. Of course, seeing them isn't good enough... they must be devoured.I appreciate this place for its personality as much as its food.They just don't make 'em like this anymore...
4	Four stars because this place is an institution.  Not just fries, but a BAG of fries.  Be prepared to share with everyone you know and even someone you don't know.  The pizzas also aren't bad, especially for the price, but late at night, be prepared to wait awhile while all the other drunken patrons are getting their own food.  Oh, the store is not the best place to actually eat you food, but just take it home and start that second party.
4	A great Pittsburgh tradition.  The fries are outrageous!!Great place to go when you are extremely hungry ...
3	Definitely one of Pittsburgh's institutions.  Somewhere you have to go if you ever come to Pittsburgh.  The O I had watched on Food Network back in the days and so when I came and visited, I just had to try it.  They were pretty good but I wanted them to be even better.   Out of this world.  I would definitely come back a second time if I ever visit Pitt again but maybe lower my expectations the second time around so that I could be pleasantly surprised.....
5	With family living in Pittsburgh, I always look forward to this Oakland landmark when visiting. I think a "small" fries is piled two feet high, but very tasty and the cheesesteak (not a hot dog fan) is fantastic. Last visit--June 2004.
4	The O is known for their sarcastic staff and their fries and hotdogs. I also love their veggie subs and portabella burger. I owe all my "freshmen 15" to the O.
5	I haven't been here since 1993.  I live in So Cal where the lifestyle is healthier than Pittsburgh.  For 4 years I clogged my arteries and put myself on Lipitor because of this joint.  Where else can you go and spend $4 on a 1 to 2 ft high pile of french fries?  They are fresh cut and don't come frozen out of a paper bag.  They taste DAMN GOOD and better yet they serve Kraft Cheese Whiz!  Not the imitation, the one and only KRAFT!  If I had a penny for every time I was there drunk or sober, I'd give Trump a run for his money.  You go to the "O" with friends.  Never by yourself.  Now granted it's been 15 years and with the price of inflation, I can remember spending $1.50 on a great hot dog.  This hot dog had some snap to it.  Also, a large pizza cost $5.  You can go here for less than $5 a person and feed the cast of Entourage, including all of Vincent Chase's women.  I miss this place like there is no tomorrow.  My arteries will always be aching for The "O".
5	I cried the day they removed the O from the University Center at CMU. I remember being physically unable to finish my meal the first time I ate here as a freshman, but by the end of freshman year (and 10+ pounds later), I was a pro! They have a lot of great toppings for your burger and you can choose your cheese too - my personal favorite was a burger with ketchup, mustard, cheddar cheese, lettuce, fried onions, and EGG TOP. The fries are wonderfully greasy and delicious and go great with gravy. Their chicken fingers and chicken parm sandwich are also excellent, and they have some of the best honey mustard I've ever had.
5	Man this was the best place to have so close to campus.  There is nothing better than woofin' down a ton of fries with gravy and some dogs after a night of beer drinking.  I've been here many times...and probably more times than I can literally remember...8^0 !!!I went in with 3 friends and we ordered the friggin' gargantuan sized fries.  It was basically an ENTIRE basket fryer just dumped on a tray.  Needless to say 4 of us couldn't finish it.
4	came here on a trip (i am from LA) and i loved it. i didnt expect to; there are a ton of good hot dog shops in LA, but i was wrong. I had onions, cheese and ketchup on my dog and we got a medium fries (for 5 people it was a lot). one of the only places i want to return when i come back to PA.
4	Okay, so the bathroom here is probably the grossest I've seen or smelled.  That said, the rest of my experience here was quite enjoyable.  The hot dogs were great, they had a lovely crust.  I hate it when hot dogs are just boiled and rubbery.  I enjoy the flavor and texture of a crust on my dogs.  The fries were delicious as well, and a huge portion!  We ordered the medium and the 4 of us polished it off, but after checking out the large that our neighbors ordered, I knew we made the right choice!  All in all, this was a cool place to visit for an out-of-towner.  I think it's a local favorite as well, since they were locals who brought me here.  I would definitely hit this place up again if I was in Pittsburgh!
4	Having transplanted out of Pittsburgh some years ago, I find it disturbing that I still having cravings for 1am deliveries of The O's delicious, thick chocolate milk shakes, and their heart disease-inducing cheese fries. Oh my god, I miss The O -- no one does fast, greasy spoon food like they do!
4	Love the snap when you take the first bite, Great dogs and the fries are great too. Little oily but that's good!They could chop the onions smaller than "rough chop".
5	It's important for me to note at the beginning of this review that I don't like french fries.  There are two exceptions to this rule - McDonalds and The O in Pittsburgh.  And even if I'm eating there, I don't usually get the fries at McD.  But everytime I am in Pittsburgh, I will get the fries at The O.  Every.  Time.  They give you a ridiculous amount and just pony up for the cheese and gravy on the side.  YUMMMMMMM.  Crunchy outside, potatoey inside and plenty of salt.  Rock on.
2	A hot dog is a hot dog. Personally, not sure what the big deal with this place is other than the fact that it's open late and sells beer. 7-11's do the same thing. The hot dogs here are so so. The only redeeming thing about this place is that everything here is cheap. This is great hangout place for the college crowd. It sounds weird, but the pizza is only good for about an hour or so. For those of you that like day old pizza, this isn't the pizza to be eating day old. The fries here are actually pretty good but VERY greasy...even more so than anywhere else. They're made quick and you get your choice of dipping sauces and they really hit the spot. Best not to go late a night to this place as the police slowly start outnumbering patrons at this place.
4	A great place for a good Hot Dog. I like my dives, and this would be one of those places that must be experienced.  Take a minute, when you walk in to familiarize yourself, there are two entrances, come in on Forbes, and to your right, you will see a wall-o-hot dogs.  You will clearly see why you want one of these awesome dogs.  If it's your first time, get a regular dog, and a super dog, pack on the mustard and onions.   Ketchup if you like, (I'm a Chicago purest, so none of that for me), your favorite soda, I recommend a coke, and order some fires.  This should fill you up nicely, and if you want more, then good luck, portions are large. There are seats in sight, or you can find the additional seating past the "O".  Cash is king, makes things easier, and know what you want on it (toppings), to speed you along.
5	Too often is the term "instituition" used when describing an eatery.  Too seldom is that term used to describe "The O".  If you're looking to feed an army of hungry college students then this is absolutely the place to go.  What can one get at "The O"?  Well, try delightfully greasy pizza, thick hard hot dogs. triple thick milk shakes, and a mountain of french fries so large you almost need a wheelbarrow to carry them.  God only knows how many weekend afternoon hangovers I drowned in a sea of french fry grease, ketchup, and cheese.The place has the right amount of dirty to make a hungover college student feel at home.To visit Pittsburgh more than twice and not go to The O is a tragedy.  But some advice, go in the afternoon or early evening.  Late nights are very busy and sometimes the place is frequented by some unsavory characters.
3	I knew I'd make it here one day and last Saturday, during a tour of the Pitt campus, I was provided the perfect opportunity to pop in and give this place a try without going out of my way.  And I'll say it...I'm glad I didn't cross the Birmingham Bridge just  for this.  Still, something about it is charming and authentic and well, original.  And the food wasn't allll bad.  First the good:  The fries were plentiful and amazing.  I realize they probably never change the frying oil but I'm sure that's exactly what makes them so tasty.  And the gravy...get the gravy!!  It elevates the fry experience to a whole new level.   Also tried these fries with cheese; plain ol' ketchup; and bare naked.  Delicious any way you go.  The disgusting: The hot dog.  I'm sorry but I don't get the hype.  I like my hot dogs plump, juicy and preferably all-beef.  This was shriveled, crunchy, crusty, overcooked, and well...I don't know what's in a hot dog but it wasn't all beef.  I realized after ordering that you can in fact order an all-beef dog, but that leads me to the next point....The confusing:  I know this is part of the charm and what makes this place an "institution" in Pittsburgh and a gripe from a newcomer is worth about a penny, but wow.  The menu is super busy and all over the place...leading me to miss the all-beef dog option. And I had absolutely no idea where to physically place my order (dogs in one section, fries in another, beer/pizza in another!!!).  Fortunately it was mid afternoon, not too crowded, and a polite kid behind the counter had a surprising amount of patience with me.  If for no other reason than a six pack of beer, I'm sure I'll be back at some point during my time as a part-time Pitt student.
4	THE GREASY O - THE FRIES ARE THE STAR!This is another Pittsburgh great! A late night lair for the after bar crowd and junk food obsessed! Yes, the dogs are good but the fries are the star - order the largest they have and bring 10 friends!  Feel young again with the University of Pittsburgh crowd around you and indulge in some greasy goodness!
4	The fries are good. The "signature" fries are reeeeeally good. However, I have to dock them for a) making it needlessly confusing to figure out where to buy normal fries and where to buy signature fries, and then acting surly when I didn't immediately understand the difference (yes, I'm sure it's part of their shtick, but have some patience with the kid obviously from out of town with no one behind him)b) not having terribly good hot dogs (sorry, but they ain't no Nathan's), andc) charging a large amount for an absurd amount of fries without having any clear option to pay a normal amount of fries for a normal price (luckily I brought someone who could share them with me.) That said, the fries were reeeeeeeeally good. I'm sure I'll be back. Damnit.[Edit - They do have a better option for ordering an smaller number of fries. Actually, I think they give you basically the same, insanely large amount of fries, but just charge you less for some reason. Either way, they're getting a star back, as the place is growing on me. ]
4	Well first off, it took us about five minutes of watching people to figure out how to order. You see, there are three counters. One for hot dogs, one for beers, and the last covered everything else (sandwiches, fries, soft drinks, etc...). When I finally did get up to order, the guy refused to take my credit card.The place also doesn't look that clean. In fact, it looked downright filthy. The tables were dirty, and I could get the occasional whiff of the bathrooms from where we were sitting.The food, however, was amazing. I got a cheeseburger and a "small" order of fries. The small fries I ordered were about twice as big as anyone else's large, and they were amazing. The burger looked like a cheap and generic pre-pressed patty like you'd buy in the supermarket. It was also amazing however.
2	Late August found me and my two traveling companions on the ragged tail-end of a road trip that had taken us through seven states, posting an eye-popping number of miles on our unlimited mileage rental car. We were somewhere west of Pittsburgh, traveling 70 mph, well past dinner time. I suggested dropping into the University of Pittsburgh neighborhood where we would surely find lots of Thai and Indian restaurants, respite from the hamburgers, hot dogs, fries and soft drinks we'd been overdosing on.I like the city of Pittsburgh a lot. I like the hills and all of the bridges that remind me of San Francisco. I like the Pitt campus neighborhood. Yes, I like Pittsburgh even in spite of the Original Hot Dog Shop.This restaurant reminds me a lot of a college dorm room; so unsanitary, so unkempt that only college students could survive and thrive there. You go to the bathroom to wash up and you emerge dirtier than before.But people around this college neighborhood like it, obviously. It's busy. I don't know how we ended up here. Inexplicably, my hamburger hating friends voted for it (and those great Thai and Indian restaurants we looked for never showed up, no matter how much searching we did).The hamburger, though made of frozen patties, was actually not terrible, saved by a good bun and toppings.  I didn't get any, but the huge piles of hot, greasy fries looked like a standout item here. Unfortunately, the guy working the hamburger counter was a pretty rude sort. Goodsir, have you ever considered moving to New York? You'd enjoy it.
2	OK, this has got to be the most gross place in all of Pittsburgh.   But, Because of it's notoriety, I thought I would make a stop at the "O" and at least give it a try.  I had a dog (with the works) and ordered fries, just because it was suggested to me that they give you the most unbelieveable size of fries you have ever seen.  True enough - they were large, and actually quite good.  The dog, well.....let's just say it was a hot dog, nothing special.  The lady behind the counter cooking the dogs is a real hoot - if nothing else, stop in just to check her out.  Everything in this place is sticky and greasy, but you know even before you go in what to expect just from the exterior "ambience."
5	as a pittsburgh transplant, I've generally been pretty disappointed with the  quality of restaurants. I've found that your best bet is to steer clear of the fine dining and outmoded "hot spots", and go straight for the junk food. the "O" has lovely hot dogs with a snappy natural casing. I get mine w/ brown mustard & kraut. Their fries come in generous proportions (I recommend the small for two people), and are generally crispy and fresh. Plus, they have a pretty good beer selection, which puts this place heads and shoulders above, say D's, whose sysco-truck curly fries and mushy dogs are just pathetic.
4	No corn dogs. I understand a corn dog is not your traditional "hot dog" but I figured with a menu that spans 3 counters, a corn dog might magically appear. The place is dirty and greasy, the menu spans 3 counters, and it takes approximately 6 fries to start making your heart hurt (and then you have 289762 to go), but the line goes out the door on weekends so they must be doing something right. Docked a star because it truly can be somewhat confusing to order. I got my food correctly the first few times based off of lucky guesses.
4	Not a huge fan of the hot dogs at  " The O"  BUT  can't resist their french fries.  Had a large one recently but I recall, back in the day, getting the XL size  ( 5 pounds of potatoes!!! )  and having eating contests with them.The milk shakes aren't too bad either but stay away from the pizza.
4	"Awww yeah!" as Marky Mark would have said back in the day if he had tasted my hot dog.  I got the beef dog with cheese, chilli, onions, sauerkraut and mustard.  The wait was a little long because there were two people ahead of us ordering HUGE orders so we kind of stood idle for a good 30 minutes but I was assured, these were gonna be good. I was not disappointed.Now, let's talk about the fries. WOW.  We got a small and this could easily feed 4 people. HUGE portions.  They do not skimp here and the price is right.My one pet peeve:  why two different lines for hot dogs and fries?  Can I just order both at the same time at the same window?  Doesn't make a bit of sense to me to pay for my hot dog then have to walk over to the other side of the restaurant to order and pay for my fries?  By the time i get the fries, my damn dog will be cold!  Let's see if we can come up with a more efficient procedure?  I am all for the old-school but this was just plain retarded.Despite this, I really enjoyed my hot dog and would go back. My belly is growling just thinking of it.
4	While this place is a favorite with local college students, its appeal has gone nationwide with their hotdogs being considered the 4th best in the country according to Gourmet magazine.  And they offer up several variations and allow for a whole host of toppings including cheese, mustard, ketchup, relish, sauerkraut, and chili.  I opted for one of their new dogs which has cheese and jalapeno peppers inside of it, and really enjoyed it.  Beyond the hotdogs though, they are also famous for their ridiculously sized portions of fries.  I ordered the small which can easily feed two people by itself.  And they have a six pack shop with several hundred brands of beer available for purchase.  Yeah, college friendly to be sure.  Some notes on the experience:- Lines are long even at off-peak times, and sometimes people order for several people at once, so be prepared.- Hotdogs are available up front, but fries are available in the rear.  So if you want both, you will have to wait in line twice.  Annoying!- There is ample seating on the second level with a nice view of Forbes Avenue.The place is a historic landmark, and is definitely a good roadside stop.  If you are ever in the 'burgh, check them out!
1	If you are from Pittsburgh, go for the nostalgia.  If you want even passable food, just stay away.First, the famous fries:   There are a lot of them, yes, and they come in a giant congealed "fry-ball" you have to pick apart.   Imagine an Outback "blooming onion" that has been run over.  I don't even think the ketchup is Heinz (isn't that a crime in Pittsburgh?) because it tasted low-grade and is served in a little cup with a peel-away top like lunch box applesauce.Second, the famous hot-dogs:  These are thin, flavorless, overcooked, crunchy hot dogs served on a steamed store bun.   I had chili and onions on mine, which clearly came from a can.  I've had better hot dogs at the ball park, and they cost about the same.My friend had the chicken sandwich, which while OK, was exactly the same thing you can get at Wendy's down the street.And while I don't expect much service from a hot dog and fries joint, ordering here is insanely complicated.  Each counter serves something different, and to assemble an actual meal requires some patience and dexterity.  I'm from Philly, and ordering cheesesteaks from Pat's isn't even this hard.The Big "O" is another college tradition that is best left to college students.
1	Every large university area I have been to seems to have a hot dog shop near it. Some are great others are not, but one this is true is that they all offer cheap eats. In this case we have an oddity, a fairly expensive hot dog stand offering poor food.OK I know this place is an iconic Pittsburgh institution but the food is sorely lacking. First of all if you want a dog or two and some fires you have to stand in two different lines, so either you dogs get cold or your fries get gold while you are waiting for the other. LAME.Second complaint the dogs are cooked on a griddle where they sit and sit and sit drying out, my idea of a hot dog is not a semi-blackened piece of jerky meat, it should he juicy and succulent. It's too bad that they ruin their dogs this way, getting past the dried out part the taste of this dog would have been pretty good if prepared correctlyThird complaint the buns - what is with east coast people and their feeble wonder bread buns they serve hot dogs on? You have two main components: The dog and the bun, both of these should be of high quality if you skimp on either one you will have a sub-par hot dog.Fourth complaint - complete and utter disorganization of ordering, waiting and paying for your dog. You would think that some genius would be able to how to figure out and streamline the process to make it more efficient. Also hire some employees with some personality the three that were there seemed to hate their jobs.Fifth complaint - $ 7.75 for two regular dogs (this was a special too) and a drink is ridiculous, throw in fries and I'm over $10 bucks - that's highway robbery for what was served.FOOD 1.5 stars - it's hard to screw up a hot dog but they did itSERVICE 1.5 stars - I think if anybody smiled their face would have fallen off.VALUE 1 star, OK I have to give at least 1 star according to yelp otherwise this would be zero.Total: 1.33 starsFor hot dogs in PA both The Frantuary (2 stars) has won in the toppings contest while Wiener World (3 stars) has the best dogs and buns.
1	So, I'll be clear, this place is best experienced crunk.  That's right, crazy drunk.  It is super dirty and just generally pretty gross.  Avoid at all costs if the bathroom is broken or you will see a homeless mans wiener as he just stands at the bottom of the stairs and pees into the swelling pool of fetid urine and vomit.  Pittsburghers love this place because they give you a comically large amount of food, that you will ultimately regret eating when you actually start sweating french fries.  If you hate your body, or really like man vs. food but think he's just too elitist, then this could be your place.  It remains open because college kids are an equal mix of stupid and poor.
5	Geez, what a bunch of cranky reviewers... The system is really not that complicated, just pay some attention to how the place is laid out. What do you people think this is, McDonald's?1) Order the fries. 2) Walk over to the hot dogs and order (mustard, kraut and onions, of course). 3) Walk back to the the fries section. Your order just came up!  Optional: Stop for a beer on the way.By the way, don't get too focused on the hot dogs. Try the hoagies in the back. These are the best in the city, as near as I can tell. And this seems to be the only place in town that actually makes real French  fries.
5	All time favorite fries right here. I used to eat their fries with Laser Malt Liquor every monday night when I threw monday night football parties in my dorm room. I invited the bums to the party in exchange for buying our beer. It was awesome. The people at the O knew, but as long as a bum was willing to front, we had our Laser Malt Liquor. Hot dogs are the bomb, but the star is the fries.
5	I worked here 40 years ago and the place was disgusting but great!Heading to Pittsburgh this summer and hope that it is just as good as in the past.  Pray that you can still buy a quart of beer from the cooler and the fries are hot. For those of you worried about health, don't be. I have not heard of anybody meeting their maker from dining at the "O".
1	Our friends recommended this place when we were visiting Pittsburgh. Unfortunately, we took their recommendation and went there. The place is filthy, disorganized, and the food is just disgusting. Plus, not even cheap!Do not go there if you like clean environment and tasty food...
2	Huge portions, dirt cheap prices. The french fries are amazing, however the cheese is gross, let it sit too long and it turns into a gelatinous mess. The pizza appears to be a frozen pie thrown into an oven and heated. It's a good place for cheap eats and a cold beer, that's about it. The atmosphere leaves a lot to be desired and if you go by the saying "the kitchen is as clean as the bathroom" the under NO circumstances should you enter the loo.
3	First let me say, the fry sizes of small, medium and large don't mean the same thing here as they do in the rest of the world.If you have a group that is smaller than 6 starving college students, don't even think about ordering a large, trust me.While the place is called the original hot dog shop, I always pass on the dogs and order a burger.  I like them much better.  Combine the burger and fries with a tasty malt liquor and that's all you need for a great meal.
3	Came here after a semi-get together with family and friends. They told me about this place being bomb after a party and how it was good food. The outside lights made it very festive. The inside was just nice and what you would expect from a hot dog shop/diner type of setup. I got the superdog which is jammed with stuff if you get everything on it. Now it wasnt spectacular but it wasnt bad. Now what sends this place over the top are the fries. They basically give you a massive amount, that cannot be finished unless your with friends or your last name is kobayashi. Overall I thought it was great and I wouldnt mind coming back to try other stuff. Also if im hungry or a poor college kid or just hit with the munchies I would come here just for the fries.
3	Best fries in Pittsburgh; the portions are huge - a small order of fries can easily serve two people. I usually get the cheese sauce with the fries - mmm so good! They also have amazing all beef foot long hot dogs!
2	Best worst buffet in pgh.
3	They sell Hot Dogs...please take note:  this place is more of a college town culture experiment than a fabulous gourmet eatery!Please know that going in!!I've seen too many people write reviews for this joint as if it were supposed to be selling some gourment goodness.Its not; its just unique.PROS: interesting looking uniquely operatedgives you a taste of college town & the camaraderie that comes with thatCONS:seemingly not very cleanpricey for "just hotdogs" and french fries with warmed cheese whizParking (as always in Oakland) is poo!PARKING TIP:  If the street parking fails you... try the lot across the street in the lower level Pitt's Sennot Square building.(from Forbes @ the "O", turn onto S. Bouquet St. and make a right onto Sennott Street.  Make another quick right into the building's lot)
2	While looking for a place to eat for lunch, I came across this joint and decided to give it a try. When you step inside, there is a distinctively familiar feeling that you've been here before...the midnight munchies in college. The place looks like one match away from a fiery inferno and the metallic bathroom in the basement had so much grease on the floor that I couldn't stop sliding. I was hoping that my sophomore mantra "the dirtier the place, the better the food" was going to hold true. It didn't. There seemed to be 2 main stations for food and one for beer. The hot dogs are overcooked and just ok, but the fries are plentiful and made to order. The guy just plopped them on my tray like a shrapnel grenade...some hitting me and some falling to the ground. Prices are ok.What did I have:Original dog - mehSmall...I mean extra large fries (Point Brugge is the best so far in Pitt) Diet CokeWhen did I go:Weekday @ noonWill I come back?Only if I need to get my fix for fries with friends in Oakland
3	Went there late on a Sunday night and there were still people in line.  The hot dog was overcooked so there wasn't a snap to it rather a dull char on the ends.  Also, be picky about your condiments.  Don't get "everything" on it or else it'll be too busy.  The fries are great.  You definitely get a lot.  Also, if you just order a hot dog and fries, they'll be nice enough to tell you to get a drink and save a few cents on the combo.  The place isn't that great, but it does serve as comfort food for the Oakland area.
3	The O. A staple for Pitt and CMU students. If you want fries, do not order the large fries. Order the small fries because you will still not be able to finish them. They completely load up your tray with fries. The hot dogs are not bad. They are sometimes overcooked or are just old. And the fries aren't really good either.However, this place is open 24 hours and they do serve/sell beer too which is really good because if you're at Hemmingways when they close, you can just roll next door and get some drunk munchies. Just don't order the large fries.
4	We're all adults, let's be honest here- this is not where one goes when sober. But at the end of a long night out with friends, this hits the spot! Tip #1: Don't use the bathroom, seriously, it will scar you for life. Worst. Bathroom. Ever. I have used it twice in life, once at age 12 then again at age 27. Both times I could have used therapy afterward. Tip #2: Order a small fry if you're by yourself or with 1 other person- there will be much more than you expect, it's like a large McD fry x 6. Get cheese! The cheese is glorious while hot, but doesn't reheat well and gets minus one star because it used to be better 5 years ago.Tip #3: Go tipsy! Otherwise you might look at the hygienic issues surrounding you and get turned off. But for all of its skankiness, I've NEVER known anyone to get sick here. In fact, it's saved me some nights from waking up hung over.Tip #4: Enjoy!!!
4	I hope the employees know CPR. I can feel my arteries clogging from the small fry, oh my goodness. The dog was tasty. It was a little different for me being a West Coast kid where I'm not use to my hot dogs crunching when I bite into them. The fries were delicious AND HUGE!!!!! I rolled out happy.P.S. I was told the small fry was big, nothing could have prepared me for the size of the small fry. It's huge. Order with caution.
3	when it's 130am, who cares about the nitty-gritty?boisterous beings inside but fast and efficient service gets you in and out before you can count how many drinks you (think you) had.i happened to come here late last saturday night when i *wasn't* intoxicated, and was pleasantly surprised at the relatively low douche factor. the bestie and i picked up a couple dogs and fries to go.when we got back to the crib, i opened my hot dog container. the bun was still moist from the steaming process, and the ends of the dog came out from both sides..just how i like it*. i got ketchup, mustard, onions, and pickles. not the best dog i've ever had but hey, i'm from chicago. it was sufficient.the enormous mound of fries were made fresh for us (hellll-o** to the cutie helping us in the pirates hat) and were still hot when we got home. good, not great, and i was kind of disappointed that a good number of the taters were the bottom, stumpy, runt bits. the giant sealed container of ketchup was pretty clutch, though. oh to be where heinz started. open 24/7 and cash only!---*i'm sure there's a horribly crass that's-what-she-said in here somewhere.**seewhatididthere.
5	You know I live in Boston now.  But when ever I come home to Pittsburgh, to visit, I go to the Original Hot dog Stand.  They're open late, and haven't changed in many many years.  The hot dogs snap when you bite in to them they're slightly grilled on the sides and they're long, and filled with real beef NOT beef lips, or Cow Navel, these are hot dogs.  Order a small fry; they place a tiny container on a plate , then empty the entire fry basket of fries on to it.  If you like IRON CITY BEER I guess you can still get that.  Do not visit Pittsburgh without getting a hot dog at The Original Hot Dog Stand.(You can also buy their weenies raw and cook them at home)
5	Best. Drunk. Food. EVER. Grab some hot dogs, a sack (literally) of fries, a handful of ketchup packets, and get on with your evening. Don't bother sitting in the Dirty O, take your food to go, stumble outside and enjoy Oakland in a drunken, grease-induced haze, you lush.
5	So greasy, yet so satisfying. Can we say... hot dog with cheese and bacon? Dear lord. I had to detox for a week after this Pittsburgh trip (which included Primanti Bros, Haufbrauhaus, PNC Park Phillies vs Pirates, and other bars I can't remember). Is there no healthy food in this city?
2	Extremely overpriced, with bad food. I can't imagine how they stay in business when there are so many better and cheaper places all around them.
5	Forty years of classic hot dogs and mammoth buckets of fries.
2	I know I'm supposed to like the O and that it's a tradition, but honestly, the food is not all that good.  I like the fries, they are better than average, and the portions are huge.  My cheesesteak sandwich was not even average, and the portion of meat was very skimpy.
2	The staff is awful, they don't take credit cards, you have to order different menu items from different counters, refills cost extra. The food was average, nothing to write home about. The only reason they are still in business is because they are a novelty, and the appeal to drunk college kids for late night food.
5	I went to college in Pittsburgh, and had more than my fair share of drunken nights at "The O," but haven't been back for over 15 years.  When I was back in town, I HAD to go back.After reading the reviews, it sounded like things had really gone downhill.  People complaining about it being filthy, dirty, and the hot dogs being disgusting.  So I was a little nervous when I walked in, but when I did, I found out that it was the same old O, and also that there are a bunch of whiners here on Yelp.Seriously, whining about having to order your fries from a different counter than your hot dog?  Seriously?  Like someone else said, order your fries, then go get your hot dog (with mustard, relish, and sauerkraut, please!) and then go back and get your fries.  Be sure to get GRAVY with your fries.Haha, and all the whining about the bathroom.  Seriously?  Did you really think that the bathrooms in that place would be clean?  Seriously?  I've never actually gone down the "staircase to nowhere" where the bathrooms are.  At least not that I can remember (i.e. I quite possibly did in a drunken stupor one day.)  Where is the street smarts in kids these days? Of course it gets crowded at night.  But, if you go in the daytime, there should be no real wait.  Plus, your chances of being the victim of a drive by go WAY down.Y'all SHOULD be up in arms about what's happened AROUND the O.  Zelda's turned into a 5 guys?  WTF?  C.J. Barneys turned into a DUNKIN' DONUTS?  You've got to be f-ing kidding me!You go to the O for awesome (but greasy) fries (don't forget the GRAVY!) and decent hot dogs.  The burgers and chicken parm sandwiches are good too.  The pizza has never been good.  But you have to eat O pizza when you're drunk anyway.  You just do.I guess if you want sterile chain burgers and fries you can just go next door to 5 guys now.  But if you want to be shot at while eating tasty crispy dogs and a mountain of fries with ketchup and gravy cooked in the same grease for the past 50 years, while drinking a 40 of malt liquor, you've got to go to the O.  I guess you either get this place or you don't.
1	Horrible! We were excited to eat here because of the name. However, the hot dogs were dried out and disgusting, buns were dry, and there are no refills on soda. I would suggest walking a couple of doors down to the burger joint.
3	Every city has its share of restaurants that are beloved by locals so much that they become institutions.  The quality of the food is often irrelevant, as locals will come to swear by the restaurant and proclaim its greatness over every city's equivalent.  The Original Hot Dog Shop in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh is a prime example of this type of restaurant.The hot dogs are above average, but by no means achieve the level of greatness proclaimed by alums of the University of Pittsburgh.  They have a nice grilled taste and feature good quality meat, but there is nothing terribly unique about the hot dogs . The choice of toppings is limited, and the hot dogs have a standard taste, but the quality is solid.What makes the Original Hot Dog Shop stand out is its french fries.  The fries are fried to order, and after a short time spent in the fryer, a quick dash of salt is tossed on the fries.  The portion size is beyond generous, as a small order could easily serve as a full meal for two diners, and the fries have a crunchy exterior with a soft middle.  The level of saltiness is perfect, and though ketchup is given with the fries, it is not needed, as the fries are so full of flavor that toppings are not needed.You won't find anything new at the Original Hot Dog Shop, but it's a good local joint with solid hot dogs and exceptional french fries.
2	Whenever the situation warrants, I'll usually ask a business acquaintance from the Pittsburgh area whether they have been to "The O" lately.  Usually I get a smile and a conversation ice-breaker.  It's been years since I've been here, but by all indications, little changes.  In Pittsburgh's Oakland neighborhood, the heart of the college district, "The O" represents all of the angst and energy, the culinary hedonism and "WTF" attitude of my undergraduate years (in Cleveland).  Hot dogs are their namesake, and they're alright; the burgers and steak sandwiches are okay.  What everybody remembers about "The O" must be seen to be believed.  An order of fries or onion rings is huge beyond anticipation.  I would suspect that a few orders of fries from "The O" would have carried Napoleon's troops across Russia in the middle of winter.  Quantity aside, they're good.  You won't find the crisp, double-fried french fries or duck fat and truffle froufrou here; this is a roll-up-the-sleeves blue collar place.  I doubt that it is the cleanest place I've ever eaten in, but this isn't a place for whining and complaining, calorie-counting or sustaining a healthy diet.  It's cash-only, and there's no parking for blocks around, but that would be whining and complaining.  Order, sit down and gorge; eating can be this simple!
5	I've only been here a few times, but I will definitely be back. Good stuff.
1	I see a lot of people have reviewed this place. Well here is my 2 cents. There food is sloop it's the kind of thing I would expect to be served to college kids on  a budget. I had a hot sausage sandwhich the bread was hard enough to cut a person's gums the sauce  tasted like ragu straight out of a jar and the hot sausage was under cooked!!! who does that? Yep this is a place to be avoided.
5	A legend. Cheap and bad for you. Fries with gravy is the best. Going to the O is a PGH experience. Enjoy it for what it is a cheap dive bar with greasy food. YUM!!
2	A must-visit, but their pizza is awful, their hot dogs are tasteless, and their fries are- well- fries.  A tip for the newbie:  If you order a small fries, they use a small cup to fill up a brown bag of fries, and turn the cup upside down on the whole thing.  If you order a large, they do the same with a large cup (filling up the same size bag), for a larger price. :)
4	What a college fast food place is supposed to look and feel like.I live around Palo Alto (Stanford ) these days and it's just too clean and sanitary for a college town.,I miss the look and feel of liquored up frat boys staggering down to this place, to fill up on mass quantities of tube steaks,wings and fried taters.Nothing like a genuine college ghetto to bring back memories of my youthful indiscretions . Palo Alto reminds me of the Stepford Wives and Singapore rolled into one big sterile petri dish.
4	As I am a Pitt alum, your skepticism, dear reader, of this review is natural. But still, lend me your ears (err, eyes). Yes, the O is an infamous Oakland institution, your first accidental order of large fries is a rite of passage when you're a Pitt student, the regular employees look like they came out of a slasher flick, the setup is questionable, and the place is dingy as all hell.Now, all that out of the way, how's the food? Well, it varies. In general, anything they do in-house or get private label is quite good. To elaborate, their fries are cut fresh, their hot dogs are made exclusively for them, and the hoagies are made to order without frozen ingredients. These are all wonderful. The fries shouldn't be even called fries in a strict sense; they're prepared in the same manner as French or Belgian frites. Due to double frying, the outsides are potato chip crispy, the insides are sublimely creamy, and they're deftly salted. The fact that they're served in absurd portions adds to the experience, as do the lowbrow but delicious options of processed cheese or beef gravy as dips. The hot dogs are natural casing and thus have an unparalleled snap. They lack the mushiness commonly found with lower quality dogs and so eat more like a piece of meat, with excellent spicing to boot. Factor in free chili (among other toppings) and a piece of freshly steamed cheese for $0.50 and you have drunk food bliss or sober great eats. Although I've never tried the subs, I've heard nothing but great things.The rest of the menu is, unfortunately, mostly pre-frozen including the 21 shrimp (which I admit to gorging on while inebriated), chicken parm sandwich, and fish dinners. Not worth the dough you have to shell out. Why you would order pizza here with $5 Sorrento's or $8 Romano within walking distance is beyond me. The beer selection is puzzlingly excellent.
4	The Best Hotdog on the planet! This place is an Icon to the Burgh!
5	insanely good fries, real good hot dogs.  great place to get a late night twelve pack or some 40s.  After Superbowl XL my buddy kept buying 40s and immediately dropping them outside during the revelry.  Never once did he get hassled.
4	Went there after 11pm because no time for dinner in the evening. Original cheese dog, super dog and 15 pieces spicy chicken wings. The Super dog is tasty with bacon. Their wiener (or sausage) is smoked and very tasty. The Chicken Wings are AMAZINGLY TASTY, TENDER AND CRISPY! I was truely shocked by their tasty chicken wings and I promised they are absolutely the top5 chicken wings I have ever tried! You can have hot sauce (tastes like buffalo) on the side but I did not use it. If you really need sauce you can have a try but the sauce is not highly recommended (quite common.)
2	Good drunk food but not good food. The pizza is microwaved at best. the dogs are all most all fat. the only good thing is the fry's. beer selection is OK but you don't know how long some of those beers have been there. and the on tap is a joke.
3	On days when I'm feeling particularly masochistic and want to put a stroke on layaway, I will head down to the "O" and get me some fries and a hot dog.  What makes this place so good is that it's so bad - like a terrible 80's movie that you just feel drawn into.  Speaking of 80's....that's probably the last time this place has had a good scrub down.  Anyway, there are lots and lots of way better places in Oakland to eat, but sometimes you just *have* to do the Original Hot Dog Shop.  Just make sure you wash your hands really, really well after you've touched any surfaces there...
3	I give them kudos for using hotdogs in their natural casings and more natural ingredients so to speak, but as for taste, the shop is a bit overrated for its hype and name. The toppings are nice, the dogs are a bit salty. Everything else is pretty standard as well...milkshakes a bit too sweet for my taste and the fries are ordinary. Worth a try if you're curious to see what all the hype about, but at least for me, will not become one of my regular lunch stops.
4	The O is a cornerstone of Oakland. Almost every Pitt student remembers at least one 3 am visit to the O to share the largest small fry order of the terrestrial planets. The O has plenty of other junk food options such as chicken fingers, hot dogs, burgers, pizza, etc. but the small fry with your choice of condiment or cheese is the way to go if you want t a proper experience here.
1	What a dump. Everything here is over-priced. My girlfriend and I went here on a Thursday night, and ordered 2 subs, a large french fry and a drink. It cost us $30! They literally charge for everything. We asked for a refill on our pop and they wanted another $3. The guy in front of me asked for a slice of cheese on their hamburger and they charged him like a $1.50. Both subs were bland and tasteless. Everyone there was obnoxious, from the staff right down to the clientele. I'm surprised they didn't hit us up for more money when we asked for a to-go bag. Also, get this, after a certain time they tack on another %15 to your bill. Classy. These awesome reviews are perplexing the hell out of me. There must be something about attending college that deactivates your taste buds and sense of how much something should actually cost. In short, you should only dine here if you want over-priced, tasteless slop served to you by rude employees.
3	I have heard about the O since before I moved to Pittsburgh and finally tried it last week.  It was exactly as I expected it would be in terms of menu and "decor".  I was, however, impressed with the wide variety of options available on their menu.  Yes, they had the standard hot dog options, pizzas, subs and hoagies.  What was nice is that each different type of food was ordered and prepared in a separate area, so lines moved quickly.  We stuck with the hot dog section and each had a hot dog, got one order of fries and an order of chicken fingers.  When they tell you a small order of fries serves two, they aren't kidding.  The basket was overflowing with perfectly seasoned fries with just the right amount of crisp.  I have come to the conclusion that I prefer the standard "not sure what is actually in it" hot dog taste to that of the all beef, high quality dogs.  Not a knock against the O, it just made me enjoy my fries and chicken fingers more than the hot dog itself.  I did, however, love the chicken fingers.  Great flavor, moist and just the right amount of breading.  The downside for this Buffalonian is that they do not have blue cheese, so I just dipped them in hot sauce instead.  I had no idea that the O served alcohol, so it was a surprise to see not only a selection of tap beers, but also a cooler that wrapped around the restaurant with everything from Boones Farm to high end microbrews.  I'm glad I went and experienced their "famous" fries and enjoyed my food and experience.  However, I probably won't be back until the next time I am really craving greasy, late night type food.
2	This is not a place to seek out for an amazing dinner but when you are a low cash college student, in need of late night after drinking food, then this is your place. What I  do remember is a greasy ginormous bag of fries, greasy cheap pizza and wings. For those to lazy to dispose of their wing bones in the trash, go ahead and throw them on the floor. (I haven't been here in years so maybe they don't allow this anymore)The O provides many fond drunken memories. It is kind of funny that given its name, I never once ate a hot dog here!
2	I know that this is an institution but it really isn't worth the price. I think if I were drunk at 3:00am though, then I would be writing otherwise.Don't bother unless you're drunk. Go for the hot dog.
2	Stopped in for a dog and a beer on a recent weekend trip to PGH.The "O" is a local institution that's worth checking out once, but that's about it. The hot dogs are the star of the show, and they are nothing special. I'd been before, and as I bit into my dog on this trip, I immediately realized that once was enough.The draw of the "O" is that it's open til 3:30am. So if I'm staying in Oaktown, drunk and hungry after the bars close, I'd stop in for some grub. Other than that, though, I don't see me returning.
4	pizza smells like puke
2	While on a Business trip to Pittsburgh I got to mark off my 4th Hot Dog restaurant that was featured on the PBS "A Hot Dog Show" ( The previous 3 = Skin Thrasher's - Anderson, SC, Pinks, LA,Ca, American Coney Island.). Lets just say that Pinks has nothing to worry about being Dethroned from #1 in my world. I went in on a Wednesday around 11am'ish and there was maybe 5 other people in the place already eating and I was the only one at the ordering counter and  ordered the All Beef wt onion, Chili & cheese and paid -$5.96, and at a separate counter ordered a Small order of fries wt Cheese Sauce on the side paying again -$5.92 for a Total of $11.88. Its a weird set up they have going paying at each counter but I guess there is a method to their madness and whatever works for them.The Hot Dog did have a snap to it as advertised but it was overall just another Hot Dog and nothing special. The French fries did live up to its "as advertized" HUGE portion but over all I wasnt impressed with them considering some of the reviewers here saying they were the "Best they have ever had". The fries didnt even come close to the fries we made getting out of school in the 9th Grade and going over to my neighbors house and making fries in the "Fry Daddy" (Remember THAT sweet appliance?) We use to make them thick Steak House cut, Medium & thin cut and damn we had that shit down!! Now those were the BEST fries I have ever had.So overall I say: Over priced & over rated Nationally. I dont know what the competition is locally in Pittsburgh so I'm not going to shoot anyone down in flames or step on any toes and I'll leave that to what the locals have to say here & as featured on "A Hot Dog Show".
2	Came in to this place on a whim and, well, was rather disappointed.  I like the retro look and vibe of this place (seems like it's still stuck in the 70s)...however, the dog I ordered was overpriced and mostly gross. They look scrumptious sitting on the griddle thingy but when they hit your mouth...whooeee!!! What a letdown. Mine had a rubbery texture and was salty as all get out.  Can't speak for the rest of their food.
3	It's two o' clock in the morning, you're piss drunk and have a huge hankering for some greasy cheap food. Where do you go? The O. It stocks beer, fries, sandwiches, hot dogs, wings, etc. It's a UPitt classic but sorry I don't have a taste for it. I recognize it for what it is. A grease pit. The staff working there is saintly, I couldn't imagine dealing with their customers late at night/early morning. The one thing I do like about the O is their fries. They literally pile a container with fries, dump it in the bag, and then give you a another huge container of fries on top of that. You end up taking a half of a bag of fries home with the paper bag soaked in oil. I wouldn't sit down and eat there because you probably want to dress up the fries with something - by themselves they are a little plain. But hey, they're super cheap and can feed a family of 4.
2	I've been coming here my whole life (23 years). It used to be my favorite place to go.  Nothing better then a chili cheese dog. Over the years it has changed. Its now a over priced fast food place. Lost its character and charm. If I wanted to spend $5 on a hotdog I could go to the pirate game.
2	Parking is tough to get here so I don't get to go much. I also get a little cautious sometimes as they frequently have multiple questionable looking characters.Pro's:- Legendary fries that used to be super huge and gave you great value for your buck- Good burgers- If you drink, it looks like they have a lot of different kinds of alcoholCon's:- Customer Service? Hahaha. Not here. If you can get more than a fart out of one of the twin's working there, you are ahead of the pack.- Dirty, messy tables, crap everywhere.- Many questionable characters here. Someone once asked me if I wanted to buy stolen jewelry off them while I was eating. I'm being totally honest too.- Their french fry portions have gotten smaller. They used to need two baskets for a large fry and now only need one.- Really expensive hot dogs. - They have strict limits on ketchup. No I'm not joking. 2 for large fries, 1 for anything less.I do recommend getting their legendary fries at least once and I do recommend the egg burger, but get it to go and go when it is light out.
4	I'm so sorry Original Hot Dog Shop for ever straying from your fluorescent signs. Yes it is a life threatening ordeal to come here late at night, yes there is a high chance that you will also get mugged, yes it smells weird, yes the food is incredibly greasy BUT the Original Hot Dog Shop is like that one weird Uncle that we all have. He's a little rough around the edges but when the going gets bad he'll give you a giant hug and tell you that it's going to be all right. He's probably the only relative that is up at 3am that you can go to for some solace. I was feeling a little down in the dumps but there it was, the infamous O beckoning me, 4 dollars for half a bag of fries? Yes. Yes please. I'm so sorry O. I rescind my previous 3 star rating. We can all be honest and say that as college students, this is the place to go when times get a little rough.
4	The O. for me is all about the experience. I have been there dozens of times late at night for anything from a hotdog to a corndog to shrimp to the mounds of cheese fries. I literally can spend all night at the place. Being the frugal (Cheap) person I am though, I've always knocked a star off because I feel they are a bit pricey. Still, this is a Pittsburgh institution and one which I do love.
2	I have lived around Pittsburgh born and raised. I had always wanted to try this place but never got around to it. I am now sorry I found the time. Atmosphere was great, history was awesome, service ok, fries stupendous but very costly. Now, my hobby is hot dogs, wieners, etc and the ones here are TERRIBLE & AWFUL. Chili sucked too. And $5 a doggie? I will NEVER go back there, what a joke. I think people just feel going there is the thing to do. Now if you wanna chill and have some fries, excellent choice. If you are a conniseur of hot dogs, the worst choice. At least now I can say I have been there. But never again.
2	Expensive, and bad. Sorry, but the dogs were rubbery and the chili just didn't do it for me. The "Brighton Hot Dog Shoppe" out in the burbs blows this place away!
2	The O does something I hate.  A lot of places do this, but it needs to stop.  The smallest order of fries is more than one person can eat.  They charge you $3.50 for it but you only end of eating $1.50.  The rest goes into the trash, or rather, into the owners pocket since I can't imagine the potatoes and ketchup cost much.The O clearly survives on nostalgia.  They're unlikely to change a damn thing if they've survived in Oakland for so long, but I can't help but wish.Other than the fries (which were excellent, but should only ever be shared), I have little to recommend.
2	Honestly it's just for good drunk food. I'd never eat here if I didn't just come back from the bars, and even then I've dealt with some sketchy people in the past (hence why there's always a police officer in there). Pizza is good, gives copious fries, decent cheese dip for the fries but hot dogs... Terrible!!
1	Too expensive for hotdogs. Not meeting expectation even adding with cheese. Not a place to chat or study. Not considering coming back again, I would rather have burgers or hotdogs at five guys.
4	A Pittsburgh institution...There is no reason to review the food or the ambiance - it's not about that. If you don't know The O, then you're simply missing out. And if you're too much of a foodie to appreciate it, then too bad for you.
5	There's something about a hot dog that can make any person's day better.  Does that sound corny, heck if I care.The O is one of those Pittsburgh things, one part mythical and one part mandatory.  It is one of those places that any and all Pittsburgher should try at least once before moving on.  Believe it or not, this is only my second time trying this place and I've lived and worked in the Burgh for over ten years now.  People are always complaining about how this place has a negative appeal, I just don't see it.  You may have some bad things happen here, but that can happen at any business in any part of the city.The hot dogs them self are amazing.  So many different ways to have them topped.  And, they are cooked fresh right in front of you.  They are first cooked on the griddle and then right before they toss them in the bun to be topped to your liking, they put them on a grill to give them that char mark and a little bit of crispiness.  Biting into one of these masterpieces is close to heaven.  Once you bite through that casing, it's like full flavor in your mouth.  My latest visit I just opted for the boring (yet tasty) ketchup, mustard and onion on my dog.  I'm happy I opted for it this way.  The flavor combination above did not over power the dog.I also got some of their fresh cut fries, a small, not that colossal fry that I knew I'd be eating for three days and they were just as good.  A note to people, they ask if you want salt on them instead of just putting it on there.  So for all those health conscious, low sodium eaters out there, that solves it for you.A few other notes on this place.  They accept credit cards instead of being a cash only establishment.  There is extra seating on other floors.  There is a walk up window for the warmer months.  Limited bar experience here as well.  Six packs to go.Enjoy your dog here, or take it to go.  It is truly a one of a kind Pittsburgh experience.
3	My boyfriend and I went to the O for a Saturday lunch. It was fairly busy and the thing that stood out the most was how miserable each employee was. I witnessed employees talking rudely to each other and customers, eye rolls included. To me, the ambiance of a place is just as important as the food. I don't see the charm in rushing your customers to order. There is a counter to order hot dogs and then a separate counter for sandwiches and fries, so it's hard to time your food if you're getting different things. My boyfriend's hot dog was ready at least 8-10 minutes before my burger and fries. He said it was one of the best hot dogs he's ever had, while I was not nearly as impressed with my burger. Overpriced and overcooked beef with an overcooked egg was very disappointing. The best part of the meal was the fries, they were delicious!!! Although the sign about being charged for any extra ketchup requested just added to the unfriendly vibe of the place. I'd try it again late night when nothing better is open.
3	I can't really count on one hand the number of times that Bobby & I decided to just head to The O for fries for dinner. (yes, just fries; well plus cheese & gravy). You'd think that this rating would be higher, but ah I just cant seem to do it.I will say though, that you should try the fries atleast once. Any time a friend from out of town heads to my place in Oakland, we usually head to The O. (normally it's their choice) So yes, the fries are great, but it kind of stops there. The other pros are the numerous bottles of beer, the retro atmosphere & the hours.The one thing that bothers me is the crappy attitudes from the employees. Yes, the team that's working is normally semi-friendly, but there is ALWAYS that bad apple that is just so darn rude & hates her life + the world! ahh i can't handle it! Especially I'm handing over a $20+ just for the basics.  For example, we headed here this weekend with a 3 year old. My sister ordered her an all-beef hot dog with chili+cheese..... $6 (!!) for a flipping chili cheese hot dog!! Insane. & it's not like it's the best tasting hot dog or this giant, plump thing.. & the chili is completely tasteless My sister & Bobby split a sub and all 4 of us split a giant wad of fries.. Everyone kept asking why I wasn't getting any food and the answer is: I only come to The O for the fries. Oh,the creepy, smelly bathrooms also make em lose a star. Come for the fries and the experience, but don't set your expectations too high.
3	I'm a hotdog guy... The ambiance was fitting for the experience. I thought the hotdog was very good... I had the superdog (hotdog, bacon, & cheese) the bacon got in the way of the beef hotdog BUT I finished it ALL none the less... What I LovED was the fries!!! Massive amount of fries! I had a party of 3 so I got the medium... It was WAY more Han we could eat! The cheese with the fries made it superb!I will go back next time in Pittsburg!
2	Disappointing!  This place came highly recommended and I was left well short of my expectations.  I went there on a Saturday afternoon and there were a few other people in the restaurant although I imagine they get a decent carry out business since it's kind of small and only has a few tables.  I ordered the original hot dog, fries and a soda and after a couple of minutes, the food was ready.  The hot dog was wrinkly and overcooked and the some of the fries were burnt and way too crisp.  They do give you a decent amount of fries but I tend not to like places that burn their fries.  They also don't offer free refills although the manager did let a pregnant worman have a refill on the house which was a nice gesture (she was getting her refill while we were in line).  I just don't understand the theory of making people pay for refills; fountain drinks are so cheap and refills make everyone happy.  I was actually shocked that a place like this doesn't offer free refills.  The woman behind the counter was friendly enough although I really don't care about the service in a hot dog stand.  I was told that this place was the second best hot dog restaurant behind Nathan's.  I find that hard to believe and if it's true, the distance between one and two is miles and miles.  I left feeling gipped and unsatisfied.
2	I love myself a hotdog every now and then. Coming from Chicago I heard of this place when I moved here and there great hotdogs.  I am just not a fan, the hotdog was nothing great and it was even on the lukewarm side. I'll have to find another place to fill my hotdog cravings.
4	Great Hot Dog joint in the Pitt University section of Pittsburgh. The hot dogs here have that old fashion taste, and the fries are amazing! It's cool to see an old joint like this still operating, and keeping the original character it's always had. A great place to stop and grab a chili cheese dog while in the area. A must stop while in Pittsburgh.
5	This is the best greasy spoon for me. Every time I travel back home to the burgh I have to get my O fries. Get the large and some cheese. Friendliness of the staff could be better but who cares. This place is all about the French Fries.
4	I'm a fan. I've only had good times happen in The O. It was the first stop when visiting Pittsburgh for schools with my father who was an alum (both of The O and the school). I most recently tried the cheesesteak (needs more cheese), chili cheese dog (needed more chili), fries, and beer. The O is open late and never let's me down when I'm out and needing something at 1am. The fries are awesome, needless to say, given the previous reviews. I'm a ketchup kinda gal. So that's all I need. But to each his own, and while everyone I've been with loves the fries, it's interesting to see the different sauces people douse them with. My German exchange friend did mayonnaise while my roommate did Dijon mustard. Honorable mention to gravy.This is college late night food at it's finest. If you're going to school in Pittsburgh, going to The O is a rite of passage.
4	Delicious fries. Reminds me of college when I used to get a greasy bag of fries to go with a side of ranch dressing. I haven't been back since college even though I still live in Pittsburgh, but I still think about those fries!
3	I've been here once to eat (over a year ago) and two weeks ago to pick up a six pack of Mike's.  I would have never thought to come here for a six pack, but needing to get one for a party and having read that many beer distributors don't sell them (gah, PA liquor laws), I asked my labmate where I could pick one up, and she suggested the O.  Of course, I forgot the cash only policy (under $10 orders), so I had to run around to find a functional ATM (the one on Forbes was out of service).  Normally, this wouldn't be a problem for me, since I usually carry some cash, but having just returned from a trip, I was fresh out.  Ten minutes of running around later, I was able to purchase my Mike's and be on my way.When I ate in, I came here for dinner with a couple of friends on a Fri. night around 6:30.  One of my friends suggested it, since he'd heard that CNN rated their french fries as some of the best in the country.  We ordered a medium order of fries, and there were plenty enough for all three of us to share with no problem.  Although I don't know if I'd concur with CNN's verdict, they were definitely some of the best thin-cut fries I've had in PGH, speaking as someone who doesn't usually care much for thin-cut fries (for thick-cut fries, I recommend the Pub Chip Shop).  We also ordered the cheese sauce and the gravy dips to go with the fries (note: they charged for all of them), and although the cheese sauce went with them well (it's your typical Velveeta-type cheese fry dip), I was underwhelmed by the gravy, which I found salty and greasy.  In addition to the fries, I ordered a chicken gyro, which was dry and flavorless, and a chocolate milkshake, which was thick and delicious.  I can't comment on the hot dogs, since I don't eat beef, so I'll have to defer to other reviewers for that.  If I come back, I think I'll just get the fries and the milkshake, and maybe try dipping the fries in the milkshake, Frosty-style.The atmosphere is grungy, so don't expect it to be the cleanest place you've ever eaten.   Service was curt when I ordered dinner, but was okay more recently.  Although I haven't been here late at night, I understand that they charge a premium for the food at that hour to subsidize the rent-a-cop that they keep on hand to avoid brawling between drunk customers.  It's worth trying once, but I don't know that I'll be back unless I have a craving for fries or am looking for late night eats.
3	Great food if you are intoxicated and brave enough to venture in after dark. The food here is greasy but satisfying. If you have heart disease or a short temper I advise you to stay away. The O's staff is generally unfriendly. The location is right below Pitt's towers where you hope a drunk girl doesn't vomit on you. I'm surprised the hours! After 2 a.m. and the students have all stumbled back in to their dorms is when the trouble starts with the city folks. Go with a friend and enjoy a Pitt Classic !
1	Went here a few weeks ago, not knowing anything about it my boyfriend and I just simply walked in when we seen it on the corner of forbes. The place being clean? ehhh not to my liking and the staff didn't loo "well kept" either if any of this matters to you, they don't greet you as you come in nor did anyone have a smile on their face. Actually the guy behind the counter who was taking my order had a horrible attitude! Guess it just wasn't his day, anyhow I started to order the chicken sandwich meal. I asked politely if it was fried or grilled and with an attitude he said fried. I think he was mad that we walked in there and didn't know what we wanted BUT WE HAD NEVER BEEN THERE BEFORE! (back to the chicken sandwich) so I say okay gimme the chicken sandwich meal ( came with fries and a drink). The employee guy opens this freezer thing and pulls out a plastic bag with a single frozen breaded chicken patty inside and throws it in the fryer! wtf?! Of course Instantly said never mind I don't want anything he raises the patty out the fryer rolls his eyes stares at me. We just left after that. So in closing if you like 50% clean, mean staff, frozen not fresh food items this is your place! BTW he had some of those "famous" hot dogs on a grill.....yea burnt and famous alright! hope this review helps :)
4	A flat-out dive, the Original has been on something like a dozen Travel Channel/Discovery/PBS/Food Network shows because it does two things very, very well: Hot dogs and french fries. Sure, there's pizza and subs and such but why would you chose those over the superb dogs and taters. The fries are legendary: tasty as hell and absolutely huge servings. Amazingly large. Shit-ton large. Order a small unless you're sharing. Period.The dogs are really good, with a great variety of toppings and other variations. Just great.So, if I like it so much why the missing star? One word: dirt. It's known as "The Dirty O" and that's a well-earned name. There's a decades old patina of cooking grease on everything, and while I don't have a problem with it, chances are someone in your party will and will make an issue of it. But if you can get past that (and keep your food on your tray) it's a five-star place.
5	YESSSS the Dirty O! Yes, the floors are sticky and the bathrooms are nightmarish. Yes, the people are surly. But who cares! You really won't find better fries anywhere. When you walk in, walk immediately past the hot dog counter (they're okay but not important) back to the fry counter. If you are with 3 or fewer people, get a small--it'll be more than enough. I'd come in with a group of seven and get a medium ("serves 3-4") and it was always MORE than enough. Purists will claim you don't need anything but salt on the fries, but I always liked that ersatz cheese sauce. It lent just a touch of class to the whole experience. It's basically the same thing as a Mornay, yo!And the fries? Hot, crispy, fluffy on the inside, glistening with oil that burns your tongue when you put it in your mouth. The oil probably hasn't been changed since 1974, but that's part of the charm. Anyone who's anyone knows these fries are where it's at. Forget Five Guys, screw Point Brugge--this is the true Pittsburgh potato-based food experience.DO NOT GET THE PIZZA WHATEVER YOU DO. I DON'T CARE HOW DRUNK YOU ARE. You always hear stories of various heinous crimes happening here late at night, but I've never known anyone who's ever had anything happen to them personally--it's always something that happened to a guy a friend of a friend's cousin knows, or you read about them happening at some ungodly hour of the night in the Post-Gazette. Don't let that scare you off! This is a Pittsburgh institution and for good reason.Oh, also I saw Dan Marino here one time and didn't recognize him and everyone made fun of me. The end.
4	Growing up in Pittsburgh, I heard a lot about The O but never went in due to the bad rep it got from some violent late-nite incidents that happened there. Walked in on a sunny, safe day (& noticing the black-globe security cams), I got a large to-go order of fries & man, the bag weighed a ton. I felt like I won the lotto walking out with that bag & got a lot of knowing 'Mmmm, theee Oooooh' looks from people on the street who saw me cradling that hot oily bag like a big healthy baby in my arms. Could not wait till I got home so I sat on a bench & had my 1st taste & It Lived Up To Its Hype. Crisp warm golden mealy deliciousness with just enough oil & salt to keep you finger-lickin' happy. Fries came w/ 2 small ketchup bins (free) & 1 small cheese bin ($1.84). Was disappointed with the condiments especially the cheese...$1.84 for a small bin of Cheez-Wiz when you've given me all these fries?!?! (I've always wondered how they make a profit giving you so much food, now I know it's made from the cheese.) Does not compute, but I made do with what I had & the fries lasted 2 days & even tasted better cold. I eat a lot of Los (LocalOrganicSustainable) Hipster food & I'll take The Dirty O over those ironic pretentious twats with great stylists-publicists-social media strategists any day of the week. Needless to say, I will be back.The O is everything great about Pittsburgh. Don't overthink it, just do it: Go to The O, consume mass quantities, & fall in love with Pittsburgh again for the very first time.
4	I love this place! Went for a hot dog, ordered a pizza & can say I think it is one of the best in the burgh. Great beer to go selection. Was happy to see this place still serving up a decent hot dog after 25+ years!
4	Why would anyone want to go to a place like this? Everywhere you look is pure terribleness.The place itself is sooo 30 years ago and has more awful wood veneer than the veneer room in an '80s Chrysler minivan factory.The menu is ridiculously confusing and most (not all) of the workers are unattractive and unfriendly and simply don't care and don't care to help you.And the food is sooo unhealthy! After ordering a hotdog and a small fry, one of the workers was like "Anti-diet food right there," he said.Oh, and the bathrooms aren't much bigger than the large fries!! If you actually manage to find them and survive the climb down the veneer lined, near 90 degree angle stairs. So why the 4 stars? Because the food truly is good and they came up with a winning idea many years ago and they're simply leaving good enough alone.
4	As a college student, the O is definitely an experience. Whether it's a late study night or a drunk food their french fries are a must! They're open late everyday and bad for you but that's what makes it so great!
1	TERRIBLE. We went here on a Saturday after a concert and it was a terrible experience. We first walked in and were greeted rudely by a cook that looked like he hadn't showered for days. He was very rude. I ordered 3 hot dogs and a medium fry and it was over 17 dollars. They have the nerve to charge a gratuity since it was saturday night. Why should you pay a gratuity for walk up counter service and rude service at that. The hot dogs were terrible and the straw that broke the camels back.... the restroom. I have been in porta johns that smelled better. It was so smelly and dirty, I wanted to take a shower in clorox. NEVER AGAIN O
5	BEST HOT DOG SHOP IN THE BURGH! I took my boyfriend (born and raised in Las Vegas) here right off the plane. Needless to say, HE LOVED IT! Very clean and welcoming. Loved the philly cheese steak advertised out front
3	First, the hot dogs here are quite good. The fries are greasy, but taste okay. The cleanliness leaves something to be desired. It's understandable for a hot dog place to be casual, but there seems to be some compromises going on in terms of having clean aprons, cook tops, etc. the sloppiness is somewhat unappetizing. But again, if this doesn't bother you, this place will satisfy your grease craving.
4	Sure, there are questionable crowds of people at any time of day and the floors are greasy, but all that sure doesn't matter after you've had their wing dings, fries, and the chicken parm sandwich.This place contributed to my Freshman 15, and it's probably a godsend it's not on CMU campus anymore.
4	My friend dragged me outside for some fresh air and took me here since I've never been. I can't speak for the restrooms or questionable crowds though I can speak for the fries and hot dog. We didn't run into too many people here and we ended up eating upstairs. The hot dog was great and the fries were really, really good. The man who took our order was easy going and quick. Of course you're not getting a healthy meal when you come here, but it's all part of the experience. I enjoyed mine and I'd go back to take a fellow out-of-towner for a heart attack.
4	If I'm in the mood for a good hot dog and fries, this is probably going to be my go to spot. I'm still new to Pittsburgh, and this place was recommended to me by a friend. The whole process of where to order what was kind of confusing...we had to order and pay for our hot dogs at one counter, and fries and a drink at another. The place also could have stood a good sweeping and mopping for only being 11am. Anyway, the small fries we got were humungous, the hot dog was big, and everything was tasty!
2	Was part of the closing crew at burger king when 14 years old, still remember the tile floors in the back, shiny as mirrors from the grease. There are rubber mats to ensure footing. You'd feel like a slime ball when you left, 2am. That's how you feel 2 steps into the O. And for god's sake order to go, can't recount how many wild characters I've seen gathered here once the sun goes down. Employees remind of the albino from Princess Bride. Have seen people not get their food AND get turned away a la Soup Nazi.Get the smallest fry order, they're just too large and oily to tackle otherwise. The pizza's on point for salty and cheap NYC drunk March-Madness pizza. We used to eat 5 slices during the 12:40p tip game on First Friday and return after our brackets were busted by the 6-7p dead hour. The pizza's center slop is the best part, lovingly referred to as "the fetus". And you can pound a large on your own.So here's the drill:1) Drink a few beers to prep2) Call in 1x large cheese pie per person, to go3) Slam another beer to buzz-maintain4) Pick it up once you're rocking that 2.5 buzz5) Arrive EXACTLY as the pizza is due6) Hope for an uneventful 5 minutes7) Pink Floyds "Run Like Hell"Parking can be a snag on crowded college nights so bring two friends--one to circle the block and one to watch your back.
4	I came here countless years ago and to this day this place has still had a big impression on me! Well I cannot recall how big the restaurant is or the cleanliness... I remember we got a pizza with large fries. The pizza was pizza, nothing over the top but greasy and was savory on the taste buds like pizza normally is... BUT THE FRIES WERE AMAZING! If you are like me you enjoy quality but also appreciate quantity. I have never seen a single order of fries this large anywhere! And by God it was deliciously greasy and good! Again it's been a long time and I don't eat that type of food much anymore but I think one day soon I will return and enjoy this gem of a restaurant once again! Get the fries bro... Just get the fries
