5	Simply Awesome!  I've used these guys 3 times now in the past couple of months are remain very satisfied.Friendly, efficient office staff and the techs they have sent out have also been very professional and skilled.
2	Way over priced.  They replaced the valve below my toilet, the float in the tank and the small water line going from the toilet to the new valve.  It took them less than 30 minutes and my bill was just over $400.  I priced all the parts at a plumbing shop and it came out to $35,  and thats my retail price!!  They also charged me $69 just to show up at my house.  The plumber was knowledgeable I will give them that and if you really want to use these guys try and get a quote over the phone first.
1	They were very friendly on the phone but once they came out they didn't fix the problem. Sink was clogged and they snaked the lines but it cost $380 including the service fee and we had to call another plumber out 2 weeks later. Skip this company and go for a smaller family owned option. This company also doesn't offer a service guarantee.
1	This is first time I try to use their  service.  Base on the review, I think they should be good.  We call for service for my water heater.  They are way overcharged.  I frankly told them that I have to compare the service.  They charged me 60.00 knowing they will not get the job.  Pretty sneaky company.   60 dollars just to tell me how much it cost me to get the installation done.  Pretty easy money, huh?!  I bet they don't make business by doing good job but piling up the profit by going out to make 60.00 for half hour.  Take my advise,  avoid them.  I found a good plumber after all and I believe you will.
1	VERY EXPENSIVE compared to an estimate by another licensed plumber i got after the fact..Benjamin Franklin  plumbing gave me  a dollar amount  OF $2120.90 to do two phases of plumbing in my house. they only did the first part and didn't do  the second half and  they charged me $2120.90  the full amount.  They did refund me  $300 for not doing the second half ,  WHICH WAS AN ADMISSION THAT THEY WERE WRONG IN CHARGING ME THE FULL AMOUNT FOR ONLY DOING HALF THE WORK THEY AGREED TO DO.  THEY STILL OWE ME  $450 FOR THE SECOND HALF OF THE WORK THAT THEY DID NOT DO.  Benjamin Franklin  WILL NOT PAY ME THE  $450 OWED TO ME. Benjamin Franklin plumbing at 355 E Warner #4 CHANDLER, AZ 85225  will never be in my house again and i hope you make a better choice in choosing a plumber than i did..the partial work and uncompleted work on my house was  in the house i own in Tempe,AZ..
5	I had to get some pluming done this past week and Benjamin Franklin Plumbing did a GREAT JOB! They were on time, which was great because i had no time for just waiting around. Their tech was very professional and he fixed us up in no time! Will be using again!
5	I called them after a horrible experience with AHS and Grace Plumbing. Junior, the technician, arrived on time. He replaced my hot water heater and helped my with my water softener. This was after Grace wanted to charge me $3000 for drywall and mold remediation due to a leaky hot water heater that Junior replaced in 2 hours.He even sprayed mold preventer just in case. Great job, professional, knowledgeable, and honest.
1	0 stars.. The worst, just found out they lied about sprinklers in house being unusable, they cut off both swamp coolers and sprinklers saying they didn't work which is actually Benjamin Franklin which broke them. Now I'm paying tons of money to fix the mess the Benjamin Franklin made, simply to get my water turned on. Swamp cooler needed over $500 in repair because they cut off the water line to it and the garage swamp coolers now broken as well for the same reason.Was told the three waterlines that he cut when reconnecting the water to the house did nothing but in reality it was to the two swamp coolers and the sprinklers.When I finally got the lines reconnected that BF cut, the sprinklers worked fine. I would say this is the worst experience I've ever had with a company.On top of this they were incredibly rude and awful. Thought they were one of the worst companies I've ever dealt with before but now that I found out that he screwed over my entire house as well as being incredibly rude and slow and overpriced, i'm in utter shock that any company could be so terrible.This has already cost several hundred and is going cost me thousands of dollars to repair the damage that this company has done to my house.
2	I'm on the phone with Linda right now, I called them just in case to let them know the situation after I got the news from the other plumber. and she says that she's doing everything she can make the situation right. I will keep this updated.
5	Had them out to replace a water heater as well as install a new soft water system.  Ben came out to do the bid, he was prompt and professional.  He also suggested I replace my front water spigot as it was leaky.  I ended up hiring them a few days later and they did the work that next week.  The piping and welding looks clean and it was very easy on my part.  Its been about 2 months since its been completed and we've had no issues.They are coming back at the 6 month point to drain the water heater which I like so I don't need to think about it.
5	Great customer service. Jr was on time and got the job done properly. Super polite and respectful.
5	Roots clogging drain. Removed tub to get to drain. Work done very efficiently by Junior. I always ask for Junior because he cares about his work and his clients.
5	Jr came out to help us with a mysterious leak behind one of the walls of our bathroom. Not only was he able to determine the problem, he was very patient in his explanation and gave us some additional pointers.
5	I have used the company on three different occasions. I have always been impressed with their professionalism. I have had contact with Jr. and Nick for the plumbing work and  Carey and Paige for scheduling. Thank-you for your prompt service! I live in another state but have a condo in Chandler, AZ that they have serviced.
1	Good luck getting an upfront price or even a ballpark quote from these guys for any kind of work you need done.  I can see some other unhappy Yelp users who had to find out the hard way (after paying $69 service fee), that the prices they quote are astronomical once they come out in person.  You can easily find other fully licensed plumbers with A+ BBB ratings (without a ton of resolved complaints) for half the price.FYI it looks like there are a lot of fake positive reviews here.  Can spot them a mile away..
