5	My husband and I have always been complaining that there are no good places to walk/ride a bike, or even drive to near our house in Crafton.  Especially coffee shops.  We pride ourselves on finding the best espresso, and are always comparing different places in the city.  We found out about a coffee shop that opened in Carnegie and had to give it a chance, even though we were in the frame of mind, that it wouldn't be that great.  I mean, it is carnegie, and we have been holding out hope for great businesses to open there, we have been let down thus far.  When we arrived at the old Post Office (there location) we were blow away by the amount of wrok they put into the place.  It was gorgeous, spacious, and clean.  Very modern and bright looking, with an upstairs that begs for a wine bar, or event space.  O.K we thought, let's see what the beans are about.  They boast Illy brand, and their espresso was right where it needed to be to keep us coming back for more.  We are already planning our next Saturday's weekly bike ride.  We finally got what we wanted, a perfect spot to bring in the locals.  I truly hope everyone supports this place, and we can continue to build Main Street up to what it should be (a mini Lawrenceville would be nice)  It looks like it is on it's way!   Great job Carnegie Coffee.  Keep it up, and we will see you soon!
3	Happy to have a local coffee shop in my neighborhood. It won't become my go to destination for top notch coffee in pittsburgh as there are other local shops that serves a better product (coffee roaster wise) but I will definitely support them. I'm glad they offer local baked goods and lunch items, with that said, I'm surprised they use illy coffee which is far from being local or even remotely a decent coffee roaster. I wish they would use a local coffee roaster ie; commonplace, 19 coffee,  or even perhaps aldo coffee co. There are far better choices close to home that focuses on more sustainable, in season, coffees. I enjoyed the minimalist decor and found it to be inviting and friendly. What a great idea to pair with the medicine shoppe, it'll be good for business as they both can thrive off each other and I'm sure reduce overheads. Smart. They have potential as they improve their barista skills with time and practice and maybe hopefully change their coffee roaster.
5	This place is great! The coffee is delicious and the staff are super friendly! Had some fresh fruit, egg sandwich and a salted caramel latte. The best. Can't wait to come back.
4	Good coffee and coffee drinks.  I have also had bagel and delicious salted caramel biscotti.  I doubt they make their own snacks but wherever they come from they are good.   The old post office building is worth popping into just to look around, well done.
5	This is a great local coffee shop!! The environment is bright and inviting with huge windows and shelves full of books. Each time I have ordered an espresso drink, the barista  has created a beautiful design in my foam- this makes the drink so much more enjoyable :) The breakfast sandwiches are also delightful and are made fresh as you wait!
4	I was thrilled to learn that there was a coffee shop opening up in my hometown of Carnegie. I'm a local student and have my favorite coffee shops on and around campus, but I've never been able to find a good study locale when I'm back in town to visit my parents for a long weekend. Carnegie Coffee Company is everything I was looking for. Right when I walked in, the staff greeted me and was very friendly as I reminisced about the old post office (which is what this particular locale was when I was growing up!). In that regard, they have repurposed a number of details from the old post office, which I thought was a lovely touch. I spent a Sunday morning/early afternoon here, and the ambiance was relaxing and quiet, despite the steady flow of patrons coming in and out for their Sunday morning coffee and newspapers.As for the food/beverages, Carnegie Coffee Co. serves Illy products, which I've had the fortune to try at the original Dozen Bake Shop in Squirrel Hill (RIP) as well as outside of Pittsburgh. I treated myself to a white mocha, which had just enough sweetness to keep me from attacking the doughnuts, which they bring in daily from local favorite Big Daddy Donuts in Crafton. I did splurge on some soup for lunch, which was tomato arugula on the day of my visit. Served with a baguette and butter (!), the soup was flavorful and warm with an ever so slight chunk factor that gave the soup good texture. It definitely hit the spot on a somewhat dreary summer Sunday mid-morning.Final verdict: I will be back to Carnegie Coffee Company whenever I need to get some studying done to the tunes of a warm cup of coffee and just a hint of childhood nostalgia for this Carnegie girl.
4	Such a cute coffee shop.  Located in the old post office, it splits its space with the Medicine Shoppe, though the coffee shop has more room.  There are tables, counters along the windows, benches against one wall, a siting area with books, and another private-er sitting area.  That's just on the main floor.  There's also a loft where you can reserve rooms for meetings and where they host yoga sessions on the first and third Sunday of the month.  The barista told me there was an art opening there, which I'm assuming will be a regular happening as well.Now, the barista.  He was fantastic.  Mark, I believe is his name, was very helpful.  I told him it was my first time there and I'm not picky, though I usually go for plain coffee.  He suggested adding salted caramel syrup to the dark roast; he did not let me down.  It was fragrant, flavorful, and satisfied my afternoon sweet attack without being "too much."  He also told me the history of the building, gave me menus and cards to take home, and then came over to my table to offer more info after I sat down.  Very personable and A+ service from him.The manager, though, left a lot to be desired.  He walked around with his phone glued to his hands (and practically his nose) and didn't seem to be doing much of anything but text/play games.  He walked by someone standing at the counter waiting for service and I didn't even hear a greeting, even though I was fairly close to them.  Thankfully, Mark was a step behind him - no doubt used to that!Next time I'd like to try some delicious-looking pastries or a sandwich that they make fresh while you wait - there's a huge menu of bistro-style offerings.  I'm dying to try the grilled PB&J.  I believe they also have salads and soups and grab-and-go options if you are unable to wait.If I lived closer, this would be a contender for "my new spot."   It was a little drafty, though, and the manager was very off-putting.  The coffee and other workers made up for that, though.
4	This place. Just adorable. I cannot explain how much adorableness oozes out of here, you just need to go, and ASAP! From the large airy open feel, to the blue and white accents to the large bookcase in the corner and the loft upstairs, there's tons of nooks and crannies to hide yourself away in. Not to mention plenty of plugs for those of us working the day away. Not only do they take their espresso seriously, but they have tea choices (for this tea lovin' gal) and thankfully, some lunch options. And serious lunch options. Like a PB & J panini or the veggie panini that I enjoyed. So I urge you to make a special stop one afternoon and enjoy the day here, it's really hard not to!
4	I had wanted to give Carnegie Coffee Company a try, so when the typical (yet unexplained) traffic backup on 376 West (Inbound) got close to a standstill one afternoon, the wife and I decided to jump off the beaten path, grab a joe and take our time.I had tried to visit CCC a few times before, but their relative early closing times (7pm) and remote distance from downtown typically prevented me from doing so.    Finally entering the place, it shares a really unique space with a pharmacy store in what seems to be an old post office.  The coffee bar itself is relatively simple, with multiple great seating areas throughout the building (upstairs, behind the bar, to the side of the bar, etc.).  I really enjoyed sitting back behind the bar in the "library" and looking through the ton of books they have available to read.Relative to coffee, they use Illy branded beans and products.  I got a cup of their house medium drip (they keep a dark on as well) and was pleasantly surprised by the natural sweetness of the brew.  My wife's "Harry Potter" (white chocolate, caramel and nougat I believe) latte, while way to sweet for me, was perfect for her.I doubt I'll ever make a trip specifically for this coffee shop, but anytime I'm in the area I'll definitely take advantage of it!
5	This place is beautiful and has amazing coffee.  If you have to be inside on a beautiful day, it's perfect.  Amazing coffee, too.  Creative mixes and elegant flavors.
5	I loveeee this space.  And the coffee is excellent!Carnegie Coffee Company is the only place in Pittsburgh that serves illy coffee and the baristas are all very passionate about their skill!  Usually I'm a straight black coffee type, but visiting Carnegie Coffee Company and talking to the baristas makes me wants to branch out and try everything!They also carry a wide range of sandwiches, tapa-style snacks, and other yummy sweets!  (A lot of which are locally sourced.)And back to the decor.  It's so beautiful!  Lots of windows and high ceilings.  It's very clean and calming.  They've got plenty of tables near the front and then sofas, armchairs and benches scattered throughout.  It's totally what I would want my own house to look like!  I would definitely come back to hang out, do work, or host an event!  (Which, they said they do rent out the space as a venue and will soon be able to cater events there as well!)
5	This is a must stop if you are near or visiting Carnegie. Located right on the main street in the old post office what a great space.  The owner modeled the shop after European coffee shops and it has a great open feel.  Lots of spaces to sit and relax and free WIFI. The baristas are so nice and helpful. I ordered an iced green mint tea.  They serve pastries and breakfast sandwiches in the morning as well as donuts from a local company, Big Daddy Donut.  For lunch they have sandwiches.  They are BYOB and starting to offer small plates.  They try to use many local ingredients. I tried an appetizer served on French bread with strawberries and honey butter which was delicious. The honey butter was locally made. You can also rent out the space for a bridal or baby shower, work event, birthday party etc.
2	They didn't know what I meant when I asked if they did "pour-over" cups of coffee. Then I said, "single-pour," and still a blank stare. And the other guy working the espresso machine didn't know. And explaining a "single cup of coffee, made individually," didn't help. So, maybe there's a more proper name for it, but I settled for a vacuum carafe-dispensed cup of drip. It was okay. Hot enough. The panini was just okay, too. Feels like the place is someone's hobby, rather than a serious coffee shop.
4	As a regular who stops in at least three times a week.I love the food, I love the drinks, I love the atmosphere, I love the staff.  What more is there to say?
5	This is my favorite coffee shop in Pittsburgh (with the possible exception Lili Coffee Shop in Polish Hill). Definitely the best space to work or have a meeting.The interior is fresh and modern. Transports you away from drab, post-industrial Carnegie. The food is also shockingly good for the price.The main negative, however, is that employees sometimes play loud awful music that is totally unfitting for a coffee shop environment. Today, it's WDVE with lots of loud, annoying skits and commercials. Seriously, get a Pandora station or Spotify or something. And less hair metal. Thanks.Wish it was open later too. I drive far to work here because I like it so much.
4	Happy to see this place continues to improve! When they first opened, I was really excited to have a coffee shop in Carnegie, and loved the bright/open feel of the place... but the wait times were always terrible, and I often had to leave without ordering to avoid being late to work. The past few times, this hasn't been a problem at all, although I definitely enjoy coming here with friends to sit and catch up instead of getting anything to go. I'm a bit of a coffee snob so I wish they had more variety in their regular coffee selection, but my usual latte or americano is always good. Pastries are great but I've never tried their other food offerings.
5	Why is this place so fantastic?I don't even know. What a great addition to the scene.I am from Pittsburgh but now live in NYC and the bagel I had here this morning could rival a NYC bagel.Support your local businesses, folks. This place is TOP NOTCH!!!!!!!!!
5	Carnegie Coffee is such an awesome addition to the town! From what I understand, it used to be a post office and the architecture is outstanding. They have a wonderful selection of teas, coffees, baked goods, and a refrigerated case with sandwiches and sides. The best part of the coffee shop is the atmosphere, with the high ceilings, sleek & comfortable furnishings and welcoming charm. I've been many times and have always had a great experience!
5	LOVE this place. I started working in the area and found this coffee shop. They have great coffee, awesome lunch menu (the soups are so good) and great customer service.
4	Charming coffee shop with great food and coffee, this place is wonderful.  The building used to be a post office, so you can still see some of the old postal boxes.  There are lots of windows to let the sunshine in.  There are 2 floors with lots of different choices for sitting and talking.  The staff is very friendly.  I did find the music a little too loud, which is not conducive to conversations, but this was the only negative.
5	I discovered a little gem. Maybe not little as the space is huge and beautifully set up. Coffee is Illy brand and that speaks for itself. Music is very quiet, you come there to read a book, work, or just stop by to say hi to the nice barista. My new fav coffee place!
5	Adorable, hip coffee shop.  I've heard good things about this place so a friend and I met for breakfast on a Sunday morning.  We both got breakfast sandwiches that were better than the traditional sandwiches you get at other coffee shops.  I had the western omelette on an everything bagel and my friend got the Florentine omelette on a croissant. My vanilla latte was the right amount of sweetness and the design with the foam on the top was adorable.  They have little nooks and crannies with chairs and books scattered throughout where you can hang out and the order counter still has the original post office boxes.  Carnegie is becoming such a chic, cool place to be and I will definitely be back to visit this place.
3	I was hoping to try out some local coffee in the new Bodum Vacuum coffee maker that I got for Christmas. Wasn't too excited to find that they had only Illy coffee. Got Sausage breakfast sandwich which wasn't extraordinary. The everything bagel didn't remind us of New York. The baristas were friendly and cheerful and the environment of the coffee shop inside an old coffee shop is unique, although it's not unthinkable in today's hipster coffee generation. The big windows let plenty of light in and give a nice view of downtown Carnegie with its mix of old and new.Briefly put, nice ambience but slightly lacking in coffee and food.
