1	I was in the area this past Saturday and came across this place when looking for somewhere to eat. When we walked in we were not greeted at all. As we were trying to look at the menu and decide what to get, the girl behind the counter (asian) asked us very rudely what we wanted. We decided and got a Margherita pizza and the tomato salad. We were not asked if we wanted a drink or if it was to eat in or to take out like she did the gentleman before us. But gave me the total before I could even finish ordering. We decided to walk around outside and wait for our pizza. When we came back, she saw us and shoved the box and salad at me. When I told her we were going to eat in, she rolled her eyes and asked if we needed plates. I said yes and reminded her about the extra dressing I had ordered for the salad which she had forgotten to add. We sat down to eat our lunch and I can honestly say neither of us were at ALL impressed with the food. The pizza itself was very bland and the sauce had no flavor at all. The mozzarella cheese was shredded and had no flavor, as if it had been frozen before being placed on our pizza. We each at a slice because we were hungry and had not eaten all day. I do NOT recommend this place at ALL. The food and the service need to be spruced up.
4	I finally made it into Momenti last weekend.  The restaurant is located in a small narrow spot blended into Zoyo's next door with only a small number of tables.  The restaurant has its mission (statement) in chalk on the wall when you enter - unique.  It also has a series of photos from area the Shea/PV neighborhood - unique. The atmosphere is modern and matches the neighborhood.When I placed my order, only one person was working the cash register, pizza oven and cleaning tables.  It was chaotic, but understood since it was around 4:00 p.m. and the dinner crew had not started.  I had ordered a margherita pizza, cheese pizza and salad.  The salad came out first, followed by the cheese pizza.  I waited for my margherita pizza.  The sole worker in the restaurant forgot about it and the pizza was partially burnt.  He gave me the pizza, apologized and cooked me a replacement pizza at no cost.  Both pizzas were good, albeit the first one had some burnt areas that needed to be discarded.After 30 minutes another two employees came into the restaurant and the flow of traffic and cleanup improved.I have lived in the neighborhood for about 12 years.  I must say that I am happy to have Momenti down the street.  The pizza and salad is reasonably priced at under ten dollars.  In addition, I enjoy Zoyo's that is next store without a wall in between.I would say that the restaurant needs some braking in.  However, the pizza is good and the ambiance is even better.  Once the flow of business is improved, you have a winner.
5	This pizza is awesome!!  My daughter loves to get a pepperoni pie after school and they are usually ready in about 10 minutes. The staff is super nice and it has a very cozy feel to it with outdoor seating as well!  Have them brush the crust with the special garlic olive oil!!  Extra crispy and flavorful!!
5	Love this place! Simple and solid pies! Get the best yogurt next door after at Zoyo! :)
5	Alice is the nicest host ever! The food was fresh and good. Best of all zoyo is next door. Zoyo is the best yourgat ever.
5	I was a bit skeptical at first on the taste, but their pizza is delicious! Plus their prices are pretty decent for getting a whole pizza. Tiny slices though...I found out about this place as I drive by it everyday going home for work. Finally decided to give it a try on my lunch break a couple days ago.When I walked in it wasn't busy and the front area is the seating area, plus there was no wall to separate it from the business next door which I believe was a yogurt or smoothie shop... so I was a bit confused on where the counter to order was. Kept going back and found the counter. Placed my order (got the pepperoni pizza) and saw them make it right then. No premade pizzas. Not sure how long it took but I would guess about 10mins.It was a 12" pizza but the slices are small as I mentioned earlier. The pizza and crust are thin and the crust got a little black. Overall taste was better than I expected. Pizza crust was too crunchy for me though.I would definitely recommend this pizza place to anyone looking to try a new pizza place or is in the area. I'm planning on taking my husband here next time.
4	Popped in to check out the scene a few months ago when they were about a week old. Music is a little loud but I like the beats and I like that the restaurant is literally a little slice of hall in the whole building between Zoyo and Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf. The menu stays basic - they want to extend the concept of a build your own pizza by keeping the overall menu short. They seem to post the most popular pizza combinations to give you an idea but they also have a list of their ingredients available for you to peruse and create your own. Staff was super friendly and willing to help and answer any questions we had. We like it when people work their creative juices with food so we let one of the pizza makers (Joseph?) do his thang and create his own recommended pizza. If I remember correctly there was several meats, red sauce, mushrooms, and tomatoes (I may be one or two ingredients off). In any case, the pizza came out piping hot in about 10-12 mins and was pretty darn delicious!  My non-appetite suddenly perked up with the smells coming from the box. Despite it being 9pm we gobbled that up quick.  We also bought a soda because the owner suggested something awesome - why not get root beer and go next door to Zoyo for the vanilla froyo to make a root beer float?  GENIUS.  We did as we were told and it was a nice addition to our meal. Did we also go get froyo afterward?  Duh. Why not?  They make it easy peasy and it's really the intention of the partnership - have dinner, then have dessert.  Sold. Overall, it was a very nice surprise to walk into and whenever we are in the area we definitely will be back.
2	Yeah, really bummed out about this. I was so excited to try this place and it just really disappointed. The pizza was plain and boring. We ordered the sausage and onion one and there was nothing compelling about it. The house salad was great, but I came here for the pizza. Not enough sauce, too much bread. Blah.
4	Pizza was delicious and service was friendly and very accommodating. I got the white pizza with garlic sauce (instead of the basil pesto that's on the menu) and it was wonderful. I would definitely go back.
5	The pizza was just the way I like it. Not to thin, not to thick.  It was not drowning in grease like so many other pizza places.  Recomend the white pizza.
2	The only thing good about this place is the workers are friendly, that being said everything was overpriced and the workers seemed inexperienced! The pizza was little teeny tiny for 5 bucks-what am I at the airport? Then the salad was like 9 bucks and I could've made it better and have. It was supposed to be like a tomato, cucumber, and red onion salad. Well it was pretty much just tomatoes with like a couple cucumbers slices and no onion. I will say the ingredients were very fresh so that was good. They give u very small dressing for a big salad, which I had to ask for because they forgot and no silverware. They also didn't ask basic things like here or to go, dressing on it or on side.... Also it took a long time for what was made. Probably wont be back here sorry.
1	This was the WORST pizza my husband & I have EVER had! Aside from the fact that it was over-priced, the crust was burnt-but not all-over. We ordered a tomato/mushroom but received one tomato slice and about six mushroom slices, swimming in what looked and tasted like Velveeta imitation cheese. The maranara sauce was totally invisible and we certainly couldn't taste any! To top this experience off, their fountain drinks were so watered -down that the taste was non-existent. My husband swears he got Diet Pepsi even though he pushed regular Pepsi. We have NEVER had such an over-priced, poor eating experience, which is too bad because I was looking forward to trying this new place which is so close to home. My husband was right - we should have gone to Barro's! We were hoping it would have been more like Piology in California.
5	During my first Visit here i was great by a very nice girl named taylor. She was very friendly and helpful. I ordered the meat pizza. Taylor charged me and proceeded to make my order. The wait on the pizza was only about five minutes which was a major plus since i was very hungry. Taylor brought me my pizza and a plate and asked me if i need anything else. The pizza came out and it looked just as good as it tasted. All of the ingredients tasted fresh and there was a perfect about of everything. Before leaving taylor asked me how everything was. I told her everything was great. She told me that she was happy to hear I enjoyed my vist. she also told me she was nervous throughout my vist since it was her first day work there. I was blown away, that she did so great on her first day. If you are ever in the area and are wanting pizza you should stop in.
5	Great pizza, great atmosphere, great service.
