4	There are a lot of reviews for this business on tripadvisor.com.My boyfriend and I bought a Groupon for $85 for two people and went on Sunday over Labor Day weekend. Compared to other club crawl/tours we found, the price couldn't be beat. Other tours offer good deals, but not on holiday weekends. We had such a great time! We started at MIX at Mandalay Bay, then headed to The Foundation Room (also at Mandaly Bay). We spent two hours at Foundation Room (a bit too long, since this is more of a mellow lounge than a club - I think one hour would have been plenty of time). Then we headed to Body English at The Hard Rock. We stayed there for about an hour, which didn't feel like much time at all. Lastly, we went to Pure at Caesar's Palace and danced until about 4 a.m. when they closed. The party bus that took us from place to place was pretty fun. Free drinks (super strong) were provided on the party bus, but they tasted like they were made with the cheapest of cheap liquor. Over all, it was super fun. Vanessa was a great hostess and everyone seemed to have a great time.The reason I give it 4 stars rather than 5 are 1) the timing seemed a little awkward and I would have rather spent more time at the more lively clubs that we went to after The Foundation Room. 2) communication in the ticket purchasing/booking process was not very professional and I felt like I may have been getting scammed. 3) the cheap liquor. 4) it would have been nice to have spent more time on the party bus.But I feel like the value for the money we paid was unbeatable. I'd do it again.
5	Bought a groupon and did this on a Sunday night after two of my friends got married in Vegas. This was an excellent activity choice! While most of the spots on our tour didn't have drink specials (same ones as outlines in Traci's post), my favorite was them taking us to the club Body English, where we danced our asses off. While true that we weren't on the bus often or long, we had unlimited drinks on the bus and there were several fun options like margaritas. Our guide/bartender was awesome. This is a great activity for young people in Vegas who want to have a good time with other partiers.
5	JULIE!!!  What a hostess!!!  Definitely recommend this fun lady!! We had so much fun on this party bus tour. There were 6 in our overall group and 16 overall on the party bus .We meet at Lilly at 9:30 to start our Sunday evening. 2 for 1 drinks were there and it ran about $15 with the coupon. The staff at Lilly's was fine as there were at least two other party bus groups there. We then walked across over to Bank to start the night. Bank was just opening and we walked right in. By the time we left, it was so crowded we could hardly move. Don't drink at Bank if you don't have to as the drinks are $10 for beer and $14 for Vodka and $19 for Vodka/Redbull . The reason I say don't drink is because the party bus comes next!! We hoped on and drove to Pure. Julie had drinks waiting and we all pounded as many vodka tonics and vodka crans as we could. They were strong and good. We had girls hanging off the stripper poll on the bus and people jumping around having a blast. My small group of friends drank 15 drinks before Pure. That's right 15! Bunch of alcoholics for sure.  Pure was easy to get in and only the outside open. It was fun though and we stayed there for 90 minutes. Back on the bus we went for more drinks from Julie! We pounded down 13 more!!   Then it was into Hakkassan at MGM. What a club , I think!! I was a bit hammered after the bus ride!! :)  Again straight in. Club played great music(I think), then we finally ran out of gas around 3:45am. Remember you must get your own way home from last club. So we grabbed a limo for $25 bucks and headed back to Cosmo. We paid $68.99 each for this tour. Its too much to be honest if the drinks weren't flowing. But alas they WERE. Look for groupons and other discounts and plan better ahead than I did and you can save a few bucks. These guys have a pool tour too and a helicopter as well. Don't make a mistake like so many others and try and save a few bucks with a cheaper tour. This went flawless and believe me is worth the extra $20-25 for it. I drank 8 drinks on bus which in club would have been $120. Get Julie!!  You will love her!!  PS....Ladies. If you have comfortable heels, I would suggest that strongly as there is some walking. Also I noticed ladies with only slightly elevated sandals getting into clubs just fine.
1	Definitely the most wrinky-dink operation I've ever seen. We signed up for the Party Bus package and were on a party bus for all of 10 minutes. When we showed up, they didn't have enough wrist bands and said "Oh, you guys are extra." Not sure what the hell that means. But our club hopping was pretty ridiculous -- we spent 2 hours and 20 minutes at Haze, spent 10 minutes on a party bus, and then went to the Chateau at Paris. At 2:45 AM they were supposed to bring us to Pure, but I bailed by that point. Vegas never sleeps, but getting shuffled around at 2:45 AM is moronic. Oh, and if you call them and suggest paying a lesser price than Groupon, the company will agree to avoid Groupon's fees. Spend your $50 elsewhere. These companies are hit or miss either way. We had 9 people on the bus and would've been better off putting our money towards bottle service.
1	This company is a joke. Spent 10 or 15 minutes on a party bus for the entire night. After booking months in advance and calling week of to confirm, we still weren't on the list night of. After a below average experience, management was not receptive into comping anything to defuse the situation. Instead we were given attitude and treated like scum.  Learn how to run a business.
1	We were in Vegas last weekend for a bachelor party and unfortunately we were looking forward to the party bus/club night the most. I say "unfortunately" because it turned out to be a complete waste of time and money.First, being a party of around 10 people, we had spoken with the company repeatedly in the weeks leading up to the event in order to be certain that our reservation was secure. We proceeded to show up to the first location at Aria to find out that none of us were on the company's list. What?! We then had to wait for extra wrist bands, causing us to miss a half hour of 2 for 1 drinks, and were then told that now we were "extras" being thrown onto a random bus. Secondly, we were looking forward to the idea of partying at multiple clubs and, just as importantly, on the bus itself. Well, as you may have guessed, we were disappointed again. We started at Haze and might have well just ended there too. We didn't get into the bus until almost 1am. Apparently what they do is they run one bus for three groups of people. We happened to be in the group that had to wait for 2.5 hours before even seeing the bus. Oh, and then the bus ride lasted all of 10 minutes and we ended up at Chateau.After partying at Chateau, we boarded the bus at 2:45am to head for Pure. By that time, half of our party had bailed, and not because they were tired. They were tired of the party bus tour! We arrived at Pure to find it basically empty (surprisingly) and then immediately left. So, all in all, you should completely avoid this company. Take your money, get into a club that you'll enjoy, and buy some bottles. You'll have a much better time, I promise.
5	I had spoken to a friend prior to my trip to Vegas last October and asked him what I MUST do in Vegas....and he pointed me in Vegas Rockstar VIP's direction. I had SUCH a great time. We did the Friday night one and it was AMAZING. We loved all of the clubs we went to (good music and fun crowds), particularly the first one (wish I could remember the name because it had a great drink special). Our hostess was AMAZING. I agree that the rides in between the dance clubs are short, but she kept our drinks coming non-stop. I was thoroughly buzzed all night long...which is probably why the only place I can remember was Paris (great views!). This is something we will definitely do again if we return to Vegas. Well worth the $. I spoke with my friend and did notice they go to different places depending on the night you book (so that is something to keep in mind).Disclaimer: we went in October and had no problems (nor did we have to pay any entrance fees to clubs). Some of the more recent reviews would have me worried to try this again.
1	At best, a rip-off. At worst, a scam. We were told the bus would depart at 9:30 PM. Upon our timely arrival, we found out that the bus would not leave until 4 hours later, after 1 AM! The first club of the night, Revolution, was just a small lounge inside the casino at the Mirage. Anyone could just walk up and order a drink there, and you certainly don't need this "service" to do so. The second club was ALSO in the Mirage, a short walk away. All told, they expected us to sit around inside the Mirage buying drinks at these bars for four hours before ever setting foot inside the so-called "party bus" or taking advantage of the alcohol onboard we had paid for.
1	If I could give no stars I would. We booked months in advance for the memorial day tour on Sat night for 14people. We confirmed as we were told and  get the ultra lounge that stated on their voicemail. After waiting 40 minutes we find out that they moved locations and didn't text us. We called their contact information many times and it went strait to voicemail. They didn't even bother to update the Voicemail. We lost out on the first 1.2 hour at the ultra lounge. Come to find out the hostess failed to capture the phone number correctly from the numerous emails we sent. We were ushered to the Bank where we stood in line for TWO hours! customer service was non existent. They couldn't even tell us if we were going to get it. The bouncer shared some interesting news, that this company is notorious for mess ups. At this point there are about 80 people in line and all are livid. A couple of people "hostess" showed up and they all shared the same nonchalant attitude- locations are subject to change.They then decided to heard us to Hyde (another ultra lounge) its now been 2 + hours and we have yet to get in the club or get minimal customer services. It was truly  a sad evening as they expected us to stay at the "ultra lounge" until 1250 am. By the time people boarded the bus at 1250 I think there was only about 17 people left! How's that for service- everyone left unhappy and mistreated. We made numerous call to the venue after the fact and they don't return calls. My advice - stay away from this provider. If you want to do a tour book a more expensive reputable one!  In the end they didn't live up to the services they stated they would provide on their website.
2	LOL I look back at this and think... what was I thinking??Simply put: unless you're over a certain age and can't get into clubs for free, better save your money and time for  Tiesto/Diplo/Calvin Harris than this shiz.I had everything going for me. I was the only guy in a group of six. Those were good odds for me. Honestly if we had just gone to a better club like LIGHT, Hakkasan or Marquee, we could've gotten in for free (at least the ladies would've; my odds would have just been higher) and the money we ended up spending for this deal would have gone to table service.The Vegas Rockstar VIP deal ($40 on travelzoo) had terrible service putting our names on the list. Phone calls would keep ringing and not be returned. Additionally, all the clubs and lounges we ended up were just aiite. If it wasn't for my darling girlfriends nabbing free drinks all night from the hunky owners and some down-right cowboys, it would've been a meh experience.Seriously, save your money and time for a legit club. Even if it's just one- you'll definitely have a better time. On the flipside, you can just rent out a limo for cheap and provide your own alcohol on the road.Thanks for trying Vegas Rockstars, but all I left from here was a sloppy wristband and a bad taste in my mouth from the ten minutes "all you can drink" poison on the bus.But why two stars and not one? ...There was a stripper pole in the party bus and I found myself playing on it before being told to sit down and enjoy the unlimited well-drinks on board. Booyah.
4	I took 2 tours with them. The pool party tour I would give a 5. You start at one pool. Then take the party bus to the Las Vegas sign, the whole time in the party bus they're giving you drink to make sure you're having a good time. Great party music on the bus. You get back on the bus. Again giving you more drinks. Arrive at the second location. Spend however long you want at that pool. The club crawl tour I could have passed on. If they had an area for us in the club or more time on the party bus it would have been better. Pros for both no waiting to get in line. Cons there's no transportation back to the place you started.
4	Everything was as advertised: got into every club without a cover charge or much of a wait, and got as many free drinks as we could drink on the bus between clubs. The hostess (Julia) and her bartending helper were both awesome, helpful, and a lot of fun on the bus. Every club we went to was an absolute blast as well. We only paid $40/person for the VIP Nightclub tour due to vouchers we found online, and it was a great deal for that price (the clubs themselves were charging about $40/person cover). If you do buy a voucher online, MAKE SURE TO CALL ROCKSTAR TO REDEEM IT prior to showing up. Unfortunately one group didn't do that and thus couldn't go on the tour that night.If my review were limited to the night of the tour, it would be 5 stars for sure. I dock a star since it was extremely hard to get in contact with Rockstar to redeem our vouchers. In the weeks leading up to our tour I called probably a half dozen times to reserve our spots and left a voicemail each time (plus emailed), and never received a response. It took probably my 7th call to finally reach a human to book our slot.
4	I bought the Amazon Local deal for the Pool Party Tour and the Night Club Tour together. After buying I read the reviews on this page and became very skeptical. I called several times before speaking to a real person to book the tour after sending an email without response. Once I was able to get through I made our reservation for two for the pool tour on Thursday and the club tour Friday of our trip. They took my name and phone number, along with the voucher numbers, and that was that.A few weeks before the trip I remembered the reviews I had read mentioning lost reservations and mistaken phone numbers and called again to confirm. I called from my work phone and they were able to read me back my cell number correctly, so I felt better about the reservation. I called one more time the day before the tour to be EXTRA SURE they had our info. Each time I called it took a few tries to get through but after they answered they were perfectly nice and courteous.The day of the pool tour came and right on time came the text from our hostess, Roselin (sp?), telling us to meet her at Liquid Lounge at Aria, thankfully a short walk from our hotel and what was mentioned as the likely starting point. We got a bit confused as to where to go once we got to securty at the pool area of the hotel. We found two other people looking for the same tour and I texted Roselin, who quickly answered before the security guard asked if we were with Rockstar and told us where to go. We met up with our hostess and checked in. Seems each time I confirmed the reservation they took down another, because they asked if our party was 8! Hahaha, if only I knew I would've brought some friends. No harm done, and we got into the first pool no problem. As this is not a review of Liquid lounge itself (I posted a separate review for that) I will skip what happened inside.At the appointed time we met our hostess again outside and we walked into the hotel, where she had us gather around (there were only 6 of us) for a little 'group prayer' which was odd but I understood when she said it's more effective and less cultish with a larger group.We piled into the party bus where the lights blared, the music pumped and the drinks were poured. Seemed like they were giving us very weak Cuervo margarita stuff. Whatever, it was free and she was more on top of keeping our glasses full than if we were the only customer in a failing diner with a cup of water.We got to our second location, the Vegas Sign. It was cool, because having not rented a car there would have been little other time when I would have gotten to see the sign. We quickly took pictures and were back on the bus again to the Palms Pool. Much nicer place, seemingly reserved for the patrons of the hotel. We were left there, half a mile from the strip, which was a bit annoying...Cut to the next night, for the Night Club tour!Despite saying beforehand we would be starting at Aria again, when I was texted the night's itenerary, it said to meet at Mirage. 3/4 mile later I got a second message saying to meet at Aria. I texted Roselin back and she cleared up the confusion and we met at Aria as planned. Minor speed bump, at least she was responsive.We met outside of Gold Lounge at Aria and were given 2 for 1 drink passes for the lounge. Good thing because everything there was stupidly expensive. After that we all walked to Haze nightclub downstairs and the fun began. After Haze we were whisked to the party bus where plenty of different drinks were tossed at us in quick succession. Seems Roselin knows how short the bus trip is and wants everyone to get their money's worth. We stumbled out of the bus at Luxor to go to LAX, which was fun, before boarding the bus one last time to go to Chateau at Paris, definitely the best club of the night, from the blurry images both in my head and on my camera afterwards.TL,DR: A good service for people like me who haven't the slightest idea what clubs to go to in Las Vegas and want a little taste of everything. Make extra sure to be super vigilant about the reservations and be sure to speak to an actual person: incredulousness is your friend. Also, request Roselin, she was fun!
1	Negative stars if possible. The host was nice, but customer service lies on the phone so read this review. 1. I booked through this company for a POOL club tour and they said they would take us to THREE clubs: MGM grand, Caesars Palace, and Aria.   FAILED - no MGM and no Aria. The nice host Amanda said they ONLY go to TWO clubs. One was Caesars and the other was Sapphire (a strip pool club). I never would've have booked this tour for my wife and I knowing it was 2 clubs and one was a strip joint (I don't mind it, but you don't take a wife that's not into it).2. They don't return you to the vegas strip! They drop you off at Sapphire and leave you there to take a taxi back $30! That would've been okay if they told us this. 3. When you are in the pool clubs you get treated like second rate citizens. So, that means no chairs unless you pay extra, no day beds. Not a big deal but I would've paid for one pool club with chairs which is about $100 each and you get a couple of drinks. 4. Just false advertising. I hate it and most people hate it. Don't book vegas VIP rockstar for anything and don't book it through any secondary websites like travelzoo because it's not worth it.Have fun in vegas!
2	I really wish that I checked out the reviews here on yelp before booking this tour, as there where several fails throughout the night. But, it should be said, that the night turned out to be one of the best night in our life, but that would more be because of the group we partied with. First off I booked the club tour through travel zoo and saved 60$. Which was a good deal. I called the company a total of 4 times in according to booking, and It was not until the same day, the got my booking right -  I just called to be sure I would show up the right place. At 21.20 we showed up at lily bar at Bellagio as told, and not before 21.35 our host shows up, just to tell us that we met the wrong place and instead should meet at the other end of the strip. Also the bus was not able to get the 12 of us who was waiting, so some of us took a cab, to sls hotel where we met at the sawyer club. Here we waited for half an hour without them knowing who we or Vegas Rockstar was. Then a hostess call us and told the were at a third club called foxtail, which we went over to. Here we waited around 30 minutes and witnessed the entire regular line, (which were long! ) head in right before us. So much for the vip!? Then we went inside, where they ended up buying 1 bottle of vodka for the group which were now 35 people. On top of that, when we finally got a drink 3 hostesses attacked me, because I was pouring it myself. This was the hostess job, and then it was common to tip her 5$ per drink (even though the bottle were paid for) welcome to Vegas :-) Then finally around 0.30 the bus came, with terrible alcohol and just enough room for the group. But at this time we were so happy, most of us, that we just partied, and had a great time. So can I recommend this company? Probably not, but still I would prefer partying this way, than going to night clubs on your self.
1	0 stars if possible . My boyfriend and I booked the nightclub tour last Saturday. I NEVER got a text from the host as they said I would. At the spot we were at other people were waiting to with no update from the "host". Absolutely ridiculous. We planned our night around going to do this and we were only in Vegas for a few nights. We called the next day and never got through to anyone , left messages and nothing. I demand to be refunded if and when I ever talk to someone live. The next day we had booked a pool tour with another company elite VIP and they were prompt , fun and awesome. Go through them DO NOT book this. I highly doubt this company willLast if this is how they treat their customers. This place is a JOKE and a scam !!!
1	This was a total rip off!  My friends and I purchased the VIP Pool Party tour for $39 with TravelZoo.  It advertised 3 pools (Wet Republic at MGM, Liquid at Aria and Venus at Caesar's Palace) but it only gave access to 2 pools and one of them was where you met to get on the bus.  So literally the bus only took us to one pool and didn't even pick us back up.We met at Liquid at the Aria.  We were there for an hour and then got on the party bus.  It stopped at the Vegas sign for a picture which wasn't advertised and none of us cared about.  My friends and I just stayed on the bus to drink while others went out for a picture.  Then it took us to a pool called Sapphire which was off of the strip and left us there.  We had to get our own way back and never saw the party bus again.  It was a total rip off for only a 10-15 minute party bus ride.  The bus had free drinks but it was premixed Cuervo/canned beer and the ride was so short we only had time to down one or two drinks before it was over.Liquid at the Aria charged extra for chairs and wouldn't let us even put our sandals or purses down on the ground.  We had to check them.  Sapphire was off the strip and pretty empty with not much going on.  Nothing felt VIP.  We ended up walking all the way back to the strip from Sapphire because we didn't want to spend more money on a cab.  Definitely NOT as advertised and NOT recommended!
4	We booked this through our travel agent (yes, I said that. I'm old school.) Antoinette and RJ were great hosts. The night's itinerary and reminder emails were sent the day of as promised for confirmation of the meet up point. Stops: LiFE at SLS was a blast. I'm 44 and love EDM. Always have and always will. My 35 y/o girlfriend likes it sorta, but she goes for me. Next was Beacher's Madhouse at MGM. Super fun!!! I can't even explain that place, you just havta go! Chateau at Paris was our last stop. Chateau was too crowded and the rooftop was closed and that's it's best feature. (Not the tour's fault) Each stop and during the night the Vegas Rockstar VIP crew texted us and reminded us of the time and were to meet for the next venue. Also texting 15 minute reminders. The bus was comfy and on time. We had a Gdamn blast and you will too.
