5	My car buying experience with Lou Gordon was simple, up-front, and fun.I would not hesitate to recommend friends and family to this dealership.  Compared with other Mercedes dealerships around the valley, this one truly is a gem.
4	Today was my first experience with Schumacher and it was great - I visited the service department and was greeted with a gift bag. I easily got a loaner car and headed to work. When I came back, it was a simple process and everyone was very helpful. The service and cashier folks were very nice and made sure I got some Easter candy. All around, a great experience and friendly people.
1	Biggest rip off ever!! I had gotten an estimate from them to do a brake service and replacement on my vehicle and after my jaw dropped from the extravagant price they called me to reduce the original estimate they had given me by three thousand dollars!!!! Do they think I am an idiot!!! I will never do and business with this dealership. I will surely not ever buy an overpriced car from them either.
5	great, great, great.  Glenn Davis, our sales consultant, has our highest praise and loyalty!  Several other reviewers have said it - this place wants your business, works for it, and appreciates prospective customers.  My fiance and I shopped the nearby Audi and Infiniti dealerships prior to going to Schumacher.  My fiance went to Audi three times - the 1st he was ignored presumably because he stopped by in gym clothes after working out so didn't look like a good prospect; the 2nd time we were given the spiel about Audis flying off the lot, bashing of other cars we were considering, and a "you'd be lucky to drive this one Audi that I'm willing to show you" attitude by the disinterested sales guy.  The 3rd time was more of the same.  We skeptically walked into Schumacher and were greeted instantly by Glenn Davis. While Glenn got the keys to the cars we wanted to test, one of his colleagues offered us drinks.  Already a huge difference.  Glenn was absolutely fantastic - down-to-earth, willing to work with us, and genuinely interested in helping us find the car we wanted.  We walked in at 6pm on Friday night and had agreed on a price 45 minutes later.  The financing person had left so we agreed to pick it up the next morning.  Glenn met us outside as soon as we pulled up.  He spent about an hour helping us get to know the car.  Susan/Suzanne (?) in financing is an absolute gem as well.  The Schumacher team knows how to do business - treat your customers well.  Truly a top-notch, professional organization.  Everyone we met was a pleasure.  We are looking forward to a long relationship with Schumacher.
1	I purchased my Mercedes from Shumacher European LTD the end of Nov 2010...I initially called the Dealership after viewing their website..I spoke with a Frank Mendes....After speaking with him on the phone that particular car I called about would not work. Frank told me for what I wanted he would have it in about a week and that he would call me..I did not hear back from Frank after a week and half passed..I called Frank and had to remind him who I was...This should have been my first clue to stay away from this store....Frank told me what I wanted was there...I showed up 3 hours later...Frank has worked there 4 1/2 yrs...He is not very knowledgeable about colors avaliable (combination) and how the options  worked...The negotiations was a bad experience....After the Dealership committed to a reduced selling price they tried raising the price to show me more for my trade....I dont know why I didnt walk at that time....I purchased a 2010 preowned mercedes with 8900 miles...Frank told me the alloy wheels had no markings on them....While he was finishing his paperwork I,walked outside to look at the wheels only  to notice that 3 out  of 4 wheels needed  work...There is no way one would have not seen the markings if they actually looked at all 4 wheels....My experience with Service was equally horrendous...I had an item on the Due bill that took   3 attempts to get it right. I was told by the service advisor that Chris Schumacher only authorized the inexpensive fix...The quality of the work was bad......After the second attempt which was equally bad I had to talk to the Service Director ( Andy)...Andy had to get the ok from Chris Shumacher before he could send the car elsewhere to get it done right..Its quite apparent Schumacher's bottomline is more important than customer satisfaction.. When you go to their website they talk alot about Customer Satisfaction....Thats a Farce!!!!.I was offered water!!!!!!!
5	Worked with Lou Gordon in the Internet sales group. Great experience. Quick, fast, and helpful. Could not ask for better service. Will look to Schumacher again next time I purchase a vehicle.
1	I had a C Class Mercedes. I needed service & called Schumacher Mercedes and asked if I had the car towed to their dealership, if they would offer me a loaner car. I was told I could obtain a loaner by the service rep. I had the car towed to Schumacher Mercedes within 30 minutes of the conversation. After I got to their service dept, I was told I could not have a loaner. If that was the case, I would have had the car towed to Phoenix Motors. I asked for a manager, Michael Schumacher came into the office. He was very cold & asked the service rep what model car I had. When the rep told him it was a C Class, he abruptly said NO & walked out. As if I was a second class citizen because I had a low end model at the time. I walked out of the office towards my car. I asked another rep if they had loaner cars available & he said they did. I come to find out that the reason my car was disabled was because the lug nuts from my regular tire were too long for the spare tire and impeded the driving of the car. I then proceeded to change the lug nuts to the proper length in the middle of their lot. Dozens of employees RAN out asking to assist me. It looked terrible for a woman in a skirt on the ground changing lug nuts. I ended up driving away saving myself the $700 they quoted me for repairs that were not even needed & I NEVER went back to their dealership. We now own E63 AMG & G55 - WHICH WE DID NOT BUY FROM SCHUMACHER!
5	I have been looking for a super clean Lexus LX 470. I find one at a Mercedes dealer? Go figure. The vehicle was advertised factually, I asked that a couple of minor cosmetic issues be fixed and they were. Lou Gordon handled all paperwork with style & grace.  The car arrived with a full tank of gas, all promises kept. Mark me down in the 'very happy' category.
5	I think most people would agree buying/ leasing a new car is about as fun as going to the dentist. When my husband gave me the green light to buy a new Mercedes, I was excited, but not looking forward to the buying experience. I researched several options on Schumacher's website and emailed Lou Gordon about a few of the used car on their website. This was at 7:30 am, by 9:30 am I was down at Schumacher meeting with Lou. Now keep in mind, it was a Friday, it is summer, which means it is hot, and I had my 9 yr old daughter in tow. Before we even got in my car, Lou and I had discussed over the phone payments on the 2 cars I was interested in, and how much my trade ( another Mercedes) would be worth ( provided it was as good as I said, it was :)   ). I was still wondering if all those numbers would change once I got down to Schumacher.Lou's assistant, Aaron Sales took me and my daughter on about 3 test drives. Aaron also showed me about 8 different cars. He handled my indecision with the sincere patience. Honestly, it was more like hanging out with friends and having fun picking out my new car. Keep in mind, they also had a huge sale running and the dealership was extremely busy. I at no time felt pressured or rushed. All the pricing I was given over the phone was the same. I did about 2 hrs of research prior to speaking to Lou and the numbers I came up with, were very close to what Lou offered. A win/ win as far as I was concerned.Once I finally made up my mind, the paperwork and final sale was painless and quick. Finance could not have been an easier process. My daughter even received an adorable stuffed Mercedes teddy bear from the gal in finance who she has now named Sadie. We ended up spending about 3 hrs total at Schumacher this was mainly due to my indecision on what car I really wanted, not because of Lou or Aaron. The actual sales process was less than an hour from paperwork to finance. I am returning on Monday for tint to be applied to my beautiful new Mercedes. I have already been introduced to the service department and a loaner car reserved which is awesome. Being in sales myself, it is always refreshing to meet individuals who respect others time and want the repeat business. Both Lou and Aaron did this. We will absolutely return to them when we are ready for another new car. Lou's email is l.gordon@drivethebest.com and Aaron's is a.sales@drivethebest.comI had a small issue with the car when I got home. Nothing major at all, I emailed Lou on Friday night. I received an email back in 20 mins. Seriously, that is customer service. Not expected by any means, but certainly appreciated! Thanks Lou and Aaron for making buying my 2nd Mercedes a fun one!
5	I have been taking my CLK320 to Schumacher European for 7 1/2 yrs receiving outstanding expertise,expeditious service with courtesies, caring and  professional attention. Telephone  calls are answered in a prompt, thoroough manner with answers and solutions by my personal Team Service Manager,  Neven Novakovic,    I recommend him to all my friends who own Mercedes so they experience the "personal, professional" experience at Schumacher.  This experience starts at the moment you drive onto the Schumacher property with everyone you meet.Jeanne J
5	I hate buying cars, but Lou Gordon and assistants made it easy. I literally spent about 10 minutes in the dealer when I picked up the car. I had all the paperwork done ahead of time, and drove away with my first Porsche Cayman S happy! I appreciate his directness and ability to make a deal happen.
5	So, it has not even been 6 months and I was back @ Schumacher purchasing my second Mercedes! Again, Lou Gordon helped me out. I traded in my C class sedan and left with a R class SUV. LOVE the new purchase!Lou was busy (he always is) and it took a little longer than last time. To be fair, I came in unannounced, so really, poor planning on my part. Finance was a breeze, in and out of there in 5 mins. My daughter was with me again, and honestly, she loves going to Schumacher because it is always so much fun! Can anyone else say that about any other car dealership, I seriously doubt it.Even with the longer wait this time, the purchase was still super simple, no haggle. Lou even got me a lower rate on my car loan. I think it is everyone who works at Schumacher that makes the experience great regardless if you are there 5 mins or 3 hours. Bottom line, if you are in the market for a new/used Mercedes or any used car, contact Lou  l.gordon@drivethebest.com he is absolutely the only person we will contact when we do need another car. One last note....service. I had a few minor (and I mean minor) glitches with my C300. I panicked and called service (air bag warning light). They stayed open for me to drop off my C300 and gave me a loaner car. Again, service. Turned out it was nothing. It's all these little things that add up to the big picture. That picture is extreme customer satisfaction, something you just do not see to much of anymore!
4	I did not buy a car from here, but this is how you run a business.I decided to buy a car in January from a private party.  Since I was in California, I asked the seller to take the car to the dealership to have a pre-buy inspection and to send me a copy of the report.  When I called to confirm the appointment, I was pleasantly surprised to find out that Schumacher does not charge for a Mercedes inspection even if you're not buying from them.  The report was thorough and I was even able to talk to the service tech about other questions I had.  The tech was very helpful and courteous, too.When I talked to the seller, they agreed to get new brake pads since the report said that they were almost worn down completely.  They even gave him a keychain to pass onto me just for bringing it in.I have to say, if I were buying another Benz, I would definitely come here.  It's the little things that make a world of difference, especially in this economy.  It's like the owner of this dealership has taken "How to Win Friends and Influence People" to heart.
5	Closing time.You hand your ticket to the valet and wait in line with the others as car after car pulls up.The girl in front of you is hot. She thinks you're hot and begins talking to you. While you're talking, a Benz rolls up. Heads turn. Everyone oohs and ahhs, including hot girl.Another Benz rolls up, and once again, your conversation is interrupted by the silence that is everyone's gawking.It's about that time you're wishing you hadn't cheaped out, opting for that RAV4 instead of the C-300. You may have gotten hot girl to go home with you if you had. Oh who are you kidding, the 300 isn't for you anyway. True, it'd get you a ticket with hot girl and, there's always the part where it'll save your bacon in an accident with it's twenty or so airbags...the result of your perma-fucked driving skills from all the E and Moscow Mules. Super score. But sadly, you get into the RAV4 and drive home by yourself, hoping upon hope itself a tree doesn't leap out in front of you along the way. No worries, tomorrow is another day.Go to Shumacher and ask for Remington.I bought many cars from him when I was riding dirty. Now I'm back in a RAV4.Big shout-out to Wall Street.
5	I've purchased from three different Benz dealerships and had service at five dealerships over the years.  This one is the best - Schumacher knows how to treat their customers, they understand our expectations and exceed them.  The service advisors are honest when it comes to repairs and it's always buzzing with tons of very friendly and courteous staff.  Cute fleet of C class loaners too.We take our cars here for detailing every few months and they do a spectacular job. Take note: if you have all season floor covers you might want to tell them to use minimal product on them - I lose my footing when getting in the cars because they're so slick.It's a busy place so don't be surprised to pull up for service and have to wait a few minutes.  Prices are on par with other Benz dealerships.
5	My husband and I went to the Scottsdale dealership to just begin our search for the perfect car. At first he was hesistant to deal with a salesperson but we were immediately greeted by a very nice lady named Deanna Hannan. She let us have our "space" to view their selections and let us know that she was there to assist if needed. After a second trip back she welcomed us again and joined us on a test drive. Needless to say after some consideration we decided on a new CLS 550. Deanna provided excellent service and a friendly attitutude. She helped me get comfortable with the technology and was responsive to our questions even after the purchase. I hope to continue a great relationship with this dealership. Even after a quick visit to the Service Dept, the entire team was most helpful! Thank You, Allison
5	You definitely get what you pay for at Schumacher European! The experience was smooth, paperwork minimal and they run the place like a well oiled machine (which is how it should be when you are in the high end car business) I was fortunate enough to work with a great sales lady- Deanna Hannan. She was very professional, but at the same time made me feel relaxed throughout the process. I actually went to the dealership to finalize everything and took an expired registration for the trade in and an expired insurance card! She just laughed with me and helped me get all of the current information we needed. I never felt pressured to go with the more expensive model as she pointed out great features in each of the cars I was considering. Our family will be customers of Schumacher European ( and Deanna) for many years to come.
1	Buying a car from this dealer was  the worst experience  in buying a car we ever received.we purchased a mercedes E300  pre owned 2009. Took the car home tuned off the radio and noticed the screen was severly scratched called my salesman  Reymundo and he said to give him some time and he would try to think of someway to fix it. Said it was not covered in the pre owned policy. Drove. The car for less than 30 days and was not happy with it so took it back and said we would like to trade up.He offered us $6500 less than we paid for to and said that was the best he could do. Watch there financing manager also. Told us we would receive NM state tax but did not tell us about state and city tax. Cost us $700. Also doc fees of $245 plus took $300 for license and title and said she would send us the differenc? Ours is 75.00 but failed to tell us there was more administrative fees for that service. Truly a vey bad experience. DO NOT  buy from this agency !
5	I bought my first car over the weekend from Andrew. It was a very professional and awarding experience. Even after the sale, I can tell that Andrew will be there if I need anything or have questions. He was always straight up and eager to help with any questions or concerns. I would highly recommend you to see Andrew if you are looking to purchase a vehicle!
5	What can I say...a fantastic staff dedicated to you're everyAutomotive need, want or desire.  KS,  GM
5	On Friday I leased a C250 coupe from Schumacher European and I must say it was quite a positive experience. Eric Shurtliff was my representative and he made the process seamless and enjoyable. After showing me the vehicle I called in about Eric and I sat down in his office. I told him exactly where I needed to be with terms, he left to get approval, came back and matched everything I had wanted.Eric was a joy to work with as he went out of his way to explain everything to me from when I walked in to when I drove off in my new car. Schumacher has a great selection of vehicles and super friendly staff. I would highly recommend both Schumacher and Eric.
5	Very helpful ! Made my car buying experience very easy ! I will be back ! Thanks
5	Excellent dealership, i went in to take a look at a few vehicles, greeted by Joe Girvin who was one of the most knowledgeable & patient sales people i have ever dealt with, Joe made my experience shopping for a car great & took his time explaining the features, pros & cons of each vehicle i was looking at.Ask for Joe Girvin if  your shopping for a Mercedes at Schumacher & want a top notch sales experience.
5	This Dealership is stunning.  It's Definitely got the look, feel and professionalism that makes it stand out.  Highly recommended:)
5	I purchased a C300 about 2 years ago at Schumacher, a friend of mine referred me to Paul Olsen as a service advisor. I have had the VERY BEST experience with Paul every single time I have brought my car in for service. The customer service at Schumacher is always exceptional! I have went to other mechanics I have used before, and still choose to work with Paul because of the communication and employees that are always so helpful. I highly recommend for Paul Olsen if you ever need great service on your car!
5	I was looking for a new mercedes and decided to go first to Mercedes of Chandler which was a terrible experience. I was glad to find Schumacher where I was assisted by Joe Girvin. He is an amazing person and was open and honest the whole time. He was very patient and gave me enough time to make a desicion - not pushy at all which is what I loved the most. Thank you Schumacher and especially Joe for an outstanding service and product :)
5	I can't think of anything less than 5 stars (out of 5) to this amazing dealership & Mike Wood, my sales consultant. My new car buying experience, was totally remarkable and so surreal.Mike is very knowledgeable, very professional & was very patient throughout the entire process with me. I don't think I left the dealership without having any questions answered.It all started with a casual visit to the dealership 4 months ago to check out new CLK250. Mike rightfully suggested that time to order one and it will be delivered per my specs in April. I was informed earlier this week by Mike that car will be ready to pick up today. The trade-in for my old cars was hassle free and the entire process and the experience of driving the Benz out of the showroom was just surreal. I can't imagine anyone going to anywhere but Schumacher & Mike, if buying or leasing a Benz. I'm going to visit him soon to explore the possibility of having ML350 BlueTek.You guys rock.. Thank you for making the experience so memorable. I can't be more appreciative of all Mike has done.
5	I always feel welcomed at Schumacher. They make you feel like a VIP! Everyone I work with has been awesome.
4	My sales person was really great at this location. Didn't end up buying a CLS 550 that I wanted at this location due to availability of what I wanted. However, would go back when I am ready for my next Mercedes Benz. Thank you!
1	i would have rated this dealer a 5 start, when we initially purchased our SMART Car through them it was a very good experience, great SMART sales people...but they have Basically dumped all the customers that purchased their SMART cars from them...no longer supporting the brand or the customers that purchased them. any Smart customer that lives in the north or west of Phoenix now have to drive all the way to Chandler to get an oil change.shows they really aren't customer service orientated.
5	I've bought several cars here through the years. Both new and used and have had nothing but great experiences. Nice people.
5	Had some issues, Schumacher agreed to take care of. Handled very professionally. Very satisfied.
5	Two words: Lou Gordon. My husband and I have done three transactions with Lou in the last three years, and we love him like a member of the family. Forget the seminal question, "Would you buy a car from this man?" I would get in a foxhole with this man. I would trust him to do the right thing in any situation. Lou is a total mensch. Rigorously honest. Really sweet. Funny. Real. I just love the guy. I guess I feel that way about Lou because he takes care of you before, during and long, long after the purchase. He really cares, years after the money has already changed hands. You can't fake that.
5	This has to be the best Mercedes Benz dealer in America. They are very professional in all aspects of the buying cycle. I was able to negotiate a fair price and had a great delivery. The dealer worked with me and my wife's busy schedule to accommodate a fantastic delivery experience. If you are looking for a new MB, I would highly recommend this dealership.Matt Lenox was a joy to deal with. They also showed me the Airstream Interstate where Joe Passantino demonstrated all the great features of the Sprinter Luxury touring coach. We are now considering a second purchase in our future.
5	Excellent service and friendly staff!  I was so disenchanted with BMW (down the road) due to the sales staff left me to wait for over 90 minutes while my sales person helped a 7 series customer.  I was ready with cash in hand to purchase a 3 series and all that needed to happen was for him, his manager or anyone to say hey I will take over and get this done for you. I have always been a BMW customer up until that point.  That same night I drove down the street, purchased a MB and left the lot in less than 30 minutes.  Love my new MB and love the service!  Shame on you BMW of Scottsdale!
5	Lou Gordon and the entire staff at Schumacher European have made my car buying experience SO easy and stress free. They never made me feel rushed or pressured and were extremely patient with me as I indecisively test drove car after car and e-mail and called with questions for the past month. Lou was honest and up-front at all times and I never felt like I was being taken advantage of. So thankful to have ended up at Schumacher!
5	What a amazing car buying experience. Special Thanks to Glenn Davis who sold us our C250, "you made our experience buying a car both seamless and enjoyable". Glenn never pushed or tried to steer us in a direction in which we weren't comfortable and he took time to make sure we got the deal we wanted.Iza in finance was amazing as well and we felt completely comfortable with the entire process. I cannot express how happy we are and will definitely return to Schumacher in the future.
5	I bought a used C250 from Carmax and a few days later I had issues with is. Schumacher towed my car to their location and handled everything for me. The service was covered and Anthony in the service department went the extra mile to keep me updated on what was going on via text. They had initial worries and ran a few reports for me and worked the kinks out.
5	Lou Gordon and his team made the car buying experience one of the best experiences I have ever had. If you are thinking about buying a new or used mercedes I would highly recommend Lou and his team!
5	Wow! What a wonderful car shopping experience!  I went in this past weekend to purchase a CLA 250. Was greeted right away and introduced to Lou Gordon! This was the best car shopping experience I have ever had. He was funny, professional, and most importantly honest and humble. He made me feel right at ease and knew that my time was valuable so he took care of everything as quick and efficiently as possible. This was my first Benz purchase and I hope Lou stays around for my next car purchase. I consider him family and he is definitely a major asset to Schumacher Mercedes. The service he provides is what makes people keep coming back.
5	I Took my vehicle in for service. Great customer service. John Cummins took good care of us. I highly recommend this place.
