5	I've used this location a couple of times.  They did a battery replacement on a watch and a jewelry repair on a diamond bracelet.  I've also sent my Mother there for jewelry repairs.  They have a quick turnaround and reasonable prices.  The owner is very friendly too.
1	I'm only giving a 1 star review because I can't give a ZERO! I took a Relic watch in to them which has a pin missing from the band. The owner and the repairman were behind the counter when I entered. The repairman was working on something, and the owner was playing with his I-phone facing the counter. I stood in front of these guys for 3 minutes before clearing my throat to get their attention. I showed the band to the owner. He consulted with the repairman and said they could fix it for $10. I was going to move forward until I asked how long it might take. The owner told me "20 minutes." I paused for a second to consider what to do, and he looks at me, shrugs his shoulders, and says, "It's 20 minutes, or you don't get it." I was floored at his tone, arrogance, and how he felt he could speak to a potential customer. So I picked up my watch and walked out after giving him a verbal response not fitting of this forum. I'll never return and shall repeat this story to as many people as I can. Good luck if you choose to utilize this place.
1	ZERO STARS!  Was on a trip from San Diego and dropped in to get a link adjusted on my Breitling B-1 watch band, and not only did the worker fail to adjust it after 1 hour, he insulted me by saying my watch was fake.  My fault I guess for taking a Ferrari to a Jiffy Lube.
1	This place can be convenient for battery replacements and quick turn-around...but be warned and be careful.  Their craftsmanship and quality can be careless and do not take responsibility for their mistakes.  I took a Guess leather wrist-strap watch for a battery replacement.  They said it would be ready within an hour...I was surprised, because some places even a couple mom and pops stores took about 10 minutes...but whatever I was at the mall and decided to go window shopping to kill some time. When I came back to my disappointment...one of the time pieces had fallen off within the watch bezel...and they told me it was like that when i had given it to them.  obviously not!  They wouldn't even want to acknowledge the fact it may have been their fault or ask to have it repaired.  I wouldn't go back here again...Just be careful and make sure you point things out and take pictures before you actually have them repair if you have the guts to do business with them with your previous items.
5	I live in a small town so we don't have a jewelry repair but when I go to Vegas and have any jewelry issues I have Kalin work on my jewelry repair.  The best part is he is in the mall so it is easy to do other shopping while you wait.
5	I've had a big collection of jewelry in need of batteries or repair for a while now (so I decided to get it done, little by little (some here & there), so it would not feel so overwhelming (ie. wreck my budget). A couple of months ago, I got two of my Bulova watch batteries replaced with the 5 year warranty ($26 ea.). Both of them needed links removed, and one of the watches needed a minor repair with the clasp. The repair work took a half hour. The tech went through the warranty with me, and let me know that it would be good for 5 years. I was so happy that I could wear my watches, finally. Used a coupon, too.Would come back again to get my watch batteries replaced. Very convenient Meadows Mall location. Kill some time window-shopping or actually get some shopping done (or have some Fro Yo, what the hell?), while your jewelry is getting repaired.
5	Excellent customer service. Fair and accurate estimates. I will not take my watches anywhere else.  Thank you for all your help.  They also have a great watch battery program Well worth the money for the lifetime program
1	Went there thinking this place would be good. Wanted to charge 29 dollars for 2 links out of a casio 50 dollar watch and 29 for a battery for a seiko rip off alert . Happened at 825 on a Tuesday night.
1	Beware beware customers beware I'm going to set up the story so that it's clear. my wife took my watch eight months ago to get it fixed. it was never fixed, they called her up telling her they were going to charge storage fees after they could not perform or fix the watch so she then made arrangements right  away for me to pick it up. the ticket order was under her name, we have matching last names for me to claim my own watch. the clerk requested I show my ID which I did then they proceeded to write my name and my ID number in a notebook that look like it had over 500 ID numbers with matching names. I told him that I  would not be comfortable with my   ID number in the notebook. he then grabs the watch back really fast, then puts the watch behind him, and says that he will not give me the watch unless he puts my ID in the notebook I don't know about you but there's a ton of identity theft and he has over 500+ names and ID number names in that notebook. I asked the owner why does he have ID numbers in the notebook and he says that he makes the rules and I'm the customer and ask me to leave. I even tried to compromise with them and ask them if they could please scratch out the last four numbers of the identification card number and even that wasn't acceptable. I would have been okay if they could have at least done that and gave me a better answer of why they needed it in the first place instead of asking me to leave without my watch just because I asked a question. My wife had to go back later and get it.
1	Prices seem to be a little high for the work they're doing. The biggest issue though is definitely the customer service, or lack thereof. Tall man in glasses working the counter has been short and rude with every single customer I've witnessed including myself. Too bad I didn't have much time and just wanted the battery replaced. Won't ever be spending another penny inside this place again.
