4	This was my first stay at the Hyatt Place Mesa and can honestly say it was a really pleasant experience.  I usually stay pretty close to Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport for the convenience, but decided to venture out and stumbled on this place during my last business trip to the Phoenix area (June 2009). Based on how clean the lobby, hallways, elevators and room were, this hotel has to be relatively new.  Front desk staff was quick in greeting and even quicker in check-in.  I was put in a king size bed room on the 3rd floor.  You really notice how clean the place is when you first walk into the rooms.  When you walk in, to the left is a small wet bar with mini-fridge, sink and a coffee maker that makes individual cups of coffee.  Unlike most hotels, they Hyatt Place doesn't fill the mini-fridge with ridiculously priced mini-bottles of booze or M&Ms...the mini-fridge is empty and is there soley for guest use.  Next is a small desk that sits across from a living room area with a sectional couch with an ottoman to toss your feet up on.  Of course, every room as a 42" flat panel HDTV with HBO and some other HDTV channels.  The bathroom set up is a little weird in that the sink is outside of the bathroom, and the bathroom only contains a toilet and shower/bath...which may be crowded for a family of 4, but is perfectly fine for the lone business traveler.  They provide you with the typical Hyatt Portico Spa brand toilettries.  The bed was comfortable and the temperature of the room is controlled via a digital keypad.    The fitness center is relatively small, but has enough cardio equipment to squeeze a run in...besides, it's not the brightest idea to run outside in the Phoenix heat in June. This is not a 5 star hotel by any means, but it is not meant to be.  It's utilitarian for the business or leisure traveler.  Plus,  I always think it's funny that a lot of the higher-end hotels that I stay at while on vacation routinely charge you for Wi-Fi/Internet access and never give you a free breakfast...but both are offered gratis at the Hyatt Place.  So kudos to Hyatt Place for accomodating the business traveler.  The hotel was pretty empty during my stay, which leads to the only downfall of the Hyatt Place Mesa.  This hotel is about 20 minutes away from the airport and is tucked behind the gigantic Bass Pro Shop and Mall right off the 202 highway, so you pretty much need a car to get to anything around the area.  It is a little off the beaten path, but what you get in return makes up for that.  Plus, being this far away from the airport, you never hear the roar of those annoying airplanes.   Friendly staff, prompt check-in, free Wi-Fi, free breakfast, free parking, business center, comfortable rooms that are very, very clean, and a 42" flat panel when you just need to kick back after a busy day and unwind by squeezing in a little ESPN Sportscenter before bed.  I'd definitely come back to this hotel.
4	The previous reviewer did a good job going into detail. I just wanted to add that this was probably the nicest Hyatt Place I've been to. It's larger than most, almost brand new and in a great location near a very nice mall and next to a highway (the 202) that runs right by the airport. Despite being near the new mall, the location was surprisingly quiet. I have been staying at a lot of Hyatt Places lately and was getting tired of the brand (too much of a good thing) but this one felt different and I'd definitely stay here again.
1	I tried to rent the meeting rooms 1 & 2 for a 30th birthday event.  I sent an email to Beverly someone.  She emailed me back a week later asking for my phone number again.  I gave it to her.   No response.  Then I called and left a message.  No response.  I called again a week later.   No call back for 4 days.  She told me she would check and see if the rooms were available for the days I needed and get back to me within 24 hours.  No call back ever.   This place has terrible customer service and no way would I ever go there again.
5	I travel to the Mesa area frequently for work and after a wonderful experience with the Hyatt Place in Plantation, FL I knew I would get a comfortable nights sleep here as well.  It did not disappoint.  Hyatt bought out AmeriSuites a few years ago and redid all of them before opening up as Hyatt Place.  The Mesa location is unique in that it is completely brand new.  The staff is absolutely wonderful, many times delivering my meal to my room even though that is not part of their services.  It is near a major freeway, but I've never heard a peep.  The gym is nice, clean, machines have always been working.  I really could go on and on about this place; it's one of my favorites!
5	This hotel is awesome! Stayed here for a wedding, rate of $85/night. Included comp breakfast, free wifi, awesome pool, apples in the afternoon, free internet workstations, 24 hr Starbucks, friendly staff, free golfcart transportation to the shopping areas nearby. The rooms were awes, clean, well decorated. Love it! Will def stay here again. I even used the gym which while small, has excellent equipment. If you really want a more fancier one, they have a deal for $10 you can go to the local 24 hour fitness.
4	Great hotel.  Super clean.   Very good price.
5	I've stayed at several hotels in the Hyatt Place chain and they are all great, but this one in particular stands out as having the friendliest, most helpful staff.
5	As a business traveler, this hotel checked all the boxes...central location, clean, free wifi, free breakfast, gym and spacious rooms. What puts this hotel in the five star category was the staff. They were superlative - friendly, helpful, and genuinely nice people. Jim, the guy who works at night, was particularly awesome. I've stayed at hotels all over the world and these guys really rocked on customer service. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone needing a place in Phoenix - business or leisure. You'll love it.
5	If you are thinking about booking a room at the Hyatt Place in Mesa, stop reading this review and book it RIGHT MEOW! I booked this hotel after seeing good reviews here and on trip advisor, and finding a good package deal with flight and rental car from Allegiant. After arriving in Mesa from Wichita this afternoon, my husband and I were pretty tired and stressed. Walking into our room, the tension was instantly relieved. If we were to design a hotel room ourselves, this would be pretty damn close. Let's run down the highlights: dry bar with mini fridge and single cup coffee maker, desk with office chair and lamp right next to the data hub which you can use to plug your laptop into the tv (squeeee), swiveling enormous flat screen tv, separate sectional in 'living room' area that feels like being at home, good quality bedding, separate vanity outside bathroom that includes bathtub shower combo (I had wondered about this), digital thermostat to control room temp, power outlets galore, and lovely mid-century modern design that marries cozy with clean and sleek. Pictures provided by the hotel website and other yelpers are very accurate. The only negative I have noticed so far are the usual scratchy towels hotels provide, but for me this was easily forgiven. It is obvious this room was desgined with guests in mind. Every inch of the oversized room is utilized in a productive way, making it feel more like a small but functional studio apartment than a hotel room. However, this hotel is really what you see is what you get, there is no room service, though there are a variety of sandwiches, appetizers, snacks and pastries available for purchase in the lobby and they do provide a free continental breakfast. There is a pool and a small gym area but no spa or resort like amenities. If you are like me though and just want a clean, comfy and quiet room with tech friendly perks, this is as good as it gets.
5	If you've stayed at a couple Hyatt Place hotels, you know they are all pretty much the same.  This one is just a little bit better.  The pool is trippy with it's color changing lights, and more bar room with a couple TVs.
5	Clean,comfortable, very friendly staff.  Lots of Tv's everywhere. Rooms are quiet and well appointed.  Nice free breakfast, yummy cookies at the 24 hour cafe.  I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  Wow.
5	Amazing hotel. Large rooms with desk, mini bar and fridge, LARGE couch, and comfortable bed! Great staff as well.
5	I have stayed in many high-end hotels, some many times more pricey than the Hyatt Place in Mesa, but I have really enjoyed my three stays at this hotel.  Really great value and very nice people managing it.  The breakfast set-up is fast and efficient, too.
5	Best value for your money,   Clean, comfy beds.  Quite.  Great breakfast that is included.
5	A very comfortable hotel. It was convenient and affordable.  We enjoyed the complimentary breakfast in the morning.  I highly recommend this hotel in Mesa AZ
4	One of the best Hyatt Place hotels I've stayed at. Clean, comfortable and friendly, accommodating staff. They even have a putting green (that I didn't get to use)! Centrally located near the Bass Outdoor Superstore & Mall, near the 202 and 101 freeways. However, they could maybe upgrade their breakfast service a bit. Will come back, excellent value.
4	Nice, clean property, with better than average appointments!! The staff is LOVELY, and I'm talking about the way they treat the guests. Very personal and make you very comfortable. Not a full service hotel , but, so much better than the other brands version of this offering. Free breakfast everyday. They term it continental, it's a lot more than that, but, not a full buffet. Still, hot and cold cereals, fruit, yogurt bar, bagels, pastries, toast, breakfast sandwiches and either waffles or french toast. Juices, coffee, milk, and it was all fresh. Full bar, a dessert bar. Pool was pretty, workout room. Free shuttle service in a 5 mile radius. What it doesn't have and it wasn't a big deal to me: No store, no room service.
4	The Hyatt Place is actually one of my favorite hotels.  This one is in a great location-next to Walmart, Bass Pro Shop, Chilis, Cracker and Barrel and a ton more.  The rooms are big, open, and the whole theme is a bold modern clean.  I am in favor of staying here but there's a few things they could step up.  The complimentary breakfast involves bitter fruit, stale bagels, and that kind of bread that resembles cheap stock toilet paper.  There are hot breakfast sandwiches that seem to be a simple and popular choice-though I can't say since I passed (not a fan of egg).  Ill just say its fine if you're too lazy to step around the block but if you want some good fare-be ready to do so.  I had another food disappointment our first night; I ordered chicken tortilla soup and was told it'd be 3-5 minutes. 15 minutes later I got chicken noodle soup with two tortilla CHIPS planted on the top.  I was too fatigued to combat the issue since it wasn't an error, I was the only person, the only order, and the chips were a clear indication that the mock soup was delivered in the hopes it wouldn't be an issue.  On the bright side, the chicken noodle was pretty good!  The housekeeping staff is really friendly! The front desk staff is absurdly robot-friendly, which is certainly preferred vs attitude or surly folks.  On our 3rd day here I had the bacon-cheddar burger, and it was awesome.  All in all, a great stay with a few misses on the food.  Also, put-put in the back!  LOVE IT!
5	I stayed here the night before I was to run the 2013 Phoenix Marathon (which conveniently ends right next door and the buses to take you to the starting line are also in front of the hotel). The staff are the most helpful hotel personnel I have ever met. The food and the accommodations were great. It was a perfect place to get a really nice rest before a grueling 26.2 mile run. Word to wise, if you have two or three people and they don't mind sleeping near one another just get a room with a king or queen. The rooms come with an enormous couch that can sleep one person easily.
5	Absolutely amazing hotel for the price.  The rooms are large.  The amenities were terrific.  We stayed there for the Phoenix marathon.  The price was $150 a night. Considering they were one of the marathon hotels they had a lot of people there and they handled it amaizngly well.
4	Very clean and modern, safe area.  Pleasant front desk staff, called me after check-in to make sure all was ok.  Detached sitting area, fridge, spacious, big TV.Negatives:  Strange thermostat, hard to figure out, and the usual lame Arabica Hyatt in room coffee.Not on older car GPS software, as it is a newer hotel, so beware if you are driving and have an older car, can be tricky to get to unless you know where you are going.When I woke at 7AM on a Sunday it was very quiet and I was surprized at how peaceful it was, unlike weekend Embassy Suites, but then very shortly thereafter I heard kids running up and down the hall and mirthfully screaming in Spanish.  There was a congregation of seven people loudly chatting, also in Spanish,  in the hall who seemed to deliberately get even louder when I stuck my head out to see what the commotion was about.  I suppose I cannot blame the hotel for the rudeness of its family-oriented clientele, however, as this is a universal problem in cheaper hotels with large rooms and extra sleeping areas.  Perhaps a check-in written discrete request to guests asking them to respect quiet hours would be in order? ( I know, wishful thinking).
5	Location is closed to everything and this place is great! I would highly recommend this place!
4	This is my employer's choice hotel because it's close to the office we have out in Tempe and I had a great experience on my recent stay here. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The free breakfast downstairs is much better than most places. More than just pastries. They've got breakfast sandwiches, lots of fruit, oatmeal, muffins, cereal, juice, and delicious coffee. The king room was very spacious and comfortable. I never heard other guests and judging by the parking lot, the hotel was pretty full. I'll definitely be staying here again in the future!
5	I am currently staying here with my husband.  The room is beautiful, the bed is very comfy, and the staff is superb!  I would recommend it to anyone!
1	Horribly disorganized customer service. The rooms are nice, however the reservation and front desk do not know what they are doing or understand their own company policies. They made a mistake on our reservation related to payment method which left a number of people stranded for some time. The front desk was rude, unhelpful, unapologetic and not accommodating at all.
5	Recently we had the opportunity to cover the Hyatt Place Phoenix/Mesa hotel. The hotel is located in the Mesa Riverview Shopping Center which provides guests with tons of shopping, dining and entertainment options such as the Cinemark Cinemas and Toby Keith's I love This Bar and Grill.The hotel is very warm and inviting and this was evident from the very speedy check in and our room which was available to us almost 90 minutes earlier than the anticipated 3:00 PM check in time.Our room was a spacious suite that came with a king sized bed which overlooked the pool area.A large and comfy couch with an Ottoman and partial divider divided the suite which also featured a work desk, free Wi-Fi, a mini fridge, and coffee maker.A 42 inch flat screen television was a nice touch and having 41 stations including HBO gave us plenty of viewing options. The hotel also offered first run movies, adult and family movies, as well as music and on demand entertainment options for an additional fee.The entertainment console also had a connection area where guests could connect their gaming consoles, laptops, and projectors to the television should they wish to play games, watch movies, or make a presentation in their room.The staff was very helpful and friendly and not only answered our questions and addressed our needs whenever they arose, but also engaged us and other quests in conversations during our stay.The hotel offers a complimentary breakfast which included milk, juice, coffee, tea, breakfast sandwiches, pancakes, French Toast, cereals, yogurts, fruit, and breads, as well as some very good oatmeal. The hotel also has a nice assortment of salads, snacks, sandwiches, and drinks that are available from their Gran and Go area, and quests can enjoy a range of drinks, sandwiches, appetizers, and other options 24/7 from the Gallery Menu.The hotel offers free papers during the week, and for guests on the go, a selection of sundries such as toothpaste, razors and other toiletries are available free of charge.The pool area is very enjoyable as not only does it have a pool and Jacuzzi, but there is a big screen television that retracts allowing guests to cool off in the pool and still watch the big games.At night the area comes alive in a light show as the pool area is decorated with a kaleidoscopic light display.For those wanting a more intense workout, the hotel offers a gym that allows for guests to get any form of exercise that they wish.For those wanting something less aerobic, the hotel offers a putting area where guests can borrow clubs and balls to practice their putting.The hotel was an ideal place to work and relax as we were able to get our work done while watching the days football games without any noise or other distractions. After a day of work, we went out to the nearby offerings, many of which are within walking distance and enjoyed some of the dining and shopping options that were offered.The hotel is located close to Sky Harbor Airport as well as several of the area malls and attractions due to the close proximity of the freeway.If your looking for a great place to stay on business or pleasure or to mix it up with a nice weekend away, the hotel is a perfect place for all of your needs. We cover many hotels as part of our work and I can honestly tell you that this was one of the cleanest and nicest hotels we have covered and the staff and service were first rate.We look forward to a future visit as it was a great place to mix work and pleasure and relax.You can get more information and book your reservations at ..http://phoenixmesa.place.hyatt.com/en/hotel/home.html
4	Awesome hotel!The check-in experience was fast and easy. The rooms are awesome; frig, sitting area, very nice HDTV, and comfy bed.Very good, free breakfast + espresso drinks!The pool is beautiful with a large screen TV for viewing baseball playoffs in the nice evening!If I needed to stay in the area, I'd stay here again without a doubt!
4	This hotel was great.  New facility. Extremely friendly staff. Great rooms flat screen tvs.  Gym pool spa.  A great breakfast daily included.  Try the yogurt it was my favorite. Also they will drive you anywhere in 5 mike radius for free. Which includes mill av (part street of the world) I had a great stay and will be returning again next year.
3	It took a few months but management did address the issue.
4	I LOVE this hotel and the staff! When I come back to the Phoenix area, I will stay at the Hyatt Place again and again They have shuttle and will take you to Casino Arizona or to Main and Sycamore light rail and bus stop. I'm NOT a big fan of their breakfast!!
5	This hotel is the kind where after staying, you are looking for an excuse to come back and stay again.Quality, quality, quality, quality. That about sums up this hotel. You wonder why it has such a high Yelp and TripAdvisor rating? Because this hotel is that good. The moment you walk in the door to the lobby you can tell.Personnel: 5 starsFrom the first moment we checked in to when we left, every person on staff was friendly, acknowledged us, and was helpful. Everyone smiled and said hello. Everyone. The front desk, the breakfast ladies, the housekeeping staff--all smiled and said a greeting. What? You LIKE working here?Location: 5 starsThe Hyatt is located right next to/is part of the Mesa Riverview Park shopping open air complex. Department stores, lots of restaurants, Walmart, Bass Pro Shop, professional services, specialty shops--you're all set. Even though the Hyatt is part of the complex, you would never know in the hotel that you were.This Hyatt is also close to several attractions. We personally went to Papago Park which has the Phoenix Zoo, The Desert Botanical Gardens, Papago Golf Course, the Municipal Park for the Oakland A's training. This is a 15 minute drive or less from the hotel. 15 to 20 minutes away is Piestewa Peak, great for a vigorous hike with great sights of the city. And there are more. This is a nice home base location for Phoenix, Mesa, Tempe, and Scottsdale.Facilities: 5 starsThe lobby is comfortable. There is a two computer workplace. Wifi is free with a clear and strong signal. 9 hole putting green. Exercise room. Swimming pool and jacuzzi. There is a handicapped assist lift for the pool and the jacuzzi. Plush towels for the pool. Others said there is a TV there, but I did not check that out.There is a bar that is open all night where you can also order food. There is no room service, but you can order and pick it up. Alas, they do not have trays to carry your food back to your room so it is a juggling act or have others help carry it to the room. The menu is nice, though, and reasonably priced for hotels.The halls are not narrow. Exit signs posted at crawl level in case of fire.Two elevators reduce waiting time.Free Breakfast: 4+ starsHot skillet items. A type of egg on a muffin with different varieties each day. With basil or cheese or onion, or bell pepper or ham, etc. Actually tasty and not like an Egg McMuffin, thank goodness. Also alternating with pancakes or French toast. Plenty of drinks, cereals, tasty pastries, bread, muffins, oatmeal, fruit.The breakfast area was really nice. Like a restaurant, not like an after-thought space or room like most hotels serve their breakfasts in. The dishes were all plastic, but designed to look like glass and porcelain so it still looked classy without the breakage safety issues. All the utensils were heavy duty, nothing cheap.Rooms: 5 starsWe had a corner room with a King size bed. It had a living area built-in with a sleeper sofa, a love seat, and an ottoman. A nice 47" LCD LD flat screen TV with remote. This was mounted on a station so that you could plug in your own device (Bluray player, laptop, etc.) with an HDMI cable, 15-pin video cable, RCA cables, miniplug audio cables, and power. Easy switches, too. Really nice. Bring your favorite gaming platform and go for it.All of the doors, the room door and the closet door were impressively thick and heavy. The walls must have been well insulated and thick because we heard nothing from anyone or anything at all during our three-day stay.The beds were comfortable and gave a good night sleep. The room temperature was controlled by a thermostat.There was free coffee and tea. A refrigerator. No microwave, you would have to use the one down at the bar. Drawers for your clothes was next to the refrigerator and was below the counter space where the coffee maker was. There were only three drawers. We managed, but it would be nicer if there were more drawers in the room.The bathroom was nice and not cramped with enough space. The towels were full sized, but not the most plush I've ever experienced at a hotel. Plenty of hot water, was never an issue. Nice enough shower head and a curved curtain rod to give more room. Quality complimentary shampoos, conditioners, soaps, lotions, etc.The room had two windows, which made for nice daytime light and a good view.Very comfortable and enjoyable room.Price: 5 starsThe price was a steal. Especially since this is the busy season for Arizona. Could not believe the price I got on this through their website. Hotels.com, Expedia, etc. all had the same price as they. The rate was the same for this 3 star category hotel as it was for a 2 star hotel.We loved our stay!
5	Surprisingly welcoming. On the pics it does not give this place justice. Came in for a wedding and the staff was great to us. The room seemed like and upgrade and I was happy to be staying there for such a great value.
2	Pros:The grounds of this place are nice. The pool is heated. The putting green is a nice touch. The rooms are decently sized, and the cleaning staff was very friendly/hardworking. Cons: The lights by the pool at night extremely obnoxious. It is very peaceful to sit out by the pool at night, however the lights make me feel like I'm at a rave. It rotates from blue to green to red to pink! So annoying. The staff is pretty rude about it, too. When we asked about it the girl said that it added "ambiance" ha! If I wanted to sit by a pool and have lights flashing all around me, I would get a room in Vegas or Old Town! It got so bad that we had to leave the pool and go hang out in the room, which is a major buzzkill when it's 75 and perfect outside!This isn't the Hyatt Bar and Nightclub, it's Hyatt Place. Wake up!
3	Fair
5	Very impressed with the overall feel of the hotel. The rooms were very roomy and the staff is top notch. We will definitely be coming back.
5	I am in AZ on business several times a month. This is a very friendly comfortable efficient operation. I love the staff. The rooms are quiet and well furnished. There is a tasteful lobby area in which to meet clients and discuss business. The restaurant is great and there is an attached Starbucks.
5	Well kept, modern, great value. Workout room, pool an free breakfast were super. Good access to Phoenix via local roads. Would definitely stay there again
5	I'm not sure if this is my first hotel review but this has to be one of my favorite hotels. I got humble roots so I am wow-ed by the St. Regis' Astor Suites and bored by the stuffiness of the Ritz Carltons. I sorta want a hotel to look like what I remember hotels to be: like a Howard Johnson's from Mad Men sherbet scene but not so orange. So this place looks like what I conceive a hotel to be but for some reason, the rooms are ABSURDLY spacious. It's like a suite at the Venetian, probably bigger but with a bunch of space, designated work desks, designated sitting area, and a nice designated area shielded away for the bed. And a generic shower & bathroom designed for utility alone. It was absolutely not what I was expecting. The place is super clean too. Check-in and check-out, a breeze. The flat screens by the elevators had some satisfaction guarantee thing going on with an agenda to be the best Hyatt Place in America or whatever... I'm not sure how it stacks up with other Hyatt Places but if all Hyatt Places are created equal then I'm switching my SPG allegiances. Stay here in Arizona, it's a 5 min drive away from the big cities and it is a solid, solid hotel.
5	Love Hyatt Place hotels.  I mean, you definitely get what you pay for here.Clean and comfortable rooms and excellent staff.The breakfast was pretty good too!They also honor a govt rate if traveling for buainess (military)
5	Office lunch. Very expensive but good.
4	By appearance, this looks like a top-notch Holiday Inn. But arrival into the room proves to be just another typical failure to go the distance. I was in Mesa, AZ for a business conference at McCormick Place. I had stayed at another hotel for 2 out of my 3 nights in Mesa, AZ. My husband had arrived into town, also for work purposes, on the 3rd night. Rather than stay in two separate hotels, I checked out of mine, and checked into his. I regretted that I didn't suggest he not check-in at Holiday Inn and just join me at my hotel. Holiday Inn always seems to take short-cuts. I had already crossed Holiday Inn off my list in summer of '12  after a 'nail in the coffin' Holiday Inn experience. This one night proved it needs to stay on the 'off list'.
