2	I came in on a weekday basically just to alleviate my curiosity and to maybe get some ideas for furniture to fill up my brand new home. I walked into the showroom and was immediately "hunted down". The guy who helped me was very nice but was obviously trying to get a sale. I told him multiple times I was just looking but he proceeded to follow me around and collect my information. I did see some very nice things but way out of my budget! I was hoping prices were a little more reasonable, as this store is new to Arizona, but we're talking thousands of dollars for a couple sofas. The salesman told me these stores are super well known in Texas and throughout the South and apparently "the best there is". I walked through the dining table area and did like a couple tables. When I asked if anything came in black, the salesman ran around trying to "get some answers" but found out that nothing comes in black. I am surprised that a furniture store of this "quality" has no dining tables in black! When I asked about the financing options, I also wasn't impressed by what I heard. Many competitors are offering no interest for 60 months...they don't. For the "quality", I just can't fathom spending this much money on something that isn't super high end or more well known.
3	Made a quick appliance purchase and paid hundreds less than expected. They have typical pricing, but the occasional irresistable deal. One criticism I have is the pushiness of the sales people. They make no bones about the fact that they work on commission and remind you constantly. They try to guilt you a little due to business being slow since they opened, and if you don't give them a good review on the satisfaction survey, they will be "on the chopping block."
1	Where do I begin.... I don't usually write reviews, but I want to warn people before then spend here. When I first went to Conn's I knew exactly what I wanted/needed, a new Mattress & TV. I walked in and tried out a few mattresses, and quickly found what I wanted. I waited about 15 minutes for someone to assist me. When I finally reached a sales rep, she came over and kept trying to convince me to get the most expensive bed in the entire showroom. When I asked her the difference between the bed I liked and the one she was trying to sell me, her response was "I don't know, it's just really nice". My mother, who was shopping with me at the time, showed interested in the more expensive bed and the sales rep said to me "well maybe you should take your mom's old bed and she can buy this one" (I'm an adult, mind you). I should've walked out at that point... After shopping, I tell her to cash out my purchase and the process took forever on their extremely old and out-dated computer system. The sales rep told me that Conn's would remove my old mattress and move old my bedframe to my garage for free. She also gave me a rebate for my delivery charge. Here comes the nightmare.....Sunday 2 men came to my home to deliver the mattress. I told them what needed to be moved before the mattress was set up. They go downstairs, bring in the mattress through my front door and slide it across my floor, with no one guiding it, knock down and break 3 candle holders. Then, when they moved my wood bedframe, they yanked the top of the frame from the base, causing the bed frame to completely come apart. After breaking two items, these men were still rushing through my house acting like they had no care for my personal space. As they're setting up the frame for the new mattress, one of the workers swings the bed rails out of the box and break my ceiling fan. His response was "oh, maintenance will fix that". I said, "this is a privately owned condo... there is no maintenance..." they never even apologized. My mattress they "removed" was found laying outside of the dumpster, in my condo's, in the middle of the street....1 month later.... I'm still waiting on Conn's to send me my money for the damages done to my home. I went back in forth with the delivery manager, she tried to tell me they're not responsible... but then realized they are after speaking with her supervisor. Oh and my "mail in rebate" was denied by corporate because it didn't meet the minimum purchase requirement of $499, even though the mattress I ordered is $1,200. I'm working to get that back as well. Long story short - don't shop here, it's a headache. The Roomstore and Ashley's provides great service and has a better selection, spend your money somewhere with quality.
1	No... just no. We're trying to find a few pieces of furniture and I was told by a friend to check this place out. We walk in and are attacked by a salesman. I tell him straight out we are ONLY looking. We will NOT be purchasing today. But still he follows us around like a puppy and then was telling us how he's new and he has to follow us but he doesn't want to be one of those pushy salesmen. Omg... just go away. Biggest turn off ever. Then he starts telling us his life story and too much information about his personal life. Wth? Dude, seriously, go away, I don't care about your back problems! We took one lap around that store with our new human-puppy-man and got the hell out of there. Never again. Never ever again.
1	I am very disappointed in my purchase. Low quality and over priced. They prey on people who cannot get credit elsewhere. Do not shop at Conns.
1	DO-NOT come here. WORST place ever. RUN-RUN fast! I been waiting ONE year to get my furniture fixed. I made my payments on time yet getting service done FORGET ABOUT IT! not happening they transfer you and transfer you and well it's a never ending cycle. The wait, well that's about 1hr or more....IF they say someone will contact you. Please don't hold your breath. DID I MENTION they will take money out of your account even though I did NOT authorize it. Yeah, funny how I been waiting a year to get my crap fix but nothing, sure enough they are QUICK to take your money, they will review their recording to see if 'I' "authorize it" well, I think I would know if I said YES go ahead I'm going to pay you even though my crap has NOT been fixed! when it's been reviewed I will get my money back in 5 days. Sure as heck didn't take themFIVE days to take it! Their 'managers' are worthless.... I really regreat coming here! These people sure as heck have no Idea who they messed with, I will have my husband job with a camera at their corporate office for a consumer affair story! They would LOVE this story!
1	I typically do not write reviews of companies online, but I wish that I had read these before purchasing from Conns. I do not want to reiterate what everyone else has already said, but the service is awful. I actually had a good sales rep at the store, but the service after that was horrible. I could write a novel with what I went through with this store. They would schedule times to deliver, show up at different times, and leave notes on the door. They assembled my rocker/recliner wrong, and took them 4 tries to get out to the house to fix it. I was also given a rebate form and was told to fill it out for reimbursement for free delivery and installation on my microwave. It came back denied from their rebate department saying that it didn't meat the requirements. Called the sales rep, he said that he took care of it. A month passed and nothing. I then called the customer service number and was told that I had to contact the store, so I called thee store manager twice. He said that it didn't meet the requirements, and I told him that it did, and that there were even stickers on the microwaves stating "FREE INSTALLATION."He didn't know anything about that. He said that he would look into it, and never called back. Hence the second call. I then told him to have his manager call me, and he redirected me to the same customer service number that he already tried to do TWICE! I made the minimum purchase requirement and bought a microwave that had free installation on it, and they now will not honor it. I was not surprised to see the other lady's comments about the rebate hell she went through with them. I am like a dog with a bone, and will not give up if I have to go to the Attorney General. There was also some shady things that happened that I will not get into because I don't want to make allegations, but I would shop at a more reputable store. Their prices are fairly cheap, but so is their furniture. My pleather rocker/recliner was reasonable, but it is so cheap, that I'm surprised it has lasted a few months. Save yourself the headache and go elsewhere...trust me!
4	My first time coming into cons was a great experience. We were selling our house so we were looking for a living room set, wager and dryer and a mattress. The living room sets and mattresses are mor expensive compared to other stores so we didn't order that but they had a great deal on the washer and dryer set I really wanted. Marty was great. He explained everything to me and I gave he green light I go. We have 6 minuets till they couldn't get a ticket in because the store was closed. He got it done a minuet before and had our delivery set up for the Sunday that was coming up. I was so excited. I was supposed to get a call that Saturday night and didn't. I had to call them today(Sunday) and found out someone Keyed in my delivery date wrong. I was given the number to the warehouse and they apologized for the mistake and said they would be able to deliver it today but it would be later. I told them that is fine and that I just wanted the washer and dryer today. Bonnie was very polite and I was happy that they were able to get a resolution made for the mistake. Thank you Bonnie and Marty. Besides the mix up my experience with conns was great. If I ever needed something again and it is within my price range I will definitely come back.
5	Ok, I'm seriously baffled by the negative reviews. I went there last week with my spouse and we had an AMAZING experience. And, I'm kind of an opinionated person. We had a great sales rep, Kenny, who helped us from the minute we called on the phone. We were able to get awesome terms on a new computer, 12 months same as cash, and it wasn't hiked up like other similar places. Plus, they report to the credit agencies so it will improve our credit. We've referred a few friends since last week and they have all had great experiences! Don't let the negativity get in your way, def give them a chance. Ask for Kenny.
1	If you're interested in wasting a lovely Saturday afternoon with a LARGE group of skeeze-bags, then this is definitely the place for you. Not only will you be gawked at by the mouth-breathing salesmen, but you'll have the treat of being run in circles, hassled and treated like a complete f*cking moron. I just spent 4 hours in the god forsaken pit of doom with my family and will NEVER return. You couldn't pay me to shop there.  What a f***ing nightmare. thats my review.Never. Again. Period.
