5	I really like this place.  It's right off State Street and therefore very convenient for me (close to work), and everyone I've ever talked to - from the front desk clerk to the mechanics - is extremely friendly and personable.  They don't mind taking the time to show me exactly what repairs have been done, and to explain any issues with the car.  I recently had a faulty wheel bearing repaired, and when they fixed that they damaged the ABS sensor, which they told me about when I picked it up.  After waiting for it to jar back into place for a couple of days, I brought it back in and they fixed it - no hassle.  They'll call me if there's anything unusual with the car while they're working on it, and I think the prices are reasonable.  I probably could find a cheaper oil change in Madison, but I'm happy to pay a little more for the good service.Definitely call for an appointment before you go, because they do get booked up sometimes.  Also, don't be shy about parking your car any old place in their crammed little lot (except of course the garage entrance), even if you're blocking off a parked car.  They move the cars around frequently and share a lot with a little Avis car rental agency, so they'll move it after you go.  They're AAA certified, and also accredited with the BBB, with whom they have an A+ rating.
1	I went to Terry's today to replace a headlight in my car, an experience I didn't think would be too painful. I left $62 poorer, five and a half hours after I dropped my car off. I knew there would be trouble when the woman told me it would be around $50. When I explained I was used to paying $25, she said they charged more for labor than my small town repair shop. The $34 labor charge proved she wasn't lying.The best part is that I went to pick up my car only to discover my battery was dead, meaning I had to come back 40 minutes later to pick it up. They offered no compensation for my time, but in hindsight I guess I'm lucky they even offered to charge it.I won't be back.
5	We've been going to Terry's since we moved to Madison a little over a year ago.  The customer service from everyone we see there, from the front desk, manager, and mechanics has always been good.  They always let us know if there is anything they come across when they are fixing a problem and tell us if it's an urgent fix or not.  They never tried to up sell any repairs on us and I like that they have the courtesy to let us know what else is going on with the car.  On the few occasions that we have needed to leave our car there for a day or two they have always given us a ride home after dropping the car off and picked us up when it was time to pick up the car!  Right now we have a flat tire that will need to be repaired, or we may have to get a new tire, we don't know yet.  But we are confident that they will be honest on the advice they give us when we get the car down there.
4	Rebecca has always been super nice, and gets me in quickly. It's really conveniently located downtown/campus area for those who want to get their car repaired while at work without having to get a ride.I first went here because it had the tires I needed in stock (not typical). I went back several times for other new tires, and for another repair. I thought the price was reasonable, and they didn't try to upsell me. However, one time I left my car there all day for a new tire, and when I came back at the end of the day, I still had to wait 30 minutes for them to finish up. Not a big deal in all.
5	My wife and I have nothing but good things to say about Terry's.  We've taken our car in for a few minor repairs and they've been courteous, quick, and professional every time.  Neither of us knows very much about cars and Terry's never makes us feel stupid or makes any attempt to push us into unneeded repairs.  On the contrary, they've recommended NOT doing several things we've asked about, which shows that they are honest and decent people.  I would highly recommend them.
5	I would highly recommend this place to anyone! I only had one day to get my abs sensor fixed prior to leaving town and they made it happen!! Very thorough and friendly providing you will all the options available and also what is necessary at the moment. Very reasonable pricing and were not pushy at all never felt like I was talking to a salesman. I did not encounter any  rude behavior because I am a woman which I highly respect due to how rare of a quality that is. If your looking for a great place to get some work done or even an oil change Terry's is the place to go!!
5	We've been to Terry's twice now, and both times I've been very impressed. Their service is quick, their prices are VERY fair, and their employees are super friendly! This last time we were in was for tire problems, and when we picked it up we told them we didn't have a tire pressure gauge. The employee helping us said we should monitor the pressure, so he looked around for one and gave it to us for free! Having a car in downtown Madison can be a real pain, so I'm thrilled to have such a great repair shop within walking distance. Five stars for sure!
1	Put simply, the owner is miserable to deal with. He doesn't seem to have a great deal of respect for women either.  My wife and I tried to rectify a mistake made by a Terry's mechanic with the owner (Will Sparks). Upon visiting the shop to do this, Will lacked the decency, courtesy and/or professionalism to shake my wife's hand, look her in the eye during our conversation, or simply say "hello" to her upon our arrival. Oddly enough, he had no difficulty shaking my hand or looking me in the eye. I had previously interacted with Will while picking up a vehicle before, not knowing that he was actually the owner of Terry's Car Care. During that visit (earlier this summer), Will took the liberty of sharing a joke that began with: "We like to say if it has tits or tires..." (You should call him and ask for the rest of the joke, because I stopped listening.) Long story short (and it would be a very long story), we are done with Terry's. Will was unable to do the right thing and pay for the damages caused by the erroneous repair performed by one of his employees. Aside from the misogynistic behavior, he is quite possibly the most rude and manipulative human being I have dealt with in any walk of customer service. Terry's actually charges more than each of the two dealerships we have since had services performed at (timing belts, alignments and oil changes). You're not getting any sort of deal having your repairs done here. Go elsewhere!
5	So incredible! I asked a couple questions and they were so good at explaining the why of each question I had. When I was unsure, they gave me several options and were thrilled to help me with whatever I option I chose. They even gave me a "homemade" fix for my radio for free when I wasn't ready to pay for the costly fix!I will definitely be returning with all my car needs and can't believe it took me so long to find Terry's!
4	They do auto repair the old school, trustable and respectable way. Fair business and treat customers well.
1	My original review is published below, but please make sure to read the update as well.*UPDATE** Today I received in the mail the most aggressive letter I've ever received, hand signed by Mr. Will C Sparks himself. This is in response to some negative feedback I gave to AAA on their survey, essentially the same as what I wrote below. A few highlights from the letter: "I am so concerned we can't meet your expectations of customer service I made a note in your customer profile so we can decline to service your vehicle should you accidentally call us again." and "Instead of being happy you received services discounted over $200 you complain...we call customers like you "Someone Else's' customer". So, instead of taking customer feedback to improve and being appreciative for it, the President of Terry's will send you a personalized attack letter. IS THIS REALLY WHERE YOU WANT YOUR CAR SERVICED? ----------- ----------- [Original Review]I give them a two because at the end of the day a $20 oil change (they had a special) is pretty good and the guys were quite friendly when I called. They have the customer service part down. HOWEVER, the rest of my experience there would lead me to not go back. As a part of the oil change special they also did a bunch of free inspections (i.e. ways to find other things to get you to pay for). With my car they found three things. The windshield wipers were indeed bad, so I had them replaced for about $30, which I was fine with, though the replacements they put on seem a bit flimsy. But, the other two were ridiculous. Worse of the two was them telling me my taillight was out and it would be $35 to replace the bulb. First of all, that's a crazy high price, but worse yet is that there was NOTHING wrong with my taillight! There is a wiring problem, so since the summer my car's dashboard keeps saying the taillight is out, but if they took the two seconds to actually check if the light was working or not as I did later that night, they would've seen there was no problem. The fact that they just saw the message and were going to charge me $35 to fix a non-existent problem really irritates me. The second thing they said was that my brakes were 90% worn down and I should shell out $1,000 (!!!) to have them exchanged. I don't really see an issue with my brakes now, and from the research I've done it should not cost 1 grand to replace brakes. I think their laziness on the brake light is what is going to keep me from coming here again, no matter their deal on oil changes. They are clearly not above the "charge people for whatever you can get away with" mentality of many auto mechanics. I've had a great experience with American Auto on the East Side, I'll be bringing my car there if I need something again.
1	They'll fix your car, but they'll charge you more than other places and won't give you a quote until your car is in their shop. Also tried to upsell me on literally everything in my car including things I had replaced or fixed 6 months or a year ago (brake pads). Seems like a sketchy establishment, I'd look elsewhere.
5	Will (the owner since Terry retired) is pretty great, both as a mechanic and nice to talk with to pass the time. They always road-test your car before giving it back, giving you extra security that everything is set and working right (catching things that other mechanics have missed). Once they replaced a very expensive part that wound up not fixing the obscure problem, they found out on the road test, and Terry's just didn't charge me anything for it. And they did fix it afterward, but that story has stuck with me.
5	I have had several experiences with Terry's.  I have had nothing but great experiences, as great as dealing with car issues can be.  I have literally had my car in for all sorts of issues and they have worked with me through all of the issues.  They even dealt with communicating to my dad, who is in WA and is very particular about how my car is fixed.  They did deal directly with me for the majority of the issues and never did I get the sense that they just wanted to take advantage of me or anything.  Prices have always be comparable, if not less than competitors.  And usually, the issues they find, have been suggested by other places prior to me going to Terry's.  Everything seems to check out and my car is running great!  Knock on wood...
