4	Sonic used to have a lot more food items on their menu. These days they're focusing mainly on the drinks. Which is fine by me. Milk shakes, slushes, limeades, and more. A few burgers and snacks round out the menu. Service is always on the slower side here, but the car hops are always friendly and will even come back and check on you later. Plus they have a happy hour every day, with buy one get one drinks. I've never been a fan of the burgers, but the toaster sandwich is really good, and the tater tots are among the best.
5	My husband went there on the way home from work to get milkshakes. The super sweet cashier applied some kind of discount/promotion/coupon to our order without us even asking; we were completely unaware of the promotion. Very sweet of her!
5	Come here often late night when Rudy is working. By far the best employee here or at any other establishment. Always very nice & gets my order quickly.
4	It's always time for a cherry limeade! This location has been great for me so far! I mostly visit for the drink specials and treats, but I will enjoy the good fast food sometimes, too!   Favorite Snack: Route 44 Cherry Limeade and Jalepeno Poppers!
5	Yep, I am going to just freely give away a five star rating to a chain (a fast food chain nonetheless) and further diminish the credibility of my reviews (as if).This Sonic is our go to place when we want a quick and easy dinner or breakfast. It has been somewhat of our tradition having their breakfast burrito, cheese tots, and a java chiller on a lazy Sunday morning. There are evenings when we just pick up a mash up of different offerings for dinner: cheese tots, 5 pc chicken tender, mozza sticks, and a grilled chicken sandwich to share. The prices are reasonable, the food quality above par in the fast food (possibly other Sonics) realm, and the staff is always extremely polite. Our order has never been screwed up, and that is very important to us because my husband has a strong aversion to certain ingredients.What started as a convenience grew into a weekend tradition for us.
3	Decent service but extremely slow when there's a few customers. Good food at a good price would definitely recommend the cheesy bacon pretzel dog.
2	We go here all the time but this might be the last. We went to the drive thru and ended up waiting 10 minutes when there was only one person in front of us and for the second time the drink tasted horrible. All it tastes like alka seltzer which I know I didn't order, I'm just warning you, I'm tired of this place messing up
4	There is something to be said about seeing a carhop on rollerskates.... It makes me think of when I was younger and visited my very first Sonic. I remember looking with awe and envy at the beautiful carhops, because I hadn't learned to skate yet. Almost instantly my insecurities were hushed with my very first Cherry Lime-ade. That kick in the mouth is what keeps me coming back again and again. This Sonic may not be the smae as the one in my hometown, but it is up to snare. The service is fast, friendly and always on wheels.
