4	Great place to get Cleaning Products, Cards, Candy, Energy drinks, they also have e everything you need for a Party !    Love the Dollar Tree, this location is very clean, also.
3	It's the closest dollar store to our neighborhood, so we come here frequently.  There's not many dollar stores in Scottsdale, so it's nice to have one close.  We drop in here to pick up cleaning supplies, candy, and other random stuff we don't want to pay a fortune for.  In today's economic climate, you have to save pennies where you can.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dollar-tree-store-3639-scottsdale?select=r3WXRlm4TSLD2nz_UniQxQ#r3WXRlm4TSLD2nz_UniQxQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dollar-tree-store-3639-scottsdale?select=6Thjihuv3nw1C2kMhAkQZA#6Thjihuv3nw1C2kMhAkQZAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dollar-tree-store-3639-scottsdale?select=hsmjCTApJB-Fhl6lOOn6xg#hsmjCTApJB-Fhl6lOOn6xgThe store doesn't get too busy, like other stores of this type.  The people here are friendly.  The only downside to this store is that it's much smaller than most dollar stores.  I can live with that in exchange for the convenience.Return Factor - 90%
4	I can't believe all the different types of items that are stuffed into this store. They have soda and mondos for the kiddies. All kinds of candy (I've been known to grab an Almond Joy every once in awhile), cookies, fiddle faddle, popcorn and assorted salsas, pastas etc. If you need  mardi gras masks and beads, they have that too. All kinds of seasonal stuff, gift bags, paper plates, serving spoons. It goes on and on. There was even a kit that increases your pants size by an inch; no sewing was required. They have tools, flashlights, detergent, shampoo, toothpaste, drinking glasses, school supplies, and toys. I bet a lot of last minute Santas would love this place for gifts and stocking stuffers. It was a madhouse during the weekend before Christmas. You name it, they probably have it. It's amazing all the Sku's that they carry at a Dollar Tree Store.And the most amazing thing is everything is a dollar. My wife bought 12 items here last week and the total was $12 dollars plus tax.
4	Interior monolog:"This isn't as great a Dollar Tree as the big one way out in Mesa.""Hmmm... that stacking toy game shaped like chairs would give me a whole restaurant's worth of dollhouse chairs for a buck.""It's kind of a SMALL Dollar Tree.""Wait, it has the 8x8 size brownie mix that Safeway never carries any more.""Even the Dollar Tree on Thomas seems more spacious.""Holy crap -- eye shadow kits. In really nice colors."Nine bucks later, I think there also might have been cat toys involved.This is a Very Scottsdale Dollar Tree, so it features carpeting, flatteringly dim lighting, and a sense of hush. The food section is substantially better than the one on Thomas, and housewares isn't bad -- it actually seems to be the Meaningless Tchotchke supply and maybe seasonal that got cut to fit the space. I would come back, if I ever manage to find it again.
3	As a frequent shopper at Dollar Tree stores, I must say that I like this one the least. They are always running out of stuff that other dollar trees have in stock and when you ask an employee (if you can find one) they aren't really that eager to help you. I'd much rather shop at the Fountain Hills location.
5	So clean and organized! Super friendly staff too!!!
