2	The clothes, etc, are nice but the people who work here are so snotty!  I just want to say to them, "You're in Madison, Wisconsin.  This is not Rodeo Drive or Fifth Avenue.  Drop the attitude."  I don't need to be treated like scum when I'm out to spend money -- I'll avoid this store from now on.
5	The lady below must have been in on an off day.   I hope she gives them another shot because I've been shopping here for years without an issue.   Whenever I shop here they are very friendly and helpful to me.  I am always greeted, let alone to roam around and browse (no pressure sales pitch), and they give me assitance if I need it.  I like this boutique and have some great pieces when I want to spoil myself.
3	I love this boutique. This is my one-stop shop for Longchamp bags - and we all know how much I love my Longchamps. (: I've also had a great time perusing all the clothing and accessories that they carry. Definitely a little out of my price range for now, but this is the one place in Madison where I can go once in a while to treat myself to something nice. (:However, I definitely agree with Sarah M. about the attitude of the employees. The few times that I've been in the store, I've gotten the feeling that I'm not taken very seriously because of my age. I've taken my friend shopping there a few times as well, and she's gotten the same vibe too. Otherwise, Karen&co is great, and this doesn't bother me enough to stop me from returning!
5	This is my favorite store in the whole world! I visit my sister a few times a year and even though I am from New York City, I ONLY SHOP IN MADISON. All of my clothes are from Karen & Co. It's such a treat to shop there. Any time I get a compliment and am asked where I shop, I say MADISON, WI!!!!
4	This place is great. Beautiful, high quality clothing and accessories, a clean and attractive store, excellent window displays, the list goes on. I've even gotten a few things here on sale before. They do have sales in between seasons. FYI- I would guess this store aims for the 35-50 year old woman as the target customer. I feel if I bought more than a few items from here that it would make me look older (I'm 26.)
