3	Been looking forward to visiting this resto in the Laval location with several friends since it was announced.Esthetically the place is very chic and warm.Visited the resto during lunch on a Tuesday and we ordered our respective meals quickly and efficiently. Our server Daniel was great. Super friendly and had plenty of time to chit chat with us. I had their Mongolian beef and it was DELICIOUS. I recommend this meal to anyone. Not spicy at all but will provide you a party of flavor in your mouth.Visited the site mere days later for a Saturday Night at 7 PM and it truly felt like I walked into a different resto. Firstly, their location makes parking a nightmare. I didn't opt for their valet parking which led me to look for parking for a quarter of an hour and a 10 minute walk. The next time, I'm definitely going to be taking their valet option for a few bucks.We made reservations for 6 at 7. They called earlier in the day to confirm. All was swell. We get there at 6:50, we're all there only to be given a pager and informed that they will page us when our "reservation" is ready. Ridiculous.Why accept and confirm reservations when you can't respect them?The pager rang at 7:25. So with a reservation, all present, we needed to wait 30 minutes.Great start!Moving on...We sit down and the service we got was definitely not Daniel quality of a few mere days earlier as we waited on our waitress for a duration of close of 3+ hours. Firstly, we didn't get a chance to place our orders as she completely forgot about us for nearly 40 minutes after being sat down.We did eventually order and my friend and I shared some warm sake which was a delightful experience and the spring rolls were good. Not great, good.I ordered the KUNG PAO chicken (marked spicy) and it was somewhat spicy. Tasty but no where close as good as the Mongolian beef. However, it was still well worth it.But before I got to eat all of this, we had to wait another hour.So let's recap this. Walked in at 6:50, sat down at 7:25. Ordered at 8:20, got our food at 9:15.Did I mention we were STARVING?They tried to make amends with us by providing the 6 of us a free plate of their cheapest appetizers. Of all the options we could have been provided we got the steamed green peas. MEH.Once our dinner was done, we ordered their famous "GREAT WALL OF CHINA" cake. It was decent. Nothing 'great' however. :)All in all, if my visit was limited to the Saturday night experience I'd have given a worse score to this resto. However, if I were to go back, it wouldn't be on a Friday or Saturday night and limited to the day where hopefully I'd get some level of service as the food in general was good. The mongolian beef resigning supreme.Kindly note that the plates tend to be kind of pricy.
1	Arrived at 5:50 on a Friday with an estimated wait time of close to an hour we were lucky to get a place at the bar. The bartender was great and seemed to know the menu but that's when things went downhill. Very expensive for Chinese. We ordered (I went for the Mongolian beef) an hour and fifteen minutes later, we still had no food after repeatedly asking. The couple next to us at the bar had also been waiting. They arrived 10 minutes after us and she had ordered the same dish as me. Guess what, her dish came out but we still had no food. Really?Won't ever go back, If this had been a PF chang's in the States, the manager would be fired. We won't be going back.
4	I just want to shout out to the PF Changs employee at corporate office for completely changing my mind about this place.June 28, 2013, I was celebrating my birthday without even knowing it. My husband had planned a surprise party for me and I was...well shocked. I was shocked at how many people showed up and then further shocked by how horrible everything was. The service, the management, the food, just everything. We show up and our table was not ready, that is fine. That is partially our fault apparently. My husband had booked for 10 people and it ended up being 14. He called ahead to change the reservation and they told him no problem. Apparently, it was a problem.  So now we are waiting for our table and we are getting tired of standing around, the bar was full (keep in mind the place had been open exactly 18 days so everyone was flocking there). I was leaning on one of the tables in the front when a pink haired hostess asked me to stop leaning on it. I kindly (not so) told her I'd be glad to not lean on it when I was seated. She left me alone.Finally we are led to a table that was probably intended for 8 people and we are now 14. The manager asked us if we'd be willing to split our party up to be seated more comfortably. Uh no. I don't think it makes sense that half of us would be sitting on one side of PF's while the rest were on the other. We asked if they could put an extra table at the end of our current table. We were told, "It is what it is" by the manager who walked away.The waitress and waiter we had were inexperienced in their menu to say the least. We ended up with a pure francophone who didn't understand what we were ordering even when ordering it. The food kept coming to us wrong and it was super salty. By the end of the night the entire group had enough of the wrong dishes, bad service, rude comments by management and whatever else could have possibly gone wrong. We had all sworn off PF's. Next morning I get a call (okay my husand got the call and I answered his phone) from PF's telling us that one of our bills was partially unpaid. That money wasn't in the holder. BULLCRAP. Most of the people in our group either own their own resto or have been working at one for a long time and wouldn't do that. Unbelievable. I asked the waitress (she is the one who called) what would she have done had someone not paid that DIDN'T have a reservation? That was the only way they knew how to call us back. She indicated which person in our group it was and I scoffed. I asked to speak to a manager and was informed I'd be called back later.Apparently later meant NEVER. I posted my dissatification on FB and I got a message back to send my phone number via email. I got a call from Tanya who listened to me and kept on apologizing for the mistakes made by the staff. She was so kind and caring and wanted to make things right.She ended up giving me a gift certificate to try the location again whenever I wanted. I told her that I didn't want them to give me free stuff, I just wanted someone to apologize for the bad service and treatment. I had sworn off PF's and so did another 13 people. She mailed me the gift card anyway and I promised I'd wait until much later to try it. I didn't want to get stuck on a crowded night again.A while before Christmas, on a random Tuesday, I took my mom and sister. We all thoroughly enjoyed the food, the service, and even the menu recommendation by the waiter. It was a complete turn around. I was shocked that everything went so smoothly given the last experience there and I was even more shocked my mom agreed to go out for Chinese. I had no idea she liked it until that Tuesday!I even learned my lesson, don't try a restaurant on their first few days open and if you do, be prepared for some mishaps. I also hope that PF's learned a lesson in how NOT to manage a restaurant (I'm talking to you Laval manager) and how TO regain customer confidence (that's for you Tanya!). The customer isn't always right, but in this case we were!
2	Ohhh PF Chang's you try to be so cool yet I think you can find better asian food.  Came here with a group of work friends and I've had PF in the states but have never been a fan.  I'd rather visit an asian restaurant run by a small family not a corporation!  Let me give you the lowdown:Ambiance 4/5Decor 4/5Cleanliness 5/5 (it's not even 6 months old!)Parking 4/5  (lots of spaces at Carrefour Laval!)Dinner:-  Chicken lettuce wraps 4/5 but dropping to a 3/5 as there was not enough lettuce provided.  -  Calamari 1/5..... seriously I'm sure you can buy as good if not better calamari in the freezer section of Costco!  - Won ton soup 0/5 okay seriously I'm biased as I had my Chinese grandmother pass down her won ton soup recipe to me.  Probably the worst I've ever had!!!- Tuna Tataki- 3/5  5 sliver sliced pieces of ahi served with a salad!  You'd think you need a laser to cut tuna so thin! A huge peeve of mine of restaurants.- Mixed lo mien 2/5  Looked so promising when it came out but Eeeeeeek was it ever S-A-L-T-Y!  Also you could sense that the shrimp tasted as it was just dethawed 5 min before!  I do commend PF for having a gluten free menu.  Also there are many many menu choices so you can find something you may like.  Not my cup of tea!
1	If you like to pay more for the same quality food you'd get at any Chinese buffet, this place is for you. It's over-hyped and over-priced. It's not that the food is bad, it's just ordinary. If I had my eyes closed, I could have been anywhere; Fu Lam; mall food ourt... There was nothing that stood-out (except the price).If you haven't gotten your fix yet, i suggest you go because they won't be around formuch longer. There is no mercy for sub-par chains in this city- too many good restaurants around.
3	I was so excited the first time I heard that they were opening one in Laval and I couldn't wait to go.First time I went I was with 3 coworkers and we got lucky to get a place right because 20 min later a lot of people started to come in. The waitress had a really hard time serving us in English but at least she tried. She asked if we came before and after we said no she explain to us what the little sauce and bottle were in the wood display and how we could mix them. The we got beers and bloody Cesar and the Cesar was ok not the best but good. We decided to order 4 different plates so we can all share them and get to taste more things. The crispy honey chicken was good but the outside was a bit to hard so it was hard to eat. The sweet and sour pork I believe my boss had was good but again very hard on the outside. Not sure what the third person had but it was some kind of beef and it was ok. I had the Mongolian beef and it was amazing.The portions are very small and the steam rice you get is in a very small bowl. I was disappointed because the meals are expensive and you are left wanting more.On my second visit I went during lunch and again had a hard time getting served in English. I tried the calamari and they tasted just like the one you get frozen at home. The lunch menu came with some kind of vegetable soup and it was cold and very salty. I had the Mongolian beef again and it was very good but the portion was still the same.Not sure Ill be going back...even if the Mongolian beef is one of the best I ever had. This place is expensive and when I leave there all I think is going home to have a snack....you get the point lol
