5	Just came across a stash of Rehab drinks! Don't get too excited, i got all they had - 9 cans :DNice employees, had whipped cream which I also needed.  This is a good corner store.
5	This is a great corner store. It used to be a little seedier, with bums hanging around and the cashier behind plexiglass, but since they remodeled last summer it's really come into its own. They now have a more complete grocery isle, and hotdogs and slurpees.Liquor Express is family owned, with great staff and a surprisingly diverse beer, wine, and spirit collection. There are very few corner liquor stores where you can pick up a 30 rack of PBR and a 1996 vintage Dom Perignon.
5	A great liquor store that is right by my place. I am literally in there every single day either getting some booze or cigarettes. The staff is very friendly and they are dependable.Additionally, the sell turkey sub sandwiches for $1.99 and they are actually really good! They are made fresh daily and taste great for lunch at work or if you are in a pinch.They also have a large selection of beer that you wouldn't expect from a place like this. On first glance it appears to be more of a convenience store but they are stocked with a cavalcade of craft beers from Stone Brewing and Nimbus as well as a bunch of other brands I can't think of right now.If marijuana is your predilection they also sell pipes and accessories at  incredibly affordable prices, better than most smoke shops in the area. They do sell crack pipes which is probably my only complaint simply because meth and crack are so devastating to both users and their families. However, I can't blame them for selling a product that has a market
5	So I've been here several times... Never really looked at their beer selection until today and I was impressed. The owner is still improving his selection.  The prices are pretty good too! I'll be back a lot.
5	Today is Thanksgiving Day and not only am I thankful for Yelp, but I'm thankful for this liquor store! Their selection of craft beer here is nothing short of amazing! Being from So. Cal we are spoiled with great beer and it's hard to find craft beer when you're in other states. THIS place had EVERYTHING! From Stouts to Porters to IPAs they got it! They even have beers on tap! Tomorrow only they'll be doing 50% off growler refills! Kyle was really friendly, helpful, and he knew his beers! Love that they have a mix n match 6 pack for $9.99! They carry Stone Brewing Co. as well! I'll be back here before I leave back to Cali to bring back beers we don't get! Cheers!
