1	Shockingly disappointing food. This place claims to be a whisky and haggis house, but the haggis tasted like it came from a ready meal in a supermarket. The famous sausages were burnt on the outside and were no better than what you can get at train stations or football stadiums.Avoid at all costs. Clearly a tourist trap.The London Insiderhttp://www.london-insider.co.uk/
4	I came here for dinner with a couple friends while traveling in the UK, one of whom lived in Scotland for a while.  My boyfriend and I wanted to try haggis, of course, being tourists and all, so our friend brought us to this place on Cockburn [insert joke here] St, right behind were we were staying at St. Christopher's Inn.If you are ever to visit this place, make sure you get the whiskey sauce (worth the 2 or whatever pounds it costs).  It makes the haggis a lot more flavorful and not as heavy/dry.  I guess since I'd never had it anywhere else, I can't really compare it to any other place.  I can, however, tell you that it was different, but delicious.  Tastes kind of like ground up flavorful liver-like stuff on top of sweet potatoes on top of mashed potatoes.  The food was enjoyable, minus the fact that there was quite a bit too much pepper in the ground-up meat itself.  So much pepper that I couldn't really taste anything else.  That's the only reason for my 5-minus-1 star rating.Not a very busy place, has a full bar I believe.  Service is great though.
4	A nice little pub, and, for my first time, haggis.  I was a visitor, and was recommended Arcade for haggis.  It did not disappoint.  If you're wanting to try haggis for the first time, are in old town Edinburgh, try this place.  My wife had the vegetarian, liked it as well.
5	This was one of our favourite finds in Edinburgh. We actually found it in an advert in the back of one of the tourist booklets and thought twice about going because we thought it would be full of tourists (we prefer getting involved with the locals!).We went for it anyway and were so glad we did. We showed up at about 10pm, quite late I admit, but they were still serving food. The decor inside the place was really lovely, relaxing and warm although the place is quite small. There were two women enjoying a late dinner on one side and a couple having a drink on the other side. Then us. Very nice. The menu is lovely - some really good choices and their drinks menu is also extensive (there's a reason why they are called the Haggis and Whiskey house!). My boyfriend went for the haggis which was tasty. The mashed potato was a little bland for me but overall it was good. I had king prawns "slowly roasted in a garlic, thyme and soy sauce" in a salad. It was supposed to come with crusty bread and Marie Rose sauce...No crusty bread, but normal bread toasted (understandable given the time of day we turned up!) and no Marie Rose sauce (although with the soy sauce I would have thought this a bit of a weird combination....). Best part: the king prawns were absolutely gigantic. Lovely.We loved this place so much we came back in the morning for breakfast! The breakfast was equally as nice. We went for the Glasgow Potato Scones with scrambled eggs and smoked salmon. Delicious. No faults at all with this place. Highly recommended.
5	I was told that they have the best haggis in town and it's true. Tried the Princess Diana haggis and it was excellent. The mushroom cream sauce is a good compliment to the stack of liver meat, sweet potato mash, and mashed potato. Recommended.
1	The place *looked* nice, the haggis *tasted* good--but my girlfriend and I both had food poisoning (immediately) afterwards. Made our last night in Scotland a pretty unpleasant experience. Cannot recommend.
