4	I've been here a lot over the years and Desert Bloom Park isn't that bad of a park. Baseball/softball field, 2 full basketball courts, playground, some pavilions with BBQ grill. There's also a lot of field space I often see people playing soccer and tossing the disk and football. I've also seen people flying kites and remotely controlled airplanes. It's lighted but don't know when they close and there isn't a lot of shade since the trees are still growing. There's also a sand volleyball court and restrooms. Lots of sidewalk for walking around and water drinking fountains.Great place to BBQ and hang out with friends and families.If your looking to play a bball game, like all parks during the hot summer come at night when the temp cools slightly  down. It is HOT 100+ HOT still till 8 pm, come after you should he good.
4	A nice park in the neighborhood. It's big and my 6 y.o. always seems to find some kids to play with. People seem decent, it's huge, and well maintained.
5	This is a great park. It's close to my house. You can go run, walk, or ride a bike on the path around the park. I do yoga there sometimes too. It's perfect.
4	Pretty much what everyone is saying, a pleasant park with most of the necessities.You can find most of anything here: volleyball, soccer, baseball, and basketball. They also have grills and picnic areas. For days you just want to relax.Feel free to bring your dogs too! Very spacious! Just make sure you clean up their poo poo :) Only thing missing is a tennis court and its own dog park. That would make it 5 stars.
4	My friends and I decided to shoot some hoops and walk around the park. It is well-lit at night and pretty safe. There were people walking and playing with their dogs, kids on the playground, teenagers on their bike/skateboard, and some guys playing baseball and footvolley. They have a number of tables next to BBQ grills.Bring a mat/towel to lay on if you want to star gaze at night or have a picnic during the day. Make sure you watch out for a few things: dog poo and flying balls.  It wasn't too crowded the night we went here.
