4	This is a fun grocery store when you have lots of time to just wander around and take it all in.  The produce and meat departments are a bit small but the deli area is very good.  The frozen food and specialty foods areas are very extensive.  Lots of health food alternatives that you don't see elsewhere.  The butchers in the meat department are awesome!  They showed me how to de-shell and prepare raw shrimp and gave me cooking advice all with big smiles on their faces.  What a pleasure.  With the expanded housewares/garden/hardware/toys/gifts areas this truly can be a one stop shopping experience.One of the few stores that allows for self checkout; fun for the kids.
3	Eh.... I just don't know.I come to this fry's all the time because it is the closest place to my house. Would I go somewhere else if it weren't so close? Yes. When I was living at home, it was only the finer grocery stores for me. However, now that I pay rent and all that good stuff, I find myself frequenting the cheaper places. Like Fry's. Gross things that have happened to me at this fry's: One time I found a mealworm/maggot type thing in my broccoli. Another time there were still feather remnants on my chicken. Some people say this could be considered normal - it still totally grossed me out and I took it back.Grossest thing about this location - the stench. I couldn't tell you WHAT in god's name it smells like, but its gross. Basically from about 10 feet before the entrance and througout almost the entire front half of the store (and produce section) it just..... stinks. We call it the "Fry's aroma". Basically if I can, I buy all of my produce and meat at sprout's. Then I go to Fry's for everything else. Rice, cereal, bread, ice cream, cheese, etc. It's not that bad of a place, its just not that great of place either.
4	BEST FRY'S YETFeelin' a little blue, need a doc? No big deal, stop on by...Forgot to cash in your last paycheck? Pshh, Bank of America ATM AND bank up in this jointCrammin' for the next exam? Get your coffee fix on your way outFood, deli, bakery, flowers, home furnishings, school supplies, I don't know where it ends...All I need is a bed and I could live here...Oh wait, they sell them here too.And all this time I thought they just fixed computers and sold TVs
3	It's one of the chain grocery stores out here in Arizona. I've gone looking for items for cooking and leave empty handed because they don't have it in stock. The store is clean and they have good produce. I think they need to have more of a variety to choose from.
3	This frys does have a special aroma when you enter it. It's not a good smell. Other then the smell its like any other frys out there
4	This is my go-to supermarket on the West Side. I regularly buy groceries here and I have also gone home with pool supplies and patio furniture from the Marketplace section. The employees are mostly invisible but they will ask you if you need help finding something the moment you look a little clueless. The store is clean and laid out in an easy to navigate arrangement of aisles and products. The cashiers are all business and don't mess around with small talk when you line up in front of their respective conveyor belts.The bakery, deli, and produce section sometimes fall behind in terms of being freshly stocked. The butcher and seafood counters get real busy after work, too, thanks to this area being more suburban and most folks in this part of town working a 9 to 5. The kids smoking meth outside at night aren't to be blamed on the store, and neither is the atrocious layout of the parking lot. I prefer Fry's to the other supermarkets in the Valley, even over Safeway, which I have patronized for 30 years because I feel I get similar quality without paying too much dough for it.
4	Great store for grocery beautiful produce and a good selection in the deli. The best thing I just discovered is their helium balloons!  Regular latex balloons are only 10 dollars a dozen.  They have tons of colors and many cute designs.
4	This location has a very decent gluten free section which was for me the main attraction. They used to have a Bank of America inside which was also amazing because I bank there. I was bummed wen all of a sudden it was gone..There was 1 employee that new every item in the store like the back of his hand. If I was ever looking for something, I would just seek him out and he would direct me instantly.Checkout was always quick and efficient.They also have a Starbucks at this location.
5	I love this store. Associates are all very friendly and the prices are reasonable. :)
4	OMG I love this store! Groceries, furniture, art, automotive, etc etc! We don't have this in Southern Cali and I wish we did! It's very well organized and they have a great selection of everything. Their bakery items look lovely. Pretty decent prices for everything too. And it's nice and gigantic which I love. I could be here for hours.
3	Employees are great! The Pharmacy is incompetent. We always call before to see if our RX is in because we know how retarded they are and we STILL have issues when we get there. The only reason we go is so we can use our frys card and get gas points which is a plus.
5	Love this grocery store and it's close to my house. I walk to it often :) the employees I have spoken with have been very helpful and accommodating. The store has a great layout and ambience; Feels very clean and upscale as well as comfortable and friendly. I love their natural section!
5	Love this store! I wish it were a little closer to my house, but I will drive out of my way to avoid going to the one on Thunderbird. It's huge, has a large selection of everything from groceries to furniture, and it's clean!
5	I refer to this Fry's as "the nice Fry's" that is a little out of the way but we sometimes go to because it's nice.
5	I went to this Frys for this first time just yesterday. I was amazed at how much stuff they had in there! Not only did they have aisle upon aisle of neatly organized groceries but they even had a huge furniture display/selection!
5	My go-to grocery store! Their prices are reasonable, but what I love is their service and store lay out. It's always neat and the employees are usually very nice. The atmosphere is very comfortable and makes me feel at home! They have a large variety of fruits and veggies, snacks, frozen foods, greeting cards, toys, cleaning utilities, and a little bakery at the back. Also cosmetics and hair products, and a little pharmacy. The lines are rarely long because they have a self-checkout and appropriate number of lanes open when necessary. I am a satisfied customer!
5	This fry is the best in the west side. Fresh sushi every time I come here all the employees are very nice and helpful when I lose my way.
1	Paid my final Southwest Gas bill here....DO NOT DO IT....the Fry's clerk didn't post to Southwest Gas, I had no idea until 3 months later I received a letter from a collection company.  All Fry's did was say oh yeah that guy messed a lot of them up,  I can give your money back.......Thanks Fry's for your support.
