3	We order lunch for delivery about once a week.  The Reuben sandwich is very good.  Generous meat.  A bit pricey but hey, they deliver!.  The delivery charges are a bit stiff but they can be bullied to make it one flat charge rather than seperate charges per sandwich (which is what they try to pull)Check your order carefully, sometimes they mess it up.
2	Been there, done that.  Fair sandwiches (better than Safeway, anyway).  Only 2 stars since I didn't know about the free soft serve, so didn't get to try that.There's gotta be a good New York-style deli west of the 17 and north of Thunderbird.  Isn't there?  Doesn't have to be great.  Good would be wonderful.
3	I went here the other night for the first time when I was near the mall, hungry, and wanted to try a new place. My boyfriend got the club sandwich (delicious) and I got the chicken philly melt (not so delicious). I got a soft serve cone while I was waiting (a tiny one, no judging!)The boy had a brownie for dessert, which he said was delicious.So overall:Yay! Club sandwichBoo! Chicken Philly Wrap thingYummy! soft serve and brownieOh and our sandwiches came with pickles, which were also tasty. :)I'd probably try it again but get a different sandwich.
2	As much as I'd like to root for the underdog in an ever-expanding world of franchise dominancy, today has been the last straw. I felt I had a connection with Jason's reuben sandwich, first few times piled high with corned beef and a good proportion to sauerkraut. I even looked the other way when I was charged an extra $2 for them to do half corned beef/half pastrami (I got the same amount of meat). I still had faith in them. Then came the last few visits when the service became senile-slow and the food quality atrocious. I'd give it one last chance today and it was indeed the final rusty nail in my shabby coffin. Apparently I ordered an $8 sauerkraut sandwich called The Reuben; with a sliver of corned beef and a mountain of sauerkraut, it was everything my liberal vegetarianism craved. People of the jury, allow me to present Exhibit A... (photograph above)
4	Love their chicken pot pie soup.  I had to get a BOWL of it.  And then a po-boy pastrami melt.  YUM!
5	Great prices, great organic foods.  Love the salad bar, clean great choices.  One of my favorites is the meatball sandwich!  Very good.  Free ice cream cone when finished for all!  Great place to eat with kids, free on Wednesdays and organic healthy choices. Only thing that sucks, is no free wifi and booths/tables slide all over the floor. Very annoying.
4	Stopped by on a Saturday night when I had a taste for a sandwhich with some meat to it! I sure am glad I gave Jason's a try. They had a pretty wide selection on their menu from regular deli sandwiches to wraps, and a good sized salad bar. I went with the Royal Club with baked chips and a sweet tea. The club was packed with fresh quality meats, the croissant was nice and flaky, and the chips (Lays I believe) was a nice side. As for the sweet tea...perfect! I am very picky about sweet tea, and this one was just how I like it. The meal came in under $10 and came with the FREE soft serve ice cream! How can you NOT walk away happy from a meal that ends in free ice cream??? :)
4	Always great food at a reasonable price, best salad bar I have seen in a long time
4	Finally found my sandwich at Jason's Deli.  I've been here a few times but always find myself comparing it to Miracle Mile but its just not.  I always like the salad bar but I am not a salad bar kind of guy unless its the side to my meal.  I ordered the Po'boys pastrami melt and it comes on a sub style roll with Russian dressing, mmmmmy mouth is watering just talking about it.  I like the fresh food here and there gluten free bread for the kids, most things here are organic and very fresh looking.  Kids can have free frozen yogurt when they are done.  I will be going back soon.
4	I really enjoy Jason's Deli. It is by far my favorite salad bar to visit. They have enough of the old salad bar standby's that you always want, with an eclectic mix of other items to keep it interesting, like roasted red pepper hummus, gingerbread muffins, and large garlic bread croutons. I really don't like the way the bar is set up, though. You have to walk down both sides to get at all the different options. I suppose it saves them space, but it is annoying, and I'd imagine frustrating when busy.They have great soups and sandwiches too. I've never been unhappy with my choices here.
1	Yuk! Miricle Mile deli closed which forced to Jasons. Not at all impressed...Some people LOVE this place but personally they cant touch Miracle Mile Deli...
5	Empty stomach+Pastrami Melt Po Boy=Full stomach=Nap time.
2	Had lunch there today. No tongue, no chopped liver, no side of cole slaw. What kind of deli is this. The pastrami was ok but nothing to write home about. For the price in money, calories and cholesterol it just wasn't worth it. The menu is hard to figure out and I've read more than my share. There are better deli's in town.
3	I am going to have to give bipolar reviews.On site:Pretty good, especially for a Portillos like dine in but with much more deli options. Loved the complementary frozen yogurt! I always have room for ice cream :)Catering....Ok, how does putting a 1/2 lb of meat on a low quality sliced bread from a bag count as a sandwich to be proud of? What happened to lettuce, cheese, a tomato? Why do you put Jason's Deli stickers on your Lay's Potato chip bag? No matter what sticker you put, it was still Lays that did all the work.  The cookies are decent.  Veggie wraps are pretty good but would be much more awesome with some feta or goat cheese or even better if you take some of the massive amount of meat from the mediocre sandwich and put that it there. Also, why do you never check off the type of cookie on the box? I hope you are a good deal. Paradise bakery boxes put you guys to shame.
4	Fresh tasting, hot/cold depending on how it was ordered, and good accuracy with orders (even large orders).  Good location outside the mall so you don't have to deal with the mall people as much.  A little pricey but worth it for a quality sandwich.
4	The roast beef sandwich has LOTS of roastbeef on it-yeah!  The salad is the bomb!  Lot's to chose from on the salad bar.  Frozen yougurt-YUM!**The GIFT certificates** need to improve though as my friend had taken me there and her gift card of $30 was NO longer valid as "when you don't use it"  you are charged $2.00 monthly against your balance?  Really?Cashier DID really care IF we were going to be returning customers and worked with us about this gift card not being a "true gift card".
1	Disappointed!  This place is a half step up from a Subway.  I'm sure it's ok for those who have not had the experience of a true New York Deli.  The confusion of where to place an order was the first thing I noticed, as well as the next three unlucky customer's.  A deli that does not serve fries; what's up with that? Sorry Jason's Deli, you flunked the test.
3	Not too bad. Got the meatball sub. Nothing really making me fiend to come back tho. Overall 3 stars for the complimentary soft serve.
1	Thought this would give us the deli fix we needed since no more Miracle Mile at Arrowhead Mall.  Didn't even come close.  The pastrami was stringy, tough and all fat; their cole slaw is really carrot slaw, and they call French dressing "Thousand Island Dressing."   And thoroughly disappointed to get Ruffles potatoes chips instead of those great Miracle Mile fries.  Won't be going back to this place.
3	We go here a couple of times a month to get a light meal. The food is good. Not great but good. There is plenty of seating and it is a nice place to meet family, get a light meal and sit and talk. Another reason I like to go here is, most restaurants you get way to much to eat at a sitting, but what do you do? You eat it all or at least I do as I don't like to waste food and there is to little to take home. Here I can get a half sandwich and a cup of soup. AAAAnd You get to have a cone of frozen dairy. I usually do not get this. Have to watch my girlish figure. I Wish. For a place to go, sit down, relax, talk with friends. This place is a good place.
5	we just cant get enough of jason's deli!!their beef eater has soooo much meat on it, that i only order half with their amzing salad bar!!salad bar is sooooooo fresh and has everything imaginable!!pastrami sandwich is amazing and order half unless your really hungry!!even humus, chocolate muisse, pudding and slef-serve ice-cream!!you won't go away hungry!!we eat there more then once monthly and luv it!!!healthy to boot when you eat their salad!!sandy :)
5	I have been coming to Jason's Deli for years! I've tried a couple things that I haven't loved but that's partially my fault for not reading the descriptions better, but the main things that keep me coming back are really good (like the baked potato)!!We had Jason's Deli cater a family event for us last year and they even delivered it! They gave us enough mayonnaise for our sandwiches to last us a year!! :)
4	Oh yum I love Jasons deli. Give me that salad bar. I go nuts for the salad bar and I don't even know why! Maybes its the tiny corn muffins, or just the mix. Its nice that I can go back again (hint Field Kitchen). I always get a nice sample for me and for the baby to try. Sometimes if I am in the mood I will order some soup too but its usually just the salad bar.I really like the option that I can jump the line and pay at the salad bar and soup line. It saves time during a busy lunch rush. I feel like a VIP when I do that.Also, everyone gets free soft serve. Its pretty good.The people are always friendly and clean up the tables really fast. I love this place and will return a lot for lunch.
4	They are always accomodating for special requests or substitutions.  The service is fast and friendly and my family likes the quick in and out.  They sent us $5 off for a birthday gift and I think that is a nice touch to show they appreciate their customers.  I LOVE the kid friendly menu that has more options than most places and organic is a plus in our book!  My daughter adores the free ice cream and she would pick Jason's deli almost every time if given the choice.  My husband loves the pastrami there and I love the flexibility.
4	As far as Jason's Deli goes, it's pretty decent.  I would say compared to other deli-style restaurants, it's 3 stars.  You can enjoy their salad buffet, order a (huge) spud or they have a variety of sandwiches.  Nice place to get something simple and yummy.
1	I have never actually stepped into a Jason's Deli but we get it all the time at work for catered lunch.  I have actually resorted to bringing my own lunch on those days.I think their boxed lunch is THE WORST!  First of all, how can they charge what they charge for a simple sandwhich that I could easily make myself in less than 2 minutes?  This is not 'artisan' bread like Paradise Cafe bakes.  It is simple, flat, square sandwhich bread that looks like it came out of a commercial loaf at the grocery store.  Throw on some shaved lunch meat, a tomato slice and head lettuce slice and your done.  Then throw some mustard and mayo packets into the box with a bag of chips.  To top it off, throw in a cookie that is not only flavorless, but so hard and dry that I nearly cracked a tooth on it...and then charge four times what I would pay to make this myself.  I am not sure if they have better selections or food besides this standard boxed lunch as I have never been impressed enough to check it out.
3	About a week ago my bf and I came here for lunch just right before starting our drive back to LA. We stayed at the Ramada  and this was just right across the parking lot...so instead of searching where to eat, we just settled for this. I ordered their Deli Club - it was pretty massive - I like how they served it on whole grain wheat w/o having me to order it differently. I had the potato salad as the side - which was good but the mustard was somewhat overwhelming. The sandwich was good but it was so big I couldn't even finish it. Bf ordered the Wild Salmon-wich with a side of fruits. Looked pretty good and according to him it was delicious.  Nice place for lunch, looking at their menu I kind of wish they would have one over in Orange County or Irvine, just cause it offers much more than Panera Bread and Corner Bakery. They also have what looks like an salad bar too.
4	This is a Kick. All of my friends told me to stay away from the Corned Beef at Jasons. Not a real Jewish Deli. OK Granted but I had a Corned Beef on rye with mustard. Potato salad side and guess what?So far the BEST corned beef sandwich in Phoenix. Yes I went to Chompys and Yes I have been to Generations.....No Fat- Lean-Piled High!......My friend had the salad bar and told the manager it was better than Sweet T's....
5	Had Jason's catered into a class we were in for two days this week and their food was so good!So we decided to come to Jason's for breakfast / lunch with our kids and its even better in person! Manager greeted us at the door went over menu options. Great prices and portions. I ordered a Ruben 1/2 portion and it came with an option of side salad or soup, I got the salad and I was able to build it myself at the salad bar, which by the way has a wide array of options you don't see at salad bars anymore. Fresh produce! To top it off, you get free ice cream sundaes build your own!!!! Can't wait to come back, the kids loved it.
3	I didn't find Jason's Deli to be anything special. I had to wait a long time for a Reuben sandwich that wasn't even that good. My wife really enjoyed it, but I wasn't impressed. We used a value coupon and still found the prices to be expensive. It is a strange place, but it did have a cozy atmosphere and is open surprisingly late which I liked! If they had better food I might visit more.
4	This place is good in my book!!!! Nice portions on the sandwiches, and not to mention they have cheesecake that is simply AMAZING!!!!! Don't sleep on JASON'S DELI, they definitely are handling some big business over here!
5	Wow amazing. We got the amy's with gumbo and the papa joe's. So delicious. We will be back.
4	I really liked this place! The service is great and the environment is a very welcoming and warm to have lunch with friends. I ordered the taco salad - delicious! I like how they also give you the option of a lighter portion. They were very accommodating with my specific requests (sour cream and cheese on the side, light salsa) and our orders were brought out promptly. They also give you free ice cream on your first visit. Overall, I would definitely come back.
5	Great food and very friendly staff.
5	my review is based on the food..honestly, I have never stepped foot inside this place. We typically have our porters grab our orders for us and bring it back to our office.These sandwiches are amazing.The rueben is stupid good but the New York Yankee blows my mind.3/4 pound of insanely good pastrami and corned beef on rye bread that is toasted perfectly.  Literally 3 inches of hot meat and I can't get it into my mouth fast enough.ugh... I'm hungry for it now.The soups are great too.. rich and flavorful and quite filling.This deli is doing sandwiches right.  2 thumbs up!!
4	We stopped by this place on our way to Sedona.  The service and food were great.  I had the French Dip and my wife had the salad bar.  We enjoyed our meal.  I also enjoyed the free soft serve ice cream.
4	I haven't been to a Jason's in years & I've never really been a fan.  My mom was in town & loves it there, so of course being the awesome daughter I am, we went.  It was a little confusing when we first walked in.  We couldn't find exactly where we order, most places usually have a "Order Here" or "Pick Up Here" kinda signage.  Girl behind the counter saw we were confused & directed us to the right area.  Mom got salad bar, she loved it, I got a chicken panini with chicken pot pie soup which was so good, hubby got a salmon sandwich. We all really enjoyed our meals.  I plan on going back for a big cup of that soup! I can't stop thinking about it!
5	A few of us went in for lunch today.  The place was packed, but the food and service were both fantastic!!  I had the salad bar and my guests had sandwiches.  Everything tasted fresh. We got our sandwiches within five minutes.The manager stopped by our table twice to check on us.  Another employee came by to see if we needed anything. The service was impressive to say the least.
4	Love this place! Employees are so friendly! Place is clean food is good. Love the pasta salad!
3	Had the Ruben pretty blah tasting... Nice place and service is great. More of a Snow Bird restraint crowd.
2	I got the veggie wrap which should have been called mostly spinach wrap.  It had absolutely no mushroom or other veggies in it. It didn't taste bad just realistically was lettuce and tortilla. It's always so crazy to me how veggie anything cost so much more than meat. I spent 9.45 for the wrap and a drink which wasn't worth it. When the girl came to serve me, she rudely and sarcastically mentioned that I need to put my number on the table ring. IVE NEVER BEEN HERE BEFORE! AND IM THE ONLY NEW CUSTOMER THATS WALKED THROUGH THE DOOR IN 10 MINS! I don't think I'll be coming back
5	I know what good pastrami & corned beef tastes like, and this is the real deal. They were  very tender and flavorful, not hard and chewy like other places. I had the Yankee New Yorker with a very good cup of Spicy Fish Gumbo soup. Both tasted so fresh and so good. But I really thought it was cool when my server told me to help myself to the Sundae Bar when I was done. This place ROCKS!
