4	OMB's inaugural Christmas market was a little tinier than we expected, but had several key elements that made it memorable:Fire pit. Beer.Pretzels.I mean, there were other awesome things too: German chocolates, some interesting antiques, various handmade things (beaded jewelry, potholders, eh) but Beer + Fire + Eclectic, friendly crowd = yup, I'll be here yearly. Bit of a bottleneck at the bar but once we got some ales and walked the tents, it was a pretty enchanting hour/hour and a half. Hopefully next year there'll be a larger variety of wares for sale and maybe a wider variety of nosh - Sausage Dude was here hawking dogs n such but what I wouldn't have given for a plate of Spatzle to wash my Dunkel down. Or is it the other way round. Hmm.
4	Fun times! Julia hit on the high points on the market and I'll agree on those fronts. Loved the cozy fire pit (I smelled like camp fire for a few days), the array of beer (Dunkel!), brats, Italian sausages, hotdogs etc. Clearly, encased meat was a hit of the evening. Vendors of all sorts were available - jewelry, chocolates, Christmas goodies/ornaments, etc. I did pick up some delightful German chocolates from Mostly Chocolate...husband is still enjoying his brandy filled Santas. Overall it was a delightful, low key Christmas celebration in South End - friendly crowd filled w/folks and kids of all ages, tons of tasty ale and a happy vibe all around. Here's hoping next year there are even more great local vendors & a more diverse selection of food....and yeah, I'd love some spatzle, Julia. Support local & happy holidays!
5	Loe this place and love their events. They have really good plates as well if you are looking for a quick bite. Not fancy but with long tables in the German beir hall fashion. They have some amazing releases. I love their special porter and wheat ale.  As an added bonus if you are looking for somewhere to have a party, they have a pretty nice party room. I can wait to see their new location as they are starting to outgrow this one. Loved that we could bring our pooches and they could stay outside in the shade while we had lunch
5	Brand new location and what an improvement! Beautiful bar inside and lots of seating to have lunch or dinner. Also plenty of tables outside. If it's a nice day out perfect place to wind down. The staff has always been amazing and very attentive. Great menu for a brewery and lots of options for picky eaters. I almost always get the pretzel and cheese dip. Also great hummus and pitas, Italian panini was excellent and they make some delicious burgers. I like IPAs and they make a great Cooper. I also like the mecktoberfest, captain jack and southern. They also have a really nice room to host parties or work functions.
4	This is a great new location. The building and grounds are really expansive, and it has the feel of a German beer hall and Biergarten. It must have just opened when I first went, because the food options other reviewers described were not yet available; there was just a ghetto-looking food truck (no service window) parked in the Biergarten. I'm glad they seem to have resolved that issue.My major gripe about this place is about OMB itself. Why are there so few varieties of beer? Why doesn't a brewery experiment with new brews?! The beer selection is generally good, but it's incredibly boring.
3	I'll start with the good.  The location is great as are their new digs.  I love the new space as it definitely reminds me of a German beer garden.  The atmosphere was also great to watch the Panthers playoff game.  It wasn't too loud but it was also lively, which was perfect.  Where this review veers south of 4 or 5 stars is with the Bauhaus food.  I understand this is a brewery and food isn't necessarily their "thing" but it is offered so I shall review.  Let me first state that their food isn't bad - it's decent - I was just really hoping for more out of Olde Meck and left feeling a bit underwhelmed.  We started out with the beer cheese Pretzel as an appetizer.  The cheese was runnier than I expected and tasted a little bit too much like beer (I didn't know that could be possible!).  I also like a Pretzel that is a bit more doughy as this was pretty typical of what you would buy from the grocery.  I had the Teller Wurste sausages (Stiglmeier Gyula and Stiglmeier Bratwurst) with a side of Sauerkraut and Bratkartoffeln (German Potatoes).  The Gyula was really good but the Bratwurst was just OK.  The Sauerkraut was also really good but the potatoes were just OK.  My wife ordered the Gouda Grilled Cheese with a side salad.  She gave it a solid 3 stars but wasn't something she said she would remember a few months down the road.  Will i be back? Sure, but most likely only for the beer.
