5	Kudos to Elite Pet Care in Scottsdale.Sarah is a wonderful care giver who will treat your pet like her very own. She walks, trains, house sits, and will take rover on an all-day dogie adventure.Imagine your best pal going for a trip to the dog park, over to the doggie bakery for a snack, then off to get a new toy... or even pop by the groomer and get your pooch a trim.She will even manage your dogie(s) by scheduling vet visits, grooming appointments, regular walks and socialization with other pets.Thanks for all you do Sarah!
5	It was not surprising to find Elite Pet Care #1 on the yelp list for pet sitters.  Not only is the Owner of Elite Pet Care a wonderful people person, she is the wonder of animals.  Her business is highly professional and there is not a task she cannot handle.  Sarah's passion for animals is contagious, and I recommend her to anyone who is seeking the utmost "elite pet care".
5	Elite Pet Care totally rocks!  I first met Sarah 2 years ago and have trusted her with all my pet questions and pet sitting needs.  She is fantastic and knowledgable about all animals.  Pricing is extremely fair and working with Sarah is easy!!  Even on our last minute trips she has been flexible and sure to help out in any way possible.  I HIGHLY recommend Elite Pet Care for all your pet sitting needs!
5	Sarah and Elite Pet Care took great care of our pups when we were out of town.  Sarah stopped over in person for an initial consult and we went over all the details and she met the doggies.  Everything went as planned when were were gone and she sent me some photos of the pups which totally brightened my day.  Overall I highly recomment Elite Pet Care as top notch and caring for animals.  They really care and you can't ask for more!
1	Really rude on the phone. Hope she's nicer to the pets.
5	I can't say enough about Patty & Elite Pet Care!  The most important thing I want to say is that when you own two high energy dogs & you don't have the time on certain days to walk them..call Elite Pet Care.  She always texts me updates and sends pics at each visit.  They are Happy & content when I arrive home.  Luv that!  She also waters my plants and takes care of things even without me asking.
5	As good as it gets ! Patty is awesome and we are so glad we found her and Elite Pet Care. She is a genuine animal lover and truly concerned about their well being. We were in Africa for over 3 weeks this past December and it was very comforting to know that SHE was taking care of our lil petbull Buddy...He is extremely energetic, very strong and she handles him great !  She has always been prompt, very friendly, courteous, loving and her prices are very fair. Definitely recommended !!! :)
