5	some of the best italian and seafood in Las Vegas.the appetizers and homemade cheesecake and tiramisu are also to die forthe chef is "Piero" who founded Piero's then sold it when it got too popularthis place is busy but no too busyand great for a cozy dinnerany night of the weekthey always have numerous and delicious specials
1	Very overpriced for what you get.This little Italian restaurant in a small strip mall has prices of some of the best restaurants on the strip without the ambiance .Everything is ala carte.My wife had the sea bass and requested it without butter, the waitress said the chef was too busy , so he could only make it the usual way with butter....ridiculous.I had the osso buco $48 and very tough.Kendall Jackson wine you buy at Traders Joes for $8, $12 a glass.No ambience and a very unaccomodating owner, who is also the chef.As far as the place being cozy, you are sitting right on top of other diners with very little privacy.
5	This place is awesome!Friendly staff and most important amazing food.Started off with some calamari and prosciutto and fresh mozzarella .  Main course was Chicken Marsala with some side pasta.  Friends had the Chicken Parmesan which was gynormous!  To finish it off cheesecake and tiramisu.  Cheesecake was good but the tiramisu was hands down the best I've ever tried.  It was the perfect ending to the meal.Get off the strip, get in a cab and prepare to be wowed.
2	This is a restaurant that you would like to like better than you can.  An Italian cafe in a strip mall. supported by locals, with a real sense of neighborliness.  You want it to be better than it turns out to be.  The owner, the original Piero of Piero's near the convention center, turns out oversized portions of Italian classics that are unexceptional.  When reviewers rave about big portions, I doubt their credibility as food critics.  Give me small portions of really high quality food any day.  The one compliment I can offer is that the pours of wine by the glass (some good options) are very generous, equal to a glass and a half in any other restaurant.  If I were with someone who wanted to go there, I wouldn't say no, but I wouldn't look forward to it.  One more thing: the waitress was charming!
1	THIS PLACE SUCKS! The food is fair, the prices are outrageous for a neighborhood place (think  Rao's or Valentino's). They charge $30 for corkage and have a terrible wine list, don't honor reservations and close early all the time. The owner can't even legally use his name, Piero, because he cheated one of his former partners and got sued. Really not worth the effort.
3	It was really close from my mom's house though so..it was just one of those, "will-do" restaurant :)
1	Honestly, I am not a contrarian, and I'm not cheap, either. But despite some glowing reviews here, I absolutely could not recommend this smug, overpriced strip mall restaurant. With so many people saying so many nice things about it, I've tried it a few times but I'm through. The food is good. It's better than a chain restaurant or even some independent shops. But it will not blow you away and it's definitely not worth their bloated prices. The service people do their job, but you certainly don't feel welcomed. The atmosphere is stark, crowded, and uncomfortable. Like an Italian trattoria, the food is prepared in a kitchen that overlooks the dining room but on one warm summer Vegas night the temperature in the dining room was at least as hot as it was outside. Warm summer nights aren't an occasional occurrence here, surely there's a way to deal with that. As another Yelp reviewer said, this is the place "that you would like to like better than you can." I wanted to love this place, but with so many better alternatives, it's impossible to recommend.
5	I love to eat here when I am in town. Their food is amazing. Its a small intimate place. Ive been here a few times over the years and I've never been disappointed. The artichoke was excellent, the calamari was fried to perfection, the caesar salad is one of the best Ive had, the salmon or shrimp scampi are good choices and the steamed spinach was excellent and cooked perfectly!!! The cheese cake is amazing and one of the best Ive had (its big enough for the whole table to share). Love this place can't stress this enough!
5	I'm really shocked by some of the bad reviews here! I've been to Cafe Chloe two times and I've never been disappointed. The food melts, literally melts, in your mouth. Yes, it's a little pricey but well worth it. We ordered the clams, shrimp, lamb, and all of it was out of this world. The service is always impeccable, the chef can whip up something that is not on the menu, that should be.....it's a hidden gem in the Las Vegas Valley.
5	my favorite! Only Italian place I don't mind paying for!  Grew up in Philly to Vegas, and this is the real deal!  The scampi, & Lasagna rock the house.  Calamari salad perfecto! Artichoke is awesome! Love! This s the home of old Vegas.  If you don't like their food, then your not old Vegas!
5	I can't believe some of the reviews I've been reading about this place. ANYWAY, perhaps this has a special place in my heart because I've visited here so often. I've always had NOTHING but an exceptional experience. I love this place. I always order the salmon puttanesca though. It's just SO FREAKIN DELICIOUS. The tortellini are pretty great as well. Honestly I've never had a bad meal here. Service is always excellent, and they have a great wine selection as well! I love that the owner is a Roma fan as well. I love walking through the door and seeing the sticker of one of my favorite futbol teams. I wish I could visit more often, but living in California makes that a bit of a problem!
5	I'm a local.  My wife is a native.  I like this place.  You have to be from Vegas to understand just how few local, chef-driven spots we have here.  Does it match what's happening in other places I've lived in terms of innovation, atmosphere, etc.?  Hell no.  But the food is great, and the people know us and treat us very well.  You come regularly, you're never going to get turned over or feel like a "cover" (whatever the heck that is) - like you absolutely will at some point if you dine on the strip.  I have to admit that it took me awhile to understand the pricing after some initial sticker shock.  It comes down to the fact that Vegas ain't cheap and there is a dearth of competition in the local dining scene.  After several years here and with Vegas treating me much better financially, I don't even think about it.  Just pay the bill and know that you're supporting one of literally just a handful of white tablecloth local establishments that's even worth visiting in this inhospitable wasteland we call "home."  Some of the reviews deride this place for it's strip mall location.  Hello?!   This whole freaking meadow is a strip mall!  At least you can park right out front and avoid strip traffic and a parking garage or some dipstick valet.  Order the veal "nerone" and try not to think too hard on the short-comings.  Focus on the positives.  If you live here long enough, you'll see what they are.
2	My wife and I like to share an entree and get a couple of salads. These guys charged us $10 to share!!! Are they nuts or what? We will not go back
5	Forget about it. The Best Italiano in Las Vegas , maybe the whole West.
5	Mine and my husbands favorite restaurant.  We moved away so we only get there about once a year; but they remember us.  The food is great and the Chef always watches people take their first bite.  I have tried most things on the menu over the years and have never been disappointed.  I agree that maybe the prices could be lower; but I've never run a restaurant so I don't know whether the prices are fair or not.  When they first opened, years ago, they would let people bring in their own bottle of wine and there was no cost.  Something happened legally and they had to start charging.  I love the atmosphere and it's locality.
2	Not kid friendly at all.... Food was alright but not for the price... They charge 10 bucks to split a meal!!! Are u kidding me?!
2	I was referred to this restaurant by a friend who loves Italian food as much as me.  I was told to make a reservation as they are very busy so I elect to make a reservation for early on a Thurs evening for my husband and me.  Well, we get there and so much for being busy as it is just us and one other table for the duration of our dinner.I noticed the owner/chef in the kitchen kept looking over but never so much as cracked a smile or a hello.  I ordered the Tortellini Cafe Chloe which has some pancetta and pink sauce and it was ok, nothing spectacular.  My husband had the pasta with bolognese and it was good but again, nothing spectacular.  The prices are steep for the portions but as I believe in paying for quality, I gladly would, but in this case, I've had much better homemade Italian at Capo's so will go back there instead.  Cafe Chloe had zero atmosphere other than the owner and staff who just stared at us through dinner......we are normal looking people by the way, nothing shocking to look at over here, but we would have appreciated a warmer welcome.
5	I visited after 4 years and the rack of lamb was what I rememberd! Soooooo.... ono (delcious)! gotta go!
5	We were in for a treat.Piero was there and he did the honors!!!The friend who invitedme has known Piero ever since he came to LasVegas. I had veal scalipini, tossed salad.,and potates lyonnise(Sp). Ugo had Orange roughy, schrimp scampi, Caesars salad. We split a plate of fried ocra, complements of Don Pierio.It makes a greatappetizer. Our food was exceptional and done to a turn. Signore Piero made the rounds and presented himself to each table. As of this writing, Piero is the ambience. Chloe needs to invest in some chianti bottles, waiters with old school white /blackuniforms, and a mustache pete stuck in the corner with  a red checkered bib( hungfrom his collar) to keep Piero's dyno  veal parmesan from stainin' duh corbat.I don't remember the pricing. Prices were printed on the menu. So how badcan they be? I'm going back regardless of pricing.  I will say finding a SPECTACULAR Italian ristorante like this,sandwiched between a "craft" store and Art's Bail Bonds,is the kind of juxtaposition I can live with. Molto beni.
