2	The food here was ok, though it seemed generally overpriced for what it was. Experience run down:1- Called for reservation, showed up 5 mins early, no table ready, ouch.2- 10 mins later get a table3- Menus are of the cheapest quality stapled in corner with inconsistent translations for dishes (some are Portuguese/English, others English/French and other are just Portuguese). I can understand wanting to use the traditional names for dishes, but some kind of explanation or description for fine dining is usually a nice touch for those unfamiliar with the cuisine.4- Menu consists of Tapas or little taster plates of various items all priced 7-10$ each. There are 10-12 sea items and about 8-10 land items. Most of these can be ordered as a main course (hence a slightly bigger portion) with accompaniments (most likely veggies of some kind). Additionally there are taster menus that feature chef's choice of sea and land tapas for 35-45$ with soup/salad. Finally a conventional Table D'Hote (soup, salad/snails, entree, dessert & coffee) for 25-30$5- I had a selection of 3 land tapas (chorico sausage, Brazilian Feijoada, Filet Mignon with Blue Cheese & Port sauce) as I was not much of fan of the sea based offerings. My girlfriend after asking some questions about the catch of the day and other items in the table d'hote settled for the grilled chicken as it was nigh impossible to figure out what the waiter was saying when explaining the dish, if he was explaining it at all really. Waiter made questionable remarks about not understanding my pronunciation of Portuguese items regardless that when he said them they were nearly the same.6- Water was the drink du jour, unfortunately it could not be replenished fast enough to wash away the saltiness of the foods to come.7- Bread served was good, though a little dry around the crust. Typical of this kind of bread when it has been sliced ahead of time, due to its airiness, it tends to dry out quickly.8- Soup was carrot, decent though nothing really crazy or outstandingly Portuguese about. The chorizo on my end was delicious, however for 7$ there was very little of it. only 3/8 of an actual 8" sausage.9- After about 25 mins, part 2 our meal showed up. My GF decided to be adventurous and try snails instead of salad. Let's just say it didn't suit her tastes, mine either really there was a kind of fishy garlicky taste to it all that just was not apetizing. My feijoada, a mix of black beans, beef and pork (which parts? no one knows) was interesting but really more of a salt-assault.10- Finally the 'main course' so to speak as I had my 3rd tapas, the filet mignon, supposedly cooked to medium rare, though one would argue that what was served was really on the medium to medium well side of things. The Blue Cheese and Port sauce was tasty but got tiresome after two bites as it was simply far too rich. My GF's grilled chicken had a tasty coating but when one dug deeper to get to the meat, it had an odd sponginess to it with a fishy understated taste. Romado's has got Portuguese chicken down pat for way cheaper, so there is no reason to look elsewhere really. Her accompaniment was a mash of several veggies swimming in oil, not very appealing presentation wise nor all that tasty, oil too overpowering.11- Dessert was brief with 1 pasteis de natas (custard pie) oddly accentuated with chocolate sauce, why? It was flaky and moist, but for the menu price of 6$ you can get way better at any of the surrounding bakeries for way less.12- The confusion then began here. We paid with a deal we found online at a Groupon type site (20$ for 50$ worth of food) and it took about 15 minutes for our waiter and various staff to figure out the bill with this type of transaction. Add to this that the tip and taxes were paid in cash and we still needed to wait 10 mins to get 5$ in change, ridiculous if you ask me.13- Overall, the food was ok, overpriced with a lousy and overstressed wait staff. I will visit any of Montreal's finer Portuguese fair before coming back** out of *****
1	Horrible food.  I can't believe that the place was filled to capacity with such disgusting food.  I was so sick all night after eating here.  Will never go back.
1	My dear girlfriend and I both agreed to try out Chez le Portugais while searching for an eatery spot on St-Laurent.The place: Rather small, cosy, well located and has a traditional look to it.The food: The actual menu consists of low quality black and white paper pages stapled together. Beat that fancy restaurants! So we both had grilled chicken with potatoes. Very disappointing. Chicken was overly cooked and dry. Potatoes were average at best. Bread was also dry and brought to us too late. Pretty overpriced for very average food! The wine was ok though.The service: Despite the restaurant being rather unoccupied, we had to wait for our water, menus, food and another good 20 minutes for the bill. The waiter was unfriendly, didn't seem very pleased to explain to us the menu and he smelled. Ouch!Needless to say, there are so many great Portuguese restaurants in Montreal, that we will not go back here.
1	One of the worst restaurant I've ever went to. Would rather go back to McDonalds (something that I've not done in 8+ years) then to go back to this place. Avoid like the plague!!!
2	We were in the area, and heard that the area was a known for the Portuguese community, so we wanted to try the portuguese cusine. This restaurant looked good from the outside...The waiter who served us speak little english....well...we were used to it now that we had spent a few days in quebec city, and montreal...so he told us about this absolutely worthy chef tasting menu, that sounded really good...3 tasting portion of meats, including filet, chicken and 3 tasting portion of seafood, including escargos, squid and a seafood rice dish, and it comes with soup and salad....but my heart was kinda unsettling that i was wondering if i wanted the chef to "dictate" what i am eating...one of my friends don't like seafood, so she opted for ordering a la carte...The waiter went through things really fast, so i had a hard time following...my friend had to literally go to get him to make sure he didn't place the orders of the tasting menu before we were ready to order. The soup came and it was pretty good....quite promising....my friend's steak dish came, looked pretty good.....quite promising on how the rest of hte tasting menu would be....finally our seafood portions of tasting dish came...i was expecting that they would come course by course and in separate plates, instead, they came all on one plate that has 3 separate small compartments, kinda like those nuts/snack plates at party. No biggies. I am green, save dish, save water, save on dishwashing detergent....so you could imagine the portion is really small, like 2 bites, the taste if the dishes....mediocre at best...the same thing with the "land dishes"....i should have listened to my heart and went with a la carte....the dessert is the portguese tart...this one is better than those i had in Hong Kong/ Macau...but it wasn't warm or anything...we saw a tray of it sitting out next to the bar area, so they probably just grabbed from that tray....we should have be alerted when the serve asked if we were using coupon when we first walked in.....
5	Went to Chez le Portugais in a party of six July 6. We were a trilingual party (English-French-Portuguese) and our waiter (Henrique? or was that the owner?) spoke all three. We had Octopus (not on the menu I don't think), squid, fresh fish, salad, tapas of some sort for appetizers - I wish I remembered the details but everything was good and fresh, lots of garlic, very authentic, and since the restaurant was not crowded (although it was Saturday) we had two tables by the front window and it was lovely. Our friend (Portuguese speaking) who brought us here has good taste and I concur with her selection. I do not get the bad reviews - this place was great and I am picky. Frankly I would probably give it 4 stars not 5 - I would come back - but I have to do something to balance those awful reviews! And to my fellow Americans - this is Montreal - be patient with your English and try to learn a few words of French, please? It seems like some complaints were from those who didnt speak the language OR ordered the most boring item on the menu.
3	Came for a huge sit-down party in the banquet room and I have no complaints! The service was excellent and the food was tasty, especially the olive pesto pasta. I hear that the place is under new management. They are doing a great job. PS - there is free wifi!
4	Looking at past reviews, it appears there has been a change for the better. We went for a Prix fixe menu and were delighted at the quality. Just like home cooking at my Nona. Service was very friendly but relaxed pace. That's ok, what's your rush?There was also entertainment with a lively guitar player. Going back for sure.
5	Wonderful find while strolling St Laurent at 930pm New Year's Eve. No wait and no higher priced menu for the holiday.  We got great good, delicious flavor and kind service.  Our waiter took time to explain the bilingual menu (Portuguese?/French) and answer my questions.  He helped me pick some new things for my BF and I to try that we normally wouldn't have selected for ourselves.  The chef even came out to is to make sure we were enjoying everything while we indulged on the Portuguese sampler selection. It was amazing.  Be sure to save some of the table bread to soak up the yummy sauces in it.  From there we ordered our meals from off of the tapas menu which can be made into full plates or stay as tapas.  I went with the cod and BF picked the chicken picante.  We loved it all.  Great food quality with an amazing mix of flavor made this a great place to end the year.
