4	Always love grabbing a first...I have a lot of customers in the Vegas area, and I stopped here last Thursday just to get a quick bite between meetings. I saw the sign on the 15S for this Wendy's I am a fan... NOTE: it's about 3 miles off the highway, not right off the highway as I assumed it was.Anyway, I knew they had a new menu, and I said what the heck, I'll give it a shot. I got the new D.T. original 1/4 lb burger combo, total was just over 6$, pretty decent deal! The sea salted fries were about the same as before, and service at this location was about average.Clientele was very blue collar, quiet atmosphere, a nice Wendy's... Just remember, its a bit off the highway...
1	Bad service! Slow , food isn't always fresh.went 2 days ago said were waiting on fresh fries bs they were not fresh looked like they were thrown in the oil again !!i just hate the fact that they lie o and it seems like everyone thAt works their is lazy af don't even try to give you yore order correct nd fresh !
1	I live down the street & every time I drive by this place, the thought always comes to my head:"This place doesn't look like it serves decent fast food" I should've listened to myself.Went through the drive through & ordered a number 2 lol......It was literally cold, had to put it in my microwave, tasted like it was out for awhile, pretty old. The frosty had the straw wrapper at the bottom, didn't see it in there till it got sucked in through my straw & tasted the paper, my cup of soda was almost completely full of ice, a lot of ice little drink. And not even 15 minutes after finishing this terrible meal I'm already sitting on the Jon number two-ing this stuff, so unless you like the runs- I wouldn't recommend this place.
1	After reading some of these reviews I'm glad to know I'm not the only one who thinks this Wendy's is horrible.  My hubby and I have come here at least 5 times since living close by here and every single time we come we come thru the drive-thru and  they never have anything ready.  We have to wait for 5 to 10 min for the food. Sometimes the food doesn't even taste fresh and they are always missing something in our order.  I don't know how hard it is for the employees to work there or what they're doing in there to mess up orders and not have fresh food ready but this location needs to get it together.  My husband and I said we weren't coming back to this location again.
