3	The Common House Restaurant is the new kid on the block. Okay.... make that the POPULAR new kid on the block.I eagerly monitored the preparations and grand opening sign as I walked my dog through the neighborhood during the late fall/early winter months. The Common House, conveniently located on Central Avenue, spans the area between Elizabeth and Plaza-Midwood, where casual restaurants abound (i.e., NOFO on Liz, Carpe Diem, Cajun Queen, Dish, Zada Jane's, Intermezzo, etc., etc.). As Common House has only been open for five weeks, this review is hardly comprehensive; it is based on my first dining experience and initial impressions. Having said that, I definitely will return for a followup later.On first walk-through, Common House presents itself as sleek, modern, and understated: think Tribeca in the go-go yuppie era. Its open dining and bar area, high industrial ceilings, track lighting with gleaming Murano pendants, polished wood floors, and large plate-glass windows give it a hip, urban feel. On second impression, WHAT DID YOU SAY? the reverberating volume coming from the bar-goers and three televisions competed with the concept of casual dining. I wasn't sure whether I was in a smallish restaurant with a spacious bar, or a ginormous bar with restaurant seating. Perhaps early on Friday evenings (like tonight, 27 February 2009) it can accommodate both, but I will hope the bar volume (and possibly the televisions) will be turned down later in the evening to allow guests to have a calmer experience. Maybe my hearing isn't what it used to be, but it's probably because I spent many years in restaurants shouting to be heard. The menu, on first glance, looks uncomplicated but well-thought-out, with an emphasis placed on local ingredients. We started with the Cajun wings, pleasantly moist and smoky, and well-complemented with a creamy blue cheese dip. My entree, chicken scallopini served over mashed potatoes with artichokes and mushroom sauce, arrived warm, the rather bland, breaded breast had only four or five canned artichoke hearts on the side. The mashed potatoes, however, were creamy and the mushroom sauce pleasantly sauteed. My friends did better, especially with the Fried Green Tomato BLT. The taste of that sandwich was a tour-de-force: slightly crunchy Texas toast, hickory-sweet bacon, and gorgeously prepared lightly-fried green tomatoes, served with a spicy mayonnaise. Next time I visit, I will study the sandwich menu carefully.There was an extensive selection of wine, boutique-brewed and draft beer- all moderately priced. Our service was efficient and pleasant, although the loud (and no doubt thirsty) bar crowd seemed to compete with some of the servers' attention.One tip we learned as we left: when warm weather hits, patio seating will open. I look forward to returning then to see how The Common House fares. If my first experience is an indication, I look forward to many pleasant evenings there. I'll let you know and get back to ya. How's that?
3	FYI: the entrance to the Common House is in the BACK. I say this upfront so that you, gentle readers, will not suffer my same fate of banging on the front glass door of this restaurant for an extremely long 30 seconds in an attempt to enter a door that is apparently NOT the entrance while horrified diners looked on. Yes, this actually happened. Once I figured out where the entrance was, I refrained from making eye-contact with any of my fellow patrons and sheepishly  took a seat at the bar. After my friend joined me, we ordered an app of fried green tomatoes and a burger. We were really there for a drink, and it turned out that they were out of much of the wine since the restaurant had just opened. After sipping on our drinks for a really REALLY long time, the house manager came by to me to tell me that the kitchen had lost my order. He was really nice about it and comped my order, but it seemed strange that my order would get lost when we were there on a slow weekday night. I'm guessing that Common House is just working out their kinks, so I don't hold that against them. The food seemed good the space was nice. I would kindly suggest, however, that a few signs noting the correct entrance be added.
3	Half price appetizers from 4-7, at least on Wednesday when we were there. i thought the wings were pretty outstanding for not being a wings joint. Very flavorful, Cajun spice, but if you're looking for hardcore super spicy, they're not, but they are good and i would definitely get them again.  For the other appetizer we tried the shrimp and pimento cheese dip with crusty bread, consensus was we probably wouldn't get that one again. It wasn't bad, but it reminded me of something my mom tried to make once at home and it just didn't come out right.  For a sandwich, we decided to split the Fried Green Tomato BLT sandwich. i'm not a fan of tomatoes so i won't judge, but it seems they aren't so bad when they are fried and green. The special lady friend did however say, "i liked it" when she was done, so there you go. As much as i enjoy good beer, i won't pass up a $1.50 PBR draft. That is the everyday price on the menu, not too shabby. Or there is 1/2 price bottles of wine.We parked in the back gravel lot behind the handicap parking lot. Note: there is ample handicap parking. Also note, despite what the other reviewer said, you can in fact come in the front door, which would have been a quicker walk had we parked on the side street.
4	I've been to the Common House a few more times, and I have to say that this place is growing on me.  Today, for father's day, my family and I went here and had the nicest lunch.  Our waitress was great, the food was low-priced, but very tasty, and even though we lingered at our table catching-up for far too long, we never felt pressured to leave (rather, our waitress kept coming by to ask to refill our glasses).  I find this place very charming, and I really like the fact that they try to use local food (Grateful Grower's meats!)  Also, as a fyi, in my visits there, I've tried the Fried Pickles (even better than the Penguin!), Shrimp Burger, Veggie Plate and Fried Green Tomato Sandwich, and all were great.  My dad also had the spaghetti carbornora today and it was out-of-sight.
3	The Common House was good.  I think "A-OK" is the perfect way to describe it.  There were parts of the meal that were fantastic and others that were average, so the experience is somewhere in the middle.  We started with shrimp and pimento cheese dip that we both found to be a little too greasy and not really that flavorful.  My favorite part was actually the crispy Texas toast that were the dippers.  For dinner, I had the seasonal fish with succotash and whole grain mustard butter sauce.  The fish was delicious!   It was local Carolina mountain trout and they gave me two huge pieces smothered in yummy tangy mustard sauce.  The server said the fish selections change based on what's seasonal and fresh, and this trout was fresh for sure. However, the succotash wasn't that great and instead of lima beans (which is one of the reasons I love succotash), there were red beans, possibly kidney beans, that had been either cooked or canned to the point of mush.  My boyfriend had the chicken scallopine on a bed of mashed potatoes and his was awesome!   The sauce was lemony and buttery and oh so yummy and the portion was so big, there was even some leftover.  That's a rarity for my boy.  The beer selection isn't bad, but I wanted Chimay White, which they were out of.  If I see Chimay on tap, I'm all over it, so that was a little disappointing.  They did have Delirium instead and that's a similar type of beer, so it was all good.  Our service was great, but we were one of maybe three tables in the whole place, so I can't speak for how things would be a busy night.
4	Common house provides great bang for the buck.  Menu standouts include the fried pickles and the shrimp burger.  The "fish of the day" is ALWAYS NC Mountain Trout.  It would be great if they served something different like snapper once in a while.On top of being a great restaurant, Common House is a good place to watch a game, and the staff are always very friendly.I'm glad the place is doing well.
5	check out the goin's on this SAT:http://charlottecommonhouse.com/page/6084-Pig-Pickin-Oyster-Roastall for a good cause...one of my favorite places, great food (from the FANTASTIC tiger wings) to the pastas and beef....great drink and food specials (1/2 price apps weekdays from 4-6), owners are great guys, just a good place to hang
4	Cool atmophere and a big bar area.  Food was pretty good too. Corn hole out back too!
1	The only thing good about this place was our waitress. I went for brunch with my sister and a friend, and by the end of the meal we were so disappointed we just wanted to get out of there, never to speak of it again. I don't know why yelpers are giving The Common House so many stars, so I'll give it 1 star so you can realistically know what to expect. We started with drinks - I had a Mimosa (it was ok)  and they had  Bloody Marys that they sent back, but for $3 I didn't expect much. Next, we ordered the fried green tomatoes as an appetizer, and they were not as tender or seasoned as they should have been (I know how to make these and mine are wayyyy better), plus the chipotle dip didn't taste right with that dish.We thought that maybe the main dishes would fare better, but we were wrong. I ordered the common house breakfast special (eggs, sweet potato hash browns, bacon, grapes, bread, and that bad fried green tomato) which was ok, but I felt the sweet potato "hash browns" (the only reason I ordered the breakfast)  were misrepresented. They were just sauteed potato cubes and they weren't all sweet potatoes. My sis ordered the shrimp burger which she promptly sent back because of it's fishy taste. My friend ordered the southern chicken which was slightly burnt, causing her to call the meal "depressing".Overall it was a disappointing experience, and I will never subject myself to that again.
4	We came here with the family for a small birthday celebration.  It was early in the evening, so everything was quick and fresh.  We all liked the fried green tomatoes and crispy buffalo wings appetizers a whole lot, and there were plenty to share among us as a snack.  I ordered the veggie plate to try a sampling and loved the shells & cheese and beets.  The cole slaw was a bit on the mayo side but I prefer vinegar-based myself.  The Trout was tender and not too fishy, but the steak was slightly overdone (we ordered medium rare, and it was more medium to medium well).  We were disappointed they didn't have the bread pudding this evening, substituting a very chocolate brownie in its place, but were delighted with the sweet potato pound cake with a side of vanilla bean ice cream.  Everything was extremely fresh.
5	The Common House delivers everything that they say of themselves with just the right amount of comfort and reasonable pricing.  The restaurant is a great new addition to Charlotte's Plaza-Midwood area and should become a great stop for anyone looking for a decent reasonable meal, a great bar drink in a very clean, pleasant environment.
5	The Common House is getting better and better.  My wife and I went here for our anniversary - thought about going to some fancy schmancy place but then decided to put our $ into our local restaurant.  We were not disappointed!  We ordered some special pasta dish which was $20 for two people.  There was so much food and it was so so good.  We also got half price appetizers because we snuck in just before 6 pm.  And they had a good beer selection - we had OMB (local brewery).  I even went here recently with a bunch of really old men and the staff probably thought we were NAMBLA members because I'm not that old.  And these frisky senior citizens loved it and they are picky ole codgers!  Aunt Em's meatloaf - get it now!  Great place - cool vibe, scrum-dilicious food.  Check it.  Peace out.
4	Still the same rating for this place, which offers solid food and drink for a reasonable price.  I especially value the way they take customer satisfaction seriously and pay attention to the quality of their food.However, I'm writing an update to call attention to the fact that Tuesday nights are trivia nights at Common House.  We went last night for dinner and found this out by surprise.  It was a blast, free to play, and if you're in the top three teams, the team wins a CH gift certificate (which sadly we did not).Anyway, it's a nice new development for an already great spot.
3	Finally got here after intending to for months. Surprisingly veg friendly with a ton of app options and some rad entrees. The specials are often vegetarian too, which rules. I probably should have stuck with a menu main rather than having them take the bacon off of the BLT and put a fried egg on there instead - the sammich was pretty meh, the texas toast overwhelming everything else. Fried pickles were artfully done, but I guess I prefer less refined versions. OMB on tap, huzzah! Service was nervous and slow, but I'll be back. Maybe for Tuesday Trivia!
2	The food was average at best.  We started with the spinach and artichoke dip, it was possibly the worst I have ever eaten.  It was watery and lacked taste.  I was disappointed that there was a $2 charge to substitute shells and cheese for fries.  They also charged .50 for a very small amount of ranch dressing.  The server was dismissive and rude.  He rarely returned to the table, never asked if we wanted another beer or anything else to drink.
3	I want to give this place 4 stars. Why? It's somewhat upscale, with reasonable beer prices. Service is pretty well informed. They have a great drink selection, and even do veg specials regularly. But I can't. Why? Space and seating is a tad uncomfy. Food is solidly good, but bland. I understand they're doing updated Southern, but part of the fun in that is offering a fusion dish or two - a la Dish's sweet 'tater and greens burrito, or Lulu's Southern Benedict. For veggies, at least, there are three options that run the over-used gambit of roasted veg sandwich, veg plate, and *gasp* pasta in cheese sauce. Yawn.
1	I'll start with an 85.5 sanitation grade. Come on. I'll then go into bewilderment why anybody could call what they serve here "solid food". Those people must be regular McDonalds customers. I understand the drink part, they run drink specials all the time, and as a bar, they hit that mark. However, anyone that could call the food here reasonably priced, or anything but mediocre at best, has simply either never been in a decent restaurant, or is devoid of taste buds. The unoriginal menu scavenges from the numerous and much better surrounding establishments, but charges an average of 4$ more per dish. They also buy the cheapest possible ingredients from whatever food supplier they use, right down to the generic ketchup. If you're looking for a bar with cheap drinks and fair atmosphere in a great neighborhood, then its worth a shot. If you don't want to get sick to your stomach, either don't eat or stick to the bevy of over-priced, fried, fare (at least the germs are killed that way) and try not to catch a glimpse of the strategically placed sanitation grade on your way out.
2	Meh, pretty much says it all.  From what I hear the management changes sometime earlier this year and pretty much screwed this place up.  The story goes that some "silent" partners decided to speak up and make some changes for the better.  Unfortunately, most silent partners are silent for a reason.  They took an interesting neighborhood gastropub-esque restaurant and turned it into another generic Charlotte bar.  The pot roast and the meat loaf were essentially the same thing, but surprisingly the pot roast was drier!  It was served with wilted romaine lettuce mixed in to a gelatinous brown salt mixture, which I suspect was whipped up with a generous portion of corn starch and bullion cubes.  Skip it.
2	What used to be a great place has went to hell since Ryan, Andrew & Mike were squeezed out......food that used to be pretty good is now very poor, most of the old help/bartenders have left, and an 85 RATING!!*(^!@...SERIOUSLY!!!!!...with all the great places in that area is there really any reason to go here anymore????
2	The Common House is awkward.The food is average to below average. They are trying too hard with the typical Plaza Midwood/Southern love of fried pickles (if you want good fried pickles- go to the Penguin...we really don't need anymore in 28205). The restaurant itself is awkwardly designed. We sat in a side room with a fireplace (or at least it looked like a fake one) and horrible art of the Charlotte skyline. We felt like we were in a bonus room in a suburban home.We really want to like the Common House. It is a great location. We went back for brunch. Brunch consisted of 4 dull items. The pimento cheese omelet was lacking the pimento cheese.Positive: The bloody mary's are excellent (I am very judgmental about bloody mary's...I like them spicy). The Common House does throw great events- like the oysterfest thing that they had last fall.
4	I always go for lunch and have good service and good food.The wait staff is friendly and is exactly what you need when you're searching central ave. Yeah there are the ol' standbys that get crowded and food is always subpar or average. But the one thing that stands out at Common House is the consistency. No matter how busy, food is good and you get in and out in about an hour. Yeah its a typical wannabe upscale bar which seems out of place in the middle of PM but I think its exactly what people want. Which is why its still there.
4	I don't understand all the poor reviews.  First off, do we really need to give a place bad marks if you don't like the art work?  If we want to go that route, the Common House has a beautiful old-style bar that brings up images of the 20s. But I digress.The food here is above average.  The pimento cheese fries (topped with bacon) are a great change from the overdone bar food variety.  The food is flavorful and the burgers tasty.  There are also several vegetarian options on the menu.The big thing that keeps me coming back here are the drink specials and great selection on tap.  There are enough options on tap to keep any beer lover happy.
3	I really want to love this place but after numerous visits it just has not wow'd me.  The best thing I have had on the menu are their hushpuppies which is why I have been coming back to this place the BF just loves them.  However we have come to find out they do not offer these till dinner time on Sundays why?This was my first visit for breakfast and I ordered the loaded mashed potato omelet different and tasty could have used a little more bacon and sour cream.  I tried my man's french toast and that was excellent.  Service was pretty good and I do enjoy the atmosphere.  I'm sure I will continue to dine here I really hope one day I will be WOW'd
2	Went to Common House before a show yesterday. The atmosphere is very nice- but the stars given do not reflect this- only the food and service.Our server was very quiet. I found it hard to hear her and there were two other bodies in the entire restaurant. She did ask if we were seeing a show later that evening which I thought was perceptive. We were given two hearty slices of delicious bread with drizzled olive oil and pepper (probably my favorite part of the meal)...unfortunately we were limited to one piece each so that was kind of a bummer. My friend and I decided to split a bottle of red ($33 Very good!) and then each split two dishes - an gnocchi dish with lobster and walnuts and  a Squash Ravioli. My friend and I commented that we both loved a lot of the fall ingredients that were used. The ravioli was horribly salty-and overcooked. The flavors were there but both the broth and filling were just way too salty. Our server asked how are meal was and when I mentioned it was too salty she said "thanks for telling me" but did nothing. I have to say I was a bit floored. Our other dish was very good- not the best gnocchi Ive ever had( I dont think they are freshly made) but the sauce was very original. We split the check and had a $20 off coupon but it still came to $40 per person without tip. For the price I was unimpressed. I may try brunch if someone suggests it but I probably wont return for dinner.
