4	Traditional Scottish fare. Awesome atmosphere. Perfect warm cozy pub on a rainy humid spring day. I had the Meat Pie. WOOHOOO!! The gravy, the "chunky chips" (with malt vinegar drizzled on them)  The philo pastry dough placed on top of the meat. DELISH! The pints are reasonably priced and the service is fabulous! There were more tourist than locals, but you got the delectable pub food/atmosphere experience without the stinkeye from the local peeps.Would definitely go back!
4	I ordered the haggis with neeps and tatties and a side of black pudding -- I'm a tourist, I just had to, it was expected of me.As I was eating, enjoying pint after pint of Guiness (on the beer's "head" the bartender "drew" a shamrock -- it's that kind of place), some guy came up to me and asked "Are you an American?" I replied "No, I'm a New Yorker... why?" He said "Because your shirt is really cool and I love the book you're reading, it restores my faith in the citizens of the country I now call home." I thanked him and apologized for my initial rudeness.I assumed he was trying to flirt with my friend (who is very young, beautiful, and extremely intelligent), but when I went to the bathroom apparently he told her that I'm "really amazing and super cute."So this tourist trap (with good food, a decent selection of beers and whiskeys, all at affordable prices) was the host and witness to me meeting someone absolutely incredible -- we spent the next few days and nights together, attached at the hip -- Yay! I'm a fan.
4	I heard Deacon Brodie was a part-time locksmith as well as a cabinetmaker. which is how he was able to make the copies of the keys. He also got found out in Amsterdam by writing his mistress from there leaving his return address in the letter, and the police found it when they searched all his mistress' houses. He was ironically hung on his own scaffold he designed and built on Grassmarket street! Rich.
3	I am a man now. I had haggis for breakfast here. It's too touristy, but then again, what do you expect? I used to go here for a drink as it is relatively close to the stop for the Aircoach. Pints are 50-60 p cheaper if you walk 2 streets away from the Royal Mile, but, then again, if it's only the one pint you're having, who cares?Nice, but nothing special. Good if you're a tourist.
4	This place was just what I needed, a dark yet pretty little place to have a drink.  I really liked the walls and the ceiling.  It's got history, but being on the royal mile, is now a tourist spot.  That said, as a tourist, you should definitely hit it.
4	As one might surmise from the majority of reviewers bearing US locations, Deacon Brodie's draws a tourist crowd. Situated on the Royal Mile this is to be expected, and, being a yank myself, I'm no exception.The pub downstairs is inviting, and the restaurant is upstairs, though rather on the small side. After walking up to the castle and stopping at shops along the way, Deacon Brodie's Tavern offers a nice respite with a pint of your favorite brew. Upstairs, the restaurant can get crowded depending on what time you go, though if you're early enough you won't have a problem. And it's not just tourists: along with the group of septuagenarians in matching caps, there was a Scottish wedding party that came in - both of which added considerably to the wait time. I was fortunately already seated with a plate of fish and chips and a pint of Tennent's. Everything was good, though nothing was exceptional. The fish was crispy on the outside, flaky inside, though could have done with a dash of vinegar, which I had difficulty obtaining from the harried waitress.In the end, the warm atmosphere and cozy, low-ceilinged space with all the traditional pints and dishes makes Deacon Brodie's a prime stop on the Royal Mile.
2	What would you say was the shortest amount of time you have ever spent in a pub? A pint, a chat and a good look around should take around an hour, no?Withing 15 minutes of this place, I was ready to leave. Yes, I was prepared for the touristyness of it all - but Deacon Brodies takes it to a whole new level.Drinks are astronomically expensive, so is the poor quality food and the atmosphere is an odd mixture of nervousness at being in a real scottish pub (from the tourists i imagaine) and overwhelming boredom - simply because this place has very little charm or character. Deacons looks nice, and is comfortable enough, and I'm pretty sure tourists will love it, but stay away if you value your sanity locals!
2	I feel as a local, I should give Deacon Brodies two stars based on it's ridiculously expensive drinks, poor food and bad chat from the staff. As well as the fact it is always packed with tourists so it takes forever to get served.If I was a tourist I would love this place. Scottish themed (as is every pub in the Royal Mile) with fish and chips and haggis on the menu, this offers everything tourists want from a bar in Edinburgh. If you are looking for an authentic, good pub experience then you need to get away from Deacon Brodies and the Royal Mile.I do enjoy the story on the menu though.
3	Och aye the noo!Wur braw Scots in here like, help ma boab!Slightly overpriced, dirty, and not remotely Scottish. Leave it to the tourists.
3	This place has such a big reputation which  I didn't even know about!! Tourists lap this sh*t up!It's pretty standard, tourists listen up - you'll love it in here. It just sounds Scottish doesn't it? Deacon Brodies, aye make mine a whiskey!!The atmosphere is good, the food is average and the drinks are reasonable, so all in all not bad!
3	Deacon's is a tourist bar through and through. Not surprising seeing as it's on the Mile, just down from the Castle, but if you're a regular avoid it. The pub itself is pretty average, but it will annoy you with its excessive Scottishness and it is way too overpriced.Avoid it if you can, as although it's not terrible, there are much better pubs around. Leave it to the tourists that don't know any better
4	This place serves one of the best pub dinner that we had while we were in Scotland. We kept talking what a great food we had while we were travelling through Scotland for 3 weeks! It was that good. Situated right on the Royal Mile, this place gets packed with pub customer (downstairs) and the restaurant (upstairs). The line for the restaurant was pretty long but it worth a wait. We started from skink with smoked hadduck - a very traditional Scottish soup. It was very creamy and hearty. Lovely flavor and very filling. Also tried Haggis with Neeps and Tatties (appetizer) - haggis with mashed potato and melted cheese all over it. It was our first haggis experience and it was GOOD! I was surprised haggis was this good (as mostly people makes face as they talk about haggis!). We had Scottish salmon and shrimp salad and fish cake salad for dinner. Scottish salmon was swimming out of my dish as it was fresh and plenty of it. Fish cake was also very tasty - moist inside but crunchy outside. Salad was very big and with 2 appetisers we had, we were more than stuffed after our very delicious Scottish dinner. Although the restaurant was very busy and packed, service was very good. We needed to wait for the soup for a while but the our server was very friendly and I could see that she was trying really hard to find out what was going on in the kitchen. Great service, personable and very warm. We enjoyed dining here.
4	This may be a tourist bar, but the food is great, the beer is cold and the servers were attentive. Skip the downstairs pub and head toward the back. Climb the old staircase up to the second story and settle in for some good, scottish grub. Shepherd's Pie, Stew, Lamb, tasty potatoes. Just a little shy of some greens (veggies) , but that's true everywhere in Scotland.
1	No. No. No. No.You couldn't drag me in here again by my hair and I am pretty sure that most of my dinning companions would agree.I ordered the day's roast (turkey) with mash, Yorkshire puddings, and vegetables. The Yorkshire puddings that Deacon Brodies served where unanimously voted the worst Yorkshire puddings ever served - this from a table of Brits! Greasy, soggy, inedible. They were left on the plate with most of the rest of the food served to me. The turkey was dry, the gravy congealed, and the vegetables bland. It may have been the worst meal I had while in Europe for two weeks (and I can say this after having eaten breakfast at Victoria Station in London - gag).The damnation of Deacon Brodies doesn't stop with my order...Two other members of our party ordered the Haggis with neeps and tatties . They were served the smallest portions I have ever seen in a restaurant (and I love Tapas!). No gravy. The nips weren't mashed up enough - a LARGE chunk of veg was stuck in the middle of the serving portion. Really unappetizing. It was a sad sad representation of Scotland's finest culinary offer.The straw that broke the camel's back? Bad beer.Two of the people we were with ordered a beer that they have had many times before. Both of them came to the conclusion that the beer served at Deacon's was bad. The taste was wrong and they couldn't even gag it down. When we called the server over to deal with the situation he tasted the beer and declared to the table, "Nothing is wrong with this beer. That is the taste."Really? The brewery makes beer that tastes rotten and stale? Interesting concept.They did not offer a new beer. They did not offer a different beer. They did not offer to remove the beers from the check. In fact,  no solution to the problem was ever offered other than that the beer was fine.Outstanding.Deacon Brodies, you lose.
3	This was the first place I went to arriving into Edinburgh. Its connection with History makes it a must go to place on the Royal Mile for food. The service is friendly and there's a friendly family-run atmosphere about it. They even have special beers down in the cellar! I started with a fish chowder appetizer which was really big, it nearly ruined my appetite for the steak stuffed with haggis. I ate about half of that and I was ready to box up the rest to take back to my hotel room for later. Thing about that, though, is that there is no "takeaway". The restaurant never bothered getting a license for doggie bags, as such a separate license is needed around here. Furthermore, tipping must be done in cash whereas the rest of the bill can be paid with credit card. Be prepared for that.
2	This place has this magic ability to take my high spirits and good mood, and turn it right around.  Last time I came here (no idea why we chose DBs) The Man and I got pints, found a table, and somehow lost the ability to have a conversation because the jolly was just sucked right out of us.  It was bright and packed and expensive.  I have friends who used to work here because we were all in student residence around the corner and it was conveniently located.  Oh the stories I would hear about the kitchen staff being high and/or drunk while working and the issues they used to have with getting orders a) correct and b) in a timely manner.  I worked in food service for over two years and the stories still managed to shock me.  I'm not saying this place is awful, it just lacks any redeemable qualities which would make up for the negative.  If you're looking for a place to get a drink and a bite on the Mile, do yourself a favour and head just one block down to just about any of the pubs below George IV.  You will still get the Scottish theme, but your experience will be much more enjoyable.
4	C'mon y'all! This place is right smack on the royal mile from the castle to attract tourists like me who have been walking way too long and the last meal was a very distant memory. Solid pub food, fish and chips, done just right and not greasy, haggis appetizer (perfect for an introduction to the national cuisine to a somewhat reluctant taster), and yummy beer. Very friendly, great view upstairs of the royal mile, and a welcome relief to being plied by tartan makers to buy a kilt that loosely resembles what your 3 generations removed ancestors might have worn. Argh! Good times.
3	I'm not a native, but I know enough to avoid restaurants and pubs on the Royal Mile. However, one day the boy and I were in the area, the restaurant we meant to patronize was closed and we were tired, hungry and desperate so we sucked it up and ducked in.The dining room upstairs is nice enough, and the view is great if you can get a table by the window. We got close enough, and as it was a nice day, the windows were open, letting in a good breeze and the noise of the Mile. The restaurant itself was packed with tourists (of course) and the tables were constantly full, even though it was that awkward hour between lunch and supper. I wasn't starving, and put off by the high prices so that I just ordered an appetizer (they do have a cheaper 'light lunch' section but it's only available on weekdays) while the boy had sausage and mash. We each ordered a pint, and waited.And waited.And waited.Honestly, the service was dead slow. As busy as the restaurant was, the tables were well staggered and the dining room isn't huge to begin with. It took ages to get the first pint, even longer for the second (changing out the tap, they said) and thrice as long for the food. When it did arrive, it was tasty enough, but how can you mess up sausage & mash and fried mushrooms? It's a bit of a shame, as it's a nice old building with a lot of history, but its location makes it a tourist trap that sacrifices service and raises prices to near ridiculous standards. Lesson: learned.
3	Nice pub, very touristy. In the upstairs part, the food is very good, but the ambiance not even remotely comparable to downstairs.Downstairs the selection of real ales is awesome. Why does leaving your business card get you sparkly wine? Why not one of these awesome beers or whiskies? I found it pretty cool that they count how many hand pumped ales they pump every week. The week before I was there: 1987. Cool.
2	When I think of this place I think, meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh. Came by here the other day as my brother got scooped into this tourist trap. I realy didn't want to eat here but thought I shouldn't be fussy and thought to myself 'katie, maybe don't be so picky, it might not be that bad' The food was.. okay. The service was SLOW, and it took forever for someone to let us leave!! We waited to pay for ages. Actually the service was so bad we didn't tip (eek!) I hope I never get dragged back into here for food. I'll have a pint.. but thats it. Theres so many better places around.
4	So, after reading a few of the reviews on here I see a common theme... The staff and the food.Location - This place is situated on the Royal Mile, so I was worried that it was a typical tourist trap.  I was pleased to see that the place seemed low-key when I entered.  It definately wasn't pushing itself off on everyone.Staff - The staff was VERY slow to seat us.  There were already 4 people seated and this seemed to be overwhelming the only waitress on duty.  (There were 2 waitresses, but one was eating her lunch in the middle of the dinning area.)  Once we were seated, the took our drink order, took our starter order, brough our drinks and took our meal order.The food was slow to be prepared, but that is not the wait staff's fault.  It is however their fault that they again appeared to be overwhelmed with the small amount of people actually seated.  I've run an entire bar and grill with only 2 staff members and EVERYONE was helped immediately and quickly.  Nothing overwhelming about it.  We certainly never ate in front of the customers and NEVER ate if we had to help the customers.Food - The food was excellent!  We had a starter of wings, tomato and basil soup, haggis with neeps & tatties.  For meals we had rib eye steaks, sausage and mash, steak and ale pie, and a burger.  I'll say again, all of the food was excellent!  Nothing disappointed, not even the side dishes.  I cannot believe that some people didn't enjoy the food. (Must be an British thing.)Overall, I'm glad that my wife found this place on our little walk.  None of us regreted it and if I'm back in Edinburgh any time soon, I'll be back.  Hopefully the next time I will get a proper wait staff.
4	As tourists in the UK, we accidentally ended up in a Nicholson's Pub a few times.  On the one hand, it's disappointing to realize you're in a chain, but on the other hand, they do a good job of making each pub has its own feel.  We went to one in the Picadilly area of London, one in York, and Deacon Brodies in Edinburgh.  I'm a fan of "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde", so this was an especially interesting spot.Deacon Brodies is touristy by location, but the location is great.  The view from the windows is beautiful, and it's convenient to everything.  The kitchen is slow, and we were told we could sit and drink but it would be forty minutes until our food arrived, which was odd.  At any rate, our server was friendly and at least didn't ignore us until we could order.  When food did arrive, it was great. My husband loved his black and blue burger, and I had my first bangers and mash.  Probably the most unhealthy meal of my life, but a great one-- The Gloucester Old Spot sausages were wonderful and I'd eat the gravy as soup.  And the potatoes-- both my mashed and his fries-- were amazing.  I wish potatoes in America were like potatoes in the UK.I'm sure there's more authentic pubs in Edinburgh, but if you're on the Royal Mile and hungry or thirsty, this is a solid choice.
2	We went here because we were on the Royal Mile, we were hungry and we'd eaten at Nicholson's Greyfriar's Bobby a few days ago.  So we thought GREAT!We were so wrong!It was crowded, the head waitress (hostess?) was grousing about lost keys to the office, it was hot (or chilly - people kept opening the windows which created a chilly breeze - we watch 4-5 parties move tables), the meal (same as we'd had at Greyfriar's) was cold (chicken & mushroom pie), overdone (beef rib pie) and both had, in our opinion, very thick pastry crusts (trying to make up for not as much inside?). The cod fish & chips was good.Waitstaff all appeared busy, but the dining room is upstairs, so food was coming up in a dumbwaiter.  The main bar was on the ground level, but there was a mini-bar area in the dining area.I don't see how anybody in a wheelchair could get to the dining room, but then again, when these buildings were built, that wasn't an issue.
3	I have stopped by this pub for a bite to eat and ale a few times.  It is conveniently located on the Royal Mile so it receives a lot of business.  The pub is on the main floor but if you want to sit down and eat some dinner, they do have a dining area upstairs.  While in Scotland, I wanted to try Haggis and Deacon Brodies was the place that happened.  I wasn't really sure what I was getting myself into with the Haggis, but I was pleasently surprised, it is similar to Shepards Pie.  I was satisfied with Deacon Brodies each time I've been there and would recommend it while in Edinburgh.
4	I can't believe I forgot to review this during my UK loggings.  All I really got to say is delicious.However, that makes for a boring review of a place, so a few more words.  I went on Halloween, so all the service staff is in costumes, which was a fun touch.  They were friendly and quick. Anyway, ordered the wild boar burger with chorizo.  Who thought of this idea? They should get a medal.  This is completely out of the realm of what I was expecting in food terms.  It was quite the burger.This place gets the seal of approval.  Would go back if I ever get back out there.
1	First place I've ever felt like the waitress hated me. Paid, waited 10 minutes for a pop. Ordered again. Then asked what I was waiting for--all by the same person, in a place that was NOT busy (we were one of three couples eating there). Food is shite, too.  Burnt pie, mashed potatoes that were stiff, ew on the carrots (also burnt, how do you burn carrots?)  Almost legitimately broke a tooth on the shepards pie.
1	When I told one of my coworkers that I was going to Edinburgh for a few days he exclaimed, "You HAVE to go to Deacon Brodies and have a pint for me!" and to that I obviously said, "Done!"  Sooooooooo, fast forward to being on a double decker tour bus and seeing Deacon Brodies.  Mental note taken; must go to Royal Mile and walk into this joint for Dave.  Well, the boyfriend and I walked in thinking we would quickly use the toilets (or as I would say, bathroom) and then grab a drinky-poo.  If my bathroom experience was any indication of what my drinking experience would be like, I had zero interest in exploring further.  I've never seen a woman's bathroom that had urine EVERYWHERE.  Seriously, do women in Scotland not understand the concept of excreting their waste into the toilet bowl?  I was afraid to even touch the faucet to wash  my hands in the event that they somehow peed there too.  And then I walked out with toilet paper on my shoe, to which my man obviously mocked me for (orrrrr as one would say.. taking the piss).  GROSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.  We obviously skipped the idea of imbibing here.
3	Good pub on the corner in the middle of the Royal Mile. Probably paying a little extra for the location.
1	We ended up getting eating lunch at Deacon Brodies while touring the Royal Mile. This corner two story pub has some great old world pub feel, and I would probably been much happier with my visit had I just got fish'n chips or a burger.  But since I'm on vacation I  want to treat myself with their aged steak, horrible.  25 pounds for a tough stringy piece of cartilage, I've had much better steak at Waffle House for lots less. I have a hard time believing this was actually aged as it was listed on the menu. Even my wife's burger was lousy.We ate upstairs, the place was very busy packed with tourist, & understaffed. The waitresses were obviously straining to keep up. This pub would probably be great for a drink, but on a busy day I would rather go another block or two to find some where else a little less overwhelmed.
3	One of my favorite pubs on the royal mile. Always had great service when I have gone in and the food and beer is quite tasty I think. Not as expensive as some of the pubs on the mile but not cheap. I really enjoy their Haggis there I recommend it.
3	The best thing about this bar is its location. At the top of Cockburn St and on the Royal Mile, it gets a lot of footfall. But there's nothing stand out about it. Average (Edinburgh) pricing, average booze, not much in the way of personality. It does the job if you're nipping in for a quick pint after work or in the mood for something low key and there's nothing wrong with it. It's just not very exciting.
3	I've been to Deacon Brodie's several times (it is where I had my first plate of haggis), and I have to say that although it can be a bit of a tourist trap, it is fine for a pint or two. Also, it is one of the few bars in town that actually sells souvenir T-Shirts which is a nice thing for the wide-eyed tourist. Location and price of a pint hit the mark, but food is pretty much served upstairs.Now, I hate to admit it but Deacon's haggis is some of my favorite in Edinburgh..somehow that just seems wrong in such a touristy place. The Deacon Brodie legend is also very cool and adds to the ambiance. So with all of this good stuff, why not a higher rating?  Well, there is the tourist trap factor, but also the service can be hit or miss here. That being said, I would still come back for the haggis.
3	Really cool atmosphere as far as the look and feel go. Good beer selection as well. A place where you can let some time go by.
3	Would lean closer to 3.5 or 4 stars based on food and drink - but the service was comically poor.Sat upstairs after a short wait on a very busy Saturday night. There were three servers working the small dining room, and while two were stars the third was off her game or perhaps just not very good to begin with. Incredibly slow and generally oblivious. She was, to be fair, charged with a large section - but we waited far too long to order, watched our drinks sit sadly at the bar for a solid 10 minutes before being delivered, and had to chase down other servers repeatedly for water, catsup, the check - you get the idea.As far as food - we were expecting very standard pub fare, and that's exactly what we got. Fish and chips? Solid. Grilled chicken sandwich? As advertised. Bottom line: Good place for a drink and snack or casual meal if you're touristing around Edinburgh, but probably not a pub I'd seek out otherwise.
4	We really loved our experience here. Although part of it had to do with the fact that we had the best seat in the house, next to an open window, where bagpipes were playing. I know it's terribly tourist-y, but hey! I'm a tourist, and it was what I envisioned. The waitresses were very friendly and accommodating. The food was fan-tabulous! My hubby had the fish and chips and he said it was the best he'd ever had. I had the steak which was done perfectly! We finished off with gin and tonic sorbet and who ever thought of that gem should get a raise. Holy moly! It was crazy good!! Well done.
4	Enjoyed they fish and chips and would consider them 6 out of 10 for taste.   Overall I was impressed.   Ambience and food plus location made Deacon Brodie's a decent place for beer and good food.
3	Yep. This place is a pretty solid 3 stars. If you're wanting to sit with a drink or decent meal on the Royal Mile with a possible view of St Giles Cathedral, then this might be your place. My American boss loves going here because it's on the Mile. Easy to find, and if it's not a busy weekend, you can often find a table. Downstairs looks like many a pub in Edinburgh, and is often crowded. If you go through the back of the room then there's a stairway going upstairs to a bigger seating area with a bit more of a restaurant feel. The food is decent, although I wouldn't recommend fish and chips even if you're a tourist. For half the price you can get much better fish and chips in the Grassmarket or any other take away in the city. They have a nice haggis starter with whisky sauce, which is great if you've never had Scotland's favourite delicacy. In fact, all of the food is nice, but nothing that will blow your mind. And for the same prices there are many, many other places to find much better food.
