5	When I moved to Phoenix a year and a half ago, I moved 2 and a half blocks from CBS, so I went there for my first oil change.  When my timing belt snapped on my honda civic, Jim who runs the shop, was great.  He called regularly as the damage was reassessed.  When I decided to call off getting the car fixed, he only charge me for the parts he could not return and none of the labor for probably half a day's work.  He let me keep the car there until I could find someone who wanted to buy it, and when the buyer showed up over an hour late (after closing time), Jim stayed around until the guy showed and he could see I left safely.  Jim and his staff continue to be upfront and trustworthy.Another local mechanic shop that is given good ratings on here had a coupon for a cheap oil change earlier this year, so I went there in April.  They told me that I had $1000 worth of things that needed fixed - leaking water pump, cracked belts, some bolt or something broken, and I don't remember what else.  When I took my car to Jim, He confirmed only one of the list I was given - the water pump leak - and charged me $350 when they were quoting $510.I could go on and on about my car troubles and the help Jim has been.  Bottom line, as a woman it is hard to trust a mechanic to be honest, but Jim makes me feel respected and empowered in maintaining my car.
3	Recently my boyfriend moved to town and had to pass emissions.  The truck wasn't quite doing it, so we took it to CBS because I trust them so much.  Unfortunately, we spent $800 and 2 months on this, and the problem only got worse.  Jim insisted that the truck should be able to pass, but he couldn't figure out the problem.  We finally took it to a guy a friend suggested, and the replaced the O2 sensor and the battery.  That's all it needed.  I'm not sure how Jim could have NOT replaced the O2 sensor .  I'm giving them a 3 because of all the good service I've received in the past, but I am disappointed and don't know if I can go back.
5	Jim is a very honest individual. He diagnosed the problem and fixed my car as promised; for a price that was below what I thought to be a fair price. His repair shop is extremely busy due to his integrity in my opinion. I will definitely go to him for future repairs.
5	I discovered this garage one day over a year ago when my ignition locked up. The tow truck driver that came to get me asked me where I wanted to go. I told him I had no clue, and asked for a recommendation. He gave me a few options, and mentioned that CBS is where he takes his own cars. I decided to give them a try. It was THE BEST decision I could have made. I have since taken my car in several times to be worked on, and I will continue to give CBS my business.Jim (the owner) is very honest and upfront and will answer any questions you have. He does not try to rope you into work that your car does not need, and is VERY fair with his pricing. If you are in a rush due to work or something, he tries to accomodate you. (The garage is VERY busy tho, and on days when I was not in a rush I did do quite a bit of waiting around. That is truly the only bad thing I would say about them, tho! And I mean, sometimes you just have to wait when people are in front of you.)  They have done a number of different things to my car (a 1988 Buick--still runs well but issues tend to crop up on such an old car), and I have been happy with all their work so far. Fully recommend!
5	We have been going to this Auto Repair Shop for over 13 years.  We first went to this shop when the original owner Rick of "Ricks Auto Repair" owned it and he was incredible.  He actually replaced the Water Pump on my Wife's car "before we were married" without charging her because she could not afford the repair at the time.  Chuck then purchased the business after Rick sold it to him and he was an outstanding owner that carried the same type of Integrity as Rick. After Chuck owned the shop about 10 years he sold it to the new owner Jim, Jim is also carrying on to the same integrity as Rick and Chuck. I recently had a repair done that cost $309.00, a local repair shop next to me wanted to charge me $629.00 for the same amount of repairs done.  I live on 99th Ave. & Peoria next to Sun City, it's a distance for me to take our vehicles to 19th and Campbell but I can tell you it's worth the trip.  I only wish they would open on Saturdays but I understand why they don't.  They are so busy during the week they need a break.  When we were there last week getting our last repair done their was a Woman that brought the entire shop Lunch as gratitude for the work Jim and his Staff has done for her and her friends, I think this says a lot about a business.
5	Our family takes all 9 of our cars to Jim. We let him service our car from everything to a basic oil change to transmission work. Jim is the best, fast friend service and always answers our questions! I won't take my car to another shop.
5	I moved recently to the area, and in my USPS address change confirmation mailing, there was a coupon for a free oil change at CBS. I called ahead and Jim let me know the wait, and it was accurate. They were quite busy, and the location property isn't the busiest, so it was interesting watching them play car swap. Oil change was done quickly. Everyone there was really nice. Don't expect any fancy sitting area though since office is tiny. However, the work was done fast. Jim made it a point to let me know that all estimates and checks are free, which is always a nice bonus.
