4	The spa at the Arizona Biltmore Resort, http://www.yelp.com/biz/4olxJGHtxb4xIl2TSmDjHg#hrid:Xi5wc0M6zaBeirZ3QEHWkQ is located near the Paradise wing, the waterslide and the Catalina rooms.  The closest parking would be the Catalina rooms along the Arizona Canal.I had booked my spa treatment 6 months out and called to check on it a month out, thankfully I did, they got the date and time wrong.  I called another time to check on my reservation and it was correct.  I was running late from my flight and they kindly moved my Biltmore Block package from 1pm to 3:00pm on Friday with a couple of hours notice.  My package would take around 3plus hours, massage, facial, manicure and pedicure.  $385.  18% tax and gratuity.  Our dance convention got 30% off of a la carte spa treatments, not packages.The entrance was small with a reception desk but a large retail area of spa products.  You are shown the facility, pretty good size with a locker room with lots of bathroom/spa amenities, lounge with snacks and drinks (loved their peach flavored signature tea), dry and wet sauna, jacuzzi (clothing optional), showers, work out room (I didn't take photos, I was there to dance and relax, not exercise), massage and aesthetician rooms.  The massage room is small and my female masseuse was very attentive and mindful of the cooler room, so she had warm blankets to cover me.  The esthetician's room was small also, she was a little young, immature and too chatty for me but I was still pleased with my facial.For my mani and pedi, you leave the spa building and go next door to the end of the Paradise wing where the salon is located.  They have the spa massage chairs for the pedi.  Love them.  One thing they are missing are toe and fingernail dryers, but you are on vacation, so you take your time finish drying near the pool, in your cabana with canana boy's, running around to do your bidding.You have to go back next door to the Spa to pay for your treatments at the end.When you stay as a hotel guest, you have access to everything til around 8pm, so loved to stop by and fill my waterbottle full of their ice tea and pick up a piece of fruit.  Would have hung out here much more if I didn't have a poolside cabana.  Was very pleased with my treatments and the service.
1	This spa was so hard to find. There is no good signage on the property to get you there. In hindsight, that may have been a good thing! The place is pretty much, a dump! Very outdated, and I swear it smelled. I have no idea why this hotel is known to be so upscale. As far as the spa goes, I was seriously disappointed and would never go back. There are so many beautiful spas in Scottsdale...avoid this one. Yuck!
4	I love my career!  I was invited to join a few local designers for an afternoon at the Biltmore Spa (sponsored by one of our vendors).  Who doesn't want to ditch work early and go pamper themselves?We all arrived in the parking lot and tried to find the entrance.  It's quite hidden but just look for the pool area and it's two buildings east.  After checking in we all settled into our robes and decided to glance around since we had a little time to kill.  I will be honest that the interior really needs to be updated.  One of the ladies in our group said that it's in the works.   I sure hope so because the decor is a major part of the spa experience.   It is all about the senses.The actual skill of the massage therapist was amazing.  I had the Hands of Healing massage and I have to say that it's one of the best I have ever received!  She had such strong hands and the technique combined deep tissue and relaxation with heat.   I was in heaven!  My only suggestion is a little aromatherapy to complete the experience.If you get a treatment you do have access to the whirlpools, sauna and  steam room so you can make a day of it!I will certainly be back once the remodel is complete.
2	It's not your mother's spa...it is your grandmother's spa. Literary. The resort is mostly occupied with senior citizens, though nothing is wrong with that. The spa is on the smaller side and looks old. It is also quite dark in comparison with other sun-infused Arizona spas. I was mildly grossed out seeing the toilet stalls adjacent to and facing the jacuzzi area, but, after consideration, it must be gerontologically-appropriate. To make matters better, there are two wheelchair-accessible showers strategically situated in between the toilets and the jacuzzi.   Everything else was uneventful and I did not stay long.
3	Finding this spa within the Biltmore is no easy task.  If one of the 3 people working there that we had asked for directions would have mentioned you actually have to enter the pool area to get to the spa, it would have been useful to say the least.  Walking into any spa is one of the best feelings. I LOVE the smell and I am immediately calmed by the knowledge that I'm in for some pampering and TLC.  There was definitely an older vibe to the spa, everything was clean but dated and the other patrons were all senior citizens.  My girlfriend and I went together, she had a massage and I had a facial.  My facial was good, soothing and relaxing.  I was very disappointed to hear that her service ended 10 minutes before the described time so they could "change the linens".  Other than that the staff was friendly and helpful.  We hung out for a while at the pool and realized that everything at the Biltmore is pretty dated.  Being there was kind of like being in a time warp.  I've heard that the Biltmore is one of Arizona's first resorts and it's not at all hard to believe.
4	When you yelp it can affect your "experience".  I was excited to have a spa day with a girlfriend for her birthday, and thoroughly felt I deserved it from my husband as the NFL "regular" season had ended.  We arrived changed into our robes and wanted to get a quick bite before the treatments.  Well, the spa can have food delivered but there really isn't a place to eat in the spa comfortably. So, we went over to the pool area restaurant which is casual... a good thing when you are in a robe!  So here I start thinking-- oh this place is destined for a three star review.  The pool food is very, very, very good.  We all three had the shrimp, tomato, cucumber salad.  It is resort prices but again was very tasty.  So, we returned to the spa and I could not shake the chill.  The spa was very cold, and that is uncomfortable-- get ready for three stars... maybe two.  They do have dry and wet steam plus a hot tub so I finally warmed up-- ok the chill is gone you are back to three stars.   Then it was time for my Chai Tea Body Wrap, yes it was fantastic.  My therapists was fantastic, Amy.  She earned the Biltmore Spa another star.  My wrap was on special for $115 and I would say for the price, and because I had great company it was one of the best spa days I have had.  Just having access to the pool/spa for the day is soothing.  So, I don't think the spa can ever get to a five with the design it is just too small.  However, don't overlook it b/c the therapist are very good and for the right price it beats some of the areas nicest spas.
2	Staff is nice.  Facilities need updating and a good scrub.  Services were fine, okay.  Massage therapist was noisy as she moved around the room, talked too much explaining essential oils throughout the treatment and generally could use refinement of technique.  Facial was good not great.  I hope money and training is invested here.  I absolutely love coming and staying at the Biltmore every year.
1	This place is a rip-off. We called to make a reservation on a discounted spa services promotion we had (discount at $69 for a 50 minute massage!) and they took all my credit card information and then tried to charge us another $25 there on the phone for the GRATUITY! How in the world can a place change a $25 gratuity on a $70 service, even before you walk in the door and experience the service? Gratuities are not something you jam down someone's throat, but something that you get because of a quality service. Unfortunately, they told us this only after taking all of our credit card details.
1	I live in the valley, so when Travelzoo came out with a coupon for 69.00 I bought one for my daughter and one for myself.  I must say, it is the worst massage I have ever had!  I dont know if its because I used a coupon or not.  With the massage comes a glass of champagne, or apple juice.  Since my daughter is only 20, they told her sorry but we are out of juice.  I had to ask for my glass, as no one bothered to offer.  Then when we check out of the spa, I was charged the 20% gratuity off the full amount, and not asked once how the massage was.  When I got home, I sent a complaint to theBiltmore, that was back in August, and never heard a word from them.  Most of the resorts here in the Valley offer discounts in the summer, so there is lots of competition,  I will not be returning to the Biltmore.  If anyone is interested, try Camelback Inn, Hyatt at Gainey Ranch, or Hotel Valley Ho...just to name a few, aremuch better spas.
5	Love this spa. I got married at the Biltmore in 2011, so I am bias, but nowhere feels quite the same. It was a once, very rarely, treat, until the travelzoo came out and I snapped up as many vouchers as I could to make it a once or twice a month thing. As did my mom and friends so we could grab drinks by the pool and head to Frank and Albert's for dinner after a nice pool and spa day. I think I have been massaged by at least 5 different therapists now - Robert and Lisa are my faves. Every one was consistent every time, always excellent. Nice attendants, good facilities and amenities. Every need taken care of in and out of service.There are parts of the resort and pool that are sometimes worse for wear (paint, tile) but nothing that takes away from the experience, and these things seem to be getting taken care of over time.For those complaining about gratuity...seriously? No one ever told you the universal rule? Here it is: Tip should always be 20% of the ORIGINAL price. I will be coming back for spa week, and I hope they will keep coming up with deals for locals! :)
1	My friend and I decided to check out this spa for the first time for Spa week. We both booked the 55 minute massage deals. Very mediocre massage lasted only 35 minutes for both of us. My massage therapist had long nails that scratched my skin. I've never had a therapist have long nails, it was not pleasant. The facilities are outdated, dirty and could use a complete renovation. The ceilings are so low, you feel like you are in a cave. The locker room was very small and with the number of guests, we were all crowded and getting in each other's way trying to get into our lockers - which are digital but kept locking us out. Myself & several guests had to get an attendant to unlock them. The steam room was moldy & had clumps of hair on the floor. Gross! The grout on the tiled floors were also dirty. The mirrors in the locker rooms need to be replaced, they were starting to turn black and were spotted. Also, the gratuity is automatically charged, which is ridiculous since I was shorted by 20 minutes on my massage.  With the reputation the Biltmore Resort has, I am shocked at how awful the Spa is. I will not be back!
5	Spa manager welcomes with kindness and hospitality. Spa massage and facial were excellent and great value on Tranquil Tuesday special,promotions.
