4	My mother's present enthusiasm for a carnivorous diet has encouraged me to seek out places with a heavily meat-focused menu, which lead us to Garage Beirut: A small terasse overlooks Mackay, and the place itself sits a few steps below street level, pretty typical of buildings on this stretch south of St. Catherine's. We kept it simple, and shared the mixed grill for two. This included a very generous bowl of hummus - it was fresh tasting, topped with paprika and olive oil.The meats arrived on a plate between two halves of a large pita, alongside pickled turnips, and a personal favourite, grilled tomato. Lifting the top half of the pita revealed a number of skewers and a grilled white onion atop a bed of red onions, tomato, and parsley. Of the five meat skewers, the unanimous number one was the kafta - ground beef mixed with parsley. The other minced meat selection, the beef kabab had a modest honey-taste, and the beef cube skewer was succulent. The chicken brochettes, the shish taouk, were moist and perfectly charred on the outside.The meal was very enjoyable, and I believe my mother's meat hankering was well satisfied. I was slightly disappointed that the mixed grill did not include lamb. Garage Beirut's prices are extremely reasonable, and the portions are generous. So generous that we had no space to sample dessert. Garage Beirut is a great choice for a casual meal in this quieter part of downtown - I think I'll be back for lamb and baklava.
3	After reading about Garage Beirut in the newspaper, I was very excited to try it out. I had the shish taouk (sandwich only, about $6.75) - it only contained chicken, sauce, and a pickle.  The ingredients were fresh and made to order. The chicken wasn't the 'sliced' type found in most shish taouk places, but rather strips or cubes.  It was tender and moist. I found that garlic sauce to be lacking some 'oumph', and a bit watery.  The sandwich was a bit small compared to what you'd get at most places, but overall was pretty good.
3	This review pertains to a vegetarian sampling of the menu.Came here for lunch on such an absolutely perfect day.  Was able to grab one of the three sets of tables on the terrasse.  As others have said this place is all about the meats.  However, since at this time I am unable to eat any delicious meat, I stuck with the vegetarian fare, which is kind of lacking in choice.I grabbed a small fatouch, a plate of hummus, and loubieh (which was on special).  The fatouch was just a regular salad with dried pita in it.  It was average, but solid.  The hummus was good, but very big for one person so you needed a lot of pieces of pita in order to finish it.  I would recommend to share a plate of it with someone.  The loubieh was also okay, but contained a little too much oil.  Even though I didn't eat any meat, I was full afterward and the prices are reasonable.I will have to go back and check out the shish taouk to see how it compares to other similar places.
3	Went for dinner her before going to the movies last night. I'm fairly picky about Lebanese food because I grew up with it at home. So I was wary. Overall the food tasted good, but there were a few issues:I ordered the shish taouk sandwich. it was small. really skinny. A lot smaller than you would get at any other place. the chicken itself was good, but there was only chicken bread, and two or three pickles and garlic sauce in it. My order came with French fries which were lackluster. they were clearly frozen french fries mass bought.for the same amount of money you could get just as tasty food but with a LOT more food at Basha's or Sara's. I most likely will opt for those other options if I ever crave Lebanese.
5	Great Lebanese food! Went twice in one week, both times with the toughest critics  - my Lebanese parents, who also loved it! The humous, baba ghanouj, fattoush, garlic potato, shish tawou2 and knefe were all excellent and authentic! The service was outstanding, our server Carolina was very warm and friendly! Will definitely be returning here when in Montreal!
5	Great authentic food!
5	Came here for dinner.  Wonderful food!  Good service.  Prices very fair and portion sizes were great.  Definitely order the potatoes and also try the beef dumplings. Chicken tavouk was fabulous. Small location, so I would not recommend for large parties, but for a date or small group. Definitely coming back!
5	This place is top notch.  Not only it is affordable, friendly and well-located, the food is really delicious.  It was so good that we ate there twice during our 48 hours worth of time in Montreal.  We asked the friendly server what she recommended-- the tabboule, fattouch, mixed grill for two, hummus, potatoes with garlic sauce, and assorted fried appetizers for the four of us-- we got it all; it was perfect and delicious.  The potatoes in garlic sauce were so delicious that we went back the next day for them to get as a snack and I have googled all of the restaurants in my city to see if I can find a substitute.  I am not sure I can live without them.  We could see the chef right behind the counter and he graciously chatted with us both evenings.  I cannot say enough good about this place.
5	I have been eating lunch here fairly regularly for a couple of years now...since they opened, whenever that was. The service is very friendly and informative...always willing to explain new menu items. Despite the lunch rush, service is good and you don't feel rushed to eat and get out.The food is excellent. The various meat items ( order the little sausages) are well cook and seasoned. The baba ganoush is creamy and bursting with flavour. And the hummus is delicious. Two can dine for under $30 and walk out totally satisfied...although a breath mint or two might be in order.If unsure of what to order and the place is not too busy, leave yourself in the very capable hands of the chef/owner....he will see to it that you have a wonderful meal.This is an excellent choice regardless of price.
3	Vey good food but i hated the lack of decor or ambiance and the fact that it was freeezing cold. I'd go back for the food but only for lunch when i'm not looking for a nice dinner experience.
4	4 out of 5 - food is solid, great location and our server Marwa made the experience.   Mouskaa, Fattoush and baba ganoush were fantastic but the mixed grilled meats were the star of show, tender and perfectly grilled.   Overall a great place to dine.
5	Best Arabic restaurant in Montreal that I've ever seen...The food is so amazing and high quality that you'll never forget it :) This is something you wish you never die so you can keep enticing these mesmerizing meals lol
5	Do they cook the best quality foods or what? :)This kitchen is absolutely providing the most amazing appetizers and kabobs! I wish the whole planet could eat there lol
5	Went here for the first time tonight and the food was absolutely amazing! Don't want to over - hype it but could have been the best Lebanese food I've ever eaten! Try it, I think you'll really enjoy!
