4	This place is definitely worth another visit.  Went for lunch today right about noon, and there was a crowd, some who seem like they're regulars already even though the place has just been open for a short time.  I ordered black pepper beef with noodles, but was told they were out of a vital ingredient.  The server suggested the spicy beef noodle soup instead.  It was very tasty, big chunks of slow-cooked beef and bok choy with noodles in a dark, rich broth with a hint of five spice.  We also tried singapore noodles and steamed pork dumplings, which were both very good.  The food had that homemade/wholesome taste.  I will be going back to try the endless sushi bar, which at least looked delicious, and of course, the Bento boxes.  The atmosphere is fairly attractive for a quickie order-at-the-counter Asian place, too.  In the culinary wasteland of the University area, this place is likely to do well.
4	Well, I'm glad we tried the noodle dishes first and not the sushi bar, because we probably wouldn't have gone back based on the sushi.  Lots of fried rolls (one of which inspired the comment "this is not sushi, this is a DONUT, I'm pretty sure that sauce is Duncan Hines frosting").  But, the steamed pork dumplings were still delicious, reminding me what I liked about the place last week.  I'm keeping it at a 4 until we go back to score the bento.
5	Great food at a very reasonable price.  And a 10% discount with a UNCC I.D.  My Bento serves meals on a Bento style tray, with a choice of meat (or tofu) , rice, soup or salad, small slice of cake all for around $8.00.  They also have entrees like a spicy beef soup, other noodle or soup entrees, etc.  Very reasonable and fast service.  Great experience!
4	Friendly hostess. Flexible manager. Clean. New. Very tasty. Reasonable. Bento concept is great for singles, a little restrictive if you need family style servings.Okay, so my wife called me and wanted Chinese for dinner. I stopped here because it was near Rite Aid, and I needed some stuff for a trip.Feeding five family style is our usual bent when we seek Asian food. So Bento isn't exactly for sharing. I worked with the nice hostess and the flexible manager to get what we wanted. It was worth it. They made my daughter a veggie garlic eggplant dish that was out of this world. We had our usual mixed veggies with chicken, beef and broccoli, wan-ton soup, spring rolls, egg rolls, and a couple different kinds of rice, and it was all tastier than most of the other Asian restaurants in the University City area.Stop by and try this place. You won't be disappointed. They have a rather decent small bar, behind a cafeteria style sushi bar.  The decor is nice, too. (See photos.) Their website is complete with a menu and photos of their food. http://www.mybentoasiandiner.com/
4	This time, we ate in, rather than taking out. Great flavor, fresh ingredients, and attentive service. I love Asian food, and I really like good service.My wife and I had Bento boxes. She had tofu and veggies, and I had steak and veggies. The boxes came with spring rolls, pineapple, rice, salad or soup, and the main stir-fry dish.My son had Singapore rice noodles with chicken, broccoli, and other veggies. He was stuffed, but had green tea ice cream for dessert. Loved it. And he's our *picky eater.* Heck yeah, I'm a fan. This place is inexpensive and healthy and the service is just right. We'll be back to try the all-you-can-eat for less than $8 sushi bar!
3	Try the chilled jellyfish. It's on a list of special appetizers on the back of the menu.  We tried it on a lark and it was our favorite dish. It was tossed in sesame oil and tasted great when dipped in soy sauce.  Strangely, it's texture was crunchy - kind of like pickled cabbage.The pan-Asian menu will please lots of Americans.  My daughter had a hibachi bento box, which was fine. She also ordered miso soup which was horrible. I had a noodle soup which was fine once doctored up with a little soy sauce and sriracha.
5	Great service everytime I come here, The food is also well above your average college hangout especially  when you think of how low the price is.
1	I've learned to be especially wary of one star reviews, as they tend to reflect some sort of vindictiveness not generally based on the actual merits of a restaurant.  This, however, is a one star review based only on Bento's surprising ability to disappoint even the most meager of expectations.My girlfriend and I went to Bento on a whim because it's very convenient to our place, and is cheap.  We figured that given the general rarity of bad Asian meals, and our low expectations based on Bento's prices, it'd easily be a worthwhile meal.We were wrong.  I was not expecting great sushi at Bento's $8.75 sushi buffet.  After all, sushi quality fish is expensive, and all you can eat is generally even more expensive (in my experience, nearly $20 at a different lunch buffet.)  Even with the expectation that fish was going to be scarce and rice plentiful, I found that Bento outdid themselves.  I actually got some comedic value out of how artfully they slathered their rolls in dark sauces to obscure the fact that some of the rolls had no fish at all in them!  In fact, it was the "Bento Special" roll that I dissected, only to find there to be literally nothing but rice in its depths.  As an appreciator of comedy (and occasionally of art,) I have to tip my hat to Bento's "chef" for his masterful sushi tromp l'oeil!  The other rolls were mostly just deep fried chicken wrapped around rice with a very, very small amount of what was presumably fish (pink solids.)  Their rendition of the venerable "Philly Roll" contained jalapenos, cream cheese, and nothing else.  Hmmmm.My girlfriend was smarter, though not by a wide margin, and went with one of the "Special" Bento boxes.  Her General Tso's Tofu was edible, though certainly not moreso than a frozen Asian meal from the supermarket.The last notable part of our meal was the bizarrely terrible ginger sauce, which we both tried.  Having never had anything but tasty ginger dressings at sushi restaurants, we were both unpleasantly surprised by just how bad this was.Summary: If you know that you are getting yourself into some seriously low quality sushi and bento box fare, this might be just the spot for you.  If you, like me, would much rather have 6 fresh and tasty sushi rolls for a similar price, don't be suckered in by the "all you can eat" sign.
3	A friend of mine told me to check this place out because they sell bubble tea.  So, I went out of my way one day to pick up some food and a bubble tea -- even though I wasn't hungry.  Their menu was very extensive with a mixture of japanese and chinese -- you know, all the typical dishes you'd expect.  I ordered a hibachi chicken with a milk tea bubble tea!  While I waited for my to-go order I checked out the buffet. It offered sushi rolls, rice, soup (egg drop, I think) crag rangoons, egg rolls, etc.  Even though the buffet did not entice me, I was looking forward to my meal.  The bubble tea was very good but a little too watered down.  The ice had obviously melted too much.  The pearls were pretty decent.  Definitely some of the best that I've found in Charlotte (although, that's not saying that much).  I took my meal home and enjoyed it.  The chicked wasn't cut hibachi-style -- the cubes do make a difference.  But, the flavor was good.  However, later that night, I did not feel very well.  I'm not sure what it was about that chicken and rice, but something really upset my stomach.  So, I'm giving this place 3 stars because of the bubble tea.  I probably will not eat here again but if I'm in the area, I'll stop in for some bubble tea.  I recommend this place for those with strong stomachs.
2	I came here for an early dinner.  The first thing indicating a level of sketchiness is a sushi buffet at what is clearly a Chinese restaurant in most other respects.  But the weirdness of this sort continued...I ordered a "bento" of honey sesame chicken.  It was basically identical to the same dish at just about every other non-authentic Chinese restaurant, but served in a Japanese bento box for no apparent reason...and with miso soup...which doesn't match the flavor at all.  It's not pan-asian in the usual "fusion" way...it's just a collection of dishes, some Chinese and some Japanese, thrown together without any pattern or plan.The service was great, and food was not particularly bad or good, the music was blah pop, and the decoration sparse.  It's a place to fill your belly, but the prices are not particularly reasonable considering this whole picture.  I wouldn't necessarily avoid this place in the future, but I can imagine that if I lived around the corner I still may never come back either.  If I want Chinese then I'd go to a Chinese restaurant, and if I want Japanese I'll go to a Japanese restaurant.  It's not often that I'm in the mood for a Japanese appetizer and then a Chinese meal with a Japanese drink.  It just doesn't go together.
2	mediocre food to say the least, i won't be returning because i got sick after eating here.
3	This place has an all you can eat buffet, for only 8.75. Basiclally you get what you pay for. The sushi was by for not the best of charlotte, however it wasnt bad either. If your strapped for cash it's worth eating here. Servers are nice. Atmosphere is nice also. We have been back numerous times.
3	For the price, it's good sushi. It's a 11 dollar sushi bar so I wouldn't expect it I be that great but its pretty decent. My favorite rolls to get are the spicy crab and spicy tuna. One of the biggest bothers is the largeness of the rolls sometimes they were a bit too much for a single bite.  When you get the sushi bar your not just restricted to sushi, they include a small array of Chinese food of sesame chicken, soups, crab Rangoon and other assorted foods that are not anything special.Service is pretty good, I enjoyed the waitress's, one of the waitress brought  batch of sweet tea for us because we found the initial serving under sweet.  Not to mention they seem pretty friendly and open to conversation. The place isn't that big, so it gets busy really quickly especially around dinner. Overall a pretty decent place with great priced sushi, if your feeling cheap then try this place I'm sure you won't be disappointed by the sushi for the price your getting..
2	Meh... Third place we stopped at yesterday. This is not a buffet place. Its an all you can eat sushi bar with a few hot items on the side for $8.75. Our first gut instinct was to walk out but we decided to stay for the experience and yelp review. Well, we've had better sushi at buffets but at least if the sushi isnt that good you have a selection of hot foods to choose from. For those looking for your bang for the buck we can understand, kinda, but those that think your getting good or real sushi are sadly mistaken. We were not suprised at what we found at an all you can eat bar... what would you expect? For those of you that like this kind of stuff... have at it. We will go where they make it fresh in front of you, not setting there waiting for you to try it.
4	This place must be on everyone's list for cheap eats.  It's a sushi buffet with some random chinese thrown in on the side (for those of us that are indecisive) and all for $8.75! They always have lo mein, fried rice miso soup chinese donuts, egg rolls, and crab rangoon and then mix it up with the two meat dishes.  In the other section of the buffet they have all of your sushi favorties: california roll, spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll, philly roll, crab roll and then they have their signature roll and whatever special rolls the chef is inclined to make that day.  For lunch the $8.75 includes the iced tea but no drink is included in the $8.75 for dinner AND they have recently added a 10% off discount with UNCC ID.
1	I went to My Bento once, and it was enough for me to never want to go back again. Word to the wise: "all-you-can-eat" + sushi =/= good quality sushi.As a student at UNCC, I'm definitely on a budget when it comes to going out, and I went here with some friends after a club meeting at school. I was expecting something way better than what I ended up getting.Upon walking in, you see the all-you-can-eat sushi bar right near the door. FYI: sushi isn't really supposed to just sit around like that, and you have no idea how long it's been there. So, naturally, I stayed away from the super-cheap option of the sushi buffet when ordering. (& upon looking at the sushi that some of my friends came back with, I'm glad I did).I ended up ordering one of their dinner combo/bento meals, as did some of my other friends, and none of us were impressed. The meat was sub-par, the rice wasn't cooked well, and it took forever for us to even get our food, which was odd considering the poor quality of it.Also, the waitress had a very hard time understanding our orders (which weren't complicated at all, we were just reading off of the menu), so she had another waiter come over and help her write down our orders.I really wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. The atmosphere wasn't too appealing, the wait staff was slow and didn't refill our drinks without us asking, and the food was nothing to write home about- at all.
4	Bento is definitely a unique place from what I've seen for sushi in the past. I never could've imagined an actual sushi buffet with such interesting creations.Setup here isn't bad either; it doesn't have that gaudy cliche Chinese buffet atmosphere. They cycle the music through a bunch of different East Asian pop and stuff that I like. The buffet is the way to go here with the college students. It's a good price and you can get a UNCC student discount on an already decently priced buffet.I have had an actual bento box here too and it's surprisingly quite filling. They throw a lot more into it than what a typical Japanese bento would hold. I'm still a sucker for the various panko breaded deep fried rolls on the sushi bar - love 'em!
4	We thought the sushi was great especially all you can eat for 9 bucks
4	I'm going to pay for this later :)  I was greatly surprised by Bento's. This is a very good restaurant and family friendly.All you can eat sushi... and about 25 different kinds.  I especially liked the Spicy Tuna and Crab & Cream Cheese roll.  Attentive service, greatly priced- family of 4 ate dinner for under $40.  Weakness would be the fried rice, a little more oil than I prefer.  Would eat here again.  I am so full...
4	Lots of Yelpers seem to be talking about the sushi buffet at MBAD, and I'm sure it's good, but i can't testify. What I can rave about is their signature bento combos. Delicious and cheap? I'm in!You get your choice of protein, and of starch as well as soup or salad and a baby egg roll. Me, I'm a huge fan of the tofu (which is usually not my fav) and veggies in Kung Pao sauce w/ brown rice and salad w/ ginger dressing.Do you see how much food that is? Cost? $6.75. I split it over two days bringing my lunch costs to under three fifty. The staff is always friendly and my takeout always comes out quickly. If I had to voice one complaint it is that the salad is about 98% iceburg lettuce and 2% tomato,cucumber & carrot, but honestly, it all ends up tasting like ginger dressing (though you can get ranch if you like) and it lasts overnight in my work fridge, so I'm not griping.My Bento Asian Diner is a quality spot to pick up legit food for lunch. It has vegetables in it even! And don't forget to ring the gong by the door if you are happy with your experience.
4	I like their hibachi chicken bento lunches. The sushi is decent as well.
3	This place has a good lunch special and what looks to be a good buffet.  I have not tried the buffet, but I've tried several of their lunch specials, which are a great value at $6.25 for chicken (steak or shrimp are a little more) with rice and soup.  You get to choose the way you want your meat made (the sauce and veggies, that is) and they offer white, brown or fried rice with it, as well as a choice of soups.  It also comes with a spring roll.  For under $7 with tax, I find it to be a great value, since I always get two meals out of it, at least.It's pretty Americanized food, which is probably good for most people.  They do also have a Chinese menu that has many more traditional/authentic dishes on it.  I've been there on a weekend for lunch and have seen several Asian families who ordered from the Chinese menu and had several family style dishes they all shared, so this menu is very different from their standard one, but I want to try it soon.They have an all you can eat buffet 7 days a week for $8.95 and it includes several types of sushi.  I have seen it every time I've been in the place, but I have not tried it yet, so I can't really comment on it.For the money, if you want decent Asian food in University area, I would definitely give it a thumbs up.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in the University area.  My wife and I take our young grandsons here a lot.  The service is great - kid-friendly, helpful staff.  Nice, casual space.  Very good selection at the buffet - I love their noodles - and the menu has a lot of great choices.
2	If you LOVE sushi, the sushi buffet isn't that great...and neither is the food on the menu. You do get a lot of food for the price so no complaints there. The authentic food on their special menu tastes better.
1	NOT good at all. Really disappointed after I read several good reviews
3	(Here is my review from Trip Advisor, review still stands.)Place is small and cozy. My GF and I had the "sushi" buffet. Most were rolled maki sushi that contained little or no real fish. I do not count krab stix as fish by the way. All of the rolls contained a combination of one or more of the following; fake krab stick, cream cheese, small diced shirmp, tempura flakes, cucumber, small salmon sliver, cooked chicken. There were a few nigiri peices but the fish was so small I skipped it. Most of the maki rolls were slathered in some sort of sauce; coconut, sweet glaze, chili mayo, etc. hiding the lack of authentic sushi contents (fish / avocado / etc).The boba teas were good, also the lo mein was decent on the buffet. The miso soup was bland and tasted like a wet dog smells, kinda musty and metallic-ish.I've heard the actual menu items are decent, I may give that one more try later on.
4	As a Chinese guy, I need to say that Bento is the closest the University Area will get to authentic Chinese food.  All of the silly Americans looking for that Kung Pao or General Tso garbage will still get what they're looking for.  The chef is able to cook up various authentic dishes.  Just go to the restaurant and look at what another Chinese person is eating.  Don't worry, you won't get any dog or cat meat and you can still get your little fortune cookies.
4	I've visited China twice now and have an appreciation for the cuisine but it's near impossible to get the authentic flavors in Charlotte.Confession: I wrote off Bento a while ago because their food did nothing for me, the buffet left little to be desired, and I each time I left underwhelmed.And then a friend took me there for lunch and introduced me to their "secret" Chinese menu and I was converted! I've been back several times with my husband to explore as much of the authentic menu as possible and it's to the point where we get sat in the back of the restaurant, with the rest of the natives. Makes me feel like I'm back in Suzhou! Our favorites off the secret menu are:- Spicy Beef (cooked with jalapenos, so good!)- Steamed bass (without the sauce) served on broccoli- Garlic Bok ChoyThey also have hot pot available but we haven't tried it yet.
3	Decent experience...good food...ordered the fried rice and liked it!! The serving and the ambience is pretty decent. It is pretty easy on your pocket and you can easily go for it for a filling!!
3	I always had the buffet. Great deal of variety in Sushi. Soup:There are crunchies which go really well with the soup. Main Course:One or two vegetable options and if you ask them they make them for you. ( really appreciated this)Deserts:Swiss Rolls and many different types of sauce (caramel, chocolate, strawberry)
5	Had the hot pot here the day before yesterday by myself and yesterday with friends. Food was great, and service was prompt. The hot pot is a popular form in China, and theirs is all you can eat style. We had clams fish shrimp beef lamb fish-balls and a bunch of vegetables, all of them very fresh. The soup is awesome, and you can blend your own favorite sauce. Lovely place to catch up with friends.
2	can be better.
1	I was excited to see that they had Taiwanese dishes only to be extremely disappointed. The shredded pork and garlic sauce was okay it tasted like someone soaked the tofu in tap water for too long though. The black pepper steak was absolutely horrible. The "steak" tasted like leftover dried up meat from a week ago. I'm not even sure what kind of meat it was to be quite honest. Will not be coming back anytime soon.
1	Pretty good, but food wasn't very fresh. I kinda felt sick afterward...but it was a lot of choices...and good if you just want taste and not quality.
3	The food is not as fresh as it could be. I have been here on several occasions because of the good price for the buffet, but it has raised twice since the last time I have been. I also don't like being stared at while I eat. On all of my occasions eating here I have been watched while eating and brought my check before I was ready. I almost felt like I was being rushed out. Definatley don't have to come back here especially since the prices have raised.
