3	This was my second trip to Gameworks and, although I still had a great time, the hubris of 2 hours of all-you-can-play video games seems to have worn off a bit and I experienced a few more hiccups this time around.  First, I have always done the "Play 2 hours for $25" deal, which doesn't include some of the "attractions" like the rock climbing wall.  For 2 hours I think that I get $25 worth of fun.  If you're really wanting to blow a day here, they have all day passes for $35. The game selection is good, for the most part.  They have an alley of classic retro games along with the normal slew of shooters (House of the Dead series seems to be big since they have HotD 2-4) and racing games.  You can also play air hockey and mini-basketball.  The problem I found is that, especially during peak times, all the players migrate to the newest, coolest games so you might be stuck playing Deer Hunter the entire night.  Still, there is a good selection so I'm sure that you can find something you like while you wait it out to play the latest and greatest.  Definitely survey the scene before you commit your dough.There were a couple problems I encountered which diminished my experience.  First, there were a decent number of out-of-order games, one that even went on the fritz while I was playing it so I had to stop.  That's annoying, especially if it's one of the more popular games.  Second, the swipe cards that they give you to use for your unlimited play seem to be reaaaaaaally picky.  Have you ever had a friend who is 5' 5" and swears that he'll never date anyone shorter than him who likes cats and won't wear blue and isn't a brunette and won't go with him to strip shows and smokes and hasn't voted in the last 4 gubernatorial elections and is between the ages of 22-25?  That's what these cards are like.  There is nothing more annoying than being "on the clock" trying to eff up Darth Vader's poo and have your card suddenly not be readable by the video game.  If it doesn't work within 10 seconds you have to start from the beginning, which drives me nuts.  When we asked one of the employees about it he was really nice and coached us on how to use them but we still experienced quite a few problems.  I'm one of those guys who likes to finish video games so this was a huge deal for me.  UGH.  The third problem is that I got a blister from playing House of the Dead 4.  That was not Gameworks fault  though; maybe I just have tender hands?  In any case, cool game.  Zombies, meet the wrath of my UZI!  I would recommend checking this place out if you are into video games.  Do the math and figure out whether an unlimited play or debit card is right for you.  Without the pressure of "the clock" and getting your money's worth, some of the problems I mentioned might be avoided.  Also, try out the climbing wall, it's pretty fun (I climbed to the top).  If nothing else, think of it this way:  at least those are 2 hours that you spent not playing the dollar slots so you actually made money!
3	Gamesworks is a large arcade and rock climbing place on the strip. Pretty good sized, could spend a couple of hours being occupied.  You pay by a game card, not tokens.  A few fast food/grill type eateries.
3	I didn't buy the pass.  Partially because I'm a cheap bitch, partially cuz I figured if i wanted to play anything, I could be a mooch.I've never been much of a gamer, more of a voyeur than anything, so i figured I'd just watch.  Sometimes watching can be way more fun.So I just cruised around with my really tall half yard of Heffeweisen, which was poured by the worlds slowest bartender, and drank it out of a straw.  This is what i saw and did:I watched Christopher get denied any sort of privilege for working for SEGA.I watched people play a bad version of Guitar Hero.I watched people play Mario Kart with pictures of themselves replacing the princess and YoshiI watched zombies get killed.I watched Todd beat NishisHot at Dance Dance Revolution.I watched cars crash.I rode on the back of StanK's motorcycle.I got to play doubles in air hockey and win, lose singles to Eric, and then when I was finally going to win one on one, I got to break the machine.  Beep.  Beep. Beep. Error. Beep. Beep. Beep. Error.I watched Carla react to the constant smell of fart.  Apparently in Vegas, there is a reason we try to stay away from places that kids go.  Man, do they stink!Stay in the adult areas.  You are better off.
3	If you are all about the video games and can play for 2 hours straight then this is the place for you, especially with a 2 hour unlimited pass.  I'm just not that guy.I do love me some games and had a good time but after about 45 minutes I didn't know what to do with myself.  I think the janky version of guitar hero called Guitar Freaks killed my will to live.  I did like the shooting games and that one really cool jet fighter game.  I almost ripped off my shirt and challenged AJ to a topless game of beach volleyball after a few successful bombing missions, 'cause that is what all gay fighter pilots do...right?Plus, I had titties on the brain and there weren't any here being jiggled around.  I mean there were but it would have been inappropriate for me to be seeing those titties, whereas titties at another location would be fine since they were being shown for money and all.
3	I went here ten years ago for a martial arts tourney and was like hellz yes! I went back at the age of 26 and said "WTF!" I could get more out of going to Dave and Busters back  home....
3	hadoken!
5	Gameworks was really fun.  I love the Outrun driving game.
2	You're better off at Dave and Busters. The games are super old and the place smells like kids sitting around in their own crap. Gross.
4	I'm an arcade connoisseur, but unfortunately I don't often get to go to a good arcade.  Most of the arcades I see are filled with redemption games, skeeball, and a couple of beat up Cruisn' cabinets.  So I was really excited to find Gameworks.  This arcade is HUGE, and has an awesome selection of games.One of the things I liked was the layout.  The games were grouped by type: shooters, fighters, racers, simulators, and pinball.  Highlights include:- separate room with every House of the Dead game, complete with blood-splattered walls and zombies  - brand new Pump It Up NX machine- section of old school cabinets (Moon Patrol, baby!)- Mario Kart Arcade- Air Trix (I miss this game)- MvC2- Tekken 5 (with card dispenser, if you dig that sort of thing)- Star Wars arcade game- House of the Dead 4 Special (a sight to behold)The only place where they lose points is the card system.  While I've started to warm up a bit to card systems because they simplify things, the prices here are pretty exorbitant.  $35 for a day pass?  Damn.  You best believe I played the crap out of everything for that price.
5	This is a biased review for one reason, I went there about a year ago when i was sloppy drunk with a group of friends, and had a BLAST!  They had a great selection of games, from what I can remember, and I learned that you shouldn't drunk drive, even if its a video game, because you'll never ever win.Go get yo game on!
1	This is the worst arcade I've probably ever been to, and I've been going for decades. After eight broken or otherwise unplayable machines, I asked for a refund; I was refused. I got two one-hour cards as compensation, which I wasn't happy with. Their staff was unapologetic and ignorant of their own facilities. A really disgraceful member of the franchise. Please avoid.
5	fun!!! lots of boothes, very clean. lots of loud music & tv's & pool tables couches big screens & the bar plus video games everywhere!!very friendly & energetic waitressbest ribs anywhere!! just ask miles!! bbq chicken was juicy & spicy!! yummy!! everything was hot & tasty!! pizza was a little dull-no real spice in the sauce-just plainsuprise for sure. a must try!!fast & friendly with great bbq-sandwiches
4	a great break from what is the STRIP, after filling up on caffeine at Coca-Cola World & M&M world next door-I grab the $20 card and head straight for the newest games. This place has the best arcade setup-shooting games,racing games,carnival games, then a pool hall and excellent grill plus the bar for adults. They even have live concerts and gaming competitions occasionally.
2	I have a very easy system for grading arcades.  It's as follows:Do all four arrows work on their Dance Dance Revolution?No?Well then you fail, Gameworks.  You fail hard.
2	A fine way to spend a few hours when you're sick of walking the strip and tired of smoky casinos. The pricing system made no sense to me (you purchase $10 of credit on a swipe card with a $2 processing fee, kinda crappy) but it was a fun time. Options for ticket redemption were totally lame. Why have them at all?
2	This place sucks. I don't know why, but almost all of the machines were out of service or broken. A lot of the steering wheels on the racing games were jacked up or broken. Isn't this Vegas? Shouldn't it be better than a Gameworks such as Seattle? I was very disappointed... I wasted $25 here when I could have spent it on something else. The only thing good was the House of the Dead game that had two screens, front and back. That was the only cool thing about this place.
2	What a Total waste of time !! The Last time I went to this Gameworks was about 2 years ago, and now I refuse to go back.I purchased my "All Day Pass" from the Tix2Nite booth in downtown for $17.50 plus a $4 service fee. I didn't mind this, as I was planning togo in and out during the day and to play a lot of the new games that where there since the last I was there. When I walked in, the first thing I noticed was how many games were taken out since the last time I was there. They ripped out a whole block of games, and installed some sort of crappy "virtual bowling". They also took out some other ones to but a buffet area for special events. No problem I thought, and proceeded to exchange my voucher.After exchanging my ticket, the first arcade I wanted to play was the House of the Dead 4. After waiting a while, I asked the cashier where the operator was. She told me that he was on break, and to check back in a half hour. When I came back it was the same BS story. This was true for all the operator assisted games. Even the regular games had problems with them, as 17 were broken at the time. When I asked the manager what was going on, he told me that Gameworks had to cut hours. I felt ripped off !!! Do yourself a favor and stay far and away from this poorly run arcade. On the plus side, I found a kick ass pinball museum in Las Vegas. There must of been over 100 games that went from the 1930's on up. The owner is very nice, and he is also the one the service's the machine too. Their site is (http://www.pinballmuseum.org)
2	Ultimate fail for not having Jurassic Park: The Lost World functional! My friends and I needed our dinosaur fix, but you deprived us of it!At least DDR was more enjoyable, especially after seeing a random drunk person challenge one of my friends to a round of DDR.The next time I come here, Jurassic Park better be operational or else: I will not be pleased :(
5	great arcade and nice for the kids to get their wiggles out, they can be loud and play and its okay cause its an arcadewe spent about $60 and that meant each kid got a card with $10 each and they all had a blastif you are in las vegas you have to stop here and let the kids playmy nephew who is 6 won 1000 tickets on the big spin and was stoked and my neices loved the deal or no deal game
2	You would think since this is the only real arcade joint left in Vegas, and the fact that it's big, That they would at least try and keep their games functional. What the heck! I hate paying for a game of Marvel vs Capcom 2 and than finding that some of the buttons aren't even working. It's just a simple cherry switch replacement that takes about 2 minutes to fix. Seriously. Come on. It's like they purposely don't want people to coe back. Or maybe it's the fact they know most their customers are tourists and that those people will never come back a second time anyways. Half the games don't even work, and the ones that do have something wrong with them. Shame on you Gameworks people, Shame on you. Oh and I forgot to mention, most the games they have are over a decade old. get some new games. I know arcades are almost extinct, but geez, give us a reason to wish they weren't.
3	Parking is $3 so either drop off or park at the mgm grand & walk thru (not far) towards Studio 54 & LV Blvd.  Make sure you keep your plastic card to reuse forever at any Gameworks or you get charged an activation fee & a $2 card fee.  We tried to put money on the card online to take advantage of the $10 free perk for doing online but it wouldn't work but luckily, David, the helpful manager took care of us as I had a birthday party for my son but didn't want to do the 10 people party plan.  The best is the $35 unltd all day  pass so try to stay up til 1am when they close or get the cheapest $79 (sometimes less) MGM room & hang out there!!!
5	What does it say about me that when I go to Vegas I most look forward to this place, and that when I leave Vegas the fondest memories I have are of this place?On a completely unrelated topic, why can't I get laid?
4	This was the spot to go before you turn 21.  I haven't been here in years but I remember it was always fun when I was like 13.  Back in the day they had an unlimited play card for like 21 bucks or something.  They had cool games and a giant rock climbing apparatus in the middle.  I remember it to be 75 feet high and super tiring to get to the top.  I only made it 2/3 of the way and it was still hard!  Once you get 2/3 of the way up the wall levels off so it's practically vertical.  Good luck climbing it!
1	Hmm...S-U-C-K-S!!A lot of the games didn't even work. Then when we found one that did, the game did not dispense tickets. It's just GROSS...enough said
1	Maybe we just went on a bad day last December when everything was closing early due to snow. However, they had some cool games but it would have been crazy to pay for a full day when we could only play for two hours. The bathrooms were disgusting and the entire place smelled of raw sewage. I felt like I was in the French Quarter in New Orleans!
3	so, not a real fan of gaming joints, but this place was aiight. the good first: i had a bacon burger and fries while watching the SC football game in a "private room" and it was AWESOME. the burger and fries, seriously, so juicy and delicious. i was totally prepared to be pissed because those places are usually really gross, but this ish was awesome. but now the bad: I never got a refill on my expensive coke, the bathrooms STUNK tremendously so badly that you could smell it even before entering the hallway, and they only have double disc air hockey which is far too complex and made me long for simpler days.still, i gave three generous stars thanks to the burger and fries. good food goes a long way in my book.
2	I guess I wasn't the biggest fan of this place when I last came to las vegas in April, but I do have fond memories being here when I was about 18 years old.  I was just pissed that most of these freakin games were broken. What can I say, they still got my $10 or 12 dollars of gameplay. I played the Jurrasic Park and was looking forward to it but the gun would just not fire.  I hardly played anything else. Got like one free game of the Horses Sega DOC.  Next time I can just use up this card real quick I guess. You know what though I would really like to try Gameworks in another location though, For real.
2	I had fonder memories of this place...I went over Halloween weekend with a bunch of friends because it was too early for any nightlife to begin. A lot of the games I wanted to play were broken (including all of the Time Crisis systems), some shooting games had messed up light guns, the air hockey tables were out of service, the list goes on. I also managed to shut off the escalator as we were leaving...but that's not a fault of Gameworks.Definitely not as fun the second time around, but maybe that's because I'm now a little older and a little wiser. There was one saving grace though, the dinosaur hunting game. You walk around hunting various breeds of dinosaur, and you even get a rocket launcher for when the SHTF. The other not-so-bad was the driving game with 4 big-screen TVs.
3	I took my little brother here so he can occupy himself all day with the 35 dollar all day pass. It is pretty expensive for the limited selection of games...a lot of old games, too many of which are old shooters and racing simulators. The worst part was the fact that a lot of the games were broken down and the staff of three people could not be bothered with fixing them. Oh well, what else would you do with a little kid in Vegas? There's a few fun games here and there....like a two person racing game where you alternate control of the wheel and an air hockey game where each person gets 2 hitting things and there's 3 pucks in plane. There's a few nice flight simulator games....definitely better than just sitting in the hotel room if you are under 21. If you are over 21, it's probably more fun to play 35 dollars worth of slots.
3	When compared to Dave and Busters, this place doesnt look like much, but it does its job. Since moving to vegas about 2 weeks ago, i've tried to do anything and everything possible that doesnt involve going to bars/clubs. I had always passed by this place but never went inside until this past saturday. I didnt eat the food, and the outdoor bar was closed, but i assume it would be open during warmer weather. Gameworks is pretty decent sized. My gf had a yardstick alcohol drink bought from fat tuesdays at planet hollywood (hurricane 51 with 2 viles of tequilas) and we thought it was against the rules to bring it in... however the security guard told us "well, its a kids place, so we kinda frown upon that.... but i dont care. go ahead". Well alright then! There were a few games I had never seen before: One was an air hockey game that played with 3 discs and two hitters (one in each hand). game up to 15. the other game was virtual bowling. real lane real ball but no pins. you bowl it right under a screen and it virtually shows you how many/what pins you knocked down. although not 100% on the money, it was close enough. Spent $20 for the night and left with a smile on my face. And I didnt have to take a taxi back to my apartment. Viva Las Vegas
4	Double Decker Challenge ($14.99) @Gameworks Finish this one pound burger and they'll give you a $10 game play cardThat's that know me, know I'm always up for a food challenge and one that pays you to play I game:)Gameworks is always a blast and the Cafe has great food my last trip we tried the BBQ and was pleasantly surprised to experience some of the BEST in #Vegas.Hankering for a burger-I noticed on the menu they had a CHALLENGE!! Conquer the #1 pound Double Decker & get a $10 game card-how could I pass on that?The burger was cooked perfectly medium-rare charred around the edges with a great bun. I'm not gonna lie I prepared for this challenge with PEDs but even that didn't HELP!! The burger was really tasty but 1/2 way in I knew I had been beat:(If you are visiting Las #Vegas or a local looking for a fun time & great Happy Hour Specials check out @Gameworks on the STRIP!!
4	This review is based on my kid's enjoyment of the place, and on the atmosphere. My 5 and 8 yr old boys had a blast, played for three hours non-stop and wanted more. They could've stayed in there all week. I'm not much of an arcade fan, but I can see the place's appeal- it had a bunch of motion games, like the ones where you move like you're actually in the cockpit of a plane, or inside a racecar. The timeplay cards made it convenient for me, since I didn't have to keep giving them quarters every 15 minutes, like at Circus Circus. It is kind of pricey, but when you consider the quality of the games, I guess they can justify the premium. And most importantly, my boys had a blast.
3	We stumble into Gameworks cause it is in the middle of Coke & M&M... I have mix feelings about the facility. We purchase the all day pass for my kids. The arcade is average some of the machines doesn't work which is a bummer... we played a bunch of racing games & quick & crash.But what really bothers me is one of the employee in the counter he seems really racist. He would only cater to guest that are white even when we have been waiting for so long & been the only one in the counter... He would just pass us.  What goes around comes around & KARMA is a B!#
3	This one of the places to go if you have kids. I took my son last year for his birthday. We went with two of our family members. They are kinda pricey, but it was well worth it. Seeing the smile on my son's face... oh yeah. He loved it. Especially knowing that he loves video games.. it all worked out. I think I spent close to $300 in one day for four people, but at least we had a blast. I would have to say that if you have kids, go there.
3	The prices are great and there's a good selection of games to play. We stuck around for about an hour and had a great time. My only complaint is that a lot of the games here need to be repaired. Several games were either out of service or would malfunction mid game.
5	Excellent Place to kill time!
2	This is solely the review for the food. I was meeting friends here to watch the Lakers game. Not my first choice, but whatever. I got the ribs dinner with 2 sides for $10. Good deal actually, or so I thought. At first glance, the ribs just fell off the bone, which is a good sign of cooked ribs. Taste wise, it had no flavor at all. It looked big, but the portions was actually small once you take out all the ribs. The mash potatoes just suck. I couldn't quiet put my finger on what it tasted like. It certainly didn't taste like potatoes at all. I wonder if they use the mash potatoes mix. I just ate it because I knew I was going to need energy for walking the strip later.The fries wasn't anything special. You can do better getting fries from the frozen food isle and frying it up yourself.  I guess you get what you pay for.Food came out in about 10 minutes. I got a steak knife, but no napkins or a fork. I don't think it be a smart idea to eat mash potatoes with a steak knife.Food is your typical bar food, that just isn't good. Happy hour makes the prices better, but the food still taste bad. I forgot this place uses Restauraunt.com, so I could have gotten a cheaper meal. The only good thing that happened at this place was the Lakers won!
3	This place is all about having a lot of video games that are so gouging per-play that you need the flat-pay pass to not be rooked.  But there's plenty of them, so if you're crawling across the strip and need to slow your drinking roll "lest you chunder heartily" as an intoxicated friend once said, this is a good stop to recouperate.  Pass on eating here, big mehs.  There's a few pool tables on the upper level, if you need some non-digital gaming.So for $20 an hour you can share around a pass to bew bew with your friends some aliens, or play Tekken, or whatever you feel like.  It's a bit high priced, but at least most of the games seemed to work.  Giant Protip:  Don't get into the motion simulator when you're drunk.   Don't end up being... that guy, proving drinking and digitally driving should be illegal.
3	Its alright, reminds me of boomers, with bigger better games, the prizes are ok.. but its super loud in there, and mostly guys..I think I was the only girl who was playing shooting games, yay shooting zombies.. the prizes are mostly from Sega. Yes, they do have UFO catchers but they are not like the ones in Japan, they are a little different.. and its not easy to win..I am so mad it is two dollars one freaking grab and I almost lost all my money. I hate the card system and they charge you an extra two dollars to make a new card wtff rippp offf. Excalibur please
3	I brought the younger siblings to the various arcades around the strip and stumbled upon Gameworks which is the only one to provide an all day pass for video games.ATMOSPHERE: As you enter the whole right side of the complex is video games and the whole left side if mostly ticket games. There is a restaurant on the right side.PRODUCT: Okay, I figured out the trick to get all my 4 siblings to play at Gameworks on 1 all day pass card. The all day pass includes only the video games (not ticket games such as claw machine, wheel of fortune, rolling ball game, etc).  So once you swipe your card there is a delay of approximately 1 minute before swiping again so if you keep on swiping during your game play then you can accumulate lots of credits. Also you can be swiped in simultaneously on different machines just as long as the 1 minute delay is considered. The only way this will work is to have a designated card swiper to run around and keep on rotating swipes in case anyone loses lives. This was actually relatively easy to do and of course I was the swiper.At least at the other arcades at NY NY and Excalibur I saw some people winning at the claw machine BUT not a single person at Gameworks. Their claw machines only had 2 prongs instead of the traditional 3. Hmmm...... I don't think anyone EVER wins those things at Gameworks.Many games were broken down but many other games were running. I think this is just typical of an arcade. There weren't sooo many broken down such that it hindered the experience. There was still a good selection of games. They even have a "classic" section with pinball machines, pac-woman, etc.PRICES: 1 all day pass card which is $35 with a $2 card activation fee if you don't own a plastic card already. At the end of the night around 10:30 pm I sold the card for $5, which was good for unlimited play until 1 am. Not bad! We definitely used more than the cards worth if we were just using coins each time.TIPS: To redeem tickets you must have your card to redeem. I sold the card before redeeming our tickets but the front desk gave us a copy of our old card no problem. Also a tix-for-tonite counter is upstairs so while the kids play games you can go check out deals/wait in line. No coins are used in this arcade so if you want money for games you will have to buy a plastic Gameworks card ($2) and place money on that to swipe on the machines.SERVICE: No complaints here. CONCLUSION: Not the nicest arcade but not bad in keeping the kids entertained for an entire day. They enjoyed having free reign over any game they wanted for once with the all day pass, which is a good deal if you have a "swiper" running around. Good for a one time experience as they will get bored of it in less than one day since it's not the hugest arcade.
3	Games selection is quite small and when I went there. They closed early, earlier than most Gameworsk places. This might be one of the quietest and less profitable GW out there since it's Las Vegas. If this was connected or inside a casino. It would be more convenient
4	We had a great time here.  Between three of us, we shared two unlimited card and had a great time.  I forgot how much fun it is to shoot zombies.  Also, the drinks were REALLY reasonable for being on the strip.
1	One of the many arcades that Las Vegas. This one is pretty big; however, this one is pretty old compared to many other ones. The games are very old and most times there will be a few games that can't be played. What's good about this place is that they use a card to hold credits and amount of time instead of using like tokens or quarters.One more good thing about this place is that it's underground below the scorching heat of Las Vegas. Staff really sucks here and don't really want to help you. When my card wouldn't swipe properly, one of the female staff was like "You sure??!! If it works when I do it, then I will be very mad at you!" with a really bitchy attitude.
4	This is a good place for kids and adults alike (something for everyone) located on The Strip. There are classic video games with seats (pac-man) which is really neat (for those of us who grew up in the 1980s). My favorite is the basketball game (I once outscored my 1st husband- no lie!). There is a cafe and alcohol but I don't think that I've ever had the food, though (hence no comments). Certificates are available for the cafe on www.restaurant.com- check for restrictions. I haven't been here recently but it's a fun family-friendly place. It looks like the unlimited game play at $35 seems to be the best way to go- if you're planning to spend hours there.
2	This place brings back childhood memories. We used to have a Gameworks day once or twice a year when all my family is in town. Add it was great because we can go to M&M factory, Coke Factory, and then game all day. We were the ones always hogging the air hockey table for the entire day. It isn't quite as fun anymore. I remember there used to be a wall climbing thing here once upon a time. Or maybe I am imagining it. Me and my poor memory. Sorry.So recently I was here with a group of friends. We got a couple all day passes and then realized there isn't many games that I wanted to play. But the racing car thing in the back by the restaurant was fun. And the shooting games. But the guys in the group had a good time.Stopped by again 2 days ago. Had some wings. They do have happy hour pricing though. Nothing special, but not bad. This place just really isn't for locals over 16.
4	I love GAMEWORKS :) Every time I go to Vegas I never fail to come to this place & spend hours and hours of playing!  You also get fair kind of prizes from your tickets.. (that you usually don't get from typical arcade places)If you love chocolates, you can just go next door at M&M factory! It is also a walking distance from the MGM Grand which is our favorite hotel to stay in.
5	Brandon at the ticket exchange center made this experience the best I could hope for. He assisted me in obtaining a Sonic the Hedgehog beanie and tee shirt for my 7 year old daughter (who can't seem to get enough of the blue, spiky headed, dude) after the upstairs kiosk had closed for the day. There are a myriad of games to enjoy. Our group consisted of ages 7 to 30, and the five of us enjoyed every minute of the three hours we spent there. If I had more than two thumbs, they'd all be up!
4	Food: Never really tried any real food here, but I did try the Oasis smoothies. They were alright, but they are made from powder and ice. This place does offer a lot of fast finger food like fries, chicken strips, and burgers. Service: The employees are really nice and try to make conversation with you. They make sure you understand how time cards work and their restrictions and everything.Decoration: This place is located in the basement level in-between the Coca Cola factory and M&M World. The area is dimly lit! It is pretty big and the place is jam-packed with lots of arcade style games (mainly consisting of racing or shooting games). They also have old-school games like Gauntlet, Pac-Man, and Centipede. I love playing the DDR game there! Some of the machines change once in a while (i.e. they recently took out the air hockey tables and put in a Rambo shooting game). It is just surprising how they haven't updated the Mario Kart 1 system to the Mario Kart 2 (I have seen those in Circus Circus already). Summary:Food: B (Based on only the smoothies)Service: A-Decoration: B+Closing Comments:This is a great place to go to if you want to kill some time or if you are underaged and cannot gamble. They offer time options (1, 2, 3, and all-day). I always get the all-day pass for $35 because you can leave and come back if you get tired of playing games all day. The 3 hour option is already $30 so might as well fork over $5 more. Also, if you do not have a card, you will be charged a $2 fee so remember to always bring it with you to save money!. I recommend playing the racing games and DDR!
3	Games are getting older. I still like going but my xbox is better then most of their games.
3	If you have kids, drop them off here and go gamble.  Or if you're like me and have a boyfriend who doesn't gamble, drop them off here and go gamble.  I kid I kid.  BUT he did say he could spend all day here. Duly noted for our next trip LOL.My boyfriend love arcades and he had a good time.  I don't really care for the games so I played on the ones that gave out tickets.  You don't need to deal with tokens or anything like that, just prepay on a card and swipe away.FOOD: We had a restaurant.com certificate so we ate lunch here.  He had the BBQ baby back ribs and I had the Game Stopper burger (topped with an egg). Eh, food was so-so, can't expect much from an arcade eatery.  HOWEVER, their ICE CREAM FLOAT was DELICIOUSSSS! I would come back here just for the float.  Vanilla ice cream, oreo cookies, and soda blended together topped with Oreo cookie crumbles.
4	I've been here about 20 times :)  A tip for locals, the best place to park is MGM self parking off of Tropicana, and just make your way through MGM past the lions and out onto the strip.  Gameworks is just past all the people in costumes and M&M world.  There's a sign for Glacier Bar, that bar is attached to the inside of Gameworks.I'll start with the bad :- Some of the games break, it's to be expected with all the kids running through there.- Over-priced weak alcohol.- Pay per hour system, just don't do it.  Go for the points!Now the good stuff:- A rarity in America, customers always come first here!  If you have ANY problems with ANY games the staff will comp you those points and more, and are very friendly about it.  The only time they weren't friendly I talked to the manager and that kid got fired on the spot.- Same goes for the weak drinks, tell the barkeep about it and it's fixed no problems!- The food is surprisingly cheap and awesome, I would say on par with Red Robin.  Much much more than you'd expect for an arcade.- Loads and loads of games for everybody, more than you'll be able to play in one visit for sure.- Points system!  I load up a card for $54 (sounds expensive right!) and it comes with 400 points.  $22=120p / $27=190p / $37=260p / $54=400.  The average game costs 2-4 points, the highest is 8.  I'll use the same card for multiple visits.  If you have multiple people load up one card and pass it around.- It's probably the ONLY place on the strip where you can stay entertained the whole day for well under $100.
4	This is actually a rating for the restaurant. Our waitress was super nice. Food comes in huge portion, so if your really not that hungry, I'd stick with appetizers, or split a meal. But, if you are hungry, anything on the menu in this place will fill you up for sure. Love their Oreo shake. yum yum yummmm! I could totally go for an oreo shake right now.
4	A fairly large arcade with a good variety of newer games.  The only negative was a stale sewerage smell while we were in there.  I was surprised to see a lot of UFO Catcher (claw) machines - I almost felt like I was in a Japanese arcade.  They also had DDR Extreme, DDR Supernova, and Pump It Up machines in good working order.  We didn't spend too much time here, just long enough to play a few rounds of DDR and scope out the place.We didn't expect to see such a well-rounded arcade in Vegas.  I can't vouch for the food, but it's worth a stop if you're looking for some video game entertainment, or a break from the casinos.
4	Pretty awesome place once you get over the sewage spill odor that wafts up to assault you as soon as you head down the escalator. Not that little kids would care...We luckily stopped by Tix4Tonight shack down the block and picked up a discount for the unlimited hour of gaming. $13 for an hour of all the Dance Dance Revolution, shooting games, and general arcade games you can fit in. Not a shabby system since you're given a card that swipes at all the machines and it keeps track of how much play time you experience rather than just a simple countdown from when you first swipe. We definitely fit in a lot of DDR action, blasted zombies, and then finished off with motorcycle racing.
3	Good sized portions and the price wasn't too bad for being on the strip. Had the caesar chipotle chicken salad. Pretty good sized. Daughter had ribs and they fell right off the bones. Son had BBQ burger, pretty big size. Wife had margarita pizza, she loved it
3	Are your kids getting on your nerves? Aloha discounted babysitting! For the low cost of $37, they can play here all day while you enjoy yourselves at the bars they have on site. I used to come to GameWorks as a kid. Walking in, I wasn't impressed. Way too many driving games! All of the other games are pretty retro. The do have a Deal or No Deal Game which is pretty cool for adults.I definitely recommend it if you're staying on the strip with your children. They will love it. You will probably get bored if you don't want to get drunk so bring an iPad or something.
2	Got a Groupon for half off the all-day passes, so for roughly $80 we got 4 cards. The deal itself was decent, although almost all of the games were some sort of racing game. Many games were broken or not working at full capacity.If you really want a fun and cheaper gaming experience, check out the Pinball Hall of Fame. It's a few minutes off the Strip on Tropicana Ave, but for only $25, 4 people enjoyed hours of pinball and nostalgic arcade games, and that total price included a snack! Check out the Pinball HOF on Yelp... it's a 5-star place!
4	This review is for the Glacier Bar that is attached to Game Works. We walked by this place multiple times while in Vegas and they advertised the coldest beer in town. We bit one day and decided to stop in for a quick "Snack". The bar is actually accessed either through stairs/escalators from the sidewalk out front or through the lower level of Game Works itself. The bar is pretty small, and despite the name, it's pretty warm down there. I will say that we had the nicest and one of the cutest bartenders while we were there. Tiffany, was amazing! She was prompt, entertaining, personable and even made some custom drinks for us. It's a neat little bar, and worth the stop. The prices weren't bad for Vegas and it's kind of a novelty. I will warn you that getting out is a little more difficult as you have to go into Gameworks and use their elevators to get back up.
2	You need more new games, and some of the game cost alot of credit for 1 play......
2	As others have said, most of the games here are driving games, and many of them were broken. Some of the games are just plain rip-offs as well, such as their virtual bowling simulator which has messed up sensors (throw the ball down the center and it detects it as a gutter??) or their $1.50/play Operation game which ended after 15 seconds with no warning.With all that said, there are a couple of redeeming things about the place. Some of the arcade games are fun, and you'll have a lot to try if you like racing games. They also have pool tables, though again, many of them were out of order. Look in the free local discount books for some GameWorks coupons.
2	I visited Gameworks for the first time on 8/13/11 for a Gaia Online offline event from 3-6PM.  We purchased two 2hr game cards and went off to play.  I wish I had checked the game floor before we purchased the cards because I was pretty disappointed.  Many, many machines were listed as out of service and some of the games that were on didn't function properly.  There wasn't a very good selection of games in my opinion.    Our second card after an hour started to read as "insufficient funds".  At this point we were really overheated from the heat inside the building and kind of pissed off so we just left and decided not to come back again.I've had more fun at smaller arcades.
2	Oh Gameworks, I rememeber you to be the pinnacle of what arcades could be. New machines, a gigantic arcade floor, that huge helicopter seat that plays initial D. The hell happened? Pissed off teenagers and kids who smash the pads, break the pedals, overturn the steering wheel, break the guitar hero paddles, etc. Nothing causes more dissapointment than seeing a row of 5 initial D machines and realizing EVERYSINGLE ONE IS BROKEN I've never heard of an arcade in which the maintance team doesn't even attempt to fix almost all of their broken machines. Tis sad to say but the arcade era is long gone.
3	This is a good place to take the kids to after visiting M&M World and Coca Cola. It can get a little pricey to eat and play here but the kids really seemed to enjoy it.
4	When your starting out on day of of Vegas, before you hit up the pool parties, after a long drive, and you want to chill with some games  and beer...GAMEWORKS!!!! I love this place. The usual party crew hit this place up courtesy of a 50% groupon we received few months back, Originally we wanted to hit up Rambo, but, one of the controllers were broke, but hold on....We had to roll to the bar and grab a beer..Blue moon of course :). Ok, back to Rambo...Well, we didn't get a chance to play, so we did the next best thing, House of the Dead baby! It was a competition between My wife and myself one team, and the other team Brian B and Rob P. We both had the trick of swiping to get additional credit, but they did it more than us, because in the end....What happened is we reached the second to the last villain, and we ran out! Which meant, we have to take some petron shots from the bar, yes, that was the bet. Of course, fellow yelpers Rob P and Brian B took care of business and finished the game with one credit left! Damn them lol.From that point the wife and I hit up the hummer race game, and after that grabed some grub and more beer.After a great meal and some games (Sliders and beer), we hit up Pac Man! Now this was nice, Four controllers, four yelpers, we competed baby! Best out of five, and loser takes shots...Of course, we lost track and all of us took shots.Awesome time yelp peeps!Oh ya...On the way there, before we hit up gameworks, we saw Elvis leaving the building and game him a ride to his car!Yes, only in Vegas!
3	Decent selection of games and wasn't crowded during the week.  Great place to just chill and recover from a hangover ;)The games weren't in the best condition and the day pass didn't work for all the games, but paying "per play" would be obscenely expensive.  On the flip side, cheaper and more fun than playing slots!Rambo, Initial D, and Gauntlet were the highlights, as well as a no-name overhead Japanese bullet hell.There is a restaurant, but the food court a block away is a better call.
4	It was a Thursday afternoon and we had just arrived in Vegas. After checking into our hotel and eating some tasty, tasty oysters at Harrah's, we were looking for something to occupy ourselves until dinner. I played some slots and video poker, but the machines were not being kind to me. What to do now? "How about an arcade?" my boyfriend said. I remembered this Gameworks. We walked over and bought ourselves a $20 card. We thought that might occupy us for a little while, and then we'd figure out something else to do. As we walked off the escalator into the cavernous game-filled area, some random guy approached us. He and his kids were leaving, and he had two unlimited gaming cards that weren't set to expire for another few hours. Did we want them? But of course. So we spent a couple of hours down in that gaming area, using those unlimited cards to play many different shooting, fighting, and racing games. Then, when we finally got bored of that, we used the card we bought for all the ticket-giving games. It was glorious. Games, games, everywhere! We even ended up with enough tickets for a souvenir shot glass. It was awesome. Gameworks: a pleasant diversion, especially with an unexpected unlimited pass. w00t!
3	we got the all day passes that they had on groupon and decided to go on sunday.  it wasn't crowded at all, however i was kinda let down by the choice of the games.  a lot of the games were down for maintenance  or they were broken, and the games there were open there were just too many of the same games.  they had like 5 different house of the dead games and multiples of other games like that, and then a bunch of driving games.  i would have given it 2 stars, but we went up to the bar area by the food part and ended up playing pool for free, and they had skeeball that you can use the all day passes on so that was nice as the other skee ball machines do not let you as you win tickets with them.  the bartender was really nice and she ended up letting us play pool for free since we were buying drinks.  that made the rest of the afternoon for us till we drunkenly wandered over wicked spoon (see my review for there)i dont think i would be back here as i just didn't have a good time and everyone in our group was bored after about an hour
1	Everything LOOKED fun..Its all broken. Anything worth a damn is out of order. Waste of time.
2	I really wanted to be able to give this place a better review, but it was pretty disappointing. Many of the games were down but they didn't seem to be in a hurry to fix any of them. We ended up going a few times during the week and saw no progress towards fixing said machines. The arcade was also a bit too dark and very dingy for my liking. The guys I went with had a good time, but they're pretty easy to please and spent the majority of the time playing the 4 man Pac Man machine - which apart from DDR was just about the only working thing I was interested in.My friends got the all day pass because we ended up getting a few $10 off coupons which made it worth it. The all day timed cards can't be used with ticket or prize bearing machines, which eliminated a whole section of the arcade right off the bat. It's not a huge place, either. The prizes you could win with tickets were great anyways, but as I said there wasn't much variety to start with and the pool just kept getting smaller. There is a restaurant there which served questionable looking food, and they had nothing like popcorn to munch on quickly. They only allowed drinks on the arcade floor anyways.If you have a few kids it might be fun for them to check out the place for an hour, so I wouldn't plan on being there all afternoon. It wasn't bad for a quick detour or to take a break from walking, but it was definitely a let down.
1	A vast array of broken games, lackluster service and toilets you can LITERALLY smell from more than twenty feet away make this a terrible destination.Don't waste your money or time.Incidentally, I am an avid gamer and used to just LOVE this place.  It saddens me that it's fallen into such hard times.
4	It's a pretty nice arcade with a good number of choices. The card swiping made everything pretty convenient. I would say this is the largest and probably best arcade in Vegas.
3	I was thinking this place would be better than circus circus. It was but the problem is the particular game I like to play was intial D and Maximum Tuning. Both of these games are outdated in gameworks, there are newer versions of the the games like the initial D AA and Maximum Tuning 4 A+ or w/e it was I cannot remember. While I was playing the Maximum Tuning 3 in gameworks the four arcade systems were not linked up together even though it would be enjoyable to race against my cousin and other people. The card reader of the games does not work and they, gameworks, does not fill them with cards so kids or anyone could save their progress in the game.The only good thing was the initial D 4. Everything about the game worked for example playing against other people, cards, and machines mechanics.Other games- These games are working but may have some problems. Throughout the place I say about 80% of the games are working.Bad games-  These games are either off or broken. They have a couple of these machines located in the fighting games area.I came back to see if anything change, there were just a little changes.The midnight maximum tuning 3 did finally work of reading cards, vs, and ghost battle if you have a card already. The only thing about it is the machines still do not carry the cards to save data on it and play it later, because I luckily had a card that was that version and I began to play the game but sadly I ran out of certain number of plays a card can handle. I needed the machine to at least have 1 brand new card so I can update the card and play where I left off.------ Little info. on what I mean about the cards.The cards are considered memory cards for the game. Each card has a sixty game life, meaning if you lose a race, win a race, time race, ghost battle, and etc. it counts down until zero, when it reaches zero the player puts the card back in and the machine will offer to get a new card. If the machine had these special cards I would of got a new card and played longer, but I left disappointed and found something better to do.NOTE: The three stars are for the games I described.
3	Once upon a time, this was the place to go for a few drinks and enjoy some video games with your friends. Now there is a swanky club with personal gaming and this place is more of a distant memory. Yes, the days of marketing Vegas as a family friendly destination are long gone, but Gameworks is still around.The selection is becoming more of a history museum of classic arcade games with a few modern additions. A few of my friends and I got a couple of two hour play cards and went around to a majority of the machines. The only ones off limit were the prize and ticket games. We played a few shooters, fighting, and racing games from when we were in high school for pure nostalgic enjoyment. Then there are the DDR and Pump dance games. I am not a fan of dancing games, but once I saw the new Pump game had K-Pop, took off with the swipe card. There are old classic songs from Sechkies and DJ Doc mixed in with Big Bang, 4minute, Orange Caramel, Beast, and SHINee. To most, this means nothing, but I did not care if I looked like an idiot. This was entertaining enough to distract me for 20 minutes. As an adult, two hours here is a stretch. Even with my enthralled love of K-Pop, it barely covered the time. It was nice to just act like a kid again, but a full day pass would be too much.
4	I've been here a couple of times. The first time there was a house of the dead 4 special that was super amazing to play. When I returned a few years later the machine was no longer there which made me sad since you can't really find it anywhere else anymore.Even so I had a good time here. I had no issues with broken machines and after burner climax was a dream to play (Actually beat that game here FINALLY)The staff was very friendly and helpful when I couldn't get my old credits off my card.
2	What the heck...when did gameworks close lol? It was the place to be when I was under 21 though.  Since I turned 21 I never really gave the place a second look haha. Why waste money in video games when I could put that money on the roulette table and just put the money on 19-36...bam doubled my money 8) . Seriously think they should have left it open for the kids and stuff out there. Vegas is slowly losing all of it's family friendly places so this place closing is just speeding up that process. I feel sorry for all the teenage boys who now have literally nothing to do on the strip anymore. Just hold out until you are 21 boys. It's worth the wait...trust me!I wonder if they ever got rid of that sewage smell haha
