5	I am very pleased with this Meineke shop. I brought my car in for an oil change and fluid level check etc....I was expecting the guys to push the need for other service on my car as happens at other places. The service people took care of what I needed, made future suggestions but all in all my car was running fantastic. I will come back to Meineke for my oil changes and other service needed.
5	I love this place!  They are honest as the day is long.  We bought a battery at another Meineke location less than 2 years ago.  We went back to the other location (Power and Southern) because I could not find the warranty paperwork.  They said they could not help us because they had a new computer and new owners, so no paper trail.  So we went back to this Gilbert location, fully prepared to purchase a new battery.Well, let me tell you, they went above an beyond as far as I am concerned.  I guess there is a number stamped into the battery and there was also some tag that should have been removed by the other location that was not removed.  They contacted Interstate Batteries and found the battery was less than 2 years old and I GOT A NEW BATTERY FOR FREE!  FULL WARRANTY REPLACEMENT!!!       I can almost guarantee the Southern location would NOT have gone through all this for us, because they did not offer to do anything and let us walk out the door.This Gilbert location could have sold us a new battery, no questions asked by us as we had no paperwork to hold up a warranty, but they didn't.  They did some leg work and really sold us on how honest they really are.
5	Brought my truck in for an oil change. Got a few extra things done also. I was pleased with how honest they were about what did and didn't need done,  I will definitely come back.
2	I've come to this Meineke a few times with good results. Recently I brought my car in to get an estimate on some inner tie rods and a lower control arm that needs to be replaced. I got a call from them an hour later asking me if I am going to be able to afford to get this repaired right now or not (seriously). I replied, "that really depends on how much it's going to cost". They said they would take a quick look at it and get me a quote. Hours later I went back in because I hadn't heard anything and it was almost closing time, walked in to a full crew sitting around in the office just hanging out and was told they were trying to research and that these parts are not easy to find. Really? On a 2005 Dodge? That was probably 10 days ago and they still haven't called me back. Every other shop I called was able to get me a quote within 30 minutes and didn't insult me by questioning my ability to pay. Regardless of what (or if) their quote comes back at I can tell you they have not earned my future business.
1	Not honest ! Had my brakes checked and they said all was fine. Went to a different place to have my tires rotated and they showed me where a bolt stud had been broken. It could have only have been where they had checked the brakes. What a shame people are dishonest
1	Was told the wait would be 30 minutes. Almost 2 hours later had to leave and didn't even get the oil change that I had come for. Very disappointed In the service, would not recommend anyone to go there with out calling ahead and even then it's a bit shotty.
5	Great service at this location! Went in for an oil change but found out I needed to fix a wheel bearing along with a couple other things. Sure things can get expensive on vehicles but it has to be done and more than anything I appreciate the honesty and great customer service from David. I will continue to get my truck serviced with these guys!
