4	This PT's location makes me love thus chain bar again. Was here last night with a few friends and had a great time. Not crowded, the bartender Scott was really funny and always there for a refill, and the whole place is clean and cozy.Was worried that this place was closed down when I looked for it on Yelp, and that my trip across town would be a huge waste. My Henderson friends reassured me that they were open, and they were right. If this location wasn't so far from my house I would be here every night.
4	My bf and I have been here a few times and we love their pizza. Its half price during HH and we always get pep & jalapeno and its always good. Its thin enough so you're not stuffed and its big. enough for 3 to share. My bf always orders draft beer  - great prices and I either get draft or order a mixed drink. Not too strong not too weak. They have pool tables and lots of bar seating. Its very chilled out and the bartender is always friendly. its been the same guy the last few times we've been. I'd def. go back to this place.
3	Price is right but the food is mediocre. I had the ceasar salad, one had the kitchen sink. It was ok but not very tasty.
3	This is the only PT's I've been too...or better...the only one I remember. I think I went to another location a few years back. Walking in the bar was dark. Not normal bar dark, but almost pitch black dark. It smelled of smoke (I was expecting this) but the ventilation was actually decent. I stopped by for a happy hour for a friends birthday. They were running a nice beer special, but I was only here for one. I also had the pretzel bites. They were nothing special, but good bar food. I'd like to come back to this PT's or another to see what it is like on a weekend night. This location also had a couple pool tables, and a couple nice big TVs as well.
3	This is the only PTs I will regularly visit. Every OTHER PTs location I have been has left a bad taste in my mouth (sometimes literally) for the chain. At this location however, the prices are decent (especially during Happy Hour), the standard bar food is a little more costly then I would expect for the location, which reminds me that it's a PTs. The Bartenders always manage to find time to stop and greet their customers, and Dale (Bartneder) remembered my beer on my second visit (2 weeks later).If you've been to any of the PTs throughout town before and weren't satisfied, give this location a try before giving up on the chain entirely. If you do happen to enjoy the other locations, this one will probably rock your socks!Be forewarned though, there tends to be really loud, somewhat ridiculous karaoke here on some nights...
3	This PT's is nothing special, but consistent, which I can appreciate. They have two HH's per day, one from (I think) 4 - 7, and the other from midnight to 3am, and during HH, their wells, drafts and pizzas are half price. They have an extensive draft selection, and the pizza, which is on a very thin crust, is usually pretty good. That said, the music is my only real complaint about PT's. I understand the music is coming from the jukebox. I understand that other customers are selecting what is being played, and that unless I play it, I likely am not going to hear "my" music; what I cannot get next to is the fact that, at times, the Bartender turns the music up to levels so absurd that you cannot hear your companions without yelling at one another! In a location that has such a pleasant atmosphere, otherwise, this is always a source of frustration.
3	I like it. I do. Just not a whole lot.Hit up this PT's just a few nights ago for an outing with coworkers. We all arrived shortly after 9 PM on a Tuesday night. There were a few patrons at the bar, but other than that the place was empty. It does indeed have a smokey smell, but it looks really clean and new. There are definitely nice place to sit around tables on couches. The bar area is large a well-lit. There are pool tables and a beer pong table.My friends and I mostly came for the beer/drinks. We sat at a table near the billiards section as many in my group were playing pool and beer pong. I was starving, so I actually had to eat. I selected the Jalapeno Sliders, that come with three mini burgers and some french fries. They were quite tasty, not greasy, not overly done. The jalapenos gave them a nice kick. They were good - but everything on their menu seems pretty pricey to me for it being bar food. My sliders were 9 bucks! I don't mean to be a cheap-skate but usually when I see a bar menu there's *at least* a few items around $5-$7. But not on PT's menu.Overall I'd come back if I were hanging out with coworkers and this was their choice. But I doubt I'd be back just because I felt like it.
1	I had never experienced racism in my life... This guy's (bartenders) stopped the music that I PAID for in the juke box just because it was in SPANISH. ... they said they couldn't play the music because other customers didn't like it, I PAID FOR IT JUST LIKE OTHER PEOPLE PAY FOR THEIR MUSIC. ... THEY WERE RACISTS TO ME AND I WILL NEVER GO TO ANY PT'S BAR AGAIN EVER IN MY LIFE
1	Horrible service. For a spider In your food you get 5$ off your bill.  SMFH!
1	Eat elsewhere. Seriously. $11.99 for three freaking chicken strips and fries! I thought other chicken strip places were expensive, where you get three sauces, bread, a lot more fries, and 6 strips for $9.50. The strips are just your standard, frozen, mass produced cuts of chicken, pretty bland and not even worthy as bar food.The bartender on staff, and kitchen staff that delivered the food were nice, and on point. It's just tough to give PT's any stars when the prices are so damn high.
