4	Upon arriving at the hotel my first impressions were with the lobby. With it being a Hoiday Inn "Express" I was expecting an express version of a hotel. This hotel has beautiful ceramic floor that is gleaming. There's a large breakfast area that serves bagels, cereal, yogurt, hard-boiled eggs, etc.. Very satisfying. Having 3 children we typically stay in a suite and find that the suite here is wonderful. It consists of a large bedroom with a king bed, a nice chair, end tables, armoire w/TV, and a padded bench (and window). The living room has a pull out sofa, desk with swivel chair, coffee table, armoire w/TV and a large Kohler Jacuzzi tub. This isn't the little bath tub with some jets this is a three-ish person jacuzzi with several jets, recessed lights above and a ceramic floor skirt. The bathroom has a bathtub, shower with an awesome Kohler shower-head, and all the "products" typically found. The area between the bedroom and living room has a wet bar with sink. The front desk staff is great and accommodating. We will certainly return in the future.
1	My husband and I stayed one night for a sports event. They had coffee in the lobby, which was nice. But only had hazelnut creamer, which was not. When we arrived three people behind the desk ignored us for sometime, when one of them finally did speak, it was to tell us our room was not ready. (We were 15 mins early for check in. ) We went out to get something to eat...when we returned the room was still opened, and the maid cart was just outside. She closed the room. (It wasn't vacumed.) When we did check in we had a very unfriendly clerk who asked questions and took my info as though she suspected me of a crime of some sort. Later, when my husband asked if there was a shuttle to the game he got a lot of attitude.  That night, finally showered and settled, the TV was stuck on a game station (no games). I called the desk, and the person was very nice but couldn't help me because there were no maintainance people. I asked if she could call the mananger-she said she could not. The next day we went to the free buffet breakfast but only a few items were left. When I went to the front desk about the matter-I got to stand there for a while, after which a rather surly clerk let the manager know that breakfast was almost over anyway. (Her watch must be fast about 25 mins.) The manager or assistant manager was apologetic and went to get the cook, who it seems doubles as a chamber maid and had gone off to clean rooms. She made some eggs and so on. I took a fruit from the lobby as the one bruised banana on the buffet looked sad and unappealing.  No wonder it's free.After breakfast, we went back to the room to relax a little, but the front desk started calling about a half hour before check out to "remind" us. I don't know why. No one would want to extend their stay-trust me.
5	Staff were great from beginning to end!They have an exercise room that was empty every day I went in there!  They provide a "free" continental breakfast, which my boys loved.  I just thought it was standard.  They put little treats out like cookies throughout the day.  The hotel is close to inner city goings on.  It was quiet, the room was nice and they were very kid friendly.  I am guess they don't get much foot traffic b/c it seemed very quiet.  Not that that is a bad thing.
4	Very nice place to stay for the price. Easy to get to after a long day at Kennywood. I was impressed by the nice soft towels and sheets. The breakfast selection seemed larger than your average free breakfast and the food was tasty, but the coffee was very weak - better to bring your own can of coffee and some filters. The staff was friendly and our interactions were brief - the way it should be!
1	Room stank, ripped carpet, marked up walls, tub would not hold water for a bath, the lights over the bed would not turn on and did not work properly and being in the dungeon lower level parking lot area I had to go up to the 3rd floor to get ice - what is wrong with this picture.  And of course all rooms were booked so we could not get out of this horrible room.I have stayed at $29 a night motels that were managed better and in better condition than this facility in West Mifflin, PA.  Just why IHG has let this relic of a hotel go to this condition I have no idea, but they should be ashamed of themselves!Bottom line: Do yourself a big favor "DO NOT STAY HERE."  I personally will never stay at another IHG property again and as a rewards customer I feel taken after spending $140 plus 10,000 rewards points for a two night stay in this facility.
3	Not a terrible hotel, but the staff was rude and there was nothing to offset that.
