4	Yummy chicken and waffles cooked to order plus nice, friendly service.
5	Very good. As an out of towner, I'm disappointed with the location. It is very difficult to locate. With that being said, it was quite good. The chicken rivals my mothers or mine. The catfish was very good, but a little overpriced (despite everything else being a good value). They don't really have the entire soul food menu available everyday. They have daily specials and traditional american food, i.e. burgers, hot dogs etc, all the time. They do have the sides available and they were very good. They were very home cooking/from you mama' recipe. Overall, good food but need a better location. If they were downtown, they would make a crap load of money.
4	Fantastic food made to order, but tricky to find, and not a fast lunch.  Plan on getting the peach cobbler to go.The focus here is on the food.  Mell's fried chicken is incredible, with or without waffles.  Her biscuits and gravy is amazing.  I've not had better catfish in Madison.  Her cobblers are out of this world when fresh, and well worth picking up even once they're in the fridge.The food can be somewhat inconsistent, depending on who is working in the kitchen.  Sometimes the black eyed peas are better than I've ever had elsewhere; sometimes they're unremarkable.Beverage choices are limited to water and canned soda.You'd do well to call your order in if you're looking for a lunch in under an hour, especially if you're going with a group of more than four.
5	Today's lunch at Melly's is among the top two meals I've had since moving to Madison. The food is so good, it had to be more than a recipe that made it; nothing but pure wisdom could have produced the 6-7 items we had off the menu so perfectly tender, crispy, juicy, tart, bitter, and sweet. The chicken is available everyday, and was made to order. It came out crispy, piping hot, and seasoned with a bit of sour and salt. I recommend pairing it with the baked beans and potato salad, or whatever Melly recommends. Can't choose which side? They're all delicious. The mixed greens and mac n cheese alongside the rib tips - Thursdays special - were like taking part in a little bit of Americana. The walls are filled with family photos, which is as homey as one can get. The comfort of good food and family vibes feels good for my belly.
4	Been here twice-- gotta try something besides the greens and yams as far as sides go, but they're so good I got them each time... The fried chicken is nothing short of perfect and I don't think I've had better anywhere else.  My only concern is the speed of the service-- I have no problem waiting for good food, but if you're trying to make it in and out over your lunch hour and have to get back to work it might be tight (Mel acknowledged and apologized for this last time as they were slammed with take-out orders).  I think they cater and I would definitely give them a try for that if the opportunity presents. I think between Melly Mell's and JB's on Park (also worth going to!), I'd say Melly's had an edge on the food (and more seating) but JB's is more convenient (location and speed).
4	OK, let's talk about Melly Mell's. The location is odd and unexpected. The decor is humble and eclectic. And Melly, she is a force - energetic, funny, hospitable and one hell of a Chef. She is surrounded by family 24/7 and there is never a dull moment. Eating the food was like traveling down south. I'd been dreaming of fried chicken for weeks so I ordered that (all dark meat) with mac & cheese and greens. They initially forgot my greens so when Melly found out, she went back, got them and also gave me a corn muffin as a sweet apology. The chicken was juicy, had a perfect crust, was not at all greasy, with hints of pepper, vinegar & just the right amount of salt. The mac & cheese was creamy and cheesy without being mushy - the pasta was cooked perfectly. The greens were tender & flavorful adding a nice bit of bitterness to balance out my meal. The corn muffin was fall-apart tender, just the right amount of sweetness with a hint of cinnamon that I've never had before in corn bread, but it really worked. My husband got the Philly cheese steak with fries. His first comment after 2 bites was:  I will order this again! It was crazy good, unexpectedly so. The meat was super flavorful and tender with just the right amount of cheese. It was perfect, didn't need a thing. The fries were nothing to write home about, but they were good. We left with a take-out menu, smiles on our faces and we look forward to our next meal. Thanks, Melly!
3	Melly Mel makes arguably the best fried chicken in Madison. If you are a "foodie" get here. Talk to Mel. Order again. Talk some more. Try everything. It is the experience that you want. That's what we did and it was great.If you're not a foodie stay away. You won't like it because the location is far away. The signage is propped against a wall if it's even out on display at all. The decor is weird and unmatched. The music selection might be a little too 90s for you.
4	Map it.Map it again.Know you'll get lost. But know that deep down in a basement off the Beltline lies the best fried chicken you will ever eat. No question. It's juicy. It's flavorful. Whatever spice combination that chicken is dredged in before frying is of the gods. It's incredible. And you can get simply white, just the dark, or a combo of white and dark.
4	Good chicken. Great Mac and cheese. Don't forget to save room for the peach cobbler. Say 'hi' to melly for me
5	Great chicken..great sides...great prices!! I can hardly wait to go back! Mel was a wonderfully nice person and an East High grad to boot!
4	Prices are low but portions are small, so expect to get at least two dishes to fill you up which will definitely cost more than the prices the menu appears to be.Fried chicken wings: Crust was almost overly lemony/seasoned, but the flavor was still very good and quite unique. Chicken meat was moist and juicy. Definitely among the better wings I've had.Catfish Fillet: A singular fillet ended up costing $9, which is quite expensive even though the size of the fillet was pretty big. The crust was a classic, crispy cornmeal breading, which would've been even nicer if it had some more spices and seasoning. However, it was still pretty good.The place is really run down but the interior actually feels somewhat homey and relaxing.Will definitely be coming back. Probably won't be getting the catfish again because of the price, but for chicken I will be a frequent visitor.
4	Amazing. The chicken here is perfect; it has a very interesting seasoning like nothing I've had on fried chicken before, and it packs quite a flavor to complement the crunchy, masterfully fried wing. I also had the catfish which was excellent, along with four sides: baked beans, black-eyed peas, mac and cheese and french fries. Both the beans were plenty tasty, the baked beans especially with their sweet peppery sauce and hamburger bits. The mac and cheese was also good, I recommend mixing it with the beans. I will say the fries left something to be desired, however they seem an afterthought given the rest of the fare. Do yourself a favor and find the entrance (it's on the side of the office building) and descend those stairs, this place is a gem.
5	Other reviewers say that the chicken was the best they'd ever had.My friend, a vegetarian, was swiping the bones from my plate to gnaw on, and we ended up ordering an extra basket to share after we'd finished our meal.If that's not good food, I don't know what is.
5	I've been in Madison for about 4 weeks for work and had to eat out every meal.  Aside from a couple steakhouses Melly Smells is the best place I've been.  I got three pieces of fried chicken; a leg, thigh and breast. I also got Two sides of Mac and cheese and baked beans.  The chicken was fantastic.  It was freshly made to order and came very hot.  The breading was crisp and tasty.  I think there was a sprinkle of lemon pepper on the chicken for an added oomph.  The breading was not heavy handed and the chicken was moist and delicious.My sides were really good. The Mac and cheese was creamy and not over done.  I would have liked a touch of crunchyness such as corn or crumble topping, but it was still good on its own.  The baked beans were the best I've had in the area.  They had a smokey tangy sweetness that I like and there was some meat ( pork sausage or ground beef?), which added some flavor and texture.Lastly I got peach cobbler with ice cream for dessert.  It was excellent.Overall the service was very good.  I was the only customer in the restaurant at the time and Kelly came out to talk.  We had friendly conversation and we talked about other places I've eaten while in the area.  I even got to toss a Frisbee with her granddaughter.  I will be back for some BBQ on Thursday.  If its as good as tonight I'll leave Madison happy.
5	I got take out from Melly Mel's and IT WAS SO DELICIOUS that I am already planning my next meal from there.Thanks so much to all the yelpers that convinced me to try this place because I never would've heard of it. I also never would've found it if someone hadn't posted that it's located in the basement of Genesis something (go through the side doors). I have to admit that when I got to the address, I thought I was in the wrong place or that someone was playing a cruel prank on me.I ordered chicken and waffles, which were ready by the time I arrived. The woman who worked there was soooo friendly and nice, which always makes ya like a place a little more.I was full of anticipation during the car ride home because the food smelled so so so amazing. It tasted even better. The chicken (came in wings btw, which I wasn't expecting so if you want thighs with your waffle specify that on the phone) was so perfectly cooked and seasoned. I can't even describe it but it's on my short list for best chicken wings/fried chicken I've ever had. Can't wait to go back and try the non-wing fried chicken to see if it's just as amazing. The macaroni and cheese was also really yummy.I'll be back :)
5	5 stars for the fried chicken, best I have ever had! 5 stars for Melly, nicest lady you will ever meet! Ok, the building is less than ideal, but I don't care about that, I am not there for the view, I am there for the food. The greens were so good (she uses smoked turkey instead of pork, YES) and did I mention the fried chicken?!?  I don't know what is in that recipe, vinegar maybe?  Whatever it is it works.  I have eaten here several times, each time the food is good, the staff is friendly and I can't wait to go again.  Give small places like this a chance, you won't be disappointed :)
