4	Ponderosa Stables has now made it on the "things to do with visitors"  list.   I took my first ride back in January with my husband and 70 year old father in law who was visiting from Connecticut.   And, no, I didn't do it to torture the old guy.  He's a spry 70 year old who runs every day - I took him because I knew he could handle it :)Ponderosa Stables is at South Mountain Park, the largest city municipal park in the country (by the way).  I live close to the base of South Mountain and have hiked almost all the trails.  Let me tell you - it's a different perspective to be on these trails on a horse.  Wow!The price seemed reasonable at $30 an hour.  Each time I've gone - it's just been the guide and my small party of 2-3 people.  The horses are capable and calm and you don't get beyond a walking pace.   You get a nice mix of terrain for the 1 hour ride with some downhills and uphills.  But now that I've been a few times - I long for a small trot.Ponderosa Stables does offer longer rides that can etiher take you out to T-bones for dinner, all the way to the top of South Mountain, and cookouts (which you need a minimum party of 8 people).The guides are very personable.  Although, I thought it was funny the last time I went thet were short-handed because a guide had failed the random drug test.  It's nice to know that the outfit that runs the place screens for that sort of stuff.Bottom Line:  Even if you are a native of Phoenix, and have never been on a horse, I recommend this experience.  It really is a different perspective riding the desert on a horse with no name.  (Do you feel a song coming on?)
4	I think I'll steal Ayesha's style of review for my own on this 1.I'd like to preface this review with these things:1. I was taken here on a first date. It was great!2. I'm an animal lover. I respect animals for actually having unappreciated intelligence. I hear horses remember people who treat them well.3. I don't care about poop 1 way or another. I can say that I'd rather deal with horse poop than human poop though! It's just digested grass. Humans eat all sorts of processed foods. Now that's gross.Alrighty, let's get to it.$30 for an hour. Not bad, not bad.This place helped me realize I don't feel like a beginner anymore. I took beginner lessons for a few years every summer in my pre tween years. I was worried I'd forgotten everything. I haven't! Going here brought back a lot of my lessons. They don't teach a darn thing here. They help you up on your horse & demonstrate, "Left to go left, right to go right." They tell you to get after your horse for trying to eat along the way too.I'm tired of constantly "walking" my horse. There was no trotting of any kind. I practically pleaded to just go a teensy bit faster. Nope, didn't happen.I actually own boots. Everyone else has tennis shoes on. Lots of out of towners come here to try out riding a horse.I got snapped at because I was going to walk around the back of my horse. I'm not dumb, I KNOW I'm supposed to let the horse know I'm there by keeping my hand on him all the way around. Again, no quick teaching here at all. They don't ask you questions to determine your knowledge when you sign the waiver.I know they have to take precautions because of all the people who have never been on a horse before, but I don't need babying. I could get my butt in & out of a saddle when I was 11, on my own. I can certainly do it now.I did really enjoy this, I'm just frustrated by feeling held back.The guides kind of give you flora & fauna info along the way. The people working here are nice. I just couldn't help but chuckle while thinking my grandmother would blow this kid out of the water with the plethora of information she knows.You can volunteer here & maybe eventually work your way to having a job! Gotta be there by 6am though. Some people here work for tips. TIP YOUR GUIDEThe horses do all have names, & you learn the name of yours.
4	Home, home on the Ponderosa Range. Here you might easily be transformed into Clint Eastwood, John Wayne or one of their lovely ladies when you arrive for a day of horseback riding through the desert. I discovered this ranch while hiking up South Mountain during the Cancer Climb. I noticed stables and a western home-front, went home, looked it up on yelp and realized that this might be a fun little experience to check out. When I learned my friend was abandoning the desert for the Big Apple, we started looking into a place to host her farewell party. So a group of us decided to check out Ponderosa Stables so she never forgot her time living among cowboys (or wannabe ones) in the desert. Equipped with cowboy boots and flannel (we have to be in character right?), a group of ten girls arrived at Ponderosa Stables for a horseback ride through the desert followed by a genuine cowboy cookout. For those of you who haven't been to this part of South Mountain yet, I suggest checking it out because it's much prettier then you would expect. Each of us were paired with a horse comparable to our size and weight. I had a sturdy and veteran white horse that looked like he was straight out of a movie. The horses were calm and friendly and for someone who doesn't ride a horse very often, the staff made it seamless and enjoyable. We went on an hour ride through the desert as the sun glistened on the horizon. It was a completely calm and fun experience as we reminisced with my friend and bid her farewell. The path is natural and true desert terrain on the base on South Mountain. It really reminded how beautiful the desert is. After we brought out the inner cowgirl in us and worked up an appetite while doing so, we arrived back to the stables where our cookout awaited us. As the sun set, we enjoyed burgers, hot dogs, beans, chips, salad and drinks. This was just option for a group adventure. They offer many other varieties depending on what you're looking for. My time at Ponderosa Stables was exactly what I hoped it would be as I walked by it during the Cancer Climb. I learned that they also offer a steak ride where you horseback ride over South Mountain to a local steakhouse, enjoy a steak dinner and ride back. It's on my list to try! So once again, Yelp didn't let me down (as usual) and the experience was just as I expected!
5	I took my team here for a group outing on the last night of our conference in Phoenix.  I coordinated with the Ponderosa Stables team several months in advance and they were completely prepared for our arrival.We decided to take the ride through South Mountain Park to the T-Bone Steakhouse and back.  The ride back was the coolest thing ever - it was pitch black and the desert really came to life.  The wranglers that road with our group were fantastic!Highly recommend this experience to any resident of Phoenix or visitors to the Valley of the Sun!  This is one of those once in a lifetime experiences!
4	I heard that is was obligatory to do horseback riding while in Phoenix and this place got recognition from one of the travel books I looked at and also from Yelp.  My girlfriend and I decided to give it a shot and we were not disappointed.  Our guide was great and even took our camera and took pictures of us together on our horses.  The scenery in the park was great too.  Great staff, great horses, great scenery, and good prices.
5	This was a blast! I have never ridden a horse before and we took a 2 hour ride.  Our guide was super helpful, fun, and very nice.  Would highly suggest!
4	Were originally from Phoenix, but only recently visited Ponderosa Stables for the first time. My Boyfriend and Step Daughter and I went on a 1 Hour Trail Ride, and at $39.00 Per person, I'd say it was worth the smiles it brought her. The horses are reeeeealy slow, so it's a little tougher to enjoy as an adult, but My 12 Yr Old Loved it. The trail guide was great and the trail itself was enjoyable. I hear they have great dinner rides, which we may go check out sometime were in town visiting again.
4	We did the T-Bone Steakhouse ride.  It was about 1.5 hours out to the restaurant and then just over 1 hour on the way back.  This is a great thing to do with folks from out of town to have them experience the desert, see the view of the city of Phoenix, have sunset views among the cactus and really feel like they have experienced the Southwest.  We were fortunate that our ride coincided with a full moon so it made for a beautiful ride back in the moonlight.
5	Wonderful!Came here this Friday (03/31/12) and took a 1 hour ride with my little sister. Everyone working was very friendly and helpful, and our ride guide actually gave our group a mini lesson - both about horseback riding and about the desert - as we went along. He was very energetic and friendly (asking us all to say where we're from and the most exciting thing we've ever done), encouraging us to bond and keep the trip fun.The horses were also well-trained and completely safe (I went on the ride with my 9-year-old sister, and she loved it!) My horse Dakota was definitely experienced and kept a good steady pace.Overall, very nice staff, well-trained horses, and beautiful scenery - simply perfect.
4	This was fun.  Originally we wanted to do the T-bone Steak ride but the cowboy on hand took one look at these city slickers and gracefully convinced us to do the shorter trail rides instead.  I am so glad he did.Prices were great, staff was great.  Overall a fun time.
5	If you are looking for a good Western 'City Slicker' experience this is the place to go!  I have been taking friends visiting from out of town to Ponderosa Stables for over 4 years now.  By far their best ride is the T-bone steak evening ride.  You ride off into the sunset into the South Mountains and enjoy the beautiful desert scenery as the sun paints a glorious colorful sky over the mountains.  At one point there is a beautiful lookout view of the Valley of the Sun, which is a great for pictures.  About an hour and a half later as the sun drops below the crest of the hill and your butt starts to ache from straddling a saddle, you arrive at the T-Bone Steak House, where you tie up your horse and go in for a drink and good food.  I have met the owner and he is a genuinely nice fellow and is proud of his restaurant. The steaks are perfectly cooked with a basic salt and pepper seasoning.  Their grilled corn on the cob is my favorite side and every meal comes with an open salad bar, nothing fancy but it hits the spot after a long ride.  After you drain the drop of your last drink and the moon is rising, you saddle back up and ride back home at night.  It is amazing to see the city scape at night from the mountainside, hear the sounds of desert life in the distance, and experience watching the horses expertly traverse the terrain in the dark!  The ride back seems to go faster, but I think that is because the horses are excited they are going home for the evening.  I think the age limit for this ride is 6 and the weight limit is around 250lbs.  The cost is about $45.  It is well worth it and will keep coming back; I have never had a disappointing experience at Ponderosa Stables!  Yeeehaaaw! :)
4	Update as of 2/18/13:  My girlfriend and I did the T-Bone Steak Sunset Ride for Valentine's Day weekend.  My horse Q was not the best ... I liked Stubbs A LOT more.  Q kept biting other horses and was pretty slow, and because of that the guides kept telling me to kick him, which after awhile was pretty annoying.  Also, I think there should be a way to store a jacket with one of the guides.  The ride to the steakhouse was gorgeous and really warm, but the ride back was REALLY cold.  Original Review:  This is a must-do event for anyone visiting Arizona.  Be sure to call ahead and make reservations so they don't leave on a ride without you.  We arrived just in time to hop on some saddles and head off.  I was on Stubbs, and my girlfriend and girlfriend's brother nicknamed their horses Black Beauty and Farty (the first because it's black ... the second because it farted a lot ... we're very creative).  We'll definitely come back for a ride at sunset.  Also if possible try to ride close to one of the guides.  The whole way a guy named Keith was telling us all these great stories about the area and horseback riding.  SO fun!
4	Lots of fun for the family. The only downside is the horses eat lots of burritos and rip major poo wind. Also to get your horse to go faster download the indiana jones pocket whip.
5	T-Bone steak ride was wonderful!  Horses are beautiful and well cared for!
5	All I can say is WOW!  This event is great for the family and even better for the team building effort.  My manager set up all 10 of us for an evening ride down up to a steakhouse.  We dined well on adult beverage and huge slabs of meat.  The night ride back couldn't be described in words.  The lights over the city and heavenly view is something that will always be remembered.  I think our rate was like $50 a person.  What a steal and wonderful value.......  The crew were extremely friendly and I'm now taking my family back tomorrow.
4	Earlier in the Summer I made my first trip to Arizona with my husband as a "Yay you survived another semester of school" trip.  As I was looking for unique things to do in the area I came across the Ponderosa Stables website.  Neither of us has ever really ridden a horse before so it seemed like the perfect getaway excursion.  Their website had a very thoroughly listing of all of the different types of horse rides that they offer and we ultimately decided on the T-bone steak sunset ride.  I booked online which seemed super convenient, but be sure you call to confirm they got your reservation because their system doesn't always work as I found out.  It didn't only happen to us, but they were still able to accommodate everyone who showed up so that was a plus.With this option you get to take an hour long ride through parts of the Sonoran Desert at sunset to the T-bone Restaurant.  Then you tie up your horses around the back and head inside to feast on a delicious steak dinner (price not included).  After being stuffed full, you and your party get to ridge back to the stables at night under the stars.  It was a great experience and worth the $45 a person. The staff was super funny and nice and the horses were really easy to work with as a newbie.  The people that run this establishment were enthusiastic, charming, and just fun to be around.  They really help make the ride out entertaining and enjoyable.  If you decided to take a ride while in Arizona, I definitely recommend jeans and sneakers to protect yourself.  Also, heads up, it will get dusty during the ride! This was a fun activity if you want to get out of the city and try something new.
5	Had a great time!  took the dinner ride.  it was well worth it!  would definately recomend it.  and Calvin was great!
3	Unique experience but don't get suckered into the ride at night and then T Bone dinner at a cabin in the desert. The cabin is a restaurant behind a neighborhood that is ok but not worth the $50 you will spend for two people.
5	This was one of the best days I've ever had on a vacation. The cowboys and gals at Ponderosa were so warm, friendly and made me feel right at ease. This was my first time riding and I was ecstatic. My cowboy took me out for a 1-hr ride (I just showed up - no appointment)  and we rode through the most stunning views of the Sonoran desert. It was calm, serene, breathtaking and unbelievable. Since I took a cab out there from Tempe, they even gave me a ride back to my hotel! I can't wait to return to do this again!
5	Took my 2 nieces here this morning. It was their 1st time on a horse. I can't say enough good about how careful the folks at Ponderosa Stables were on making sure they had horses they could handle and be comfortable. Our trail guide, JW was very experienced and knew how to handle our group of 7 that had 4 beginner riders. Being a novice myself I found the pace perfect. The 1hr ride was the perfect length. This is the place to go, especially if you are a beginning rider. The South Mountain location is very scenic.
4	I really enjoyed this experience. First, the prices for rides are great. We did the 1hr./$33 Ride. Second, The staff were understanding and accommodating. The manager, Dan, made sure we had all the info we needed to feel comfortable (we are beginners), and our guide made sure to customize the trail for our needs. What surprised me is that my friend and I were the only riders with our guide-we got lucky and had a private ride!!If you're riding in the summer, I recommend 7am or night rides. It's too hot for anything in between.FYI, we rode on Nebraska and Moe!
5	Great time with the family! Nice guides and a very authentic feeling place. Highly recommended.
3	If you enjoy sitting on a horse and watching the sunset. Go for it.The horses were huge and neat. But the path was horrible and all dust. Wrap yourself.Worth your money but me and my friends are disappointed. The horses just walk, we expected them to be fast.
5	While visiting Phoenix, my girls wanted to go horseback riding.  My wife looked up a few places that were nearby and we happened by the Ponderosa Stables.  This place has typically 4+ stars for a reason.  They're friendly, fun and priced reasonably.  The horses are well groomed and appear to be well taken care of.  The staff we encountered were all very hospitable and professional.  Dan, the head wrangler, was easy going and kept my girls entertained while waiting for our ride to start.  Pickles, our guide was great and offered our girls some treats to feed the horses after the ride.  All in all a great experience.Keep on Yelp'n!
1	If you care about animals at all, do NOT use this horrible company to go horseback riding. They do not care for their horses at all; they are never brushed, still sporting their winter coats from LAST winter. They are over worked, have saddle wounds, and have horrible mange. The owner, Rex, has a lot of horses on his ranch back in Idaho so he doesn't care how many horses he loses, he'll just bring another one over and overwork that one too. Once they are sick, or can't be ridden anymore, he ships them back to his ranch to have them be put down immediately. This place really needs to be shut down and Rex needs to be banned from owning horses for life. If you go to them, you are supporting animal abuse.
5	This is a great place to take your children, family or just go to spend time away from the hectic city!  My daughter goes there and the management (Dan) and all the wranglers I've met are so nice and knowledgeable about riding etc. The horses are well cared for and tame for any age rider (which I think is really important). They have this huge Clydesdale that you can ride as well (20 hands high!).Dan (Manager) always has a smile on his face and we can tell he really enjoys his work and horses in general too. I saw someone post a 1 star review saying bad things about the horses, she must have the wrong place cause every horse I've seen and ridden are healthy and properly cared for or as I suspect she is just a disgruntled former employee (from what her post says). I think the really cool part is the western looking facade that is the Ponderosa Ranch theme. It's one thing to have horses and and another to really indulge the customer in what they are living in the moment, this place does it with style. They even have an evening dinner ride (that we have yet to do) and from what I hear, it is great so that will be next on our list.
5	I used  to own a couple horses back in California and I lovvveeeeddd to ride, it's a passion, but after packing my bags and giving them to a better home, my butt moved to Arizona...6 years later I had the urge to be on another gentle giant (they are giant to me cause I'm 5'4") well ponderosa was only 6 miles away from my home...ahhh hell yes! I jumped in my car after making Reservations  to do an hour ride  and I had a horse named big black the trail guide was a nice cuban man who had very little English but I loved it! He was so sweet and I only wish I knew Spanish to better talk but we did our best using one of his family members (I can only assume) as a translator via phone, which idk how he has service on a flip phone yet my note 4 laughs at me... but all in all such sweet people and I will be back to ride again!  And I will be prepared  with a Spanish book!
5	This place is amazing! The trail ride was absolutely beautiful! My partner and I took a two hour ride. I cannot describe the wonderful beauty of the trail and surrounding nature. There was an awesome view of the city from afar as well! I cannot remember the name of our guide/wrangler, but he is the only Cuban wrangler there. He was SO GREAT! He checked in with us frequently to make sure we were comfortable. I'm really short and my stirrups were hard to reach. He was sweet enough to notice and adjust them for me. The horses were well behaved and I never once felt like I was in danger. This visit was part of my first trip to Phoenix and I would recommend it to anyone! They even have a step structure to help get you on and off the horse. Being so small, I was very grateful for that! All in all, I loved this place and will definitely be back the next time I'm in town!
5	Excellent place for horseback riding!  My wife and I did horseback riding together for the first time.We did the hour long one and our guide was friendly and cool.  I must say the staff especially the front office cowboy and the cowboy roaming around the restroom are hilarious!We enjoyed that whole experience.Breath-taking views along the way.Prices are good.
