2	This Wendy's just opened not too long ago in my area so I was really excited.  Went through the drive thru in which it took 10 minutes to get my food and when I got home the whole order was wrong.  I asked for a hamburger and they gave me a cheeseburger and the fries were not fresh.  Very disappointed.  So much for convenience.  Guess I will have to continue going to the one on Green Valley if I want Wendy's.
1	Been here twice now. Used drive- thru both times. The service was way too fast. Therefore,I knew that both times our burgers weren't going to be hot and fresh. And I was soooo right. I will not go there again mainly because these prices aren't that cheap for cold dried burgers. :(
5	Awesome accurate and fast. 9pm Wed. Not enough positive things said on yelp! I say it good or bad!
3	I had a good experience here. I was in the mood for some of their chili.  I am not ashamed to say that I always enjoy Wendy's chili! Pretty darn good.  Since it was just me, I went through the drive through to take lunch home.  The lady taking my order could have picked up a personality on the way to work today...  but I'm guessing maybe it's just been a long day for her. Otherwise the drive through went pretty smooth and quick.I saw they had new flatbread sandwiches.  Guess I might as well try one right?!  I chose the Smokey Honey Mustard Grilled Chicken option... of course with my chili on the side.  On their sign in the drive through, it states the sandwich is only 370 calories and 22 g of protein!  Sure!  I'll give it a whirl!  It was a smaller chicken sandwich but that's probably why only 370 calories.  But it did have a great flavor with the smokey honey mustard sauce.  The flatbread was great also with grains baked in which gave it a great flavor.  Like I stated earlier, I always enjoy their chili.  It's always hot and tasty.  And a small cup of chili is actually pretty filling for me.  You can get onions and cheese added to the top if you want that option.  I'm not one to turn down cheese!  Yummy.  A good and quick lunch for me from Wendy's today! Yep, I'd get their flatbread sandwich again.
2	The cheeseburgers I get here are always room temp so the cheese isn't even melted :/ yet the French are scorching hot and EVERY single time I get chocolate waffle cones in the drive thru they try to just hand them to me as is in no cup, I have to ask every time, As well as constantly being stingy with the ketchup packets, even if I spend 20.00
3	Wendy's..... not my top pick for a fast food joint, but their drive thru is pretty fast! Drove to Wendy's, ordered, paid, received, drove back to work and was back within 10 minutes!
4	Always a good experience at this location. It's renovated and the dining room and even bathrooms (atypical for a fast food joint) are very clean. The service is usually quick with no issues. The asian cashew chicken salad is surprisingly delicious and crave worthy for a fast food salad, and is less than 400 calories! Oh, and they have that cool coca cola fountain with a million drink options. Much nicer location than the one on Eastern.
5	Super fast service. Delicious mushroom bacon burger. Fries were good. DEFINITELY better than the Wendy's by my house on sunset and greenvalley area! As far as Wendy's and fast food goes, I'm giving it a 5 star.
