4	Before leaving Las Vegas, I bought a few chocolates from this place in the Wynn Esplanade to try back at home.  White chocolate with fruit and nuts, hazelnut praline wrapped in dark chocolate, dark chocolate disks the size of my palm...and one word to describe my reaction:  YUM!  Now this is a reason to go back to Vegas!
4	Come to the Wynn's Esplanade, break out $4 and go to Chocolat.  Ask the person for a Bouchee, open, bite, and smile because you just ate a chocolate masterpiece that is like a Snicker's candy bar taken to the next level.  I also tried their 4x larger than your average French Macaroon, but pass on those because they overly sweet and are just average.  Large selection of different chocolates.Man, I'm still thinking about that Bouchee (milk chocolate, cookie, caramel)
4	Unfortunately, I wasn't able to get any of their truffles (only $1.50 each!) or macaroons on this last trip to Vegas, since I got back to the Wynn too late our last night there and left too early the next morning.  That's what I get for procrastinating about getting the truffles!  But, I was able to get some of their chocolate-covered strawberries (both white and milk chocolate) from an earlier visit.  The strawberries were all gargantuan and sweet, and the chocolate was delicious. A cute little shop offering chocolates and little desserts, I'll have to pay Chocolat a visit the next time I'm back in Sin City!
4	It's dangerous staying at Wynn - Chocolat is just steps away from one's room. I've sampled many more things than I care to remember, but a few that come to mind are:*  Macarons.  Available in a number of flavors, including chocolate, coffee, vanilla, pistachio, and...and...and...pink (now what was that flavor?).  They're a combination of soft, chewy, and crunchy, with a creamy layer as well.  Very good!*  Something like a candy bar, available in several different combinations of chocolate, nuts, and some other ingredients.  Perhaps these were Jason A's "Bouchee"? In any case, one of my favorites.*  Assorted truffles and other chocolates. Good, but not as good as the above.Are they worth the outrageous prices? Not really, but hey, you're on vacation!
5	After our last trip and sampling Vosges-Haut Chocolate at Caesar's Palace, I thought it was impossible to find yet another chocolatier with equal or better chocolates. I was wrong. While Vosges-Haut features exotic flavored chocolates, Chocolat was simple and to the point. Hubby and I tried the dark chocolate named The (flavored with Earl Grey tea) and the dark sugar free truffle. OMG they were both to die for. The one flavored with tea was like a ganache, rich and simply indulgent. The truffle was also very very good.I will definitely come back again and get more chocolates next time we're in Vegas. Salesperson was also very very pleasant.
