4	Small classes, good teachers, wide variety! but takes very strict attendance... worse than high school! :/
5	I've been coming to SCC for four years now and have enjoyed all of it! Class sizes are decent, the teachers are good, the campus is very nice and it's incredibly affordable compared to a university. It has some cool things to offer, check out the Sonoran reptile cage or the CNUW if it's open. The campus is easy to navigate, not overly spread out but not cramped either and there is ample parking though you may have to walk a bit sometimes. They offer a plethora of transfer programs and off-site Northern Arizona University bachelor's degree programs.My biggest downsides to the school have been some misleading advisers and how strict they can be on attendance. It's a little funny to think you can get kicked out of a class you voluntarily paid to attend, for choosing not to attend.Overall though SCC is a great place. I highly recommend it to anyone looking to complete pre-reqs or get back in school!
5	love this school. employees are so nice. very clean campus and glad that is smoke free. i am currently going to go here as of the fall 2013 semester and i am very excited to start. huge parking lots which is awesome. gym here is super big and very clean, looks very expensive but it actually is not. the tennis courts and gym are open to the public not just students and employees so that makes this school even better. some buildings look old and worn down on the outside but are actually very new looking and have a modern feel on the inside.
5	The film school is amazing, classes are so much fun and so informative. Very hands on you get to learn with all of the professional gear mole richardson, J. L. Fischer, RED Scarlet so many labs for editing with AVID, Pro Tools, Adobe creative suite, Final CutThe only downside is smoking is sketchy on campus, not allowed and crazy strict
3	This review is for the football stadium.  It's not a bad place to watch high school football.  The parking is convenient and there's ample parking spaces.  The audio system is clear and the sight lines to the field are good from the stands.The only knock on this place is that the concession stands and bathrooms are far away from the home side of the field.Return Factor - 70%
5	This is one of the most beautiful college campuses if been on. Yes it's a community college, but one of the finest around. Great athletic programs and the grounds surrounding the school couldn't be prettier. They are always expanding. The staff is wonderful here as well.
4	Beautiful campus!! First time attending and have the pleasure of having two exemplary  professors.  This school has a great culinary arts programs as well as an awesome hospitality program!!Love it!
5	Great culinary and hotel management program.  Both of my professors show a passion for teaching!Beautiful college with beautiful grounds
