5	We were lucky enough to find them when I delivered my daughter 6 yrs ago. We love love Dr. Hom!! She is absolutely an amazing pediatrician. Dr. Oshiro is married to Dr. Hom. He is great with kids, not as personable, but still an amazing pediatrician. Will continue to come here!
5	We finally found our P.A. from ACI pediatrics. And if anyone else is looking for Mike Ward, he landed here at Oshiro pediatrics. Our kids first visit at Oshiros was great. Very nice over the phone. Nice office. Finally, Mike works at an office that matches his awesomeness!
5	P.A. Ward is the best. He's so wonderful with my newborn son. He listens to my concerns and offers explanations and advice, he does thorough exams with every visit, and he makes sure to not stress my son out too much. He's very compassionate. He also always returns my calls. I stumbled upon this office and was skeptical at first but couldn't be more pleased with P.A. Ward. They could definitely use a larger office to accommodate all the families that are in this small office at once. I often can't find a place to sit or even stand amongst all of the other parents, children, car seats and strollers. Very tight quarters in here. The staff are not over the top friendly but they certainly aren't rude. They use a lot of sanitizer in here and I'd like to see more sink and soap use but they have ALWAYS been able to squeeze me in same day and as a first time mom, I've requested same day visits several times. My son is 2 months old now and he's been coming here since his very first doctor appointment. I have no plans to find a new pediatrician for my baby boy. Very pleased.
1	If I could, I would give this place NO STARS.On my vacation trip to Vegas, my 2 year old daughter got sick with a high fever because of an infection so it was an emergency and this was the first place that popped up because we didnt know the area at all. The staff on the very left side of the counter there said I wasn't allowed in. I WASN'T ALLOWED IN?! They had to check if the doctor would even approve me to been seen.  I waited OVER 2 HOURS and still no one called me in. I had to WAIT OUTSIDE WITH A 2 YEAR OLD BABY WITH A HIGH FEVER & INFECTION. WHAT KIND OF PEDIATRICS IS THIS IF MY 2 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER HAS TO WAIT OUTSIDE THE OFFICE WITH A HIGH FEVER & INFECTION WITH NO RESPONSE FROM STAFF?! I couldn't wait anymore so my wife and I called another Pediatric around the area. Even though the other pediatric center told me that their doctor wasn't in, they still reccommened me to go to the ER. THIS PLACE HOWEVER, NOT a single response from staff or a reccomendation to go to another place.  It is now July 8th 2014, even though I'm not in Vegas anymore, I still have NOT received any calls about anything yet. How long do they expect me to wait outside the office with an infection & high fevered  baby? The only reason I came to this place was because of Yelp reviews but now that I came in person, I WASN'T helped AT ALL. I saw people come in and out of the office for those who came in AFTER me. The ER that I went to after, took only 30 mins to completely help my baby daughter.Now's she finally healthy again but NO THANKS TO THIS PLACE THAT DID NOTHING AT ALL TO HELP HER. Im not sure if the doctor ordered the staff to do this or the staff is just being lazy and ignoring us and our ill baby.
