3	Now that I live in a proper city, I no longer eat at places like Chili's. But that doesn't mean I don't still have a bit of fondness in my heart for the big C. Besides how can you beat the chicken ranch sandwich (crispy breaded chicken breast w/tangy wing sauce, cool Ranch dressing, lettuce & tomato) served with a side of homestyle fries?
5	Used to love going to Chili's in the past.  And when I was low on cash, I worked part time at this one.  Slang plates and collected some dough.  Thanks for the tips everyone (10 years ago).
4	I ordered the steak fajitas for the first time and it was actually really good..Tastey marinade..probably the second best fajitas ive had since ive been to washington dc. then i ended it with a red velvet cake shot..they were only 1.99 mmm
1	Somehow they screwed this one up form the getgoNo hostess to take out name down, when she did come around it was to seat a waiting party, strike 1 their table wasnt ready so she had to help clear it off, leaving me standing up front with a family confused and other people unable to navigate around us.Not that bad yet!Checked out their 2 for 20 menu, even with having low expectations about it my girlfriend and i skipped it and went for the main menu. I haven't been to a chili's in years and couldnt figure out the stupid ass menu. Honestly, very few pictures and some entrees had 0 description in one area, listed again on another page or in the little side menu planted on the tables. Given ample time I perhaps could have made an educated choice but our waitress was rushing/borderline harassing us.As soon as we sat down she asked if we were ready to order, BEFORE getting our drinks, really? Who does that...She came around 3 times in the next 5 minutes and asked "Have you decided yet? -- Did you guys pick on something? -- Know what you want now?"Um. If customers have their noses planted in the menu and they arent looking up at all, NO THEYRE NOT READYAs a result I ordered a classic, cheese steak, cant screw that up right?Sigh...0 taste for anything but the peppers, BARELY. I didnt notice the onions at all which is really sad, the cheese was gross :( and their fries are exactly the same as jack in the box regular fries.... wow ruined my whole day and i WONT be returning to ANY chilis again for years.I dont want to rant anymore, but chilis now ranks under applebees which has been going downhill too
4	We went to this location a few years ago on our last Vegas trip, and we happened to go back this time for lunch on a Monday. The food is much cheaper than any Strip restaurant, and I remember hearing that the ingredients and recipe are consistent between restaurants.Chili's has good food. I don't remember what exactly we ordered last time, but it was tasty. This time, I had the turkey sandwich, which was complemented by honey mustard and sweetened bacon. If you don't like foods that taste too sugary, I guess you might find this distracting. Personally, I loved it.Another person had the pulled pork sandwich. I sampled some of the meat and sauce. Both were excellent, imo. The meat was tender and the sauce was sweet (again) with a bit of a spicy kick. I actually started dipping fries in the sauce later on because I couldn't stand to waste it.Two good experiences here, so I'm giving it four stars on the Yelp scale of stars.
5	My husband and I love going to Chilis anytime we are looking to relax and have fun. The service is always fast and friendly. We love to get the free chips and salsa at happy hour. They are better than a mexican restaurant! The perfect accompianment is a Presidente Margarita (or two)!! Again, better than a mexican restaurant. For dinner, we stick to our favorites, a bowl of chicken enchilada or tortilla soup, quesadilla explosion salad, and their famous baby back ribs! We leave Chilis with a full tummy, a full wallet, and a smile on our faces!
4	Wow just WOW.Typically we avod these chains like the plague cause they over priced, the service is horrible and you leave feeling bloated, broke and unsatisfied.NOT TRUE HERE!I think we saw 4 or 5 servers during our dinner, bringing different items including our meal. They were so nice and attentive but not up our grill. It was like they telepathically knew when I needed a new drink as I was thinking it. Totally chill with our lil one to. The food was cooked perfectly. I actually ate an entire big mouth burger, the avacado burger. My wife had the sirloin steak, with the most amazing orgasm in your mouth loaded taters! Yes...I said...taters.. lolFast service, friendly servers, good food... not much more to ask for!Ohh and Lee, he made baloon animals for the kids made lucy a pink poodle. He was friendlty and we felt bad for not having stripper cash (ones) to give him.Anyways go forth and enjoy!
5	one of my absolute favorites. I came here for my 1st date in 2008 and I've been going back ever since. They have the best mid-class baby back ribs, hands down.They also have the best chipotle honey chicken fingers i love them they're great and crispy. I love it here, it's comfortable, great business, and nice waiters. Be sure to TIP!
3	Hmm...sadly, not enough menu... :( ... Margarita would've been awesome, till I found a "Fruit Fly" in my drink...hmm... other than that, staff were great and great location...
3	So your family is in town and they do not approve of anything "Fixe."  You are pretty sure you think that they think that means you are doing "the drugs."  You are going to Chili's, pal.  That's what these guys are here for -- a place everyone can nod at while you eat your fries and listen to how Aunt Ethel's goiter is doing.The good thing about Chili's is that everything is very well-priced;  three people can get entrees and a giant starter for $40.  Good thing your Uncle who doesn't know you always sends you these gift cards for Chili's!   Perhaps he always knew you needed them;  because as you're there on these holiday eats,  nodding about Ethel's thyroid problems, you know that you certainly didn't want to directly pay for this to happen to you.Did I mention there's a person whose sole job is to make balloon animal hats?  And that they are actually very attentive with drink refills?  Instant extra star.
5	Delicious food + great staff = happy customer. I would definitely recommend this Chili's location to anyone in LV. This location is about 20 min from my house, but I have no problem traveling there just for the friendly staff. A+++++ from me!
3	Typical Chili's food.
5	Great staff! We had Dannielle and Erica they were amazing!!!!! Thanks girls for being friendly! Food was great as well!
4	Good food, good customer service.
4	So me and my boyfriend frequent this place because its pretty convenient to where we live and not too expensive. Everything I've ordered here has been pretty damn good. But as for him it has been hit or miss. Granted you can't expect a grand slam when you order ribs from Chili's, he wasn't a big fan, and they honestly didn't look all that great. However when I've ordered everything was pretty good. The mushroom and swiss burger is by far the best thing I've had here. Cooked SERIOUSLY to perfection, juicy and the perfect amount of pink! Oh and everyone has got to love the chips, they're pretty much a staple! So ya, don't expect a miracle from the meat side of things besides the burgers.
3	When I was in college I dined at Chili's often - often enough to have sampled almost everything on their menu. I hadn't been in awhile, but all the staples are still there - out-of-control burgers with lots of toppings, the ribs, a few scatterings of fish dishes, one pasta dish, and of course, the appetizers and my favorite - the chicken crispers. This Chili's was super packed when my boyfriend and I showed up on a Friday night. Luckily, we were able to snag a two-person booth quicker than the said wait-time of 25 minutes (yikes!). Anyway, we were seated and greeted by our waitress who was pleasant, but seemed a bit overrun and busy. However, being a Friday night at Chili's what else is there to expect? I ordered a Stella and a water, while my boyfriend went for a Sam Adams draft.For some reason there wasn't much on the menu that was enticing me. I thought about going for the ribs, but ended up ordering a new addition to the menu, a twist on the chicken crispers - honey chipotle chicken crispers. Well, this item was somewhat of a let-down. The crispers were much more sweet than I imagined them to be. I was thinking something with a spicy kick, but not so. Of course they gave me a heaping amount of fries and the corn on the cob, which was good.My boyfriend's fajitas looked much better than my meal. He got the trio, with shrimp, chicken, and steak. I did try a few bites, and the shrimp was a tad over-cooked, but the chicken and steak were very good.Overall this place is great for families (there was even a person running around making balloon animals) and it's just like any other typical Chili's. I found no huge problems with the service or the food, but it's simply another neighborhood Chili's.
2	Went here last night with a few people. Even though the place was mostly empty, we had to wait for a booth. When we were seated, it took around 12 minutes for anyone to see us. I know this because I checked in on FourSquare and got a free salsa and chips deal, so I had to keep my phone open to show my server, and I couldn't help but notice the time.When when we could find our servers, which was hard to do, they were polite and helpful even when fixing an ordering problem. The food was OK, nothing special. I did find the idea of corn in the guacamole a little unusual. I had the burger bites which were tasty enough to take home. My companions had ribs and mozzarella sticks.Main complaints? Hard to find the servers, and the floor in the place was DISGUSTING. Napkins and sticky stuff everywhere.Nice things? Free deal on foursquare for salsa and chips, tasty burger sliders.
3	My husband and I came in for dinner, it had been a while since we had tried a Chili's, the last one may have been in Texas.  Today, I ordered the fajitas triple play, which included beef, chicken, and shrimp.  It was put on top of grilled onions and green peppers.  They served it with a small plate shredded cheese, sour cream, pico de gallo and guacamole.  This was disappointing because it was so little, just about a spoonful each.When they bought out my plate, the shrimp was missing and our server said it was coming, by the time I had eaten everything else, they brought out the shrimp.  It was good, but I would have enjoyed it with my meal!I must admit this was an "okay" meal, not something I would recommend, but if had no other choice, would eat it over perhaps something else.
4	Chili's- one of my favorite spots back east!  I was a little worried that this Chili's would not compare to my local spot back home, but alas, there was no need; it was wonderful!  The very first thing that I noticed when I looked at the happy hour menu in the bar was that they served free chips and salsa, WHOO HOOO!!!  That's not an option back home.  Sunday was happy hour all day so my buddy and I were able to enjoy 4 appetizers for under $20 bucks, what a deal!  The food was all so wonderful and tasty too, it hit the spot! The margarita I had was also worth noting, pretty good for just a traditional, I was worried it might be too sweet, but it was perfect.  Watch the glass between the bar and dining area, I turned around and a little baby had his faced squished against it and I screamed bloody murder and the whole bar stared at me!  Yikes, just do yourself a favor and keep your eyes on the TV's!
4	Chili's is always good and the prices are all reasonable. I don't frequent chain restaurants very often but when I do find myself here, I always get great food and great service. I can't remember a time when that wasn't the case.I was just there recently after a long day at work for HH.  Since the last time I was there, it looks like they offered a few new drinks and apps unless I just never noticed them before. I had the mango margarita for the first time and that was so good. It was one of the most perfect margaritas I've ever had! Perfect blend of tequila/sweet/tart ratio. It comes out in a frosty beer mug so I thought that was cool and different. Half of one gave me a good buzz and it was only $5!The appetizers are always great, you can't go wrong with any of them. The prices ranged from $3-$5. Their nachos aren't your traditional piled on ingredients on a plate, they are individual chips topped with everything you should have with every bite of nacho. I thought this was genius, all the work is already done for you!
4	Went to Chili's for the first time in a long time. Was ok. Nothing special. Food average. Service average. They got 4 stars because of the balloon guy. He was awesome. Made a TMNT and Luke Skywalker for my boys. Never saw anyone make anything but cheesy animals before.
3	Probably my first review of a major chain restaurant...meeting some family here, so didn't have a choice of location lol.Been years since I have been to a Chili's, so can't say how it fares across board, but it is decent food at good prices here.  Probably more on the cheap end actually with those 2 for $20 deals.Went with the baby backs, the more tangy sauce....the ribs were pretty tender, fairly easy to pull apart off the bone.  A good rib, just not a great rib.  I am getting spoiled with these more spendy BBQ places in town.Tried the burger, again, decent but not great.  Same thing, becoming jaded with all the exceptional burger spots in town.Had the jalapeno fries or whatever they call them as our app.  Not bad, wish they layered the cheese and goodies though, since all the fries on the bottom go naked.Service was a little slow, but we had a big group, so I chalk it up to that.  Won't really ding them for that in our case.Overall, this will be a good Chili's to attend, if you want Chili's.  Otherwise, keep searching Yelp for better craving reducers!
4	Im not a huge fan of majority of Chilis menu but what I always get is the honey chipotle chicken crispers, fries and a corn on the cob and I love it. It is my go to food when I am unsure of what I want to eat or where, everyone loves chicken fingers!
2	Chili's is usually our go to spot for a nice quick meal and maragritas which are awesome.  Our last visit however was pretty disappointing.  We ordered our usual, cajun chicken  pasta.  When we got our meal, which was a longer wait than usual, it tasted very salty!  So we asked the server for a side of alfredo sauce.  It took them even longer just for a side of sauce.  Finally when we got the sauce, put it on our food, it was cold!  So we just gave up on our meal and asked for our check, also advising our server that the food was super salty, and that the sauce was cold and we were not happy with what we were served.  She asked if we wanted anything else, of course we said no since we were already turned off.  She just gave us our check, didn't offer a discount or apology or anything!  So it was like she didn't care that we were not happy with our service.  That type of service was just unexpected but I guess it just wasn't the servers day.
3	Great as always!
3	There are some many restaurants in the area, I let my friend choose.  The good of the experience.  The soup and salad meal was tasty and the right price.  They came with chips and salsa, my preggo friend adored.  The not so good: our waiter was very slow.  It took him time to come up to me and get my drink order.  It took longer to get our food.  He completely disappeared and I practically had to chase after him to get the check.  I haven't been to Chili's since they closed the one on Green Valley near Sunset (my 'hood), and now I remember why we go elsewhere.
3	Torn between 3 and 4 stars.I can say the food here is always good - nothing upscale but there's a nice variety of choices and everything I've had is usually pretty good.  Its certainly much better than Applebees (don't get me started on them).However, what I've noticed with this location is your satisfaction will depend largely on your server.A recent time I'm pretty sure our server was stoned - at least I hope he was - because he got literally EVERY SINGLE thing wrong - right down to giving us the wrong check.  Got the appetizer wrong, got both entrees wrong (one in 3 different ways), overcharged for one entree even though I held up the menu and pointed to what I wanted (could I have made it any simpler?), and gave us the check for the table next to us - who had left 20 mins prior and was 40% higher than ours.  I'm a pretty patient person, but seriously, how many mistakes can 1 server make on a single table?  And the glassy eyes - maybe it was an Rx that caused him to be so off but I don't think he was all there.Yesterday I ordered a plain med-well hamburger.  After 40+ mins I got a cold med-rare cheeseburger ... again ... how much simpler could I have made it?  I don't really blame the server here - but how it took 40 mins to get a cold burger, I'll never know.The 2 best servers are Norman (usually works the bar but I haven't seen him lately) and Erika (little blonde always charging around like shes on a mission) - they have never done me wrong.  The guy who wears the NY Giants lanyard isn't half bad, except for the obvious flaw of being a Giants fan.  I'll return as overall its a decent place but sometimes I leave in a bad mood and I really wish that wouldn't happen.
2	Crappy service. Good food..... Ordered, then got food 50mins Later then didn't see the Waitress for another 30 mins..... When she dropped off the check...
5	The food here is good, but it was the service that was outstanding.  Our waitress was super friendly and very attentive.  The place was clean and pleasant.  Would definitely eat here again!
4	I like Chili's.  It is not my favorite place to eat but honeslty, I've never really had a bad experience.  Especially at this location.  I've come in a few times with family and once or twice with my roommates family.  Service has always been great.  The food is usally good.  The burgers are tasty.  The sandwiches are alright.  And they make a good margarita.  But it is the fajitas where they shine.  I used to get the the fajita trip with chicken, steak and shrimp until I devoloped my shell fish allergy.  Now I go with the steak fajitas.  They are delicious.  Perfectly grilled and tender steak still slightly red in the middle just the way I like it.  No shortage of perfectly grilled onion and peppers.  I like mine served Cadillac Style with black beans and rice on the side.  My only complaint is that there were not enough tortillas.  I could have used another one or two.  Though I guess that just means there was a lot by way of fajita fillings.  Fillings that I have no problem eating via fork-to-mouth method rather than in the traditional tortilla delivery system.  If the food and service is not enough, I usually see a balloon artist roaming the restaurant and making some awesome sculptures upon request from all the kids.  Chili's, a family place.
5	Almost always, this is the place that my friends would go to for a little hangout. We enjoy the food, and I love the service I receive every time.
3	Food is fine (Chilis is Chilis) and service when sitting in the restaurant to dine-in has never been a problem. It's the takeout I have had issues with. For some reason this Chilis will not accept phone orders within a half hour of closing. I once called at 9:32 (they close at 10) and was told I could not place an order. I had just gotten out of work and wanted to pick up food on my way home. I was told I was more than welcome to come in person and order food to go. I explained I wouldn't get there until 9:50 and again was told that was my only option. So I drove there and had to place an order and sit and wait for it. I watched a guy come in and sit down at the bar and order food (to stay and eat there) at 9:59 but apparently me calling in an order at 9:32 was not acceptable. No where on their website does it state this "rule" about when you can place to go orders so I'm not sure how that is good business. I was so annoyed and probably will order from the Applebees across the street next time instead.
3	Rainbow chili's was not my favorite.  We came in after 9 pm for a drink after a long flight and we felt neglected.  I just wanted a drink and some of chili's awesome chips but the waitress took 15 minutes to greet us then told us the chip machine was broken down. It was 930 Wah wah wah...  Debbie downer!
4	Service is fast and friendly. We really liked our server, who checked in with us frequently. The food was good, and hot. The only thing that could be improved is that the salad had visible wilt.
3	Luckily, the food was good because the service was a little lacking. We were there for nearly 20 minutes before anyone even took a drink order from us. I ordered the ribs and they were more chipotle than honey. I wasn't prepared for the kick, but I think that's my fault. The server did have a good sense of humor but he lacked some attentiveness.
4	I love Chili's.  The service is always good and if there is a problem the manager or the corporate office will make it right.  I really like their varied menu.
1	I came by last night with a few friends, I was starving & really wanted a drink after a long day at work. The waitress took 15min to even acknowledge us & when she did this she only asked if we seated  ourselves or if someone sat us!?!? We then asked if they had drink specials she crossed her arms and said NO but if we moved to the bar booths we could get specials.. umm ok.. once we moved the other waitress told us the had no drink specials at that time that's when we realized the 1st waitress just did not want to wait on us. Good thing the 2nd lady was so so nice & checked up on us to make sure everything was ok.
4	Not bad for a quick lunch before work.  I had the ribs and they were good! Which is more than I can say for the BBQ restaurants I have eaten at here in Las Vegas
1	Absolute horrible service. The waitress didn't care about us, and simply said "my bad" when she screwed up our drink order. We practically had to beg for refills and she wouldn't even pick up our empty glasses and appetizer plates. We got up and walked out before our entrees came because of her shitty attitude.
4	The watermelon margarita was very good! Just saying, Lol ... Had dinner here to celebrate my grandsons birthday. First time at this location. Quite busy during the dinner hours as expected. Food and service was good and food was brought out fast and hot like i like it ...
2	I wonder where they get such low quality chicken breast...advised the server who said they just changed their supplier again!
1	If I could give lower than 1 star I would. A guest and I came in for dinner, it wasn't all that busy. The boy who was serving us was not helpful in the least. We ended up waiting over an hour for our food to come out (and I had to remind him). A family of 8 came in after us..and they got their meals served before us. I was furious at this point. The manager comes over in complete defense mode..defending the boy server..he forgot to put our order in. When our food finally comes out.. my order is wrong. I proceed to tell the manager..she said that she'd be right back with the correct side. I'm waiting..and waiting.. 20 minutes go by and I see her walking around with her staff laughing. Never brought me what I needed. The food was horrific. The staff is inconsistent. The manager is rude..a poor excuse of a manager if you ask me. I will never go back here. And I don't recommend anyone to waist their money here.
1	Greeter at the door was rude and he have attitude problem. The waiter was not friendly and screwed our drinks too. Poor service and customer service. NEVER AGAIN will i come here with the same greeter.
2	Server not intuitive but friendly and courteous.   Table side guacamole was blah, no flavor.   My son did not like the chicjen tenders on the kids menu.  I think the batter was the same as you would use on fush sticjs.  We added more jalapeno and it didn't help.  My salmon was dry snd overly lemon flavored.   Watermelon Cooler was good.
4	Blonde is a great waitress at the bar. I like the enchiladas and Lisa likes the Salad. Great drinks. Tasty guacamole.  Service is quick. I like the pizza kind and the specials that I get emailed to me.
5	Waiter was on point tonight, helped out with the menu, took his time with us and even helped us with out check. Service was on point from the moment we walked into the door! Couldn't be happier from tonight's dinner!
5	Food and price are good. But the one thing that stuck with me was our server, Inis. Very sweet girl.
3	Be warned! As soon as you tap on a "premium app game" on the tablets provided on the tables, .99 cents will automatically be added to your bill.
5	I love Chilis! This location is my favorite. They never mess up my food and with the email club I joined with them I always have a coupon. Food is always so good and a good deal.
