1	Sunday morning 2/6/11 waited over an hour they cut 3 peoples hair in that time as I watched 7 people leave with out getting a hair cut and the two girls working the place never pulled it out of first gear.  They acted annoyed people were coming in.  I will never be back and I wish I ran a business making so much money they could stand to see people walk out in droves.
1	Definitely not worth 17 dollars for a haircut.  The fat slob of a girl, Amber,  who cut my hair, halfway through cutting it mind you, figured out that she really didn't know how to do a fade haircut.  MAYBE YOU SHOULD'VE TOLD ME THAT BEFORE ACCEPTING THE JOB OF CUTTING MY HAIR!  Then she goes "you look nervous, don't be nervous" after telling me her black co-worker was going to have to fix my hair.  How about I try to cut your hair, mess up, and you don't act nervous either, deal?
1	So I just moved to Vegas and always got a pretty good haircut from the Sport Clips in Northridge, CA. The haircut I got at this Sport Clips was awful. I went home and fixed it with my own clippers. I also smelled cigarette smoke the whole time I was getting my hair cut as someone was smoking just outside the back door, with the door open. I will not be returning. I could have gotten a better haircut at a beauty school.
4	Ok, there are lots of places a guy can get a haircut but Sport Clips has been my favorite since it opened. I'm a guy, I'm simple, I'm not there to get my hair colored. The place is simple. It keeps its target audience entertained until it's their turn. The place looks like a locker room, has sports banners everywhere and has ESPN on the televisions! The girls that work there are always friendly, even on the few times they've been short staffed and busy. Yes, it can get busy at times, especially on weekends but it's by walk in only, no appointments, so be patient or go elsewhere.
1	GO SOMEWHERE ELSE! This franchise will hire anyone with a barbers license, regardless if they graduated in the 80's and suck at cutting hair. I'm ashamed to admit it, but I've gone there for the last 15 Haircuts and about 13 of them have been terrible. I kept giving them the benefit saying to myself "next time it will be better", but time and time again I pay $20+Tip for a shit haircut. Today was the last time, I went to my interview looking like my brother in laws nephew cut my hair. At one point this last time the bimbo said "too late" when I wanted it SHORTER. . . . Dont be fooled by the bold Red & White Logo, and Big TV's playing ESPN 24/7 - Its the haircut you are after. . .  Good Riddance!
1	So my parents got me a gift certificate for Sport Clips. Normally I shave my own head but I had been letting my hair grow out. This review is for the 3rd time I have been here. Each time I have gone my hair cut has been a little worse. But this time was it..... I will never set foot in that place again. I like my hair a little longer in the front than on the top. So what do I get? Hair that is a 1/2 inch longer on the top than in the front. But ONLY on the right side! Was my "stylist" cutter my hair with her eyes closed? I should have know by the way she kept trying to spike my hair and it was uneven. When I got home and combed my hair myself I could then see just how much longer the hair on one side of my head was. The guy in front of my passed when it was his turn so he didn't have to get a hair cut from this lady. I should have done the same.
2	Decent place to get your haircut.  Avoid the MVP scam as no dude I know is going to pay extra for some girl to use a weird "massager" on his neck.  The middle package comes with the hot towel face thing which is also very weird while the lady shampoos your hair.I am not sure what happened to the good old fashioned barber shops around here, but I will find one eventually.  This place does play sports which is nice, but let's face it there usually isn't much on while we are out getting our hair cut.
4	This is my go-to haircut place.  The prices are at that sweet spot where it's not crazy expensive but it's not so cheap you sit next to riff-raff while you wait.  I always do the MVP.  The shampoo and hot towel are relaxing as you sit in the message chair.  I also like the personal shoulder massage they give at the end.  It relaxes you and puts you in a chill mood when you leave.  As for the haircuts, they are usually better than supercuts or any analogs.  They listen to what you tell them and write it down so next time they will know what you want which is very convenient.  The girls there are friendly and will remember you.  They are pretty good at making sure they are giving you the haircut you want.  Everyone usually request Liz because she is the best!  If you're trying it out try to get her if there is no wait.
1	Terrible service and staff member vanessa outright lied to my face!  Signed in and told 15-20 min wait for my teenage son... About 30 min later was told a few more minutes.  After watching clients be called back that came after my son I asked to see the list.  Vanessa went to computer and tried to avoid showing me the signup list.  Finally shoving the list and walking back to client - I informed her that she lied and had taken clients before my son after we waited there for 55 minutes!  Totally lost our service and anybody else I can encourage to go somewhere else where staff has some value and integrity!
4	It's good to be a guy.  That's their slogan.  I've been going here for 7 years.  Stylists come and go.  I've only had 1 or 2 bad haircuts in that time.  What do you expect for $17?  At least I can watch ESPN while getting my locks trimmed.  They work hard at pitching their products but that's not unusual.  I'll buy anything that says "hair thickening".
1	Worst haircut I've ever received in my life! Ridiculously uneven, the left side of my head has hair over 2 inches longer than the right! Ridiculous..... I have endured many shitty haircuts here and at other sportsclips but that's the last one... Don't want to rat out the hairstylist who did this but let's just say there was nothing "Precious" about this haircut.
2	I walked in everyone looked at me and nobody said said a word.  No hello,  No hi,  etc.   I signed in and waited for about 5 minutes.  There was one hair dresser and someone that kept peeking from the back room.  Two people waiting,  but very odd no one would even acknowledge you walking in. I left and went to a cheaper "Great" hair salon and was pleasantly greeted as I walked through the door.   They were busier,  friendlier and on top of things.
