4	This bakery is a welcome change from the Gregg's across the road, that's for sure!  Donachie's specialises in baked goods and sandwiches, but are also known for their birthday, celebratiion and corporate cakes!  As well as this they provide pies and savouries, pastries and tea and coffe - so basically Gregg's, but cheaper!I have only ever been in for a sausage roll, but a fine sausage roll it was!  And unlike Gregg's ready made sandwiches, Donachie's make their rolls to order, to prevent the 'dried up' effect I feel you often get with a pre-prepared sandiwich (yuck!).  With no seats or tables, Donachies is a takeaway bakers with the added bonus of freshly prepared produce - does what it says on the tin, and then a little bit more :).
5	Eilidh P. hit the nail on the head when she said 'basically greggs - but cheaper'. But I have something to add to that as well - its waaay better than Greggs too.They both do the same sorts of stuff - sandwiches, pasties and meal-dealy things, but Donachie Bakers does everything that much more better - it tastes fresher, has better ingredients and just seems better value for money, because this place is way cheaper than greggs.I think this place also does personalised cakes, but I will look into that for you and give an update when I know.
5	The Corstorphine area often feels a bit like where the city ends and small-town Midlothian begins, and as such,despite it's relative prosperity, the snack options tend to go down the Donachie's route rather than that of the organic vegan hummus and dogshit falafel wrap.It is indeed, very like Greggs, but it's not a lottery as to whether the stuff is hot, it doesn't taste processed, and the staff are real people, rather than the disgusting mouth-breathers who inhabit the other side of the counter at Greggs.It's a 5 then.
5	Located in Corstorphine, Donachie Bakers is a great little place to get some fresh morning rolls, baguettes and other bread based goodies.My interest here is definitely with the cakes as they have so many delicious mouth watering treats and it makes it almost impossible to choose just a few to take home, I want them all. As the other reviewers have said, it's a welcome change from Greggs and I wish there were more independent bakeries like this. Thumbs up!
4	I love a good bakers.  I definitely have a sweet tooth, and love a good pastry or other bit of baked deliciousness.  There are just not enough independent local bakers around any more - you're more likely to find a Greggs on a street corner.The cakes and things that they had in the window of this place looked so good, that if I'd had money at the time, I would have totally bought some.  Or maybe a lot.  And then find somewhere to eat them all.The fact that these are all locally baked makes them even more appealing to me.  I am practically salivating as I write this, so if this doesn't communicate a love for baked goods, I don't know what will.  If you live in or are visiting Costorphine, then go here!  Support our valiant independent bakers!
