5	I wanted to make an authentic home-cooked Indian meal.  I was pulling my hair out trying to find all the ingredients I needed at the regular grocery store.  Instead of cutting corners or resorting to making substitutions, I did a search online and quite by accident found this place.  Swagat Indian Grocery on Odana Road had EVERYTHING you could want for a real home-cooked Indian meal. Nick, the guy that helped me there, was REALLY FRIENDLY and was able to find everything I needed in a flash- even FRESH MENTHI (Fenugreek) which I couldn't find fresh anywhere else! They also have fresh CHAPPATI bread every day. Prices are VERY reasonable.  LOVE this place!!  Will definitely shop there again- especially for spices & chutney.
5	This place is wonderful - they stock every ingredient you could possibly need for Indian cooking, including fresh paneer, which you can't get anywhere other than at an Indian grocery. The proprietors are very nice and always helpful.
5	I found everything here. Spices, curries, naan, chutneys, coconut, rice. Super nice grocer too. An Indian buffet restaurant is next door too.
5	I came in to get great black tea at a good price. The owner came up and gave me a recommendation, and it was brilliant - - I checked online, and it is the fave tea in Mumbai, and locals there take it with them everywhere they travel, because it is a reliable joy.   The owner kept coming up and offering suggestions for things to try.  This might feel invasive to people who shop at like, Woodmans, but his suggestions were always fantastic - - a truly discerning individual.  And if I started to feel it was too much, he would disappear.   A frickin' fantastic place to shop, for things that you may have never conceived of trying before, but all great.  And a very comprehensive selection of things that if you have tried them before, they definitely have.  A treasure.
5	Garlic naan, mixed vegetarian platter ( samosas are great! ) BAINGAN BHARTA, (An eggplant specialty baked over an open flame, mashed then sauted with onions, tomato, garlic, ginger, & spices. Garnished with fresh coriander.) so good. Fresh, with complex flavors. Great staff! Best indian that I've ever had!
