2	It is nicely decorated though I think the plasma TVs in the dining area playing an Arabic version of MTV are out of place.   Their mezze, an assortment of appetizers, seemed outrageously overpriced at $24, so we ordered baba ghannou, roasted eggplant with lemon juice and garlic dip served with warm pita triangles.  It was good, but I thought the addition of olive oil detracted from the taste and texture.  My wife's entre was kafta kabob, minced lamb with chopped onion and spices and served with tziki sauce while I ordered lamb kabob.  The kafta kabob was too light on the spices.  I ordered the lamb kabob medium rare and it ended up being both fatty and overcooked.  Our entrees were accompanied by rice and a bland salad.
1	This place was great when it first opened. I remember the owner used to give us free appetizers and the customer service was great...but my return trips to Almaza have been progressively disappointing. Customer service has declined considerably, and while the food and hookah are good, it's not worth being ignored half the time, or shooed to another table for another party, even though you made reservations in the first place. A lot of the old waiters/bartenders have left, and their replacements leave something to be desired. I recommend checking out Chandelier on St. Rose and Eastern...it's a lot better.
3	the filet mignon kabob thingies with rice is something i get everytime i come here.its never been busy when i went so i cant say the service was bad because the ratio was like 5:1. its no something i eat everytime i go back to vegas but it is something i try to eat.ps try the cheese appitizer. =)
4	How are you guys giving this place bad reviews???I came here with a couple of people, we got two hookahs with awesome flavored tobacco; mango, mint, watermelon, and strawberry. I ordered a pizza smothered with lamb, olives, mozzarella cheese, sauce. It was out of this world and my mouth is watering just thinking about it.The only drawback to this place would be the loud music before prime hours, and that is my only complaint. Hands down loved it, can't wait to go back.
2	CHECK YOUR RECEIPT BEFORE YOU LEAVE AND DON'T PAY USING YOUR CREDIT/DEBIT CARD!!! i have gone here a dozen times and it never fails, one of our cards will always get over charged.. They will add to your tab so don't ever leave your card on an open tab. Pay for drinks as they come. The food is good but very very overpriced. The hookah is also very expensive as are the drinks. At night they try to turn into a club and have bottle service and a DJ so forget having a nice quiet dinner. After the last experience of being overcharged last month i vowed never to go back.
4	Long story short....I'm from Vegas, now live in Oakland, but went back to Vegas for my birthday.Which means I HATE the strip.All I wanted was to groove to some hip hop and it's very hard to do that off the strip and without a cover charge (think...Poetry...now that it's half celeb owned, they think they can charge $30 for ladies....)Friend of a friend led us here and I was pleasantly surprised.We got a table for 5, really nice waitress (who is from the bay area by where i live), a coconut hookah   (which lasted ALLLLL night because they kept refilling the charcoals...which is unheard of at most hookah joints) and the $12 for 16 oz drinks weren't watered down like the Red Rock casino ones I just paid for an hour prior.I was too full from Chicken and Waffles at hash house, but i will be coming back for midnight snacks.My favorite part about this place, was the variety of music from hip hop (my FAVORITE), dance, ummm arabic-esque (don't know the right term for that genre)...but once that music came on everybody in the place did the arabic version of the bunny hop...only it wasn't a like watching a bunch of drunks at a wedding make a fool. It was genuinely amazing to watch dancing other than club bumping, grinding and groping.Oh--and it wasn't a meat market...You can tell it was a lot of locals just relaxing and grooving.The only reason I'm skipping out on a star is because it was kinda busy, and it took awhile to get our first round of drinks...so long my friend walked up to the bar to order ours. BUT...they were worth it. (Bahama Dream was yummy)So, for those of you giving crappy reviews....I think they must've read them, because it was a great enough experience to bring my friends and I back....
3	Great hookah lounge and Great location for a club. You do not need to go to the strip. The bouncers are hella cool and the crowd is quite alright. Everyone gets a table! I have not eaten here so please take my review with a grain of salt, lime and tequila.
3	I give it 3 stars due to the food was okay but not great.  The hummus was so-so...and the beef was dry.  Though it gets 4 stars for the atmosphere....with a live DJ and great music.  O...and another 4 stars for the females...HOT!!
3	Been going here on and off for years now and the place is kinda a mixed bag. The hookah and the food have always been pretty consistant and good. The service has seen better days and seems to be high in turnover. Turns into a mini-club on the weekends which can be fun. However, underage wannabe douches can creat havoc some nights. Just go with an open mindset have fun and enjoy your hookah and food.
1	Service here is terrible unless you know someone. Hookah here is terrible unless you like herbal hookah. Herbal hookah is much harsher and lacks flavor unlike your average tobacco based hookah. The only thing this hookah lounge has going for it is that it serves alcohol which appeals to the 21+ crowd.
3	Thursday night salsa night is fun. I arrived at 10pm and was surprised to hear no latin music and was greeted by a relatively empty restaurant. But as the next hour passed, I could see the place filling up and by 12 midnight the place was packed.What the heck?This place is in a Smith's shopping center? It was a great vibe though the DJ music was a hodge podge of everything latin. Yes... even the tubas.Don't expect a strong drink or an amazing bartender. I think these guys were hired for their looks not their skills. Stick with the beer, shots and simple 2 ingredient drinks. You'll be happier and I'm sure they will too.
4	went there because they were showing the pay per view boxing match. Helpful friendly staff and the flatbread sandwich i had was delicious. I will go back
1	This place reminds me of the new Predator movie. Previews are loaded in action sequences and explosions and gun fire and sick ass stuff. Then you watch the movie and 80% of the stuff in the previews never happens or is edited to be rated G...Almaza is possibly the worse place i've ever been to. They're under new management so no booze while paperwork is being pushed for a liquor license. Staff are complete morons or high school drop outs or their parents didnt socialize them properly when they were young so they grew up complete frakking idiots.My party came early and requested a specific seat and he told us he'd get it cleaned up and it's ours. Then his friends walked in and he told us to hold while he devoted all his attention to them. Remember that seat we were promised? another group had that spot but he didnt know because he learned his customer service skills from a friggin potato...After getting place to another area we waited a good 15-20 minutes for someone to bring us a menu. after we got the menus it took 20-30 minutes someone to come back and take our order. The hookah (midnight rose flavor) was nice and lasted the few hours we were chilling there, completely ignored by the staff, with empty cups, and one mouth piece...seriously there's 5 people at the table sharing a hookah and you only give one mouth piece...Note to who ever manages the staff: PLEASE DO NOT OPEN A TATTOO PARLOR!!Food:The pita wrap was the best thing on the table and i wasn't the one that ordered it. The lamb chops were...lets put it this way they were cooked earlier in the day then thrown in the fridge. When someone, like us, ordered it they threw it on the grill to get warm. What does this do? IT OVER COOKS THE MEAT. I cant believe i paid 20 bucks for rubber on bone.the WORSE part about this place is they KNOW their service is garbage and they dont do a gorram thing about it. How do i know this? Where do i draw this conclusion from? THE TWENTY-FIVE PERCENT MANDATORY GRATUITY ON THE RECEIPT.T.I.P.S. = To Insure Proper ServiceTips are earned for being a good server, paying attention to your tables and going above and beyond in the realm of customer service. As a consumer i have a right to withhold a tip if the service is garbage. This place is GARBAGE
4	My family lives in Vegas, and after all this time, my sisters finally brought me and introduced me to this place just to smoke some hookah and chill. I don't know about the hookah, but it literally burned my throat. It wasn't as smooth, well it's mainly because the water or whatnot was mixed with vodka, so unless you want a dry throat then I suggest you go in for that mix. Other than that by 12 am, the dance floor was crackinn and anyone who is anyone were down to dance which to me was fun! I would come back here. It was so packed to the point where I almost fell on a table since people were pushing and pulling me around.. Just wished we stayed a little longer :)
1	I used to live down the block from this place and never stopped by. I mean, it seemed like a nice spot but I just never got to going. But I frequent Vegas regularly and decided to give this place a shot. Much to my demise.The hookah was mediocre at best (I've been to alot better in Vegas for half the cost). I ordered some food for myself and my date. I can honestly say the food was decent. The server was very accommodating. But looking back, I realize that they were TOO accommodating (you'll see why later). Then things went from good to horrible in a matter of a few minutes.After my meal, things started to change. The server kept urging my date and I to move from the "dining" section to the hookah section. His concern was maybe that we were taking up valuable space. And for this I understand, but it seems like a rather slow night so I didn't understand the rush. They had a dj playing house music. I didn't mind since I enjoy house music and it a place like this it really seemed appropriate. But in all honesty the sound system was absolutely horrid. I can go into detail about it, being somebody who works in pro audio. But let's just say that had they hired somebody decent to set this up, they'd been alot better off.But I guess it wasn't their fault because at around 10pm, the pull the dj from booth (literally mind you) and they go to the back (but not completely out of sight) where I'm assuming an argument ensues. I turn around and mind my business smoking sub-par hookah. But since the music was apparently done, so was my date here.So I ask to close my tab only to find over $300 charged to my account! I'm told by the manager of the place (who is now flustered by the incident with the dj) that this was only an "authorization". I was appalled, a $300 authorization?!?! This is a meal and some drinks, not a hotel room or rental car!!! I write the amount of the official bill (after asking to see an itemized one) on the slip and signed.Well, guess who had to perform a chargeback request? That's right, me. This "authorization" never got changed at the end of the night and I found myself trying to make the next couple days away from home on the cash I had on hand. Overall, this place is trying to be some posh lounge in a desert full of posh lounges. But seriously, how "posh" can you be when you're situated next door to a Cici's Pizza?One star for the overall suck of this place. Had the food been worse, this place would get a big goose-egg from me. Do yourself a favor, don't go to this wolf in sheep's clothing.
4	High end hookah experience!The atmosphere was great an hip. Music bumping from the moment we got there, DJ spinning tunes from the 80's 90's and current charts.The hookah didnt die out quick cuz the coal wasnt the cheapy kind. The flavors where pretty good too.The place turned into a pseudo-dance spot as it got later in the night. The belly dancer came through and was pretty talented but i have to say the patrons did a better job at keeping the dance floor cracking!
5	Best place to have fun, dance, drink and of course smoke fresh tasty Hooka. Great atmosphere, latin nights are trhe best in town, and the music is amazing. The staff is friendly and professional, and food is just delicious with great service. Price is affordable. I recommend Alamaza highly. Thursday nights are Latin nights. Fun!!!!
2	Booooo... mediocre at best.For starters, I've probably been here a good 4+ times, but if you're looking for a food review- this isn't it. Mediterranean food is my crack- but I've never gotten around to trying the food here. Even though we were never crazy about the place we would go because (at the time) it was the only nearby lounge.This place is popular with folks of a variety of ages but particularly the 18-21 crowd on weekend nights for the hookah and "loungey" atmosphere. I have rarely paid to come here and I wouldn't. Typically, Ive always gone with a group of friends when the invite was extended or to catch up with someone.My last experience can pretty much sum up ever every experience I've had. A decent sized group of us (5/6) went in just for a hookah session. Place was pretty much empty (I've never really gone during the "peak" time with a dj), but there's middle eastern club music going- streaming through two tvs- interesting music videos and all. We're seated and tended to immediately. The one thing this place has going for it in my experience is that it DOES have a nice atmosphere and the service is alright (sometimes good sometimes bad). All but one of us are smoking, and everyone who smokes needs to order a drink (it's like a protocol)- so, 4 sodas (there's a point for this itinerary later). After a flavor consensus and suggestion from the waitress we order A (1) hookah. After we finally got the thing going (hookah wasn't pulling well) there is hardly any flavor and within 5-10 minutes of us smoking (and it's not like we're hitting the thing hard, we spent most of the time talking)- the smoke is incredibly harsh and even my hardened-cigarette smoking Marine buddy is coughing up a storm. So, we tell the waitress. Charcoal homie who never talks comes with the charcoal bucket and takes almost all the charcoal off. In 5 minutes it goes dead. We tell the waitress, she doesn't really do anything. (Again, place is empty, there is only one other-smaller- group). The hookah always, again, is mediocre at best, idk if it's a combination of a sh*t pipe and low quality shisha or what.Bill comes- after military discount- $37- for 4 cokes, and a P.o.S under 15 min hookah session...and THAT is why I only go if someone else is covering it.Pros: atmosphere, okay serviceCons: bad value,  crappy hookah
5	I'm sad to see so many people giving bad reviews. I have to say, I used to go to Almaza regularly, and I still go time to time. Their food is absolutely amazing. AMAZING. The service is ALWAYS perfect!!! In my experience, I am just filled with gratitude every time for the attentive and quality service I receive from....the servers. Okay... not always from the bar. I'm a server and a bartender. These servers are amazing. I love them. (yes, I have had bad service from the bartenders before... but they are usually slammed.) The hookah might be better somewhere else, but they are always on top of changing coals and not stingy with it. Service rocks!!!!!!!! FOOD.... oh... I really recommend this place.AND, although the crowd is now often a young, annoying crowd, I love them for really starting the international nights. Such a diverse crowd. I always have fun when I stay to dance, any night.
4	I did not experience the poor service here others have talked about...but then, the place was totally deserted when I came in at 6pm on a Saturday.I did not smoke hookah (that shit is TERRIBLE for you), but I had dinner. My friend and I shared a salad and the mezze platter, which was huge and DELICIOUS! The food was really truly excellent, from start to finish.The reason I'm only giving 4 instead of 5 stars is, it was a little on the expensive side. $42 for mezze for 2...eh, idk, I think Paymon's is a better value. And the atmo at Paymon's is better.But if you find yourself craving Mediterranean food, and you're not near a Paymon's.... this place will do just fine!
1	Went to check it out. No staff to be found. Some lebanese men sitting outside, but restaurant mostly empty except for table in back. Looked dirty and like it barely opened. Too bad. I like lebanese food.With all the good Hookah lounges/cafes, it's better to avoid this place. It's a shame, because if it was any good, it'd probably do well. Don't waste your time.
5	Best hookah in vegas !!!!
4	I've been here a couple of times and had a great time! I'm not a fan of many hookah lounges in Las Vegas except for this one. Enjoyed a lovely dinner with our group. Ordered hookah and it was great, service was awesome! Our waiter was very attentive and treated us great. We stayed for some music and dancing and I was very pleased with the DJ. Played all sorts of songs hip hop, dance, Persian, Arabic etc. LOVED IT! Although I had a great time the only problem I have is that towards the end of the night the DJ kept replaying tracks.. Got old! But other then that, we had a great time and will definitely be coming back!
1	Walked in, and we were the only patrons. I ordered the mjadara, which is a dish of lentils and rice, they brought us sausages. When we pointed this out, the waitress insisted that our sausages were lentils and rice. Uhhh.
2	These guys really need a few pointers from experienced waitresses and hospitality staff.For one thing, there appears to be only 2 waitresses to serve a restaurant/hookah lounge that regularly contains more than 70 or 80 people. That means you'll get your service in 30 or 45 minutes, which is unacceptable. On top of that, it'll take about 20 minutes for her to bring you a beer. It'll take a HOUR for you to get a BEER. Just one beer! It's a shame, because the people that come inside are pretty hot. Like, smoking HOT hispanic girls... EVERYWHERE. And we are not talking about cougar-aged hispanic women of Blue Martini, these girls here are young. Foods okay. Hookah is pretty shitty because the coals put themselves out. The flavor of the tobacco itself is almost nonexistent, which adds to the frustration of the regulars that come inside here. I have met many people, in 3 days of coming here, that share the same complaints. And why are there so many cops hanging in their cars outside? Every hour I see two cop cars lurking in the parking lot waiting to pull one of the folks that are leaving over.  It makes me feel uneasy. And there are a bunch of holes in the men's room. Like holes that have been kicked in everywhere.
1	Very shady place. Bad service and drinks were in a dirty glass. There were guys with guns that seemed to work here. It is a really weird place and I didn't feel safe. The food was god awful too.
1	I would give it a zero if I could brings a very unsightly crowd to a good area.
