4	My first foray into A Slice of Bella was due to them providing space for a Street Fighter tournament. While I initially was only interested in the game, I had a chance to sample some of their enormous pizza slices. One slice is enough for your average person. These slices were massive. But not only were they huge, they were delicious. They had the perfect blend of hot, cheesy, greasy, delicious ingredients. They had a good selection of toppings, but I just stuck with the pepperoni.The staff was very friendly and helpful. When I stood to take my garbage to the trash can, the cashier jumped out from behind the counter and took it for me. The great food and service was surprisingly inexpensive. Plus, like any great pizza joint, they had some classic arcade machines and a jukebox. Feel free to bring a pocketful of quarters for Ms. Pacman.As I said, I came here because they provided the space for a Street Fighter tournament. (How cool is that?) But, now I'll be sure to return for the food.
4	Slice of Bella had great cheese pizza and what a huge slice! Good service and the spaghetti and meatballs were wonderful. The garlic knots were fantastic. The salads were big and fresh with great blue cheese dressing. Good prices and great food!
4	Hallelujah the sauce is not sweet and the crust is not soft and soggy.It should not be this hard to finally find the right coronation.The inside is nothing special, a few tired old arcade games a standard tables and paper towel dispensers on the tables.The real star here is the pizza. The sauce is good maybe a bit too salty, but nice tang and not sweet, the way it should be. The cheese is generous and and has a good pull to it. the crust is the great foundation that it is all built on, the dough was needed enough to make the glutens nice and chewy, and the over is hot enough to make a crunch to the crust in a reasonable amount of cooking time.There are the usual condiments at a condiment bar, I would like it if every table had it. And the 18inch cheese pie was not cheap at ~16.This is a order at the front self serve style place.
4	Great little local place.  Fresh cheese on giant slices.  The Bella slice is excellent!  Better than New York Pizzeria in Houston.  Love the fact that the owner has his wedding pictures from the 60's on the wall behind the counter as he serves you.
4	This is the kind of pizza place everyone wants to have in their back pocket. Huge, greasy, hot and wonderful slices, giant salads - old reliable. It's a very local sort of joint, so don't expect wonderful presentation or metal silverware. The owner seems nice, but the lack of eat-in menu makes me suspect this place is mainly a delivery place - which is fine by me. I just wish they delivered to my neighborhood!
4	The good just keeps getting better.I went back with my family for more pizza, which in it self is a huge compliment.The pizza again was cooked fast yet it was crisp on the outside and airy on the inside. The cheese bubbling, the marvels of a HOT OVEN to bad others wont follow.The sauce was even better less salty, but full of great savory flavors, with out the typical west coast sweetness.They now have cups of water too which is the next best thing to a caffeine, and sugar free drink option.I don't think they realize they are in AZ and can get labor to bus the tables at a very low rate. This is the only reason they don't get 5 stars. On sat it was some what busy, some tables needed a wipe down yet there was no busser in sight. Also I am not a huge fan of the ASU colors inside, the yellow is just a bit overpowering, and out of place being over 8 miles from campus.Go in, order a 18 inch cheese pie, even the leftovers are decent. If you like Real NY style pizza you will like this.
3	Still on a mission to find a local haunt with casual pizza for nights that I don't feel like killing a pie from the ever-so-fabulous Nello's.  As a very recent ex-pat of NYC, I do still believe that the quick slice, laden with pools of molten cheese and slicked with sauce, is a right and not a privilege.  A Slice of Bella tries to foster this ideal with the hot slice mentality in what seems to be a holdover from the 80s (I'm talking bar trivia machine and Ms. Pacman old school) - it's just that given the small amount of folks that are eating here coupled with the price ($30 for a large pie and a large salad), I'm not sure if they'll make it.  The jukebox is on sale and many items formerly on the menu are now gone.  Whether they are closing or not, it just seems like the place might turn over at anytime.That all being said, if this is your local joint, give it an honest try.  The cheese is the perfect amount salty, the sauce is flavorful and not overly sweet (hate that!), and the crust is chewy and charred like a NYC-style pizza should be.  We had a Greek Salad as well that was not bad, but not worth the $7 price tag.  I'm also not sure how iceberg, olives (black and green), tomatoes, onions and mozzarella constitutes a greek salad.  Maybe feta took the night off?Solid 3 stars and I hope that they hold on a little longer.
3	I would love to give you higher ratings as the pizza was fabulous.  Bravo!  The bell peppers and onions were sauted prior to being placed on the pizza...I noticed!  Good move!  I don't think I've ever eaten a pizza with these veggies sauted.Now the wings.  This is my area of concern.  They wings were juicy...cooked perfectly and they were hearty.   My main complaint...it appears that they sprinkled the bbq sauce on the wings instead of them being dipped or tossed with the bbq sauce.  Additionally, the accruetments...you forgot the carrots.  Thanks for the celery though.
