1	Wish I could leave zero or negative stars.  Place was severely understaffed and untrained.  Dropped my car off at 3pm, was told it would be ready in 2-2.5 hours (for a rotate and balance).  Showed up 3 hours later and my car hadn't been touched.  Took the keys and will not be back.  Head to Discount Tire at San Tan Village or NAPA just a street over for good, quality, competent service.
5	This store has a great group of friendly guys working. Had a couple issues and they got me all taken care of. I truly won't go anywhere else to have my car serviced!
5	I was vacationing in Queen Creek AZ when I ran into car problems :(  I took my car into Big O Tires (Never been there before) and boy was I glad I did!!! Sam took  such good care of my car he went over EVERYTHING with me there was no pressure at all. Sam had me back on the road in no time :) Knowing I won't be a regular customer to this Big O Tire location because of where I live Sam went above and beyond for me :) Thank You Sam!!!!!
5	Excellent service! I went in because one of my tires was flat. First they didnt find a nail so they send me home. But it was flat again after 2 weeks. I brought it in and they took the tire out and inspected it. I wasn't sure if they needed my name and info. But when they finished they found a nail and handed me the keys. I was surprised of the service and how they just did it for free. I really really appreciated that.
5	I had tire and alignment problems.  Big O Tires gave me a decent quote and gave me great service.  Had my car done is a respectable time frame.  I will bring my business here again.
3	I can understand why the place is so under staffed because the manager, Joe, is such an unprofessional hot head who thinks that cursing and yelling at his staff is motivation to do good work when really it just causes an extremely hostile environment to work in. I overheard him yelling profanities at his staff and calling them stupid amongst other colorful things. It's astonishing how a person like this can be managing an establishment that has so much potential.The technicians I know who work there are incredibly talented and fast, working on a few cars at a time (with no help of Joe). I gave a review of 3 because Joe gets a negative score and to average with the work that goes on it leveled to that whopping three star collection.
1	I really wanted to write something good here because we don't want to seem unappreciative.We recently moved to Power Ranch and were delighted with when we received a Big O Tires coupon in the mail for a FREE oil change and tire rotation. Our initial experience was pleasant when I spoke to Brandon(?) on the phone and explained that we had a 1995 Honda Odyssey with over 200K miles. The next day, we took in our vehicle and again the initial experience was very pleasant. Along with doing the oil change, they did a vehicle inspection and I got a call a few hours later with a list of things that needed to get done. Remember I said we had high mileage, so I expected them to get back to us with a few things... which they did totaling nearly a thousand dollars.We told them we needed to think about the repairs and elected to have them replace only the air filter along with the oil change and rotation.We are not disputing that repairs might need to be performed, but as with a doctor's diagnosis of serious problems, we obtained a second opinion. In this case from an expert, my stepson, who worked for General Motors in the tech services department.His evaluation:   A. Their quoted prices for parts was 2-5 times the RETAIL price available through normal auto supply channels.  B. As for labor charges, his opinion was that they were charging way above the going rate because the time it would take him to make the repairs in his driveway without the advantage of a lift and other shop amenities couldn't justify the labor prices they quoted.We understand that they're in the business to make money, but feel there's a "Lets get them good while we've got them here because they might not come back" mentality happening.It's what came NEXT that really put the nail in the coffin as far as our ever doing business with Big O again.The next day when we drove our vehicle, there was a new noise that didn't exist BEFORE they serviced the car. Every time we stepped on the gas we'd get a buzzing, rattling kind of noise that sounded like something loose just outside the windshield under the hood. The noise persisted all day and was still there the following morning so I took the vehicle back to Big O and explained the situation to Steve who said they'd look at the car ASAP. After a short wait of about 40 minutes, Steve called me back to the shop to "show me the problem"... a rubber bushing that was missing from the right front sway bar link.We find it interesting that this bushing was missing from the right front sway bar link but was NOT mentioned in their original DETAILED inspection report and recommendations for repair. When I expressed my concerns, Steve said he "didn't know why they missed it" the first time. I also remarked that this problem in the lower suspension area didn't seem consistent with the noise we were hearing, but Steve was INSISTENT that this was absolutely the cause... even though they never drove the car to actually hear what we were hearing. He also assured me that they did a THOROUGH inspection just to make certain NOTHING ELSE was loose following their previous repairs.This raises some questions in my mind. Since the noise was not there before they worked on  the car, why did the missing rubber bushing only start causing the noise AFTER they worked on the car. Use your own imagination as to the other questions running through my head.Not satisfied with their diagnosis, after arriving home I did my own detailed inspection and discovered the following:  1. The cowl area where the windshield meets the hood was full of leaves and the other detritus that accumulates there, and showed NO sign of being disturbed or even touched, so it's clear no one bothered "inspecting" that area as Steve insisted they did.  2. There was a BOLT and washer rolling around on the top of the fender under the hood near the right hinge. I still have not discovered where this bolt came from.  3. One of the three SCREWS holding the Air Filter cover was UNSCREWED and flopping around, so it's obvious that whoever replaced the filter didn't tighten this screw back down... again proving that they did NOT thoroughly inspect their previous work, much less inspect the under hood area where we indicated we thought the noise was coming from.Bolt pocketed. Screw Tightened... VOILA! RATTLE GONE!Getting your car serviced these days, with the high costs involved, demands FAITH that the service business is giving you a knowledgeable, FAIR and TRUSTWORTHY repair recommendations.Since what brought us into Big O was the FREE oil change coupon, I was reluctant to write this negative review. That said however, I cannot help but feel that they were treating me as an ignorant customer that would accept their word without checking up on their estimates, evaluations and work. Not only will we never have our car serviced at Big O again, but they'll also never get any of our future tire business.Buyer be AWARE!
1	I went in the store to get two new tires for my suv, the salesman gave me several options of tires that were off brands, I told him no I wanted to have name brand tires and asked if he had any Michelin tires in the size I needed, he said not at that store but he could get them in about 45 minutes, he quoted me the price and I agreed and left him the keys. A hour and half later I got the call that the vehicle was ready to be picked up, I go inside and pay and walk out to the car and take a look at the tires, they were the store brand Big O tires! I went inside and spoke with the salesman and his memory was vastly different from mine, he said I had  agreed on the store brand tires and upon my request went and got the manager in attempt to resolve this.The manager was abrasive, argumentative, confrontational and down right hostile from the very first word, I was literally shocked at the attitude coming from him. It was clear that the manager wasn't going to listen nor was he going to solve the problem. I asked for the owners name and number and went home. Looking the bill over I noticed that the charge for the store band tires were the same as the Michelin price I was quoted. I called a few random BIG O stores in the phoenix area and asked how much were the store brand tires in my size, they were cheaper than I was charged. With this I called the owner, to the owners credit he listened, had some questions of his own and after he made some calls to his staff (which stuck to their story that I had agreed on the store brand tires) agreed to switch out the tires or refund the difference on the tires.The matter was resolved, I would like to do business with this store again because the owner was a reasonable man, however I won't until it is under new management.
5	Staff is always very friendly.  No high pressure "add on" sales.  Will keep coming back!
2	Here's the thing, they offer a good value for their oil changes. The thing I hate however is the dreaded call or service guy telling me that my air filter or some other crap that needs to be fixed ( like a fan belt that is supposedly about to crack any second) -that's sarcasm...... But that happens almost everywhere. However the thing that is really annoying is that when you tell them that you will replace the filter yourself, they get pissed or give attitude, it's not my fault their not good salesman.  One particular example is we replaced the filter about 3 months earlier on a car we don't drive often and my wife took the car in and of course they told her the filter looked horrible. Another example I took a vehicle that I bought at auction of course I was told about all the maintenance that should be done, blah blah blah, I explained this to the service advisor and again treated like I was a horrible person for not saying yes please charge me $249 for a three service pack that flushes every form of oil in my car that I plan on selling!  Sometimes just let me change my oil without pestering with random services please. Oh and my personal favorite, especially with one of their discount coupons they have to up sell to synthetic and they have the nerve to lie... " oh your vehicle requires us to use a synthetic oil". That's Bull..... Just another tactic to get people to spend more money. Other than that they are great!
5	I really like this location. I think all big o tires are independently owned and this one has it going on. They are really friendly and they don't try to scam me into getting extra things done on my car that I don't need. They are pretty quick to get you in and out the door but not so fast that they are rude. I would recommend going here.
