5	FINALLY found what I was looking for! In Vegas you have two choices: go to the casino spas and spend a fortune on a mani/pedi or risk disease just so that maybe your nails will look nice for a couple of days. I'm sorry, but I have yet to come across a nail salon outside of a casino that I didn't absolutely hate until now. It was love at first sight. Alexus' is NICE and CLEAN, fresh and modern. I've talked about how it's frustrating that someone can't just open up a nail salon that's just as nice as the casino spas with decent prices. Maybe Alexus and Kevin heard my pleas. I love the way it's set up. The nail techs actually know what they're doing and can tell you that themselves. A mani/pedi starts at $50, ya I know that's not cheap, but it's worth it. They carry the newest colors from OPI and Deborah Lippman (my favorite, and now I don't have to buy it online because they finally started selling it at Nordstrom!) and you get you too choose what type of bath scent you want (my favorite is pomegranate).Definitely recommend to everyone!PS I just wanted to say that the picture on their website is NOT what the place looks like. I went this afternoon again and I meant to take pics, but I was too busy relaxing.... they definitely need to change that opening photo because it's not inviting at all like it is in real life.
4	So. I'm shocked this place doesn't have more reviews. It is bright, clean, and hip. It is where I go for pedicures. It was recommended to me by a fellow Esthetician BF who is super paranoid of germs and dirty nail salons, so when she mentioned it to me, I went to check it out for myself. The prices are ok, not too expensive, but not super cheap, at 30.00 for a basic pedi. They have a 55.00 pedi service. I've never gotten it, though, the basic one covers all of my bases just fine. A super comfy chair, sweet smelling lotion, a nice leg massage, and my toes look super pretty after. I have seen both Haley and a guy, there...I believe his name is Tran..? Sorry I forgot, but they are both very good, although I prefer Haley, as she has a gentler touch while she is doing her grooming around the cuticles and such. I let them know not to cut them, and just push them  back, and they happily oblige. All and all, a great, CLEAN place to get your pedicure!
5	Alexus nail bar is a great place to have an event. We just had a party there last week where we can bring in our own drinks. Everyone loved it...5 stars for alexus nail barA review from the owners of www.f8studiolv.comJon & Hernan
5	Wow....not sure where to startNow that I have moved from Las Vegas I realize How much I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!This is no ordinary nail salon. from the most unique pedi's to the best quality gel paint  manicures I have ever experienced. Tina does my nails and eyebrows... she is amazing. She's gets booked up but always finds a way to get me in even on her days off. I will say the whole whole staff is soooooo welll trained to perfect what they do I am confident to use anyone there incase my girl is out of town. Alexus... This women is phenomenal! She introduced me to the eyelash extensions. Some thing I was never interested because I saw them on other women and they were so poorly done I thought they were strange. When I saw them on some of her staff I could not believe they were not real. The just looked like long luscious  beautiful natural lashes. Had to try it. This is not someone just any one can do. Alexus was mentored and trained by the #1 Lash artist in Beverly Hills....Daniel Dinh. I did my research and but it in her hands. She is the best! Just as great as the man that created them. I have had them on for almost a year now and still love them...everyone tells me by far they are the best lashes they have not seen and usually at first think they are real. So If I cant get to her for a fill I go to Daniel's place in Beverly Hills but I always prefer her to do them. I moved to LA and struggle finding a place I can connect to like Alexus nail bar. I have been trying some other nail salons and I usually always leave un-satisfied from most of the places I have recently tried because now I have been spoiled by the best. I actually have made many trips to Vegas since I moved to get my nails, eyelashes and eyebrows waxed there. I love Alexus nail bar from the whole experience and amazing energy there with the staff. Always the best customer service, most talented and proven to go beyond and out of their way for their staff. I would add an extra star if I could.If your in Vegas go there!
4	I made an appointment on Saturday about an hour before I went in to Alexus Nail Bar for a mani/pedi. I loved the decor and setup of the salon. However, since it was busy it was a little confusing as to who was doing what. Eventually I was brought over to the table for my mani. Great service and nice selection of polishes. I have natural nails so I use the regular polish (no gel). You get to choose which scent of lotion with your mani/pedi. I thought that was a small but nice option.I was then whisked away to the massage chair for my pedicure. Great job, I was thoroughly pleased. The man doing my pedicure was SLIGHTLY rough scrubbing and very pleasant. They don't talk in other languages abruptly in front of customers like many traditional salons do. Overall a very pleasant atmosphere and experience, BUT a little pricey ($50 mani/pedi). I guess you get what you pay for. I'd definitely go back, but not on a regular basis per cost.I got my mani/pedi on Saturday. It's now Monday and there's no chipping! :) I even did the dishes a few times!!
4	Definitely not your usual nail place.1. All the employees speak English, even to each other.2.  They wear trendy, sexy clothes as they do your nails.3.  They allow you to bring alcohol in to liven up the party.4.  Handsome men also do nails there.5.  I saw a non-Vietnamese nail lady. She was Latina, I think.6.  The salon is very clean and modern.7.  Pricier than I usually pay.8.  They dispose of nail files and pumice stones after each customer. I witnessed    this.Hailey did my mani/pedi with french tips for $60.
3	Great place. Nice atmosphere. First time I went, very pleased!! Just went on Tues., came home that night gel nails already peeling!! I paid 70.00 for a gel pedicure. I was satisfied with that. (little pricey) As for my nails very disappointed.  Paid 40.00 so thick and tacky, I hope to go back and see what they do for me. Going on vacation in two days and wanted nice nails
2	The place is cute and clean and definitely a step up from your typical nail salon which is how it earned the 2nd star.  I was visiting from San Francisco and maybe I am spoiled but I felt like I got the worst pedicure of my life!  It was also one of the most expensive pedicures I have gotten from a non resort salon.  The massage was extremely brief and the polish chipped within a week.  I felt like I was just shuttled in and out quickly with low level of service but at a high price ($40 pedi only) not to mention the "tipping %" listed on my receipt.No thank you!
5	I came back because of David  and his meticulous way with nails. I also think the availability and selection of polish is to die for. Compliments have been flowing on my nails since I started coming here. Price is higher, but service and quality is worthy.
2	I tried this place today for a regular manicure & pedicure. They have a  nice selection of polish - OPI, Nubar, Debra Lippman and Zoya and some Essie. The woman who did my nails was nice and friendly and the decor was modern & stylish.I got a regular manicure and was just ok. I don't think the tech has much experience with natural nails b/c my polish was streaky even though it was a light sheer pink.  My pedicure was ok, nothing special. The place reeked of acetone and acrylics when I walked in, but the smell wasn't too bad by the pedicure stations.  When I was having my nails painted at the end of my service another tech sat down next to us to paint acrylics (even though there was no client) and the smell was so completely overwhelming. I informed my tech that the smell was very strong and being pregnant I shouldn't be inhaling that. She moved me near the door to dry, but I can still smell the acrylic on me even though I'm home. It's in my nails, in my nose and on my clothes. Unfortunately I will not be back b/c of this. Not to mention that my so-so manicure cost $20. It and my experience should be PERFECT for $20.
5	the best in summerlin!
5	This is the BEST place in Vegas to get your nails done. It is the most sanitary, chic, and friendly nail salon I have ever been to. I love getting their gel pedicures. They have an amazing selection of gel colors and if you can't decide, the staff knows what will look the best. Like any salon, some artists are better than others. I've had beautiful work done by Kevin, Danny, and Teresa. At Alexus, you can even bring a bottle of wine or champagne to celebrate or simply relax with friends. Every time I go there, it's always an awesome experience.
5	I meant to give 5 stars, woops. Love this place and the end product. ;)
2	Very nice clean place.  Got a Pedicure and was there less than 30 minutes.  $45 + tip.  Too expensive for what it is.
4	I called Alexus nail bar yesterday at about 9:30, they gladly gave me their pricing and encouraged me to make an appointment. I did, when I walked in about 10 minutes prior to my appointment time, it was packed.... People sitting waiting, a client at nearly every station. I assumed I was going to have to at least wait till my appointment time. The very friendly girl at the front desk, asked my name, greeted me with a smile and said it would just be a moment. I used that time to pick a color, they have a great selection of opi and other brands. Before I made my final selection (so maybe 2-3 minutes) she said my chair was ready. I was shocked! Remember this place was packed!!! And they still got me in at my appointment time! Eeeeek, yay! Everything was perfect, the very nice lady did a wonderful job on my pedicure, she was social and interactive. I was in and out of there in 30 ish minutes, feeling perfectly satisfied with the service I had received and the price I paid! Thank you Alexus Nail Bar, I'll be back!
2	Too expensive and they NEVER answer their phone so you cant make an appointment!
4	After reading many of the 5 star reviews I was hoping for this myself!...  Giving it 4 stars.Pros: Lively place- was nice place, staff niceSanitary (all instruments for pedicure in closed sanitized packs)Prices acceptable  30 for pedicure, 25 for french manicureBEST nail polish selection i have seen in a while. Lots of choices.ConsThe guy doing my nails seemed to be in a bad mood. He wasnt rude, just wasnt happy and made me feel like he hated what he was doing.  I had to have him fix one nail because the nail dryer blew a piece of thread into the wet nail - he did the nail over but didn't seem "happy to help", although he did it without hesitation. Even tho when he did he nail over it wasnt perfect and he left some of the white paint on my finger...Not a perfect manicure...  There were some slight in perfections in my french Manicure. Not anything horrible, just not perfect.  I will go back there though, all the other staff members seemed great and lots of customers were in there having a good time, seemed like regulars.
5	Ive been going here almost 6 months every two weeks for my fill. I absolutely love this place. I came in one day after work and I got my fill by christine she is amazing and so sweet to talk with. Ive only been to her but I did get my eye brows waxed and they have never looked so good. The front desk staff is so nice and always offer drinks. Theres a coffee place next door and they brought me a coffee while I was getting my fill. I cant say enough nice things about alexus nail bar. Christine is amazing.
2	Overpriced for quality of service. Its clean and nice yes, ppl are nice and speak english yes. Have i ever had a wow mani/pedi, NO. Im from LA and come here regularly so i need a local nail place, i have found that most Vegas nail places are overpriced and not so great and this is probably the nicest of those. But that doesnt mean you get what you pay for. They recently bought the salon next door and are hard selling those services, so i tried the blowout which i was quoted 45 on the phone, and i asked the receptionist to give me someone good with long hair as i am picky. So she says this guy is great. To sum it up he was more tempermental and flamboyant than he was talented. I asked for barrel curls and i got velcro rollers set in my hair for an hour while i got a pedi, to end up with 80s prom hair. I told him i wasnt happy with it and he tried to make it about the fact that i didnt want him to put a ton of mouse and hairspray on. But i am a licensed stylist and i know that if you cant get style without freezing the hair in place you should find something else to do. To add insult to injury he actually wanted to charge me MORE! yes 65 because my hair was long. UM excuse me??? you didnt even do it right and you want MORE MONEY. smh. First off even DRY BAR in Beverly Hills charges 35 for blow/style flat no matter the length, and they do it right! The owner saw my frustration and said she would take care of that. Ya nice. but i still paid 45 for a lame blow dry and went home to flat iron it out before my event. EPIC FAILURE on the salons part, they lost a client for both hair and nails and got a poor review. Not a great way to run and grow your biz.
5	Love going here!  The service is great and my nails look fabulous for a month before having to go back!  Annie is the best!  Always look forward to getting my nails done!
3	Overpriced for average quality. My $45 +tip gel manicure (which took 15ish min and was barely a manicure) didn't last over a week. All of my nails lifted.  I was told over the phone to come back and they would put on a new set but when I arrived I was told that the manager decided not to allow it. They reluctantly fixed them but not sure I'll make it back in. Johnny was great second time in- too bad he's moving out of state
5	I have been going to Alexus nail bar since it first opened and refuse to go anywhere else. Danny is by far the best nail technician I've ever had. I'm specific with him on what I want and he gets it perfect every time. The whole staff is incredibly friendly and there is always such a good vibe in the salon. If you're looking for amazing acrylics definitely go to Danny he's a perfectionist and I never leave disappointed. And if you love gels with amazing designs go to Annie. She's the sweetest and very creative. Check out her Instagram @annie_lexslounge.
5	I'm picky and this place really impressed me. Clean and very nice looking place. It was my first time attempting a gel manicure  in over a year since I haven't been happy with other places in town. I made an apt. and was seated immediately. They offered a choice of several different beverages. The set up is very different from any other nail salon in town. Michael, who just moved from their Red Rock Nails location only an hour or so prior to my visit, was my technician. He was GREAT! I told him I was extremely picky and what I didn't like at other places. He assured me he didn't work like that. He took a good amount of time with my manicure and polished my nails perfectly. I brought my 4 year old and they were able to polish her nails next to me, which worked out great. The girl took a good amount of time and allowed my daughter to pick several different colors. She loved them! I have to say, for kids manicure it looked awesome. A little higher priced than most places for both of us, but well worth the experience. It's not your typical neighborhood nail shop.  I'll be back for sure.
5	I really like this place, great vibe and atmosphere, it's just a nice modern salon. Everyone was very nice and my pedicure was awesome.  I had Bruce as my tech and I had the opi pedicure,  he did such a great job.  Usually when I get a pedicure I can still see cuticle skin or dead skin, not this time, he really detailed my toes and for that I'm happy and thankful. I will gladly pay extra to have my pedicures done right and look good!
4	Took my Mom on Saturday so we could get Mothers Day Pedicure's...Great experience! Our toes look amazing :)
1	Kimberly a former employee from Diva Salon is a joke! She is currently the "manager" at Alexus Lounge A Salon. I was a former employee at this horrible place where manager's and owners do not know anything about running a hair salon. I would like to start off by saying that  a former employee was hired and then was let go for personal dislike reason because of the fact we are friends. Apparently this lady Kimberly has the nerve to say that I did not know what I was doing and did not know how to cut hair correctly! What a joke! From personal experience, this place is a disgrace to the salon industry. If you are considering to work here don't think you are going to be in a professional environment.  If you wonder why the salon is so slow and empty she is just one of the reasons why. This salon industry is so small that saying negative remarks of former stylists that have been in the industry isn't making you or the salon look good. Don't be fooled by a beautiful salon with fancy furniture and decor.
5	Really love this place and its location. The salon is always so clean, professional, friendly and runs on time. I never see tools being reused or anything else that would make me cringe. The best part is that the service costs are a little tiny bit more than the random strip mall nail locations, but the advantages far outweigh the costs! Their products are premium and the little extras (water, coffee, tea, great atmosphere, nice lotions) are well worth the extra few bucks.I wish I had a schedule that would allow a regular nail appointment with the same technician. I always schedule my appointments in advance with whomever is available and have had really great luck! I haven't always had good luck with walk-ins. (Not that the technician is bad, but because they're always so busy they don't have any appointments available)  - Which I actually appreciate, sometimes nail salons will tell you that they can fit you in and you wait more than an HOUR for someone to squeeze you in!All in all, I really value this salon. Just be sure to make an appointment to guarantee a service. Otherwise, you'll likely be unable to get in on a Friday or Saturday.I wish, wish, wish they were open Sundays!
