5	Absolutely the best burritos around!  Far better than their competitors with way more choices and my burritos are always exploding!
5	This particular location has the best service of any Pittsburgh locations. The staff is always willing to accommodate anything you ask for. The Joey with tofu is a phenomenal burrito and their salsa is addictive.
5	GREAT Service ,! Everything is fresh and you get nice size meals. Prices are not bad either. My friends & I were full when it was time to go.But I'll be BACK .
4	You can't go wrong with Moe's.  The service is always polite and prompt.  The ingredients always taste fresh and for the money you do get a generous amount of fillings.  In my opinion it's better than the other burrito chains in Pittsburgh.Go for the burritos stay for the salsa bar.
4	I love Moe's! The tacos are good... but the burritos are GREAT! The soda machine is cool as there are many different flavors. I only have one criticism, sometimes the salsa is a little warm and sometimes is a bit weird tasting. But other than that, it is delicious!
5	Just ate there last night, and I've gotta say, the queso dip gets me every time!  There are several things I love about Moe's:1.  The kids always want to go because of the cookies2.  The queso dip has no MSG3.  The meat is hormone free, the other food is all natural4.  They always greet you when you come in5.  The price is great!We eat at all the locations around, and this one by far is the cleanest.  So if you like burrito bars, and want a little more selection than at other ones (I love you, too, though!) and that queso dip is calling your name, then Moe's is a great choice.
4	Love the queso here! The Stack is awesome but it's huge. They take two round crunchy shells fill it with what you want and than put a soft burrito shell around it! The burritos are great as well but be careful they can get large. I also like that they have white or wheat shells for everything! They have great ingredients to choose from that are fresh! They also have some bottles if beer as well.
4	Let me just start by saying the queso.....mmmmm! One could possibly just drink it right from the cup. I also enjoy it when the staff serenades you when you walk in the door and when you leave a tip :-). I enjoy the Art Vandalay. It's full of veggies. There is a new spicy guacamole they just introduced and it's pretty good. They also cater, which would be a lot of fun for those summer fiestas you wanna have!
5	I will be giving this place 5 stars for the food and the service as everything within the restaurant's control was perfect.  The food was perfect - portions were plentiful and very tasty .  They had that Coke machine where you customize your drink which I also thought was neat.  The problem was that a basketball team with young kids was in there having a party of some sorts.  The restaurant's walls didn't help suppress the noise and it was very loud in there.  But this group got to be more and more out of control, that had I been the manager, I would've told them to cut it out.  McDonald's is down the road.  I can safely assume that the manager would've gotten in trouble by his higher-ups had he done such a thing.  I love Moe's and will come back, but I wish places would have a policy on controlling groups of kids.  Plus McDonald's is right up the road.
