3	The real reason to love this chain is the fruit explosion muffin.  Or the blueberry one. So scrumptious!  and its open all night which is just great for everybody (except the people who have to deal with the drunk crowds/annoying students at 4 AM).  But yeah, I am a fan of Timmy Ho's.
1	Anyone who can rate this peasant class establishment more than a one deserves to have their ability to taste taken away. The coffee here amounts to no more than diarrhoea slop and the service is abysmal. They somehow manage to screw up my order everytime giving me something that's the wrong size, doesn't have what I ask for, or they just completely screw it by giving me the opposite of what I wanted. I am inclined to remember a time I asked for a large coffee with two creams, one sugar. I was one of two people in the lineup and the same person who took my order gave me a black coffee with three sugars. What? Could anything be the total opposite to what I had just ordered. Eventually I tried their food; if you can call it that. Their wraps should be outlawed since all they do is violate your mouth with an explosion of pig slop. No fuck that, I wouldn't even feed that to a pig. Simply horrendous. Their donuts aren't fresh, they're dry, and they have piss poor standards for the creams they use. Their muffins though are thoroughly decent and this the only reason I could bare to give this establishment one star. Still though, I am inclined to think that I'd be better off going to bloody McDonald's for a muffin and coffee combo. At least McDonald's have service standards and a cup of coffee which is worth the five second wait. Tim Horton's coffee gives me the runs, no joke. I'm not the only one. Their bathroom is also a pigsty of fetid turd and dried urine. I hate this establishment. You're better off walking the extra block to Starbucks or the extra block from Starbucks to go to McDonald's. The only thing this place has on any other establishment is it's 24 hour policy and it's convenience to the McGill campus. Otherwise, I have no understanding as to why anyone would ever bare this terrible 'restaurant'. The only thing I go there for now is so I can have a place to piss in...I'll say this though, I'm no marksman.
