5	I've watched two movies here this week and really enjoyed this new movie complex. Seating is standard, and the theaters are also of a typical size for a multiplex, but the theaters are very clean, designed so that there will be minimal disturbance from people entering or leaving a theater, and the acoustics are great. The restrooms are well-situated and there is also a cool lounge where you can relax while waiting if you came too early or are waiting for friends.
4	I'm just happy to have a theater so close! The theater is comfortable and the staff is friendly.   The only problem is their popcorn. While tasty, it has made my husband and I sick both times we ate it. We aren't the only ones who have had this problem either. Several of our friends have said the same thing. Such a disappointment because popcorn and movies go hand in hand!
3	Very nice, new facility. Customer service is fairly consistent and satisfactory.Concession prices are a total rip off. Soft pretzels are small and not-so-soft. Nachos are good.
4	we went to this theater as part of a Smart Shopper Deal.It was a VIP room which includes popcorn and a drink for 6 people.Awesome deal..it's just pretty far from my house-a really nice treat fora  weekend.Beautiful theater!!! The VIP room is a sort of sky box-2 levels that have couches and chairs, your own bathroom (sweet)!!, and waiter service.We had sliders, pizza, and onion rings as well (typical theater food quality).
5	What a beautiful theater! And the person who had the idea to put a balcony for people 21 and over and serve dinner on top of that...a really good dinner too...is a brilliant person! My husband and I had a nice dinner together and watched a movie at the same time. The seats were plush and comfortable. It was fantastic! The Philly cheese steak sandwich is out of this world! So so yummy! And the sweet potato fries...mmmmm. It was such a fun date night. I'm not sure why every theatre doesn't have something like this! The theatre also has a bowling alley, an arcade, Luxe Lounge, laser tag, pizza. Seriously...this place is so much fun.
4	Great theatre and awesome experience in their star class seating. Nice to be able to set away from the kids and teens.  Service is always friendly.
5	Great place and was much needed! The atmosphere is family friendly and there is so much to do after the move!
4	We just moved down to Maricopa and wanted a date night, so we went here. Its a little confusing cause its just do damn big, but once you get into the building its not as bad. The places was a little on the loud side since i had to nearly yell at the ticket person when trying to buy seats to a movie. Also Its has all these major upgrades you can do when buying a movie ticket. Who knew that when going to a movie you could make it a big damn confusing theatrical affair. The ticket price was about the same as other theaters. We decided to just go all out and sit at the top level, drink some booze have a night out.( I was slightly wasted before the movie started,) and order some food. The place was clean the food was, Meh my burger was cold and over cooked and it was a little annoying seeing people moving around while you are watching a movie. All in all it was nice but I have a few tips. (1) don't wear a skirt or shirt that exposes you back. My ass was stuck to the seat along with my back, due to the lazy boy style siting. (which makes me wonder i hope the clean those seats after every movie, cause ick. ) (2.) Be ready for possible drunk people behind or in front of you. (3) you must deal with the sound of people ordering or paying, even if you are not doing either of those. every one around you might be. When you see the iPad device they us for order light up for the 5th time in 10 minutes you might have the need to punch someone in the face. all in all it was a nice time out, not sure if i would do it all the time, but its way better then some movie theaters!
4	Had to attend a conference in Phoenix.  The hotels are very expensive there so I took a chance and stayed at Harras in maracopa$87  Only 20 mins to chandler. Nice hotel great pool and casino. The entertainment complex next door is truly impressive.  Watched the movie Fury there and had a beer in restaurant. They also have laser tag, bowling an arcade and a 2nd story sports bar. I definitely go there again.
5	wow, HUGE screen!  great seats, great service, great prices.  really beautiful scenery, fountains outside, modern building.  i really enjoyed my time at their $2 anniversary party.  laser tag was pretty fun too.  the only thing i didn't get to do was make a karaoke cd for $5 in the booth.
