4	If you were a fan of Abe's Deli of Scottsdale then you should be a fan of Miller's Deli and Grill for similar deli treats you had before. The new restaurant  and menu has been trimmed down and the deli case is also gone but most of the top favorites still are here. We had our own smorgasbord and tried a variety of things.My husband never had a potato knish before so we ordered one. (appetizer $4.) It was very fresh and came out warm with a side of beef gravy. It tasted just like fresh ones I had before from a bakery I used to go to. I ate only a quarter of it just to try but my husband who never had a knish before enjoyed it and finished it off. I went with the soup and half sandwich and tried the matzo ball soup. What impressed me the most about the soup was that it was very fresh tasting and the white meat chicken in it was very tender and correctly cooked. (I hate dry chicken and just get bummed when I get dry chicken out. Places that give me dry chicken I usually give two stars.) The soup broth was very thin and light as Matzo Ball is suppose to be because this soup is about the ball. I liked the fresh still with body carrots in it and the pasta was fresh and not soggy. The Matzo ball was the lightest fluffiest one I ever had. I do prefer Matzo Ball soup seasoned with dill but not everyone does. No dill in the Matzo Ball soup here but it was good as it was and is enough to feed one person. I tasted a spoonful of my husband's Sweet and Sour Cabbage soup. It was tasty I might try that one next time?My husband went with the Reuben Sliders ($9.75) but with the kraut and sauce on the side. To his surprise he really enjoyed the kraut and especially the house made dressing as it was really delicious. The sliders are considered one of Phoenix Arizona's top five things to try according to the AZ Republic as they are very tasty. They are Three  Sandwiches of House Own Recipe pickled corned beef,  House Own recipe Pastrami and Brisket grilled on potato latkes. I tasted each and all were good but I liked the pastrami best.My half sandwich was the pastrami on rye. My sandwich was tasty as it was but would have been much better and elevated as the sliders were if I asked for it hot so if you get the corned beef or pastrami make sure you ask for it hot because it's much tastier that way. I liked that the bread was real rye and not that squishy Arizona Rye you get at other places. The cole slaw was very fresh tasting but on the sweet side but had a pleasant celery seed after taste that I liked. ($12.50 !/2 sandwich with soup)Our server Sean was OUTSTANDING very friendly and helpful.They have a beautiful large dog friendly patio and free Wifi.Mazel Tov! They did the soft opening as they are still working things out but Really did a Good Job!
5	We loved Abe's Deli in Scottsdale and now that it's Miller's Deli & Grill (same owner as Abe's) in a new location. it's even better!  Smaller store in a much better location. Menu has been trimmed down a bit (I miss the hot tongue sandwich), but all of the important items were kept and a few new ones were added.  Very cozy and warm atmosphere inside a a great shaded patio (with large TV's) outside. Even though we live in Surprise, the 50+ minute drive is well worth it.Chompie's doesn't hold a candle to Miller's!!
5	Great food and service! Fresh food, homemade taste. Deli plates are dinner amounts, you get a full plate. Their apple strudel is delicious and warm.The waitress was sweet.
3	This restaurant location has changed themes 3 times in 4 years.....I hope the Deli & Grill can make it! Stopped by Sunday with hubby on a bike ride. Thought the food & menu looked good and the drinks were reasonably priced. We'll try it again soon!
5	Great service and food! We were a fan of Abe's and this is a better version! Check it out soon! :)
5	Best Reuben I ever had in my life.  Found out if you hold the sauerkraut and get cole slaw on it instead, its called a Rachel...so, best Rachel I ever had in my life.  Don't leave without trying the Noodle Kugel. Wow.
1	Not a good experience. Fruit was not fresh. Turkey sandwich was dry and had no flavor. Sandwich fell apart as I ate it. Customer service below average. I rarely complain but this was not enjoyable. Will not come back.
5	Had lunch at Miller's Deli today. Two people - we each ordered a cup of soup and a half-sandwich.  My wife had the tomato basil soup which she said was absolutely delish!!  I had the sweet and sour cabbage soup which I love, and it was great .  We both had half of a corned beef on rye and they were both absolutely outstanding.  Also great cole slaw as a side.  If you want GREAT deli you want to try Miller's, not Chompies.  Miller's is the very best deli in all of Arizona!!
2	We had gone to Abe's a couple times when they were on Scottsdale Road.  This restaurant is now smaller and has no atmosphere!  The food was medicore at best. The waitress was indifferent - not rude but had no warmth or happy we were there!  We don't have that many good delis so we had hoped Miller's would be a standout..it is not!
5	Four of us for lunch today - great as usual!  Two had chicken matzo ball soup and two had sweet and sour cabbage soup.  Everyone said theirs' was delish.  Two half pastrami, one deli platter and one corned beef - Everyone loved what they ordered. Cole slaw was excellent, as were each of the other sides.Service by Eric was perfect.Chompies doesn't come close to Miller's in any respect.  We travel from Surprise to eat at at Miller's and it is worth every minute and every mile!!
4	Never heard of this place before we saw it on Groupon. Good service' great food. It's a nice change from the typical sports bar food. We will go back.
5	Absolutely wonderful addition to the North Scottsdale community!  The menu is expansive, food is top notch and honestly, the owner couldn't be nicer.  This is a true neighborhood restaurant and a great place to enjoy traditional deli fare and casual bar/grill food.  Another east coaster setting up shop in North Scottsdale and raising the bar!
3	Went to Miller's with a Groupon.  Only one other couple in there.  Open seating.  Ordered a cheesesteak and turkey sandwich.  Service was quick.Both sandwiches were on the bland side and lacked imagination.  I could have made my own turkey sandwich with cranberry and it would have been better.  Sandwiches need some spark to them.  Nothing out of the ordinary here.  It wasn't bad and it wasn't great.  We won't be going back since there are so many others I'd like to try.  Glad we used Groupon.
1	Well, Larry the ponytailed owner is still a nice guy, but I'm not  a fan of his new concept, location, food or food he left out of new menu. This place gets a big Ooooyyy Veyyyy as the Yiddish would say. The place is way smaller than the original and for some reason he has a bar in there like he is trying to create a Jewish themed sports bar. I doubt the concept will last long , so I think he did things backwards. The new location does not offer bagels either which was a big draw for many folks because he has no oven and is under some silly shopping center restrictions that force him to not serve breakfast.    My lunch was a $11 brisket sandwich to go ordered extra lean, but was extra fatty and a miserable fatty and tasteless mess. Compared to his last brisket, this was a kitchen nightmare. Additionally, he is giving you less meat (in this case a good thing) for your 11 bucks, does not offer fries as a free side anymore and his sides are very small now. The potato salad was decent and good pickles, but the star should be the meat and that fell flat. Jewish bar concept won't work in that uppity area. Hope he goes back to the real NY (even though he is not from NY) bagel shop concept.
5	Came here for lunch. First ones in right after they opened.. Chose our seats and were greeted immediately. A few good local beers from San Tan on tap and looks like a good happy hour too. Started with a side salad- very good portion and good taste with fresh veggies. I had the hot corned beef on rye which was real authentic tasting like I was in NYC. Girlfriend had the grilled cheese and fries. All around great service and food. Absolutely will be back!
5	Coldest, cheapest beer around. You get a frosty mug every time you order a bottle of beer. Haven't found a colder beer in North Scottsdale.
4	Had lunch today and was very happy.  Excellent, speedy service and delicious sandwich.  Had the "cloak and dagger" - a reuben more or less but with cole slaw (Rachel).  Good, messy factor!  Just the right amount of meat without making it too large to bite into it.  Piping hot fries.  Busy but service was attentive.  A little pricey but I had a groupon.  Would still go back and try more.
1	Business is closed.  Business is closed.  Business is closed.  Business is closed.  Business is closed.
