2	Meh...some of the residents are dodgy and the apartments aren't that great, but you get what you pay for. I wish I had known the lay of the land a bit better before choosing this place. Great move in specials and the maintenance guys are pretty nice, but the office staff are condescending and generally unhelpful.  I'd keep searching if you're considering Indian Hills.
1	verbatim what the last review said, but ill go a step further and throw out all the dirt about this place.  you have to fight for the office to do anything. one example is once my toilet broke and i saw a plunger on my way to the office, i asked if i could borrow it. they said they don't lend out their tools. i said okay let me put in a work order, they said they would be there in 2-3 business days! i don't think i need to go into detail as to why i cannot go without a toilet for 2-3 business days. i've lived here less than a year and have had about 10 work orders put in for my apartment. as far as work orders go, they expect u to give them permission to enter. if u do not they do not allow for appoints, they just simply say "we don't do that." so basically they expect u to not have a life, go to work or anything else so they can come and fix problems that shouldn't be broken in the first place whenever they want.there are break-ins! people's cars and apartments. they deny, deny, deny, while having repairs on broken-in front doors done in the middle of the night, as if no one here would notice. they have a security office in the front of the complex that has never been used as long as i've lived here. so anyone can enter at anytime. sometimes at night they close the gates sometimes not, but either way anyone so inclined can just wait for a resident to come home, open the gate and follow them right in.mud everywhere! how in the middle of summer is there mud everywhere? don't walk in the grass not only for that reason, but i wont say all, but there are a lot of dog owners here that do not bother to pick up after their pets.i live on the second floor i don't have this problem, although i have seen them. I hear from multiple neighbors about a terrible roach problem. One neighbor called her apt infested from the day she moved in, complained to the office and it took her months, she said, just to get them to bomb the place. which should have been done before she even moved in.believe me there at least a dozen more stories, some first hand experiences, others not, but i don't want to spend all day typing this review. please save yourself some major headaches in the future and avoid this place, i wish i had.
2	I have been living here for a few months now and everything was pretty good up until recently. The Roman tubs are amazing and the people at the front seemed friendly enough. Always get maintenence out pretty quick.. Plus you can pay your rent online! But lately some bad things.. There have been upwards of five different occasions they've had to completely shut off water. For very long periods of time, 6 to 8 hours right in the middle of the day.. Then they have to audacity to raise our water payment. What just occurred, I had a sticker on my car window saying I had 48 hours to renew my registration or I will be towed. I tried to explain to the management that I renewed online and the decal will be here in a few days. She just kept asking when and I kept telling her however long the mail takes.. Still waiting to see if my car gets towed. Is my rent going towards them hiring a tow company to come tow my car out of my designated parking space? Not impressed.
1	Be very Careful choosing these apartments. My daughter has lived here for almost two years. She has had to have maintance out many times to fix her stove never did they replace she still deals with stove that only works sometimes. NOW all the sudden her unit has came up with bedbugs. The apartment manager is accusing my Daughter of bringing them into her apartment herself. IF that was the case my daughter would have infected my house and her brothers room whom she stays with A LOT!!!! She has one month left on her lease and wants to get out of the apartment. They will not work with her so she has to not only pay the last month of rent, pay to have her apartment treated but is losing all of her belonging as she does not want to take the risk of taking it to her new apartment. I've lived in Las Vegas over 20 years stayed in many apartments all over Las Vegas and never dealt with this issue nor been treated like this apartment is doing.Added 1/7/15The manager Response said to contact them and they again did nothing for her but accuse her of it being her fault for the bug issue. These things can move apartment to apartment through cracks and wholes between the apartments. Please read the Clark county health districts information on Bed bugs and be informed. Stay far away from these apartments   She also paid her last month of rent with a check and security deposit then moved out.  They say because she moved out she broke her lease. and now want $700 more from her.   Very bad business practice please stay away.
