3	Well, the place was clean enough and the price was alright. They have good lunch combos and their egg rolls are better-than-average. Had a Sweet/Sour chicken lunch combo, came with a little fried rice, one egg roll, and two fried wontons (whole)However, their fried rice has almost nothing in it, just a little egg and it is a little brown but I don't think it has really been fried. There are no vegetables in the fried rice like you see at most other places, so -1 star.Another -1 star because of their soy sauce. This is my biggest gripe about Asian take-out; they use the fake 'Panda' brand soy sauce that is artificially flavored and tastes like plastic. At least if you dine-in you can get the naturally-brewed Kikkoman soy sauce. If you get take out, ask for an empty sauce container and a lid for it so you can pour some real soy sauce out of the bottle before you leave. This wouldn't bother me so much if it weren't that if I can taste the difference, I KNOW they can.
3	This place is about 4 doors down from where I get my hair cut.  I decided I wanted something different for lunch after my hair cut this time.  For some reason I expected it to have some worn edges because it has been here so long, but it doesn't.  While being very plain, it is very clean and orderly.I was the only one eating in on this Friday for lunch.  Two single take out orders also were processed.  It may pick up a bit later, I arrived right after they opened at 11.  I had the garlic chicken lunch special ($4.25) and an iced tea ($1.50).  The chicken also had onions and other veggies.  Even though the plate did not get served with chopsticks I would have expected the chicken to be cut so it could be, several pieces of the chicken were quite a mouth full.  What may have been not enough heat for some in a spicy dish was just right for me.  They note on the menu they can adjust the heat on request.  To me there were no off flavors and I left full.
5	Golden Rice Express has become my favorite go-to Chinese restaurant! I was referred here a couple of years ago, and have been going ever since. It's a small place great for grabbing a quick bite or ordering take out and the food is always ready within 10 - 15 minutes. They also do delivery, but I've never experienced their delivery service since I live close by and am not lazy. Portions are large, food is really good and authentic, and the prices are cheap. They also get 5 stars from me for their excellent service - the guy who is always there (who I think is the owner) is super nice. I'd recommend trying their chicken with garlic sauce or sesame chicken.
3	Wanting Chinese delivery bad, I went to the nearest one...that delivered that is. I didn't expect much, even from a place I never ate at before, and not surprisingly, Golden Rice Express didn't let me down. The food was...okay. I've had better. The shrimp, however, both fried (separately) and within the House Special Combo, was very good. And the delivery was super fast. They said 45 minutes, which didn't shock or disappoint me,  but it took roughly 20 minutes, for which, I tipped bigger. The nice delivery guy said it was slow on that Sunday night. Well, it was slow at my house, as well, or I wouldn't have been ordering the takee outee.I try to be as detailed as possible, but everything was so average, that I really can't add too much, especially since I didn't visit their establishment.Overall, if I absolutely must order Chinese food, and I've had a few - i.e. I'm not driving anywhere, including the superior Panda Express, I'll get them again. Only, you should wait until payday. Otherwise, with delivery costs, taxes, tipping and their policy on ordering $15+, you might as well get a payday loan prior to ordering from them.
4	I've been going to Golden Rice for quite some time.  My Mom introduced me while she worked nearby back when I was in high school.She used to order me the sweet and sour chicken noodle bowl.  Freaking amazing.  How do they get their chicken fried like that?I eventually started ordering other things.  Their egg foo yong is the best I've tasted.  You can't really go wrong with anything on their menu.  Their fried rices are really good.
4	Sesame Chicken is always my default choice from this spot!
4	I've gone to this place several times for their 3 combination plate.  I always get the seseame chicken with the fried rice and add $2.00 worth of shrimp.  It's the best I've had since I've been here in Phoenix.  I've also order shrimp fried rice and love it.  Great place, decor not that great but very good food.  Will continue going there.
4	The pork egg foo young was fantastic and the service is quick and friendly a must try again.
5	Had been eating here for over a year, the food is always cook Fresh.  I am surprised this restaurant been here for over 17 years. That is a good sign.
3	Ordered chicken chow fun for lunch today. Flavor was good but a little lacking as well as a bit on the greasy side. Came out to about $8 and the serving size could probably feed two.
2	We decided to go here instead of eating out.  We walked in and placed our orders of what we wanted.  I said the house special chicken meal and she ordered the orange chicken meal.  We were pretty specific with what we wanted.  A few times he asked us, but we kept explaining to make sure he got it right...After paying $40 for the food and walking out, we headed home and opened the food to see that all the orders were wrong.  No house special chicken at all. and the orange chicken could serve a small child only.Pretty unhappy, we called and they guy on the phone said we didn't order the meals, but only the individual servings.  Are you kidding??   I didn't think this was Panda Express.  They delivered and while we wanted them to do that, I decided I just didn't want to deal with them again.The food we did eat was ok.. nothing amazing.
4	I love Kung pao chicken here. They have authentic menu options and authentic food. It's fast food style so not a huge focus in ambience but food is great, fam owned, Chinese cook!
4	I really like this place a lot for so many reasons. One it is right outside my complex and two the food is yummy but best of all the portions are very good. I love the pork fried rice with shrimp chop suey and the fried shrimp is very delish too. The staff is always so friendly and helpful plus they deliver for those days I can't even move because of pain :)
3	We did take out. I ordered from their on-line menu, and said when I 'd be there to pick it up. It was hot, ready, and exactly what we ordered, and it tasted as expected.  For the amount of food we got, we were able to make 5 meals, which means that the $25.00 price was a fair bargain.
2	This is the second time I have eaten here.  It is just ok.  It accomplished what I set out to do...eat fast, eat cheap, eat Chinese, and counter-service.  Mission accomplished.I order the 2 item lunch combo of Chicken w/ veggies, S/S Chicken and white rice. There was no soda fountain, only canned soda. I opted for water. I was give a 6 oz styrofoam coffee cup filled with ice and water poured from a plastic bottle. The total was like $5 or $6 bucks plus I tipped a $1.Bathroom is ok...light switch was dirty and seat was left up. Food came out ok time wise; piping hot and this place had NO A/C.  So I lost weight sweating while eating lunch. ugh.The food tasted ok. Not great; not the worst (like buffet). I like the S/S sauce, so that was a plus.  I got a HUGE mound of white rice, which I could not eat all of, and all but one piece of broccoli could not be chewed though.  A knife might have been a nice to have, but none was offered. I would probably go back in WINTER for my next visit.
2	Ok so this was my first time going here. I had always seen this place since I've lived in Glendale for so long but I never ventured inside. My total meal cost was about $11 for a two item combo with chow mein and six crab puffs. Teriyaki chicken- This is more like a sweet soy sauce chicken. The sauce was not very thick at all. The chicken came in huge chunksKung pao chicken- Wasn't very good at all. It had a lot of water chestnuts and what looked like very minced up meat. Was not spicy one bit. Chow mein- Tasted like it has been cooking in a pan that has been used over and over and over again. Lots of carbon or charcoal type taste like if it came off a barbecue grill. Crab puffs- These barely had any cream cheese or "crab" I couldn't believe how most of the times I would bite into one and there would be barely anything in it at all. Overall I will definitely not be going back here again it was really sloppy really greasy and didn't come as expected. The only reason why I gave it a two star rating is because the guy on the phone was actually able to comprehend English when taking my order. Great and now my stomach started to hurt!
4	Love the fresh steamed broccoli and chicken at this place! The food is always piping hot and neatly packed up when I pick up my to-go order. Food is always ready fast.  The owners are sweethearts too :)
