5	the best church ive ever been to.  i started going to the providence h.s. location about 3 years ago.  the music and teaching is great and the people are wonderful. this is where my friends go and this is where i go when im not going to one of the other loctions
5	On fire for the Lord! The Team at Elevation really gets it! Was starting to wonder if I would ever find a Church here I could get excited about after moving to Charlotte. 8 weeks and a dozen Churches later, really thankful for the suggestion from the Starbucks dude.
3	Okay, for the audience they are aiming for, this church is amazing.  Unfortunately, it's not for me.  They set up a very youthful "rock concert' experience and make it a point to make you feel like the "VIP" when you first arrive.  I personally can only take this type of environment in small doses, and although the talent is very impressive, I feel like they spend too much time on the entertainment factor.  I didn't feel like I ever got the chance to be reverent with the constant audio and visual stimulation.  There weren't too many opportunities to be prayerful or reflect on the passages presented.  The minister is very good at what he does, but the environment doesn't feel like a church, and I'm sure that's what most people love about it - just not me.
5	DIG IT.
5	I have been going to this location with the boyfriend for about a year and a half... I jokingly refer to the beginning of the worship service as a rock concert with Jesus sprinkles... :) The music team does a great job, getting people pumped up with praise...  They even provide ear plugs... It goes hard inside the sanctuary, dude... Seriously.I love the overall experience... The messages are thought-provoking... You're challenged, but not judged... It makes you wonder how you can be better without making you feel badly because you're not already there...  The app rocks... You can go back and listen to all (yep, all) of the previous sermons, there's a blog from Pastor Steven and ways to connect to the church website, Facebook page or Twitter handle.The financials are accounted for with an annual report, but if you ever have any questions, you can pull it up online from the church website... Transparency in this area is really important to me, so I appreciate that... They also send you receipts for tax purposes toward the end of the year or at your request... We love it here so if you're open to a new experience, give it a whirl...
5	I enjoy going to the church service and the rock concert is pretty cool. I'm yelping about it because it's worth going to check it out. The first time experience is good for every person!
5	They treat you as a VIP. Literally, If its your 1st time you get treated like a celebrity. It was amazing!
5	You know, I have never been to this church but have seen a lot of the worships songs on YouTube and was really taken in.  The song " Give Me Faith" has really been an impact on me and my life and I really enjoy listening to it over and over.  I can feel the presence of the Lord while I sing to the song.  Keep doing what you do and thank you for your service to God the Father.
5	Love it. Has changed my family's lives forever. I love the practical application of the bible and I think my kids love going as much as we do.
5	Words cannot even begin to express thelove if have for Elevation.  This church had become my favorite event each week. I look forward to church, I truly believe just recently that God, our lord Jesus had brought my here to Charlotte 700 miles away from home just to get closer to him. I moved to Charlotte, and just being closer to God and being in his presence has made me a much better person and closer to God.  Elevation church is the best thing in my life, I thank God each day for the pastors and their families that make this church my home church. God is awesome.
4	First time church goer. Not just this church, but any church. That's a long story for another time. My family and I were invited to attend service by a friend, and we are glad we decided to go. Fortunately, I asked Michelle in advance if I should wear a tie, because otherwise I would have been the only guest wearing one. When we pulled in, there was a sign telling us to turn our flashers on if we were there for the first time. We were immediately ushered into VIP parking, and everyone we drove past greeted us with a wave and a smile. After parking, we were approached by Isabel, who greeted us and handed us information about the church. We met up with our friends, we found seats in a rapidly filling room that looked more like a concert venue than a church. I read reviews from other Yelpers, so I expected loud music and bright lights. I wasn't ready for the mediacentric spectacle before us though. I won't go into details about the service, other than to say I was intrigued my the energy level on stage and in the audience We had a great time, we will have to decide whether this is the church for us, or if any church is in our future. We loved the experience though!
5	Love this church. Pastor Steve always has a great message. I love the diversity at this church and praise and worship is really good. Just make sure you there early, it gets packed here. The online streaming and podcasts are routinely updated also so you can stay current with the current series.
