5	I can only say James Craig is AMAZING!!! He was the DJ for my daughter's recent wedding and he absolutely made the event! He was funny, professional engaged the crowd. Just could not have been better. He handled weather (rain), food delay and every curve ball with grace and humor. He was so good in fact one of the guests wants him for her son's wedding !! I highly recommend James for your most important events!
5	I booked James from Envision Entertainment for our wedding, and he was very prompt in making a time to meet with us.  He met us at a convenient location, came laptop in-hand with checklists and song suggestions so we could jump right into planning how our wedding would be, and he was very encouraging and gentle about how to effectively enjoy my event without becoming a crazy, overbearing bridezilla.  He was specific enough to understand the tone we wanted to set and the type of guests that would be present, and it fit perfectly when the day came.  He had some really fun event activities (i totally suggest the bride/groom paddle question thing) that entertained our guests and helped everyone enjoy their experience.  He was flexible when the schedule got tweaked, and he was great about communicating with us about timelines as well as reading the crowd.  I'd suggest James in a heartbeat!
1	DO NOT go with this guy - James Craig! We thought we were in good hands with James Craig but boy were we wrong on so many levels!! First red flag was when he stood us up for our first meeting - great first impression... he gave us some excuse of being in a meeting across town? Then our wedding coordinator called us up 2 month BEFORE our scheduled wedding date to let us know that he skipped town along with 12 other couples money that was PAID IN FULL!!! We have no idea where this creep is! We tried calling the cops on him but we would have to take him to civil court to get anything back?! He claimed he was registered with the American DJ Association... bull crap!! We called them up and they said they never heard of a James Craig!! Don't go with this company or anyone one by this name!!! He is BAD news!!! Don't believe what you read on wedding wire either... this guy is BAD BAD NEWS!!!!! Save yourself the head and heartache of dealing with James Craig.
