1	I visited this store tonight, because I had a coupon from the local paper.  The sign on the wall says that as a customer I will receive exceptional service but I didn't receive that.  The music blaring from the broken speaker was so loud customers were cupping their hand to their ears to try to hear the workers.  I even told them I was sorry I couldn't hear them because of the music but nothing was done.  I asked for coffee ice cream but they were out of it....then I asked for a waffle cone and they were out and when I finally chose the special promoted on the poster hanging in 2 areas she said "that takes a while to make".  The young girl helping me wasn't helpful with other suggestions when I told her it was my first visit, and seemed to hate where she was as much as her co-worker (who glared at two people as they left and the customer who had to drive back for part of his order that didn't make it into the bag the first time).  When I handed my ID and credit card to the girl helping me, the guy she was working with leaned over her shoulder at it.  When he looked up and I was looking directly at him, he said "sorry".  I said "what are you sorry about?" and the girl said "he always says that" and laughed.  The only time I saw a smile was as I was paying and the tip jar was moved out of/in my way as I signed the receipt.  I immediately looked up for the Candid Camera show that had to be filming....no such luck.  We just will not return.
1	went in for a smoothie, only to be told no bannanas . its like a hamburger joint without cheese. young girl working behind the counter. she lacks communication skills.
1	I thought this chain was supposed to be relatively upscale compared to DQ, etc, but tables were dirty. Behind counter looked dirty and sticky. My little boy grabbed a used spoon on one of the tables and tried some leftover melted ice cream. Yuk. After dowsing him thoroughly w disinfectant, we overcame the sticky floors to get out of there.
3	The two reviews before mine are accurate with the service.. The manager needs to step up and handle their employees. Training, something.. I have never seen anyone older than 18 working behind the counter.   If you don't want to wait come in the morning and get your ice cream to go, store it in the freezer for the nights dessert. Otherwise like stated before expect to wait and the manager doesn't plan for busy summer nights at all. Usually only two employees working busting their butts to fill orders.Now for the rest of the review that the other two are lacking. The ice cream itself. Around this neck of the woods you only have baskin robins, golden spoon, and DQ. I think the ice cream itself here is a lot better than the other locations. It's tasty and have a lot of options. I recommend the cookie doughn't you want some and have them add Oreo into the mix. Buy the pint size.. You get a lot more than two large or "got to have it" and it's cheaper than buying two.
3	Went yesterday, the guys working were nice enough but it looks a little dirty behind the counter. There is really limited seating, but you wouldn't want to sit there anyway because the table can be sticky. Also, the person serving me asked me if I wanted a lid, I said yes, and then he proceeded not to give it to me. The service is a little odd up here
2	Ice cream was yummy & made to perfection. Unfortunately the service was awful we waited almost 15 mins. For service while one clerk waited on customers. The other two clerks stood around and talked. Until the clerk finally asked for help. The area around the waffles and cakes were not the cleanest.
1	Wow is all I can say. Slow slow and oh yeah extra slow. These people are extra slow. Ok, so I used a cheat day from my diet and went here to get some yummy goodness. Well, the ice cream was divine but the service I got made me feel like I will never return here. I guess that's a plus because I don't need to cheat on my diet anyway. Look I have a problem when people huff and puff and wonna blow my house down because I placed an order. I asked the lady to remake my order because she huffed and puffed all over my ice cream. The 2nd time around she just rolled her eyes a million times. She did not wash her hands and naw ugh hell naw I wont return.
3	I will give it 3 Stars the new staff are very professional kind and move with the speed of a Chester cat lol unlike the old staff...Also the place is spotless.
3	The only review I have for this place is in regards to their service. Cold Stone's ice cream is just standard so there's really not much to review about that. The people that work behind the counter is a hit or miss when it comes to customer service. It just depends on whether or not they're having a minute the second you walk in lol.
3	The hubby and I stopped by around 8:30 at night. Upon pulling up, we seen that the line was almost out the door. Determined to get some ice cream, I insisted on going in and waiting in line. It took about 15 minutes to get our order, but the place was jam packed so the wait was to be expected.  All the employees were doing their best to keep the line down. I ordered the smallest size, "like it", and the employee actually gave me the next size up at no charge because she said she grabbed too much ice cream. There's very little seating at this location,  and the available tables were dirty. But to be fair,  if all hands were on deck making orders, whose left to clean up? We chose to get our order to-go. I'm a fan of Cold Stone's ice cream.  I'm accustomed to the long lines. But to me, it's worth waiting to get me some "All lovin' no oven".
1	Kinda gross... This short girl with glasses was working the register and handling the money. She then proceeded to make my ice cream WITHOUT WASHING HER HANDS. I definitely don't recommend coming here.
2	Talk about COLD.  2 stars.This was one of the worst Cold Stone's I've been to.  I stopped coming to Cold Stone a long time ago because the ice cream is just way too overpriced for your serving.  At our wedding we had a 'mock' Cold Stone station setup, and it cost us less per person and tasted just as good.  Plus it was all-you-can-eat!  I rock the buffet that way, even at me own wedding.  We are in Las Vegas after all.The store was super busy I'm guessing because it was a hot summer night.  Line was nearly out the door.  The wait was just too long, and they had four people behind the counter taking orders and 'creating' ice cream treats.  It took a good 20 minutes to finally reach the front where someone would finally greet us.Did I mention the inside of the store was HOT?  Like damn, it's an ice creamery, is your AC not on?  Fans were going but it felt like warm air was circulating the entire place.  Only place that looked cool was inside the actual ice cream coolers.  Surprisingly and thankfully the ice cream wasn't melting on us.It was a while since we'd been there so our order consisted of something the three of us (Wifey, lil' one, and I) could share.  We stuck with a Love It size (their largest) of one of Cold Stone's signature creations, the Strawberry Banana Rendezvous.  Sounds sexy...but well, it wasn't.  Lactose Viagra couldn't help this flavor get it on.Why was this flavor so flaccid you ask?  Lets start with our Cold Stone flavor creator.  Our person was obviously new because when we placed our order, she had NO clue how to make it.  She constantly looked over our shoulder at the signature menu to find the ingredients.  No big deal I say.  Here's where it gets silly.  She starts with the strawberry ice cream base, adds a little serving of graham cracker pie crust, and literally (LITERALLY) two small strawberries.  She screws up and adds regular chocolate chips instead of the required WHITE chocolate chips.  I mention her mistake and she apologizes.  I tell her nevermind we've been waiting in line too long so she can just proceed.  She runs to the back, gets a SUPER GREEN banana and continues to cut it into chunks in front of us and add it to our creation.  I had to stop her there.  "Miss, you realize that you are putting an under ripe green banana into our ice cream.""Sorry, I don't eat bananas so I don't know how they taste."Holy $h!+balls....are you serious?  Don't eat bananas?  Have you even eaten Cold Stone ice cream?  Pretty sure they should teach you how to create items and how they should taste.  At this point I'm near fuming.  She takes out the green banana from our ice cream, looks for a less green banana (the one she finds still has a hint of green), cuts it up and puts it back in our ice cream.  Now the ice cream is melting thanks to it sitting on the marble too long in a warm room.  She finishes mashing our creation together and puts it in a cup.I'm at the counter and our Strawberry Banana Rendezvous is turning into a milkshake.  I look in disgust and pay the lady.  Nearly $8!  8 friggin' dollars!  No wonder half these places closed down when the economy turned sour, total luxury buy.  I'm better off going to Albertson's when Blue Bell goes on sale for $4 a half gallon.We get outside to sit and eat our 'creation'.  For three people, it was hardly shareable.  There just wasn't much ice cream even in its largest sized cup.  I could have eaten the 'Love It' size by myself.  Tasty?  I think not!  Strawberry Banana Rendezvous left me hangin'.  Ice cream was runny, graham cracker crust got soggy, dark chocolate chips didn't match well.  Strawberry pieces were SOUR!  I hate that.  Hate it.  Banana?  Not.  Sweet.  At. All.  In fact, our ice cream had a tinge of that under ripe bitter banana taste to it because of the green banana our person put in our ice cream before she fished it back out.  I finished the last of it just so we didn't have to take it home. Utter and total disappointment.  Waste of time and money this go round.From now on I will go back to the freezer section and choose from the hundreds of better tasting ice cream available to me for an even better bargain.  Experience at Cold Stone Creamery has left me frozen.  Frozen?  Frozen.
1	I was in here the other day  when i went in the store wasn't overly busy there was a man  in a blue cold stone shirt i think i heard some one address him as jake he did not great me upon my arrival and he also ignored me when i walked up to place my order he kept speaking to the girls in front of me who already had there ice cream and had paid he was flirting with them and said what i feel to be a few inappropriate terms he finally finished talking to them after about 10 mins i then placed my order he was very short with me and rushed me along i will not be going back to this location and i will be filling a corporate complaint.
1	Seriously how hard is it?  You sell premade icecream that you chop up and put in a little cup.  Suggestion:  Before you leave someone alone at the counter make sure they have some sort of idea what the menu consists of.  Or, turn the fucking music down a few decibels so you can hear what people are ordering.  Or, or...  and ffs how is this not your main concern...  ask if someone has finished their order before moving to another customer.  If you weren't selling cold stone ice cream I'm pretty sure you'd be bankrupt.  Get your business under control.
5	I really like cold stones. This place is always busy and there isn't much seating though. I usually get it to go, so it doesn't matter to me. The staff is always friendly, but the prices are a little high. It's nice to have one so close.
4	I always get cheesecake ice cream in a color sprinkle waffle cone with cheesecake bites mixed in. My order is always right and they let me try all of the free samples I want. Plus the store is clean. A little pricey but well worth the splurge
