3	Okay, so the place where I really wanted to stay was booked.  But I am a fan of Marriott and I have never met a Marriott that I didn't like!!  Until now.This place was decent.  We got off to a bad start, because I don't like parking in an underground garage, so I coughed up my keys for valet parking.  Thirty minutes later, my car was still looking lonely sitting out front, with maniac after maniac trying to side swipe it.  The injustice of this all!!!  I want my car parked right away, where I don't have to see what bad could be happening to it.  Not right under my 5th floor balcony!!  So, I goes down to get my keys.  Wouldn't you know, they couldn't find them!!!  That explains why it's still parked out front.  Five or 10 minutes later, they manage to find my keys and don't even offer a free drink to get me over such trauma!  The nerve!  Then I had to park it myself, without hitting a concrete pole.Anyway, I am a patient person, so I forget such nonsense.  Until I ask for directions to the trolley.  Do hotel people not know that they are here to accommodate tourists?  How could you possibly not know where I can catch the stinking, stupid trolley?Okay, about my room.  Big enough for me and 3 new friends.  Not that I measured.  But it was a suite, after all.  Cute little couch, cute little side chair, cute little coffee table, cute little desk, cute little office chair, cute little wet bar, cute little balcony, big TV.  Much more enjoyable to stand on said balcony, when my car isn't parked under neath, trying to get hit.  Big bathroom, cute shower stall and a nice big bath tub to accommodate 2 new friends.  Not that I measured.  Big bed.  Mirrored wall behind big bed.  Another TV.  The room could use a refresh, maybe just a replacement on that carpet.  Good location, nice bar and restaurant.  All in all, a decent value for the price.Then I get my bill.  Wouldn't you know, they charged me for valet parking.  So, I had to stop by the front desk and tell them to remove it.  Which was another ordeal.  So much for Express Checkout!!!  Mr. Marriott, you need to check out what they are doing to your good name at the Scottsdale Marriott Old Town Suites.  Marriott is my favorite hotel chain inspite of this location.  Whip those people into shape.  I have faith that you will do this.  Thanks and have a good day.
5	Fantastic location, close to everything.  The rooms were recently completely redecorated and in good taste.  Our wedding party and guests from the US and Canada stayed several nights at the hotel, in all we had over 20 rooms.  The guests chose to stay at this hotel for its location and updates.  They were very pleased with all of the services, friendliness of the staff  and the rooms.  The front desk quickly gave directions to nearby and further afar destinations they wanted to visit and provided taxis to the wedding in Paradise Valley.  Couldn't have asked for more from the negotiated rates down to the actual event.  Terrific experience and it's the best location in Old Town Scottsdale.
5	Great place the staff are all warm and I am greeted by everyone even the valet guys.  The rooms are clean and the cleaners are meticulous.  I have stayed at this place for 8 nights so far and I am now a happy Marriott member.  I can care less about all the amenities, they are nice though, and more about the reception you get and the feeling of importance (yeah, I admit it's nice!) when you arrive and are walking about the lobby.  I recommend a stay here for any business traveler looking to be treated right!
4	Wow.  Julie D. must not drive much.  Or travel.  I find this hotel just fine.I was greeted by a very friendly person who was willing to valet my car.  I could have parked it- I'm not scared of parking garages, but I like valet convience.  No issues with the guy parking the car, or getting it back in the mornings.  Service was quick and friendly.The rooms are nice.  Very spacious.  Nice lay-out.  Nice balcony.  Nice big TVs. The room was very clean, and maintained well during my stay.  The front desk folks were very friendly.  I checked in and out with no issues.  Very speedy.The breakfast is good.  Buffett is OK, but a bit pricey.  menu items are a better option...  Pool is nice, and the work out room is pretty hotel-standard.  But it works.  I'd come back.
4	The hubby and I stayed here while on a weekend getaway. This hotel was great! When we pulled up there were two guys out front ready and willing to valet. They told us to leave the luggage in the car and they would have the bellhop bring it up to our room (which he did promptly). The people at the front desk were very friendly and offered us cookies and fruit infused water (which we declined). After easily checking in we went to the room and it was very, very nice. There was a living room area complete with sofa bed, flat screen TV, desk, and wet bar. We walked through the french doors and there was the lovely bedroom with a king sized bed, another flat screen TV, and dresser. The bathroom was large and allowed for plenty of privacy. The bath tub and shower were separate (not that I would use a bath tub in a hotel room). The room was very clean as was the rest of the hotel. The decor was modern and warm. The whole staff was great and very accommodating. They really make sure you are comfortable and have everything you need. We had left overs and wanted to reheat them but there was no microwave in the room (just a refrigerator). When we called the front desk and asked if there was a microwave we could use they quickly brought one to the room for our use. The staff quickly answered our call for more towels and gave us an umbrella when it rained friday......and did it all with a smile. That's what I call service. I would definitely stay here again.
4	I've stayed at this hotel A TON for work. I've been there since before they had a recent renovation and the outcome was great.The bad? They started charging for both Valet, Self-Park and Guest Parking.They've screwed up a few times over obvious items but they were quick to correct it to my satisfaction - which is the best anyone can ask for.There are sometimes a few staff members which seem to have an IQ that is room temperature (keep in mind the A/C is on) but once you can navigate around those, all else generally goes well.During the summer the rates are fantastic but during the winter, even with my corporate rate, I'm not impressed by what they think they can charge...
4	Stayed here for a night while in town. Walking access to downtown Scottsdale. Suites are great and the prices were extremely reasonable. The room is separated (sitting area/bedroom)....Wet bar, work desk, coach, fee for internet, separate bathtub/shower and vanity, accessible balcony. Underground parking with valet available. Self Parking at $10 per day. 2 flat screen LCDs. Starbucks coffee with pastries available from their breakfast station (fee). WiFi (fee). Had some pluming issues but the staff was extremely responsive and solved issues to our satisfaction. Will stay here again!!
5	We relocated to here. Rooms were fantastic, loved being within walking distance to Old Town, and the bed was good! Staff was always pleasant and helpful. A great place to stay!
4	CONSISTENT OL' MARRIOTTBest location on 3rd street and walking distance to everything.  Smallish lobby for a Marriott, and although you get a consistent Marriott product, for some reason, this is one of my least favorite of all I've stayed.  The price point is always high compared to surrounding hotels, and only in a pinch do I stay here when traveling.  After all, I do love the Rewards!
4	I stayed at this hotel in Scottsdale numerous times over years, from 2001-2006. Each time was a very good experience. The rooms are very, very quiet. Not too spacious, but comfy nonetheless. The beds are very very soft and I sleep very well. The buffet for breakfast is a little pricey (as are all restaurants in most hotels) but very good. They have a nice bar with a good happy hour. The bar tenders are usually very friendly and can provide excellent information/tips about nearby restaurants and directions. The pool area is nice, large pool, usually quite cool.I've stayed in other hotels in Scottsdale and I like this one the best, for what you pay. Tips: If you go during the winter, prices usually go up (due to all the snowbirds coming to Arizona). If you go in March or April, expect to pay a lot more, Spring Training for Major League Baseball is held close to this area and hotel room vacancies are hard to find, hence the increase in price.
1	Under construction!!!  The hotel and downtown Scottsdale!  Was awoken @ 3 am to the sound of heavy equipment and @ 4 am the jackhammering began.  It maybe okay again in the future but I would avoid staying here for the next several months.
4	Great hotel and great staff, but you get charged $12 for Internet.
4	Location, Location, Location. We stayed here while in town to watch the Giants in Spring training. It's a stones throw away from any night time activities and restaurants, as well as the park itself. Go Giants!
4	This is an updated version of the old Marriott Suites model that they brought out years ago. There are two rooms. Bedroom and living room. The bathroom has a tub and a separate shower which is nice. As far as hotels go I would rate it as very good to excellent. Probably leaning towards excellent. The location is perfect. Right in the middle of Scottsdale old town. The staff was very friendly and helpful.
4	I travel often to Scottsdale for work, and have stayed in many of the nice hotels and standard business spots in the area: The Butes, Camelback Inn, Residence Inn, Courtyard, etc... and Marriott Old Town Suites is, by far, my favorite.The location is hard to beat - right smack in the middle of Old Town within walking distance to all the great restaurants and bars and literally only 2 minutes from the Fashion Mall and Riverfront. For functionality, there is a Fry's and CVS two blocks east, so you can easily get any essentials and highway access is only a couple miles east to the 101. So convenient! The staff is always extremely accommodating, and have always gone out of their way to make my stay enjoyable: fresh cookies at the counter, sending a microwave to my room, maintenance responding in less than 5 minutes to any issues with the a/c, helping me extend my reservation when travel plans change, offering to keep bags locked in their office when I needed to check out but wasn't heading to the airport until the evening... on and on... they will bend over backwards for you.The breakfast buffet is always good - a nice reliable hot meal to start the day - well prepared eggs (with salsa - it IS Arizona after all), french toast, pancakes, bacon, sausage, bagels, pastries, fruit, hot oatmeal, cereals, and custom order omelets if you like...The rooms are clean and beautiful - separate marble bath and shower (with rain shower head... nice!) granite counter tops vanity mirror, mini fridges, separate sitting area with couch and desk desk which you can close off from the bedroom, super comfortable bed completely covered in lots of down covers and pillows - like sleeping in a cloud - and a nice robe in the closet for lounging around after you take advantage of the soaking tub. Also, they provide bath and body works orange-ginger bath products - nice quality stuff that smells amazing. The recently renovated gym is fully equipped - treadmills, bikes, weights, machines, exercise balls, yoga mats... it is a full mini gym, not those single treadmill in front of a mirror tricks some hotels put on their sites to make you think there is a gym onsite - this is the real deal. All of the machines are new and maintained properly. When I stay here, I have no issues with getting my morning workouts in and staying on track.This is my top pick of places to stay when I visit Scottsdale for work - even over the JW Marriott Resort Camelback Inn... the combination of location, amenities, and convenience just can't be beat for me.
3	We stay at a lot of different Marriotts due to a family member that can provide discounts.  The public rate for this hotel (Feb. 2013) was $259/night.  Definitely not worth it.  The layout of the room was weird and a little run down.  The bathroom is in two sections with three doors - gotta make sure you close them all before using the potty!  Shower stall was kind of small, bathroom sink counter was small and cramped and then a ton of space in front of the bathtub - it's just a weird layout.  The bed was devine though!  Fresh cookies in the lobby at 5pm - don't miss them - they are so tasty.  Great service in the bar and the outside lounge area was very comfortable and relaxing with modern firepits.  Very close to Old Town Scottsdale to walk to shops and restaurants.
3	We came here for breakfast in Old Town. Great location in Old Town but breakfast was average. Seems to be pretty nice.
4	Room was nice for a Marriott...It had a separate living room and bedroom. They do have Valet parking, but save your money. There is street parking surrounding the hotel, we never had a problem finding a spot. The surrounding area seemed safe, not worried about leaving car on street overnight. It was walkable to all the nearby restaurants and bars...I have always stayed at the higher end hotels in Scottsdale, but now don't really see the point of paying double the price per night. Marriott you served me well!
4	We live in a charming mountainous town about a hour and a half from Phoenix. And the Marriott is our hotel of choice when we escape for some city action. We've stay at a couple of other places but the Marriott is a great value for a comfortable hotel.The suite style rooms are well maintained. They are spacious with modest decor. The king size bed is very comfortable. I like that the bedroom doors separate the sitting area. The hotel is walking distance from all the nightclubs and a variety of eateries with is definitely a plus. We are kind of a regular there and the staff is vet nice.Tip: AAA members get a discount and parking is about $10 a night.
4	My room was huge. Whenever I stay in a hotel with a room larger than my apartment I feel a little sad, but then soak up all the space like a mad woman. The location was very convenient to my Scottsdale office and there is a ton to walk to within a mile radius. The fitness center was small but had adequate and nice equipment and was very clean. It was silent in my room and every team member I interacted with was extremely nice. I'll definitely stay here again next time I am in Scottsdale. DFTBA ~ chase
3	I usually stay at Marriott hotels and booked this place for a few nights and for a meeting.  The outside area around the fire pits are very nice but the inside bar area is very small.  Service was great - I arrived a few hours prior to check in but was able to get my room.  The meeting space was good and the food/service was also good.  It is nice to have some extra space in your room but aside from that not any better than a standard Marriott hotel.
5	good place to stay excellent service
3	If your looking for a nice big clean room, this  is the place for you. The bed was soft wht plenty of pillows for your comfort. Water closet was clean and we loved the available personal items. Love the rooms.However all is not golden. The woman at the concierge was of no help. Her phone was always busy, so we would have to go down to her desk for info. Funny thing was that I NEVER witnessed her on the phone. Perhaps it's all timing. The wi-fi here is also a problem. The only fix I found was to search and use the internet signal from next-door. Not all is dreary either.The gym and pool are too notch as is the housekeeping staff. Old Town us a short walk as is a tin of eateries. Nice place, just perhaps not for us.
5	I rented five rooms here for a bachelor party golf trip. It is a very nice hotel in a great location, within walking distance to many restaraunts, bars, and shops. It is clean and features modern furnishings, a recently remodeled lobby, and an incredibly friendly and attentive staff.
5	I've stayed at this property at least 20 times. I'm a Platinum Marriott kinda guy, and this is one of my favorite properties in the country. Everything desirable is within walking distance. The staff is expertly trained to be courteous, professional and efficient. The breakfast is superb. Although the hotel is centrally located in Old Town, they have several intimate courtyards that effectively provide that Arizona feel. The pool area is very well maintained, the workout room is above average, the suites are clean and well maintained, and having a veranda attached to the room is always a nice touch. I hope my praises don't make it harder to get a room here, but I had to spread the word. They deserve it.
4	Nice, clean, comfortable, excellent location.   $14 valet parking.  $10 self serve parking.   Chocolate chip cookies are offered at the front desk around dinner time.  That's a nice touch.  Didn't like that they charge for wifi.
5	I thought this place was great! The rooms were huge and the beds were very comfortable. There's a small balcony which is nice. Plus having two separate rooms was great to watch tv while my girlfriend napped. Perfect place to watch a sporting event is definitely at the bar that has several TVs including a huge 72+ inches (id say) that is behind the bartender. Overall property is great. The location if this place is great. It is right in the middle of old town so everything is in walking distance including two banks ( Wells Fargo and Chase Bank). My only complaint would be the parking situation. They don't really offer too much on site parking without an additional charge.  So I got a stain on my shirt in my suitcase and the front desk agent gave me some laundry detergent and dryer sheets so I could was my shirt before wearing out that night! That really made my stay that much better!
4	Me and my family stayed at this hotel Summer 2014 and we had a great time. The service was great and the rooms were perfect for the four of us. It was a bonus to have the golf cart pick us up for free and take us around town. We will be returning soon.
4	Very nice Marriott property.Excellent service from the staff.Excellent breakfast options on the menu with good coffee.Very fast high speed internet.We were supposed to have a "mountain view" room.  We could see the mountains in the distance.  But the "view" for the first few hundred feet was not something that we wanted to look it.Self-parking is $10 and the garage is under the building (nice for arizona).
2	Very nice rooms but I knocked them down a few stars because I had requested a high floor and they gave me the second floor.  At night and very early in the morning, I could hear chairs scraping the floor.  Not just creepy, but it made me sleepless. I had to wake up early the next day for work so it wasn't the best experience. When I asked to get my room changed and complained, they didn't apologize and was only able to give me the 3rd floor.  I have to stay another night tonight so we'll see how it goes.  I'm guessing because it's not right over the kitchen,  my night might go a little better.
5	Great Marriott property conveniently located within walking distance from lots of restaurants and bars. Very clean and spacious rooms since it's an all suite hotel. Great little bar/ restaurant off of the lobby and decent gym. I walked to Starbucks and to breakfast.
