5	Mezbaan is a sensational restaurant, serving authentic South Indian cuisine. Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Mezbaan is just a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach, and with the outside of the restaurant painted a lovely bright maroon colour, it would be difficult to miss it. The Mezbaan menu offers a vast range of authentic South Indian dishes such as kebabs and dosa's (rich pancakes served with a filling). I came here for dinner several months ago with a friend and I had an absolutely beautiful meal. I had the mixed pakora's for a starter which were tasty, but my main course of Chili Beef was definitely something to write home about! The beef was cut into the tiniest slices and then fried along with peppers and onions in a chili sauce - yum! It was a pretty spicy meal, but definitely something that I would order again. The prices for the meals in Mezbaan are quite reasonable considering it is in the Tollcross area. The starters are priced at around five pounds and the main courses are more expensive at about ten to fifteen pounds - but the food is definitely worth it! Mezbaan also do takeaways and home deliveries which is incredibly handy so they get a big thumbs up from me!
4	mezbaan has a slightly upscale atmosphere. a bit o the pricier side but authentic and extremely great customer service! had the Naden Adu Curry which was absolutely amazing. the only downside is the price. for a cheaper fix for students I suggest the Kebab Mahal in Newington!
3	The food is good, but the service isn't and the venue is unlikely to impress. Is the food good enough to compensate for the shortcomings? Probably just about, but it's more of a quick dosa lunch place than an evening meal spot.Overall, we said: "Mezbaan undoubtedly serves very tasty grub, but the overall restaurant experience feels a little odd. They definitely need to do something about the look of the place, as it feels unfinished. And given that the food they serve is likely to be at least somewhat unfamiliar to many of their customers, their service needs to be entirely more accurate and confident, as I won't be alone in seeking to rely upon recommendations from the waiters. Despite these shortcomings, I'd still recommend that you pay Mezbaan a visit, as their food is definitely worth the trip."
1	Sad to say I have to disagree with all the other reviewers about how great this place is.   the restaurant gets two points for the food but ive docked another because of my "lost umbrella" and ehh service. We went to the restaurant and they told us to come back in 15 minutes because they dont have any seats open. Ok, so we go to the bar next door, grab a drink and come back in 20 minutes.  Still no seat available. By this time, I'm super hungry and about to fall over. But we wait.  Another 20 minutes pass and FINALLY we get seated.We ordered the overpriced thali and the salmon tikka., tomato rice and naan.  Naan was fine, salmon tikka was horribly fishy.  Thali was okay but wayyy overpriced.  Its  essentially a hodgepodge of different curries.   I mean $15.95 for all that?  And the tomato rice, dont get me staretd on that.  It tasted liek someone dipped all the rice into a vat of butter and handed to me on a plate. I am married to a south indian so i know whats good.  That was NOT good.  Naan was the only thing that was okay in my opinion and I saked for dry naan but again no one seemed to listen.  The icing on the top was that we left our umbrella there and were clearly the last people in the restaurant. we call the restaurant to ask to pick it up and the guy said they didnt have it.  come on really? its only an umbrella.Would i recommend to others? That would be ahem. NO.
4	Wow! Good food and cheapest lunch I've had in a long time. I had the lamb dosa that was massive and deliciously filling. I thought they were all tapas size so ordered a second, chicken/mango sauce, but when the samosa arrived I was realising I would have to ask for piggy bag. The place it self could do with a renovation at places - water damaged wall paper hanging off one wall - didn't really fit the otherwise rather posh table setting and ambience. Staff is very friendly and food comes out fast and fresh. A nice wee Indian place.
3	Semi-formal placeCheap dosas were a delightService: not so fast
4	You get a free glass of wine with 2 courses! - well yes you do!!Tasty south indian food! My goodness its coconut heaven! Lovely foodNice atmosphere and service was spot on !
5	2nd time in this restaurant - love coming here.Cannot fault it- spot on.Chilled, relaxed and such helpful staff.If you're in Edinburgh - this is definitely worth a visit. I imagine it could get busy at the weekend - so maybe worth booking a table in advance.My partner and I stay at the Prem Inn just up the road from here - so it's just a short walk for us.Thankfully after a bottle of house white, it's a short walk back too.I have not tried the dosa yet tho - I will on my next visit, got to!!
2	Dosa was thick, soft and limp. That's not how they're supposed to be - thin and crispy was the expectation. And the potato palya filling? Meh. There was also some ugly pink-colored yoghurt-based concoction on my plate. The sambar was OK, the coconut chutney left something to be desired and there was no cilantro-chile chutney, which I missed.
