5	Gina is amazing!  She used to have her floral shop in a store front on Raintree in N Scottsdale - but after years there she determined that there just wasn't that much walk in business - so, she moved her workspace to her home.  She's still doing flowers and arrangements and does an amazing job.  Every arrangement I've ever had Gina do has been gorgeous, and lasts and lasts (and the price is very reasonable) - it's really an art form!So, if you need flowers, I highly recommend Gina.  They deliver all over the valley (pretty sure of this).
5	I totally agree with Bill.  I've been using Floral Impressions for the past 6 or 7 years.  Although I don't send flowers now as often as I used to, every time my wife receives flowers from them, she (and her coworkers) love the arrangement.  The flowers also last for a decent time (about a week).  I've tried other florists over the years, and Floral Impressions outshines them all.
5	Amazing Florist Use em http://pinterest.com/pin/47498971040424292/
5	I received two of the loveliest floral masterpieces ever from Floral Impressions. Highly recommend this local artist.
5	Hi, I have also used Floral Impressions for several years and I am extremely picky when it comes to flowers! Even when I try not to notice problems with other arrangements from other companies, they just bug me. ;)  The company I work for was close to Gina's old store front office and with 2000 employees; a lot of arrangements were delivered on a regular basis.  Discerning women could always tell though when an arrangement delivered to the security desk was from Floral Impressions.  There is just a WOW factor that other florists don't have.  Gina is very detailed oriented and so easy to work with.  She is the only florist I trust enough to just tell her what colors/look I want and feel confident that she will create a perfect arrangement without me getting more involved.  Floral Impressions is the only florist I use and everyone I have referred to over the just loves her too.
5	I needed to order some flowers on short notice and saw numerous five star reviews, so I gave them a call.  I spoke with Gina who was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about which direction to go, and being as I am your "typical guy" ... I really needed the assistance.I placed my order around 2pm and they were delivered by 4pm just as promised with no issues whatsoever.  Let me just tell you that the recipient absolutely loved them.I will definitely be back the next time I need to order flowers.
5	Gina does truly amazing work. I ordered a centerpiece of spring flowers and not only was it beautiful, but it is by far the most perfect arrangement I've ever purchased. Thanks Gina for a fabulous job.
5	Gina is amazing.  I am very impressed with everything she does. Her arrangements are different than anyone else's.  I am very picky and I know my flowers and for the price and the quality, Gina is the best in the valley.  Make sure Gina is the one to do your flowers and only Gina. The flowers also come delivered tied with two gorgeous organza bows and the whole arrangement is wrapped in cellophane so it is a beautiful presentation.  I can also write whatever I want on a card and Gina will write it, even if it takes two or three cards, she will do it, no 20 word limits.
5	Just had some gorgeous sunflowers delivered to my mom for mothers day/welcome home. She absolutely adores them and can't stop talking about them! Gina did an amazing job and took a great deal of time during consultation to figure out the prefect fit for the occasion! Not to mention she wrote out the monster of a poem i wrote for my mom in beautiful handwriting.
5	Gina!!! This lady knows her stuff! I am SOOOOOOOOOOOOO happy and excited to show these beauties off!Today is my parents' anniversary and I wanted to get them a special floral arrangement for when they swoosh into town (crazy jetsetters that they are) for the holidays. Yesterday, my coworker suggested that I call Gina, his neighbor, because he is continually impressed with the arrangements she creates. After verifying her awesomeness based on her Yelp reviews, we gave her a call. Despite this being one of her busiest times (holidays and flowers go hand-in-hand don't they?), she took the time to speak with me, get an idea of what I was looking for (it helps to visit her website if you aren't the best at florally saying what you want, you can get an idea of some of the masterpieces she has created). After giving her my color palette, a few ideas of what I found attractive on the site, and my tight deadline, we wrapped up the call (she's VERY friendly and nice to talk to). This morning, I receive my flowers, and I can honestly say I don't remember seeing anything this beautiful and creative. She is a true artist and I will most certainly be a repeat customer.
5	I just received a bouquet from Floral Impressions last night and the flowers are GORGEOUS! It was our anniversary and my husband always sends me a nice bouquet but these... are amazing! There are some flowers in there that I haven't seen in a long time. I especially loved the lilacs, peony & hydrangea. Wow - if you are looking for an something spectacular, order from here. I would highly recommend it!
5	This shop is amazing ... They sure know how to treat their customers right by going out of their way to do the right thing!  Unfortunately, you can't say that about many other small businesses!  You rock!
5	I have been ordering from Floral Impressionsfor years now. I get so much more for my money than 1800 flowers or teleflora. I do wedding planning and always recommend them for my clients! Great value and amazing work.
