4	THE GOOD!Great Video Poker pay tables & an abundance of machines with nice, comfy chairs.Nice snack bar adjacent, serves up a really good burger on a yummy home-made bun for 5 BUX!During football games the testosterone level in this place is off the charts, looooove that!You can make some $ on VP while watching / betting on  your team / the ponies / all scores on many, many huge monitors.Not a kid in sight, ever!THE BAD!The cocktail waitresses, while very attentive, are not hot no matter how many drinks they bring you.   But we're here to make some $, right????  So it doesn't matter, RIGHT???  Riiiigggggghhhhhhhhhhht........
4	This is one of the best in Vegas. I prefer betting here they are so friendly and professional. They have teaser cards and great odds. Plus the food here is great and if you use your players card when placing bets you will receive free night stays,buffets and other great comps and giveaways. A truly old school touch of Las Vegas
4	I came to the Las Vegas Hilton sportsbook during Super Bowl weekend 2009.  I wanted to check out the prop bets and it's everything it's cracked up to be.  A solid 15 page booklet on everything from coin tosses to whether Larry Fitzgerald will catch between 150-174 yards in the first half.  It's like this place knows the reputation that precedes it.  A huge wall of monitors, mostly hd.  Betting lines are easy to read from a distance.  Ample seating but good luck on a busy weekend.  Plenty of betting counters to get people in and out.  One thing to keep in mind for tourists is that the Hilton is not on the strip but you can get there easy enough via monorail.  In a town with a lot of great sportsbooks, this one keeps pace with the elite.
3	Wow, this place is nuts.  It's massive, has every bet imaginable, is pretty old, has zero hot chicks.  Half of the big screens were wasted on horse racing in the middle of a big college football Saturday.  The best part was the video poker bar because they give you unlimited free booze for dropping a few quarters in and the selection of beer was excellent.
5	The @LasVegasHilton SUPERBOOK IS my favorite sportsbook in Las Vegas.TV's everywhere, come early to get a seat though. They have the deli & buffet right there and the tellers are friendly and professional, plus very knowledgeale.Teasers cards,prop bets,food & drink specials and more.Avoid the long lines, tiny payouts and bets NOT on the board-go to the @LasVegasHilton SUPERBOOK.
5	By far my favorite sportsbook in Vegas.  The place is huge and has tons of TVs.  A group of us do a yearly trip to Vegas for an all day College Football  Saturday.  This is our #1 choice.  Arrive early though if you want to get a seat.  Seats are large and comfy, and there's a whole bunch of them, but they fill up fast!.  There's also a deli in the back of the sports book that has really good sandwiches and burgers.  Beers are free at this sportsbook too if you're holding a bet ticket. We usually arrive aaround 8:00 a.m. and start of with some Greyhounds for Breakfast and do some JD and Cokes for Brunch.  Beers for lunch and whatever else comes by throughout the day.  Good Times!
5	Living in Las Vegas for over 17 years, one of the top questions I get asked every year is "Where is the best place to watch Football and bet on sports?".....the answer i always give them is the Las Vegas Hilton Sportsbook.  Here's why:PROS- It's the World's Largest Race & Sportsbook....."So What?"  Well, that means there are plenty of betting windows, you can bet on almost anything....seriously, World Cup Soccer, Rugby, and many other odd bets you can't find anywhere else in town.- Their Super Bowl proposition bets....this joint is known for their prop bets.  The number of prop bets is literally over 25 pages front & back!  You can get on stuff like.....who will score more points?  Kobe Bryant? or the total of the Super Bowl for both teams?- Easy access.....the sportsbook is located at the rear of the Hilton.  There is a parking lot back there that you can easily walk in, make your bet and walk back out to your car.  Most sportsbooks are a long walk to/from the parking lot.- Plenty of seats.....have you noticed how very few seats there are in most sportsbooks?  Not here....there are hundreds of seats throughout the book.- Football Central.....ahh, my favorite part of this place.  Every NFL season, they have a FREE NFL football party located inside the Hilton Theater, which acts like an extension of the sportsbook.  There are huge Hi-Def screens that show every single NFL game at one time....yes, you can watch all of them at once!  The best part?  You can find seats!  Because it's in the theater, there are over 1,000 seats in the lower level plus another 400 or so up in the balcony.  I like to bring large groups of friends here because we can always find seats and they are comfortable theater seats too!  Also, $1 Hot Dogs, $2 16 oz beers....and other food for $3-$7.  You can't beat this football party!  I did a search on Google and found this YouTube video that shows it well:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJCiy308TdQ- Location.....the Hilton is located in the center of the city, next to the convention center....so it's easy to get people from around the city to come together because it's the same drive for everyone.CONS- I seriously can't think of any.Will I return?  You bet! (no pun intended)
4	This has got to be one of my favorite sportsbooks in Vegas!! Why you ask?  Because it is LITERALLY...the WORLD'S LARGEST RACE & SPORTSBOOK!!  Can you even imagine? It's not even called a sportsbook...it's called a SPORTS SUPERBOOK!!  I didn't think it was going to be that great but I sure was wrong!!  My biggest pet peeve about sportsbooks is that you can never find a seat..but at the Hilton you will probably be able to plop your booty somewhere.  There are a ton of seats here!! You got the standard comfy chairs & then you have a ton of stools & tables.  You can also order food from some of their fast food places and then grab a seat there while you watch on their like 923756 TV screens.  There were TVs everywhere!! I was like OMG... I can't sit anywhere and watch what I want.  It was amazing!!! Also, there were a ton of betting windows.  Like a TON & there were so many different things to bet on...you can like parlay anything. Hahaha.  It was a sports betters heaven.  Plus, who can say no to free drinks?!?!? If I were to go anywhere to watch a great football game & be around a bunch of crazy sports fans..I would definitely go here!! Plus, during the reg season the Hilton has this Football Center in one of their theaters where you can watch major football games on the MEGA theater screen.  HELL YES.  It's like a football party in there!!! LOVE IT!
4	Sometimes I want to go to sportsbooks just to watch a game. No gambling necessary. However, there usually aren't a lot of seats available. That is NOT the case at the Hilton Sportsbook. There are plenty of seats and decent cocktail service. You can bet on anything from horse racing to rugby. I love it!However, the real gem of the Hilton sports betting world is the Hilton Theater that plays NFL games every Sunday during the football season. Inside the theater you will be surrounded by other football fans, many wearing their team jerseys (a rare thing in Vegas). The theater holds about 1500 people and you can high five people you just met over a near-miss TD reception. The atmosphere is friendly but competitive. The seats are comfortable. The food is decently priced (but they don't have any GF foods). The drinks DO cost money in here. They aren't free like in the regular sportsbook, but they always have at least one beer and one liquor special. I bought the plastic souvenir football with Sprite ($5.50) and purchased 3-$3 Jim Beam shots and I was a happy camper. That's still only $11 plus tip for 3 whiskey sodas. Paying for drinks is a fair trade-off for an entire room of football fans.  The theater has its own betting counter so you don't have to trek it across the casino to place bets and since it is only football, they only have football betting. No sorting through the sheets to find your teams. The main screen is huge. I would guess 20' diagonally. It plays the main event and the other screens play "lesser" games. Since I was there during the final round of playoffs, the smaller TVs had basketball instead of football since there weren't any other football games to broadcast.Outside the Theater you can purchase official jerseys and other paraphernalia including autographed merchandise. Something else that all 3 of us loved was that when we walked down on Sunday morning ALL of the dealers (except one un-fun dealer or maybe she just forgot it was Sunday) were wearing football jerseys. It was great to see that the Hilton lets the dealers have a little fun. They can be stuffy and professional looking most days, but on Sunday their outfits just scream FOOTBALL!!! which adds nicely to the atmosphere.
4	Good atmosphere and awesome to watch games there. Watched the packers beat the bears there and it was cool.
5	Great display of all the games at the theater place..but seats are theater seats...so not so comfortable by the time you get home.. esp after sitting in them 3 days in a row for MM.  Great price for beers, dogs and good use of tellers at the machines to get all our bets and 1/2 time bets in too keep the lines moving...better that the past 3 years..bravo hilton bravo!!!
4	THIS IS THE BEST FAN CAVE I HAVE EVER BEEN IN. Screens everywhere, a bar, cozy lounge chairs, and slot machines with an adjacent buffet. Go, NOW! It was really cool for me to watch an NBA game (Buls Vs Celtics) amongst several middle aged men betting thousands on the odds...SO FUN!
4	So is it fancy? NoIs it clean? NoDoes it smell funny? YESBut it does have the most things you can bet on in town. It does have free drinks while you bet. The TV's need a serious update and I hate going to the Hilton but, if you really want to bet. Come here! If you want to watch go to Aria.
4	clean, lots of room, free drinks, and doesn't smell like nasty smoke (well at least not as much as there casinos). I barely bet on sports when I'm in vegas, but when you're there with someone who knows what's up it's fun.
3	Pro's: more bets to pick from than other places, free drinks with sportsbook ticket, the new nonsmoking cave. Con's: old grumpy counter folks, old and stink smoke place, individual tv's only shows racing channels, cocktail girls are also old and slow. It's like the staff are the original one when they first opened. Place needs a serious renovation to appeal us younger non smoking sportsbook goers. It it wasn't for the pro's I'd never be hear, and the cheap buffet next to it
3	Like the new cave addition, non smoking and nice new look, comfortable chairs and environment. Now just incorporate the theme out to the main area then i'd stay to watch the games more often. Looks like they started to hire some younger people. Still has unlimited drinks for sportsbook betters and a large selection of different bettings.
5	I love this place as they take bets on Major League Soccer. They even had bets for the US Open Cup which I did not expect at all. They also have prop bets for NFL for those of you interested.
4	Good Sportsbook. I like that LVH doesn't mess with the time and date stamped drink tickets. The waitress just wants to see your betting slip and you're good to go. Tip your cocktail server and she'll be sure to return and get your order right. If there is a big sporting event you might want to get here early. The betting lines can get pretty long and the seats tend to fill up quick. It's a good place to get your sports fix. One of the better books in town occasionally offering reduced vig.
3	Its a sportsbook!?!? why are you reading this review? go bet on anything, go drink while you play the horses, but dont get to hungry, not much foor around unless you want to eat at the shitty deli.  But the book is clean, people are nice, and its away from all the strip nonesense
2	We thought our fridge was broken because it smelled really bad.  We had someone come up to look at it and they just said it'll stop smelling in a little because they turn it off between hotel guests or something? Totally incorrect way to run things at the hotel.  Also, they charge for the gym facility? I mean maybe for people who aren't STAYING at the hotel but they charge everyone...very interesting.  A plus is that it IS near public transportation so that's cool if that's what you're looking for.  There are other places, in the same price range as this place, that are much better.
5	Bar none the best Sportsbook in Vegas. I live here and have scoped most of the other books out and without a doubt this is the best setup. Tons of seats and windows to make bets. The lines do get long right before kickoff so it can get crazy if you are there for NFL Sundays. However, it is so worth it! It is a must see if you are  a sports fan. The place goes nuts on Sundays and is always fun to watch games with people from everywhere sporting there jerseys. It is pretty amazing, like the United Nations of Football Fans. Every team will be represented by some die hard fans. Its also fun to just chill and blow a Sunday hanging with fellow football fans. Great Times!
5	Hands down, the best sportsbook in Vegas.The "Superbook", as it is known, puts to shame all of the other smaller, less cozy sports betting locations on The Strip. It is known as The Superbook for a reason. It's seriously about the size of a football field -- plus it has the betting options to match its size.Looking for 10-point teasers? They've got it. Looking for 10-cent lines or alternate lines? They've also got those. Then there are the props. Oh God. Every Sunday in the fall it is my pleasure to bet on which ways the Browns will embarrass themselves and the City of Cleveland.(FULL DISCLOSURE: I did not actually place a bet here, but I looked around and was floored.)If you're on the north end of The Strip, make sure to stop by The Superbook and watch some of the action.
1	hands down, up, or sideways: the absolute worst place you may consider for purpose of placing a wager or enjoying a game. if you happen to be totally devoid of class, close to stone broke, and desirous of a place to hang, this is your venue, as accomodation is provided to those who hang their feet over the seats in front of them and scream back and forth in language liberally sprinkled with f-bombs. lovely. this elite group orders multiple cocktails, using a minimum wager ticket to qualify, and typically stiff the servers, who are for the most part frazzled and frustrated for obvious cause.  management (?!!) is so lame as to be indescribably incompetent. the "director" sets the tone and has conveyed his rudeness and arrogance to his staff. lines move slowly because there is zero effort to accomodate anyone, from bettors wanting to wager significant amounts to run-of-the-mill customers, who are disrespected as suckers. even suckers deserve a modicum of respect, jay.  last criticism is the lack of safety in parking lot. getting to your car without being accosted is the biggest chance you may take when visiting this den which was once truly the super book.
4	Probably the best sports book in Vegas.  Plenty of TVs and plenty of betting action.  The grill makes great sandwiches and fries.  We are obsessed with the Cuban sandwich and the Reuben is great too.  They also have a late night menu and on Sundays open up the theatre for an extra 1,500 seats to watch football games on 11 big screens with cheap hot dogs and beers.  Definitely the place to be for all sports action!
3	A giant sportsbook that played the Lakers on like 2 tiny screens. D: Lots of shit talkers chillin here that got their asses shut up after the Lakers won.
5	After all these years, this place is still the best place to make a sports bet in Vegas.  It's still the world's largest sports book and they continue to deliver the most complete set of proposition bets for the Super Bowl in the city of Las Vegas.Every year, I look forward to the Super Bowl propositions coming out so that I can grab a copy and sift through the hundreds of options for betting.  Despite moving out of the State, I make a pilgrimage to Vegas to bet on the Super Bowl and this is my stop.Since I don't live here anymore, I don't hang out and watch games in the book, but they still have the giant screens and plenty of seating.  I send my friends here when they come to Vegas and want to bet sports.  Keep it up guys!Return Factor - 90%
5	It does not get better than this for SUPER BOWL SUNDAY. Huge Big screens and side tv's.  CHEAP beer and thousands of crazed fans hoping to win TAILS on the coin toss! Good but not great food but overall 5 stars is appropriate
5	I am local, but every hardcore sports bettor needs to visit while in town.Its not fancy or upscale like others on the strip. This is a place to bet and watch gamesThis is a book for action and they book everything down to soccer, tennis golf , etc.Drinks are free and a big plus compared to the other books in town, just please tip the staff, show a betting ticket if asked and be nice, it goes a long way.Props to Jay and staff
1	This Sportsbook looks like it hasn't had a remodel in quite a while, it's worn down quite a bit, the place looks and feels dirty.I called in to make sure they had a viewing of the fights I wanted to watch, they assured me they would be playing the preliminaries and the main events. After arriving I went to double check that the fight was playing, the person taking bet's assured me they would be on very shortly, so I placed over $1000 in bets. After we wait around for awhile I notice it's past time the fights should be on now and, they weren't on one screen in the Sportsbook, I waited in line to speak to the person I placed my bet with to see if I was in the correct area, they sent me to the security podem after speaking with that person, they sent me to another area of the Sportsbook to speak to someone else for the answer, this was the third person and they told me they were not having a viewing of the fight, I told them that a lady over the phone assured me they were playing the fight and we just drove 45 minutes to watch it at their casino, he told me, she was wrong. Very disappointed as we had traveled 45 minutes an I had placed a bet for $1000, time wasted and I wasn't even able to watch my bet play out which is all of the fun.I sat down at the bar, showed the bartender my betslip's over $1000 for a free drink, he told me that his bar doesn't take bet slips, that you have to go wait for a waitress to serve you a drink. After waiting 30-45 minutes to get a waitresses attention, she will take your order and most likely you wont see her again for another 30-45 minutes, when your drink arrives, most likely it will be made incorrectly, I ordered an Old Fashioned and the bartender clearly didn't know the drink recipe, it was made with lemon juice and lemon pulp, very bitter and sour, I wasn't even able to drink half of it before I set it aside.I sat at the bar and started to play a machine, after $50 I asked the bartender for a drink, he got me the drink, surprisingly he was able to make it correctly, but then he billed me for the drink, I told him that I've spent $50 gambling over the course of 10-15 minutes, he told me 10-15 minutes wasn't long enough to get a drink for free, I paid, I finished my drink and left, a very disappointing experience, I will most likely never return or recommend this place to anyone, one of the worst experiences at a casino.
5	One of the best sportsbooks I've been to. I highly recommend this place if your going to watch a bit.
5	This is the biggest and best sports book in Las Vagas. This place was used in the movie "Casino". There are dozens of TV screens to watch and one enormous TV in the middle. The have rows and rows of comfy chairs to sit and watch whatever game your betting on. There is a nice bar and a great deli next to the sports book if you get hungry.
3	This is the perfect place to go on a Sunday to watch all the football games, they have tv screens everywhere!! With each screen playing a different game, along with games playing they are also showing horse races. I never knew such a place existed until we drive by and my dad wanted us to come here so he could bet on the games.People bet big money on these games and horse races, it's crazy. It feels like you are watching the games with a bunch of friends, everyone here is decked out in their team gear and slapping five or striking up convos with people who share interest in the same teams. They offer cheap food and cheap beer, there are people walking around with buckets of beer, not sure if they do this everyday or just game day. It can get extremely crowded so prepare for all the people. This is a great place for sports fanatics that don't want to miss any games and want to have a good time while doing so.
1	Service has gone down.. We've been coming here every year for past 10 years for a weekend trip to watch football .. Service and food have gone down.. Very disappointed.
