1	Wowzers I will knowingly never eat food from here again.I placed an order via Grubhub and awaited for the food to arrive.  We were beyond starved and the moment it arrived  it was time to dig in.  I started with the salad, which was presented well and crisp.  After removing a layer we ate and continued our studies.  Time for more salad anyone???It certainly was...until I looked down and noticed a dead FLY in the mix.  Ewww, how disgusting!!!I don't remember ordering extra insects in my salad.  It certainly had me wondering that if their quality control for food preparation was this horrid, which other insects could we have consumed in our bug salad.We were rather grossed out by the ordeal we did not eat the pasta we ordered from them.I called the restaurant the next day, and they mentioned a manager would call me in a few minutes, after confirming my address and phone number.  No call or acknowledgement of the problem from management.  No thanks, I am unable to respect a business who operates without responsibility for their mistake and or "mixup"....If you order food from them, be careful.  You might receive extra bits you did not ask for.I hope this is helpful for someone, I wouldn't want you to have the same experience.
1	The short review....NO.  Don't order here.....I wasn't bummed out when it took two hours to arrive. (I live 2 miles away)I wasn't bummed out when it arrived cold. I wasn't bummed out when the delivery kid was a total asshole.I was pissed when I actually saw my food.  If you like receiving a single chicken nugget slathered in Siracha when ordering 1/2 dozen hot wings your gonna love this place. (Literally a single chicken nugget about half the size of a golf ball)If you love a measly portion of uncooked pasta and a single piece of meatball (read actual part of a meatball) slathered in store bought sauce, your probably gonna love this place.If you like still frozen walmart cheesecake squirted with some kind of strawberry jam, your probably gonna love this place.That and the fact that this was stupid expensive....I will continue ordering from Rosattis and more reputable places.They did offer to give me a credit, but seriously why would I ever try this again....the service was bad, the food was much worse....
1	Okay, so I'm not typically the person who writes the bad review . . . but I've gotta say that I really wish I'd just had a bowl of cereal and called it a night.Boyfriend and I were exhausted from a rough day/week and pretty hungry. We ordered from 414 because they'd left a flier on our door. They had a special: an 18" pizza with one topping and garlic knots for $13.99. Not bad. We were told it would arrive in 35-45 minutes--also decent for a Thursday night 3 miles away.An hour later I called back to ask what happened. Apparently they were pretty backed up, and they'd be sending an extra pizza along free of charge because of the wait. Okay, I figured, everyone gets backed up sometimes--not a big deal.But I guess "a little backed up" means "Don't expect your pizza to show up for almost 2 hours." And of course I was willing to forgive that, but then I opened the boxes. The pizzas were mangled, totally squished, as though someone had held the boxes under an arm on their way up to our door. (I'll post a photo.)Of course everything was cold--goes without saying. Hot, it would've been a decent pizza. The garlic knots were doughy and the dipping sauce tasted canned.And to add insult to injury, they'd charged us for two toppings instead of one because I asked for half mushrooms, half olives (which makes one whole pizza, so one topping, in my opinion--debatable). So I got overcharged.I'll be calling the manager tomorrow. At least the delivery kid was nice. And the only thing that could make this experience worse is if we wake up with food poisoning in the morning (pray for us).
