5	HellBilly is building my Custom bike from the frame up, Mike is very knowledgable and has been a pleasure to work with. This shop is easy going and reasonably priced. I will post pics of my when completed. Thanks HellBilly!!!
5	I took my stock Sportster 1988 and made a custom bike that all people can enjoy he has a very fair prices and what he doesn't have you can order FAST everything I ordered I got in about 2 days very fast service friendly service and the fact that he's a marine as well as I am made it even better. If you're looking for a custom bike to be build from the ground up had a good cost talk to Michael ..
1	My husband & I took our '01 Indian into this shop to get some work done(oil cooler, pipes, bars, added lights, and repair/paint my fender and add a custom sissy bar). We took it in around may 7th. So after a few months (Aug 15) back and fourth on the phone on what should be done about pipes and bars and just buttoning up everything, my husband informed this shop that he'd like to pick up with ample time to get it done (we had been out of town so we gave over 1 weeks notice that we would be back). Long story short, we get a bike without a Fender because "their paint guy" isn't finished, and they can't get a hold of him.  They told us a week later they still can't get it and they have to buy a new fender and UPS it to me.... Additionally they FORGOT to put the seat bolts on AS WELL!!!  What if my husband and I were in an accident!!! You guys still think it's funny! I was a 1.5 qt low on oil. And I find that I have hardware missing for the fender!  The break light was also not working because they assembled the starter switch housing incorrectly. .... This shop looks cool and the people seem cool, but they're really not.  When we finally got the fender the paint on it was low quality, not what we paid for.  And they "forgot" that we discussed the sissy bar so we still don't have one.I'm telling you, DON'T TRUST THIS SHOP! Effing Thieves! ... And of course there's gonna be those "enablers" (friends, co-workers family), try and deflect truthful reviews about this place. ... Yes, Michael is a nice guy. But his WORK blows.  They didn't even try to make it right. But Hey, it's your bike.
3	What started off to a happy build ended up being a headache.. I wish I could go back into time and not make the mistake of using HellBilly motorcycles too build my bike. It's been a year and I have still not had the chance to ride my bike. I can go on and on and on etc... But the point is that a business should not make documented promises and not be able to fulfill them. I have been waaaaay beyond patient and everytime they try to make it right something else happens while my bike is in their possession. Tired of excuses & if you continue to dishout poor quality work then your rep will continue to suffer. Reviews you see posted are the truth.
