5	Without a doubt, the most friendly employees I have come in contact with in quite some time.... and this was 20 minutes before they closed the dining room.  Everything was fresh tasting and hot.  We were very pleasantly surprised.
2	It's Wendy's.  It's a guilty, greasy, unhealthy pleasure.  That said, I love me a Wendy's milkshake.
4	Whenever I want fast food at a reasonable price, I will go to Wendy's and order a crispy chicken deluxe meal medium size. For less than $4, I enjoy a tasty meal that fills me up. I also appreciate that I could choose my side.  I also notice that the employees working here are personable.   And the restaurant is spacious and clean. If you want bang for your buck, I recommend the crispy chicken deluxe value meal medium size.
3	I don't understand why they eliminated their $2.99 crispy chicken deluxe meal and if I am correct, raised the price on fries in the middle of a recession. I do understand that it has alienated customers, such as myself.  Recently I had been eating here so frequently that I became the duke of this Wendy's. The employees are friendly and the dining area is generally clean.  I have lowered the rating by a star. Eliminating a good deal during a recession lowers my opinion of the place.
5	Try Daves new juicy burgers.  Holy hell they are good!!
1	Hated it! There was a red ink like thing on my burger. Garbage cans were full. Never again.  Yuck!!!
1	I went to Wendy's and my hamburger was raw!  Every time I go to this one, they mess up something on the order.  I know it's fast food but come on.  I don't even go to the other Wendy's in the area because they are so bad. There is always an army back there and some how they can't get an order right.  This Wendy's location has this women that works the register that is Russian?  (Sorry if I may be mistaken.)  This lady has to be one of the rudest fast food employees I have ever seen.  I wish I could say she is a nice lady and blah blah blah,  but I am just being honest.  I always call her the "Hamburger Nazi!"  She just yells at you with no smile; "For here or to go!"  I'm not sure if it is a cultural thing or what.  At least the burn outs in other places smile.  I get nervous every time I order.  I have to spout out the order very fast and she cuts you off.  Go see for yourself, She is there everyday!  I've even got her in the drive-thru a few times.  I wish Dave was still alive because Wendy's was so much better back in the day.  I hope I don't get this lady in trouble.  I just want to tell her to relax.  Cheers!
3	The employees make your order as soon as they hear it at the register. This makes orders go by pretty quick when it's a pretty small to decent order. Otherwise, a large order backs up the line far too much.Most of the employees there look really unhappy and I've witnessed arguements and even fighting, yes literal fist fights, between employees. The food is great usual, it's just the staff can really make or break the dinning experience.
4	The service is delightful and the chicken nuggets were cooked to perfection with a kiss of a stand-alone barbecue sauce that is blue-ribbon. Well done you beautiful ginger lass!
3	quick drive thru. drive thru kind of weird when its get crowded, its like two different lines from two different entry ways. Sometimes may be missing something from my salad, but pretty solid as far as Wendy's go. *shrug*
1	This is the worst wendys i have ever been to in my LIFE, food is ussally sloppy and kinda cold, there is a older pale woman who works the drive threw who is very rude and ive been there couple times she is always in abad mood and rude to everyone, She gets upset when i asked for 2 ketchups she told me last time that the new ketchup packs are 3 in 1, so i told her i understand i want 2 of those she looked at me and put 1 in the bag and closed the window.. so i waited there honking my horn finally someone else came up and gave me my damn ketchup, i tried to contact headquaters on this lady she is the reason why wendys lost my buisness, on top of all that one day i was in the drive threw one of the workers was by the trashcan taking a piss in broad daylight.. cant even imagine what they do behind closed doors
5	Never a bad drive thru in 10 visits
1	I got food poisoning at this location a couple of years ago after eating the chili. Within hours I was vomiting and end up on IV fluids. I called Wendy's corporate office to alert them of the issue. They did absolutely nothing for me and basically told me I had no proof. Eventually I found out from a Wendy's employee that they use the un-sellable hamburger meet in the chili. I'm not surprised. The chili is the worst item on the menu, over-cooked to mask the taste of stale meat.
3	Check your order, they will mess it up or forget stuff. Friendly staff inside not in drive thru. Food is hot and fresh. Drive thur does move fast it seems.
4	This wendys is your standard wendy's but has one of the fastest drivethru's i have ever expereienced.  They work fast there.  The food was the standard fair.  Good burgers.  Fair fries.  The chicken nuggets I got were a little dry last time, but I go here so often, that seemed to be a fluke.
3	Food is fine. Manager could learn a bit about customer service. New employees don't seem to have been trained. Meh. What do I expect from fast food?
