4	Good food prepared by the students for class.  Open for lunch only.  The students learn how to handle the restaurant and all the issues.  Only open for a few weeks each term and only on Monday thru Wednesday (not sure of how many weeks it is open each term).  Food was very good and students wait on you as well.  Should call and make reservations and can BYOB if you wish.  Have Greek theme this term on daily specials. Wait staff was a little nervous and needed some training but very attentive and helpful.  Give it a try if you have little time, in and out in less than 1 hour.  The soups and deserts are very good, too.
4	ToA is open again.  Stopped in for lunch.  They have a nice varied menu.  There does not seem to be a theme this term.  Had a really nice meal with a friend.  The menu includes soups and appetizers, salads, entrees and deserts.  The desert was delicious so save room.
4	I just went to the A Taste of Art restaurant at the Art Institute of Pittsburgh.  Yum! Yum Yum! One of the best $11.50 lunches I have ever had.  Yes, that's right!  I said $11.50 (including gratuity, but not taxes)  For $11.50 I had Shrimp and Corn Fritters with avocado creme fraiche and smoky chiptle aioli  as an appetizer and as my main entree, I had Beef Brisket and Roasted Potatoes with a cherry and onion compote.  Brisket is one of those dishes that can be very good and succulent or veddy, veddy bad and as tough as shoe leather.  The brisket served today was veddy, veddy good!  Likewike, fritters can be quite tasty or leaden and greasy.  The Shrimp and Corn Fritters were mighty tasty.Since this place is a cooking school restaurant, don't expect head-over-heels-fall-in love-at-first-sight service.  However, for the price point and the quality of the food served, you'd be hard pressed to find a better place for lunch.  Additionally, each student semester/quarter the menu changes and a new cuisine is selected for the students to develop dishes around.  This quarter the cuisine is Italian.  Now you, the diner,  will see several dishes that fall under the "Italian" umbrella.  Now don't be surprised to see quite a number of dishes which don't quite fit the Itailian mode....Can we talk about Brussel Sprouts and Smoked Pork with Spaetzle?  Hunh?Anyway, go and enjoy, you'll definitely find something that you will not be able to put down!
4	First time here, and a very good lunch was had! The only negative was that the coffee was served luke warm, not hot. However, the meal was very good, the options were very original, delicious, portion size good, and the price point made it better than many venues in Downtown Pittsburgh! The student servers were knowledgable about the menu, and very polite. Oyster soup in potato base surprisingly good (take that, Original Oyster House!) Chicken on bed of rice pilaf was excellent. Peanut soup with potato base (again tasty and original!) Shrimp and scallop salad was fresh, the veggies were crisp, slight charcoal grilling of seafood a compliment. To top it off, fresh fruit trifle for dessert, excellent! Pleasant background music, not too loud, and interesting art on the walls (were these done by students?)We will look forward to coming back!
