2	Summary: Nice for coffee and a panini, try somewhere else for dinnerDetail: I've been here twice now. The first time was for a coffee and snack a few months' ago after shopping, and that was great- good coffee and excellent value panini with salad etc. Service is quick and friendly. The second was for dinner, and we weren't too impressed. We ordered the olive appetiser expecting some of those nice herby olives in oil you usually get, but what turned up was the cheapest possible olives from brine on iceberg lettuce- not impressed. We both had pizza for mains, but they were nowhere near as nice as you'd get in other places in Edinburgh- for example Prezzo or even Pizza Express. Mine had tons of cheese, but little in the way of tasty herbs etc, and the other was apparently disappointing as well. Desserts were pretty good- I had the lemon sorbet. So- good for a stop and a nibble, not so good for an evening out.
4	Caffe Centro is a very nice Italian cafe on George Street. It is often packed on lunch time, which is no surprise since their food is pretty good. You can get anything from soups, sandwiches and salads to pastas and pizzas. Or if you are an early bird you can get a good breafast as well.However, I had my eyes set on some dessert as I had just had lunch elsewhere.I wanted to cry from delight as I scanned their dessert menu when I saw that banana split was on the menu. I love it, it's simple but delicious IF done correctly.N.B. there are some establishments in Edinburgh that include canned fruit in banana split which is just wrong, wrong, wrong...I am glad to confirm that Caffe Centro knows how to do a banana split properly. My bowl consisted of banana, vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and a drizzle of chocolate sauce (see picture). That's all that is needed. And it was amazing :)Next time I might try one of their other desserts as there was plenty of choice.
2	Mmnnnn... In reading everyone else's review I don't know if I'm being harsh or not but I'm not a fan of this place. I've been in a couple of times recently. Once for coffee and cake which was an "ok" experience. Central location, but there are so many other nicer places nearby you can go for a fabulous coffee in a nicer setting. Plus I found the squoosh of canned cream next to my bit of lemon drizzle cake a bit cheap and it coloured my perception of their Italian home baking.Next visit was for food during the festival, primarily cause we walked past and the folk I was with said we should go in as they couldn't be bothered trying to find anywhere else that would take 6. It wouldn't have ever been on my list of places to eat Italian food in Edinburgh however I'm happy to go with the flow on occasion as I'm hoping to be surprised. I wasn't. Pasta was overcooked (an offence in Italy!!) and the sauce wasn't all that. Weird tasting meatballs, kinda tasted like they were frozen from Costco. Nothing authentic about this place in my mind apart from the Italian waiter. The place had a slightly grubby look to it which might have been down to the huge amount of tourist traffic in and out for the festival, but still... No toilet paper in the ladies either. Grump. So cannot recommend. But as I say, I might just be more harsh than others :)
4	Came in to Caffe Centro because it was close and it is on the way to the station. Being well before lunchtime, I was only after a coffee, so made my way to a comfy looking table to check Yelp reviews on this Italian styled eatery.On reading Tanja's quotes on the heavenly pancakes I was hooked, so placed an order. Looking around the caffe it has a distinct European quality about it, clean well presented seating and staff very friendly good. A short time later...Oh my, you need to go and try the combo of pancakes (yes six small ones), maple syrup, honey, fresh cream were solidly devine, and mouth meltingly good, Thanks Tanja.As I gazed around, on the walls hung street scene pictures of some cosmopolitan city, And looking around the caffe it almost has a distinct European quality about it clean, well presented seating and staff very friendly.My new found spring clean is to try as many green teas in as many places as possible the city can offer me in a week. That really got off to a great start at Brew Lab, the presentation of fresh looking leaves in a transparent pot, but here was a small portion of tea in a bag. I suppose you can't have it both ways - great food, hmm not so good tea.Challenge accepted...but I need to check other reviews first.
4	Totally sick of the slick ever pervasive global chains and was looking for something with more character. This place was spot on with very nice coffee but what really sold it for me was the staff and the relaxed atmosphere. Definitely will be back.
