3	Ethan Allen is the type of furniture store where you encounter consultants.  A panel of "American Idol" judges (although...nicely dressed ones) will meet you as you walk in.  The eyes will quickly look you up and down to vet your level of purchasing power.  They probably saw the vehicle you rolled up in as well.While helpful, our sales woman seemed to be helping us in an "affordable" way.  She was also missing the point of what we wanted.  Yes, we pulled up in my pickup truck, yes we looked a bit of a mess.  We had just finished working in the yard and decided to head out to look for some new bedroom pieces.  The whole experience managed to take a 180 degree turn once our sales woman found out that we had a Temperpedic bed.  No kidding?  You mean, you can't always judge a book by its cover?  Who'd a thought?As far as the furniture is concerned, Ethan Allen has some excellent pieces.  High quality stuff with the abilty to customize just about anything.  Sure you'll pay for it, but we all know that we get what we pay for.Two things would make a trip to Ethan Allen a five-star experience:1.  I want more to look at and touch.  The minimal space affords enough room to display each diverse style they carry...but guess what...not that many people are going to buy a denim couch, or insanely ornate, mirrored and metalic pieces. 2.  This isn't project runway, and I'm not coming here to be evaluated for a home loan.  If I walk in to your store, I can afford your furniture.
1	Service was terrible!! My sister and I walked in this location and were not even greeted with an hello. As we browsed through the store 2 of the sales associates went in the opposite direction when they saw us coming. On our way out of the store both associates were at the front of the store shouting goodbye. I proceeded to tell them I noticed we were intentionally being ignored, how rude they are, and that discrimination is completely wrong. I also so let them know their actions are the perfect way to get bad reviews for the store.My sister and I are 2 professional women (Chemist/Psychologist) we were surprised to witness this type of treatment from furniture salesmen. But I guess when you walk into this location with the wrong skin color you get no service... 2014MLK Day... Smh
2	In the past when my husband and I needed to purchase good quality furniture we always went to Walter E Smith in the Chicago area.  Since living here we made the change to Ethan Allen.  We purchased a full living room from them this past spring and have been very happy with almost everything.  The service was great and the sales person listened to us and put together exactly what we wanted with one exception.  We asked for tables (specifically a coffee table) that could stand up to some abuse because we have a 16 month old at home.  The table he recommended is beautiful but does not at all stand up to what he said it would.  This table is only 3 1/2 months old and already has wood chipping off, many many dents and looks absolutely horrible.  This table is so softI can dent/scratch it with my fingernail.  Ive have better quality tables from Target and World market for 1/3 the price.  After only 2 months use I called the store to tell them the sales clerk clearly did not know the product he was selling, if he did he never would have recommended this table.  I was told they did not cover customer abuse and can't be held accountable for a sales person giving me bad information.  It's the sylvan coffee table....DO NOT BUY IT!!  I dropped the remote control on it and it left a huge dent.  They wouldn't even offer to come out to see if the table was defective or had the wrong finish.  I told them I would bring it in myself and they said no.   My end tables and cocktail table are extremely durable/well made and are exactly what I wanted.  I am disappointed the table I was most concerned about is horrible.
